Told Fred how to do sets with every 7-8-5
NIL!
EVIL!
Pound!
EVIL!
The on your AT&T and VOLUES white EVILs
The opinions expressed by NIL
Disguests or his colleagues
Do not bring the people to the WISH NIL or EVILs fooders yet
Reforce some people
NIL!
EVIL!
Roger Show
On 5-60 WQAM
I'm sorry, sorry
I'm a madly-drobbing fan of Bored Hole rainy lows
And all the motha-model jocks who speak at monotones
In the creatures of the mothos, Bored Hole that gave dreams
Of how I want to pump my motha-in between their cheeks
I think the jocks
I think
I think the jocks, jocks, jocks
Bored to solve that matter, too, you want to get me burned
I'm aware of women, but they just get on my nerves
I like chopping, and we sleep as if they really know me
In the company of Lollipop, Bored Hole, nerd and pairs
I think the jocks, jocks, jocks, jocks
Oh, bandit slap and towel, snap and bandit jocks are sweating
I would like to wig their legs all the way to heaven
In this Bored Bar Nadine, back up through with all the guys
Watching games and the one-hand goes running up my thighs
I think the jocks, in white tube and sound
I think the jocks, jocks, jocks
Oh, Bored Hole, Gushbath and the leaps off in you with the wetty
Let me strap these garters on and change my name to Betty
One day on a Bored Hole show they talked about the leaps
How did they know less than there's our into a big feat?
I think the jocks, for always bad
I think the jocks, jocks, jocks
Oh, Bored the only thing that matters
In fact, sports always matters
Nothing else, nothing like Bored for it
Let's go to camp baby, let me tell you we're all going off
We're going to pack our bags and go up to camp
How's that sound?
All right
If you pack your bags though, don't take them to a pure snow fort
In fact, don't take them to any airport
Just to travel naked
I don't even go anywhere anymore, camp fort too
Let's you walk
Here is George's pull from yesterday
See, I'm trying to start on an upbeat milk
Because I got nothing positive to say the rest of the four hours today
Okay
Is he going to be whining again?
Is he going to be complaining?
All he does is whining and complaining
Oh my god, if they had all that money, they would have whining again
That's right
You know, something if they wanted to operate like a real business
And treat people like human beings
And we wouldn't want to complain
We say, hey, everybody, how are you doing?
The sun is shining here, it's a beautiful day
It is, it's going to be about 87, 88
Here is George's pull from yesterday
Before I get to that memo
I was going to spend most of the time on the trip
That I just had, it was an unescheduled trip
Because remember last Thursday people said, oh, where are you going on vacation?
I said I'm not going anywhere
Well, as of Thursday, that was correct
But as of Friday, when Paco got his passport, then it became less than correct
And as of Monday, when we got on the plane, the three of us, at Pearson
And headed off to Europe, then it turned out not to be correct at all
Three days in Rome, three days in Amsterdam
Could have been a lot of fun
And you're supposed to say, was it?
Was it?
No!
Oh, what's more pointless, that's your pull from yesterday?
In fact, I was sticking the poles
Put it on a good choice
Then we wouldn't have to do them anymore
I thought of a lot of other options after the fact, you know how that goes
What's more pointless, 886 votes, which is pretty good considering you said you snapped it on her just before you jumped like three days ago
I did the same thing today too, because we got back yesterday after just an incredibly bizarre adventure with the airport
I mean, you wouldn't even believe it
I can't believe I survived it
Why is it that old dykes are so bitter and nasty?
Nasty?
Big hotter
But anyway, got back and slept
So I never put a pull on for today
I laid down, actually, see the mistake wasn't settling down for a nap on the couch
I laid down at bed with the plan being I'm gonna take a nap for a couple hours and get up and do some stuff
And I laid down at, I don't know, 8 o'clock at night last night
And we'll come to eat 15 this morning
12 hours
I needed it
You got that time change, you know, it's six hour time right?
Sure
So now my body clock is 405 and 1st noon, so what am I doing working for Christ's Sakes?
What's more pointless, George asked Braille on a drive through ATM 259?
Religion 244, how about if we just have Braille roads and stuff?
Sure, him these
Who would tell me, my friend, they would tell me about these new little cars that automatically
Park
It's like a smart car or something like that?
A smart car, yeah
I don't understand how that works
It has a program that if you're going to do a parallel parking, you might press a button and you would program
And it automatically parallel has a park right?
It has little sensors that does it for you
And what if it makes a mistake?
Well, hopefully, it doesn't
Braille on a drive through ATM 259, a strong second religion 244, pointless
Once you're dead, you're dead, baby, you're done, finished
All this crap with the angels and with the heaven, oh God, heaven and hell, you're going to burn in hell, mister?
Yeah
Non-alcoholic beer 206
Decaffeinated coffee 66
Men hitting on lesbians 57
Internet romance 31
And strippers sanitizing the pool 23
I don't know what that means
Well, you know, you've seen strippers, they swing around that pool
The strippers are sanitizing it
They take like a moist highlight or something like that and clean the pool off before their sessions, some of them
I do, they really
Some do
Well, I'm probably a lot of guys doing their pool before their sessions too, well, they should
I'll tell you
Be really good idea
Is that Chris Dodd there on, look at that, the Dow is down over 200 points already
And you can see what is happening
You can see down to a weight and dropping an S&P is way down too for the S&P guy
Guess what, the S&P is down, bad
Here's my welcome back home, sure, QAM
Welcome back, Neil, we miss you
Okay, here's the pool we got for today, it's an old day I brought back, but what do you expect?
Want me to put something new and exciting on there on my first day back?
Huh?
And then I got to work again on Thursday for Christ's sake
The good news being the first week in August I have off onto this deal every year
So Jordan will be on for that week again too
Aren't you excited?
No
Who are the cheapest people we asked?
141 votes already
French Canadians 87
Jews 38, Cubans 10 and a duck 6, I voted for the Dutch, there's nobody even close to them
Cheach, cheach, cheach, cheach, cheach, cheach, cheach, that's why I am sure the name is so old and nostalgic
Why did you vote for the New Yorker?
Because in the near sense Jesus was a baby one
I voted for the Frog Canadians
Yeah, so and everybody else
So anyway, before I go into any details about our trip
I mean for almost a year now I've been telling my Paco I'm going to take him to Europe up a Bava
Get your documents and stuff and finally he gets him gets the passport on Friday all excited
And of course when you make a trip at the last minute like that the airfare is just gigantic, humongous, especially when you go business class
So this thing cost me a freaking fortune not to mention of course his wild shopping spree in Rome
Don't ever take anybody who's a clothes hog male or female to Rome and let him go on a shopping spree on an unattended
Yeah, that's going to happen, Sid
What?
I'm going to take a clothes hog to Rome and talk to the audience
You're not taking anybody anywhere, you just have to say you can't even afford a bicycle
That's right
But you decide a new contract, let's hear it for George
You decide a new deal with the big 3% pay increase from Johnny Joe Bell
Who is the most evil? I was going to say human being but he's not in that category the most evil thing that has ever stalked the earth as your general manager
And I told you that the first couple weeks he was on our ship
Yep
I said this man makes Captain Krieg see normal
Devious and dangerous evil at least Captain Krieg was like just nuts you know
What is strawberries?
I carried with the strawberries before what the better say
That's right, that's a great movie came to me and I still love Robert Francis even though he's dead
Isn't that his name? The guy that's Willie?
Yeah
Willie? Not now he won
Oh man, he was a pretty guy
Oh let's start talking at Fag Talk already, you just got back, well why the hell not?
I'll talk all the Fag Talk I want, how do you like?
I'm just going to go out of control these next 5 and a half years, you'll see
I'm going to talk about whatever the hell I want and these people who run this company are losers man
They're afraid of their own shadow and here's the proof
Now how much did you talk about this food delivery memo?
Oh you know the day that it came out and periodically but you know I mean didn't rail on it continuously
Why not?
What's the point?
What's the point?
Yeah, because it changed anything. Why would you do it because you can?
I did, some
Because if ever there was something that they deserve their ass ripped just broadly bleeding, hemorrhaging from
This is it, this this memo about food delivery this is the epitome of what's wrong with WQAM, what's wrong with Beasley Broadcasting, what's wrong with Jolly Jobelle, what's wrong with the entire operation man?
Spineless and spiteful and hateful, anything nasty, he must he must get off on this, he might just just pissing people off and aggravating everybody
You can't complain about the morale at QAM because there is many
And that's the freaking truth
Am I right?
Yeah, yep
Absolutely
Right, I didn't even bring him back for general manager
Before this creature we got this tubby creature, this goofball, this hateful evil thing
So how did the deal go with you when you signed your deal with him? Did you actually have to see him or what?
Yeah, we sat in his office and you know what over it?
We sat on it?
Yeah, I believe that
And?
And that was it, it was pretty much the same as my old one
You know, I have no options, no power and they have all of it and you know I'm stuck here and no money and they get to treat me like crap
And they make me do whatever the hell they want including washing cars, my job description is purposefully nebulous so that they can work me whenever, wherever doing whatever and I got to do it
And how long was this thing, it was like to coincide with my F5-year extension? No, it's only three years
Really? Yeah, why is that?
He said we might want to talk about something different around that time, who knows or fire your ass, who knows?
We might want to talk about something different at that time?
Yeah, like maybe give you a new, your own show
Is that what he said?
He didn't say those words
Was he thinking that?
I think it was implied
Was it really?
Something like that
How about two to four sounds?
I see he's still on today though, Curtis is on today
Oh, the jerk show in Vegas, alright
Well, there's a lot of losers in Vegas, I just mentioned that in passing
You hear the sirens, they're coming to take us away, you hear it?
I hear it
Big Anvala, I know a fire truck going around the corner, I don't know the difference anymore
I'm old and senile, and poop in my pants a lot
10-13 at 5-60 WQ way
Just keeps getting bigger
The wife and baseball all start Alex Rodriguez filed divorce papers today in Miami
Some media reports has suggested A-Rod maybe romantically linked with singer Madonna
A-Rod did Madonna
Married old deceits
Gone underneath a lawyer when you always cheat
Show her the money, you must pay the rest
It's so many women she could sell their cents
Every night you're hunting for some good strange
Always horny but you've got a pre-luff
She will get the kids and you'll be disgrace
She'd and you're done
A-Rod did Madonna and over rest
Wonder if it's cheap when you pay your debt
And I'll get the fucks, but pull your pants down
That's me eating it, whole cheesecakes
Ooh, look at that ass
It's a 10-18 at 5-60 WQM
Happy Tuesday to 15th of Julio
Georgia beat back on tomorrow, don't get panicking
And I do Thursday and then offer another four days
Then the first week in August I'll be off for another week
Ask me if I'm going back to Europe in August or anywhere else
No
Can't afford to
So you put in for a little extra for me while you were in that meeting with Johnny Joe
Oh, for the poll, somebody wants to add the Chinese
Oh, there's a lot of very cheap Chinese money
And QA management
Instead of that I'd rather we add just Joe Bell
Okay
Got it?
The Chinese, how's Chris doing? Is he still fat?
Yes
Come on
You won't be so fat if we can't get all that free food for you
A lot is correct
See, that's another aspect of that memo which I'll get to and spend at least 15-20 hours
Ranting about
Some of the aspect of it, we got, you know, the little people work for peanuts
And now you can't even get any peanuts
Because the only way people will bring your peanuts
Is if you tell the audience where you got them
For free
Oh, we don't want you having any lunches because of, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
We must apologize also for length of time it's take us to reach this conclusion until recently we'd still hope to obtain this item for you We've canceled the item from your order your credit card Will not be charged for the item Thank God
And my friend Dave came up from Tennessee where he's got a second home with his girlfriend
and her 85 kids.
And the 20 dogs and stuff.
Anyway, we're getting ready to go on our trip.
So he and I, and we of course I drove them out to a woodbying.
Naturally, right?
Letcher.
And I played quick hit of course, right?
Right.
And on the 2 cent machine I won 2100 bucks.
Lies.
And he just was flabbergasted.
Flabbergasted.
I just got the touch man.
Don't ask me how.
I don't know.
I got the touch.
And of course, when you're spending money like I am, you better be winning a lot of money.
Oh, my phones are in.
Hang on.
Oh jeez.
No, I'm going to get it.
Killer music.
Killer music.
First day back he's already over there.
I know.
What a slide.
Probably he's a cookie.
I'm going to beat you.
I'm going to beat you.
Good.
Good lady.
And he's a high school sports.
Who's the best?
Yeah.
Better run.
What?
I hear him coming back.
I heard this dentist of mine.
I'm glad you called her because I forgot all about it.
Another dental appointment.
He's got a replacement couple of fillings.
They're old and nasty.
10 o'clock tomorrow morning.
So you may think I got a great day off tomorrow.
I got to go get drilled.
Well, there was worse things.
Yeah.
Asked off.
He'll tell you.
So anyway, here's this memo that came out on July the 20th.
The ninth.
Now let's see.
Tomorrow's the 16th or the last Wednesday.
We came out tomorrow.
Memo to all.
Now, you know, because it's the summertime, there are probably a lot of people didn't hear
this.
People are traveling.
They're in.
They're out.
They're up.
They're down there.
Whatever they are.
Memo to all staff from Josh Dero, carbon copy, Joe Bell.
Date July 9, 2008.
Ray Food delivery.
Here's what it says.
Now read it exactly the way it's written on this piece of paper.
From this point moving forward, all food ordered to the radio station must be bought and
paid for.
We can no longer receive food free of charge.
Any food or restaurant mentioned on the air must be tied to a sales or promotions program.
You can still talk about restaurants and food on the air as it relates to legitimate
show content.
That's the end.
That's what it says.
We can no longer receive food free of charge.
And of course this is obviously written by Schmuck who doesn't realize and of course he's
eaten plenty of free food.
Clarence, tons of it.
Pretending not to realize that one of the perks, one of the few perks are working in
a business, especially for the hundredlings, is again the free food.
When you're paying people like 50 Cent an hour like Fat Christ there, how do I help
can he maintain that growth when he can't accept free food?
Because nobody's going to be sending free food if he can't give him a plug on the
air.
It's always been that way.
It's Pugola, big deal.
Everybody does it.
It goes on everywhere.
But Jolly Jo Bell decided that we're talking too much about how he's in whoever else
in the morning on the morning show.
But you know what?
Punish them for it.
Take them out there and whip their aras.
Always the way it is.
And I don't believe that anyway because although I don't hear that much of the show,
but I think they probably do the same thing that we do.
You know, we got a breakfast this morning.
It was great.
Thank you, etc.
And so on.
Right?
I don't know.
But yeah, I assume.
Yeah.
I don't think they do like whole segments where they go on and on and on and you know,
spend the whole show thanking anybody for bringing in some free chow.
You?
No.
I don't know.
Although to be honest with you, there might be an improvement over some of the sports
crap, but nevertheless, and I'm sure you won't disagree with that.
Not at all.
I mean, what would you rather talk about?
Food or people who sniffed yacht straps?
Little wild contest.
Mm-hmm.
What about you, Chris?
Oh, you know, I'm asking you.
Well, you know, there's more sirens out there.
Boy, they're just going ballistic now that I'm back.
They're probably all week long.
There was not one siren in the whole city.
You hear it?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, just going, ape shmit.
Going nuts.
Now, where do I, you know, I read this yesterday.
It was sitting in my fax machine, along with a bunch of other chuzz-er-eye.
And I thought to myself, oh, brother, this should be our biggest problem.
Okay?
Is it it?
This is a man who has come in and destroyed the radio station, butchered the ratings, destroyed
the lineup, pushed out the Humper, pushed out Eddie Kay, put on shows that have numbers,
oh, oh, oh, like that.
Oh, oh, oh.
And now, his biggest thing he's got to worry about is whether we give a proud of the
nice people who bring the food in.
I mean, it's been this way ever since the day we sat our ass down in this radio station
10 and a half years ago.
Am I correct?
Yeah.
We had Tony's used to bring all the pies and of course, Pete's love.
We don't know how that would work because he was a sponsor all the time, you know?
Tony tail.
Any food or restaurant mentioned on the air must be tied to a way sales or promotions
program.
Well, what if we got our restaurant thing with your pango coming up Thursday to be bringing
food again?
Well, that's what I'm going to do at least slowly but surely.
What are you going to do?
Little by little, make arrangements through the sales department to have a sponsor bring
food in every now and again, besides just on Thursday, you know?
Do it all on the up and up if you will.
There's nothing that's not on the up and up about giving a plug.
And if you want to log in, if you're worried about the FCC, which I'm sure he's not,
it has everything to do.
How can we jeopardize our license when we don't even have one?
It has nothing to do with the choices.
The package of the Joe Bell, being what he is, what he is, what he is, what he is.
What's later.
The old guy, he downed his house, where the mudwems go, to hang from trees and play
banjo.
You got some who own a station on, newfangled radio.
Now as Norton's, Caroline goes, rallies a big city, you know?
And that's where the beesleaves had to go for Jolly, Riley Joe.
I knew who he am, he'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend, then quickly walk away.
There they had Joe, go to five six o' with ratings and the toilet bowl to get those
ratings for full mose and order and control.
And then so, go to Rolly, go to a bus dealer and in the know he lets mose go.
And here's what blouse is guilty, his old show.
He makes a big change and rearrange.
It's worse or the same, he hasn't done a thing.
For what goes, all the air at two, Joe don't have a stinkin' clue out of four, not
that essentially, whoa, it's for all radio.
No, the GM of five six o' Jolly, Riley Joe.
1032, he's done a heck of a job, baby, two and a half years of butchering.
He's like, remember, we're leaving it to be for the cleaver family?
Sure, he's got the cleaver.
And he's chopping and slicing and dicing and chewing and, oh,
at the end of the segment there, I said, it's not about the FCC and you said, no, it's not.
Which implied to me that you know what it's all about?
Sure, what is it all about?
He thought that the show is particularly the morning show is spending too much time
giving free plugs to people that were buying spots on the station and so he put a stock to all of it.
No, no, no, no.
Too many plugs to people who were buying spots on the same room for bringing food.
Bringing food for you, son.
There was too much, sorry, what I meant to say is too much free food for plugs going on here.
He's full of crap.
And once in a while I'll see you guys get food in today and say, yeah, like thanks to Howe's or whatever,
how you saying that's it.
How long does that go on?
About five seconds?
Apparently was the morning show that went to what he said.
So what the hell do we got to do with the freaking morning show, huh?
That's what I'd like to know.
Huh?
Yeah, I guess he didn't want to have a double standard.
Why can't they just like adults instead of making these stupid memos?
Why can't they like adults?
They sit down, they have all their ding dong school sessions all the time and say, oh, by the way,
I just cut it down, you know, chop it down.
Like George Washington and the cherry tree chopping down.
That's not draconian.
That's so fun.
A-hole.
Miserable A-hole.
This takes us back to the day at IOD.
Was it Boy Gari or was it Steve Nichol?
It was Boy Gari.
No food in the studio.
That's what I joined the show right after that memo.
No food in the studio.
Right.
I said, your mama, right.
Your mama?
Your mama's so socks and hell, go away.
We're eating all the food we want.
I mean, it's a midday show.
We're on from 10 to 2.
That's generally speaking lunchtime for most people, falls in a category in that time frame.
Let me be QAM.
Hello.
Please.
Speaking, please.
Daniel, I was wondering what you thought about the front cover of the New Yorker magazine yesterday.
Well, what is there to think about it?
It's obnoxious and grotesque and the right wing crap.
Well, what else is there to think about it?
Consider it as...
I agree.
I agree.
Is it a debatable point?
You say, well, I don't understand.
Is it debatable?
I think we should have you on the front page of the New Yorker in Amsterdam with a big joint
in your mouth and a wiener in your butt.
Here's the fact that it says, and of course, hopefully this is wrong.
I mean, can you talk about going from the frying pan to the fire?
I'll put you to the right.
What?
Dave Laman is coming to do two to four?
Sounds right.
It isn't going to be D.A.
Well, why would a B.D.A. when he's got a point on at night, even though he's following dead air?
Because he talks, go.
No, okay.
I don't think so.
Good enough for them, but no, it's not going to be here.
No, let me tell you, even...
Oh, point.
No, that's not good enough for anybody.
The fact is, hey, Neil, I heard that Dave Laman was carrying from WBG and WYOD.
Maybe Joe Bell is carrying that gas bag from two to four.
Gas bag is right, man.
You talk about Farts a lot.
That's his claim to fame, Dave Laman.
Also saying, an additional which is just...
He was a sports nerd guy.
He was like, you know, and all of a sudden he's doing the morning show on IOD and he's doing this.
He's a...
Right.
Where the hell did that come from?
I don't know what it is.
And with Ellie, I don't think I got that.
Yeah, you do.
QAM-Real Jingle No.20.
What?
What?
You have it.
No.20.
Yeah.
Let's keep scrolling.
Dave Laman.
Oh, I got it.
And then there's always...
In Kaplan.
And even...
The Florida Marlins.
Oh, not them.
The Marlins.
Anyway, this also says also so you're buddy Rich Royce promoting a charity concert called
Geezer Paloza.
GeezerPaloza2008.com.
At a boy, Ricky, take him, keep him busy and keep active.
Keep spending that money.
The economy needs our help.
I sure I'll just spend a lot of money.
Oh my God.
And then this says from Beasley Broadcast, Miami, Beasley, Miami Broadcast, Pirate Radio,
Licensed, and Legal.
Whoa!
Did you talk about this?
No, I just saw this.
I don't know that.
Beasley's Miami cluster is pleased to announce that through the technology of HD Radio,
Power 96 on Friday began multi-casting unique programming on its sister station,
96-2 Pirate Radio.
The HD-2 Broadcast is available for free and crystal-queer CD quality sound for those with
access to an HD Radio receiver.
Pirate Radio refers to those pesky on licensed radio stations, not on Kalinmime in that pop
up illegally overnight in the Interferable legitimate broadcast signals, taking irony
to a new level, Miami's rhythmic CHR Power 96 has introduced 96-2 Pirate Radio and HD-2
channel airing the hottest red gate, Calypso, dance hall, so what?
Soka and Roots.
What is Soka?
I don't know.
Island sounds.
With Sassy Blurred Imaging that capture the essence of Pirate Radio while abiding by
the rules.
96-2 Pirate Radio is a complete license to legal and extremely appealing era of disrespect
any reverence.
Thomas Manning, Power General Manager, commented, with the ethnic diversity in South Florida,
96-2 Pirate Radio provides a genre of entertainment that re-decapers to the core segment of the
population and as listeners in general are increasingly more vocal about music choices,
this should definitely fill a void, welcome in the South Florida community.
With South Florida being the Power Radio capital of the world, this was a natural for us
at it, Tom.
Beasley introduces Dash, but this does make any sense.
Who's Calicochi, Program Directors?
Who's like their ops manager, Program Director?
There's also great way that your people are excited about HD radio and the free choices
that are available now that includes 96-2 Pirate Radio.
He said, also, it says about Beasley broadcast Miami.
In the Miami market, Beasley's three radio stations have reduced Power 96F, what are
they called?
Power 96-Kiss Country and Sports Radio, 560 QAM, all of which broadcast with HD radio
technology available to those with access to an HD radio receiver, all five of them.
Nobody has them.
Power 96 and KISS Country Multicast sister stations.
Dash, two Power Radio and Outlaw Country formatted Gretchen 99.9 respectively that can be accessed
by tuning in HDBC radio, all it just goes on and on and on about stuff that nobody's
listening to.
There's nobody's got it.
We don't got it.
Even if we want to, we don't got it.
And talking about our crystal clear signal, that's got to be, that has to be amusing things
I've heard in a long time.
216 votes on my nifty polar about who's the cheapest of them all.
Joe Bell's got 12 votes, he'll be pleased to know George, that's probably an honor
of you.
Oh, somebody QAM, hello.
Nail.
Yes.
Good morning, sir.
When is this?
Now that the second half of the season is getting ready, I was wondering if you were going
to root for the cup.
No, I'm not.
I root for them.
And just in my review, I root for them to lose every day.
Yeah, you'll see.
You'll see they're going to go to a swoon the likes of what you've never seen.
A swan.
Lots of luck, Nail.
Yeah, you'll also luck to you.
You'll need it.
I'm not the one rooting for the Cubs.
Some people never learn their lesson.
Same old boring crap about baseball, nobody cares, there are a bunch of fools in Chicago
care and people like you.
People haven't learned their lesson.
What is it?
It's only the 15th of July.
Plenty of time for the June swoon later than usual, but it'll be you'll see.
I haven't even gotten really back to this memo about the food delivery.
I don't need to do more than three or four hours on it.
The best tower.
Yeah.
The Rodgers.
Fourth, number 5, 60 QAM.
The Fourth Leader.
And get, baby.
I'm gonna cut my balls so I can have sex with you.
Cut my balls so I can have sex with you.
I'm gonna cut my balls so I can have safe sex with you.
I'm gonna cut my balls for a no-stress trouble.
I'm gonna cut my balls so I can have sex with you.
Now I'll be free to leave without the fear of pregnancy.
Such a trapped man will stop once that I hitch up.
I'm gonna cut my balls so I can have sex with you.
Cut my balls so I hear the painings that bad.
You gotta wait as long as we're a feminine path.
Don't care if it makes my boys feel high.
I'm gonna cut my balls so I can have sex with you.
Cut my balls so I can have sex with you.
Cut my balls so I can have sex with you.
Cut my balls so I can have sex with you.
1046, 14, before 11 at 560 WQM.
Let's take a look at that schedule. Good news.
What is this on to today?
Oh.
No adjury today.
He must be on route.
Because he's doing a show tomorrow.
I see from Vegas.
Oh my god.
Maybe he'll stay there.
And I'm 30.
And Friday is doing a show the rest of the way in Vegas.
What's he doing in Vegas, Chris?
I have no idea actually.
See, when you say usually indicates that there's gonna be some answer.
Yo, I asked a couple people go to the day and they didn't know either.
Maybe he's moving there.
So anyway, Curtis is on 2-4.
Then we got the DA show 4-7.
No tummy mad dogs on vacation this week too.
Oh wait.
Oh wait.
So we got DA between 4-7.
Dolphins tonight 7-0-8.
That's that horrible.
And then 8 o'clock we got the major league all-star game.
Baseball, maybe you gotta be watching?
No.
No chance.
And then ESPN radio overnight to ensure that we start with a big...
Oh.
...for the big O.
Isn't that appropriate?
Okay.
That we have a big O for the big rock solid.
Oh.
Right.
Look at all the votes we got in that pool already man.
We might get 300 today.
220 vote who are the cheapest people in the world.
French Canadians 120.
Jews 63.
Cuban 17.
Joe Bell 16.
Adaboy Jolly Joe.
Speaking of slicing your nuts off.
Dutch 9 and Chinese 3.
You know those real sharp old-fashioned razors that they use like in barber shops to shave you with?
Mm-hmm.
And they like to shave your neck and stuff and crap.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
That's what I think ought to happen today in honor of this memo about the food delivery and stuff.
I think we ought to get Luke Abratsy and a couple of other big guys to go in that orfus drag his ass out of there
and tie him to a gurney during the show, during this show of course,
and have somebody slice his nuts off with one of those really, really super sharp razors.
Or maybe one that's not so sharp, maybe a rusty old one.
Ooh.
Winnipean more painful?
Look like tennis.
Oh, really?
Oh yeah.
We could promote it for a week, put up billboards.
And we could have Jesse Jackson do a thing about it too, or cut his nuts off.
Let's cut his nuts off.
Did you talk about that?
Yeah, of course.
What a miserable, rotten, bigoted son of a bitch, Jesse Jackson.
Michael Jackson is a pillar of society compared to him.
Slime ball, scumbucket.
How come we can say scumbucket, but we can't say because Ag you asked.
Oh, that's right.
Can we say that?
Oh no!
If you had asked, you should know you can't say that on the radio.
Just unbelievable.
Who was I just talking about?
Jesse Jackson.
Jesse Jackson, see?
I can't remember because I'm old in the scene now now, and I poop in my pants a lot.
Jesse, freaking Jackson, the Reverend Jesse Jackson, don't forget with the illegitimate kid,
and with his highly town crap, and I would like to cut his nuts off with about Obama.
You know, they're this guy, he's a piece of crap.
And I still put him on television, that's what I don't understand because the media are a bunch of horrors and they like other horrors.
Birds who have feather are co-op together, and that's your people in the media, and that look at that cow is hovering.
It's only done 159 out.
Made a little bit of a comeback, aren't you proud?
Nope.
Wait till about one o'clock and then you'll see some real, serious man.
145.77, a barrel of oil.
Do you want to buy some?
145.77.
Yeah, I got the ready.
177.
From this point moving forward, all food order to the radio station must be bought and paid for.
We can no longer receive food free of charge.
Better be, better be, better be better about.
You should take that memo, Jolly Joe, and wipe clearances as with it is what you ought to do.
Now to take a bunch of free slop from the slop for shop.
You know, the slop shop that we do some appearances there?
Right.
With Preston in his hand and those big elephants that used to like fart a lot and take big dumps in the sawdust.
That's right.
Oh my god.
What a pleasant environment that was to be showing.
The slop shop.
Better not say it though, they might be back on the air someday.
Whatever happened to him, did they put him away somewhere or what?
No, he got out.
Preston's hand, they hold him off, but let him back out.
I thought they were going to put him in a loony bin or something.
They were good at it.
And then they said, oh, that sells me serve for Jolly Joe Bell in that sell.
And wouldn't that be swell?
Like to see his big ass swell after you chopped his nuts on that.
But you would do it.
You won't say it on the air, but I bet you would do it.
Sorry, my mouth full of food.
Oh, my full of food from where?
Oh, I don't know.
It came from outside somewhere.
Oh, right.
Somebody brought this up.
No, they didn't.
You can go and get your own.
Took a little soup here.
And what about Chris?
What are you going to be doing from now on?
I guess I'll bring it to someone from home.
Back in the lunch.
Bring it to sandwich.
Now, is that going to improve your morale?
Are you going to feel better about coming to work?
The fact you got to bring your own day in food?
You know it.
Oh, sure.
Of course.
Anybody who ever even walked into a radio station, even if it was just a pee in the tea room or on the floor,
anybody who ever even walked into a radio station knows that one of the perks that everybody knows about is getting free food.
One of the great few, as a matter of fact, free food.
And this man, again, and his never-ending attempt to depress the folks inside and outside, is playing push-boss again.
No more of that.
No more of that.
Can't do it.
I think you ought to give pony tail to bring in a bunch of food.
And I'll go ask the sales department.
Ask them what?
They're going to sell some tickets.
They're going to sell some tickets.
They're going to sell some tickets.
They're going to sell some tickets.
You're waiting for us to sell restaurants so that you can get free food and talk about that because this says any food or restaurant mission on here must be tied away sales or promotion program.
Right.
This to me, I think we have hit the absolute crisis level.
I don't know.
You're not getting no.
This is like what?
They're conditioning.
Luckily they have to be here too.
Are you forgetting when they were tearing the roof or are you forgetting those days?
We don't have to pay for parking yet.
Next week.
QA in.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing, Bob?
Okay, sir.
Good.
Welcome back.
I just turned to you and didn't heard about the food thing.
What's the reasoning behind that?
The reason they let me give you one quick answer, okay?
Joel Bell is a hard ass.
I just don't even understand his angle.
I mean, you will.
Oh.
Another thing I was thinking about a way to get around it.
What about if you could give a guy a buck?
What?
Yeah.
You know, I'm just saying, here's the dollar.
I'm paying you.
Just count.
I don't know.
Ain't going to cut it.
Okay.
Second thing too.
I'm in New York because you were talking about the cover.
I saw a thing in the night we knew last night they were talking about it.
I guess I didn't see it, but I guess there was a caption over the picture that said something along the lines like the politics of fear.
And the cartoonist was defending himself saying he was actually mocking the Republicans in their fear that, you know, Obama was saying he's a crazy Muslim and so forth.
Yeah.
So there is one side of the story that it wasn't angled away kind of.
There's only one side of the story.
It's unacceptable.
It's garbage.
It's crap.
And I also wanted to thank the president for the really well-gassed question.
Okay, you're welcome.
There he is now.
First system.
There's a consumer that drives our system.
Is he into the consumer which don't have any money anymore and can't even afford to gas up anymore thanks to you and your raghead buddies?
What a miserable talk about a bastard.
Him and Jesse Jackson and Joe Bill.
Oh my God.
That would be a good contest.
By the way, a lot of people died while I was away. Tony Snow died.
Yeah.
And Michael, Dr. DeBakey died.
Right.
Brilliant brain surgeon.
Great man.
99 years old.
Sure.
But when it's something if you're like, you know, I'm probably I would think psychologically you're hoping you make it to 100.
If you get that old in the 90s, you make it to 99.
Oh, like.
I'm dying out of here.
What's that?
Who else died?
I don't know.
Not even you do.
Well, Jesse Hills, but you were out.
I was just before all my God.
Now there's one we can all have a big party.
I did almost enough to make you believe that there's a God.
Many realize that we got jolly Joe Bell or a QM and you know there's no God.
There's only.
There's no God.
That's it.
There's no God when you got Joe Bell crawling around, defecating all over the universe.
That's what he's done.
He's coming and he's taking his pants down and then a big gigantic dump all over QM.
I can smell it all the way up here.
Oh God.
Talk about beans for frickin' breakfast.
Jesus.
The best tower here in the world.
I think I'm 65.
I think you're AM.
The fourth leader.
Does the Neal Rogers work?
Oh my God.
That's the situation.
Go ahead and look at that.
Go go go.
Go go go, go go.
Any questions?
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
A golf course was seemingly haunted by a malicious, evil,
leprechaun who exploited the ambitions of the poorer players.
A popped up beside one unfortunate man who was participating in a club championship.
Look, he said, if you agree, never to court a woman, flirt with a girl or marry.
I will help you win.
Gun said the young golfer.
The leprechaun was very pleased with his conniving ways and chuckled merrily.
When the golfer was in the clubhouse being praised by the other members, the leprechaun
topped up on the shelf of the locker and said, hey, I have to have your name for my records.
What is it?
Adjusting his collar, the man replied, Father Murphy now page 2.
A man has six children and is very proud of that achievement.
So proud, in fact, he starts calling his wife Mother of Six in spite of her objections.
Well, one night they go to a party in the man's size.
It's time to go home and lunch to find out if his wife is ready to leave as well.
He shouts at the top of his lungs, shall we go now Mother of Six?
His wife finally fed up with her husband, shouts back, anytime you're ready, Father of four.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
Oh, I guess what movie I watched on a plane.
On the planes, a plane.
Based on the recommendations of some crazy people in his audience and you told me you saw it so we can discuss this intelligently.
All right, there will be blood.
I never saw that.
I thought you said you seen it.
I never heard of it.
Maybe Chris saw it.
Maybe jog with memory little.
I've heard of it.
I haven't seen it.
Daniel De Lewis, World Entrepreneur, whatever.
One of the most annoying, depressing, morbid, it's by the guy that did what's his name Paul, something Anderson, what's his name?
Whatever's name.
It didn't make no idea.
Oh, which I love.
This I hate.
I never heard of it.
And I hated it so much that on the way back I watched it again just to make sure it was as bad as I thought it was the first time.
Well, if I saw it, I completely don't remember any part of it including the title.
It's about the guy who was the oil guy.
The oil prospector back in the elite.
19th century.
No, never saw it.
Never saw it.
And about his supposed son who turns out that he just picked him off a carriage somewhere.
What do you call him?
Bastion a basket.
Bastion in a basket.
Kind of like our general manager.
Basket case, you know, well, whatever.
And the movie is just insensibly loud music, loud violence and just louder and louder to the point where I really think for the first time in my life I felt watching this I could go mad.
You know what I mean?
You were just driving insane.
And it would be one thing if the music made coincided with what was happening on screen.
Yeah, but it never did.
Huh.
Thanks for the hard work.
I'm saying.
Yeah, no.
Oh, don't, don't listen.
I beg you.
Don't do it.
And those idiots that call it oh, new, you got to see this movie.
It's from last year.
There will be blood.
It's really great right up your alley.
Right up my alley with what?
Well, wrong alley, I guess.
And you talk about a movie with no ending.
The ending is inexplicable.
inexplicable from my favorite.
It's just like, okay, well, what happened?
Besides just smashed the guy's head with the bowling pin and killed him.
And his assistant comes down.
Oh, Mr. whatever his name is.
I guess I'm done.
With whatever chore he was doing away.
And it was just oblivious to everything that was going on in front of him.
Mean and nasty, miserable bastard.
Who was, yeah, and of course some of the workers in the oil drilling they got,
fell into the thing and got killed and he didn't give a crap, you know.
And then there was of course the preacher, preacher kid.
Can't think of what his name was.
Nothing to make any difference.
Preacher kid, crazy evangelist screaming out, he's doing the exorcisms and all kinds of crap.
But don't worry, he killed him in the end anyway.
So the evil guy.
Oh, good.
Daniel.
Daniel.
Daniel proud was it proud for something?
No, I'm not proud for that.
That's an Indian name.
Don't say that.
Sorry.
I don't want to get in, you know, and lumped in with D.
Four and have people think I'm a like that.
Daniel something plain view.
I think that's the name.
Right.
It just goes on and on and it's dark.
It's really dark.
Oh, yeah.
Don't you hate that darkly filled like you like you're going.
Right.
Like you're thinking when is when is it going to be like some daylight here like something?
No, it's not.
It's like it's going into that.
It is so dark that there are scenes where the screen is just almost black.
Great.
Like you know the opening scene of Godfather of course you do.
If there's any criticism I have of that whole movie, it's the very beginning.
It's so it's shot so dark.
You can barely see anything and you can also barely hear the audio.
Am I right?
Yep.
There will be blood my ass. Well, that's what you W2A and hello. You drink by no W2A and hello.
W2A and hello. Hey Neil, that's movie. I can't live with a blockbuster and learn that crap.
I was going to call you the day that everyone called me and was complimenting it, but I'm going to open my mouth to you.
Yeah, I don't see those people calling today to give me a rebuttal about how bad it was. It was just garbage.
Garbage. The only good part was that I pre-shoot at the end with the pen. That was it, man.
Yeah, I'm going to kill them with a bowling pen. I like that. He does everything. I don't mind ruining the movie because I'll save them. I'll do them a big favor.
Yeah, so I'm the favorite man and the reviews that movie guy, and I don't understand. It was just so about two election, man.
So, yeah, so do intellectual. And even so do intellectuals with like this. I didn't have possible to like.
There was no point to it. There was no point to it. And the first 50 minutes I was turned it off because all it was was
drawing for oil, no conversation and just playing, you know, and a lot of loud music and
frantic violin music louder and louder and loud and just could drive you. Am I right? You're correct? I agree.
Thank you so much. Hey, thank you. Welcome back, Neil. Okay, thanks. Well, there you go. There's one right off the bat
because the people are called into recommend and they were all you've got to see this. You're going to love this.
I hated it. Not only that I hated it, but I watched it the second time just to be positive. I hated it that much and guess what?
I did hated it. Not as much as I hate Jolly Jovelle, but I hated it.
WDQA and hello. QA and hello. Yeah, I'm your fan.
Yeah, okay. God, very, very weak. He's got a new. Wow. I've accomplished there a bad one.
Bad. Oh my god. That started with hating that. Wow. If that's where you need to go to get your material. I'd say.
That would be a good idea. I used to wonder if there was anything lower than that. Just like Daniel's fake brother
that was in the movie too is guy showed up claiming to be his brother because he wanted to get all that money.
Wasn't really his brother. You know, we did. Oh, geez.
Well, he was a hard-ass guy. You know, he didn't take any crap from anybody and if you did cross them,
like that WQA, QAM, hello. Movies are supposed to have a story. That movie didn't have a story at all.
That's all the wrong of it. Yeah, he didn't care about any of the characters. That is correct.
That's free space and that was awesome. No country-could man was the best movie of last year. That's it.
Okay. No, it wasn't. No, watch it. You'll regret it. Really? Talk about nonending, unacceptable.
Good movie right up until it didn't end. Right up until they stopped telling you. I think maybe you ought to watch this one.
I might. If it comes on cable, I'll see I like Daniel DeLua. He's always a good actor. You know something?
There's nothing to like nothing. Really not this story because there isn't any story.
It's just about a guy who's a prospector and a crook and a money grabber and a lunatic and that's it.
It just keeps doing all these horrible, unacceptable things.
And there isn't a single character, even the kid who gets, he loses his hearing. There's an explosion in
over the ruling and he winds up losing his hearing. And so the kid goes deaf and he tries to like
get some help from him and unsuccessfully and he's having some problems. So one day he takes the
kid and gets on the train with him like they're going to go somewhere. Yeah. And then he says he
mullets the words to him. Well, I have to go talk to the conductor. I'll be right back. Stay here and he
pads him on the head and he takes off. He have bandages as kid. Lice. Which turns out not to really
have been his kid anyway. Some kid, some bastard from a basket. And then later in life they show
us, seen many years later when the kid is like, I don't know, early 20s and he's going to go to
lope, going to go to Texas with his bride to be and walks out. And the Daniel keeps screaming,
you're a bastard and a basket. Of course he can't hear him anyway. So at least he didn't hurt his
face. I need up in St. Clare. Yeah. Yeah. I'm here. I'm listening.
Space in the up in St. Clare. No oil. Yeah. That's a story. There isn't any story.
You ever hear up in St. Clare? Yeah. Did you see the movie? Yeah. Did I ever hear of up in St. Clare?
No, I heard a st. Clare Lewis. No. What are you talking about? You some kind of a war?
There is no story. What is the story? You want me to cancelize it in this phone?
Oh, you watched it. I want you to tell me where the war is. We're the movie critic.
Yeah. What's the story? Yeah. What's the story? What's the story? What is the story?
What more don't you understand? You could have already told us five times but you keep
going, all you're doing is office kidding because you know there's no story. I haven't seen the movie.
Oh yeah. What's the question? I was great.
Remember Robert to cue Lewis? Yeah. I think he was kind of up in the St. Clare. Lewis.
This corn sure is special in it. Lewis? I'm going to tell you if anybody, seriously,
if that's my challenge, I don't know if nobody all needed. If anybody can call in here and tell me
why they recommended them, will be or why they liked them, will be. I think Joe Bell ought to come
to your home and give you a whole bunch of money. Big bag of money.
Biggest name. The best challenge.
Driving Tom. It's a dangerous thing. Always the swirving. It's under the
driving like you have a drain. One hand on the phone. The driving just in my
hand. I said just hang up and drive and keep your hands off your sale.
That's not the danger. You can't talk to me. You're the most dangerous man. I've ever met
your weapon. Hey, and you're going to plot what you want because you didn't see it yet.
The IMDV, you know what the readers give? There will be blood out of 10. They give an 8.4
as one of the highest scores I've ever seen. There will be blood. There should be blood on
a hand. So anybody recommends it. Paul Thomas Anderson, that's his name. I was pretty close.
He did Magnolia, which was great. He did this, which is an abortion.
It won two Oscars, another 47 wins and 41 nominations. Daniel, they Lewis is Daniel
playing Phil and then a bunch of people that nobody ever heard of. I don't know who any of these
other people are. Kevin Berzhnehan, Jim Meskeeman, Erica Sullivan. Have you heard of these people?
No, don't write up in. Randall Carver.
Daniel, Daniel, you and I are good friends. Daniel, go back a long time, Daniel.
Oh, this is a cute story. Mormons make missionary position clear. Thanks, Brandon. We'll get to that.
I got a few more things here. A few things in my pile. What? I post a story about that calendar.
Yeah, the creator of a calendar featuring Buff Mormon missionaries has been
communicated to his punishment by local church leaders. Is that it? Yeah. Okay, well forget about that.
Thanks anyway, Brandon. Talk about it though, but I just put it in the court. Okay, just listen.
Between my trip, which I haven't even gotten to the details of yet and how much money Apoco has spent
and about the airport incidents, the one in Rome with the sniffing dogs.
You know how much I love dogs. I don't know. When dogs make a mistake, I think that the dog probably
ought to be shot or some respect real bad real hard or made to live with the Joe Bell.
I think that could be the ultimate punishment.
That'd be a good pull to take. What's worse, having your nuts cut off or being forced to live with Joe Bell
or forced to work for Joe Bell? Can you believe that we voluntarily saw... Well, that's the nature of the
business, you know? I heard Joe Rose this morning talking about newspaper. They're cutting back
everybody's making big cutbacks and by the way, thank you Mr. President for those
of low gas prices and for the great economy. Strategy. To meet the challenges of a new and dangerous
world. There's your next president whether Jesse Jackson is going to cut his nuts off or not.
You can still talk about restaurants and food on the air as it relates to legitimate show content.
So we can talk about how we wish he had hardies and South Florida. I wish I had it here.
Well, the sunny shining is not a cloud in the sky. It's beautiful. Wow, this is not a good day to
be working. It's a good day to be out in the boat. 297 votes on Chris's poll. He's getting really
all whipped up now because he's been across that 300 threshold any minute. 299. WDQA and hello.
Good morning, Neil. WDQA and hello.
How's it going to be?
I'm talking about restaurants and food.
Yes. Neil?
Speaking.
All right. A couple things I like about that movie. My brother raised about the movie.
told me I had to watch a game of the DVD to watch. So I watched it. Like you, I first thought this
is going nowhere. But the point I liked about it was the, you know, the religious part of it,
where that preacher, you know, he gets his church built from the oil money. And then, you know,
he's talking all this crap. He makes Daniel, you know, do the whole I abandon my boy thing.
And then at the end, he gets exposed to be, you know, all of a sudden.
Yeah. We need to watch it. It's a long movie, too. We need to watch two and a half hours or
three hours of all that crap to figure out that the religious notes are a bunch of hypocrites.
And we already know that.
Absolutely. Absolutely. But that's the only part I enjoy. That in the little, the time,
the little girl was being molested. And they're at the little picnic and the shot that they show him.
Hey, how do you like their new dress, honey? And that he's not going to touch you anymore.
Is he? There's no more touching going on.
No more beating. And then the camera pans over and the father sitting out of the cause from them.
I love that part. That's new about it. New.
Okay. Thanks. The 158 minutes to, I said to him in a hour. So two, two hours and 30 a minute.
And seems, it doesn't seem like a minute more than five hours, six to seven hours, 20.
I mean, it's like one of those things will this thing ever end? And is it going anywhere? Daniel?
Daniel. The guy that called earlier instead of us for pseudo intellectuals, he's right.
That must be why I got all these Oscar nominations and one two Oscars for what?
Oh, it is. God, you've got to see it. I've got to force you to see it. Maybe I'll send it to you.
It'll, I'm sure it's on cable. It will be so let's see 2007.
8.4 out of 10. And you can go to Zidians movies that you really enjoyed and they won't come anywhere near
an 8.4. And you'll say, gee, how the hell is that possible? I must be a really great flak.
Must be really fantastic. WDQA and Hello. QA and WDQA and Hello.
We're freeing. Now, okay. WDQA and Hello. Hey, me, how you doing, sir?
Okay. Did you mention that Dave LaMona is not at IOD anymore?
Yeah, just just read the facts about an hour going on.
Oh, my, so that's why many Munoz is on there. Every time I hear him, I...
Many Munoz. Yeah, I see him squatting over the map or actually just hear the bit.
Now, the second thing is, can you imagine if we did invest the social security in NEO stock market?
What could have happened there? Life is a...
I know. NEO, how did I say? And welcome back, sir.
Thank you so much. See, I'm waiting for all these people. I haven't had anybody call yet who
justified this movie. I mean, one guy tried to give me a son of an answer, but well, his brother liked
it and there were a couple of things that there was nothing to like. I didn't need to see this movie.
Did I know that religious fakers are a bunch of sharlons and the hypocrites?
We didn't need to see the movie. We didn't need to go to two hours and 38 minutes to figure that out.
Anybody with a morsel of a brain knows that already.
Paul Thomas Anderson, seem like, no, it was long. It was great. It had a story. It had a whole bunch.
All the characters had their own story. And the thing with the frogs was really unique and
it was different. It was good. I think it's underrated. I think it's a great
movie. In fact, you know something. Let's see how Magnolia, what kind of a rating that got
from me. I am the IMDB crowd. Okay. Oh. Okay, let's take a puke at it. Magnolia 1999, Paul Thomas,
Anderson with Julianne Moore. Where's the rating? Oh, 8.0. So this allegedly is a little bit better.
8.0. That's very good out of 10. But this got an 8.4. Oh, what really makes me
a macy movie that I see here? Also, I was on vacation. I don't know. I've told you that before
I vacation started. It was a name. Somebody's name. Oh, yeah. And I forgot.
By the way, I have a trouble faxing to you. I don't know if it's something wrong with it.
Oh, let me take a puke at it. It's something. It must be on your hand. Let me look.
Oh, no. It's right here. It's sleeping. I'm getting like a fast busier, something. Oh,
I'll try it again. Son your hand. I'll keep trying. What? What was it? Bobby? No. Keep looking.
Doodle now. Now Edmund. Edmund. That was it. Edmund. Who came to a bad end. And in the end of
the movie, by the way, I went to it. No, I met this. It was bizarre. I wouldn't say it's good.
About a fortune teller? Yeah, she screws up his life.
Three ever nine votes on the pool. Chris is going home now. He's got over 300. He's very,
very pleased. See him off. Yeah, he's got to go out to get lunch. He can't get any
brought in there for free. I mean, it's just another stoch man. It's just another stab in the back.
The idea that the people who work their asses off who are getting paid the least, who got very
little to look forward to in that place where the morale is nonexistent these days. Oh, you think
you're going to get those stream meals anymore? Well, forget about that. Anything we can do,
there comes the facts. Anything we can do to make you unhappy. That's your Bell's philosophy.
Lose it all costs. I'm telling you, he's got to be on the payroll across the street. Did I say
that a long time ago? Gotta be. Him and Clarence and Joyce, they must be on the payroll.
Let's see. Here's some fill in deeds. Really says I thought there will be blood was pretty good.
Much, much better than no country-for-old men, which was unbelievably overweight,
one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The last 30 minutes of no country-for-old men was
incomprehensible. Well, I would say that all of there will be blood was incomprehensible.
Here's one. It says, while you were away, the news wasn't, well, you know, who saved that
fact. It was, I was the first day on vacation and I faxed that story to you about your gay
governor and how he's engaged to a woman now. So he's got a wife and now he can run for VP and I
hope that the McCain picks him and all his ex-boyfriends come flying out of the closet.
Says, guess he's registered to Game Martin, Wilton Manners, or Bed Bath and Beyond. He's
he's a screamer. No question about that. But he's getting married now, a Charlie Christ, so
that's your proof of it to me. Did you post that? I think I posted that story. Yeah.
And I sent you this sarcastic one about, you know, he's got a, he's marrying his beard. Did you get
that stuff? Yep. Well, good. Good. And I was on vacation then and I was still working for you.
As if you believe that. It just happened to us smell it.
Traded nine votes who are the cheapest people in the world. Cheap. 316 now. French Canadians,
166. Jew 79. Joe Bell, 32, is moving into a nice third place. It was a late addition.
Cuban 17, the Dutch 13, and Chinese keep Chinese on only nine.
You turn jacked ass.
Get ready America as we got together to welcome the tennis channel.
Feel the bird. Oh yeah.
Don't miss one volley of the slam bang. Balls the wall. Live in the face of death action of the
tennis channel. Come into your television in 2002. Just announcers not responsible for making tennis
channel seem any more interesting than it really is. Consult your local cable provider on how you can
block this channel from your cable service. 1132 a.m. 28 to noon. We got the car. Who we got
Curtis for what's his name? Jerks. What's his name? Yeah. Whatever's name is. Yes. So you're
starting all these rumors that Dave Le Mans replacing him and all these other people. Why are you doing that?
Well, I try to get him. Can I know that I like it? No, I'm not going to get it.
Why not? Because I don't give a crack. Who's in that time slot?
Kind of a crappy attitude is that. Does that all think it makes it that moron?
Because it's because we work for a butcher. How about we put a sign on the door down there on the
front door? Joe Bell's butcher shop. He's a real cut up. Something like that. Anyway, I found a
review. B side blog. I mean, I'm sure that there's a zoom in. I could look on the reviews on
IMDV and all the students will say, oh, this is the most brilliant piece of filmmaking. We know
how that goes. So anyway, whoever writes this blog says since it's both raining in the end of
the week, I decided to treat myself to an afternoon reviewing of the film that many critics are
happily plopping on their top 10 lists of like a bucket full of sweet, sweet kudo oil.
And he's talking about there will be blood, but a beep, but a boop, and then I try to print this
out and it didn't print out. And you know what? That's good.
But I'm more than willing to listen. Maybe I'm just too stupid to understand. Maybe I'm just a
fat old slob. Yeah, I understand all these great intellectual pieces. Well, you like that.
Golly. It must have been over my head, though. This one, there will be blood. And there should be
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. WDQ way in. Hello.
Yes. Hi, Uncle Neil. Yes. Hi, Uncle Neil. Uncle Neil, I just want to thank you.
Can you say Uncle Neil one more time? Come to your house and blow your brains out if we can find him.
What do you want? I just want to take a lovely president for the economy. Okay, great. WDQ way in. Hello.
The go ahead and get him. Okay, okay. Good. Oh, in fact, that's what I felt like yesterday in
the airport. I didn't get to any of these stories yet. Though, maybe I'll save him for Thursday.
They'll make us wait. Why not? Why is it that old dikes are so nasty? Is it because their life
is so miserable and hateful and full of crowd? This old dike at the immigration yesterday at the
Pearson airport. She was the nastiest bitch who was ever stepped foot on a face of the earth.
She held me up there for like at least half an hour. I told her I said, you're treating me like
Al Capone or the godfather or something. What, you know, what is the problem? Wow, I'm going to meet
that woman. She kept, she kept fiddling with my passport and flipping through the pages and
flipping through and, well, how come you were a little part of the time at Toronto like I were her
explanation? And I said because I like it. Oh, I better meet that woman. And then of course,
we went through the customs thing with the, with the baggage of her where they opened up every one
of the bags and went through area where I just insanity. And the worst part of it is that I declared
all that merchandise that Paco bought in the room. I declared all of it. Thank God. I would be here
right now. I guarantee you. We probably declared and they would write up those two cases.
They were going to worry to all you people. I think you're going to like do like a columbabush routine
and smuggle goods into the West or into Canada. I don't know how it is in the US, but if you try to
sneak goods into here, forget about it. They'll kill you.
WDQA in. Hello.
Any idea how you do? Okay.
I don't know if you saw it already, but I'd learned to move you at a night. It was not untraceable.
No, didn't see it. It was pretty good. It's kind of like, it was like a son's little lamb's kind of thing.
Okay. Did you see that we'll be blood? No, I haven't. Don't.
What's the meal deal this week?
Japan go.
That's how quick George is. He's getting a free food.
I'm not sure if I'm just going to say this guy. He just, you know, he just won.
Well, he's a smart ass and a crag for one thing.
And he said something that we're not allowed to say for another thing.
Just now he said? Yeah, you sort of talked over him. He didn't pay any attention, but it got out there.
I don't believe him. How do you like that? Even the people that say he can lose it.
He did. He sent a little bit of lucid when he first started a little bit.
Maybe something happened. Maybe somebody peed on the tower on the phone system.
Because I noticed today that technically I'm not talking about the quality of the calls in terms of content.
That would be a joke. But technically they saw much better than they. Have you noticed that?
Okay. I don't know. Maybe just because you haven't heard them in a long time.
Oh, yeah. I missed it. Bad.
I know.
Deputy QA and hello.
They are. Yeah.
I heard you had quite a long time.
I remember that.
Deputy QA and hello. That's another one of the Affinity British acts.
That's the boyfriend.
Deputy QA and hello.
Yeah, do you have any kids?
I beg your pardon?
You have any children?
No, I do not.
What do you got?
What do you got?
You should have some. You might like it.
No, I wouldn't like it.
That was it. That was it. That was the essence of the call.
I don't want none.
I got one unofficially.
I don't know how to adopt them, but close to it.
230 votes on the poll. What are we shooting for?
500 and then you think?
I think about that. Maybe L525.
Don't start.
When you stop, what is wrong with you, man?
It's a little crazy.
Jesus. God, I think the fat is like a just congealing in your neck.
Cutting off the circulation wherever that brain is supposed to be.
I give you like a nice, a nice good number that you can be proud of.
You can take to the bank.
If the bank is still in business.
Nobody QA and hello.
That movie Robin Loved it, Howard Loved it, and already didn't.
Who cares?
Oh yeah. Howard Loved it.
Well, that means it must have been great.
If Howard Loved it, when you think?
It's official.
Yeah.
Why didn't I think of that first?
I should have just asked what it Howard think about.
If that would know, it was really great.
I just don't get it.
And you notice that there is nobody.
Nobody, not one after all.
And there must have been a half a dozen people that day.
I don't know what it must have been a conspiracy.
And that's the only reason I watched it on the plane.
There's a choice of like about 50 movies.
And I picked that one out because I thought,
well, everybody's raven about this.
It must be great.
And it's by a Paul Thomas Anderson that ignored you.
It must be fabulous.
It's suck.
It blew.
WQA, hello.
Little.
Yes.
This is what I got for you.
QAM, hello.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
And none of those people are calling it back now.
There is, you know, middle of July.
They might be on vacation.
I doubt it though.
Anybody that was calling in this show,
raven about that movie.
And you know something?
They don't have the balls to defend it.
Maybe somebody sliced their balls off.
Like we're going to do the jolly joe bell.
Maybe somebody cut their nuts off.
Like Jesse Jackson wants to do a Obama.
Yeah.
WQA, hello.
I knew.
Yes.
I have to see.
Through that whole movie.
And it was the worst movie I've ever seen.
That one says the worst, but it's right in there.
It's in the running.
It's right up there, but I got a couple of suggestions
since I have so many good movies from you.
Including happiness.
One of my favorite of all times.
Pervert.
He's like, give me a good word of advice.
I'm listening.
In the bedroom, it's a great movie.
We have some.
In the bedroom.
In the bedroom, man.
With some Wilkinsons.
This is basic.
Marisa Tom is in it.
It's a great, great, great movie.
I loved it.
Another one that's out there on the cable TV is Eastern promises.
Okay.
It's a great movie.
This is especially you're going to like the part where
let's try to kill the guy in a fat house.
And you get to see a lot of skin in there.
It's a very good body.
Okay.
I'll go watch it now.
Thanks.
Let's go watch it, George.
And forget the show, huh?
Oh, go ahead.
Honkestown and NATO to secure the border
to take out terrorist camps.
There's a nice president, but just he's still.
He's got he's sharpened up that knife.
Trust me.
He's got to cut his nuts off.
I'm the biggest name.
The best talent.
He's a lot of sports.
He's a 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
She fakes orgasms.
I fake four-plac.
So American Airlines will start charging people.
$15 for just one check bag.
Travel experts say you can avoid defeat
if you lose your own bag.
You paid.
How much would you pay?
Trust me.
He'll make you pay.
Hey, I'm not paying.
You're a cold potty.
It's like a subway train.
It's a vacuum tank.
People get no break.
They'll be charging you.
I have a lot of baggage.
Yeah, that's her name.
Sure.
It's $1.45 a QAM.
I find it, well, I guess I could find a lot of them.
Skiing review of this horrible.
There will be blood.
And you know, you get these blogs
and there's really no name associated with any of them.
And this guy doesn't like Paul Thomas Anderson
which he did Boogie Night City to make
know you how can not like those movies.
So he does a straight just watch it together the other day.
Really?
Yeah.
But anyway, this guy doesn't like him in the first place.
But he says
that in spite of the fact he can't stand him,
he read the positive reviews which almost unanimous
and he decided to go see it.
He said, although I had my reservation seeing
as I hate the directors of the work,
I want to see this movie wanting to like it
is I love the time and setting in which it takes place.
I should trust it by initial instincts.
The movie should have been titled,
there will be snores and I heard a fair share of snoring
in the theater I was in.
There are many problems that play this marathon long film.
The first and most annoying is the music by Radiohead's
Johnny Greenwood.
Film music is supposed to underscore movie's dramatic beats.
But Greenwood's score tries too hard and proves
upon the film drawing attention to itself
like a hooker in a church choir.
Loud and loud.
It just so you really feel like you're going to lose your mind.
And you're watching the screen and thinking,
well, why is it what's happening that's so melodramatic?
You know what I mean?
And you know what the answer is?
Nothing.
Kind of like our numbers at night.
Oh, point.
Oh, nothing.
Another problem the movie suffers from is Paul Thomas Anderson's
overuse of long tracking shots that follow the characters around.
Use sparingly the types of shots can be effective
in creating a dramatic result.
But when overused as in this movie,
they lose their meaning and only serve to slow down the pace
and draw it in already overlong movie.
Oh, God, overlongers have come close to describing it.
The movie blood is not as some critics have suggested the new citizen
can.
It may however be the new empire.
1964 directed by Andy Warhol.
To audiences having to sit through this newsfest,
to sum it up, the movie had 158 minutes as long and boring.
The pacing is slow, the directing is pompous and bombastic.
The music is grating and intruding.
And the critics have either been paid off
or Paul Thomas Anderson nut huggers.
You'd be better off watching the episode
Hellfire from the first season of Maghiver.
He says whoever here.
How do you like that?
Although I guess he didn't like it, huh?
Yes, the wrecking.
354 and at Paul by the way,
Chris is just whipped up.
He thinks we're going to do at least about 2,000-3,000 today.
5,670560, I wasn't really expecting you to answer.
And pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
I don't want to overwork you because now that you can't eat.
So what's the deal?
Are you actually brown bagging it?
Are you bringing in food from home or not?
Not as via, but I will.
Not yet.
Well, you better get in the habit.
You're going to like fade away.
You got to play that by buddy Holly.
Not fade away.
All right now.
No, some day.
Not now.
All right.
How many QA and hello?
Hello?
Yes.
Are you doing Neil?
Okay.
Just tune in and you guys start about that.
You've got to be talking about that hand talk, I guess, right?
Hey, Bob.
Will you guys say in a bad movie, this hand talk?
There will be blood.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Well, let me warn you.
Hand talk is probably the worst movie of all time.
And we'll Smith to find actor.
I don't know what he was thinking.
What do I do?
I don't like Will Smith.
I don't want to see him.
I don't want to know him.
I don't want to smell him.
He makes my skin crawl.
I can't stand Will Smith.
He's so full of himself that the thing he's got some talent,
which he is not.
Now, what's that movie?
He said, don't see for me hand talk.
Right.
5607.0560 pound.
Why, what does that have to do with this movie?
I'm talking about the film.
The day that I left on vacation,
everybody in their brother's
raving, oh, there will be blood there.
You're going to love it.
You're going to, and I'm still waiting for one.
Just one person to tell me what was so good about it.
Was it the acting?
No.
Was it the filming?
No.
Was it the music?
Oh, my God.
Music that could drive you to commit suicide.
I want to jump off the freaking plane.
Horrible.
I'm going to, I won't go to do it.
I'm going to go out and buy the soundtrack.
I am.
Do that.
Why not?
Oh, you got it?
No, I can get it.
Well, give it.
Got as fast as you could go buy it.
And especially the violin music,
just louder and louder and more and more
frantic and just to a fever pitch.
And there's nothing happening on the screen.
They're writing their horses.
They're going here.
They're going there.
Nothing is going on.
WDQA and hello.
Shame on Charlie Joe Bell.
Shame on him.
Find that fucking office they are.
Right.
You know what I mean?
If the police guys, these guys have,
you know what I mean?
They're going to do their jobs.
If they're not here,
I just think shame on them.
Shame on you, Charlie Joe.
Good job, Palli.
Shame on you, Joe Bell.
You lunatic, you maniac.
You slime ball.
You heartless piece of walking turd, you.
God.
And this guy made a good point.
Times are tough.
And guys that are making like, you know,
three bucks an hour, whatever he's paying the higher,
you know, the underlings.
Then it was like a nice bonus for them.
In fact, well, at least they don't have to spend money
to eat half the time.
They can eat lunch for free every day.
Right?
Yeah.
It was the one everybody did.
There was somebody in, you know, it.
And it's been going on.
It's not like I invented a joke.
It's been going on since day one.
Okay.
I can think way back to INZ for Christ's
weeks where you're getting a free food in the building.
Way to help back to that.
In fact, WS News.
Why don't I have to go to INZ?
Way back to WS News.
Back to those days.
78 AD as they're in years ago.
And people were bringing food.
We were, you know, given credit on here.
Was there any problem with it?
No.
Anybody have a nervous crap about it?
Oh.
No.
Only Jolly Joel Bell who has a nervous crap
about everything.
Anything that anybody might enjoy.
Oh, you can't do that.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, can't do this.
Can't say that.
You got to admit, he has performed a major miracle
in two and a half years.
He has taken a station and turned it into a
gigantic toilet.
Stations at Routine.
He had four or five six years in man.
Now we got day parts where we got point.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
And he's worried about people eating food.
Getting free food.
When you think he'd want to like encourage people to get fed for free
and want to be incentives to show up for work,
which a lot of people don't have to tell him
to tell me almost nobody showed up yesterday.
He was in the free food holiday.
Yeah, I did go.
He was at a Contor State De Julio.
And I've never got the memo.
Every QAM, hello.
I'm a victim.
QAM, hello.
Neil?
Yes.
How are you?
I'm good. How are you?
Good, good, Neil.
Is my money safe at the bank?
Do you say?
No, send it to me.
I'll take care of it.
WQA and hello.
Neil, how are you this morning?
Okay. How are you, sir?
I'm doing very fine.
Thank you.
I just want to call and let you know that
Laura Kent is in the paper again today.
He was representing a homeless guy
street vendor up there at the bar.
No, it passed away.
And he was in the paper last week
with a Frank Adderley,
the police chief who was
lifeless chasing around,
Tyler DeGone.
So apparently he missed you
and he had nothing else to do
while you're out of town.
Okay, well thanks to the normal report.
Okay, then number two asked me if I care.
Although he'd normally did send me
a pretty interesting story.
Alabama's anti-gay attorney general
caught in bed with a male aide.
You getting the drift of that?
The gist of it?
The what?
Just, oh.
It says, okay, who said the following?
The existence of the gay lesbian alliance on this campus
is in front of the state of Alabama.
It's citizenry this university and its students.
Currently, AIDS is the most behavior oriented disease
known to mankind.
If this nation's current purveyors of
perversion will be framed from committing
sodomy,
then questionably would be
spared the ravages of this disease.
It is indeed sad that
America's fallen to the frontward
shield condone any type of deviant
immoral activity in which you move
desires to participate.
I often hear the argument that homosexuals
live together create a loving,
caring family environment.
Perhaps an environment which is even
superior to that which can be provided
by a heterosexual couple.
In this day of rapid decadence,
many homosexuals have misled
society into believing that three men
and Armadillo to a house plan
create a functional family.
If you guessed that it was said by
Troy King Attorney General,
Alabama, give yourself a cigar.
That would be the same
Troy King within the last couple,
which no exact date available
was cut by his wife Paige in bed with a
male aide.
In fact, a former homecoming king
from kings under graduate days
at Troy University and subsequently
through another couple's house.
Of course, King is best known to readers
of this.
This is AVN, the AVN media network.
Readers is the current defendant,
retailer Sherry Williams fight to
legalize the sale of obscene devices
and del novelties whose purposes
sexual simulation.
The case has been before trial court
three times.
He's loved and served in court of appeals twice
and was recently rejected for
Surty Rower by the West Supreme Court.
Williams case will also be the subject
of a segment on ABC 2020 Friday night.
Is that this Friday or last Friday?
This says no.
Oh yeah, it does.
It's this Friday.
Good.
I don't know Troy King anymore than having
set across the table from during appeals
to Williams Williams,
so AVN today.
But in my experience, it's the guys
who are the guiltiest that prosecute
the hardest.
He's the hardest.
How do you like that?
And what about our governor?
Well, he got hit.
Now did he get married or is he
getting married or what's the deal?
I sure hope he doesn't just in time
from a came to a pick him.
I think that's how he'll be a great pick.
Oh, sure.
That makes you hear.
And by the way, on this, it's noon already.
Has there been one of those people
who are recommended that I waste now
hour two hours and 30 minutes of my life
watching that piece of crap
is one of them called in
and told me what they liked about it
and why they recommended it.
Oh, it's so good about it.
Like at all those awards,
all the hype,
all the crap.
No.
And it won't be.
WQA and hello.
This is the second notice
that the factory went in on your vehicle.
WQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Why can't I hear spigs of them
for my president?
I mean, he should have.
Yeah.
Huh?
Yeah.
Huh?
WQA and hello.
Uh, this meal?
Yes.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
I'm doing.
All right.
So, um, I will agree with you
that there will be blood
as quite a ponderous movie.
Uh-huh.
But.
Hello.
Yes.
I found the ending very humorous.
When you have an actor who's back
he has to the camera
and the only thing he says is,
up finished.
And then you need credit.
That was comical to me.
It was comical.
I just wasted two hours
and 38 minutes of your life
and there was no ending.
Well, you know, I,
I thought it was a good ending
and I was a good ending.
I like the film.
But, you know, I just thought
it was funny the way it ended.
And when what did it tell you
when he said I'm finished?
What did that mean?
All right.
I took it literally.
I was like, okay, good.
The movie's over.
I just thought it was funny.
I mean, it also lived up to its name.
There was a lot of blood in the movie.
Yeah.
But, uh, you know,
just throw all my two tints out there.
Glad to have you back, Neil.
Thank you so much.
Wow.
It goes to show you, man.
We're in real, real tough times.
There's two cents.
We're more than about a tenth of a cent
to me.
We're thinking, you.
I hate children.
You're right.
I'm finished.
And then the movie was finished.
And he's laying there on the floor,
drunken past out.
After he beat the crap out of that
preacher and
bags him in the head with a boring pin.
And all the big pool of blood is
laying there on a bowling alley.
I'm finished.
That's it.
And you're asking yourself, uh,
did I miss something?
I mean, what does that mean?
What does it mean?
You've got to see it.
I think I'm going to send it to you.
Ooh.
But I'm going to send it to you.
I'm going to send it from what you call
.ca.
Okay.
Amazon.
Okay.
I'll never get it.
Say you'll never get it.
Three minutes to noon at 560 WQM.
Another great Neil deal offer coming up on
Thursday.
Another chance to buy certificates at
half price.
This week it's Japan go restaurant
Parkland.
It's hip.
It's a party and a culinary delight.
Japan go is Asian cuisine and it's very
best.
Sushi tie a little Chinese and fusion
flavors that are unreal.
The sushi is incredibly creative
under the ordinary and delicious.
The kitchen flows with food for the
non sushi lovers too with dishes like
pad Thai, charred red sea bass or
sheep and scallops with noodles.
From meat lovers, Japan goes about a
great 14 ounce strip steak.
Drizzle the teriyaki with crisp
shallots that too could be true.
Further Mongolian beef, shrimp or chicken
with Japan goes signature fried rice
and the lobster dishes are incredible as well.
Plus Japan goes got a full new liquor
large for late night dining, drinking
and dancing.
Japan go on stay road 7 just north
Ailsboro Boulevard in Parkland.
Call 9 5 4 3 4 5 4 2 6 3 and
starting on Thursday noon you'll be
able to buy 50 dollars certificates
for just 25 bucks at WQM.com.
This old out fast last time I'm sure
they will again.
So be ready and primed on Thursday
noon because once they're gone,
they're just gone.
The best out of the world is
the fastest sportly the 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Here are it beat at 12 to 1 hour on WQM.
The third leader is the fastest
Angelina Jolie is close to giving
birth. The 33 year old star has gone
into the hospital in the south of
France where she's expected to
live her twins.
Angelina, which are you going to
have a C-section or natural childbirth?
Yes.
Yes to which one?
It's just a bizarre design.
Any kind of yeah.
Huh?
I think I'm still kind of
a...
I'm not like over.
Okay.
I'll make it simple.
Yes or no?
Are you going to have a C-section?
I'm just done.
That's right.
That's kind of thing.
Okay.
I'll make it even easier.
If you're going to have a C-section,
tap your left foot.
No, no, no.
Tap either of your feet or
or arms.
It's my...
I actually am.
I've gotten...
Look at the faces.
Angelina, try to focus.
And the most are last
me. It'll last like 20 minutes and then
you know...
Super.
I'm going to get a focus again.
Angelina, you make
Jessica Simpson look like a
freaking Einstein.
Yeah, Brad said that to me too.
I've gotten this...
I get hysterical now.
I have to...
1202 at 560 WM.
Don't forget Curtis Firrad.
What's his name?
Jerks or two.
I'm forgetting his name already.
It's your fault.
As always, I'm already gone.
Oh, and hang on for a second.
Jessica, I'm going to give my wing
you. I just moved one.
Really?
How about that?
Yeah, that's okay.
We'll play some more.
I think we'll be able to jerk again.
Yeah, feel for about the 10 seconds.
I'm gonna cut my balls.
So I can have sex with you.
Cut my balls.
So I can have sex with you.
I'm gonna...
I was kind of right there, but
you still let that.
All right.
49 seconds, I nuke my wini.
Mmm, nice and hot.
Now, I printed out...
Oh, geez, I just spit all over the
page.
Oh, not good.
I printed out somebody to give it a 10.
This is horrible flick.
Yeah.
One moment, please.
Sure.
Stunning, says this idiot.
This is an intellectual idiot.
This film races the game for everyone out there.
I've loved all of Paul Thomas Anderson's work,
including his greatly underrated punch-strong love.
But this is a hugely from any of the previous movies
into a realm, as others have said,
inhabited by classics such as the treasure of the Aceria,
Magre and then some.
Every element of this film is astonishing
from the opening 20 minutes which featured for
a virtually no dialogue.
That's correct.
To Johnny Greenwood's score, which I've heard
criticized, is too imposing, but which just
seems about perfect to me.
And brings to mind the non-blue Daniel
elements of 2001 at its most experimental.
Daniel Day Lewis's performance is in a league of its own.
His voice, his mannerisms, his physical movement,
his studded emotions are flesh and blood and
hauntingly so, in a way that even timelyly
joins in the Valley of Ila, which I thought
was a pretty staggering performance,
can't quite attain, he says.
I will watch this film again and again,
simply because he's something so raw and so moving
and so gut-wrenching.
This is why I love movies.
This is what made me want to make movies
when I was 14 years old, says this schmuck.
How you like that?
I just might not be smart enough to understand it.
That could be.
But I was smart enough to be able to nuke my weenie though.
5670560, pound 5660, and the Verizon's
singular wireless line.
He's eating on the area and ain't no love.
I don't have to give a plug to anybody because nobody
brought it in, no restaurant, nobody.
I bought it in the store of my own money.
Is that okay?
Yeah, good, that's what it's supposed to be.
Go check those fat ass jolly joins here if it's okay if I nuke my weenie.
And eat it on the air.
WQAM, our only call.
Oh, Neil.
Yeah.
It's a my weenie.
That's it.
I shouldn't let you play some music.
What are you in the mood for?
What was that buddy, Holly one?
Not fade away.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, please.
Speaking.
Neil, do you like broke back mountain?
Because you're a geeze.
I don't have a geeze.
Oh, that's a shock, oh.
Can I hate it the movie by the way?
I never finished it.
It's sucked.
But you obviously watched it and probably loved it.
You're a geeze.
Good material pal.
WQAM, hello.
Is that the least at home?
Yes, I am.
WQAM, hello.
That must be it, yeah.
The whisperer again.
Well, you notice he's back with different,
a whole different technique now.
Well, that's good.
Is it?
Let's put it in the same thing over it over again.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, god, how are you sir?
Okay.
I did the same thing you did.
I watched the movie twice.
Hated it the first time.
And I gotta say I saw a little bit more in it the second time around.
You had to love where he knocked Eli over the head with that bow and pen.
I mean, not a bad, realistic guy getting that right where he deserved it.
That wasn't too bad, was it sir?
Yeah.
But what did it mean?
What was the point?
It had, though,
he had this uncontrollable temper and was a lunatic and grave robber.
And then I have bastard out there, which we start to turn half hours of that.
It was two and a half hours and it had, it was no story,
but it made an impact and you're talking about it.
So it must be a...
I'm only talking about it because all these people called and recommended that I watch it.
And not a single one of them is called to it and to try to tell me what it is that I missed.
Why they enjoyed it.
Oh, people don't.
They're not recommended it.
Oh, you ought to take a bow and pen and knock them off.
Right.
That's right.
But I'll work on it.
Also, Neil, on our governor of Nality's not going to be picked to run for Vice President.
I'm sure you know that.
I'm sure you know that.
That broad.
Well, he's gay.
You know, and that's all for show.
Yeah.
Don't you think?
So I don't know he's not going to be picked.
Why do you think he's getting married?
Well, that's why he was proposed.
No, okay.
I had a pretty sharp guide when he think, as a tack.
389 on your whole crest.
You got 400 licked.
All right.
Yeah.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Welcome back.
Thank you so much.
You're only the second person that said that all all day so far.
Yeah, but somehow it continues spreading their legs, spreading their arms.
Arms.
Yeah.
Two things.
Uh, what's up with Obama's wife?
Oh, that is what I got.
She's not one of the, she's not up to it.
Yeah.
Do you think she's got what it takes to bribe her sleep?
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
Hey, I got a question that I've been listening to you for a long time.
And aside from the movie fat, so there's really a lot of comedies
that you seem to either like or discuss.
Are you like blazing the saddles?
All right.
There's one I've never heard you talk about.
Yeah.
So just a bit of just in general, comedy is not your bag.
I mean, what's, if you find a strange thing, I mean, a godfather and a
mental and all these other movies that, you know,
yeah, I mean, the serious place.
I don't watch a lot of comedies because most of them aren't funny.
Yeah, but ironic for a guy who basically does humor, you know,
I find it ironic.
Okay.
I just understand the other day.
That's all.
Okay.
Thanks.
Bye.
I'm an ironic kind of guy, I guess.
You find that ironic?
Yeah, sure, that's the word.
No, how many good comedies are there?
How many great comedies you talk about hair played and you talk about
hair?
One of my all-time favorite Hollywood-appropriately good ones.
Right.
And a good comedy is difficult to make you like the money pie on movies.
You like all the comedies?
Right.
That's correct.
I won't even criticize your taste.
Comedy.
Strings.
Just in other movies.
Some, I am going to send this to you.
I'm now, you must watch this.
Okay.
By the way, I don't know if you've gotten them yet, but I said 10,000 BC and
some of the movie or two that some ladies say.
Oh, yeah, I did get them.
Okay.
Here's Susan Brown wants to sell me some lymphophenus soda stuff pills.
Yeah?
They're the, I'm just discovering at this late stage of life that there must be
just millions and millions of guys in America out there who have lymphophenus problems.
Apparently.
Because every single day I'm getting its viagra at Seattle, it's all this other crap.
And are people really buying this crap?
I'm working.
But only because these people are in business.
Susan Brown, Susan Elizabeth Taylor won a bitch use of that name.
Not a bitch that'll like the one in the airport if the customs.
How to stalk her, how to find out where she is, who she is and where she is,
and just stalk her and hire somebody like make her life a living hell.
And you want to know why people in the airport behave that way?
Why?
Because they can.
It's a power trip because they can make your life miserable.
They can shake you down.
They can like terrorize you.
They're the terrorists, not the people that are coming in most of us.
It's the people behind the counter who they're the damn terrorists.
How about you QAIM?
How's that?
How about you QAIM?
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Wow, the lot women at.
How about you QAIM?
Hello.
They do it right.
Yes.
I enjoyed boogie knife and I enjoyed a magnolia but I thought that last one was terrible.
I agree with you.
It was boring.
It was pointless.
Made no sense.
I don't know what it was.
A lot of music though.
It was terrible movies though.
I mean, made no sense at all.
I had no clue what was going on with warriors trying to slay.
Nothing.
It was just ridiculous.
Yeah, well, I'm waiting for somebody to explain to me what was the message that we missed.
I've only missed it too.
Well, that book was written by
Norton.
I think this guy's name.
Yeah, Ed Norton.
I don't know what that name was.
Norton, I think his name was in wrote the book.
But I don't think it was anything like the book.
I think he just went off and all was old.
Okay, thanks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60.
None of the, now one of those people who called for me to waste two and a half hours of my day.
Of course, I was sitting there on a plane.
It's not like I went to a movie place to see it.
I was a captive audience here on a plane.
And it's an experience.
I will say that as an experience when the music keeps getting louder and louder
and so loud that you think like your brain is going to explode, you know,
like that.
And nothing happens.
Nothing happens.
WDQAM, hello.
Nail.
Yes.
You can't win with a black quarterback.
Maybe we should.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
Can't I'm wrong?
Where he sounds rough today, don't he?
He's been desperate.
I haven't spoken to him a long time.
What's his name?
Hey, where is the white women?
This is an artist.
Swatly to 5.
62 AM.
The fourth leader.
Dumb as dirt.
How well has anybody heard?
A father murdered.
A father murdered.
With burglary and dirt.
A well a father murdered.
With burglary and dirt.
A well a father murdered.
A father murdered.
A father murdered.
A father murdered.
I heard.
With burglary and dirt.
A father murdered.
Was burglary and dirt.
Fother mill.
Was burglary and dirt.
Was burglary and dirt.
Fother mill gnged.
Was burglary and dirt.
Fother mill towed.
Fother milled.
Was burglary and dirt.
Well, don't you know.
A father murdered.
While he was all ..
..he was the main ...
..and burglary and dirt.
Of a ..
..but the mother murdered...
...was burglary and dirt.
That's what I heard.
OT.
I left my dress ...
..for The Lord.
I made money, will it write it into a teary pocket?
Nan..
Motherbird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird,
bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird,
bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird.
down I plan to take it like a nap, you know, and I woke up a quarter
to eight this morning. Very good. It is good. Although I could use
another few hours. Yeah, I'll bet. Slined British women were facing
prostitution charges after being arrested at the weekend for taking part in an
oral sex competition in the Greek holiday island of Zacchaean Thos police
said today. Six British and six week men including two bar owners were also
charged in the incident, which took place in Lagannas Beach in the south of the
Ionian island, which lies off the west coast of mainland Greece, Polis Bessan.
The women who came to the popular resort on a holiday and then paid to take part in the competition,
which was video recording was to be posted on the internet police said.
Men were charged with encouraging obscene behavior. In recent years,
Lagannas has established himself as one of Greece's most popular destination itself.
Vistoneses for twenty-something holiday makers is known for its wild party scene.
Around fifteen million people, a fifth of them British, visit the Eastern Mediterranean
country, a year drawn by its searing summer temperatures,
Asia waters in sandy beaches and lots obviously of oral sex.
I thought they were in the Greek.
Is what I thought? Yeah. 400 votes on the fuller's old John McCain.
It's by applying the tried and true press he called puffed up there like he's got a bowling ball
in it or something. 400 votes who are the cheapest people in the world, French Canadians 195.
In other words, frogs, Jews, 100, 6, Joe Bell 47, a nice,
comfortable third place Joe. They're never going to touch you and who would want to.
Now when did you, Cubans 25, Dutch 15, and Chinese on 12?
When did you have this meeting when you signed your deal?
I believe it was last Thursday.
Yes. So just recent Thursday.
That would be. And this was after the memo came out about the food?
Yes. And did you have a discussion about that and say what kind of a bastard are you?
Yes. And they said a downright dirty bastard.
Seriously, do you question his judgment there?
I didn't question his judgment. I asked what it was all about.
His judgment, his adjustment. I asked what it was all about and he told me.
And you told him why? You told him I knew I'm business?
No, he told me that they were just going a little bit too far of late and it was
annoying for a while and they went over the top on one particular day and he decided to
put it into it no more. What does that have to do with us?
Well, they can't just say that the first team is the earth first.
Sure they can if they're the ones who listen to somebody's driving a hundred miles an hour
on a highway and you're going 65. Do you get a ticket? Do they arrest your ass?
And Florida, yeah.
WDQA and hello.
Sounds really bad. I think another week he'll be done.
Doesn't he sound bad? Noted bad enough.
Aren't you worried about him?
I'm worried that he's telling me why.
What do we ever do without that?
Be happier?
5, 6, 7, 0, without Joe Belly would be a lot happier. I'm telling you right now.
He's the evil door. He's the cheater in the wood pile. Believe me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
WDQA and hello.
QA and hello.
Hey, welcome back my lord and baby.
Yes sir.
How are you doing? I sound like over in Greece there.
They were getting a bunch of smoothies.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Welcome back.
Welcome back.
Welcome back.
Oh yeah, I'm here.
He was pretty funny.
Not.
You know what's how he tickled himself when he said that.
Yeah we ate it.
And you're the one that started on my crap with a smoothie garbage.
Not me. That was bokeh.
Was not.
Trust me.
Who's you?
Why, what do you mean?
Well, bokeh on what?
With all the smoothness?
Bokeh on acid?
Yeah that.
WDQA and hello.
Hi to the wrong.
He's this by the way is downstairs.
He's packaged downstairs.
Bokeh's he just relaxed.
I wasn't going to go go down and get it now.
Because I got the one from last week when I wasn't even here.
You know the one it's got.
I'm going to.
That's my ball.
So I can have that one on it.
I like that.
Oh yeah.
Maybe we'll just play that until two o'clock.
Sounds like a winner to me.
That would have been uh, I dig the jacks.
That's one of my favorites.
QA and hello.
WDQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Guess who was on uh, uh,
sporting USA and I and I actually tormented him a little bit.
Uh, mole Howard.
No.
Yeah, man.
To do to do.
Yeah.
He was there and I and I uh,
why I'm the infamous bullfighting guy.
So I was always messing around with him on that and.
So he didn't like that and then I finally mentioned your name and he had a bokeh.
You he's doing a show on there?
He he's trying to get a job is what I what I hear.
He's trying to get a job there and he like told me when when one of the idiots,
one of those guys there misses and he does, you know,
but I happen to just catch him on the internet and uh,
you know, clicked in there and he was talking so I called the patient.
So yeah, so so he did he give it even one.
To to to to.
So I he didn't do anything.
I was trying to get him to like get him around up with, you know,
talking about you, but he hung up as soon as I mentioned your name.
I'll be damned.
Yeah.
I'll cross on your regards.
I want to talk to him again.
Okay, I'm crushed.
You're my big big kiss from me right on the old rectum pole.
409 and a full I think 500 is within our grasp.
I think I picked a reasonable number.
It's only 1223.
How do I was that possible?
That's not possible.
You know, I can't have done this for a while.
Four hours just it's too long.
If I tell Joe Bell when you renegotiate that deal when you come,
you change your mind.
Right.
But you want to start now doing move to every day even on the days when I do tend to know.
What's wrong with that?
A lot.
Not for any extra money though.
Yeah.
I mean, you're there anyway, right?
Sure.
Yeah.
WQAM.
Hello.
How are you?
QAM.
Hello.
I need a doctor.
QAM.
Hello.
Yeah, good afternoon.
The long time I've been listening since about 9099.
Good afternoon, sir.
Good afternoon.
Listen, I just told you in on maybe a couple of minutes ago,
were you saying do that Eli Wallick,
but some of my movie is talking about?
No.
OK, I'm sorry.
I just want to make sure because if it was, I mean,
nothing else going to see that movie anyways.
There's very few movies, especially in that genre of horror,
because you know, there's just not good anymore.
Movies just aren't good.
That's the way it is.
I wasn't going to see it anyways.
But if you want to come over with Eli Wallick,
because I was under that impression,
it would have been worse.
Two hours of thing is just watching the knock over the head,
because that guy is the worst.
Yes, I agree with that.
Daniel DeLewis is a good actor.
But if you take his performance by itself,
in other words, out of the movie, it's fine for what it's supposed to be.
But the movie itself has got no story.
There's nothing to it.
It's pointless.
That's the way it's not.
Yeah, I got to tell you.
I'm one of these people that I don't really agree
that Godfather III is a horrible movie,
but Eli Wallick is just here to work.
Yeah, I know we've been there.
Yeah, you've just got through saying it 100 times,
so we've said it a million times.
You think he likes Eli Wallick?
No, he's the worst.
Because he knows Daniel is damn well.
He's not in the movie.
And he just decided to, you know, he's another parrot this guy.
Just wants to keep repeating back to me.
But I've said a million times already.
Get finally, all you leave in the whole thing is just.
If he were to eat the canola in the beginning,
and if she were to go in the shot,
Mary, right in the beginning, it would have been okay.
Yeah, it would have been better in both of them.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
I think there's somebody there.
I can hear her.
But they didn't have the balls to do it.
Maybe somebody cut their nuts off.
Maybe Jesse Jackson, don't it?
That's him.
In fact, you know what I think?
I think let's give him put in the call to Jesse.
He's the guy to cut off Joe Bell's nuts.
That seems to be his new hobby now.
He's the nut cutter.
WQAM, hello.
Not sure.
5, 6, 7, oh 5, 60.
What is that from?
I made that.
That's a rusty paper cutter.
And I just put the marina right up to it and get a little old.
Oh, a rusty paper cutter.
But right here, the milk's made in heaven.
I can smell it.
No, no.
I can smell it.
I can smell it.
It's a new model.
It's a sportly, the 5, 60 QAM.
The sports leader.
I got my balls so I can have sex with you.
I have my balls so I can have sex with you.
I'm gonna, I've got my balls so I can have sex with you.
I'm gonna have sex with you.
I'm gonna, I've got my balls for a nose dress trouble free screw.
I'm gonna, I've got my balls so I can have sex with you.
Now I'll be free to leave without the fear of pregnancy.
Such an accident will stop.
Once that I hitch up, I'm gonna cut my balls because I hear the pain ain't that bad.
I'm gonna have to, I've got to wait as long and wear a feminine hat.
Don't care if it makes my voice feel high.
I'm gonna, I've got my balls so I can have sex with you.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna have my balls so I can have sex with you.
For a kid, for a kid, for a kid, for a kid, for a kid, for a kid, for a kid, for a kid, for a kid.
Call 32 at 560 WQ.
I'm happy Tuesday to get you Georgia beyond tomorrow.
Oh.
And then maybe I'll call in sick on Thursday.
When I be bad?
That would be bad.
Why is that?
Because you're a slackin' enough as an homie.
I'm going to go to work on Thursday.
I'm going to go to work on Thursday.
I'm going to go to work on Thursday.
I'm going to go to work on Thursday.
I'm going to go to work on Thursday.
I'm going to go to work on Thursday.
I'm going to go to work on Thursday.
I'm going to go to work on Thursday.
I'm going to go to work on Thursday.
I'm going to go to work on Thursday.
I'm going to go to work on Thursday.
Hey, you know, welcome back.
I'm not going to defend the movie because I didn't think it was that great.
Although Daniel DeLewis, as you said, was very good and the role he was given.
But I think the point of the movie, which you know, maybe obvious to you,
but not some other people, is that a lot of these old fortunes and, you know, industrialist
to build up these empires, they were literally psycho.
I mean, they were hyper-aggressive and they would resort to like murder.
They were crux.
They really were. I mean, in Deadwood, I know you didn't like, or you didn't watch Deadwood.
They had a depiction of George Hurst who founded the Hurst family fortune.
And there was the same thing.
He was literally willing to kill anybody who got his way.
And in these more modern families, no Joe Kennedy, press.plush.
I mean, these people were not good people.
And I think that was sort of the point of the movie and how they also used religion
to sort of cover their tracks, which is, you know, Joe Kennedy did as well.
Yeah, but Daniel didn't use religion.
I mean, he went to that one creating an actor and then it's sure.
Yeah, and it was clearly an act.
He possessed religion when it was helpful for him to continue to advance his interest.
But otherwise, no, he was happy to see these other people go up with it, so he could rock them blind.
It wasn't a great movie, but Daniel didn't do it.
And what about the music? Was that only me that was annoyed by the music?
You know, I saw it in a theater.
It was a very popular soundtrack, I guess.
I think it's a guy from Radiohead or somebody else.
Right, that's correct.
Right, you know, so he didn't bother me so much with the theater.
Maybe in the plane it would be more annoying, I don't know.
Also, the guy was flagging, you know, I wallet.
You know, you know, I wallet got old.
But when he was younger, he was in a lot of good movies.
I mean, it happens to it's all, we all get old.
But what does he, I wallet kept it with this movie? Nothing.
Nothing, I don't know why that guy brought it up.
Because that's all he wanted.
He had his own agenda, don't you understand?
Well, I didn't say this movie, he doesn't know anything about it.
But, you know, he wanted to tell me what I already said a minute times.
Did you happen to see a new country broke, men?
No.
That was the other big movie last year.
That's another one.
I don't know if you like it, but it has a lot of interesting parts in it.
But I don't know if you guys...
Okay, thanks.
Take care.
Now, what did you say, is that one you saw?
Yeah, very disappointing.
Really good right up until they stopped telling you what was going on.
And then you had to figure out the ending for yourself.
When you did figure it out, it was like, oh, really?
That sucks.
Mm-hmm.
A waste of what, what?
Could have been a good movie.
See, I guess that was supposed to be really clever at the ending.
I think I before was going on.
I'm finishing.
Yeah, and that's the end of the movie. The movie's finished.
They do that a lot of movies.
I think they're being clever, they think they're being cute, and they're not.
But it was just stupid.
And basically, to a new, there's no ending to the movie.
There's no anything.
The sun grew up, and he got married.
The death sun.
And he went off to Texas, and they left them very on pleasant terms.
And that was it.
And then we find out he wasn't his real son anyway.
And he never had a wife.
Maybe he was...
Yeah.
For all we know, who the hell knows?
Certainly that preacher was the preacher man.
Eli.
That was his name, Eli.
He's a preacher man.
He was a real screamer.
And not as much of a scream as your governor though.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60, and the Verizon Singular wireless line.
Welcome back to the show.
You're a wonderful vacation in Roman Amsterdam.
I got to eat once in my favorite restaurant in Rome was great.
But then other people decided, well, but it was a bit of a boop, but about...
Well, it wasn't fancy enough for a plastic individual.
Who knows how to use plastic though?
I've said it that.
Everybody QA in, hello?
Yes sir.
Just tuning in now and listening to George, like a new...
Oh, God, which world men is this?
I can't recall exactly why.
You're talking about George.
If you figured out the ending, who's explainer to the rest of the world?
Yeah, they have articles about it explaining it to you.
Oh really?
Online.
Yeah, he chills everybody.
All the people you like, they get killed.
That's basically what I saw.
Yeah.
So the way you're doing the detective is like getting the sopranos, the screen gets blocked and you like that.
Yeah, you're supposed to figure it out the hard way.
I hate it.
We're working on a story.
So you want to talk to this guy?
Yeah.
Yeah, Neil, do yourself a favor.
Get a pass on that one.
Okay, I'll pass on.
Thanks.
560-560, it's movie talk today, man.
Heavy duty in the movies, although...
I guess if I was smart, I wouldn't watch it the second time.
But I just kept thinking to myself with all the rave reviews I'd heard about.
You did the right thing.
Yeah, that way you can be sure.
Let me watch it again for free here on a plane.
I'm sitting here anyway.
I'm a captain of audience who had a lot of hours to kill.
And let me see if it's really as bad and the music is as loud and annoying and melodramatic and hysterical as I thought it was the first time.
And you know what?
It was.
It was pure, unmitigated, schmit.
You could smell it right through the screen.
WQA, hello.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
What's up, my friend?
I haven't spoke to you for a long time.
Well, here you are.
Don't get down here to this part of Florida much, but I turn the video on and there you are.
Yeah.
Well, no, you don't live here in Florida no more?
Not most of the time now.
Oh, cool.
I mean, well, you show you would fly back and forth to Toronto?
Yeah.
Well, that's good.
I live up in Michigan now, but I'm really enjoyed up there.
And where is that?
In a place called SagaTuck.
SagaTuck, I'll be damned.
That's a problem little town right there.
If you say so.
All right.
Well, good talking to you.
Okay.
See ya.
Woo.
He just happened to be in town and turn down the radio and there was...
See, okay.
There I was.
He didn't have anything to say, but there I was.
Well, that was at least a friendly gesture, you know?
Mm-hmm.
It's a long usual in South Florida, but kind of like here, I extended the gland at the hand of...
Something with the biggest name.
Something to say.
You know, it's only one of the four sources with a 5.50QAM.
The fourth leader.
The U.
The wife and baseball all star Alex Rodriguez filed divorce papers today in Miami.
Some media reports have suggested A-Rod maybe romantically linked with singer Madonna.
She will get the kids and you'll be disgraced.
She'd and you're done.
Here I did Madonna and all the rest.
Wonder if it's cheap when you make your den.
I like that.
Pull your pants down.
Cut some eating, pull, cheesecakes.
How 44QM, 428 votes on our order in Polo Chris is really all thrilled about that.
Super.
Are you?
Extremely not.
You don't really give a fuck.
What are you talking about?
I can't believe that we can't mention thanks for how he's bringing all the good brefis and stuff again.
Yep.
He looked at you and said that with a straight face.
If I was you, I would have taken my pants down and taken a gigantic smelly dump run on his desk.
Yeah, that's what it should have done.
Right on that contract.
I should have said, hey, speaking of launch, here's yours.
That's what you should have done.
If you had any balls.
But I think I worked for had anybody like any savings or the frowning of death.
What?
56670560.560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
12QAM, hello.
Neo, welcome back.
Well, thank you so much.
You're welcome.
Jason Jackson and the guy that is on at 5 o'clock in the morning, they're both out of our convention in Las Vegas.
Oh, well, thank you for telling us.
Because nobody tells us anything, you know?
I know.
I know.
He's a big secret of QAM.
Yes, and I hear that all the time.
So I'm just calling to tell you that welcome back.
And we missed your laughter, but George is all for good.
Okay, thanks.
You're welcome.
Bye.
56670560.560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
There's nobody in town.
You already told me that in a positive way.
I'm getting bad into gestion because I just had another we needed.
I mentioned that on the ear.
I had another one.
I don't know.
Yeah, two we needs.
I got to have something.
I haven't eaten anything since I'm to playing yesterday afternoon.
In a scene I went through with the airport here, you would have thought that I was...
Al Capone, Meyer Lansky and the Godfather all rolled into one.
Don't travel.
You know, and this comes at a time when the airlines are going bust because the cost of fuel, you know?
And all the airlines are going out of business.
And they desperately need people to fly.
They desperately need.
And so what they do is they treat you like an animal, like garbage.
Every airport you go through, they treat you worse and worse and worse.
They put you through an exercise that you have to be a masochist to want to go through it.
So that trip may have been my last for a while.
You know what I mean?
I mean, not included down there.
Although down there is no picnic either.
Remember I told you about that thing at Miami International?
Yeah, where if you're traveling out of the country, they put you like in a chamber, like off to the side.
They take your boarding pass.
They pass it around and they spit on it and they wipe their asses within.
And you're in your...over the side there and you can't get to it.
And you don't know what the hell is going on with it and where you're going to go and that.
All of these...all of these things.
So just keep treating people like garbage, man.
It's really good for business.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Q-A-M, Ola.
Neil.
Yes.
Neil, you need to let George talk when you're on the air, man.
He's such a good radio personality.
Good.
You're gone, but when you're on air, you just don't let him say a word, man.
Oh, good.
He don't want to say anything.
There he goes. He tried to say anything.
Let me see it again. He doesn't want to. He just got you a tell in there.
Okay, Schmuck?
Well, he's better than you anyway.
Okay, good.
All right, there you go. You got one.
All right.
One in a row.
Yeah.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
We're friends.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Neil.
Yes.
You there?
Let me say it again.
Yes.
Oh, Neil.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight, pound, five, six, eight, all right.
That says somebody from Nikolagawa.
I'm sure of it.
pound, five, six, eight, eight, Verizon, singular, wireless, line.
What are they famous for in Nicaragua?
Nicaraguan.
Oh.
Anything else, seriously?
Like any kind of products or...
Nothing I know of.
Things...
I mean, I'm sure there's something.
I mean, Panama, you know, we know the canal.
Yeah.
That's something we know other side of the hats.
Right.
The funny little hats.
Sure.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hi, Donald.
Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
All right, can I speak to Neil?
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes.
I'm still struggling, Neil.
Yeah, that's obvious.
I don't know if you saw it on TV the other day.
They said when President Bush takes a dump on his plane or in a foreign country,
they ship it back to the United States.
So nobody can get his DNA.
Yeah.
Do you believe that?
Yeah, I believe anything you say.
It's not like a very credible guy.
Thank you, sir.
Have a nice day.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Good bye.
Good bye, Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
I think you're right about Chris.
I want to Chris, but you also hit the critical.
Is you took a long time to come out of the closet and nobody pressured you?
Let me ask you, is my running, am I running for office?
So what?
That in my office, you're on a radio, you're a public freezer.
Am I dating some woman to put on a phony act?
Did you ever not?
No.
Oh, you never protected them not to be gay.
I never protected anything.
I was just in the closet.
Sure.
You want to call people that you work gay?
I didn't tell people anything.
How do you like that?
But you know you got all the, I don't know why you asked the question.
Because you've obviously got all the answers.
Everybody's got the answers to everybody else's life.
I hate to find out what his life is all about and quite frankly, I don't care.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and proud 5, 60 in Verizon singular wireless line.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Chris gave me a lot.
Q-A-M, hello.
How are you?
WDQ-A-M, hello.
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
Long time caller.
A long time listener.
First time caller.
Yeah, nobody cares about that.
Go ahead.
From Toronto.
What are you guys doing?
Listen, you're meeting green at the track.
Why not?
Make that happen.
A couple weeks back, somebody mentioned you should have a get together at the track.
A couple woodbind.
Let me say this to you, okay?
When I go to woodbind, when I go to lunch, when I go to dinner, I do it as a person.
It's a human being.
That is a celebrity.
That is a radio person.
Because I'm not on the radio in Toronto.
Which you already know.
I think that's 40 or 50 odd people here in Toronto.
I was the word.
How do the word?
I don't want to meet you.
You don't want?
No.
Okay.
I don't want to.
You don't want to?
No.
Have a good day.
My suggestion to you was this.
Get a life.
I have no life.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5.
I meet in green at woodbind.
And that's just what I want.
Have a bunch of stalkers come out there.
Oh, let's watch Neil play the machine.
Yeah.
That's the epitome of a walkie.
I have no luck.
They can group you and Gorma.
That would be really good, yeah.
Gorma, blah, blah.
And they could just kind of like hang around so I could smell them.
That's right.
How many QA and hello?
George God, Neil sucks.
How many QA and hello?
I don't know.
Wow.
Yeah.
I told you.
He's sitting in bed shape.
Neil.
Yes.
I came home the last time he'd let me to a house for a couple of coffee.
Even though my wife's got mother to be your only child.
Let's just break.
You never wanted my friendship.
Was that a reading or what?
Wow.
He takes a beating and keeps on reading.
440 votes on your poll.
You better get one if you're going to make 500, mister.
This isn't like the middle of December or the middle of March.
This is the middle of July.
We'll do it.
We'll do what?
I don't know.
We'll do something.
What's this we all of a sudden?
We'll do it.
What do you mean all of a sudden?
Just what I said.
We'll do it.
I always say that.
You can do it.
You've been gone for so long.
I forgot.
That's true.
WQA in.
Hello.
QA in.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey, how do I keep getting through like that?
Because I've been calling.
It's always busy now.
I'm going to have you on some wicked speed dial.
Oh, right.
They're wicked.
Right.
Wicked is the word.
Before you went on vacation, I heard that guy calling to recommend a blood movie.
I tried to call it with Bitty.
I was going to say it.
Don't waste your time on that.
But the other guy was right.
Eastern Thomas was the best movie last year.
OK.
I also joined you on no country for old men who went around and killed everybody because I...
I'm a spaniard.
The guy with the tank.
All right.
But the little boy wound up getting the money.
Do you know that?
The spaniard.
The guy with the tank.
The guy with the tank.
Yeah.
He paid the little kid at the end with $100 bill.
From the money.
You better go watch it again, sir, and thanks a lot.
See that's the whole problem of the movie.
Come to QA.
What the hell happened after what?
How?
We missed a good part of that one.
WQA and hello.
Will.
Yes.
Hey, we'll come back.
Mm-hmm.
Glad to hear you.
Especially with the oven and all these days.
Yeah, OK.
Schmuck.
WQA and hello.
How?
WQA and hello.
WQA and hello.
How?
OK.
OK.
What do you got?
O'Neil.
Yes.
The car I was known for having a huge lake with fresh water sharks.
Yeah.
Perfect.
You wanted to know what the car I was famous for.
OK.
Thank you.
Thank you, and you too.
Oster came to a meeting.
560-560, 05-60, 05-60, and a Verizon.
On the plane coming back for the secondary meal,
the ones that give you just before you're going to land.
Mm-hmm.
They had a Mexican thing.
They must have known that Paco was on the plane.
And one of the things on the tray was Gus Spacho.
Ooh, yum.
Which is cold potato soup.
Or tomato is a tomato potato.
No, it's not either one of them.
It's like, um...
It's one of those things, but it's cold.
It's cold.
It's got like little fakes of tomato and it's super-sourder to get.
Yeah, cold leak.
Yeah.
It's just this morning.
And anyway, it's bad.
Really bad.
Gus Spacho.
Nasty.
W2AM, hello.
And two weeks, you're not going to be taking calls anymore.
Yeah, I want a bet.
Why not?
How much do you want a bet?
How much do you want a bet?
There he is.
That's the same line he used last week.
Same line.
Wow.
How much do you want a bet, Schmuck?
And only last time it was a nut two weeks.
What was it was going to be by the end of the year?
So whatever it was.
Now he's done it two weeks.
W2AM, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
Deal.
Yes.
Hey, glad to have you back.
Thank you.
So how's your trip?
Good.
It was a mixed bag.
Okay, right off.
Shameless request.
Yes.
High Tony.
Oh.
So I want to hear a lot more about your meeting with Joe Bell.
You heard all of it.
Now did you have lunch?
No.
It was just in his orifice just kind of like playing in cold.
Yeah.
Like a spot show.
Yeah, like just like a spot show.
So what's your biggest name?
The best talent.
You're the new Rogers sportly new 5.
Q-A-M.
Me.
Fourth leader.
Hey, just got the rail.
And when I'm up in Belkettiga, slapping all women with paint and lips are in the pool.
I listen to the new Rogers one to two hours.
Yeah, I mean I listen to the new Rogers fair and balanced one to two hours.
I'm dying out of here.
Absolutely.
Go, go, go.
Now.
Can't believe the language I hear home TV.
Every home of word is an obscenity.
In use to be the cable was a whole lot worse.
But now the networks let their actors curse.
There's a wind and sights of this insanity.
All the dialogue can take for granted.
Swearing like a sailor on a three day pass.
Words are a whole lot worse than asked.
If one and one how will it be?
It's for the drop the F on all network TV.
F on, F on.
There's no telling where.
It'll drop on all the U.P.
So during this the last part of the break and during that bit I just Google top pet and gill sucks.
I thought a whole bunch of interesting stuff I'll read later on.
Okay.
It's 101 at 560 WQ A-M.
It's our gigantic one and two hour Tuesday, Julio, I'll, whatever it is.
Kinsey.
El Kinsey de Julio.
We got Curtis coming up for a jerksit to a clock.
So don't get the near that radio and get ready to turn it off right away.
Give Curtis a shot.
And then we got DA for the man dog at four.
560-560-560 under Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
What are we going to do about this bastard Joe Bell?
Nothing.
Besides cut his nuts off.
I mean that's his first starter.
No food.
No.
It's almost like he spends all of his spare time assuming he's got some.
You think he wouldn't when you got a point in certain day parts.
You think he spends all of his spare time trying to find ways to make the hired hands miserable.
Now why do people do that?
Is that because they're just intrinsically bad people or because it's part of the power people get off of them?
Yeah.
I guess that's his thing in life.
Time Zika's right about him man.
He's an evil evil person.
WQ A-M, hello.
How's it going?
WQ A-M, hello.
Hey, he has a door.
Okay.
Is there a door?
Who knows if it's a door?
No.
Very cute.
Very cute.
What about black?
I worth the break that has mostly just taken.
Hey.
How are you doing?
Are you writing a book?
I like to look at trees.
Not bad.
Now that was more entertaining than there will be blood.
It only took like a few seconds as opposed to like two hours and thirty-eight minutes.
I mean two and a half hours for a movie to me is it's getting kind of long.
I mean anything over two hours these days is kind of long.
But it seemed like at least four or five hours.
It seemed like it went on intramurably.
Because it was just the same thing.
And watched in the oil come up through the well.
And watching the drilling and the pumping and the thumping and the music and the violins and the screaming and the yelling.
And his abhorrent grotesque anti-human behavior.
And I was at two hours and thirty-eight minutes of that.
There was nothing more.
There wasn't a single character in the movie that you could empathize with.
I guess the kid wants to grew up because he was kind of cute there at the end.
But one thing I once he grew up and had suffered from the father and was getting married and leaving and hauling ass.
You could feel sorry for him but he wasn't in it that much after a certain point.
Especially after he abandoned him on the train.
I mean what kind of a person can do that?
Take a kid.
Even he raised him.
Wasn't his own child but he raised him and abandoned him on the train because he was dead.
A bastard.
That's right.
A bastard in the basket.
How many QAAMs hello?
And you know, yes sir.
I tell you Mr. Baseball says you're a closet fan of the Pittsburgh Pirates Readers.
And?
You know you're in the closet.
You know you were always a bit of a pirate fan like years ago.
Let me say this to you sir.
Number one that's no secret number two who cares is that I don't care about baseball.
You got it?
Tell that to a better one.
Okay.
WQAAM hello.
QAAM hello.
Me at all.
Yes.
How are you?
What were they doing to you guys now?
You're not crazy enough to go and throw that all the contract away with all the money.
But they're going to make it as hard as possible for you and for George to be able to do your show.
I mean you don't even mention.
Well let me ask you this.
What would be the reason for that?
Why would somebody do that?
Because all the things you said about them on the radio.
Now they have you on the contract for a long time.
And you know there's no reason before you go anywhere else.
You're not going to throw away all that money.
I mean you know it's.
And they're going to make it as hard as possible for you.
No let me say this to you.
Okay.
Ask me if I care.
No I know you don't care.
I don't care.
See they've succeeded in doing something that I ever thought was possible.
And George has been.
George has been pushing me to do it for years and for a long time.
And that is just not care anymore.
I don't care.
I've become here.
I show up every morning.
I'm supposed to be here on time.
And I do the best I can.
I don't care.
If this is what they want, if this is the situation,
just keep the text coming.
That's what I've been saying for a long time.
But doesn't make sense to me that they're shooting themselves in the foot.
I mean they're shooting themselves in the foot.
Because you're the best thing to have on that station.
Yeah.
And it's not what you want to make.
Fuck any of them.
I'm glad to have you back in front of me.
Okay. Thanks.
When you're working for a hard-ass bastard who just wants everybody else to fail
and make everybody else's life miserable, that's what you get.
But like I said, I don't care.
I was on to him way back in the beginning.
One other people were saying, oh boy, he's really a good guy.
Oh, he's a jolly guy.
Who would stand at George?
A mate.
And who is right?
You?
458 votes on the four crises.
Got a real stretch here to make you 500.
You only got 54 minutes.
I mean, ordinarily, we know the problem.
But it's a middle of July.
There's nobody around.
They'll do it.
They'll build do it?
Yeah.
No, I hope so because you sure aren't.
Well, I can only vote so many times.
Keep going.
Q-A-M, hello.
I'm here.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Five more minutes.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
What's up, Neil?
How you doing?
What's going on?
How old are you now?
110.
110?
Yeah.
That's a lot of fucking years to be taken.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the horizon singular wireless line.
That was pretty clever, wasn't it?
Oh, yeah.
Let's go up.
Let's sneak that in there.
Now say that for later to laugh.
Okay.
Okay.
Take honey to laugh.
Right.
458 votes on the pool.
Who are the cheapest people in the world?
French Canadians, 222, 222, Jews, 121.
Joel Bell, 57, Overy, respectable and solid and well-deserved third.
Cuban, 27, Chinese, 16, and 15 for the Dutch.
The Dutch would have a lot more, but most of you don't know any Dutchmen.
And you're lucky.
Cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap.
Oh, 100-watt light bulb, Neil.
Oh, my God.
The worst.
Anybody that owns seven apartment buildings on his worry or coat that he took out of a dumpster
can't be too generous.
Bebady Q.A.M. Hello.
A. Neil, how are you?
Okay.
A. I also, there will be what also disappointed.
I am a big, uh, Thomas Anderson, fan two, and I got such good reviews.
And I didn't hate it as much as maybe you did sort of, but I also felt this kind of was going, you know,
join the movie that's going through, wondering, you know, I thought of the animal and what was that about.
It just, yeah, I'm amazed that it got this good reviews as it did.
Um, and also, as far as his fun goes, I wanted to know, he did show that he cared about his son when his son, not his son, but, you know, what I mean.
When his son had the accident, with the oil wax and where he, you know, loses his hearing or something like that,
he did show that he had compassion and cared about the kid.
And even when he put him on the train, he showed that he was a lot of boys on the train.
He was emotional. It's one of the few times they ever showed emotions through the home where we've been told two times or something.
But why, you know, his complex character never, you know, I guess that's what the story is about.
This, you know, I think complex guy sort of, but, you know, it never was that kind of.
Hi, how he was interesting at all.
Um, I mean, other than the way you just mentioned, the whole rest of the movie, he was the same thing.
Yeah, he's the same.
He was the one who was the relaxed bastard.
Yeah, he had a line where he gives the line to, actually I still use it today to some extent,
where he's probably going to his brother who turns out not to be his brother, but he tells his brother about why he wants to get rich.
And one of the reasons he wants to get rich is because he hates people and he just wants to be well-prepared, has to be a way from him.
It's funny, and I can envision you probably have the same problem when we run across the people during the day.
I think of that a lot, you know, the lot of hate people on the kids wishing he had a way.
But yeah, with discipline, it was nice and sharp, you know, but yeah, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was
Or maybe you were more tuned into it, and there were times when the music got so loud that it just about made your head explode.
without like two, three years ago,
that movie turns out to be much better
than you would anticipate.
So if you have a chance to see either one of those,
definitely see Eastern promises.
And even hit your violence of a very compelling,
very inter-afinguished stories,
you don't know exactly where they're going,
well done, so keep those movies in mind,
if they come along.
Thanks a lot.
Take care, Neil.
Bye.
Here's the fact that says, can you please ask your
subpoena for the Power 96 Power Radio again, please.
Yeah.
Right.
Actually, why do you want more, what do you mean, right?
Like, I have that.
Where do that come from?
People's via sign.
Does he cast a five-inch radio?
Actually, why do I want to vacation last week?
The 560 frequency was playing the feed
from 99.9 Kisfer while when Georgia was on the air.
What does that mean?
The main control studio kind of had a electrical part.
And so everything kind of reset.
And so as Carl's was trying to get everything back on,
our pot would not come up.
So we weren't just told you that there, he put a pot on
and it just happened to be that for about 10, 15 seconds.
I was told.
Did it boil over the pot?
Also, it says here, it seems that beastly's got tons
of these HD channels.
They don't know what to do with what they might get me
to buy an HD radio with us if they would have a 24 hour
radio Roger's channel like Sirius has for Howard.
Oh, yeah.
Just keep playing the current show,
Mixed in with Classic shows all day and night.
Right.
Oh my God.
What are you going to try to tell me?
I have no idea.
Oh, that's scary.
Why do we care about that HD thing with our power?
Is that going to anything to do with us?
I mean, do we need to be promoting them with all the
billboards and the give-all we buy in an audience
with money and all the stuff that they do?
What do we promote them for?
Must be a Lucy Lopez thing.
Do you have her on by the way?
No.
Oh, good.
No, so I'm sure was there.
Yes.
Friday?
Yes.
Now now let me ask you this.
What?
What was the story with Lodgewin,
such was there?
What did it happen?
Oh, and he still showed up?
Yep.
Let's see how long that's going to last.
His name is Lodgeman.
The best talent for you.
Lodgeman is 435.
62 AM.
The sports leader.
That's you.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying over here.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm a spazel, my life loving you.
You're bright, I'm cold.
We're the good folks who love.
And when it's time to head something rest,
I want to go where the living is the best.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying over here.
I want to hear what life is on.
And I live where even you'll get a fun life
I'm writing for me on those golden rings.
I want to die.
It is the world.
I want to die.
I want to die.
I want to spend my life loving you.
And if I could walk far free the good folks who love.
And when it's time to head something rest,
I want to go where the living is the best.
I want to die.
It's the world.
I want to die.
I want to die.
I want to die.
I want to die.
I only die.
I only die.
Will it hurt apart, happy
my preschools and those more?
What I want to do is to go a flour.
I didn't put up with that, remember that?
Right.
No more food while I show his on the studio.
He ain't boy-guiring.
Well, how's he doing, by the way?
I always experts, man.
All these macho guys on their power trip.
We're gonna straighten you out.
We're gonna show you a thing or two.
By the way, how's your friend Bob Green doing?
I've been hurt for the...
I'm sure you won't.
I'll take our drive.
I'll take our drive.
They always did.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
They're the best part of the most amusing part
of that whole day was when Joe Bell came to me
after he'd been schmoozing with Bob Green for a while.
I said, oh yeah, I'm gonna wire.
He's gonna teach me how to well control you.
That's what an evil person this is.
Like, there's something difficult to deal with on this show.
Besides, like, professionalism, which he knows nothing about.
I mean, just do it right.
Do what we need and get it done.
Get it done, you know?
Get it done.
He can't do it.
Evil.
I would be surprised someday if he just doesn't blow up.
You know what I mean?
His walks in the door just look like a schmoo.
You know what I mean?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How in 5, 60?
Alcat, he's been dead a long time, hasn't he?
Who?
Alcat from Joe Paluka.
Isn't that the cartoon where they have the schmoo?
No.
What cartoon was that?
Little labder.
It was?
Yeah.
Get out of here.
All right.
It was?
Trust me.
That's 100 years ago.
How the hell do you know?
About 100 years old.
But you're a hell of a better than me.
I'll tell you that.
You sure got your sickle fans out there.
That's good.
Ghosty Show, I told you that.
You have your groupies, man.
Sure, my family does.
Your psychophans?
That's it.
And I got my psychophans.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and Com 5, 60.
And they've arisen and singular wireless lines.
WQA in, hello.
Hello.
Are you still here on request?
No, we never started and we aren't finishing.
No.
Sorry.
Bye.
We're still taking requests?
That guy sounded like he was on something really, really strong, something bad.
Something I could probably use right now.
5, 6, 7, we got a lot of open lines.
You got a lot of vacancies in the hotel, as your buddy would say.
And 5, 6, 7, they've arisen and singular wireless line.
WQA in, hello.
Yeah, I get your visit.
WQA in, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Welcome back, my friend.
Thank you.
I knew George George is the best man.
He had me pissing on my past yesterday with the religious group.
He's the best.
He's the best.
And he was Neil, one more thing.
It's doing a bano.
OK.
Another one of your sickle fans.
Yeah, that was a sickle fan.
Oh, fine, you're the best.
Girl, but she didn't tell me her credit was bad.
So now instead of living in a pleasant summer, we're living in the basement at her morning dad.
Just so we can get along for a respectable home.
That's a new one.
CreditMyCreditSucks.com.
I hate that guy.
He's in, he has a whole bunch of marinoids.
I like his friend that was a beard, though.
He's kind of cute.
You know what I'm talking about?
No, drummer.
You see the drummer?
I don't know what he is.
He's got a little beard, you know.
The other ones are just very annoying.
And what looks like Danny, what's his name?
From the Partridge family.
Danny Bonadooshy, yeah.
That would be QAM, our last call.
Hello.
Neil, I just wanted to call to congratulate you on your photos at George.
Yeah.
Yesterday, I turned on a radio in the middle of the show.
And he was ripping some religious nut for a solid, I would guess 10, 12, 13 minutes.
It was the most entertaining time.
It was because of the best, that's right.
It was, it was just absolutely terrific.
It was absolutely fantastic.
The thoughts of him just telling this guy, he was a dollar-couple.
The Bible and George would put him down.
It was terrific.
So I want to thank you for showing George the way to go.
And George, it was a great deal, yes, sir.
Okay, you're welcome here, everybody.
You're always so anywhere to go.
Yeah.
Well, that's how you sure got him turned on now.
Usually it's, oh, that George's.
No one good call that, I don't want to do it for you.
They love you now.
You're obsessed.
That's what happened.
And then you just take all this time off.
They start to forget about you.
Boy, I guess it before.
I don't.
There's no need to know it.
Any campaign?
That's all I care about.
Just keep those texts coming, Joe.
You fat ass fool.
Keep the text coming.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60, and a Verizon, and a wireless line.
Down to a really trickle now.
The way you were talking before the show this morning, I thought we wouldn't have any calls.
And so I got like a little pile of stuff here, but I don't want to do that.
I don't want to start with a bedtime story digging the pile.
Somebody, QAM, hello.
I thought you had an essay day, a movie, a movie, a movie, a movie, a movie, a movie, a movie, a movie.
But would you rather hear?
How did you halfway?
That's better than his way.
We got to get the hell out of here.
Come on.
Now, man, must have been your buddy.
Wow.
Think I was the eyes.
Or his boyfriend with the yellow teeth.
Oh, God.
Huh?
They're like, I don't know, plaid.
I would think he was British if I didn't know better.
From one way in Amsterdam, you always tell the Brits just look at their teeth.
Crooked, yellowish.
You can smell the stench, the aroma.
Put you in a coma.
Luckily, there weren't that many of those Thickneck Brits in Amsterdam this past weekend.
Thank God.
Oh, the dollar's made a great comeback.
It's only down 25 points.
We are, help us on the way.
Cross the get name.
The best town.
Peter Fidiel, my text.
Sportling with 5.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
You did a lot of things.
Mark!
The new Rogers on sports hall radio.
WQAL.
I'm a badly-dropping fan of Fort Hoel radio.
And all the fun of the fungal jock who speak in monotones.
In the bleachers of the macho sporthold that game dreams.
But how I want to combine with the impen between their cheeks I dig the jocks.
I dig.
Wreck them.
I dig the jock.
Jock.
Jocks.
You fairy.
Forces all that battered.
If you want to get me burned.
I'm aware of women but they just get on my nerves.
I like dropping at least eight days if they really know me.
In the company of the elite Fort Hoel, dirt and cares I dig the jocks.
I dig the jocks.
Jocks, solid.
Oh, bandies, lap and towel, snappin' bandly jocks are sweatin'.
I would like to win their legs all the way to heaven.
In the sports barn I've been back up through with all the guys.
Watching games at the one hand goes running up my mind I dig the jocks.
In white cube it's time I dig the jock, jock, jocks.
Oh, Fort Hoel, dustbump at the leaps off in New Year's, the wetty.
Let me scrap these garters on and change my name to Betty.
One day on the Fort Hoel show they talk the doubtful leads.
How did they know less than there's our into a big feat?
I dig the jocks.
Sports always matters.
I dig the jocks, jocks, jocks.
Oh, Fort is the only thing that matters.
In fact, sports always matters.
Nothing else, nothing life, more important.
Let's go, boy.
Here, here, here.
Here, here, here.
132, so I just looked at the WWWD website because I'm sure you wanted to be updated on Futsi and how he's doin'.
Oh yeah, he's a little bit there, but the colors are right on that face we had his right to.
Dave LeMont, evidently, got blown out. He's gone.
And once he's gone, many mounos produces the sub-photos first news on IOD and the Mourn.
Okay.
Aren't you shocked?
I'm an end-evalent.
Isn't he kind of a...
P-junkilla.
P-da.
Yeah, we're in that again.
Many mounos?
Yeah.
I thought you and he were pretty tight.
We are...
Are the federal agencies like us have whammy show?
No.
Who was that?
Marvin?
Oh, Marvin!
I gotta get all this slime balls confused.
I'm sure you do.
Nobody QAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Okay.
Good. I'm watching on the news and he's right-wing apologists are talking about how the recession is a mental problem that people are mentally thinking that we're in a recession.
Right.
It's only mental when you look at the gas station and you can't fill up your tank. It's a mental problem.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, I've got to be because of local palm example with you guys.
The Magdog gets on the air and talks about how he went out to Prime 112 and Weston and Palm Beach and people are spending money and what recession?
I'm like, dude.
I think it was in Weston and he's eating a Prime 112 where the cheapest thing is $75.
I don't have to worry about the recession as much as the working man, you know?
What is he talking about?
I don't know.
Is that really lost it?
Yeah, I think so, man.
It bothers me that people, these are the same people now that they know how bad our presidency has been over the last few years and will tell you something like,
well, yeah, he hasn't done a good job.
So you say, oh, you're going to proto-baba?
Oh, no, I'm going to go with McCain.
Well, they liked it. They liked the last seven years and they want another 4-8.
I guess if you're making money in oil, but man, I mean, it's just, it's just, it's probably mind me or how nobody is.
Why would you listen to the political ratings of a joke?
I mean, I don't understand.
No, I didn't. I didn't.
You didn't understand the joke.
You have to keep spouting right when garbage.
You have in the closet they vote for Democrats because it's what makes them macho.
Yeah, yeah, I get so bad.
You know, that's just, it hurts me, man. I'm a young good man.
I'm only 26.
I think through all this BS and I just can't believe how people will hold it in me and see me as real nice.
I just don't care. Everybody's just obsessed with what Lindsey Lohan and Biggie Spears and what, you know, David Ortiz is doing.
And don't forget about the Angelina's twins.
Oh, yeah, man. Yeah, definitely the twins, man.
You know, I was going to go out and get a presence.
That's all we'll get the surplus going.
We'll start sending that amount of money for the...
There's all that economy, man. Let's see if we can go out and buy some gifts.
Meanwhile, did you see the article that showed, since the stimulus checks have come out, that internet porn has like boomed as far as new members?
It does have a lot of money on that.
Well, there you go.
All right, and you'll have a good one.
And you too.
People need a little perversion and diversion. You know, they're all like, can't pay their bills like George.
They're all starving and that's so they got to get a little less something on the side.
They're on the back.
Yeah.
Chris should be bouncing in this chair up and down like a clown.
503 on the floor.
I said, 505.
I said, 505.
No, I'm just saying.
Oh, there you go again. What's wrong with you? You're a crazy person.
Yeah, I've always been the same thing.
Yeah, that's what he said. Isn't it, George? Yes.
Yeah, sure.
George, by the way, I'm hearing it's just phenomenal now.
Hey, show me.
I might have to listen a little to summer. I don't bother. It's not for you.
Rage reviews.
It's not for me. What does that mean?
Oh, you know, we talk about things that you can't relate to.
Oh, jigs being married, having to deal with kids, you know, stuff like that.
No, I have to deal with kids.
Lesbians.
No, no, no.
Oh, lesbians. I dealt with you out here for yesterday.
Nasty old, like, bitch.
The most hateful, sour. Oh, my God.
If she must have been Joe Bell and drag, that's who that was.
I mean, just given me a hell.
And she kept dizzling with that passport and dizzling and leasing through the pages.
And I wanted to, you know, of course, I had to restrain myself.
I wanted to say, what do you think you're going to find in there?
Are you going to find something?
If you leased through it a thousand times, five thousand times,
what are you going to find?
Honey, what are you looking for?
And she's leasing through it just to be annoying.
That's all. Just to be a bitch.
WQAM. Hello.
QAM. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I'd like to discuss the lack of enthusiasm and preparation on Georgia's part to the program.
Yeah, OK.
Really disappointed.
He's obviously better than you've been traveling.
And he feels he's stuck in South Florida and it's really coming out on the radio.
That's a good, excellent point.
Kind of shameful, really.
Yeah. OK, telling that tomorrow.
You're shameless.
Who wouldn't be better being stuck in South Florida?
Is there anybody with a brain?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
But he's in a minority now.
You've really turned them around because most of the college generally are,
oh, did you get that Georgia off the air?
He sucks. How do you do that to the show?
And like that, you know,
Georgia's gay.
A lot like that stuff.
But now you turn them totally around.
I would be surprised to have some of the rating we have,
like number one half.
We certainly won't have a point like we do on Sunday parts.
Well, we could try.
Well, the management is trying to talk to us.
We could.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Deputy QAM, hello.
That's the bag of the anime style.
Deputy QAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
You're welcome back from all your British fans over here.
Over the phone, the accents, yeah.
Yeah.
How did you holiday go?
Was it all right?
It was all right.
Yes. Yes, mate.
It was all right.
Excellent. Excellent.
I hear this, this, this, who's this guy, Neil Brut?
I hear he is, he's over this way at the moment.
He's over this way at the moment.
He's a Nazi, as he is.
He's another radio Nazi.
There's another rush wannabe.
Well, listen, work on the accent, okay?
Tell me who.
And watch out for that tot in the hole and that spotted dick.
21 till 2 at QAM.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Beautiful.
The Rodney's.
Fourth in the 5.50 QAM.
The sports leader.
Mr. Mary Katherine.
Jesus.
Now.
I'm going to have to go.
Swinging high and low.
We've been going through a lot of little too.
Sister Jean, the dance machine.
And to any of her only feet.
She'll knock you off your feet.
When you hear her well and sing.
I go down, having a jump in like a rabbit
when the music turns me on.
I know it sounds happy, but I'm sure that's bad.
And you win, it is gone.
Sister Jean, a swing of none.
A shaken fountain, done a fun.
Now in fact, for 85, then that's not good.
25, 3, 3, 3, 2, 1, the dance machine.
She's good.
She's good.
The dance machine.
She's good.
The dance machine.
She's good.
The dance machine.
She's good.
The dance machine.
She's good.
She's good.
She's good.
She's good.
She's good.
Oh, that's not good.
Oh, that's not good.
Oh, that's not good.
Oh, that's not good.
That's not good.
That's not good.
That's not good.
That's not good.
145, 2 bad, Ailey Anita was spouting all at the procomhhhh needs to propaganda, you know.
Because we could bring her back and have a good time.
Hell yeah, Anita.
Well, I'm not me, but I'm just saying.
South Florida.
He could be like one run for office.
Don't you think he can win hands down in Dave County?
Oh, yeah, he did something pants.
512 votes on Chris's pro iGlet.
We got 15 minutes and we need 13 votes to get to 525, which is a number I picked earlier in the show.
Really?
Surely.
Sure.
George is in ear witness.
He heard it.
Oh.
5667.
Oh, 560.
Don't let me treat you.
I'm going to do.
I had no idea.
No, you know, you didn't get the soundtrack music from there will be blood.
I thought you can get that.
What got instantly known.
Well, why not?
An entire soundtrack takes time.
I want to part with the violin music.
Frantic.
Frantic.
Historical.
Loud.
And louder.
And just.
In.
Same.
Later on in the day, I'm going to spend at least three, four minutes reading some of the reviews
on here because it gets me so agitated.
From the student intellectuals, oh, this was a brilliant piece of filmography by.
It was a swill.
Or just a waste of time.
The only good thing is when you're on a plane, the longer it is, it's good because it kills
more of the time when you're on a long flight.
I thought you would know about that because you weren't going to be doing any long flights for a long.
Of course, Johnny John.
Unless Johnny Joe hooks you up, you know.
Yeah, you'll hook me up.
Because what he wants to talk to you about, I think we got to hook him up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 in time.
Remember that movie, um, uh, Hostel?
I think we got to hook him up to some of the stuff that those kids were hooked up to in that movie.
WDQ-YM, hello.
You don't need to be the one you want to play.
Like some of those meat grinders and stuff.
Hello.
Hey, I'm going to help.
Yes.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Hey, I like George when he's on the...
He's great, man. He's the best. That's what I'm hearing.
I, before you know it, hopefully you'd like him to pick over your show.
He can, he can ever write now as long as they keep paying me. It's all his.
Hey, are you going to lose a piano soon?
Am I going to why?
Are you going to lose a can? Do you like to leave us?
No.
Sorry.
Yeah.
I already left you a long time ago, Schmuck.
And you're part of the reason.
There's not a call on the board. We got 13 minutes to go. That's not a good sign.
Because in spite of your negativity, um, observations, we did pretty good today.
Actually, I mean, you know, we had our usual kids.
Yeah, no, actually, yeah.
Of idiocy.
I think we only heard from the great one once. He must be busy.
Huh, busy enough.
No, he must be a hatch in watermelons or something.
Oh, I guess what movie was on where the hell was it?
I give up.
I guess an Amsterdam. I know somewhere.
Birdman of Alcatraz with the Berlankreser and Kelly Suralison.
Why does that? Good to be.
And it's a good movie. I've seen it a few times.
WQAM. Hello.
He's got to go the other way.
Yeah.
Yeah, go see.
Hello. Hello.
New.
Yes.
What's up?
What do you got?
I don't know life.
I have no life.
Yeah.
Okay.
He's got something.
No.
567 or 560.
I don't want joy to get all upset. That was just a blueberry.
I can tell. I could smell it.
It was a nice fresh blueberry.
And pound 560 in the Verizon singular website.
I think we're going to make it all the way through today without the delving into this pile of
a puzzle I got sitting here.
Political billboard showing 911 tragedy creates controversy up in Orange County.
Marlon's block is Braiming testifies and mega plan suit you go and arm in.
No public money for those bastards.
Sports names and restaurants are always successful combinations as the Sun Central.
It's all these different sports bars that are going belly up, you know.
Plain crash in San Jose was like God landed it said the pilot and the 60 70 year old passenger.
President Bushback's really planned for a strike on Iran.
A manifestly insane subhuman being your president.
And the public's worried about that Angelina have four or six kids.
WQAM. Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes.
WQAM. Hello.
QAM.
QAM.
Sounds like we're on a run now.
WQAM. Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
Neil George, please.
We're not.
WQAM. Hello.
Neil, please.
Speaking, please.
I have a new Roger show.
No, it's just Neil here. He just got the right number.
What do you want, Mark?
Hello.
What do you got?
No, I just want to say, I love you.
You were nice.
Yeah, I love your voice.
Mm-hmm.
Take me.
Come.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty and pound boy.
Sure as beauty as man.
It's seventy three and Sunday.
There's not a cloud in the sky.
I think right at two o'clock I'm going over to Mickey D's.
Could have gone there in Amsterdam.
Actually we did once.
I got a burger at Mickey D's.
It tastes just like the one you'd get right there,
wherever you would stop.
Look, it always does.
And that rat wasn't running around in there either.
You know that there's like three Mickey D's
within about a three block radius in Amsterdam on the dam rack?
Three of them.
And a burger came and a Kentucky fry.
Well, good.
Doesn't that make you want to go?
Yep.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, I saw screaming and it was dark night and I get her saying,
I want to go see a next week that I'm at.
I thought on the regular theater.
It could be the best Batman movie ever made.
I won't see it.
Oh, well, okay.
The Batman movies have nothing to do with the Batman and Robin.
They have nothing to do with the story.
No, no.
Well, this is not your Batman or Robin thing.
This is just very, very dark.
It's really kind of hard to figure out once you see the movie.
It's good or who's bad?
I mean Batman is right on the edge of being bad.
But you should see it anyway.
No, okay.
Thanks.
No.
No.
You mean, am I right?
The Batman movie is not a single one of them who's had,
in fact, most of them don't even have a Robin or some of them, right?
Right.
But regardless, they've blown.
They've sucked the lot of it.
Right, exactly.
And with a Val Kilmer being a Batman, I mean,
who are they?
Is that some kind of a joke?
What?
Yeah, a Joker.
There's no more Caesar or Mayor, I'll tell you that.
See, I was weaned on the Batman or Robin on TV,
which you can still see on like Nickelodeon in those channels.
It's all over the place.
524, guess what?
We're going to make it.
Well, I better go to Woodbine, I will.
526.
We hopped right over 525.
526.
Say it loud and say it proud.
We did it.
Chris.
All right.
No, we did it.
Oh, we did it.
If you're going to own your own baseball team, you've got to say,
we did it.
That's right.
We did it.
Like that little food cake, David Sampson,
that little screamer, that little silly person.
We hate you, David, and we hate your baseball team,
and we hate the whole organization.
But nevertheless, Joe Rose gives him a lot of, you know,
a lot of props with the Marlins, the Marlins.
He's a big on the Marlins.
And that's because there's nothing else going on.
Now, once that camp starts at the Marlins at the Dolphin Camp,
then they'll drop that whole Marlin crap like it had the leoporcy.
You'll see.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
They'll drop it like a hot tater.
Or don't say hot tater because he might get some tater tots
in there from Hawaii, so something like that.
Now, can we even mention how he's on the air?
Are we not allowed to mention it?
You're allowed to talk about them as long as you're not getting it.
After the evening, you know,
it's worth a figure allowed to get less than ten years long.
Who's from there as long as you're not talking about them?
Oh, okay.
It's 30 a day plus gas.
Well, I ran into Lincoln.
Cash or credit, I drove up in the hill.
You want me, church?
And recall how it happened, well, it's good luck.
It still gives me cheer.
What a weirdo.
Followed my map of star house sales.
Yikes.
And was shot to sea.
Sitting on her front porch was
an deleted Jolene.
Oh, my God.
Well, I walked up like I knew her.
Hey, do I know you?
And I saw her hesitate.
But the chloroform started working for her.
It was too late for her in my car.
Roll the windows down.
Now she watched my queen and
I made her cry.
Cook the stupid crevices.
And I've got Angelina Jolie in my basement.
I've been the famous.
And I think I'll keep her there with me.
Hello.
And charge her rent.
I'm not paying rent.
Well, I hope she don't mind.
I hope that she'll find that she likes the cement.
I've been to a private spot.
How wonderful life is with Angelina Jolie in my basement.
Let me out of here.
Well, I'm scared she'll frantic.
Fuller and manic.
But I bet you'd give your lesson.
Help me.
To have Angelina Jolie locked down in your basement.
And now, questions.
I'll hurt my dog.
I'll hurt Mr.
Don't hurt precious.
I'll hurt your dog, Mr.
And put the dog in the basket.
Bye bye bye.
