The music expressed on the previous day and the host's call is not
refighted by the busy broadcast group.
The staffs advertising is going to be talking to the
co-cars.
Yes, came to have an album.
Oh, my son, what a terrible fight.
I wish that this week you am.
I am a Ford Lutterdale.
A flage 60 WQM presents the New York Times.
The New York Times is going to be talking to the co-cars.
The new year's New York Times is going to be talking to the
The new year's New York Times is going to be talking to the
The new year's New York Times is going to be talking to the
The new year's New York Times is going to be talking to the
co-cars.
The new year's New York Times is going to be talking to the
co-cars.
Absolutely.
I heard more when the football was playing.
STORKS ABOUT TIME
When your boss steps right through the door.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
Rack him.
He's got paper.
One cheek.
One cheek.
has one cheek.
Rabb.
Rack him.
And you move up the ladder and some day.
Rack him.
Rabb.
Alright?
ell.
Hapt him.
right and i was expecting that actually yeah
as usual took a few minutes before we could the care and collaborate and i
find out that flea is again back with us this morning to infect an
effect sorry and the shows rubbing off on the he's dressed like a slob like us
today
normally he's very dapper cutting it to the street flea i mean i know i'm getting
old and feeble
but that's right for sure fatso said all beyond monday through thursday next
week only friday i can't do the show and that what he said
i think that's what he said yeah and and so what i want to bring you with
uh... with us today and i'm noticing that
fatso is only on the schedule for two zine wednesday then we got another fatso
zack on thursday and flea back on friday what's that all about i don't know
i just saw the schedule not as on monday and friday
your full of crap you are so full of crap i'm not i didn't even get asked if i could
do that i just looked at all sent them on the schedule
i think my theory
you know is sound
and what is your theory george they don't pay flea to do this
that is correct but they would have to pay chris or someone else
what about zack
i'm not sure i believe that is salaried as well oh i see
that i've not
so in other words working two days instead of five on a show instead of four
which is what he told me is gonna make that much difference to them with a
three bucks to them
to them to as chancy as they are oh my god what a bunch of far-bison at goyam
so i guess chris is moving on out of the show
now i have a way to solve that problem
y'all oh yeah i have a way to solve it and then well there's several ways but
what a mic can come back down there and then we don't eat in the third person
true just you and me right like that used to be right
because i got a really nifty email which i'll get to in a couple minutes
from a real a hole terry and boi and beach thanks for starting my week off on a
real positive note terry you moron i guess the dial is broken on terry's radio
all the misfits all the time
yeah yeah
although getting back to our poll our pants pooping pool
this is kind of long i don't know and i'm didn't read this at a time it just came
off here oh no it's too gross really he was at a wedding in north kerala and at a
fairly nice bed and breakfast in western north kerala
yeah oh this is just gross
and he pooped the roast b from the night before oh
all grotesque diarrhea and really gory details yeah thanks a lot for the erab for all the details
this is a little bit more antiseptic police and staff at a Washington club will exit a
drunken city official is given new meaning to the slang term going to the head
according to police and sources from wash nids 9 30 club 44 year old jersey city new jersey
councilman steven lip ski was ejected after being witnessed by club staff
urinating on the fellow patrons from a second floor balcony during a performance by a grateful
dead tribute band we've dealt with this man before the surce sold the daily news he's never
peed on anybody but he read against belligerent and drunk
lip ski currently serving a second term has been charged with simple assault
aid arenas zaki told the news she had no knowledge of lip skis arrest he peed on people from the
balcony but now speaking of a real pithyr yes and boy you talk about down to a precious few these
emails not that the election is over forget about it this email which was a treasure trove of stuff
oh here's one from adam with no life in wherever he is i'm telling you if you ever
looking to replace fat Chris let me know and come running
yeah these people have no idea no he said he would be willing to do it for nothing
which he would have to because that's what they're looking to do evidently right they're cutting
back Chris and then they're going to get him off the show this is clearance again clearance
the fine hand of clearance and jolly joe bell in the middle of this deep inside fat Chris is
yeah why don't you text him or or call him or do something for you find out why he's not here today
okay because this schedule was made up i was sent to me on friday
so he had to know that he wasn't working today or thursday or friday on the show
and yet there he was on the year and i remember very distinctly he said oh i'm going to be on
Monday through thursday but i can't work friday because we got the hurray king game thursday night
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah no we have no consistency on the show we have
well whoever they sit in there not that we're not in flee because he's a fine fellow but he's also
the mole is he oh yeah he admitted last week that he winds and dines at jolly joe's house hangs out
with a wife and the kids over there i heard he told us i heard these things all true yeah he's got his
up to his ass. And then when I asked him a real question about Joe in this contract
renegotiations that he staged with me, he gave me a hardy hardy hardy hardy answer
as opposed to an honest answer. Also true. Right. Because you know exactly what the
story is, but you don't want to tell us.
Yeah, or I don't don't give me that magic one crap. That is the the crickets. Oh, that
is the biggest pile of crap. What? I just fell into that air, man. Obviously he wasn't
going to say nothing. Well, why not? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. We know
when Hank was made the offer, it was an offer that he could and would refuse. They knew
he wouldn't come back. And that was their way of getting his ass out of there. Was that
the plan with the with yours truly? I don't know. Yeah, you do. Lier. Sure you do. I would
guess that, but I don't. We've never told that. Yeah. Terry, a parapheritian, Boynton
Beach, probably a phony name, but you never know. Neil, I've listened to you since the
initial sign on at W. I. I don't know what that means. Do you? My initial sign on at I.
I didn't know that's where you signed on. No, I signed on a K. T. Many years before that,
but evidently, maybe when I started at I. N. Z. But now it's clear that you've lost
the magic of your early days plus the fact you don't even have the decency to live
her among us anymore. You know? Yeah, and people like you, Terry, are exactly why I don't
want to live there among you. Oh my God. You don't have the decency to live here among
us anymore. The charges that you're mailing in our true, you're living Canada for Christ's
sakes. The bits you play are old, predictable and stale, and you become this winding liberal
of the worst kind. And you haven't had an original idea in years. Yeah, like telling everybody
that Barack Obama was going to be the next president before anybody ever heard of him on
the show, right? That's right. Terry, he continues, if your employers are willing to pay
for your show these days, well, good for you, but in your heart, you have to know why
your audience isn't involved any longer. You don't care about us and we don't, we no longer
care about you. Yeah, that must be why I got those 80 billion emails last week wishing
me happy birthday, Terry. I'm sure those people aren't still listening. They just did
it out of sympathy out of the kindness of their hearts. The only time you endured our
still worth listening to anymore is when you're banishing organized religion. Personally,
I will always owe you one for helping me liberate myself from all that crap, but this
point of your career, you need to think about stepping down or else you'll be in danger
of being just another one of the greats who stayed around too long and that would be a shame.
You were clearly one of the greats, but so was Willie Mays, says Terry. And like I said,
Terry over and boi and V. Tiveau, and he has lost the dial on his radio. He can't change
the station. You need to think about stepping down as though my presence here, the fact
that I'm here taking a paycheck twice a month and fumbling my way through the latter
years of my life is somehow affects him in a negative way. Find something else to do
with your life, Terry. I got to live from Chris Whalen, if you want to. I have no life.
What is it? I got to reply from Chris. What do you say? He said, he's known since Friday
I'm off today. Two weeks straight is good enough. What does that mean? I guess he needs
to work two straight weeks and he needs a day off and that he told you on Friday. He
wouldn't be nice today off. He's working Tuesday and Wednesday on the show this week.
Yeah. What a tub of garbage. Even Georgia agrees with it, but he doesn't want to say it
because he and Chris have been pretty tightly. We do the oil thing. Now that's Chris and
Kelly Joe. 387 votes on the pool. You know something just like George says, I'm not going
to let it bother me. I'm just going to continue playing right. Please. I don't care if they
put a train monkey in there. I did hear Moe by the way yesterday. He was doing radio
of the Carolina Oakland game. Okay. And he is that a flag on the field? Is that a flag
over there? What is that on the field? I don't know what that is. Is that a flag on
there? And then he went. And I moved along. 387 votes on the pool. What's the most embarrassing
place you ever pooped your pants? Driving my car 114. I've never pooped my pants 86. You
will someday at work 71 at school 46 during nude male swim class 17. Yeah. While participating
as sporting events such as wrestling 13 at a restaurant 13. That ought to be pleasant.
In a crowded elevator eight at church five while swimming in a public pool five at the gym
four while riding my bike four in bed one and in jacuzzi nobody yet. Go put in a jacuzzi.
Okay.
Get names.
The next talent.
This is your projects 4.80.560 QAM.
The fourth lead.
No portion of this program may be reproduced if I'll be expressed written permission of
the KAM TV.
The broadcast group incorporated.
The Orojezza MTV presents nine inch nails unplugged.
I want to.
You like it animal.
Damn it. This is not on.
Welcome. This isn't working.
She.
She.
Trett you knocked over my bonge.
Nine inch nails unplugged only on MTV.
See there you go the same old stale tired email I just tapped out an email to reply to
Terry.
Yeah.
Whatever the guys name was the loser.
Oh yeah.
I told them they have these amazing things on a radio call to dial find somebody else
you can bitch at.
We want to gain yours today against a little girls team by the way they damn near they
should try to blow it there in the end.
Didn't they flee they sure did they almost blew it.
What the hell is this oh morning host them on a medicine BC Joe Scarborough absent mind
edly let's slip an explode during this morning's broadcast.
There are good these are good decent steady men who don't go around flipping people off
or screaming FU at the top of their lungs he said at about two and a half minute point
of this video that they got on here.
Screaming FU and he said the effort on here he didn't say FU he said the word.
Now host apparently was oblivious he had let the words slip he was praising Barack Obama
and the president likes a stable campaign advisors contrasting them with a bear not
called approach of incoming chief of staff.
Rom in manual.
Notably this isn't the first time Scarborough has let the expel their slip during a live
broadcast in 2006 Scarborough described his introduction from host Tucker Carlson as
pretty effing awesome.
Morning Joe broadcast live and you were saw the curse word unbleaped.
Scarborough's co-host had a point out what he had just said prompting numerous apologies
after a commercial break Scarborough was able to joke about the incident.
Oh my god how do you like that Joe Scarborough another Florida loser.
Mm-hmm.
Where?
Where?
You don't even have the decency to live down here with us losers.
Where?
Nobody cares about you anymore.
Where?
I'm sure it's probably um Maryland Dan from Maryland.
Sounds very similar because one thing about the emails just like the phone calls they're
all anonymous in fact the phone calls at least have got some kind of a voice print you know.
You follow what I'm saying?
No.
Yeah.
The phone calls you can identify better because you can hear the person's voice the email
is totally anonymous anybody can make up any kind of email address and it can be anybody.
No?
No.
Yes.
And why no?
Just cause it's just cause them being contrary just cause them back from vacation and I feel like it.
Now where's the poll from the weekend?
I'm just just going to pretend you're not here.
Okay.
That Chris is near.
I just I know what it is to be abandoned.
Do you have 155 votes on the poll excluding pork and shellfish what is the most goyish of food?
WTF one 206 we haven't put WTF on today.
I don't want to put it on.
I don't want.
It's just another cop out as just like I hate this poll stupid.
George likes it though a lot.
Yeah.
And I'm sure that Joe Scarborough likes it too WTF what the yeah.
That should be the call letters.
Yeah.
That would be good for this radio station be perfect WTF especially under this current regime.
Although don't say that to flea because he's on jolly Joe special payroll.
He's got a little some going on the side.
That's right.
Biscuits engravy 100 so so what did what did that mean that Chris are wayland told you?
What what what does that mean he said that you guys discussed it on Friday and that you were aware that he wasn't going to be here Monday or Friday.
Oh crap I thought he's Friday.
But I could he said he wasn't going to be here on Friday and he sure as hell didn't say he wasn't going to be here.
Monday Thursday or Friday and work only two days this way he's looking to get out bye bye Chris.
Bye bye Fanzo.
I mean when you're working and getting paid hourly and you're desperately looking to work fewer hours.
Well what what why belly ache about you know he's living with mommy I guess right.
Yeah the parents both both of them.
How sad and he's always going to be living with the parents because he's never going to make any money because he doesn't want to work.
He'd rather lay on his fat ass at home shoving Cheetos down his push and you know not working.
He never said it now you were here for you know damn well he said he was only going to be off Friday.
Yeah that's what he said.
Lier.
Excluding parking shellfish the most go to your food biscuits and gravy 141 that was my vote.
Them hard little biscuits like in parties I do like parties but I don't like them biscuits.
Maybe that's what they're called you know parties because they got the hardy biscuits.
Spam 125 pickled eggs 84 grits 83 fried chicken 80 fried chicken especially bow jangles Jews don't eat no bow jangles why not.
And they sure don't go to churches.
No they go to temples that's right.
Oh that was my line from last one.
Oh sorry I wasn't listening.
I know.
Catfish neither was anybody else except of course for what's his name.
I should save that one we're so good.
Terry from point and beast Terry a pair of it.
Fried chicken 80 catfish 67 string being casserole 67 May 052 slim Jim's 49 I still object to that I.
Any good self-respecting Jew conciliate slim Jim's 49 so that what maybe it's because it's a sausage kind of thing.
Scraple 47 sloppy Joe's 40 chicken pot pie 32 beef stew 28 cornbread 21 bread pudding 17 fish and chips 16.
And I had one here somewhere that said something about them.
Here it is from Larry.
I know I'm late yeah you're late Larry with the best go I should food but this would have one hands down craft miracle whip.
Isn't that pretty much in the same category as mayonnaise.
It's worth it because it's craft.
I hate craft because of miracle whip and then other things but that was the very first thing that started really pissing me off about craft is that miracle whip is the most evil foul concoction ever invented by man.
And people substitute mayonnaise for miracle whip.
Advice versa and it's they're not the same thing.
You're a liar fat Chris.
To know we got Zach on Thursday fleet it what I got to do with miracle whip nothing but I'm just changing the subject because that's boring.
That Chris being a liar is much more entertaining.
I don't know and I think a Chris I think a miracle whip.
Yeah.
Oh yeah big big gigantic.
The fake two way Reynolds says Sam Rosen called it off in his game on Fox yesterday.
I could have sworn it was most sounded just like him dead on you they say both have that same New York.
Do you sound you know I'll tell you who else most sounds like is Dick Stockton.
Only Mo in his prime was at least a good broadcast your Dick Stockton's never been any good you're horrible dick.
He did the Patriots came yesterday I believe about those patriots by the way just pasted Buffalo right to the wall.
The bill suck.
Yeah that that that's probably why a fan so wasn't here today because the Patriots want to get used to even though the dolphins beat a little girls team and boy they sure tried to blow it at the end.
Wow they were within a Harris breath of blowing a damn game to Seattle.
J.Y.R.O 26 who this chronic is anybody I've ever been involved with in my life just over and over and over I guess this is his deal.
Which is fine because believe me we sure have a dearth of emails now that the election is over we have nothing.
Let me take a puke on here I'll look at stress oh there's a some.
Oh here's one from the fake Larry King says George sucks get your job the year he wouldn't make it on WVUM.
Glenn Hill is rolling over in his grave I hate to say it but Mohawar David was a lumpeter than Jimmy Cifalus.
Manage and Joe Roser great Jimmy's a bore bring back the Dutch boy used to do the UM games.
Mark van der Mirr says LK fake Larry King that was up 160 points by the way.
Oh go away Adam get a life this Adam owes those Mac whatever the guy in the somewhere in Ottawa in Ontario go away.
Go get a search party and find a life just want to say you're awesome suck around someplace else okay go sniffing somebody else's sphincter you idiot.
Bugs he says 71 days one hour 40 minutes till Bush is gone we haven't heard that Obama drumbeat and quit a while please please.
It says Obama drum bit.
Do you know what that is? No.
Neil are you one of those keep Canadian tipper says Fred and Bokeh no I'm not Canadian and I'm not a cheap tipper.
The bill at the Ruth Chris on Wednesday night on my birthday was three hundred and seventy five bucks and I left seventy five dollar tip twenty percent like I always do.
Even Georgia being pressed with that I would be or it pretend to be.
Yeah well there's a few emails on there like I said so keep the good hate coming keep it coming I want to hear a follow up there from Schmeckle in the
Chris this is the week that's going to decide whether he continues on his show and I'm not.
The best talent it's the big dog Joe Rose weekday morning seven at 10 sports radio five sixty
8ать
I cringe every time the wind blows
In my pants something is shrinking
I'm so cold I can't lip-sync you fairy
That's because it's zero baby
And I cannot feel my thoughts
There's a tingling in my fingers
And my pride that parts are lost
Oh my nose is about to fall off
There's a cloud every time that I call
And my hands are blue
They are turning on
They might sound cute, they might sound
That's because it's zero baby
I can barely move my mouth over
I'm a red heart that's in love
But first I need to be thought out
Yes I need to be thought out
That's because it's zero
I say for you. QAAM, hello. Hello? Yes. Yeah.
Next to Joe Zagaki, Jimmy Cepalow has to be the worst play by play announcer I've ever heard.
Absolutely. Yes. Yeah. And you know if you talk to bartenders and waiters
I don't. They'll all tell you that the jocks and docks are the cheapest bastards on earth
And Cepalow is scared to death that Obama is going to take all his money away from him. Yeah. Good. What a puke.
Yeah. What a nice job with that wine restaurant too by the way. Cool. I said have a great day. Get your hearing aid cranked up a little bit grandpa.
Woo! I figured we'd sneak one in there you know. That was a good one. I'm thinking I know you're going to call me crazy
but I'm thinking very seriously of moving back down there because I don't want upset Terry. That's got nothing to do with it.
I'm not going to call you crazy. I'm going to call you. Then it would just be you and me in there like old times.
Yes. I'm not. Chris. None of this flea business every other day. Please is just there to spy. That's all. He's just the
you know. You have to have all the material he wants. I didn't think we were hiding anything in here. No, we're not. What?
I'm a mall. We generally broadcast our opinion. I don't know what he's going to find out in here. He's going to find out what they really feel.
Well seriously, how could this schedule been made out ahead of time was it was and Tubby give me a song to dance about how he was
going to be out Friday and then the schedule says flea and the George on Monday and George and Chris on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Then Zach and George on Thursday and then Friday flea is back again. How's that possible? I don't know. Wait. I'm asking flea. I'm asking flea. How's that possible? I don't know. I mean, that's got to be a lie that you only.
Well, when did you look at the schedule? No, you were on this morning Friday before I left. Then you don't have any. You weren't curious about that. What that was all about.
You didn't go and grab clearance and put your hand around his neck and squeeze like a chicken and say what the hell is this all about? You simple.
As much as I would like to know. I did not. Why not? Because I'm just a worker B. You're just a suck hole is what you are. You're perfect to replace bad.
Chris, because you're both a couple of suck holes. We're never going to get the truth out either one of you. I'm telling you the truth. No, you're not telling me the truth.
The whole concept of this is they know it pisses me off that fatso we don't have any continuity on the show and that fatso was never be there like he's supposed to be.
We don't have the regular board off like all the other shows are God. So this is what what's going on now and you're a party to it.
Okay. Am I right? No. There's a party party. Yeah. Yeah. W. D. Q. A. M. Hello. Try it again. Q. A. M. Hello. Yeah. Dolphin sucks. So I have to say. Dolphin sucks. Not good grammar, but a very
purification observation is correct. Dolphin sucks. W. D. Q. A. M. Hello. Yeah. Hey, I actually I emailed you a story of the bush buying some land in your
way. Did you get that? No. No. Okay. Apparently he bought a whole bunch of land down there and he's and the government found out about it. So they're keeping him under
high. They got to bring him up a war crime charges. Yeah. Okay. Turn up a little louder so you can hear your voice. Okay. It'll give you a
sexual excitement. Also, he's going to pardon himself. That's the other room that they're spreading. Is he going to pardon
himself? Uh-huh. Pardon me. Uh-huh. W. D. Q. A. M. Hello. Q. A. M. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? Okay. It's been a long time without. No, not long enough. Quarter
slot guy. Uh-huh. No one he takes about three words out of his return to the mouth. It's been a long time, but I
corner slot guy here. Yeah. How could you spot the slot? Yeah. I don't know how you could spot him. I'd like to spot him. Yeah. Yeah.
I like to spot him with a couple of big brown spots. W. Q. A. M. Hello. Q. A. M. Hello. Q. A. M. Hello. Good morning. How are you? Quick. All this stuff has been locked in the
election. Everybody doesn't realize you know the juice is not getting another job. Who cares? Who cares? Oh, deny this. Good
idea. Hear you moron. They denied him. Oh my God. Maybe you can allope with screw in and Greg
read. Sounds like a perfect trifecta to me. And the whole sales department. Oh, they denied the juice. The
juice. First of all, anybody who calls him the juice. That's to be the tip off right off the
edge, you know, you're a mental defective. You're doing it. Those are my two thoughts as of this
moment. Move back down near and the juice and the juice or just step down like the guy says time
to step down. We got to got to step down. Not step up. In fact, it's Zach is going to be on
the show on Thursday. That just that just annoys the crap out of me because he's done
everything in his power to destroy the Joe Rocha with those guests with that. Oh my God.
I have to play the position. Yeah, that's right. You can't play. You know, he's just following
somebody's orders. Good enough for Joe Roas. What? You know, he's just following somebody's
order. How do you know that? Because that's how it works on these shows. And go from the
top on these other shows on the sports show. Some good guests. Oh, any minute now. Who
do you want to start calling? Heinrich Himmler. All right. I'll have him right on Joe Bell.
How about I ask the program director with clearance? That would be that would be a drug
antichid. Let's get Jimmy Cifilis on there. Maybe he could defend the defenseless. Tell us
why he's so bad on those games and why he was such a Nazi and I would be in the morning,
which I'm sure he still is. You haven't had anything to say about the election results.
Didn't I tell you a long time ago? Obama was the man he was going to win. You did. And
I said Florida, by the way. I still don't believe it. Believe it. All the states, even
Indiana, North Carolina, all the states he wanted Florida just shocks the living payers
and my friends. Because of the polls and the scuttle butt. Yeah, there's a lot of polls
in Florida. The best talent on the board. The best talent is the mad dog Jim Mandit.
Afternoons, four to seven sports radio five sixty QAM, the sports leader.
Just this cross examination, no G Simpson's robbery and kidnapping throughout the day.
Simpson said he was only trying to recover stolen personal property. Listen to what he said.
I just got the night that I killed the cold and wanted. Did I hit it out loud? I admit
to saying I just want the small bean butter knife I used to butter my crepes with all my
favorite sports things. Okay, 1045 at five sixty WQM. Let's take a look at the schedule.
See who's going to be on today? What we threw together. Big O to four rock solid.
Mad dog four to seven. Dolphin tonight. Seven away. DA to 11. Looks like a pristine schedule.
Except for the fact we got no tub of crap fat Chris.
Go got says love the ice nearby to you.
I need you need you need you need you. Yeah, okay. Thanks, go got.
Norma can't the fake Norma can't says obviously Joe Bell was taking a calculator
risk by offering you the low ball contract. If you had a real agent, he would have
counter offered at least with a perks. If not the actual salary. Guess what we did in
Joe Bell said, Oh, can't do it. Sorry. This is the outside limits of what we can do.
But have a nice day. It were probably pinching themselves when you took it.
Says the fake Norma can't. Aside from content, I knew it was the fake Norma can't because
Norma don't even acknowledge my birthday or the fact that I'm still alive or anything at all.
You're a good friend. Norma can't did a hell of a job for you by the way. Oh, yeah.
She's the best Brandon throws in his three cents about fat Chris. I'm inclined to agree with him.
You want to hear what Brandon has to say? Absolutely.
I think it's time to get rid of that tub of crap. There was a brief time where I defended him,
but after his abysmal performance and attitude is of late, move on, sir. I'm going to call
for the price quotes of bullets for that firing squad. It would be nice if you chipped in a few
dimes. Oh, I'll be happy to. I pay the firing squad and buy the bullet. Of course, I'm sure
that Brandon wants quarters included in that firing squad in the Congreline. What do you think?
Should we get a new board up when it's going to be there every day or what? Listen, what makes you
think they have one would give you one if one were available in the building? A regular board?
You know, it's not good. I'm a little tired. You sound really credited. I am a little bit.
Then he's down to office feed flea. Yep. I just got back from vacation. So what's that got to do?
You should sound full of vinegar and whatever goes with it. What goes with it? Oil? Yeah.
Full of oil and vinegar. P and vinegar. The fake Adam Kirschner says, I was listening on Friday.
I was not the board up on Hank Schoeglberg at night at WIOD. It was Manny Munoz.
I think Manny is probably the one who's sending this stuff because he's busy pretending to be a
broadcaster on IOD. WIOD? Oh, I hate that station. That's what he writes here at the end of his
fake email. Because you know, Manny, he was always a cranker. Right?
Cranker in a stanker. One of your people, by the way. Excuse me? Ronnie says, good morning. I just
wanted to tell you about a time I cramped my pants. I was in a bowling league with my wife and friends.
I was waiting my turn to bowl instead of going to the bathroom because I didn't want anybody to wait.
He had the other bowl in mind. But during that five minute wait, I cramped my pants.
Then I needed to bowl my turn with a turn my drawers, hoping it wouldn't fall out of the lane.
Well, it didn't. Can you imagine it would have fallen out of the lane and the ball went, oh my God.
That's what they call a real slider. Well, it didn't. So I ran to the bathroom.
Throughout my undies, clean up. I went to the stall. Put my undies in the toilet and went to flush
them. Well, it backed up the toilet and water was everywhere. So not thinking I reached in the bowl,
pulled out my underwear and went to throw them out. That's what another bowler from the league
walked in. So what was going on? I just smiled throughout my underwear and left.
I learned a lesson that day when you got to go find a place to unload and by the way,
happy-related birth this is Ronnie. Thanks Ronnie. I guess. What do you think? Sounds great.
So I'm open to suggestions today on email at nearrojers.com about whether I should
move back down there and do the show in the studio. Oh yeah, right. What?
It wouldn't last a month and I'm being really generous with that.
You hated here. And here's this salon thing.
Why are people still sending me stuff? The election is over. It's over. It's over.
That was up only 96 now. It's over. The election Obama went in the landside just like I told you.
He went in Florida like George told you and it's over. It's over. Give it a rest already with your
salon crap. Some of you people are so friggin' one-dimensional. My God. The same old tired swill.
You're right. I'm living down there. It's like, I don't know. I get some dogs again. You know,
have my nice house? Can't have any dogs in my place here. Plus I could lose one pet.
Very expensive one. What do you think? JYORO26. No, that's because you know,
you're just full of trash. My mouth. Yes, I am. Right. Exactly. An 82 year old woman is in
critical condition after SUV winner born and crashed into the garage of a sunrise home.
It happened around 1030 yesterday morning at a home on Lake Forest Drive. Witnesses said the
woman lost control of her Jeep Cherokee. Clipped a power pole and read off the other side of the road.
The vehicle continued picking up speed launching over a brick wall in bankman before crashing through
the garage door of Gentry Lewis's house. The SUV knocked down the wall separating the garage from
the den before finally coming to a stop. 17 year old Anna Elise Lewis said she was in bed when the
house shook violently. I was thinking we really don't have earthquakes here that much,
said the high school student, that much. Do we ever have earthquakes in Florida? No.
She says she will not that much. She says she went outside so I smoked pouring from the garage
on the end of the house. Still not knowing what had happened. She called her father who told her
to call 911. Gentry Lewis says he rushed home from work to find the SUV lodged in his garage.
The elderly driver still trapped behind the wheel. She was so stunned she couldn't move,
said Lewis. I just tried to reassure that she was okay. EMS was on the way. Everything would be
just fine. Oh, we're fine. Terminus Cudmerlin born steam free from the vehicle and rushed to the
hospital. He was listed in critical condition. Lewis said she lives down the street from him,
but this was the first time he actually met her. Heck up a way to meet a neighbor for the first
time. He said he's praying that born steam will recover and he pointed out she might have been
killed instantly if her SUV gone three feet to the left where would have struck the brick wall
that separates his two garage doors. God had a hand in it. He said, God just somehow helped her go
straight through there. Oh, yeah. Yeah. God was at the wheel. No question about it. He said he's
not worried about his home. He and his family will stay with relatives until the garage and then
can be stabilized. 82 year old woman in sunrise. She went right through the wall.
But God had his hand in it. You God people, man. You just cracked me up. It's just silly.
Oh, here's another Adam. He says happy belated belated birthday. Yeah, it's getting a little
bit late now. It's five days after the fact but nevertheless. But I got a whole bunch of them from
last week. I haven't read yet. I'm going to save them for the show today because they're ain't much
around today. No, there's nothing. You know, now that the election is over, salon.com says where
the candidates now? Who cares? It's all over. Okay. Oh, here's the fake Adam Kirschner who says,
what's wrong with George? Is he putting his head on the table or reading the newspaper?
He sounds like a malcontent. I think you should move back to South Florida. I'll come in and be your
board op if you want. Have you been to the melting pot lately? Why would I have been to the melting
pot lately when I'm not there? You know, we don't have no melting pot here. Schmuck. See, they're just
they're just picking on everybody today. Sure. What's the topic ought to be fat Chris? He's the one
they should be picking on who's again a wall. So you just got one text message where reply from him
is editfully? No, I got one. I told him to text you it. It says, I told Neil last Friday I'm working
Thursday's show not Zach. All this happened before the show, but apparently he forgot.
He said he was going to be off Friday. Period. Period.
Nothing about nothing here today. Now, what were you saying Zach before George so rudely interrupted?
I'm flea. What I call you? Zach. Oh, well, whatever. Whoever you are. What's 400 pounds difference?
Let me see. He sent another one. He says went over the schedule on Friday. I'm off today off
Friday since I'll be at the station till 1 a.m. or later. And I told Josh I'm working the show
Thursday. Neil. New all this Friday because I told him I told him wrong.
He said at least a couple of times on here he was going to be every day except Friday this week.
I agree. Then you were you were witness to it. You said right there pretending to be awake and
paying attention. I did. Adam in somewhere. I don't know where this one is. Oh, he works for a
TV station in South Carolina. It says no different than Florida except for the Confederate flag.
It's still flying on state house grounds. Anyways, I'm on a sideline Saturday at the South Carolina
game Cox football game and standing two feet from me is this bearded man with aviator glasses and
messy hair. I didn't think he was anyone special till the PA announcer came on during one of the
time outs and announced it was Michael Phelps. Neil the guy looked like he crawled out of a dumpster,
but that didn't stop throngs of people from trying to get his autograph. Guess he couldn't stand
being so a hairless after the Olympics and so grow test by the way which I'm sure he still is.
He is an a space event. Love the show. I remember eight years ago when I was a university of Florida
and there were about oh and there about began our eight year nightmare. I'm so glad it's over.
I'm happy people finally came to their senses and voted for Obama although you wouldn't know
it in South Carolina where it feels like 1865. Love the show. If you have time, can you place a
Jim Mandish clips? No. No. If not, I understand. Okay, Adam. I'm glad you understand.
Some Jim Mandish clips. Well, what does that mean? Like there you go. There's a Jim Mandish clip for
Adam. So many Adams out there and so little time, you know what? Oh yeah.
But you are off your feet today. I think maybe you need another few weeks off. I think that's a great
idea. I think maybe Chris needs the rest of the year off. Brandon says first off, I've told
to the story what happened to me in Disney and crafting my pants, but I remember one time in high
school, I encountered a situation where somebody obviously had done the same. I went to the bathroom,
walked in the stall to find a pair of boxes on the toilet seat and one serious mess all over the
seat and floor. You would have thought somebody took a dump in an inflated balloon and popped it.
Next while I don't think you should move down here to do the show, I do think you should do
the show here every so often. Like maybe five or six times a year for a week or two, just my
opinions is Brandon. He's the only one that cares enough to have an opinion. The rest of the
public. Step down. Time to step down. Gotta gotta step down. 464 votes on fat Chris's poll,
even though he's not here today. He's a turret man. He has no loyalty to the show whatsoever. None.
Even flea agrees with that. Yep. I mean, well, I don't understand how you can keep doing, not that I'm
complaining at least we got somebody in there, but what what kind of a schedule if you got that
permits you to like a city or an center for hours all of you should see he has to run back and forth
all the time. Yeah, that's true. He hasn't promoted the computer in here. He's been promoting
using how much to do during the break. He's on the phone trying to do his job while he's doing this
one. It's not easy. I can tell. Two minutes to 11 at 560 WQM week after week. More and more people
why you should have been here on Thursday. We had tropical acres on Thursday. So,
hold out in less than a minute. So, dovetail me.
The biggest name of this talent. You're listening to sports radio 560 WQM.
My, my, my Emmy for Latter-Day. This is the Neal Roger show. You, you, you, you, you, you, you.
You're failing. This is your brain. Any questions?
Some stations give you cards. Some stations give you cash. But this station is going to give you
the best gift of all. Because this station is going to give you peace of mind. They're bad.
Just beat a third color when you hear this sound. And we'll give you a lobotomy. That's right.
We'll remove the part of your brain responsible for coherent thought. No more fear. No more
problems. Just stay after day of peaceful living in a semi-digitated state. You'll be surrounded
by people who will close you. Feed you and record your every bubble movement. Spend your days
playing with bits of paper and brightly colored blood. 24 hour piece of money because you had a lobotomy.
This station is not liable for botched lobotomies that leave winners nearly stupid instead of peaceful.
But we will try to find you a nice job in an area convenience store on the night ship in the back.
Lose your mind. Literally. People listening to ways.
7202 at 560 WQM. Happy Monday to you. Fat Chris ain't here with us today. He's on a way out.
I mean, is he really that stupid? What do I mean? He always tells us that he needs this job, right?
Yeah. And haven't we been going through this thing for like the last several weeks now with this
football season? And about the fact that he's not here when he's supposed to be most of the time.
Mm hmm. Well, if he really needs the job, well, how long does he think he's going to have it if he
doesn't show up? Well, that's the problem that when you have two masters over here because these
people need him to be doing other things today. They're going to fire him today. Well, apparently he
hasn't had days off in a while. So he's taken the day. Isn't that the usual excuse?
Let me say it again. He gets paid hourly. Mm hmm. He could be here four hours today sitting on his
bedass getting paid to be sitting on his bedass. But no, no. We got to fake flee by the way.
Sweet. What you didn't send me any email? I did send you. Yeah. Spill FLEE. Yeah.
He can't even spell his own nickname. What up? That is how it's spelled E with enough. Yeah,
like fleeing the scene. Schmock. Somebody called me tick on Saturday. Thanks to you though. Yeah. Good.
Good. Because sometimes you really tick us off. Your friend FLEE has sent you a link to this story.
Authorities say it and then of course there's a link which I didn't waste my time with.
Authorities say an argument over Saturday's Alabama, Alabama,
LSU football game led to the shooting deaths of a couple at a home in Southern Alabama.
Prosecutors identified the victims as Dennis and Donna Smith of Bruton. The shooting happened
around 7 p.m. Saturday at the home of Michael Williams and the Royal Community of O'Wassah.
Williams was arrested charged with two cons of murder. Over an argument over the football game. That's
right. Your team sucks. And you're all dead. Well, screw them. You really felt that was worth my
attention that story. Little bit. What do you think George? Pretty weak, huh? Oh, yeah,
I ignored it completely. That was up 45 points. It was way the hell up earlier and now it's up only 45.
I think now that the election is over, maybe we should turn off CNN.
I mean, like if the world is coming to an end, we'll know what anyway when it happens, right?
We will. Maybe I'll go to the, how about some hockey? How about those Panthers? They'll do their
day. How about some hardest raising? Yeah, I went to the racing channel, but oh, wait a minute.
What the hell just happened there? Where's the audio?
Weird. That's so an anti-John.
Well, it must be, it must be the channel. There we go. That was the Bruins pounding leaves
four to two or five to two. We don't want to hear that. Harness racing? How about some
thoroughbred racing from Mount near parts? And away quickly flying in Tognito and draw play.
Then comes a Carla Freestona in between Runaes Sharman Gold. See, heroes ghost down along the inside
followed by Ready for Regent. I don't know about you, but I'm really burned out. I mean, Trevor
Demon is the best. He's great, but this British accent, you know, we don't want to hear a bunch of
silly brits calling races. We're doing anything else. Do you? I'll buy a Carla Freestona. Sure, why not? No. Go back
where you came from, your bloody brits. The fake Larry King is back again. I think we got just three
or four e-mailers today, but that's okay. Keep in common. We need your help badly. Now that my birthday
is over and the election is over, they're out of material. Badly. Larry King, the fake one says,
have you been in Facebook? It's the new craze. No, I'm not heaven in Facebook and it's not new.
By any stretch of the imagination, it's the new craze. Charlie Maddo says, hi, I worked with him at Glow's 94. It says.
Well, first of all, Larry King never worked at the Glow's 94.
So whoever this is, so just another industry loser, you know, I understand. We can relate.
You've been in Facebook. Why would anybody want to waste their time with that after all agree from my space?
I used to fly in Cock Meadow, scores by falling, so the draw play it. I beg your pardon? I use it.
Get into Facebook. Yeah, old high school, old high school friends. It's a slightly different kind of a deal.
Less fake, more real. There's real people on there? Yeah, if you want to find them and people.
There's a real a hole on my email, Eric K. Hey, Eric, you're an idiot. It says, tell me what you think.
You're an idiot. You're an a hole. Now I forwarded to you just to show you the kind of crap that I get over the weekend.
I didn't know with three in a row from Eric. One of them saying, oh, gee, I'm sorry for sending you so much email.
My computer's all screwed up. And then there was one with some pictures that I guess we're supposed to be titillating in pornographic.
And I forwarded them to George even George agreed with me. First of all, mostly chicks. Yeah, who wants to see that?
But there was nothing, huh? Yeah, who wants to see that? No, but seriously, there was nothing part of graphing about them or titillating or anything.
They were interesting, right? No. Y'all, y'all, y'all. Exactly. It was like a bunch of people naked people from 100 yards away from the backside.
I mean, he's and he says, here is some picks. Let me know if you want more picks. Oh my god, Eric, please check yourself into a mental facility immediately.
Not sooner. He says, I couldn't turn on your program. You're signal is so bad here in surfside. But now I got you streaming.
See my front, Uncle. Nio. Love you. And then he's got two pictures of himself. Skinhead goofball. Tell me what you think.
I think you're a skinhead goofball and idiot, Eric. And I don't want no more picks. Go do some nose picks, Eric.
God. So you're right, man. They're out there. They are. Oh, yeah.
Out there. And if they're out there, we got them every last one of them. If we could have a thing in the book.
You know, a category, a demographic category for lunatics. Oh, yeah, for misfits. Oh my god, 100 shares.
Hands down your pants. I'm looking for something and I can't find it. One moment, please. We got a lot of time today.
How about that? Don't fans. We're smelling super bowl because they're my meat. Don't they almost lost to a girl's team. Boy, that is really embarrassing.
Don't let me forget to play that stench of common or think 20 or 30 times. Okay. Oh, here it is. I'll find it. Underhees. I was going to talk about Tom Jicke.
He's body stupid. So you know, on Sunday in the scum center, he's got this question and answer thing about radio and TV.
Tom Jicke. Yeah. Here's one of the questions from yesterday.
Our Jim Perian Bill Rampardy, former co-host of former host of card chalk, still alive. Also for the reader who
doesn't like the Marlins announcers, he should have had to listen to Mel Allen, the Yankees.
McLean Portable Radio's first became popular. People would bring them to the games.
Allen would make ordinary catches by Joe Dimaggio, a sound spec,
tanker and great place by other team sound routine. Says LP and Fort Lauderdale. It was obviously an idiot comparing the Marlins announcers to the great
Mel Allen, one of the greatest of all time. But Tom Jicke, being the idiot that he is and probably was a Dodger fan or something,
definitely didn't like the Yankees. He says, best information is that Perry 75 and Rampardy 64 are still with us. As for Mel Allen,
I had to put up with him growing up, says little Tommy. One thing about Tom Jicke.
So I hear what you're saying. Prior to telecasts of almost every game,
announcers had the luxury of knowing they could describe a play. Anyway, they wanted.
The only people with no better were a few thousand at the game. And there was no sports talk radio to expose them.
I've always suspected that at least part of the legends of old time hallfamers were inflated by announcers
and sportswriters who built them up through colorful prose and exorbitant praise.
Tomorrow, Alan's pet phrase, how about that? Well, how about that, Tommy? You're an idiot.
Mel Allen was one of the greatest of all time and you didn't like the Yankees. He didn't like Mel Allen. That's all very simple.
I mean, to be comparing the Marlins announcers, Dave Van Boring, coma inducing, terminal puke,
and rich waltz, even Flea would agree with that. Yep. Yep.
So what do you think? Now, now who are we going to get to board off the show now that that Chris has done?
See, this is the point I was trying to make earlier. You're not going to bring anybody in.
Listen, we had to fight if you recall to get another person in here at all, even though they have a, you know,
a same as you just went out and take whatever crap you're standing on. I'm not calling Flea crap. I mean, just,
you know, an assortment. No, first of all, what I understand is this is all temporary because the whole football season thing going on.
Well, guess what the football season's got another month and a half to go, baby. Oh, yeah. Oh, gee.
Nothing you would know that no or care. You would know that Matt Castle played a hell of a game.
Yesterday in the Patriots beat the Buffalo Bills 20 to 10. No, I don't know that there was 20 to 3 would like a minute and a half left. No,
big game this Thursday. Yeah. J E T S S stands for suck and Jeff, they sure put a, a whoop and on St. Louis, didn't they?
Yeah, but they're saying Lewis is a little girl. See when you play a little girl, see, you're supposed to be to crap out of them.
Like the Patriots beat Denver 41 to 7. Even with all their incredible injuries.
And the dolphins play Seattle and damn near blow the game there at the end. They nearly bloated.
Boy, can you imagine the national T there would be around?
Oh, and Georgia, we pleased to know that last week,
Jolly Joe was away for a couple of days because he went to Denver for the dolphin game. And
that's going to be the priority, the dolphin game. Uh-huh.
Because Jolly Joe has built that wall of football. Don't you understand where his heart is at? You're right about him.
I didn't think he was one of them, but you know what?
He's one of them. He's one of them.
And beside that.
This is for later.
Oh,
Brackham.
I was right on a train to Austin, Texas.
Oh, and the very lovely ladies had next to me.
When she got a ticket, she asked to buy what holds her sight.
I was more than happy too.
And now there's more I'd like to do.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet nothings in her ear.
Brackham.
I want to hold her behind.
Brackham closed doors and four.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
When she returned, she said she was an actress.
She showed me an album of pictures of her opening,
which she then said none.
She seemed as sweet as she could be.
But I could clearly see.
She was the kind of girl who stole that heart system.
Brackham.
Brackham.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet nothings in her ear.
Brackham.
I want to hold her behind.
Brackham.
Close doors and four.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
Well, I'll never forget the train right down to Austin.
We're saying you're the sweet and we shared our tales.
But as my heart flies to leave her behind,
regrets are all I find.
Because I hope that you get that girl in the end.
Brackham.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet nothings in her ear.
I want to hold her behind.
Close doors and four.
I want to kiss her, but you're fairly.
I want to kiss her, but I'm right.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
Brackham.
Hell, it damn they're killin' them.
1120 at 560 WQA.
I'm happy Monday to you.
Same old predictable tiredness, Neil.
Oh boy.
We had any good new ones we planned.
Oh yeah.
We don't.
And there won't be.
If you're sitting out there waiting for some great new bits,
then everybody's going to be talking about, you know, like sofa, king, and stuff like that.
Forget it.
That era is over.
It's over.
And once it's over, it's over.
Uh-huh.
509 on the pole on our poop pool.
Here's one from Keith.
He says, what's good, Neil?
I just started listening to your show couple of months ago.
Your show is the Schmidt.
I see you like talking bad about Chris a lot.
I think you might have a crush on him.
Evan Ali, Keith has never seen Fat Chris.
You're always mad when he's not there, and you're always talking Schmidt to him when he's there.
What's the deal with that?
You just need to go ahead and come back down and hook up with him.
You fear his.
They're so full of drama.
Give a shout out to George and flew for me.
Holla back.
Holla back.
Yo, Keith, yo, yo, yo.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
It lost.
Keith.
Brandance's there remember also during gym class one day.
This kid had an accident right there in the gym.
poor bastard, he had to run out of the gym, dripping down his leg in front of about a hundred other people.
I felt sorry for him.
But as means it sounds, that still didn't stop me from laughing at him when I had the chance.
Well, of course.
We like laughing at other people when it's their misfortune when it happens to us. We're like oh, you Schmidt, you know like that
Here's one from the fake Wally, Hennessey
Hey Wally, how's it going? A
Just a memo to all the a whole dolphin fans you're still six and 22 in your last 28 games. You still suck
You still are the worst damn franchise not a professional sports and you still won't be able to sniff the playoffs with Jimmy Duranty
Shnaz I hope you when you're choking dog team all die in a fire
Speaking of dying did you see that preacher roll croaked? I'll be then former Dodger preacher preacher of extra fleet. I don't remember him
No, remember the preacher. Nope
How about creature feature about dizzy Dean?
He slung it. He slugged into third and he slung it
And I think he's pretty dead and he ought to be what an illiterate gooffall he was all the good people are then we're here at the
Harness track sorry for all the money. I've caused you over the years the fake Wally, Hennessey hey Wally how's it going?
I wonder if Wally, Hennessey well, we already know he's not related to ed Hennessey all these incestors relationships
Yeah, maybe I'll start doing some more harness racing trivia and we'll drum up my old good friend Dan from Maryland again
Dan what what is it? No, T. Oh
Not Nick guilty not Nick Goldie Dan, no, T right who doesn't listen or he's going to the Philippines
Not soon enough though. Here's this guy from Fraser down right there tracking out a leader
It's pure form wild card in there
It's well Yankee back off the cones in fourth, but still got work to do five from the lead two more to CC Max
Serby girl on the outside and
Fraser Downs in BC baby
Sylvia's jewel
Looking to take it all the way
Rums of magic could be the danger with Glen. What is this track?
There's no
One third one flat it's Sylvia's jewel with a short blade and now rums a magic has pulled the trigger from a two-hole
Pure form wild card trying to make it a line of three down the lane in the opener
It's rums a magic with the lead now
Pure form wild card in a second Sylvia's jewel to the inside
Rums a magic he's great somebody send me his name, okay, so I can give him a shout out
Don't forget when it doubts shouted out what I'm shouting out. Oh
Well, these are they they showed the races from the previous day like all together
So that was only the first one. So I think we got nine more to go from Fraser Downs
Bill Davis won six races last night there six out of ten. That's pretty good. Oh
Bill Davis crusty old bill
The fake Larry King says nothing this goes to sure how many stupid people are out there
Fake Larry King says you should get a serious radio you can get all the NHL games
Guess what fake Larry King I get all the NHL games on TV on the NHL package
Oh
Radio when I can get him on TV you idiot you simple then you you ferry goofball good
Raise your towns with second roads
Great time
There we go
Pacing double L prize. He's good
24 past 11 at 560 WQM happy Monday to it
This is one of those days Georgia's back from vacation and flea is there and no fat Chris
I don't know why it's difficult for anybody to understand this is his job
How many times did we have this long convoluted conversation?
Mm-hmm. This is his job. He is the board off on the near-roger show Monday through Friday 10 to 2 and he said oh yeah
Yeah, but he's a turd. He's just a big lump of a turd is what he is when they made me your full-time producer
The old time-sellered producer. I still have to do all this other odd crap around the radio station
Yeah, so in you know for him just being the board up you think that they're not gonna make him do all these other things too
So what's that guy to do with it? Are you making excuses for his not being there like yeah, and like we discuss this morning
Remember they don't have to pay flee
Well, why not because he's not hourly. He's not our flea. Well, he should be
Give him about a bucket of an hour with that porpy voice in his
How about the chic let's bring him in yeah sure come on Neil go to serious go to XM go to
Yeah, I love those people go go to here and go to there like you know magic
Juan show up on day and say guess what I'm on tend to today on your thing
Go to serious come on Neil go to serious, please I
Think maybe tomorrow I'm not gonna be here. Yeah, yeah
No, that's right. Well, that'd be a threat
Because you're on the schedule man, just give me oh, yeah, well, you know what that schedule. You know you can wipe your ass with that schedule
That's a little rough
Have the old big brown. I would have to like couple it up a lot of shame that was and how about curling he's still running
There's still unfurling good old curling Frankie Dittore on the outside maybe look out for old Frankie
He'll give you the old Frankie spanky
Watch out for those Italian jockies man those Italian drivers and Rico beli. Oh, is he something else?
Greaser
27 past 11 and 5 60 WQ. Yeah, the sports leader
You can get it. You're gonna hear it. Yeah, get a bow
Fred Jones is a real guy co-customer not a paid celebrity so to help tell his story
We hired an actual celebrity Frankenstein. It was a rainy night when I got into my accident
He got real crazy when gas started leaking and my car burst into flames
But guy could to care me even though my car looked like it was destroyed by an angry mob
Oh
Geikon real service real savings real insane Halloween celebrities
33 oh, that's a Halloween spot. I didn't know that well. Let's play some for Valentine's day. Can everybody really for a right?
Oh, it's the same old stale spots Neil. Now there was a different old stale spot
Jim Salamone says dear Neil I normally do not attend Buffalo bill of games
But since Brady Quinn is coming to town for the money not game. I might have to go. Hey Jim you ferry
No news on Michael if Michael Phelps will be in attendance for the game
But TV downs is good the bills are bad and says Jim. Okay, whatever you say Jim
Also Robin Colorado says the announcer trades your downs is Rick uple four claimers and four condition
Billies and mayors all on the game
Praise it out. Skip race the Sunday afternoon feature. Yes
Rooight
There you oh
Pacing summer. I wonder how you can do that without choking and gagging on you know. Yeah, how do you do that? I
Don't know he's funny though. Oh, here's the abullion to D bag
It's as fat Chris gave me a pink eye
I should have no better than to answer the add on Craigslist Miami in the casual encounters MM4M page
The nude picture of fact Chris and jolly Joe engaged in the 69 was too much to resist and they just wanted someone to come over and videotape them going
Ask to ask with each other. I should have known if I Chris will get excited and lick my eye now. I have cysts never again
Says the abullion D bag
Don't know if this here's a pull idea. I'm gonna read them all okay, all right
Could take a whole bunch more calls flea is a deadly on the calls that we hate some like poison
He was really resisting last week a couple of times. Yeah, well
Don't do it. Don't do it. No do it
Did we actually take any last week or not? Yeah for like two seconds remember it started out with my friend. Oh, yeah
No, it was hi one
Hi Ron
Of subby you heard a human tragedy. He is a subhuman tragedy your good friend Doran the moron my buddy
Yep, your pal. Oh, yeah
Right alongside is to the rodeo princess there the three deep now lady Lula
He's don't divide to the inside and compromised as doll three quarter time
126 and three just a 29 flat third quarter and summer for a rinco is a reaching for the lead
Red star glenna trying to fight back on the inside rodeo princess angle to the outside
Coming down the line summer Franco now kicking into that lead red star glenna and then rodeo princess as they hit the wire
Davis double down
Summer
Oh, okay
Here's an email says click on a words baby boomers and have the sound on hilarious. It says too hilarious not to share I just believe it
What what part of don't send attachments and don't send links don't they understand what what part of that don't they get the dope part all?
Here's one with an attachment the same Oprah show the doctors started a good poop show should be a single a single two foot long piece
What does that mean the same Oprah show the doctor stated a good poop should be a poop should be a single two foot long piece
What about plops says Andrew and they's got an attachment here delete
Delete oh
Yeah, this this is an old story, but it's good about the lady on the lady driver on his amboni
Did you hear this story no
It's not great, but it's sure better than the plops and poops
It's the down great sex
There we go
Oh, hey, see anyway, here's this says don't know if this has already been done. Who are the cheapest tippers?
Yeah, it's been done and you don't even have the right choices on here JCS
Doctors lawyers radio people TV people executives people born into money and of course the obvious answer is
Frogs right haven't we done that a million times yep
He says you get the idea. Yeah, we've had the idea done the idea a million times the reason for this pull idea comes from a girlfriend
I had a refuse to leave a tip she was in medical school and believed she spent lots of money for school and didn't believe people should get asked her for doing what was already their job
I see
Here's one from Robert. Oh, this is the one. It says only in Canada 34-year-old woman from Kingsville, Ontario has been charged with impaired driving on a Zamboni
provincial police and off duty officer spotted the woman driving erratically on the ice resurfacing
Kingsville arena on Thursday night the driver was missing major spots on the ice and bumping into the boards at one point
Police leads the woman stopped the Zamboni and slumped over the steering wheel
Police say they fought a bottle of vodka on the woman
The zoom was not released. She was arrested charged with impaired operation of a motor vehicle and driving over the legal alcohol limit
The woman is scheduled to appear in Windsor in on December 2nd
Driving impaired via Zamboni
Only inside dropping back a little as my alibi Kings highway silly else. You're the one responsible for this
You said how about some harness racing bring it on I don't want to disappoint. Oh here that
There that they're off the whale now coming under some whip urging that's far win the CEO
Oh, here's one from the fake Adam Kirschner again
You have to get away from WQA M
I heard Nick Charles made you an offer that you refused. Yeah, Nick Charles
What's wrong with you when you're gonna sign with serious your buddy Scott for else making a lot of money
You're wasting away at WQA M it says
Yeah, Ken Charles made us no offer. Okay, in addition to which who now wants to work for them
Chief channel
For
Andances I know however you once in a while you glance over at small villa supernatural
But the conventional the oh, I'm sorry the CW was planning on continuing series based on the superhero
Your friend Dick Grayson aka Robin was scheduled to show about the Grayson family. I doubt for a word would have been starring
Ha ha ha ha, but you can only imagine who and I did not know this but Robin in the comics is now Nightwing
Did you know that?
For years. Yeah
For years I've been a long time ago in the comic book that is to say
At happened when I think when I was still a teenager. Well, what happened to Robin? He's still I mean dog he got replaced
Dick Batman and Dick Grayson had a falling out, you know Robin grew up
Batman had a falling out with Dick
Yes, uh-huh, you know he grew up. He didn't want to be the like a sidekick a second banana anymore
Want to do a branch out on his own and so Batman went and got himself a new Robin who was killed by the Joker and now there's a third Robin
At last count there might be a fourth and fifth
It was a reward not as pedophile. It all happened a long time ago. I see
Pull suggestion from Michelle
Things you ate as a kid, but wouldn't touch now
Fist sticks can ravioli cotton candy dirt baloney spaghettios matches. Oh my god. Who the hell kids eat matches?
Yes, the thing
The didn't cast a roll oatmeal cream of wheat hard boiled eggs or turkey roll or a leaf or loaf frozen processed turkey
You like that poor not?
You don't like it. I like any pull. I don't have to think of myself
Well, we'll say that for when you're doing the show again for when I take off and leave
With tomorrow's on the next
You know, there's no logic
4.5 60 QAM
Naked fourth leader neon god
Oh, I'm warning with the bars closing
How am I going to do? I'm a pig fat. She's slut. No, man. Oh, Gnie
What will I do and producing no expectations? The dating service for bar flies who just wants some
No expectations set me up with the girl that was coyote ugly
I'd rather chew my arm off that she was laying on rather than waker
I had a two-bagger salve
We both wore bags in case mine came off my man rolled me in flour when you got your beer goggles on and you want some and anything will do
Call no expectations
Look for a number above the urinal at your favorite bar
11.45 now there's an oldie same old uh cramp
That's an oldie that I forgot even existed right exactly well that's what I'm doing
I'm digging way back into the archives so we don't play the same old oldies
How about some different oldies?
Good idea. You play some bad new baddies
Like that
Yeah, Andy what Andy sends me this from Q&A and Andy's obsessed with poop obviously
Question I was watching Oprah I heard her doctor on the show say that poop should never float. Why?
I've not changed my diet at all, but all of a sudden about two months ago every time I have a BMI poop floats
Nothing like a root beer float
Is there something wrong with my system? I feel fine and have no pain or anything unusual answer
Health professionals have been debating the causes of floaters versus synchronous for decades
Rinds me my old friend that old lady that used to be on my show back in the day the sink or float lady really?
Yeah, is she any relation to the urine lady?
Yeah
Some believe floating is caused by access fat in the stool as a consequence of digestive disease
Others maintain that gas is the culprit
Do they were talking about farting on city news this morning?
No, you did say city right city news
Okay, right here in Toronto they were talking about it's a story we had months ago
About farting and I forget where I had something to do with health
I don't remember what it was but they were talking about farts
If you feel well and have no diarrhea other symptoms it probably makes little difference whether they sink or float if it persists
Tell your doctor your next visit so she or he can rule out anything serious. Oh doctor my BM floats
Just astonishing shocking
We may have to take some calls today
Because we got two hours and 13 minutes to get me
Yes
You just played a commercial where the yada yada yada
Uh, from moman oh god
I frequently play my CD of Mohaward bits. I always feel better after listening says Michael. Well good Michael
I'm real happy to hear it get some help
554 votes in our where did you poop pull at the movies none?
Well thank god for that although I've seen some pretty schmitty movies
See any good movies on your vacation while you were away
No, not really
Unfortunately, yeah, I still can't watch that movie with mad Damon and
Mad Damon and what's his name? What's his name?
Leo Leo, oh you talking about the uh
The department what is it they departed oh departed
It's good to call just yeah is it
But you have to go get you have to see it from the beginning. Yeah
See I made that mistake. I I didn't see it from the beginning
I went oh, what's going on here? Yeah, exactly and then I caught back up and it's like okay now it all makes sense
You liked it flea. Yeah, it's a good movie. Yeah
Well, you think flea. I thought I was good. Yeah, it was good
That's good. Leo's really the she can drag make no mistake about it. I need you to better net
Yeah
Or guilty when's guilty on the schedule he sure ain't getting too much work. Thank God
I'm looking. Let me see maybe on the weekend. Oh, yeah guilty 10 to 1 Saturday
Well, that's right. He's probably got to travel with the Panthers the Panthers who lose every day at least they're consistent
They have the worst record in the NHL by the way
And a little league coach nice going to Alan Cohen you are doing a hell of a job with that franchise
Maybe driving it right into the ground
Finish the finishing touches are putting on it
So what are you going to do tomorrow actually what I wouldn't do that to you? I would give you I'd send you a text message
Thank you. I give you a heads up say I'm on the road. I'll see you someday cover for me today and maybe tomorrow. Yeah
Might take me two three days to drive down there alone
Mm-hmm
Dr. Laura Slesinger is a radio personality who dispenses advice to people who call into a radio show
Recently, she said that as an observed observant orthodox Jew
Homosexualities in abomination according to Leviticus 1822 and cannot be condoned under any circumcise
The following is an open letter to Dr. Laura penned by an East Coast resident which was posted on the internet
Dear Dr. Laura
Thank you for doing so much to educate people regarding God's law
I've learned a great deal from your show and try to share that knowledge with as many people as I can
When someone tries to defend the homosexual lifestyle for example
I simply remind them that Leviticus 1822 clearly states it to be an abomination and a debate
I do need some advice from you however regarding some of the other specific laws and how to follow them
One when I burn a bowl on the altar as a sacrifice
I know it creates a pleasing odor for the Lord the problem is my neighbors. They claim the odor is not pleasing to them
Should I smite them?
Two I would like to summon my daughter into slavery a sanctioned annexed as 21 seven in this day and age
What do you think would be a fair price for her?
Three I know that I'm allowed under I'm allowed no contact with the woman who else use in her period of menstrual on cleanliness
Leviticus 1519 the problem is how do I tell I've tried
But most women take offense
Four Leviticus 25 44 states that I may indeed possess slaves both male and female provided their purchase from neighboring nations
A friend of mine claims it supplies to Mexicans but not Canadians. Can you clarify? Why can't I own Canadians
Five I have a neighbor who insists on working on the Sabbath Exodus
35 to clearly states issued but put to death and I morally obligated to kill him myself
Six a friend of mine feels that even though eating shellfish is an abomination Leviticus 1110
It's a lesser abomination than homosexuality. I don't agree. Can you settle this?
Seven Leviticus 2120 states that I may not approach the order of God if I have a defect in my sight
I have to admit that I wear reading glasses then does my vision have to be 20 20 years or some wiggle room here
Eight most of my male friends get their hair trimmed including they hair around their temples even though this is expressly for ridden by Leviticus
1927 how should they die?
9 I know from Leviticus 116 that touching the skin of a dead pig makes me unclean but I can I still play football if I wear gloves
10 my uncle has a farm he violates Leviticus 1919 by planting two different crops in the same field as this is wife by wearing garments made of two different kinds of thread
Cotton and polyester blend
He also tends to curse and blast him a lot is it really necessary that we go to all the trouble of getting the whole town together
Couldn't we just burn them to death at a private family affair like we do with people who think with their in laws Leviticus
If you've studied these I know you've studied these things extensively some confident you can help thanks again for reminding us of God's word as eternal and unchanging
You're devoted fan Jim
Pretty cute, huh? Yeah, old, but you're a far-biss and what old but always old. I never heard. Yeah, it's years old
Well, you would you know you probably wrote it throw those away all the time
You what you used to throw those all the way all the time when they would come in over the fax machine
But they but now it's an email sing right oh, I see
There are no emails in there right now. Neil at neorodges calm. I just mentioned that in passing case in
I mean, I know the elections over and that's the end of your material
I just mentioned passing I father paranoia
557 votes on the pool. Where is the most embarrassing place you've ever pooped your pants while driving my car 157
I've never pooped my pants 122 will get ready one day when you least expected
Oop at work 99 at school 67 at a restaurant 23 during nude male swim class 20 likely story
In bed 18 while participating in a sporting event since his wrestling 14
In a crowded elevator 9 while swimming in a public pool 7 while riding my bike 7 at the gym 6 at church 6 in a jacuzzi 3 and at the movies
Solamente uno
Google God's who is just chronic beyond belief
Chronic colors chronic emailers chronic uh, I have no life people
He says Neil Norma is just like everybody else in soft photos. As long as they get theirs they would um
Walk over you if you were laying on the side of the road
So why shouldn't it surprise listeners? He couldn't even send an email to you. Oh, hey, that's enough for me today
I don't want to be chronic today. Love you lots Google God's bye. Google God's
More than enough
God
Here's one again from the fake Larry King see what I mean?
Mm-hmm. We got like three or four people sending emails. They like we have three or four people calling on your friend
But that's okay something exciting will come along again like maybe I don't know conical Christmas new juniors
Fake Larry King's is a here stand majors on his deathbed too many stokeys I guess
Jim Scotter is alive and well George and fat Christian leave the show not you
Why don't you bring in a studio audience on Alex Ben? Yeah, that would work really well just like it did for him
Alice Bennett
Remember those days the life studio auto
And then of course like a schmuck I tried it a couple of times and all those people wanted was the free food
Right and once the food showed up there. They're all sitting around
My mic is wide open and they're all talking to each other like like there's not even a show going on
Like the old Yentus at that place I did the remote word. How was that a WS news in
Helen Dale I
Don't know they had the free food in the back of the room and all of a sudden when the free food arrived all the old Yentus from
Helen Dale come converging on that table in the back
Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba you know and I'm sitting up there trying to do a radio show that that was down 12 and I have points
by the way for those who were getting all excited earlier in the day don't count your appendices before they hatch
Don't you feel kind of like a little bit down out of the election is over I'm relieved
Oh yeah, please are you kidding me and you weren't even here for it that was by design
It was
Yeah
And why is that I knew there would be all this hoopla on stuff and I was already tired of it so
You believe that flee?
No, I don't either you're full of crack
All right
Little bit
Why
Goldstein but you can call me Kelsey whenever I'm in town. I listen to wait a minute. I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour
Oh
Kelsey
Talking on a sports show
Trying to be my show
Your voice sounds just like a seven year old girl a little sports whole show
What else are you there for?
Kelsey
Talking like a baby
Who needs a little training
Why can't you understand
You don't sound like a man
Remove the rubber bands that choke your scroll
Gilding
Gilding
Management
Because
You don't belong there on the air and
Gilding
Sports can wait till your voice cracks
Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop
Are you okay
When you're gonna grow up
You make us want to throw up
You still a squeaky boo
Go to broadcasting school
Your free you best sit boys
Make you sound like a hug
Your hug
Absolutely
Your hug
Probably one at five sixty W. K. L.I. made a mistake
I made a mistake Panthers one last night in Anaheim three to one who that was gonna stay up watch that
You stay up and watch it George
What what about you flee?
Nope. Did you even know that they won?
No, so now they only have the second worst record in the NHL
Here's one from the fake microcentals. You made a mistake
In fact, they won last night three to one in Anaheim had trick for David Booth mark my words Neil
He's the next Marcel Dion
So take care that they lose every day rhetoric and stick it up your ass
You made a mistake you made a mistake
We have only the second worst record in the league. We've turned the corner
I love you and you and my bed Neil the fake microcental. Oh, what I thought that is
W news time three twenty two
Wow
Everybody's a broadcaster do you notice that?
Huh, huh? So what are we gonna do about that Chris?
And we decided the other one. Let's take a poll if you wish get rid of this poop poll and take another one
What do you say is Eric and his thing and his getting his thing?
Is he in his cage? Yes, he's in the box the magic box
Oh wait a minute Brian says
Sappy movie but a halfway decent line related to the days pull in the bucket list
Jack Nicholson released a Morgan Freeman the three real rules for a good thing old
Never pass up a bathroom never waste day an erection never trust a fart
Says Brian
Never trust a fart that is cute. I like that. Thanks Brian
Had to clean up just a little bit just a tad foot and think tad still footing no
We got that big UM Virginia Tech game Thursday. Wow. We got hundreds of hours 330 a pre-game starts four hours before the game
Get a lot of spots in that segment baby
And the hurricanes of Virginia Tech and then the hurricanes extra point we got like until one in the morning that crab
I mean and then of course including
Which is shows we have no shame at all
You want to change the poll and pull one on there about fat Chris if you want I'm not joking
I'm serious
I'm not joking but I think you're a little bit more delusional than usual as you as you get older
We had to fight to get someone in here. I don't like the way he bs's though, you know
If he's not gonna be here tell me about it
According to him he did
Full of crap. He's saying he's gonna be not be here Friday and flea is in ear witness
Flea was sitting right there. He knows how quiet he is today. Yeah, he's like not being back to the mold from what I hear
He's busy taking notes for jolly joe
That's right
Hey guess what y'all man
man
Look at a oh here's a panel from 1950s comic Batman comic that the
Branden just sent me morning and it looks like any other look at that
Bruce Wayne and his ward dick Morrison
The Grayson they're sleeping in the same bed
He says oh that was good sleep come on dick a cold shower and a big breakfast
And then down to the bat cave to repair the batman wheel. I'm way ahead of you. Robin says they're sleeping in the same bed
This was in a 50s Batman comic book
Yeah, well, they Abe Lincoln did that a lot too. That's oh, I'm sorry wait
You stop picking on honest Abe honest honest engine
One thing about that a man one thing he was not was a
Intent killer
I think they killed him all by that time. I was Andrew Jackson's bag. That was his bag
Good old hickory old hickory
Born in a cave in Tennessee somewhere and pitched out of an egg. They call me old spickery
Let's see here's one also the Panthers have the next of the worst record not the worst guilty had laryngitis on the Saturday night broadcast
You couldn't even understand them sounded like a sick frog
Popman was telling him on the air to leave and go home, but he wouldn't go. How sad. Love you. Says Tony
Thanks Tony. We love the Panthers. They won a game
They're really lame
Here's one that says long time. Let's do you make my job delivering me a fly
Well, I wish I could fly fly right out of here right now
Anyways, you know that one of your favorites from soap days just in heartley did a hero pilot. I don't even know who that is
Justin Hartley
Hey, Justin
I don't know who that is. He started his Aquaman from a smallville spin-off lots of skin as you can imagine from a show that deals with swimming and such
I never picked up because of the cost of the oh, we was never picked up your George can get on the
Torrent sites of entrance it truly worth a watch
So there must be some naked chicks on there too, I guess
Okay, Justin Hartley never heard of it. Let me go over there. I know Justin case
I know Justin time
You know
We love the panthers. They really suck. Oh
Justin who the hell are you?
Wow
Now we're getting out of here with his out you chosen to open Aquaman something or other crap
I
See him but I don't know who that is, but he sure looks good to me. You sit with his shirt off. Mm-hmm some guy
I don't recognize where I know him from you ever seen something like that. Oh, I know that all the time
Where do I know that person from and can that be felt like that you know
Justin Hartley
Well, I don't have time to pock you around here. We got a high price show going on
Or least we should have there's nothing in the emails by the way. I just mentioned that in passing
So thanks to JCS for the um
For the up chalk on that, but I still don't know who the hell that is
Sarah Palin blamed by the US Secret Service over death threats against Barack Obama
I could either I've got some bedtime stories or I could finish off the last six thousand of those emails happy birthday
Here's one from first ski
From last Wednesday
Here's Mark and Kendall to say I'm pleasantly surprised is a massive out of statement. This was about the election not about my birthday
I figured the presidency would go to a Democrat, but when you started talking Obama so long ago
I thought you were bad crap crazy. It pleases to me to say you were absolutely correct sir
Mark and Kendall
Now might as well get these out of the way right sure
Here's one from Jeff S have the best 96 best of 96 disc. I've been listening at least that long keep doing whatever the heck you want and we'll continue to appreciate it may would by and be kind. Yeah, I had a good weekend. It would buy
Saad says just wanted to thank you for all the years of best entertainment and enlightenment in dreary and ignorant sound flow to wish you a very happy and healthy birthday. How about that Eric uh
And or whatever was here are some picks you want more picks. Well, what do you think? Oh?
Well
He makes jolly joe look like a Rhodes scholar. That's what I'm more on here
I'm glad I see those picks we know it's just not just me. I'm missing the number one hour. Are you?
Did I throw it out or what? Well, it's just not do it
No, there's wait a minute one more break just skip ahead to the uh to the one to two hour and we'll leave it one o'clock. Okay
Sounds like a plan
Anybody want to refax me the new to one hour or two? I mean just tell me which break we have the live spot in
Flea you have a live spot for one 800 mattress at the 1225 spot
1800 mattress
Dullamatchus then
No, I know but I already did that spot the only one once a day must be sure is maybe I did the wrong spot in that break
I have one scheduled for 1225
Let me say it again schmuck
Maybe I did the wrong spot in the last the last live one I did maybe I did the elementary so I was supposed to do a
Chula steakhouse maybe I do yeah, maybe I dude maybe I do did
What do you think can you handle it he doesn't understand the log okay? That's all right nobody's counting
Strictive promotions what what spot is it and when are we doing it? It's not dial amateurs trust me. I've already done that
Okay, I don't have any other live spots in the law. We do let me tell you
Boy he is already did it really slowly now go back to the previous the first two hours. Okay, can you handle it?
Okay, you guys chula's live spot at 1055 correct and you had a chula's live spot at 1155 see and I did dial amateurs there you go
So in the next now which break is
1225 I'll do the other chulas okay, you got it can you handle it?
I think I got it. I think the first year's getting to you now a fat boy. We're there. We wouldn't have this problem if tummy
We're there, but he's not
Piece of turd fat big smelly piece of turd man
The Republican Vice-Presidential candidate Sarah Pailin attracted criticism for accusing Obama of piling around with terrorists
Setting his association with 60s radical William heirs
The attacks provoke a near-lynch mob atmosphere at her rallies with supporters yelling terrorist and kill him until a McCain campaign ordered her to
Tone it down tone it down bitch
But it's now emerged that her demagogic tone may have unintentionally encouraged white supremacists to weave in further
The secret service warned the Obama family in mid-October. They had seen a dramatic increase in the number of threats against the Democratic candidate
coinciding with Mrs. Pailin's attacks
Michelle Obama the future first lady was so upset that she turned to her friend and campaign advisor Valerie Jarrett and said why would they try to make people hate us?
The revelations contained in a newsweek history of the campaign are likely to further damage Mrs. Pailin's credentials as a future presidential candidate. Oh, yeah
She's already a frontrunner would Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal to take on Mr. Obama in four years time
Despite the spike in threats to Mr. Obama or details of the spike come as a report last week by security intelligent
Analysts strat for warned that he is a high risk target for racist gunmen
It concluded two plots to assassinate Obama were broken up during the campaign season and several more remain under investigation
I rate John McCain aides who blame Mrs. Pailin for losing the election claim she took it upon herself to question his patriotism before the line of attack
Have been cleared by Mr. McCain
The advisors have branded her a diva and a whack job and claims she didn't know which other countries are in the North American free trade area
They say she's been more than 150 granted designer clothing including 40 grand on a husband Todd
And she refused to prepare for the disastrous series of any views with Katie Kirk and yadi yadi yadi it goes on
In other words in simple language. She's a simple them in case you haven't figured that out yet
They act like it's very complicated, yeah
She's a simple and a dumb bitch. Oh Africa is a nation
And now they keep showing her a denial that that was of 72 cents go collect right now
Go to the window
The fourth leader the biggest name the best talent is the mad dog
A man that's after New Orleans for the seven sports radio five sixty QAM these
leaders
You got
In your face
on the
Of the radio show who is doing Google Aberdeen's of your doodle hole with 120 minutes of episode their Excel winter is on the jack show
theater of the mind
It's time now for the Jason Jackson guitar of the fight
Science my friend where is Othello who is this Othello you speak up Othello
Othello
Who are all fellow Othello Othello who gets moist for 120 minutes of sports talk to the law
Oh
Those are professional broadcaster. I know I'm professional. It is the rig. Every member of your family on the air
Today just so happen they got my uncle on the line. Oh Rudy Clay the mayor of Gary Indiana
Who otherwise be known as Rudy? But go near your uncle Rudy. Oh, I took you so long getting those votes now
Oh, where we got up many as
Thousand votes a little thousand or that ride up
Eleven thousand to be a lot of votes to be counted. Well, it's not related to those boards. I gotta be going. Oh
That's too bad. I was gonna put you on the phone with Kawhun Deloya
You know the level of the level of the level of the pool from 18 boy. We sure missed that jerk two to four don't we?
Rock solid. God was that a sure one, huh
There was something oh and anyway, Justin Harley played Fox on passions. Oh, it's in needle mode's ugly
He looks over this close off though. I'll say that but they're not good
So whatever that thing was all about El Paso, okay. Thanks, but no thanks Fox
Fake Jack Moisea says who is more incomprehensible
Religious maniacs when they're speaking in tongues or Joseph Gacchi and Don Bailey Jr
On their call at the end of the Miami Virginia game
Holy Milnerid, which is much quicker than saying holy mother of Neil God. They are the WOT worst of all time
Oh, that would be a good color is WOT. Wow
Don't you like that? No, it's good as WTF, but yeah, what do I know?
It's stand major really on his deathbed. Maybe the two thousand dollars is in his will
Whatever happened to Stu Goldstein aka the keeper of the keys ash the fake Jack Moisea
Yeah, wasn't the only young and restless though. He was on passions JCS chronic passions
Here's one from it says hello Neil. This is jolly Joe. Oh
I have a birthday gift for you
Yeah, yeah, no the professor just to send you yeah, when is it when my ass? Okay, they barely squeak by a girls theme, okay?
Rationalize all you want it was really desperate
This is jolly Joe. I have a birthday gift for you. Oh, I'm sending you a picture of me to hang in your home. Oh, it says oh my god
Yeah, I'd like to hang him
Not here though. It bring the whole ceiling down
Whenever great if we hung his ass outside the building there on the corner just as asked
Well the rest of them too, but I didn't get on the other side. Yeah
Adam says who did you do that all these people the fake Adam Kirschner
I wonder if we have any real people out there any people with real names or because I know I said that before and you had
Like if there was a long pause. Yeah, this is the ultimate in
anonymity
email
Makeup on address then make up another address then if they block you make up another one and just just keep making it up
The fake Adam Kirschner says who did you hurt game baseball broadcast was it on wandws and channel 33 correct
I remember was Bob Greasy. That's what on channel 33 that is correct. You're writing a book or what? Oh
And ws news ended the games with Bob burger. I have no idea whatever became to him
He went to UP uh, I radio and then they went out of business UP. I remember yep
And I did him with farting Dave Lamont one year and then a cold crusty mort uh
Lou Ballubo more at Loubo
What an old fart he was he must be dead by now. I would imagine anybody know if more at Loubo's dead or alive
No old tode
Mort Loubo and Bob Greasy by the way was just his boring back then as he is now
On the air and off both
On the first Sunday after a game marriage band passed in California activists
Related and defines including hundreds of protesters outside of the Orange County mega church whose past year brought Barack Obama and John McKean
Together last summer for a faith forum
About 300 gay rights advocates fan out alongside walks leading the saddleback church in Lake Forest to voice their anger
The church is supportive property there had gone nuts with the Mormons by the way
I never realized the Mormons were that homophobic is uh
Yeah, you know, there's a lot of there were a lot of surprises around that
What do you mean by that all of these people who have been victims of prejudice like the Mormons in their early days end of blacks and the blacks
Mm-hmm women
Are incredibly hypocritical and homophobic when it comes to that particular issue. Yeah
Well, I've often I mentioned last week after those elections that blacks
You know celebrating that Obama's you know won the election which is great
But in the meantime they came out in gigantic numbers in California and in Florida by the way to vote against gay marriage shameful
Yeah
We the Bible says the Bible says there's the Bible says that yeah and the Bible says the Bible says the dollar is from Kane. Yeah exactly
Ed Tadaskeini a human rights campaign volunteer a cue saddleback in particular of helping propagate what he called
Miss information about the supreme court ruling including that gay marriage would have to be taught to kindergartners
A message seeking comment left of the church's main orifice which was closed yesterday was not immediately returned
They told such obvious lies they used their lies to deceive the public
Tadaskeini said that the church which gained national attention August when its pastor Rick Warren brought Obama and became together and discussed their religious faith
The two candidates embraced her and often contentious presidential campaign
Tadaskeini said yesterday's rally was peaceful with demonstrators waving placards with slogans including equality for all and shame on you shame on you
Shame on you Johnny Joe Bell shame on you
You remember what was passed last week with 52% and you know how surly. Oh
Flea got there during that discussion about the spa. Sorry. See he puts on this act of being Mr. Mellow mild manner
But he's a mole man. He he is the ultimate mole. Just a little tired from last night from what went to the cold place?
And it was great. They're really good
The amendment passed last week but 52% of the vote in California backflash of churches over their support swept across California
Yesterday after days of protest in Oakland a large protest at the city's Mormon temple
Led the California highway patrol to close to highway ramps to ensure pedestrian safety
protest organizers said they hope to tone down the anger that characterized some previous demonstrations
Our intent is not to disturb churchgoers organizer Tom benindictus in the statement
Our goal is to mend fences and build bridges so that all Californians can achieve marriage equality under the law
The pastor of the 4,000-member All Saints church in Pasadena spoke out against proposition eight calling the religious community support of it
embarrassing
The church announced that while it can no longer legally marry same-sex couples it would continue blessing gays of all unions
It's very unfortunate and embarrassing that the Christian religion is in large part responsible for this active bigotry the Reverend Ed Bacon said after sermon
And Sacramento the protest at the state capital was boisterous but peaceful as speakers led the crowd noisy chance
Protesters wave rainbow flags are simple of the gay rights movement and no one eight sons is police watch from the side
Speaking on CNN's late edition yesterday Republican governor Arnold Schwarzenegger expressed disappointment and propates passage
It's unfortunately said but it's not the end because I think I'll go back to the courts
It's the same as the 1948 case when blacks and whites were not allowed to marry it falls into the same category in California
Said the illiterate Arnold the embarrassing Arnold
Governor of California
That that should be a requirement that if you're gonna be the governor of a state you ought to at least be able to pronounce it
I'm a grape either
Well almost now guaranteed if he was in total state of panic there's about a half a second. Where you should just in a move. Yeah
Get the spray can out kill the flee
You
Get him
I'm telling that fat Chris is starting to look at how well I better now you know it yep
Hey, don't forget you're doing chula's now not mattress
I have it in my hand right now. What about the copy and the copy to schmock
Oh
Some people call me blue collar
Oh
Don't call me a real American
My name is Joe words oh
Famous because I asked the question
Oh, I'm a watch the risk of taxes baby
Once I spread my money around money around
Well that sounds like communism to me
Give it handouts to the poor just strikes me as wrong
I'm not a doctor. I'm Joe the plumber a hard worker don't drive a hammer
Try to leave the American dream
I'm sure the plumber what a plumber politicians gain dumber
And I only need to get the kid
From 31 there was another genius another skinhead he reminds me of that Eric K with him here. Here is some pictures
Remember that mm-hmm
Wasn't that fun
Yeah, well, I'm not laughing at that. Okay, something else all right, but you know it sounds like I'm laughing at that
So, you know, yeah, whatever well no the audience is curious for example
Here here's a couple and then the audience doesn't want to show what they want is
information
Okay
Like in the prisoner all they wanted was in formation
Right? Okay, that that's right. You know something you got me. Did you get it from me or somebody else got it from me?
Got what from you the clop prisoner the whole series
I think Boka Brian got you that no, maybe it was me then
Ha, it was it was one of us and that actually showed up George got me another book about the slum is
Yeah, you gotta do you get it next time to suck us yeah
See this is what the plan is George every year. I'm my birthday against me another book from Amazon never shows up
It doesn't show up so my goal is to live long enough for the books to show off
That's my goal
Okay
Right what about Joe Bell's gift to that show up
Yeah, keep checking the mailbox if anybody hasn't shown up yet jolly joe
The professor sent me a nice gift by the way. Yeah, yeah, he sent me a gift card for one of the really fine restaurants in town here
Oh, very nice. Yeah, right lobster
You know what you are
When Chris comes back tomorrow. We don't know thank god
Such a twerp
Thank you. No, you're a good guy. You're just a twerp though
I mean you can't is it possible to be a good guy and a twerp sure sir. Oh, I guess who called on my birthday George
Was that a hint was the choking and coughing a hint no no
Cheryl Riffkin oh you knew
You knew yes, yeah, how'd you know because she sent me an email saying I did a phone and that's a winner answer the phones
And I'm on vacation
She sent you an email on on my birthday
Yeah, bitching me out for not picking up the phone and playing before the birthday
She sent me one saying oh if somebody would pick up the phone. I want to wish you uh, she wanted me to wish her happy birthday
Happy birthday Cheryl on the same day. I already did that all right
But she called here on my birthday because fat Chris at all the bat lines ring and I picked up hello nia
Are you on the air?
She don't even listen she hasn't got any idea that I'm on here
She stabbed me in the back big time with Bob Green to IOD and she still wants to suck around for what what does she want for me?
I don't know so I give her short shrift as the saying goes
What is a shrift? I don't know
Google it see what that means short shrift do they have long shrifts
No, I bet they do and I'd like to stick 14 of my joe bells back down. Oh, yeah
The longer the better and the sharper the better too
Evil evil subhuman being and flea tries to make him sound like you know this wonderful family guy
Just ordinary guy trying to make a living it
horrible
horrible excuse for a human
You know something because I'm ahead of myself and I you know
I crossed the brakes out after we do them. Mm-hmm, and I've lost the noon to one I made candid early
So I've got the one to two-hour page so I've crossed the first two breaks from next hour out already
Boy are we in the game or what?
Out of here by 10 to one yeah
Anyway getting back to the the audience all they care about is at least these people are sending stuff
Which is probably just the people that I would do you know fat boy and his buddies over there's boyfriend. I'm sure
Dude were new to it says I'm not writing a book or even reading one
But was wondering what happened to the production guy who seemed to be unjust about every spot on your show
But is not only on the one where he says dude were new that's Tommy's talking about correct says Tony
No close you got some letters right Tommy what happened to him he's still alive
He's a good guy. He's a friend of the show, which is why you know he's what is he in sales gun
He's gone. I think he's doing the production director thing over at the other station
He's gone last I heard
He but he's yes, he's gone. He's not here anymore
He says he wasn't a very good voice-wise sounder kind of fruity not butch like you
But he was consistent or something cheers not michael Lewis it says
Ha
chronic Jason who's a real pain in the ass and just won't go away
I might have to block you as soon Jason the stuff you send is such crap
Neil remember some guy sent you an email last week about saying George at the skating week and ripped him and asked
Did George really crash and bust his head?
No
See the guy just made it up like most of like most of the email sure he just made it up
Like I said this is this is the and it doesn't bother me at all just make up all kinds of crap
I'm digging for that first because I'm sure a lot of people weren't listening right in the beginning
I want to read that again
And I'm thinking if I read it often enough maybe it'll you know push me over the edge and I just want you up tomorrow
Because I'm so wounded by it remember the one mm-hmm the guy in point and beach or whatever that was here it is
See I save the great stuff the the the the weak stuff. I Schmidt can't immediately like that one from Jason's just now
It's on the floor already. I've got to Jason's on the floor too
Here it is from Terry a pair of itch in point and beach
Neil I've listened to you since your initial sign on a W.I.N.Z. Whatever that means
But it's now clear you've lost the magic of your early days plus the fact you don't even have the decency to live here among us anymore
You know
Oh my god like I said when I read it the first time the fact that people like you Terry are in South Florida
That's one of the main reasons I don't want to be there
I like the weather a lot better although it's sunny today. It's kind of like a toasty here
I bet it's like 40 even what do you think okay?
I have to know by an inquiry minds want to know the Toronto weather and it's uh sunny in 38 I was getting carried away
No snow though
Can't wait to pick up them or say these and drive it in the snow
It says the changes oh the charges that you're mailing it in our true you live in Canada for Christ's you're mailing it in now
Does it make a difference where my ancestors sitting when I do the show?
To some people yeah, and why is that I don't know because they got no lives they got none better to do
Miss Reloves company you need to be here as miserable as they are
The show from Florida is the rush doing a show from Florida
Is Sean handed to do in a show Jimmy syphilis is doing a show from Florida. Look what it does for him
Hey Jimmy you fairy
The bits you play are old predictable and stale and you've become this winding liberal of the worst kind
I used to be a winding liberal of the best kind
Now I'm a winding liberal of the worst kind you haven't had an original idea in years
If you're in play like the emails like uh which allow you to put your venom on this the sheet of paper
If your employers are going to pay you for your show these days well good for you
But in your heart you have to know why why your audience isn't involved in longer
You don't care about us and we no longer care about you. Well guess what Terry
Back to you back at you back up in you
We no longer care about you
You only time you in Georgia still worth listening to anymore is when you are bashing organized religion
Personally, I will always owe you one for helping me liberate myself from all that crap
But if this one your career you need to really need to think about stepping down
Or else you'd be in danger of being just another one of the greats who stayed around too long and that would be a shame
You clearly were one of the greats, but so was Willie Mays Terry a parapherit in Boyd and Beach
And I responded and Terry's email, but he never wrote back. I feel so hurt
Sounds a sad photo baby
So you see they want to know did you fall down bowling and
Who was the production guy and just a bunch of radio trivia crap
So it's obviously written by inside you know radio idiots and I and I commiserate with them because I can understand if you've been stuck in this business
For any period of time you probably about on the verge. I know I am. I'm right on right on the edge
Which is probably why jolly do a screwing around with Chris with fat Chris
Do you think
That makes sense. Yeah. Oh, yeah fat people of a feather
But you know what I'm sticking it out at least till the end of the year while I'm getting the full pay you know from the old contract
Then come the first of January now. What do we decide about the vacations?
Let's do it on the year. Okay. I don't know what you decided. I'm taking the last uh the Christmas week and you're taking the last week of December
Well, what what are the dates?
Let me open up my calendar war. I got my planner book here. I got my reading as plan. I want to listen to me
pocketpal
Yeah, we met from our friend of from lingo flamingo flamingo records. Yeah, Richard dick. Mm-hmm
So I'm taking off like
Islamic New Year's Day the 29th. Oh, I'm gonna eat halal on that day. I'm taking the week of the 22nd
You're taking the week of the 29th and then I also take New Year's Day, which I have that day off already
So I'm screwing myself and so are you because you have Christmas. Yeah, but never the last time. That's okay
I want that time. That's how we eat too. I want the New Year's time. I'm gonna go out and get drunk. I knew you're seeing
610 on the pole how do you like that 610? I bet you Jimmy syphilis is rubbing his hand legs together
He's so excited about that. Hey Jimmy you suck
The biggest name
The first time
The fourth leader
It's the big L or landy wells are Gary morning five to seven sports radio five sixty five
V sports leader
Is
Oh, I guess what else?
Why do you round last week? I forgot to tell you. We got our license back. Oh, why, I'll register it.
I only cost the beast these 85 grand. Let's hear it.
Speaking of which Lewis. Well, that email I just said from not mix Lewis inspired me to play and freedom was dead until on November 4th, 5, whatever till my birthday.
I'm still holding my breath. What? About the change. Are you feeling the change? Yeah. That got the first three breaks to the one to two hour block out.
Rons says on the email we care, Neil, we care. That's sweet. We care as opposed to that. So hateful as south.
We don't care about you and you don't care about us. You don't even have the decency to live down it. If I was living down there, I'd have been dead a long time ago. Maybe that's what that guy wants.
I guarantee I guarantee I would have been dead a long time ago if I was still down there.
Just my walking and would buy just walking to the car in the parking lot into the track. That's more exercise. I get in one visit than I would get in a whole year down there and you know that.
Yep. Am I right? Yes, you are. Absolutely. So that's why I'm still alive walking. I'm walking. Although I'm not going to be walking too much starting in a couple weeks when it starts snowing, but nevertheless.
How can you handle that snow? Neil, why don't you come down here for the winter time? No, no, no, thanks.
The fake Larry King says I know how to do a talk show. Neil, who's been your favorite Miami talk shows through the years? My guess is Bill Calder. Bill was a good friend of mine, but he was my favorite talk show host. In fact, Bill, he wasn't really a talk show host. That was his problem. He was too sensitive to be a talk show host. He was a disc jockey and a damn good one.
All we had fun at I and Z when I was doing eight to midnight and he was doing overnight and I would stick around with him for an hour or two.
And there were times when I would get laughing so hard I get up. I would actually fall up against the wall. I get up out of the chair and fall against the wall just laughing so hard my my puppet was heaving. You know what I mean?
Yep. And never poop my pants once or even peed my pants once doing that about that. Yeah, when you get old and you stare laughing real hard, that's not a good thing to do.
How about that? Yeah. Now my favorite talk show host was the real Phil Henry. Are you sure when he was doing the real stuff? You know when he was really good?
Yep, you don't think so? I agree. Yeah, he was great. And then of course he decided to become a Nazi and oh geez Phil, what happened to you? You know, you sold out and I look
quite good at that. I didn't do much good now. Poor Phil. Where's he at? Do we know? I get a lot of fake Phil Henry emails. I'm really shocked that we haven't had more emails about fat Chris today. Why?
Because well, last week we were just the stuff about him and Joe Bell was hysterical. Am I right? Flea? Yeah, that was funny. We good stuff. And generally speaking, they like picking on poor fat.
Yeah, well, they like picking on fat people in general. Believe me, I know that a lot of fat jokes. I think you're right though. We have to do, you know, do the best we can work with the fat Chris. Right. Help him work around this crap because football season to be over January, whatever.
Unless, of course, we got the playoffs. Oh, we're talking playoffs. The dolphins and the playoffs and of course the big bowl game for the Hurricanes. They're probably going to lose Thursday, right?
Free free. Free. Let me remind you one thing. Buffalo blows and son of the bill.
Oh, I think there was a harness driver, Ray Fluss. I believe Ray Fluss, Jr. And then there's always Ray Fisher, Jr. Let's do some harness racing. Pivia.
Okay. Now let's see. Shrift. Did you look it up? Yeah. And I sent you the link. I'm still not clear on it, but it has to do with confessing and whatnot.
Somebody here, somebody sent me Ian sent me this short shrift. Reef time for confession or absolution given to a condemned prisoner before his or her execution.
Two, little attention or consideration of dealing with a prisoner matter to give short shrift to an opponent's arguments.
Little attention paid. And then you said the thing you sent me just to two intellectual. Yeah, it's just Webster. It's addiction. I'm just a dumb old fag.
Rob and Lutterdale back on my birthday says you old coat almost as old as McCain. That's right. But I'm still going. McCain's going to be on the is it Leno tonight or one of those stupid shows? Oh, God. Why?
That's the question we all ask. Why? It's all over now. All those appearances ain't going to do you no good old insane McCain.
And what's his name that horrible co-host on the today show Matt Lauer? He's going up to Laska to see Sarah. They just can't stick enough microphones in front of her.
Dr. Al says Dr. Al has become really chronally lately. He says worse than poop. Yesterday I walked around Universal Studios with a bloody butt.
After reading too much of my daughter's Halloween candy, my hemorrhoid exploded. I didn't realize it was gushing blood that soaked through my pants. I wonder how many people saw it when I got back to my hotel room and got undressed.
Wow, what a mess. At least the people I grossed out were all strangers. Your lawyer listener, Dr. Al. His hemorrhoid exploded. You ever hear anything like that? I never heard of that. No. I believe it. Why not? Why would somebody make up? Kill myself, Dr. Al.
Kill myself. Jonathan Bocca said happy 66 them anymore. 66 you know something I can't I can't relate to that number. You know what I mean?
I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man
I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. He used to be Jonathan him plantation but then he lost his job and he had to move to bokeh with all the old Jews a. "...a veh," the Jews turned out good for Obama and that was a nice thing to see. I think he got 79% of the Jew vote.
I'll guarantee Wolf Blitzkrieg was daughter got married yesterday.
His daughter got married yesterday to some nice Jewish boy and it was so wonderful and
the...
Oh.
And I'm glad to see that we're coming together and fighting for what we believe in, what
we deserve.
Look at that screamer talking about profit.
Isn't that something?
Why do they always, every time on TV they bring out some gay guy it always has to be
some flaming, flaming.
By me, me, me, me.
Rimer.
Why?
Cause, that's more interesting.
It is than, than you're kind of boring.
It's like, what's the point of being gay if you know, but you can tell if you're not
wearing pink, pink tutus, a weird beard, piercing.
Mohawk.
Ring at least one.
Cliff and Kendall says, happy birthing.
You know, this is from last Wednesday.
It's only Monday. I guess I can milk these for a week. Although maybe we're getting a whole bunch of money right now
What do you think I doubt it? Yeah quite Monday the elections over oh
a bunch of wow
Woo
Two four six seven another one from Brandon
Brandon's out of control while they're funny to last one with backthrow catching them in the act is my favorite because their expression is just priceless
He's got more pictures of Batman and Robin doing it
In bed together. I mean so so obvious the whole storyline is you know
And I'll say one thing at least he had good taste in the original a
Bert you seem a bird word looks like these days old he is living proof that there is no God
Let's see here's another chronic who says I know you hate links so I won't send you any oh the fake dickie Farrell
But druggy rush doesn't show from Palm Beach. He has a studio there lives in a mansion nearby
Well goody goody gum drop. I guess that's why he's got that big audience because he he does the show in Florida. That must be it
Recent features interviews with him in the New York Times in Palm Beach post give the approximate location check Google or Google
No, oh if you give it to me. I don't thanks fake dickie. I don't care about rush
I don't care if he does the show from the T. Romant Westland who cares
Let's see if proposition two passes
F and religious notes are homophobes also probably gonna probably gave themselves it says from Ed
It's like a chopped off. It says continued
Do you understand what that means? No, I don't know
Here's one from Holly I can tell by the
Sarah Pail and the shock to be public in party is turning on her darling when you lay down with dogs you wake up with flea flea's
Yeah, you hear that you wake up with flea
Go back to pulling the shotgun wedding and shopping at consignment stores. Oh, I bet you that kid is gonna disappear pretty quick the daddy
Uh-huh
You always know nothing yahu and always will be good luck in your aspiration around for the presidency in 2012
If you thought they tore you to one now just wait till the Republican primaries. Let me just say bye-bye
That's from Holly
Thanks Holly you need to sign up this time because she knows that I know her thing
Red on yellow
How do people do that? Can you set the color on your email? Yep all kinds of things you know. No, I don't want to I know
Here's
Here's one from Darren
We went through a whole thing on a Friday about the margins, you know, oh, yeah, did they did all kinds of advice none of it worked
Well, I see because it still chops off on a margin when I print these out
Here's one from Darren just got the new Mustang GT 500, but you won't race Corvette sucks
I don't know why your fat ass got a two-seater anyways good job flea, but George suck
I read the listen to pretty cruelly scratch a chalkboard. How do you like that? Darren's got an attitude man
Ha style Corvette sucks. Yeah, you should live so long
Mustangs are for losers that can't afford a Corvette. Everybody knows that am I right? Yes
Definition is shrift the act of shriving confession to a priest or I'm solution to you my priest
Here's one from jolly joe. It says flea is one of my minions. We are many Neil. We're the jolly joe's
George is with us too. Oh, jolly joe. I'm still looking for your gift by the way joe
The biggest names
You're listening to sports radio
560 WQ AM Miami for the other day
From work late one night when they saw the fine of the fast food light
They pulled in and gave their order to the girl and the next thing you know they started to
This comic started to blow
Burning inside their throat
That's when they started to blow
Not feeling well
From the bean burrito
It must have been the curse the case of the art that's causing all this diarrhea
But none of the sick are going to die. They've just got a bad case of E. Colour
Comic started to blow
Not go hell
Burning inside their throat
It had a smell that's when they started to blow not feeling well
From the bean burrito
It should have skipped a damn chalupa
Your might not have made but super
Next time you pass the sign say no
Even though it's grilled so it's good to go
Lots of people got sick and wish that they owned a gun
So they could hunt down the people who think outside the bar
The pain from the crams they felt deep in their gut
So next time they'll just go to pizza hot
Not go hell
This comic started to blow from Taco hell
Up burning inside their throat
It had a smell that's when they started to blow
Not feeling well
From the bean burrito
From Taco Bell
From Taco Bell
I got some great news for you
Yeah
Terry in pointin beaches uh given a follow up, you know great
No, obviously listens religiously
Oh, it was really much right
Even always against religion but nevertheless
I'll get to in a second
627 on the pole that's because flea's here today
Thank God the chrysalmy back tomorrow fat chrysal
See they're not ripping fat chrysalmy because they'd rather have them there than flea's
And nothing to say today
Have you?
No, not really
I must have missed it. That's okay. Just sit there and dummy up
Keep taking notes. Okay. Hey Joe. They hit you. They hit you, Joe
Here's a policy Jason. Who's your favorite political analyst
James is two of my favorites are Howard Feynman and Paula Gala
Howard Feynman always looks like he had just swallowed a canary
He's got that Schmidt eatin grin on his face
Hi Keith. Hi Keith. Hi Keith. He's okay. He doesn't he's you know
I like him but he doesn't say anything
And Paula Gala he also has got that silly smile on his face all the time
And James Carville. Oh my god. Have we seen him enough for what?
Yes, yes. Bye bye Jimmy
Go back to Mary Magdalene. You're lovely right wing wife
Let's see John says all I know is that Phil Henry has had acting roles on a show called unit
On Sunday nights he played the station man at Mangler at an army radio station
I haven't watched the show too much this season
But he was in three or four episodes last season
Time has not been kind to his looks
How about a field that other than all you can eat Negro John and Lakeworth
I don't think we have we got the I got you down which I just played that the other day
Also, I played the Taco Bell one. Please probably upset about that. They like that one
Don't ask me why they like it
It's the Todd Pettigill at his most pondry
Which is saying a lot
Here's Terry a pair of itch in Boynton Beach again
Geez Neil at least I know for sure you actually read your email
Ha
Apparently I was not in my car this morning when you first read my email aloud suggesting it was time for you to hang it up
But I did hear you mention my name at least five times between
Lentana road and Boynton Beach
Old friend so my question is did I hit a nerve my fellow old timer?
No, you don't didn't hit a nerve you have a lot of nerve is what you have
If you don't like the show I'm doing now go listen to something else rushes on right now
You
Scare America's on 940
They got 8 million sports talk stations pump it out puking out about the dolphins are going to the super bowl
Come on Terry you can find something to listen to
You reacted predictably lashing out at any criticism of you your show or your gold mine of cash the WQM
Still dolls out to one of the greats of yesterday year a guy so desperately behind the times that only now
Are you integrating email response from your dwindling fan base?
You just had a birthday while many dinosaurs your age would just gracefully fade away after years and years of
Raking in the series dollars that you have and while you've certainly earned this on the year golden parachute
Your current employers have extended to you their last how many years five more sweet art
And I'm only going to count the years since you've been a factor in South Florida
You were absolutely great for years and years and years
But now you simply are no longer great and worse you are no longer cutting edge you become the Milton Burle of Miami
So this is a guy who only hears what he wants to hear
He doesn't hear the part about station management won't allow this and won't allow that right
And if they just got their license back because the FCC is all over their ass
And so we can do whatever they allow us to do and believe me that isn't much and as far as my losing it
I'm still the same fat fact that I've been for a long time
I haven't lost a beat
And yes, I just heard you reread my email on the year again
It does matter where you're located when you do a show or radio show you live in Canada we live in South Florida
And while you probably have the best part of that deal
Yes, I do please stop wondering why your numbers are down and continued dwindle and the internet does not actually legally make you a citizen to South Florida anymore
No, I am a citizen to South Florida. I'm a legal resident to South Florida. How do you like that schmuck
And pay plenty of taxes in South Florida and penny plenty of taxes to your government
tons more in tax every year than you'll ever make in your lifetime
Now I don't do a laptop capability
I heard you wonder about my lack of response
But on my days off I can still hear you if even if no one else is listening
And we'll certainly be spawn when I can find a keyboard
Even if nobody else is listening he hates the show. I'm a husband
Yes, your year piece of turd, but he'll still be listening
What does that tell you about this guy?
See these people don't understand that
I didn't start this to criticize you you have been great spectacular over the years actually
But you're clearly lost a step your audience in this market have clearly moved on and many of the newbies and or youngsters
Just walk around and wonder Neil who I can't imagine why
But feel free to go to the dinosaur graveyard you old Canadian many of us will meet you there teria pervitch and boi in beach
Hostel nasty
Can't imagine why you don't want to be here
Let me see some more of my hate with you listens to every minute of every show obviously
Didn't hear the beginning though. He wasn't in his car yet this morning
Is that amusing or what yeah, I'm used to
Get alive teri get a freaking life. I know you didn't strike in and nerve with me
I don't I don't make any apologies to these people and I take that big fat paycheck believe me
I've earned it when you work for these bastards and kill still can survive almost 34 years on a year in this horseball market
You've done a hell of a job even if you suck and believe me I suck
Oh, here's Holly again. Yes, I figured I need to sign my name anymore. I always seem to know it's me
Hope I'm not annoyingly chronic, but your show is such a wonderful outlet for a lot of topics from politics to Johnny Depp
Well, don't much love Holly. Thanks Holly, but don't be saying nice things about me now. It'll get teri all upset
Oh, here's the fake Phil Henry. Thanks for the kind words you're the best talk show host I've ever heard of as well
I am on the talk radio network see article below
From the fake Phil Henry see that's the thing you'd never you would never know if any of these people are real or for a fake because it's email
Oh
Rush Limbaugh
WBZ Phil Henry
Has a stint overnight. Oh, he sent ratings down
No
It says Phil Henry has sent WTKK's overnight ratings down 91% to a 0.4 far worse than numscals
He replaced coast to coast was down as well, but pulled a whopping 9.5 share for WRKO. This is in Boston the Boston numbers
How do you like that
And it's on a website the headline on this on the website is radio equalizer the headline on this is saved WRKO
Wow
The return of I'mus in the morning is boosted their numbers
3 0 2554 share
Howie car
Handed his audience on a silver platter to somebody
Rush Limbaugh is 23% rating surge help RKO survive. He's beating a howie in the somebody
Tommy time out
But Phil Henry gets just sliced and dice there. How do you like that?
All right ratings went down 91% to 0.4 maybe he's just an old turd
Phil Henry may you think that's it
I can't
And what did that other one say about nature hasn't been kind to his appearance
Well, he was never
That's what I was getting at he made me feel like um
A hot number
Here's one from cliff and candle all this is they these are also from last week
Do I want to do these from my I've got a zillion of them and even though Terry is my only listener
These people must have sent him in on the sympathy don't you think we are we used to love your show and used to be really great Neil
See if we could still do the Nearard your show nobody would know the difference nobody would know the difference
And the bits would be on you know they'd be cutting edge and they'd be very funny
They'd be stuff you'd want to hear over and over again, but they aren't and they aren't gonna be I'm telling you that right now right up front
They aren't gonna be
Like from that jerk Dan from Maryland who's uh off to the Philippines hopefully very soon have a safe trip Danny goodbye
I
Don't mind criticism but
And and and and like I said there's a million choices out there and I'm out of touch with the technology
Get yourself an iPod listen to some music get yourself serious or XM listen to something you might enjoy all the way down it
There are some people who listen just so they can criticize
ah
Am I right right but keep in commentary they're most amusing
And they strike a rawn nerve and I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do
I feel like Al Martino
In the godfather
Steve says longtime listener also a scorpie with a birthday this Saturday wanted to wish you the very best many more to come
Thanks Steve. I'll see you in the radio graveyard
I want to bang in the butt honey
You wanted more and you got it the mad dog is back singing more duets on the man did sing volume two
Number eight is back tearing up with the great singing more big hits with even more big stars the mad dog does them all
yeah
It's an all new British invasion
With the mad dog singing like a man
The truth is finally out that G-Manage was truly the fifth
The mad dog was just a little ambivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again.
So we had Luke the Grotsey family visit and tell him either his brains or his signature would wind up on the contract.
That's son of a fishfish cute.
And it's C, volume 2 available now if you move quickly.
