You say that you did it just for cash
Show your junk and shunk your ass
When you get kicked right out the door
Welcome!
Cause your dance was on gas
You stripped yourself down
You sat on some laps and you wiggled around
You hoped we wouldn't know
But pictures don't lie
You grabbed in the pole and you went for the ride
You did for some gays
You told me the news
You say you love music but you also love dudes
You did for some gays
You did for some gays
Don't forget those lucky chickens baby
He haw they got a whole bunch of them there at the hard rock
The only problem with that place is
They still haven't completed the switch over
From the old bingo slots
I looked at those and I thought
I recore like Dracula
Remember when Van Helsing held up the crucifix?
I recore
I put my cape up over my head
Like how come they still got those there?
They're horrible
I don't even understand it
I have any idea what you got to do
Nor do I want to do do
But they don't have it not even one real real fortune machine
Whole hard rock
They got almost 3,000 machines
They don't have one real
They got to make believe ones
We're going to play like 7,000 credits
Let me just caution you
What would be slot players?
Take a look at how much you got to play when you play the max
To get whatever the maximum payout is going to be
A quarter machine and it's like
Playing the max there is 45 credits
Will you do the math on it?
It's like 11 bucks every time you hit the button
Who wants to play a quarter machine
That's we then 11 dollar machine
Then I looked at one machine
It was like 20, maximum was 20, a lion's times 20 credits
Well that's 400
That's crazy
400 coins times a nickel I think it was
Which is what?
How much is that? 20 bucks?
Two bucks?
What do you play at woodbox?
20 bucks to win the max
You get three bucks every time you're on the dollar machine
That's good
And then at the pump it up
They had a couple of all fashioned in the high station
They got a couple of all three coin
Wheel of Fortune machines
It's 15 bucks three coins
15 bucks every time you hit the button
They're colder than the polar ice caps used to be
Before global warming
I'm going to tell you those
I just don't understand what those people are thinking about
That are running that joint
It was pretty busy
It wasn't jam packed
That was Friday night
And then Saturday afternoon
Hard Rock was getting
Of course they had some kind of a concert Saturday night
They had like Ario's speed wagon
And a bunch of other old
They always got something going on there
Yeah that's right
And it looked like
I wouldn't eat any food there
But they have all kinds of snack stands
And restaurants and steakhouse
And all kinds of good stuff
And that's the neat place
It's great man
They got it all
I told you you were arguing with me
Now actually I just
There was my anti-want to help the Indians buy us
Because of the only campaign they put on
A couple of years ago
Oh the slots are evil
And some affordable crumble
And the world will come to an end
Right
It's okay if they have them
But if somebody else has them, that's bad news
And of course once they get all the rest of the stuff
This deal they made with Charlie Gay
Chris, if they do wind up getting the blackjack
And the poker
And the poker
Huh?
It's happening
And the crafts
I didn't do no crafts by the way
Over the weekend prior
Prior weekend I had a little bit of a problem there
But this weekend no crafts
I didn't
You heard that story right
Which one?
Oh yes I did
My post-Ruth Chris Hilton Hotel story
Yep, yep
Oh that was sad
By the way I went to Ruth's Chris
Not too long ago
Did you?
When I got my tax return like I was a big shot you know
And?
It was great
My favorite one for the water deal?
Yeah
Best steak I've ever had man
Oh yeah you can't beat through me
484 on the pool by the way
What's our goal to the Chris about 600
Well that's because Cortis is back you know
That's right
You know if you really want to give votes
You can put like landmarks and Craig Mish on here
Well any martens yeah
That's a good idea
Craig Mish Mish Mish Mish
I forgot all about him
Yeah I never heard him I never
I don't even know what he's all about
Good guy
Is he?
Is he good over here?
Yeah he's good on the air
He knows what he's talking about
He's got a good voice for the air
Okay so let's put let him artes
And Craig Mish I didn't say that I remember
Everybody whoever sent him this pool obviously
They didn't either
What former QIM host?
And we're talking in the recent era
We're not talking about like guys
From 100 years ago
Ed Berliner
Ed Berliner
I'll find that thing
See it's your fault
You're making me look for that thing
It's always my fault
Ed Berliner
I love this story just fault
I mean who was the PD?
Was it Joe Zagaki?
Was he ever read the PD?
I think he was
Oh
How embarrassing
Oh there's no program director for sports like Joe Zagaki
He's the best
Yeah right
How embarrassing
I can't
Oh yeah I got it
Ed Berliner
Here it is
Ed Berliner
I mean they're even pronouncing the name right
And they paid for it I guess
They paid somebody
Ed Berliner
On sports
Radio
On 16 WQA
Gave a boss
On sports
Radio
On 16 WQA
Ed
Kaplan
On sports
Radio
On 16 WQA
On 16 WQA
We never had the heat on the station ever
Did we?
I don't think so but I'm not
I mean I don't remember
No team
On 16 WQA
On 16 WQA
On 16 WQA
Wow there you go everybody
All the jinkos all the time for guys who we never on the station
Ed Berliner was though
He's a jerk by the way Ed Berliner
Is he?
I never met him
I don't think maybe I did
I just knew he was a jerk
A lot of jerseys in this business
He was one of a big stupid as jerk Ed Berliner
We don't have any count here either
I had Kaplan
That's right
Put him on there
You don't have to like
Diddle around
Put him on there Mr.
Pullmeister
Kaplan of course
Out of sight out of mind
He won't be coming back
President Bush met with a mixed receptionist
Not as they threw out the 2008 inaugural picture
They knew Nationals Ballpark
Built for the Washington Nance Baseball team
They really suck
With a quick introduction in the way Bush made a high-pitched
Nationals manager, many actor
And proceeds to shake his hand
Two bad actors
The booze re-ignited his bush waves once more and exits
Did they boo?
Of course they booed him
What even did they boo?
That's great
What?
That's great
Yeah it is great
I thought you were going to say it's not a good idea
Because you're sucking up to Johnny Jobelle
Who's one of the ten people who still defense him for whatever reason
Does he really?
Yeah, still
Yeah, I don't share your views on the president, the needle, but b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b
I'm sorry, I can't deal with people like that overgrown children. I love my hockey, I love my horse racing, my harness racing, all that stuff, but I just- I can't deal with people who are like obsessed with it.
The lighting in the pocket is Davey Myboy. In front of Quick Brush, who's third and now comes to the outside, Quick Brush and DuPri-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b
Oh, they never brought it back from the wallstream? No. Oh my God. What's going on with that engineering crew for all that we are streaming? Let's look on the bright side. Okay. Come on now. One of the 360 is George's responsibility.
And I'm sure George never came back. Of course not. So he just took it off with him somewhere. It's probably in George's SUV, baking in the sun. They probably make it out with it right now. It probably get fried just like George.
Barack Obama appeared to have scored a clear victory over Hillary Clinton Saturday and the second step of Texas is multi-tiered process for selecting its delegates to the DNC. So she had a press report. How is this possible?
How can they not? It's already Monday morning. They don't have all the numbers. Obama had 159 percent of the delegates head of the State Party June Convention Clinton. So it will be 41 percent.
The result of me to like that when the delicate selection process is finally completed. Obama will have more Texas delegates to the National Convention and so are we in spite of the fact that she won the March 4th primary 51 to 47.
How do you like that? So we'll read. Huh? Put that in your pipe and smoke it. So anyway, getting back to the comparison here of the two pomp and a park and the casino there. Like I said, it's real good. See and beautiful. And the machine suck.
They do. They're horrible. Well, not all of them, but the ones that are real fortunate. Forget it. You couldn't squeeze money out if you brought a crowbar in there. You can squeeze it out.
See, that's what I don't understand about these people who lay out. Of course, I think one of the reasons that there aren't as many and that the machines are so tight is because the state's taken that huge chunk out of the total right off the top.
So how much do they got left to pay out? How many sent? 30. I think about 30 sent left to pay out after you get all done after all is said and done. Although I do like that, tell me it's got.
Myron Cones picture there on the wall. Old Jewish comedian, a hundred and eighty years old. Myron Cone, who've been dead for at least eighty years and his pictures are all over the wall. Myron's Delay. Really good place. Did you hear what's all over the news last night?
What's that? Rascal House closing.
Like I said, when court is gets up out of that cheer with a baseball bat. Hey, I'm just talking to you all the new direction.
How long since I've been talking about the rascal House is closing April 7th? How long? How many weeks? How many years?
30. I'm going to tell you that. It's been as it's an old story. I know, but it was on the news last night and nothing they were just down there and talking all the patrons and all the old rascals out of the rascal house where we're going to go to get some food.
I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food.
I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get
some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm
going to get some food.
like me how come in that valley parking you know yeah exactly I don't know
that's a good question I don't I don't want to I don't want to waste my money on
valley parking when I can go inside and lose that in about 10 seconds but I did
have my reunion with Woodline last night made a few hundred bucks it was
wonderful to be back home I felt like my home away from home got me a good
machine mine aren't you proud of me very proud I think maybe what I'd do is
just not come in tomorrow just uh it's April Fool's Day and just to go play
slots the rest of my life just to hang it up retire do it what do you think
of that that would be interesting if I could make like five ten grand a day
tax-free although that's right would have to be here if you wouldn't be down
there when anything big that everything is taxed in the US everything is taxed
like that poor lady I went a 1.1 million she had to give away like probably
a four hundred and some out thousand of the government is that what is that
what it was what she gave away four hundred down well you got to pay 40% on
that oh yes nuts yeah it's like the lotto lottery oh well will give you an
annuity if you live to be 200 you know maybe you'll collect some of the money
someday it's a big fat ass scam just ask your ex-fan ass governor there the
Jebster so big fat ass scam and by the way as it just me or as it since they got
the slots going there in South Florida doesn't seem like the world is coming to
win in there was a fist fight at pop and oh between two black women really they
got into a cat fight yeah all right who wanted security went running and one of
them bust the other woman's nose she broke her nose wow she smashed her
chair that's what you call smash mouth slots that did you get to see it or no I
didn't see it but I we heard about it everybody was buzzing about it I saw the
security guys were racing after them with all the people in pop and I bet people
about the smash mouth slots baby but they were betting on who was gonna win that
places could be a lot better let me tell you that it's it's it's beautiful and the
food there is you know they got a lot of good stuff and then the ATM's they got
hidden away like oh well we don't want you to know that you really got those
here because you might get some money out lost my ass there at pop it was not
not good I don't think I've been making a return visit there anytime soon but
that's the way it goes but the hard rock was pretty nifty and of course
Gulf Street next time because they got real squeal of fortune and then what you
said your friends thought it was great and George keeps raven about how great
it is yeah apparently they got somehow they walked into some room and said
they were someone else and they they they were in a room full of millionaires
who were talking about the horses down what would mean they said they were
someone else who do they say they were well my friends happened to walk in
and and they told me as soon as they walked in they were like who are you with
and they said just off the top of their head they said city link because they
saw a city link magazine and they happened to walk into some kind of private
party and get wristbands and drink for free and and we're talking with people
about oh my horses are over in Parkland and blah blah blah blah and you're like oh
Parkland buffet you know and they're they're trying to act all snooty and you know
they said they almost ended up on a yacht afterwards but they didn't close the
deal oh well and but no they said they had a great time they said there were a
lot of people pretty you know pretty younger crowd for you know a lot of the
race tracks and they said that a good time and young people in Hellendale
man well what a revolution is going on well if you had just come down here and
stay here all the time you'd really find out what's happening no I don't want
yeah in that in that hard rock enough to make you stay man no I like it though
it's great I did like it a lot I thought it was a real nifty place and I got
lucky there with my wild chickens and there was a real idiot said it was just one
old guy oh my god I was playing some bizarre machine I don't know I'm trying it
out and it's old old geezer comes he's got a dollar bill now I tried I tried to
machine next to it before and and the where you where you put the money in or
the tickets it wasn't working was malfunctioning the answer was screwed up so
he's got a cruffled up dollar abilities trying to stick it and they won't go in
there he keeps trying and trying oh what take my money what I said it's broken
don't you understand you a hole is broken so what he does is he puts it in
another machine and pay and punches the ticket gets the ticket out for the
dollar oh well now he's trying to stick the ticket in the same machine oh
like it was picked all of us it don't you understand it's not taking anything
it won't take your money you silly old fart you you geezer go away or
here's a moment screaming in him down the line he goes to another machine and
he sticks the dollar ticket in there and he wants to play like yeah and the
machine takes like 30 times five like 150 credits you know dollar rate could
do it dollar rate could do it you old goat ten forty three a QA and deals half
price deals are the head of the town every week on Thursdays we offer another
deal with more happy near Rogers listeners starting this Thursday at noon you'll
be able to buy fifty dollars certificates for just twenty five bucks to lose
seals American cafe in western lose seals is a nineteen forty style upscale
diner the captures the lunch and then feel of that era it's all about homemade
food huge portions and family friendly prices menu items included twelve
on center cut New York strip a pulled pork platter I could say something about
that barbecue maybe Mac ribs and marinaded a Texas style chicken breast plus
they have phenomenal desserts like homemade bread pudding in their famous
big split banana split big enough to share but good enough to eat all by
yourself lose sales American cafe twenty two fifty western road call nine five
four three eight four ninety oh seven and thanks to yours to really are
able to buy fifty dollars and it's an app price just twenty five bucks this
Thursday when the store opens at wqm dot com but you better act fast because once
they're gone they're just gone
biggest name
the best talent you know
you know
Rogers
four hundred five sixty Q a m
the
fourth
leader
Jerry Schrader had a problem one day came home to find his air conditioning
you
just one night
like a
love quiet number nine it's twelve minutes before eleven at five sixty
wqa and don't forget the jerk show it to as he can recap the entire it won't
take long to recapture all those of seventeen baskets by the heat last night
against the cell
what a disgrace
to have you know how the heat games right of course
five hundred fifty two votes on Chris's poll
what former wqa m host would you like to see back at wqm there's a great
broadcaster
i don't think it's right to be rude to people
but i don't care about
i don't call them they call me
i'm told there people are going to like me so i like to invite them all to come
out of the roger center so they can get the only better
unfortunately only see fifty thousand is a really great broadcast you know too
many people are what's it about he's on the fan five ninety here in Toronto
but nevertheless
five hundred fifty two votes uh... two hundred thirty six forty two and a
percent of the humpback baby
they miss the hunter
all four hundred pounds baby
how much do you think he was
i'm a go with about three twenty
okay what do you think Chris
about three fifteen three thirty maybe
three thirty
three hundred and thirty man
come on lose an on-sank
for all seventy seven no chance no chance on any of these more howard david
although there might be a chance to go back from two to four
really was
well you're you're starting a lot of rumors about the the jerk show being on
the way out
real was that crystal in those rumors that this is Chris talking
i think it was a job starting a room is not me
more hard day that it is sixty seven
d4 sixty three
none the above fifty we don't want to be back
but there's a bracket in Pennsylvania
whole meeting right now on the campus of fact i don't want to hear that the
crazy to hear us
uh... boob shambles twenty four want the boobster back hey i'm going to the
was a lot of the
rock and roll time
uh... guilty eighteen kinean boy eight eighty k six
crag michael and liby martes has got the big
uh... come on now
that's bad that's on american which is a
what's that uh... oh here it is
take the mister i went to call trucking my any call
he can't speak excellent your hired liby we want you on q a m
he can't speak that even a little bit
hyfe
i thought many dizia
pet check
the show which segment
chron GoPro
뭔가
until you no поверхly page
profit
b add up
teих to popin he Canada today
�� police vehicle a customized
papa
needing a better they Michael
done frog already what's wrong with you people
so another year with no playoffs for the panties they built that building and
the two thousand last time they made it back when popl burry was there in
melon being witness those guys when they had a real team and when somebody
actually may have cared about it but not no more
one empty seats
one empty seats only finally for them in there with them
because it was fan appreciation of the giveaway of a bag of crap
well giveaways that's that's the ticket down here man
that's the thing in south Florida maybe if you don't care at all you'll still
show up if they're given anything away no matter what it is
a bag full of crap a bag full of kitty crap they all they're giving it away
it's kitty crap that the path again
it's a very sad
but i was really pleased with that crowd of the all i got some one piece of bad
news though
restaurant news okay
and of course i really enjoyed my weekend down there that's because i kept busy
and did zip the long there was only their luck even less
uh... less than two days which is a real good pit stop you know
yeah i think i'm going to do it more often and just to stay shorter time
you know what i mean by that
what do you think about that but when you're down there for such a short time it's
not like you have a chance to go to all these restaurants like i have that
that and i appreciate very much and i will take them up on the next time i'm
down there the
invitation to come to the um...
christine leaves in gulps to
because everybody raised you know in my whole life i've never been to christine
leaves even the original one and wherever the hell was
was it my any somewhere
i don't know
christine leaves everybody always is the best dates in town or christine leaves
everybody says that
what i've never been there
but they got the new one of gulps dreams the next time i'll take them up on that
you don't have time to eat a lot of restaurants i had one meal there at the
mirens deli
in pompino park which was excellent man those cheeseblences to die for
oh my god
and uh... the other me we had unfortunately saturday lunch was at
the grandluck scoffing
and people are to say what you talk about it both sides of your ass
the only you tell me this place is great it's like a red lobster
it's safe to go back to the red lobster all depending on what you order you
have to be very careful what you order
you know i mean right now
what do you mean you know there's restaurants like that were the
certain things that are great and then the rest of the life that you know
yes
and that's how um... red lobster is the chowder's great those little mushroom
stuff with crab meat and the big baked in cheese and a little casserole
that's phenomenal
anything else uh... good luck here
and grandluck scoffing now they have clam chowder that was really sensational
i had a nice big bowl of chowder everything else sucked
it's it's the same mentality is the people that own them which is that the
cheesecake factory
and that is that they give you
gigantic embarrassingly humongous portion
people are starving all over the world and they give you this enough food for
like ten people and of course you don't want to eat it anyway because it's not
that good in the first place
i had an omelette how how bad can an omelette be okay
pretty tough to screw that up yeah well wasn't good
and omelette would like bacon and cheese and them
onions
and it sucked
and one of my friends had uh... fishing ships and it was like uh... sucked
and the other guy had uh... some kind of a sandwich and it sucked
so grandluck scoffing that's one for two in fact i'm thinking the last time i
was there the entree would not agree it was the appetizer was good
some kind of like spring rolls they were great
so you know just because somebody gives you uh... humongous
she doesn't have the itself for all the hazards we got under all the
snores
why get about forty dollars with a food for ten bucks and well great
when i start to think about the amount of food that they must throw away
every day in a place like that it's it's criminal
that's americans man big portions
yeah jg portions of crap
i'd rather have a medium size you know reasonable size portion
of really good food
who wants a giant portion of crap i went to that last saturday or whatever
night it was at a giant
portion
oh baby
age gigantic humongous portion
so anyway grandlucks cafe i withdraw my endorsement of that not that they
care
they were fairly busy not jammed packed
and that's so graceful what is the story with that place although the one
positive thing i will say is that
this time in the sawgrass i saw people who actually were speaking english
whoo they went from brazil they weren't speaking i don't believe you
yeah
i didn't say a whole lot of them but there was a people in their speaking
which would look like uh... they didn't just
break through the mexican border and jump over the wall what what you have
been i mean you're always in the negative when i come to gambling but not so
back
like i said when i need a thing you want to
with that what
i think you just that you'll have to send me any more to know i can't afford to be
sent no checks anybody after losing all that big money at the sloth this weekend
you jackass
i think i did pretty good especially after that horrendous start i mean pop it
over on that wheel of fortune you just keep waiting for something happen i
put in two hundred bucks in his one machine i never got a spin i don't think i
have got a cherry
it just sucks the money it's like a vacuum cleaner
there's like a little sound inside like oh my god a sucker is born every minute
just keep feeding baby feeding feeding feeding the dead machine mine
i'm just to unimpressed with what they did there and i want to saw my good friend
director at pop and oparcan even recognize me
but here finally he did recognize me came over give me a big hug in the squeeze
i think he kissed me on the cheek which is you know in the godfather that kiss on
the cheek
i get a little Michael kissed afraid of on the cheek
or speak of godfather it's a running on a mc again all day every day yep
what is that all about i mean you know what a big fan i am and i did watch an
hour part two yesterday you can't watch it on amc
what's my guess
well we just missed it just went into a break there it's on again right now so
remind me
when they're finished with a break here on amc
what's what's that all about it i guess everybody watches it every time
every day
no they don't even as much of a group is as much as i'm hooked on it man
i watched an hour of a part two yesterday where heim and roth was getting
shot at the airport remember that of course
i'm an investor living out of pension and blah blah blah blah blah but the way
they cut it too i mean they they cut it plus the commercials it's pretty
tough to watch on amc
what are you trying to say like you don't know the dialogue by heart already
the part of sia's day was frankie pentangely
where he was testifying yes
you got that gunplate michael coli only did this and michael coli only did that
i got that here somewhere yeah
i can say i'm the michael coli only did this
and the michael coli only did that and i said yes
i said yes and then i saw the part where time hegan goes to visit him in prison
and tells him the story about how by an ancient role they used to you know
go home and slip their wrist and uh
all out of the crap in the bathtub right and then the fbi guys are sitting
there playing cards and fricke fricke and he goes and there's uh just uh
he's dead in adornio with a bath bathtub full of blood
he opened up his vein
597 hosts are goal of 600 and lady martesis got one lady must have voted
already
how about your costella should we put him on here
oh yeah we can add him c-a-s by the way costella
got it he got it got it now who is the other rush
muffa used to be on with joe overnight what was it
mara isanberg isanberg we didn't belong on the isanberg
yeah mara isanberg is he related to bob isanberg in the sale department
no why why are you laughing when you i say that
is that such a common name isanberg
yeah in my any yeah i mean isan i can understand
while spending the remainder of your gold the isan
car alarm right i don't want to play oh
that's one of my favorites is it yeah how about the big
vent car alarm we can't play that i'm really not sure
i know why we can't play and i know he says mother but you know
it's bleak that pretty yeah it's bleak pretty good maybe we'll try that
not we want to be really on the very safe side okay well what's the point of
playing with fire you know when you burn yourself uh over and over again
and who knows joe might be out there monitoring right now and we're so
scared of joe's bitch six hundred votes even on christ's very famous pool
mara isanberg and joe costella votes just went on there they both got the big
oh they just went on there for christ's sake okay speaking numbers
now i've either one of you eating at the grandlox cafe no no no no
i'm not gonna say don't because they have some things that are good but boy be
real selective so eat the chowder then well that that was the soup of the day
it was very good it was excellent there i would say this their appetizers and
soups and that kind of stuff is great the entrees are like just just a huge
portion of crab just a big oversized bunch of crab i don't know
that's that's their mentality there they obviously are doing very well
because there are a lot of people in broward county who want joe you know
shnawers they just want a ton of food uh for as little as possible
it doesn't have to be good food it doesn't even have to be edible food just a
whole lot of stuff on the plate and that makes them happy well good luck to you
Barack Obama's extended his lead over swore to recline among democrats
nationally 52 to 42 percent the third consecutive gallop day a poll daily tracking
report in which he's held a statistically significant lead
and his biggest lead in the year in this poll so far
latest results are based on gallop poll daily tracking deducted march 27 to 29
but they're especially well interviewed and conducted march 29 whatever that
means you know it's like the arbitrage
they got a bunch of wired diaries 52 to 42 percent he leads her and this was
just this past weekend nice going for a he's gonna kick her ass he's
gonna be done after north kirlane yeah as a matter of fact what a good
segue to this next story swore reclines presidential campaigns been
delaying paying their bills earning the campaign a reputation of a deadbeat
in some small business circles according to publicos kenteth p vocal deadbeat
swore how do you like that we got a song about that now i know we can't plan
what we could but we're not part of it you know no we're not going to play part of
it what is wrong with you just an ojon provocateur is what you are
hey hella re
the air
this grandmaster vocal movie inside he got the right to work on what you don't
know is the base corporate got no k
yeah i need the job okay i need the work so you know you mr big mouth and
they're mr big shot you know mr big shot what you have the job here too
screw you no thank you clinton's cash on hand is being spent on critical
media buys intended to bolster an increasingly uphill bid for the democratic
presidential nomination a pair of Ohio companies owe more than 25 grandbyes
swore for staging events for a campaign are warning others and they tighten
that event production community and anybody else who will listen to get their
cash off front when doing business with her vocal rights
i'm going to learn a casino business where is michael
where is michael
right there is michael kill salupso
uh-oh
it was michael kill salupso see do i know my dialogue every word
oh let's see her campaign swore his campaigns they represent those of the
two companies know how i stopped returning phone calls and email seeking payment
invoices one even got no response from a certified letter
right you go girl she's kicking ass her own their cautionary tales combined with
published reports about similar difficulties faced by a new handshirt landward
and i will office cleaner in a new york caterer highlights a less obvious impact
of clinton's inability to keep up with the staggering fundraising pay set by a
Barack Obama clinton's campaign to climb a state of recent specific
questions about such transactions political said but clinton spokesman jay
Carson pointed on seven to an earlier statement the campaign issued a political
asserting the campaign pays its bills regularly and the normal person
business and pays all of its bills yet we've heard that before too
speaking of what you were talking about
okay you don't worry about it
yeah for sale when in the rain the most damage i'm gonna end it by killing that
old bastard
yeah you get an away reputation i hope you're enjoying it
you'll just do what i tell you to do
damn it high on a war time comes from the area to see i wouldn't be in a state
pop that janko look at that
thank you
gotta get tighter on that deal
i mean i made a little dinner
i made a little dinner
alright
biggest name
the best town
to your business
four hundred and five sixty qa m
and the fourth leader
fill out your brackets for who's the area online at wqa.com
pixie be made round by round and bonus points are given for picking up
who's the area
long on and play a presentation of sports radio five sixty qa m
it's not done till it's toasted the new kfc talk
oh god that's the reason this is a bed that i got
my good thought yeah that's apolonia's daddy there with the uh
saloon the cafe whatever that place was
how about we just carried godfather uh the whole dialogue
alright
anyway so here's a little information it says to lose around the show with you
now who was it was talking about the rascal house was all over the news was
that Chris yes you're the loser that he's referring to
no remind me palm tree guy it says rascal house was on every tv channel last
night as yesterday was oh yesterday was their final day well why didn't you
say that i didn't pay attention to seven they were closing what i didn't pay
attention to what they're saying there was a big big trouble
saturday's herald on the rascal house memories as well and michael mayo had a
blog post about it today the channel for report says
zygazant a south of the landmark known for its cornbee sandwiches and red
vinyl booths will be closing its doors for the final time sunday it's no
my runs i'll take it at if you miss the rascal house go to
pompe no park and go to well my runs dilly
man those blinces were just to die for the rascal house on 170 first in
commons and sunny house beaches shutting down
oiii
is it is it just me or is it you're feeding me low level or is maybe i'm going
deaf like rush i haven't been popping any oxies but i
is it the level a little lower than usual or what i haven't changed anything over
here now there you have not yes now maybe the other room i don't know maybe i
haven't changed anything the restaurant's been serving New York deli
style sandwiches and meals for more than 50 years
wolfie colon opened the restaurant in 1954
the owner say it's just time to close down let a new business take over since they
said businesses recently slowed down
that's because all the old jews who died off are moved to bokeh good what i
meant business to slow down oh places like
thirty dollars for a turkey sandwich you turkey how do you know you eat the
rascal house i've been there at like you deserve whatever punishment you get
miss you let me tell you that right now
to me it was problem sunny a lot of our clientele has moved you know north or
west i'm a retarder passed away explained
jason starkum was one of the owners rascal as regular say they're not ready
to say goodbye it's very sadson merrill and gillman i'm very depressed the food here
is delicious we've been coming here for 20 years we love being here well that's
what goes honey unfortunately it's the end of an error said David seagull was
having his late last sunday night supper at the restaurant brings a little
not to your throat a little tear in your eye to know that most businesses don't
even last 54 years and this one's finally going to be gone too and once it's gone
it's gone the rascal house will join the ranks of wolfies,
puppets and corkeys has yet another famous New York style that i don't forget the
Carnegie deli too as another famous New York style w and sub photo shuts its
doors as in recent years mondia one pm today the owners of the rascal house
plan on selling different parts of the restaurant such as the menus boots and
the tables
oooh maybe you're going to get your own boot that are run over there yeah
and they're turning into the epicures what they have been saying doesn't say
thing about that in this story but it's going to be another big epicure
market which is great the epicure on the beach is fabulous
not as good though as villa deli which is long gone and once it's gone
that's the way it goes shivering in blankets of pennstates color some 20
thousand people filled a campus long yesterday to hear Barack Obama say he can
win the democratic nomination even if swallahry stays in the race
supporters stood in long lines for hours to hear Obama head of the april 22nd
pennstill venue primary on a sunny day with temperatures in low 40s most
bundled up for the taver large scale round it has become the candidate
trademark it's been a while it's a little bit cold but we really like
Barack he's inspiring said 19 year old Caitlin McDonald
Mac than L I wonder she's came to Paul Mac than L from Woodbine
wrapped in a blue knitney lines blanket pennstill venues primary is the next
contest in the Obama Clinton fight for the democratic presidential
nomination the keystone state which will allocate 158 delegates
is the biggest single delegate prize remaining in the democratic primary
game
picketing plays picketing plays
all right I just can't get over that one old guy sitting with his crumpled up
dollar bill trying to jam it in the machine and there was a whole bunch of empty
machines right there the same machine you know I mean
yeah well why it's just called being stubborn being a hard
ass being a jerk well he knew that was the winning machine but I was
letting machine man how would you got to put more than a bucket here to win
something and any machine man put some serious money in there or get the
hall out of here okay go uh big on a three-corner spares him change
mister go on get a tin cup
well here they're recording now appellonian in a hole the guts and the
spares following them up the mountain area make sure that nobody does no
hanky spanky or gets naked or anything like that
and there's a Fabrizio and what's it called oh following
the appeal and just like you said now here's the
interruption with the break tonight it's for us dumb
what is it about him that bothers me so much why did I like them in that first
movie the mermaid movie what was that one oh god what's the blast
splashed that was cute it was okay with Darrell Hannah yeah
with Darrell Hannah that was a cute movie he was innocuous
inoffensive and ever since then man I hate him like poison I can't
stand him what about bachelor party what what about bachelor party never seen it
hold on he's got to have made some good movies like what about say you see
saving private Ryan no saving Ryan's private good movie how about the
covenant with Steven straight who you hope isn't what who you hope isn't
all right well what do I hope what do I care if he if he's gay he's gonna come
jumping out of your game to my bed well what are you talking about yeah of course
I'm not one of those people that has these wild fantasies like I see some movie
star and it looks really odd and thinking oh boy I'm gonna do that no you're not
you're gonna get anywhere near that whatever that might be you know
I had a better chance with it the kid at the slot machine and what's it called
I don't know what he called it's a hard rock yeah I had a better chance there at
least he was standing right there the kid who got thrown out for being like the one
that got thrown out for being not old enough right he was old enough but not old enough for that
you didn't like catch me if you can I didn't catch him in the can now I'd go to the can
would I finally could find it now that's that's a great place I'm so glad that I thought
about going there and then of course in Georgia we all been out of shape but it comes back
oh you didn't go to Gulfstream they invited you listen next time I'm there when it's not
floated Derby weekend which you won't be because that was this weekend and it won't be so
psychotic I'll be delighted to go there because I hear nothing but great things about their casino
and about the food and all of them now what about the food did you eat there who you oh that's
right I wasn't there was it for what about your friends who were whining and dining for
yeah they ate for free man they were saying to be important people right they're not they
fake that they're all they how come how come they didn't mention your name there they might have
got thrown out there were Josh Cortes' friends you know from from the Josh Cortes show featuring
the O'Rodgers on Qiong that's it I think that would have done it yeah so the the food was good
that's what I hear excellent and contrary to all the history like I said before you got your
slot machines you got other stuff coming in pretty soon like real real gambling and the world
hasn't come to an end and there are people getting raped and robbed and the only thing I saw
was that little fist bite there between those two dark broads are at the pompadok screaming and
gnash man man man man bitch back up how you are whatever that was all about I don't know
it's what you expect in South Florida you know isn't like on a friendly like a hostile that's right
everybody's angry man what are they angry about the fact that they're stuck there is that it maybe
if I could tell you how pleased I was when I got back here and I got when that plane touched
down at Pearson Airport you can't even begin to imagine was there a sense of relief there were
an a sense of like oh I got my life back but like I said I had a good there was it was probably I
would say all the times I've been back down there in these last seven years that was the best weekend
it was it was fine except of course for that entree at Grand Luxcafe what did I have it on how can
you have a bad omelet what can you do to it over cook it it's sucked
now the next time you go to the hard rock and you lose money are you gonna hate it or
well of course you're gonna like it better you see you don't understand it's not a question whether
you want to lose it's a question whether there's any action or whether every machine is giving
you a chance or most of the machines are giving it like a little action for your money so like if
you win a little bit no even if you're lost but at least you had some fun you had a chance
a fighting chance that's the way it is with the slots you know it's just it's blind luck but at
least you had a chance whereas at Pompanyou fellow he had no chance especially those real fortune
machines man you couldn't you you had an H bomb you couldn't break into those damn things that's
how tight they are yeah some things tight is good some things oh not so good
is this a scene where a sonny is coming down after a bang in this uh the bodyguards are waiting for
sonny you know that big uh the Italian ship with a big ass yes there she is
well this is before he goes to see Connie and she's got the those two purple eyes
worst two minutes of my life 1132 at 560 WM what former QM host would you like to see back on QM
that's our poll question today 646 votes which is pretty good considering we started with
what about four votes I think about five we started a little bit low the hoppers kick an ass baby
he thought about a big ass can you even imagine that was fun I think you'll ever see him start to
a toilet seat for two uh for two minutes you know how they have like on a plane they have those
add-on seat belts what for extra fat people they have those they're like an add-on seat belt that
you like they add on to the original one I've never experienced that I haven't experienced it but
they have them well do you think they probably have toilet seats like that too I mean when you
got an ass it's by itself 150 pounds I mean how do you sit on the seat how do you get both
seats on the seat pray oh here comes Kay but she didn't have to go away go away Kay here comes Tom
yes well I have I mean I've tried riding and calling now I want to reach Michael nobody knows
what he is we know that he's all right but that's all what's that oh it's an accident but nobody
got hurt this is a part well that's an accident but nobody was hurt all right can I ask you seriously
okay how many times can he keep showing this on Bravo and AMC just over and over
I mean the fact that they're in of course I'm still watching it so how stupid
guide exactly and get ready to keep saying that because they literally run it every every minute
if it's not every day then it's let me look at the guide and see let's see one o'clock got
father part two again now part three I don't think they're like that heavy duty no that's right
because Voldemort's on after Godfather too Voldemort
hello hello who's this
this is a random call so would you tell him that I can't make it tonight until later
clean it up clean it up you spoiled Gini brat
get it on table I'm not over this oh he's gonna swear in a tiny week better not put that on
here you know back in the day you could say Buffalo Buffalo bills anyway let former QM host
would you like to see back at WQM Hank over 269 the Humphors kicking big fat gigantic
hairy ass 42 percent that was funny for L 92 Mohawar David did it in the 73
D.Fo 69 he's right on Moses now to the two they never worked together or not I don't think so
no more do you laugh at him they weren't too fond of each other if you don't remember
Mohan D.Fo oh no I'm sorry I thought you meant Mohan the Humper
you better get your Humper straight mister
what he's gonna regret that who Carla hey Carla how high uh Clements
don't you think it should have been a hint him when Clements he realized Clements was in a backseat
that something not too good was gonna happen very soon yeah D.Fo 69 under the above 66 none of the above
booster 29 Geoli 18 eddk 12 he was a late addition we apologize for that
Chris as he'd have 15,000 votes that we had to put him on the right away yeah when you said
something like that yep Kenyan bow only nine only yeah wow that showed just suck man
that was one of the that was an abortion every time that you would go on here the right to life
people were protesting outside the building on 441 Craig Mish 7 I still don't know who that is
Lady Martez has got appear and Mark Eisenberg and Joe Castello between the two of
Mibgot only got plus which is still nothing on mine Joe has one what is it on mine
you'll find the guy vote Joe Castello voted and a boy Joe I'm gonna have to do a
choice here in the second I don't know what that's all about what is that all about
just a little and I just farted real bad too in my seat don't tell you what here let me hit it
down the fence no no sound effects you better watch yourself mister your days could be numbered
brought Brandon's gonna come and kick your ass that that would be hilarious
6.73 now in a pool oh there goes sunny we're talking about a bad mood
some of these lines drive by the way
oh here comes the cause when you hear the play by play the Yankee game is on the radio
isn't the Yankee game well that's pretty impressive what I never noticed that
you'll see when he pulls up the tubers tubers guys listening to ball game on a radio
know who they are
they're talking about their fingers
Red bomber they're old red head maybe the Yankee
yeah
and you know what son he's last words were don't he
You're thanking us very much.
The best talent!
He's new Rogers, 420-560 QAM!
The sports leader!
Fill out your brackets for who?
She's Terry on-line at wqam.com
Fixed, can be made round-by-round and bonus points are given for picking one.
She's Terry on the front!
Log on and play, a presentation of 430-560 QAM.
Bell Sound Small Business simplifies your voice, data and network experience
so you can stay focused on what's important to you.
Bell Sound offers the ease of one-stop shopping, reliability, and stability.
All on the services your business needs, all on one bill with significant savings.
You will have the expertise on your side with a Bell Sound Small Business Expert.
Bell Sound Small Business will work closely with you to quickly create solutions that are right for your small business.
Call Bell Sound now at 866-497-SAVE or go to BellSound.com
so when you're ready to get everything you need from one company, just go with Bell Sound,
listening, answering.
Thinking about a pool?
Your own pool! That's ready when you are!
Well, stop thinking about it and make it happen!
Styser plans and Spas can help you!
They offer top quality...
I'm a chocolate boat, they're both about to do!
We are hypervergics, but we're here, I can't believe no vote.
Hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the shot, hit the shot, hit the shot, hit the shot, hit the shot, hit the shot, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the shot, hit the shot, hit the shot, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the shot, hit the shot, hit the shot, hit the shot, hit the shot, hit the shot, hit the shot, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit
the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the
ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball
hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit the ball, hit
Lisa then released last night that Zerkle was handing out antiwoven pamphlets to male goers and then all security told him to stop and turn his shirt inside out
Zerkle refused to turn his shirt inside out and wouldn't leave police set, security placed him on civilian arrest and called the police
When a police arrived, Zirkel passively resisted the intense to bring him to a police car to
release it.
A 80-year-old guy, a church-deacon, in a wheelchair.
But Zirkel said he was sitting in the food court drinking coffee with his wife Marie
77 and several other people when police and mall security approached him and demanded they
remove their anti-war t-shirts.
The others complied, but Zirkel said he refused and when he wouldn't stand up to be removed
and arrested the thirties brought over a wheelchair.
They forcibly picked me up and put me in the wheelchair said Zirkel a dec-deacon and
one of the poorest Catholic parishes on Long Island were devastating fire recently destroyed
the rectumry and storage areas.
Zirkel was charged with criminal trespassing and resisting arrest.
It was released on bail.
A spokeswoman from mall owners Simon Property Group didn't immediately return call
seeking comment.
Generally speaking, the mall's got the right to control what happens on its property.
So John McIntee, a union deal commercial litigation lawyer.
Activists with dueling opinions together supported and opposed America's five year campaign
in Iraq.
As Zirkel was being wheeled to the police car, the crowd chanted, we shall not be moved.
Moments later they moved.
Police and mall security had ordered them off the property.
Many joined a larger anti-war crowd assembled by the mall's entrance, off mall property
on veterans memorial highway.
They were complemented nearby by protesters saying the Iraq war is vital for security.
Right.
Vital for security.
You know, they were going to come and get us, you know, with all those nukes that they
didn't have and all those chemical weapons they didn't have, etc. and so on.
Remember?
Yeah, but why are you trying to start something?
We got Zach, tomorrow Wednesday and Thursday and we got what's his name?
Josh Cortes today and Friday.
George is on vacation all week.
That's right.
So those people who hate George like poison, what's the other few of those?
Just like they're many who hate me like poison.
That's the great news for you.
You got to hold George free week.
Nobody hates you.
So how did he do with the track on Friday, after I left?
He said he had a good time.
I know he won the first race that you gave him.
Did he bet it?
Yeah.
He bet the two horse paid us a certain change.
He did.
He thanked you.
And then I told you that the girl who was given him tips told him to bet on a horse that
won.
How they met so good, my boy.
Wait for it.
Come on.
You can do it.
Look at that.
That's not a book.
Yeah, there you go.
He's got these little hits.
Holy Sonny.
Now what were you saying?
He won some money and the lady gave him a good tip.
Yeah.
He didn't take it, but she was right and you know, he said he had a good time.
Everything was going to take it.
Like all of a sudden he's the expert.
See, that's the one thing about George, man.
Whatever the subject is, he's the expert.
He's the hard ass.
He missed somebody made where he won the first race and he lost the second race.
Yeah.
Yeah, because I told him to bet the double with the two and the something else.
I should have told him wheeled the double for Christ's sake.
168 dollar double.
Longest shot on the board won the second race.
It's real easy after the race is over, you know.
Of course.
Everybody's got the winner after the race is over.
There's Apollonia.
Mondays, Saturday, and Wanda.
Wednesday, Wednesday, Friday, Sunday, Saturday.
Oh, yeah.
They speak in a good English.
He'd be perfect in the, the county.
She speak in a good English.
He'd be great in Quebec, eh?
Ed Cassie on the smoking chimp rights.
Massachusetts representative, body Frank is proposing a bill that removed
federal penalties for possession and use of small amounts of marijuana.
Why do we need a federal bill that asks?
Because the rest of the country is far behind Alaska, California, Colorado, Maine,
Minnesota, Mississippi, Nebraska, Nevada, New York, North Carolina, Hawaii,
and Oregon, and decriminalizing Europe with Michigan on the verge of approving a similar bill.
We need a federal bill because we need to put an end to this fruitless, expensive
prohibition once and for all.
We need a federal bill because of the growing number of people across the nation who are
clamoring for legalization marijuana from indiscipline and recreational uses.
We need a federal bill because the prohibition of marijuana is rooted in racism, fear, and
greed, not in science.
Subbito.
Subbito.
Yeah.
Cassie.
Cassie.
Bad news from a murder to no dits.
That I may think of.
Your brother's son.
That's the dead of the semitino.
Morto.
I'm not much of a...
The Cliff Notes version of a piece written from the Virginia Law Review on how marijuana became illegal begins in about 1910,
where the cast of characters that runs the gamut from migrant war farmers to polygamist pot smokers
from Potrovia to William Randolph first, from nations first drugs to Zarr, Henry Ancelinger,
who led a vicious unfounded assault on marijuana, to the new conchemical company.
Frank's proposal would eliminate all federal penalties prohibiting the personal newcent possession of up to three and a half ounces of marijuana.
And also consumer marijuana would no longer face arrest, or even the threat of a civil fine.
An addition of bill would eliminate all penalties prohibiting the not-for-profit transfers of up to one ounce of cannabis between adults.
This bill is based on the 1972 National Commission on Marijuana Drug Abuse Study Commission by then President Richard Nixon,
which reported that the use of drugs for pleasure or other non-medical purposes is not inherently irresponsible.
Alcohol is widely used as an acceptable part of social activities he had, and the actual and potential harm of these to drugs not great enough to justify intrusion by criminal law into private behavior.
Alcohol is why...
As Dr. Curtis of Alcohol is widely used...
What do you think?
What's that?
I said, uh, how you doing?
Widenly what?
Tom was once described as a gateway drug that would lead our children on a path to dangerous drugs.
Today's kids, however, are finding it easier to raid the family medicine cabinet to get high.
We're also finding that the medicinal use of marijuana can be beneficial to those with serious medical conditions,
from life-threatening diseases to chronic pain.
That's right.
Mirinol, some experts say, is a good compromise because it's marijuana and pill-form and believe it or not,
it's something your doctor can prescribe for you without the DEA crawling all over them.
But it is cost prohibitive and researchers and patients are finding that because the cannabinoids use the manufacturer and all are so concentrated,
they feel like they're either getting too much or not enough of the drug.
You feel like you're getting too much booze or not enough?
Oh, just enough.
Those who go for the herb claim they can better regulate their dose by taking a token on a joid or hitting on a vaporizer because the effects are more immediate and effective.
It's time for our leaders to remove the cultural and nonsensical reasons for the prohibition on marijuana and past Barney Fag of Frank's Bill.
There you go, Ed Cossiala on a smirking ship.
Everybody light up, baby.
That's right.
Make a light California out here.
Of course, including Clarence Token Thomas.
There you go.
One of the big fat ones, Clarence, you phoning hypocrite, you lying sack of crap.
There we go.
Hey y'all, my name is Clarence.
Eugene Thomas, transibus, is nominee for this Supreme Court.
And you know there's a lot of people's I dare to think just of.
I smoked a little marijuana when I was in college.
And it wasn't everybody.
Pinnjoy.
Well, maybe cigars I enjoyed.
I know remember y'all.
Did they don't think I'm fit to be on this Supreme Court?
Yeah, I got to munch you.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to sit y'all straight when I stop reviewing the law.
I don't just review the law.
Here y'all.
I've been Token.
And I've Token to the east.
And I've Token to the west.
And I've Token to the right.
I look up Sandardale, kind of as best.
I've been Token.
Let's go burn one y'all.
692 vote.
We're going to be right on the cusp of 700 by the top of this hour.
Which means we're going to shot at what 800?
999.
Oh, there's a Barzini.
Always listen to a reason.
Here's from Barzini.
He had all the judges in the past.
He had all the judges and politicians in his pocket.
He refused to share them.
When did I ever refuse on the cusp one time?
All of it in the under here.
When did I ever refuse on the cusp one time?
One time.
Come on.
I've got some reason this problem is one of the sorrows of he is the cop.
I mean it's not like gambling.
Women.
Luckily women.
Which is something the most people want nowadays.
Not me.
I don't know why I know women.
Even the police departments.
The violence and the violence and the violence that are going to refuse to help us when it comes to narcotics.
And I believe that.
And I believe that now.
Times have changed.
It's not like the old days.
Or we can do anything we want.
A refusal was not the act of a friend.
After all we are not communists.
Stan Carlione had all the judges and the politicians in New York.
And he must share all about his youth.
He must let us draw the water from the world.
After all.
Certainly he can present the will for such services.
After all we are not communists.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe that.
And in my eyes, the Soupplayful Cup is the beginning of last year.
you have always been proud of it.
I believe that.
Yes, you can buy it at 2009.
I know you are golden, those are the best.
νο So y're the here and there that is 19 tozur.
Le Mans-, followed up with Eva T Right and the espaniace duo wrap it up,
as well as the mystery behind the Records and a burn mansion.
It is black and white when white Marvel theater Teresa Luj男's
family-friendly prices.
Many items included 12-ounce-center-need-cut-n-earth-strip, a pulled pork platter.
Marble Cube-baby-back ribs and marinated or Texas-style chicken breast, plus they've got phenomenal
desserts like homemade bread pudding, and their famous beast split banana split.
They're going up to share, but good enough to eat all by yourself.
Lucille's American Cafe, there are 2250 Western Road, call 954-384-9007.
And our thanks to yours truly even by $50 certificates and half price, it's our way of saying
thanks to you for putting up with our crap all of these years.
The store opens at noonthursdayonwqm.com, but be sure to act fast, because once they're
gone, they're just gone.
The best talent in all of your projects is the 4.50 QAM.
The sports leader.
The love your brack is for who?
The carrier online at wqam.com.
Pixie be made round by round and bonus points are given for picking up sales.
This is the carrier.
The world is on fire.
The world is on fire.
The world is on fire.
The world is on fire.
The world is on fire.
The world is on fire.
The world is on fire.
The world is on fire.
The world is on fire.
The world is on fire.
The world is on fire.
The world is on fire.
The world is on fire.
The world is on fire.
The world is on fire.
The world is on fire.
Such as?
Such as we're going to break into the rascal house and eat all the leftovers?
No.
What if that any kishki left over to rascal house?
You ought to wrap it up and send it to me.
Still, I haven't found any good kishki.
Although it looked really at that menu with the famous kosher dealer who was really inviting.
I didn't get to go there.
Damn it.
How many meals can you eat in a couple of days?
Why should I ask you that?
So why don't you go to the rascal house before the clothes bar you're done there?
I don't like the rascal house.
I know anything to do with the rascal house.
Don't you understand if I was going to go to that?
In addition to which my rinse deli was just fine.
If I wanted deli, it was right there inside Pompano.
Well, I was losing.
While I was losing my ass.
Pompano reminded the casino.
The machines reminded me of Montreal.
It's kind of like a one-way deal.
They just take.
Like Joey Zazza said, if you won't give that I take.
Well, that's what you're going to have to do is break into the machine.
Because they don't pay out.
You know anything like that?
They don't put out?
Yeah.
So as your Russian girlfriend doing these days,
she goes to the keys with you and I'm sure she did not.
Dude, I went to the keys for a bachelor party.
Why would...
You know, she's not my girlfriend, by the way.
But no.
Your former girlfriend, your ex.
Yes.
No, she did not go to the keys with me.
Police are investigating the 11-year-old girl's death from an undisclosed,
treatable...
I'm sorry, an undiagnosed, treatable former diabetes after her parents chose to pray
for her rather than take her to a doctor.
More Getzky's, man.
More crazy...
These are murderers.
Murderers.
Now, where the hell is this?
Well, how come they don't tell you in these stories a lot of times where the hell it is?
An autopsy show Madeline Newman died yesterday of diabetic keto-acidosis,
a condition that left too little insulin in her body.
Everest Metro Police Chief, Dan Virgian, said.
Where the hell is Everest?
Anybody got any idea?
No idea.
She had probably been ill for about a month suffering symptoms such as nausea, vomiting,
excessive thirst, loss of appetite and weakness that she said the last week,
noting the expects to complete the investigation by Friday.
What's the date on this?
Oh, from last Friday.
And forward results of the DA.
The girl's mother, Lillani Newman, said that she and her family believe in the Bible
and that healing comes from God.
Beal God!
But that they don't belong to an organized religion or faith are not fanatics,
nothing gets thought through.
No, they're not fanatics, but they later die.
What a...
Oh, my God.
She insisted a youngest child, a wide-regral known to wear a straight brown hair and a ponytail
was in good health until recently.
We just noticed a tiredness within the past two weeks she said Wednesday.
And then just the day before and then that day, the day she died,
it's something that went into a more serious situation.
We stayed fast in prayer then.
We believed she'd recover.
We saw signs that to us looked like she was recovering.
Her daughter who hadn't seen a doctor since she got some shots as a three-year-old
occurred to a virgin or that virgin had no fever and there was vitamin something in her body,
a warmth in her body.
This copy is so bad.
You know you faxed this to me?
Yep.
The Mount Palomar telescope couldn't help you read this thing.
The girl's father, Dale Newman, a former police officer, said he started CPR
as soon as the breath of life left his daughter's body.
Family members were also called authorities to seek help for the girl, some family.
My sister-in-law, she's very religious.
She believes in faith instead of doctors.
The girl's aunt told a sheriff's dispatcher Sunday afternoon in a call from California.
And she called my mother-in-law to explain to us that she believes her daughter is in a coma now.
And she's relying on faith.
The dispatcher got more information of the color.
I suppose an ambulance should be sent.
Please, the woman replied.
I mean, she's refusing.
She's going to fight it.
We've been trying to get her to take her to the hospital for a week for days now.
The aunt called back with more information on the family's location, emergency law of show.
Family friends also made a 911 call from the home.
Police and paramedics arrived within minutes and immediately called for an ambulance that took her to hospital.
But less than an hour after 30s reached their home, Madeleine, a bright student,
who left public school for a home schooling this semester, was declared dead.
She survived by her parents and three older siblings.
We're remaining strong for our children, Lillani Newman said.
Our only faith in God, our only faith in God, is giving us strength at this time.
That's the same God, by the way, that didn't answer their prayers and let the little girl die.
It's just like if you noticed speaking to God, Father, when a freighter goes out fishing with Neary,
and gets shot, and just before he gets shot, what's he doing? He's saying, he held Mary's.
Remember that?
Just before a freighter gets, but I'm thinking, a back of the head, he's saying,
a holy Mary mother of God, bla, all this other crap.
Preparations.
Yeah, now it's the hour of our death, as in like, right now, freighter.
The Newman say they move from California to a modern middle class home in Woodsy, Weston,
just outside of Warsaw and central Wisconsin.
About two years ago to open up a coffee shop and be close to other rollers,
a basketball hoop is set up in the driveway.
The Lonnie Newman said,
she and her husband aren't worried about the investigation because their lives are in God's hand.
And if he takes it, is going to care of them as he did with their daughter,
they're going to be really off-tourists very soon.
As they say in the buffalo of tourists during the Polish bowling festival.
You know when the Polish bowling festival is in Buffalo?
What is that?
All year.
Every year.
So you're not the, you're not, so you already ate there.
Now what about Christy?
Do you ever eat the basketball house?
Never ate there.
Now, Josh is going to tell you today, really miss something.
What did he miss?
Turkey sandwich?
How good can a turkey sandwich be?
It sucked.
I'm knocking the rascal off.
I thought you would tell me how great it will.
No, I went in there like, I think it was open like, I mean.
How bad can a turkey sandwich be?
It's not about how good or bad it is.
It was like, I ordered a turkey sandwich and it was like $26.
I was like, are you serious?
It's my 26 bucks.
Probably.
Fast too.
707 on the pool, our goal is 710.
We're keeping things low, you know.
It's Monday, it's the last day of March.
I just farted again, real bad.
What?
I can't, I can't help it.
I just want to play a sound effect.
So bad.
We can't, can't do it.
You know I play f***ing bad.
Good thing you don't have that 360 there.
You're just carrying around with it all week.
Yeah.
I don't understand that.
Why wouldn't you give it to the engineer who ever was out there,
step or whomever, and have them bring it back to the station
and hook it back up again, where it belongs?
That would be good, wouldn't it?
No, because then you'd be playing fart sounds and we'd all be out on the beach.
Right.
I mean, what do you carry out with that horse ball website thing you got?
So what is it that you're doing the rest of the week?
Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday that keeps you so busy you can't do the show?
And I have to be mine.
Listen, I know it's hard for you to understand that I have a full-time job now.
So it's hard for me to come in any day.
I just like doing it.
So others, I guess you're expecting another check because you showed up today, right?
Listen, I like doing it.
If you want to bonus stuff.
If it were up to me, I'd come in here every day.
Every day.
But you know, I got a lot of responsibilities.
You're laying on the plate.
That's right.
Like maybe an old turkey sandwich?
Right.
At 2650 sounds a little bit steep for a turkey sandwich.
No matter how big it is, it's not how I coaxured the turkey and how Jewish the turkey was.
I wonder if those chickens are kosher.
I wonder if they've been blessed on that machine that I put in a heat hot.
I love that game.
If you go to the casino just to look for the heat hot machines.
Okay, they're a hoot.
I'll have to do that.
There were two sent machine, I believe, or are they from Nickel machine?
I think two sent.
But you play like the man.
You got to play the max to get to the maximum benefit.
Have a chance to win anything.
I think what it is is 30 times 5 is 150.
So it's like a $3 machine.
152 senses.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
That whole thing to me is just, I just don't get it how they get away with that.
Oh, it's a Nickel machine.
It's a 2-cent machine.
The hell it is, okay?
If you want it, it's like that big wheel of fortune.
One sent in 2-cent thing.
They got with a huge wheel.
I didn't see any of those down there.
They have one of woodbinds and have them in an agra.
And you got in order to get a spin, you've got to play a 40 times something.
Well, that's only 80 cents.
That's not a big deal.
But nevertheless, it's a scam.
It's not a 2-cent machine.
It's an 80-cent machine.
Sure, you can play 2 cents.
And you can sit there like, you know, for 2 seconds and a good buy.
I'd like to get a couple of dollar bill.
Why won't it take my money?
Hey, why won't it take it?
Because it's broken.
It's subruching you idiot.
You old goat.
712 votes on a pool.
We're kicking ass, man.
Our goal is, we can get 900, I think.
And then jerks.
Jerks will be all whipped up to a frenzy about that.
Wow, is he still on or what?
Is he done already?
No, he's on.
He's here.
You sure?
Because a lot of people are floating around.
And Chris is very most of them.
You sure?
About how he's going to be done very soon?
Not me.
How D.A. is going to be doing their 2 to 4?
That's what you said on Friday.
You said that.
What are you talking about?
712 votes on a pool.
What form are we going to listen?
I mean, the heat, the first of all, the season just about over, right?
Yeah, well, it is over for them.
No, it's over since opening day for them.
They're like nine games left, I think.
Nine losses left.
I think we're looking at that.
They're going to be like three or three.
Well, whatever it is, it's, uh, what differences to make.
What's pointless, you know?
And then what's going to happen in the rest of the year?
Is he going to still be talking about the stats from the last loss or from last night's
disgraceful loss of the soldier?
Well, what's the point?
You know, I don't get it.
Or is he going to switch gears and talk about baseball, maybe?
Open up the marlins.
That David Samson, man, can you say A-hole?
We can't say it on the ear anymore, but can you say A-s?
712 votes.
What former QM host would you like to see back on WQM?
I'm sure that our management people are scouring over the results of this poll.
As they get ready to pick somebody else to do, two to four who'll work really cheap.
Hank Goldberg, the Humper, is kicking ass baby.
294, they want the Humper back.
They miss him bad.
He was on TV, he was on the Florida Derby Telecast on a weekend.
I saw him.
It was good to see him.
Good to see he was still alive.
They got nine games left.
The heat.
Seat.
And then what?
Tell what is he doing after those games?
I'll ask him today.
Hank 294, for round 102, they want for round back.
I just give me the FN money.
Mohawar, David at 80.
None of the above 77 ought to forgot to say.
I was thinking about that the other day.
Where did that come from?
I don't remember.
How that started?
Your boy Boca.
I mean.
I know he, but it had to be based on something.
Well, when George comes back, remind me to ask him.
Chris.
Okay.
He'll make something up.
Mohawar.
No 80, none of the above 77.
Defo 74, the booster 31.
Yeldey, 19.
The sweet master.
To these pot bands.
And boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop.
And Yeldey, everyone wants to know how sweet it's a little bit.
And that's the panther telecast.
Yeldey, 19.
80, K-12.
80 was the late addition.
We are deeply apologetic about that.
Chris is his bed.
Craig I have a polyethic.
Kenny and Bo only nine.
They've been stuck at nine for a long time.
That's their whole audience.
The people of Mr. Square table and gay are not gay.
Lenny Martez, three.
Joe Costello, two and Mark Eisenberg for reasons which are easily understandable to me.
And Scott the big O.
No.
Zero.
Oh, that's hell.
You're his new largest sport radio 560 QAM.
Big sports leader.
Cherry Schrader had a problem.
One day he came home to find his air conditioning unit.
Not cool.
That's when he made the call.
He called Ed Helms, air sports, sports, sports.
You're doing this in situation we have.
Yeah, they miss that show, baby.
That Kenny and Bo morning show.
They miss it like a gigantic 400 pound tumor.
I hear him on the coast.
What?
You're like what?
I hear him on the coast.
Can you even bow?
No, just Kenny.
You're losing the coast.
How is he doing over there on the coast?
Is he puking out the hits?
He talks like twice an hour.
That's more than enough.
That's at least one time more than enough.
So I got the background on a dodo dodo.
I'm going to do it.
Dodo dodo dodo.
Dodo dodo dodo.
Yeah.
And what like that, baby?
Apparently I guess it was one of the first bits, maybe even the first bit.
That Boca ever did about him.
He started all saying dodo dodo dodo.
And that's why the dolphins are going to win the championship.
It was basically like, you know, Boca speak instead of saying blah blah blah.
He just kind of pulled out dodo dodo.
And it pulled it out.
Yeah, and it stuck and then you enjoyed it so much that you know you would just play that part of the beginning.
Dodo dodo dodo.
Exactly.
And then it just kind of kept going and going to do this.
Who told me?
No, George.
George told me that George is listening.
He said he was driving around and he was in the middle of switching his listening to the radio.
He was in the middle of switching CDs.
And he heard where you know that's the part that he heard about.
Where did dodo dodo dodo dodo.
Likely Sturray.
He's sitting there glued to the radio.
Well, you know, he never knew.
All the people in the world who I figured he'd be the last one to listen to the radio when he's on vacation.
When I was down there, I had the weekend I never listened except for that few seconds I heard of 790 because John had been listening to the Panther game the night before on the way home when he left the, you know, the post game.
See, there's another example by the way of what's going with the Jocqueocracy on a radio.
You've got Randy Reddy or Moor, who wants to be Rick Jenner at junior because he used to play in Buffalo.
And therefore he steals all the generates of things except for the fact that Moor is not a broadcaster.
And Billy Lindsay, who was a good player in the nice guy, but you know, they're two more jobs doing the games on the radio.
Top shelf where grandma hides the cookies.
My God, I got news for you.
Okay, Randy, I know Rick Jenner at you ain't no Rick Jenner at God.
There's not just as cast and over hilltators, nothing worse than a ripoff artist.
The guys that got no originality rip off everybody else's routine sucks sucks right here, Randy.
Just like the Panthers sucks.
Although I do like that Rusty Olesh.
I like him a lot.
Radislav.
What?
Isn't it Radislav?
Well, Rusty is what they call it.
I love those guys who are like Rusty, what's his name on Columbus? What's his name?
I don't know.
Plasma.
Who?
There's another one for you.
All those hot European guys.
Good God.
Too bad they weren't that hard rock.
Did you know you're kind of gay?
Hard rock.
I like that place.
That's a good place.
Good place to gamble.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Good place to eat.
Easy- Gesun Remember valorizi denn.
Odd spaceckOK pass sarah there.
Area Bridge.
Area Bridge.
Doud says surrender already Dorothy.
It's all about the magic really and whether we can take a fly around the skinny guy with
a strange name and braid an ancestry to help us get it back.
Bernard Kushner, the four minister of France and a strong supporter of the U.S., recently
observed the present bushes on such a number on our image in the world that nobody will
be able to restore the luster.
I think the magic is over, he said.
In terms of style, the Obama's could give Carla Bruni Sarcosia run for her euros, and
his W and John McKean are insisting it's improving while we see it exploding.
Many voters decided last week to stick with Obama despite his less than convincing explanations
about the Reverend Wright, even as many soured on Hillary, casting her as Lady Valdemore.
Democrats are coming around to the point she had rocked up over the past 10 days to go
after introducing Obama and West Virginia.
Democrats always made a mistake by nominating people who knew everything on earth or
risk to know about public policy.
I had produced both Al Gore and John Currier at their rallies.
He said, they knew all the policies, but people didn't connect with them.
You don't get elected president if people don't like you.
They don't like you, Svory.
Despite Bill Clinton saying it was a bunch of bull that his wife should drop out, Democrats
are trying to sneak up on Hillary, throw a burlap sack over her head, carry her off the
field and stick her in a sudden spider hole until act of the Denver Convention.
One Obama advisor moaned that the race was beginning to feel like a hostage crisis, and
probably would go on for another month to six weeks.
And Obama said that the God, when will this be over primary season, was like a good movie
that lasted about a half hour too long.
Hillary suddenly reposted that she likes long movies.
Her favorite as a girl was Wizard of Oz, so surely she spots the surrendered Dorothy
sign in the sky and the bad portent of the ladies of the view burbling to Obama about
how sexy he is.
But who knows?
Obama and Bob Casey talking March madness to the patrons of Sharky Sports Cafe in the
Trope Pennsylvania and Friday night seemed demographically clever, but it's always when Hillary is pushed
back by the boys that women help hoist her up.
Obama like the prenaturally gifted young heroes mythical tales is still learning to channel
his force.
Like in that movie, they covenant.
He can ensure sell when he has to and has viral appeal.
Who else could optimize a new one's 40 minute speech on race into a musty YouTube view
of viewing for 20 year old.
But it's several crucial, I just love these words that Marine Dow uses.
She did it's like a contest to see how many big words that she can use that nobody understands.
But a several crucial points in last year, Obama's held back when he should have poured
it on, leaving his nemesis around the damaging further.
Obama has social engineering plans as ambitious in their own ways.
The Bush administration's failed social engineering plans to change the psyche of American
and Middle East.
I think the president needs to use the bully pulpit to change our culture he said Thursday,
talking energy to a thousand dollar plate fundraiser in Manhattan.
We're a wasteful culture.
It's always been that way because of our history we do everything big like they do with that
grand Luxcafe.
He wants to make government cool again.
He wants to banish the red blue culture of conflict on TV in Washington.
He wants to make the country healthier, thinner and smarter.
I want our students learning art and music and science and poetry he says in a crowd-pleasing
line.
Using his preacher voice, he urged a black audience in Beaumont, Texas to be better parents
to put away chips and cool pop-bites for breakfast and turn off the TV and video games.
Buy a little desk or put that kid at the kitchen table he instructed.
Watch them do their homework.
It's not certain that Obama could bring about an American Renaissance as the early entertainment
lawyer Nancy McCullough who was on Harvard Law Review with Obama told Vanity Fair's top
podium he tended to wallow in words.
She said he was so intent on letting everyone have a say that I actually would have been
happier from the say sometimes.
This is how we're doing this and everybody else showed up.
The Pulster Peter Hartz says the central question to our is Hillary Honest and his Obama's
safe.
Her foreign affairs pumping up his herter while his exotic and unorthodox narrative
stirs down.
If I were to produce a spot for Obama Hartz and I would take 100 photographs of everything
he does with his children and wife that could range from Halloween to a picnic to everything
we identify with part of American life so people could say I relate to that I understand
it.
But for now Obama might want to leave the Trinity Church photos out of that montage.
The biggest name of the best out of Peter is no largest 4.60 km.
The fourth leader.
He allowed your brackets for who?
Shesheria online at wqam.com.
Pitch could be made round by round and bonus points are given for picking up his scary
other.
Long on and play.
A present day?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I never have been gay.
He's top to that.
He wants to stay.
But his own party was him to go away.
He wants to stay.
He wants to stay.
Well, he's got a very wide stance.
Some of the guys that played baseball and now they go up to the play they got a wide stance.
And where he's got a wide stance.
And he's got one leg over here and where you do something over there.
Watching Marlon's opening day today?
No, I will not.
Are you going to be going out to the ballpark?
You're very big with the organization.
No, I am not.
At least used to be when they were on a station.
I used to be at.
When according to Barry Jackass we were losing a million bucks a year on that crap.
I engineered the games for four years, man.
And it was cool.
And then he used to cover up for Dave Anvorring and talk about how great he was.
Is he still doing the games out there across the street?
Yeah, I think so.
Wow.
Wow.
Apparently Jesse can't even get a credential.
Even though he worked on it with the broadcast for a couple of years.
Jesse?
Yeah, Jesse Agler.
Yeah, he can't get a credential?
Yeah, they won't get one credential.
Why not?
I don't know.
But they're talking about it this morning.
Oh, that's because they hate Joe Bell.
Is that what Joe Rose was talking about?
The fact that they treat all our people so bad because they hate Joe Bell like poison
because he didn't want to lose a million dollars again in them this year?
Well, too bad, David Sampson.
You jackass, you little gerbil.
That's what he is.
He's like a little walking and talking gerbil, David Sampson.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
You don't want to say anything.
Well, he don't want to say anything.
Me?
Yeah, that's right.
I think he's the answer to the native.
No, not you.
I'm talking about courtists.
Oh, what do I care?
We did it!
Because you never know someday they might let you back in or again.
They might give you like a hand sanitizer.
Maybe a turkey sandwich for less than 2650.
We did it!
Yeah, you did it all right.
You're a jerk.
And they're going to build them that ballpark.
Oh my god.
Yeah, yeah.
It's just crazy.
This is a town that never learns their lesson.
They built the Macarena there for the Panthers.
They never make the playoffs.
It's seven years in a row now.
They haven't made the playoffs.
They built that Mickey.
They slipped the Mickey to the public and they had counted.
They built that stupid arena which they need like a whole locking cup.
And he'd lose eight million games.
So let's build another stadium baby in Miami where nobody wants to go.
Jesus, talk about neurotic repetition.
Just goes on and on and never ends.
752 votes on the pool.
Look at that.
We got UN and F.S.F.A.U. Baseball tomorrow night.
And D.A. has got to follow that poor Damon man.
He's little to you know what he was in for.
How's he doing?
Is he all right?
Yes, well I know.
Is he acclimated?
Is he come to accept his fate that he's here?
Haven't asked him.
Well he was out on the beach when they heard him so you know.
But how would you like to follow UN and F.A.U. Baseball tomorrow night?
That would be pretty tough.
That would be almost as exciting as following.
Well wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
What?
650.
Look at the schedule for Wednesday.
Oh yeah you just saw the two minute talk shows.
650 to 7pm 10 minutes.
First page would Jesse Aggra the Marlins pre-game report.
And then you have to remember there's probably going to be a break in there.
That's 4 or 5 minutes.
And Friday April 4th the same thing.
650 to 7pm so Mad Dog gets chopped off two hours and 50 minutes.
He gets one segment chopped off.
So we can put that crap on here.
Well these people just what were they thinking about the Marlins pre-game before we don't have the games.
We don't want the games.
We don't want to lose a million dollars here in that Drek.
And we've got the Marlins, well it's something to sell.
Like you said there would be some spots in there.
You know, like they couldn't sell spots on manage for Christ's sakes.
Maybe he has somewhere else we once got a little bit.
First, pitch would Jesse Aggra the Mar...
Well Jesse you don't have no credentials.
How's he going to get in there?
Is he just going to do it from the studio?
Probably do it from here I guess.
Maybe you could like sit him outside on the corner or whether by truck's by the sub-center.
It's a little bit closer to the stadium.
True.
Look about a block.
We hear the sirens again?
No.
You can't hear that?
Oh, it just stops abruptly.
I don't know what that is.
And it's start up again.
A lot of sirens, man.
Lots of ambulances, a lot of dead people, lots of heart attacks.
Probably they heard me talking about that show.
A 10 minute show.
A 10 minute show baby.
And as far as I'm concerned, as far as David Samson and Jeffrey Alluri and that whole bunch of Michigan were there with the Marlon,
ten minutes too many.
Ten minutes more than they deserve.
And they hate Joe Bell like poisonous, what Joe was saying.
Did you hear that?
Joe who of course is a walking, talking life spot in my life.
I thought they used to do life spots on the light bulb back in the day when Mr. Ego was there and Norma can't and the Craig and all those guys.
I thought they did a lot of life spots.
Joe Ross has got more life spots and they're like names in the phone book.
Am I right?
Yep.
And most of them like singing, singing life spots.
Hey, Gordon Dolly, you're like that.
He is very animated.
Animated and then lately almost illiterate.
You know, it must be because of that dolphin season, put him over the edge.
And when he was talking Friday about, oh, come on out and see the scribbards, you know, that UM Crap.
When he said that, I just, it kind of like sent me out.
It's a good thing I was going away for the weekend.
I got my mind off of that.
You mean you didn't go to the scrimmage when you were nothing?
Because I keep thinking about the kind of people who go to watch the Crap.
It's not, it's not even a real game.
And it's like, like I said, like people who go to watch practice.
What kind of people go to watch athletes practice?
Yeah, you know, it's like guys that want to hang out in the locker room.
Oh, yeah, I saw, you know, someone so think of shower.
I saw Rusty Olaj take a shower.
I would go for that.
Rusty Olaj.
Whatever the hell is name is, I don't know, Rustus Slav.
I don't know what it is.
Olaj, a number 85.
I know it.
He's a number, baby.
I know a good number when I see one.
The biggest name.
So that's just talking about you.
I know, Roger.
Sport people.
I know, 62 AM.
I want to involve them.
The big fourth leader.
Fill out your brackets for Hootsie, Staria Online at wqam.com.
Pick it, you made round by round.
And bonus points are given for picking up.
Hootsie, Staria.
Long on in play.
A presentation of sports radio 5.60.
QAM.
It's not done till it's toasted.
The new KFC toasted wrap.
Oh no, no.
Everybody's going to get paid.
Make the recession go away.
That's why you're all going in.
Or rebates.
I hear you.
Oh no.
4.6.14.
A 1 at 5.60.
Over to QAM.
The last day of March.
Opening day for the Marlins.
We love the Marlins.
They really suck.
Oh boy.
Sports and software.
We've got 65 sports stations.
Like Ray Perry said, if we only had 400 sports stations,
we would bring a lot more people to the sports talk radio.
So I hear the whole bunch.
Maybe.
What?
So that's what I hear.
Yeah.
Maybe that many.
We just had a whole bunch more.
Now we've got a bunch more.
Now they're all going to get a point.
WFTL 640.
WFTL 850.
WFTL 14.
Oh.
Yeah, lots of holes.
You had them all together.
They still got it.
It's like I'm in the slots.
You know, five times blank blank.
Five times nothing.
Don't you eat that?
No, I don't play them anyway.
You don't play them.
I play slots sometimes.
Do you?
Yeah.
Where do you play?
Vegas at the Hard Rock.
You've been at the Hard Rock thing.
You've been at the Hard Rock a couple of times.
You've been at the Hard Rock a couple of times.
You don't want to hear about that.
I've been to the Hard Rock.
Oh my god.
What a grotesque job that is.
That's make me want to vomit.
You've been at the Hard Rock a couple of times.
And how'd you do?
First time there, I walked out with a couple hundred bucks in there.
Really?
Yeah, I went there and I was going to spend like 50 bucks.
And got down to like the last 10 balls and bam.
Hit a couple things, like couple seven, not sevens, but like you know, just under that.
So I was like, oh hey, I'm caching out.
And then I walked around and got some drinks and laughter.
And the next two times just kind of broke even in the maybe like you know 30 bucks under or whatever.
That's like winning a million.
Hey, for my pay check, yeah.
You bet.
God, having a great time and not losing your rash, that sounds like a deal to me.
I'll take her one thing I will say both at well,
I guess you wouldn't expect it as much, but even like in the Hard Rock.
I didn't see any Julios that I noticed.
That's Broward County.
So, are you trying to tell me that there aren't 80's in Julios in Broward County?
Are you nuts or what?
I mean, there are, but there are what?
There are some, but they're mostly dayd County.
Everybody was like speaking English, speaking English.
All of them are a few people like, I don't know what they were speaking.
Who was too used to that sawgrass mall, man?
Let me say it again.
There were people speaking English at the sawgrass.
There were people in that, what was it, a grandluck scape?
I have a hard time thinking of the name of that place.
That's a bad name.
I don't know why it is.
I have a block on it.
A mental block.
And that sawgrass, man, you think that they were given a $100 bills in that place.
There's always 80 trillion cars in that parking lot.
And I ask myself, what are these people doing here?
Where are they going?
What are they doing?
Are there like orgies and some of them behind some of those doors going on?
Well, what is it that's happening in there?
I would try to answer for you because you don't go there.
No, I don't.
And I bet you, what's his name?
Chris don't go there either.
No.
Now, about when we have Zach on with us tomorrow, he'll tell us the same thing.
He doesn't go there.
Where does he live?
I'm not even sure, actually.
Is that a tough question?
Where does Zach live?
I thought I'm not sure.
And what about Chris?
What about Josh?
I don't know.
Well, we'll find out tomorrow, I guess.
Soon and tomorrow, we'll find out where Zach lives.
Who gave you the address on the year?
I guess he lives with his girlfriend, or is he living with mommy and daddy?
I live with his fiance.
That's right, fiance?
Zach.
Yeah.
Zach has got a fiance.
That's it offered.
There's the sirens again, man.
Wow.
As soon as you said fiance, the sirens started, whooping like crazy.
They're coming to take you here.
Can you hear it?
Yeah.
Err.
Err.
Err.
What floor are you on?
What turns is it made?
What floor am I?
I'm just wondering how high up in the building you are that you're hearing them.
What floor am I on?
No, that's not it.
Falsal arm.
See, we made me screw that thing up.
I was trying to tell you what floor I was on.
Yeah, I ain't blinded.
That was it.
And what about it?
I was wondering what floor you were on if you were like higher up in the place that you're
hearing sirens downstairs.
I can see that right outside my window.
I'm sitting here.
I can look outside.
Every time there's an ambulance, a fire truck, I see him outside.
Oh, pick a picture.
They're all over the place.
Why do I want to take a picture?
Why haven't you seen a fire truck before an ambulance?
Are you a paramedic?
Not a Canadian one.
Oh, that's right, I forgot.
How's it going, eh?
Not a Canadian one.
767 on Chris's pool.
Let's see.
Who doesn't have any votes?
Mark Eisenberg's got the big...
Come on, somebody vote for poor Mark all the way.
He did not belong on the air.
He was from the dirty boys for people who don't remember.
Let me say it again.
He didn't belong on the air.
There are people like like Stugas.
There's another one.
That's why it's...
I don't know whether it's pathetic or it's amusing or both.
That he's part of that...
They're claimed to fame across the street.
Oh, it's the Danil Bastard show.
It's Stugas.
He doesn't belong on the air.
I told him that when he worked for us.
It's not because he's over there.
He don't belong on the air.
They're even saying hello and goodbye.
You know what I mean?
I got to know him.
Everybody in this market, man.
He's a black cast.
I'm a black cast.
And he's not even the next jock.
Like Red Deer Randy Moore with his peanut butter
and the top shelf.
Oh, Randy.
Rick Jenner, Rick Jr.
Let's get some hockey play by play on air.
What do you say?
I'll find some.
How's it going?
All right.
What's going on with you?
Yeah, I got a question about...
Say the pang was once night and...
Oh, yeah.
It's not even a hockey game.
It's a hockey talk show on the NHL network.
And he can't get much better than that.
How about some horse racing at the very least?
I bet you we can find some of that.
Oh, the six of one!
Six and one!
It's the meadows.
Roger Houston.
He's a crazy person.
Six and one!
And with somebody other than Dave Polone,
I didn't catch the occulters there.
I see who that was.
Well, somebody other than Dave Polone just wanted the meadows.
See, that's Clarence's idea.
We could fill that breach, you know,
because like I was saying on Friday,
we have nobody who knows anything about hockey.
I'm a station anymore in other guilty.
I'm sweeping off somewhere else.
And we got no horse racing now that Eddie can't handker gun.
We're pretty much limited to the heat
and the fins and what else.
That's it.
What do you talk about?
We got you for horse racing.
John Q.Sack was on HBO's real time with Bill Maher
and spoke about his upcoming film,
War Inc. which, according to Q.Sack,
focuses on the military and industrial complex.
The film says Q.Sack differs from other films inspired by the wars
in Iraq and Afghanistan because it has a much more absurdist take on war.
Q.Sack added some things that are so vicious.
If you didn't want to look at them through a different lens,
you couldn't get out of bed.
And certainly the more profiteering immorality and illegality of this,
the disastrous free market you'd totally need to enterprise out there
is certainly well documented.
While explaining that the film shares similar themes as those found in
I only claims book, The Shot Doctorin,
Q.Sack said the very core things that make up our government like wars
or interrogation or border patrol, jailing,
any of those types of things that you would think would be sacred things
that would happen with the state are now being turned into for-profit enterprises.
And if you want all these things to be, if you want corporate ethics to be
in our national interest, then you have a situation we're in now.
But right now when you think that we've outsourced everything to interrogation,
which means torturous a cost plus enterprise,
I think you can see a complete spiritual bankruptcy in this whole neocon movement.
It's a nightmare beyond anything you can really imagine.
More asked of these issues were just to resolve a neocon movement
and Bush administration evidence of a rot in America that itself is a lot deeper.
Q.Sack responded,
yeah, I do think the issue goes deeper, a lot deeper.
It's deep.
It's getting really deep.
Adding later some of these truths are so horribly,
you just don't want to think about that, but it's just, I mean, it gives up.
If guys who are statesmen on CNN are also sitting on the board in our shareholders
and some of the most profitable defense contractors in the world,
and they publicly make the case to go to war,
and then they go to war, create a new market with the war,
come back and speak evangelicaly about free markets that aren't free,
these are especially subtle fact in the stock prices jump,
I'm 145% and their companies are awarded $2.3 billion contracts.
After a while you have to expose and shame and indict,
and hopefully convict the participants in this illegally moral ideology, he says.
Which of course he is.
I have no life, I have no life.
No, not that.
Absolutely correct.
I have my finger in the wrong place, you know what I mean?
Let go.
So what did George say about the 360's that we're going to bring it back?
I didn't say anything about that.
He's listening right now, you know that.
What was that story he made up about how he just, I mean, you know, how do you do that?
How do you do what?
He doesn't listen to the station anyway.
So you know, Dan Wally was driving around with his windows down,
listening to what I was saying, like maybe about him, like maybe I was ripping him an ass.
Maybe he's getting ready to listen to the jackshow.
Well that's right, he's warming up for the jerk show to hear about the heat
and their 17 basket performance.
A Tisket at Taskit they couldn't score a basket.
I wonder about that kid at the Hard Rock.
I wonder if he ever saw a basket.
Back to what?
Grrakes.
772 votes on the floor.
Well we are doing, I don't know what we're doing.
See these Monday polls are rough because I should have probably put it on there like Saturday
but I wasn't going to do that because I was in Florida Saturday.
Thank God by the way the air candidate for operating out a terminal two at Floridadale
instead of that overcrowded terminal four no more.
Oh my God, it's still a mess because they just don't know how to do things.
They've got for like a whole bunch of gates.
They've got a big seating area which is a lot of seats, all in not enough.
But they're like servicing a whole bunch of different gates instead of each gate having
its own seats.
You know what I mean?
Like a normal airport?
Mm-hmm.
Why would they want to do that?
Because it's not a normal airport.
It's for a louder deal.
But at least it's not terminal four.
My God.
772, what former QM host would you like to have back in WQM?
And Mark Eisenberg still out of almost 800 votes he's gotten none.
They hate you Mark.
We're the biggest names of best out of two.
We're the oil largest.
We're from the 560 QM.
Gallon of gas.
Be thankful you're not the poor saffoon merely turned a scant $12 billion profit last quarter.
Mr. Price-Gouging Oil Company CEO.
A real American hero.
You're right scouging oil company CEO.
I hope your private jet crashes into your refinerate dirt bank.
You're fairy.
OK, it's 101 at 560 WQM.
It's our gigantic one at 2 hour baby.
People are making news in this hour.
You know what I mean?
Everybody's on the street chorus.
Oh, it's the one at 2 hour.
Aren't they?
No.
Don't they even have a look at sandwich board?
No.
Oh, United's got problems with the what?
Faulty wiring caused two planes runway accidents.
Oh, we got a lot of faulty wiring.
We got faulty towers.
Faulty wiring.
Faulty radio.
Faulty people on the air.
Like that Dave Ann boring.
Oh my God, I can't believe he's still there.
He probably works cheap, you know.
We love the panthers.
They release us.
Yeah, what's going on with that whole town?
But I'm coming back though.
I'm moving back.
Can I go and go and stream in the hard rock?
What?
Somebody reach?
Oh, yeah, I'm going to be sure.
I'm going to move in the condo.
Now I'm curious who the hell lives on the beach now.
Like I'm not talking about down on South Beach.
I'm talking about up by the fountain blue and up, you know, from like 45th on North.
Who lives in those places?
Like by the Eden Rock?
Yeah, I don't know.
I live in one of those places for a month.
When you come back, you can find out.
Yeah, that's right.
I'll take the tour.
If I may be somebody, you'll move me in there.
I'll put the studio in my condo on the beach.
Would that be great overlooking the ocean?
I'm old enough now to live there.
I wasn't old enough back then.
Or just move into a suite at the hard rock.
You can go down there.
That sounds like a plan to me.
That sounds like a real good plan to me based on what I saw there.
Wow.
I got to tell you those rooms are so ridiculously expensive though.
Well, I'm not going to pay for it.
That'll be part of my new deal, you know.
No money, but at least a place to stay.
You really believe that I would come back down there?
No.
I would have to have a lobotomy to do that.
I have to be out of my mind.
And let me say it again.
In fact, the weather was great.
It was perfect.
It was like 80 every day.
There was no rain.
Yes, it was.
The weather has been good lately.
Birds were chirping.
It was wonderful.
But then there is the people.
And also all the construction they got out there on sunrise.
Thank you so much, DOT, for wherever else is the handling of that construction.
It's like my Walgreens.
They're on the corner of Navajo and sunrise.
It's a nice place to shop.
You just can't get there.
I go to pick up some of my prescriptions to get some like drugs.
And it's like, oh, you got to go around here and up to the end of the road and turn back into it.
You can't get there.
In fact, it's probably ought to be a big billboard there saying, hey, this is Walgreens.
If you try to get here, you can't get here from there.
Wherever you are.
If you can see this billboard, you can't get here from there.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
It sucks.
It's ridiculous.
They got everything torn up everywhere you go.
Kind of like here.
Although the excuse here is because of the brutal winter and all the potholes and everything.
There they got a lot of pot here.
They got a lot of potholes.
They have a lot of pot too, but nobody makes a big deal out of it because they're not like overgrown in juvenile.
780 on your full of Chris.
What do you think?
800?
Yeah, things like that.
900 is now 2.2.
So what are you doing there?
No, we're not doing a 900.
Where do you come up with 900?
Well, I mean, we had a chance to be here to show, but...
But then I did this show as well.
You're trying to say...
No, no, we had Josh on me.
No, I thought this was marginally interesting today about all the stuff that I've seen down there this weekend.
Since I'm so out of touch all the time.
It's been a great year reporting about how the Rascal House closed yesterday.
That's why people are all depressed.
All the old Yenthas, man, all depressed.
Oh, it's bigger than Yenthas.
There's this woman at Woodbine, old, old lady.
She doesn't play.
She just watches everybody's machine and reports and she stands there right under your chair over your shoulder.
And she's watching.
She's telling me how much went into this machine and how much this one paid 1,000 three times.
And she just stands there over your shoulder.
She's like the neighborhood watch.
She's the Slots Yentha.
The Yentha.
Hey, did you talk to your neighbor when you were down here?
No, he did not.
I thought you were going to talk to her about them all the time.
I did not see her.
I didn't see her.
I don't want to see her.
I don't want to know from her.
I don't want to hear anymore about her religious fanaticism or trying to convert to people in my house.
All one of them.
I don't want to hear about it.
I don't want to know from her.
She makes me gag.
Oh, I'm so excited.
I'm 39.
I can't sleep because I know I'm going to church Sunday morning.
She's restless and has insomnia because she's so excited about the prospect of going to church Sunday morning.
Which is code for...
I have no life.
My God.
I'm going to a red lobster for lunch.
You want to say it about that?
Watch the butter.
No, I like the clam chowda.
That chowda was real good at the Grand Lux Cafe too.
It was very good.
And the diet coke was excellent.
The water I don't know.
I don't drink tap water.
But everything else?
Oh.
And remember, we took that pool of one day about the best desserts and she's taking factory one day.
Now, the desserts looked awesome at the grand luxe, but we didn't have any.
It's one thing when you don't have an appetite because you ate too much.
It's another thing when you don't have an appetite because you've lost your taste for food.
Because it was so weak.
Left like it.
Now, but that Myron's Deli-Man at Pompe and Apark, that place is great.
Not good.
It's great.
And what's the new thing with soup?
I know that in some kind of European restaurants, it was always very big.
But when you order a bowl of soup, now they bring you the big empty bowl.
And they have...
They put cream in a little... what do you call that?
Coffee cream, like in the picture type thing?
Yeah, a little small, little picture.
And your soup is in the picture and then they put it in the bowl.
That's the new thing.
Very artsy, artsy.
Oh, okay.
They did that at Myron's Deli and they did that also with the grand luxe cafe.
What's the deal with that?
I don't know.
I don't normally order a soup when I go out.
Well, why not?
You know the soup guy?
My god, what kind of a guy isn't a soup guy, huh?
Well, if I go to the field, I get the potato soup there.
But the other way...
Well, you don't want to tell me about the rascal house and how depressed and morbid you are
about now and it's good clothes already.
Oh, yeah, I was so depressed.
You've never been there.
Exactly.
Josh has been there, but he's not the kind of guy that orders soup.
I like soup.
What are you trying right now about?
You're a soup in a restaurant?
Yeah.
But that adds like a couple of bucks to the tab.
Can you handle it?
Hey, man, I'm making big bucks now.
Especially every three months.
787 votes on the pool.
I think we can go for 850.
That would be an amazing accomplishment today because it's a 31st and March.
Whatever that means.
It means they were grateful for this.
There's Hank on CNN.
That his family finally notified.
A little dressed up like Barbara Star.
You're not fooling us, Humper.
Now, she's not pretty enough to be the Humper.
For he was just gigantic at the Florida Derby.
I wonder who he picked.
Did he pick that?
What was the name of the horse that won?
Big brown.
Two left feet.
I don't know.
Brown something.
Fudge brown.
I wonder if Fudge Brown is still with the doffin.
It's like a Harvey Green, but they have Fudge Brown.
I think she got fired when a Savonator came in.
She got canned?
I believe so.
No more Fudge Brown.
Muslim is more numerous than Catholics.
Oi!
It's not surprising to me now, because in this building,
there are enough of a future terrorist of the universe
and it's building to wipe the whole universe out.
What is it with you Muslim people?
Man, you reproduce like rabbits.
Islam is surpassed Roman Catholicism as the world's largest religion.
According to the Vatican newspaper, it counts yesterday.
The Vatican newspaper, they're probably not too happy about it.
I think they're sending a subliminal message.
So you Catholics out there, especially Latin American companies.
We produce like rabbits like bunny rabbits,
but starts screwing your brains out.
For the first time in history, we are no longer at the top,
said the Vatican.
Muslims have overtaken us.
Monsignor Vittorio Fomenti sent in to be with the Catholic newspaper,
Luzo Vittorio Romano.
Luzo Vittorio Romano, Fomenti compiles the Vatican yearbook.
I don't know the Vatican, how do you read your book?
Well, must be a big yearbook if they have the pictures
of all the Catholics in there, wouldn't it have to be?
How do you read it?
He said that Catholics accounted for 17.4% of the world population.
They stable percentage while Muslims now were 19.2%.
Wow.
It is true that while Muslim families, as is well known,
continue to make a lot of children, Christian ones on the contrary,
tend to have fewer and fewer of the Monsignor said.
See, there's the message.
The Muslims are reproducing like rabbits.
It's like a numbers game for that kind of calls in
and complains about the numbers all the time.
I'm mailing in the numbers for that guy.
It's a numbers game.
Make more babies, even if he can't feed him, especially if you slip
up or is all over Latin America, man.
So they can come pouring across that Mexican border
and take everybody else's job, and Lou Dobbs can continue
screaming and yelling like a wild woman.
From that he said the data referred to 2006,
the figures on Muslims were put together by Muslim countries,
and then provided to the UN, he said that any Vatican could only
vouch for its own data.
When considering all Christians and not just Catholics,
Christians make up 33% of the world population from that he said,
spokesman for the Vatican and he went in immediately
to return phone calls so you can comment for the A&P.
Well, how do you like that?
Can you imagine how many future terrorists are out there?
I know that's an ugly stereotype.
This suggests that Muslims are future terrorists,
but there's about to be a few of them in there.
And thank God that the Catholics never killed anybody like
there was no inquisition and there was no crusades and stuff like that.
It's just anti-Catholic propaganda, that's all.
That's right, William Donahue will tell you.
It's just part of the anti-Catholic propaganda
that spread by those Jews like Al Goldstein,
and I wonder they got to him.
And before Al Goldstein?
I'm a fat Jew.
They screwed him up big time.
And you know what he did that caused him?
I just a porno.
I hate the Irish.
Yeah, once you pick on the Irishman, then you're really in trouble.
That's why I didn't know he's going to act in.
Everybody gets after your ass when you do that.
791 votes were on a cusp of 800,
which to get to A50 first you got to get to A8794.
You see that?
You're grabbing votes by the bunches there, man.
We're getting there.
And Mark Eisenberg still has got none.
Zero.
That one.
Not two.
Not two.
Oh, I just saw you.
You are sixty QAM.
Big sports leader.
Fill out your brackets for who?
Cisteria Online at WQAM.com.
Fixed to be made round by round,
and bonus points are given for picking up.
Fixed his Cisteria.
The pack.
Log on and play.
A presentation of sports radio 560.
That's a lot of show.
Maybe a lot more action.
Do do do do do do.
One nineteen at five sixty WQA.
I mean, we miss him badly.
No way.
Sure.
Not because he had an audience out there,
but because he was just like a human punching bag.
Am I right?
Definitely.
He served a function.
He served a purpose.
As opposed to some people,
like coming up between two and four,
we got the jerk show.
What purpose does he serve?
Got some bad news.
This could be the worst news ever.
Almost as bad as the end of the world.
Uh oh.
Kathy Lee Gifford will soon be back on TV's early shift.
Oh my God.
The former co-star of the syndicated live talk show
will join NBC's today next Monday.
She'll be teamed with Hoda.
I'm sorry.
Hoda Cockbeat.
A current anchor of the program,
7 month old, 4th hour,
which airs live at 10 a.m. Eastern time.
The announcement was made during today's broadcast
with Gifford seated alongside the program's
established stars, including Mad Lauer,
and Meredith Vera co-hosted the first two hours.
Now, you know, that's a good idea.
They've got different hosts in different hours.
How about if I do the first hour every day,
and then George can do the second hour,
and then Chris can play like comedy bits of third hour?
Then you'll come back for the fourth one?
No.
I'll be your would-buy.
Gifford 54 will look to read this film
in live in 2000.
It's a timing of a TV veteran.
It couldn't be worse in certain ways.
I'm eight years older, 10 pounds heavier.
Half inch shorter and just in time for HD TV, she said.
Remainting in the same sense of humor that she never had.
Bitch.
Well, I'm married to former NFL star
and talentless sports announcer Frank Gifford.
She joke, it's got to be good working.
I'm ready to try to stay in home and watch
you Frank's old highlight films.
And Craig will continue.
Oh, I'm getting choked up about this.
Do you watch that?
Every watch that's a donation?
Never.
I sure don't.
You'll have to time me up in the corner
and make sure I was far away from the remote.
To watch that crap.
Any of those never-work morning shows.
And Craig will continue to roll his news anchor
the 7-9 AM hours of today,
as well as co-hosts without a broker of the 9-AM hour.
Natalie Morales will join Korean Rokers
the third co-host at 9-AM,
and will serve as the show's national correspondent
that I work said.
Rick Sanchez was on scene in last night.
If I sound like I'm a little bit off my feet.
Who was doing the story about that shooting there
like in the wherever the hell I was in Miami?
At the convenience store?
You see that story?
No.
No.
Well, he acted like it was the biggest story in history
and I had a scour this morning on the Harold and the Sun
Semmel to find anything about it.
About that black guy that went into convenience store
and he grabbed a hold of the store manager
and he brought him out and stuck a gun to his ass
and all that stuff.
And he put him in the car and a cops roller
which the sky didn't realize it.
And then he put the guy in a guy and started fighting back.
He didn't have any gun,
but he started punching this big dude.
Hang on a second.
What is that?
What is what?
Hang on a minute.
Oh.
Oh, he's gone off of Mike Rengel.
We got problems.
One of those sirens and one of those ambulance
may be heading to the other.
He came away.
Jesus.
If they take away, I hope he brings like,
you know, the wireless Mike with them or something.
I hope he didn't have another accident again.
He would have ran faster.
That's what he did.
He ran away.
Like you could kind of tell he wasn't like, you know, a full sprint.
Really?
Yeah.
I don't know.
They said it didn't seem like he was there.
I don't hear anything here.
Like he's dead.
Oh, and it just sounded like there was somebody trying to
get into the door there and then just, you know,
somebody who's trying to break in.
There's a guy who goes around every Monday
and his job, hey, that's not his only job.
He's one of the main ins guys.
But he cleans the door knobs.
You know what I mean?
What a gig.
Yeah.
What did you call him?
But anyway, that's his job.
He cleans the door knobs and he does it so forcefully
that it sounds like somebody is trying to break in you damn place.
And I get really, I get a little bit nervous about it.
So what did you do?
Like you go grab a taser or something?
No, I run out in the hallway and then run for the elevator.
I got my shorts on.
I'm kind of no shirt on.
But then who the hell cares?
You know, it's not a pretty sight.
But I'd rather be alive with no shirt on and dead with a shirt on.
You know what I mean?
Oh yeah.
Who's going to go breaking in here?
What would be the point?
What are they going to find out?
Would buy them money?
Yep.
It was really interesting getting all that American cash.
They do have ATMs by the way, if the slots place is in spite of the fact
that you're out going a fat ass governor didn't want them to have ATMs.
Oh, people are going to lose their money either.
Yeah, right.
Instead of that really good bet that lotto baby,
there's the bet for you.
I would take the lunch money and turn it into millions with that lotto.
No, not.
The worst bet in history is a lot of me.
I stopped playing it here most of the time.
I used to waste a lot of money.
Remember that time I had the five numbers and missed the six of them by one digit?
Yep.
It was 14 and I had 13.
Talk about unlucky 13 and I had the other five digits right.
1600 bucks is all I got.
You notice how they load up the lotto on top?
Everything is on top.
If you get five numbers, five out of six,
you should get at least quarter of a million, wouldn't you think?
Well, 50,000 something substantial.
Yeah, that was a nice.
But you don't.
It's all on top.
806, I don't know if Chris is going to make his 850.
I have my doubts.
We're going to do it.
You watch 807.
See they're coming, they're trickling in by the ones.
They're going to come through for Josh.
For Josh?
Mark Eisenberg got a vote.
Let's hear it from Mark.
Somebody even Joe Castello probably called him up and said,
oh, I already voted for myself.
So I came out again.
So go vote for yourself.
Does anybody ever hear from him?
Mark Eisenberg is he alive?
Anybody know what he's doing?
I don't know what he's doing.
I've been here a couple of years now.
He's certainly not in this business.
I mean, he never was.
I mean, it doesn't belong in it.
He looked at the dollars of 93 points.
Let's hear it.
The nice that he's up 24.
And the S&P is up, Neil.
It's up. It doesn't point.
Now, what I like to do, I got that creamer thing I haven't played yet.
Or Jim Creamer is fine.
Never been friends with Governor Spitzer and his wife.
Because he was a good friend of the police.
Prision Jim Creamer from the game of course.
Bro, what went through your mind?
Well, first, it's not tough for me.
I was on air and I was denying it because it was inconsievable.
He's in tears.
What a jackass.
Let's just tell you all about that stock market, Krab.
But he put a clown on the air to scream and yell and carry on and jump up and down and make a big
comedy.
And it's nothing funny about my money.
I don't know about you guys.
There's something, well, there's something funny about Chris' money.
What money?
That's what I mean.
If you saw his paycheck, you'd then you'd laugh.
Okay, let me see what this currency exchange is.
I know the loony is under a dollar and I hope it still is.
Man, that's good news for me.
The less the better, especially starting pretty soon.
If Norma ever gets that deal done, that normal man.
It just, nothing ever happens with that one.
It's always, oh, I gotta go to the office.
I left my papers on the dumpster somewhere and I like that.
He just doesn't get nothing done.
I was gonna say, toxic of a game.
He doesn't even do that.
Oh, the dials up 89 and that's a really heavy duty.
So if you've got all your money, the loony is down to 97 on the 30-year-old.
It was 158.
Wow.
Here's a bulletin from inside radio.
Just came, look at that.
And I have no idea what it says.
Interrep restructures, erases, then goes private.
Do you have any idea what that is?
Interrep?
No.
I don't either.
And I couldn't care less.
Get off of my blackberry.
Are you idiots inside radio?
Here's a bulletin.
Oh my god.
Interrep.
Interrep my ass.
So anyway, the loony is 97 on something that's good.
But the euro is almost a book 60.
You can't afford to go to Europe unless you've got some serious books.
So keep that in mind, Josh, when you plan your trip.
What biggest name?
The best talent.
You know what?
You know what?
The best.
4.560 QAM.
The best.
4th.
Leader.
Fill out your brackets for who?
Ciceria online at wqam.com.
Pics if you made round by round and bonus points are given for picking up.
Who's Ciceria?
The best.
Log on and play.
A presentation of 4.305.
Ciceria.
It's not done till it's toasted.
The new KS.
Friends suck God is candy so tasty.
Made of butter.
Scott.
And then he spread butter.
And then he spread butter.
And then he spread butter.
And then he spread butter.
And then he spread butter.
And then he spread butter.
And then he spread butter.
And then he spread butter.
And then he spread butter.
And then he spread butter.
And then he spread butter.
And then he spread butter.
And then he spread butter.
What?
Think positive.
I think it's going to be great.
I think we're going to have like a 40 share, man.
I think we're going to be food coming in from the cheesecake factory in the Grand Luxe Cafe
and rascals.
The rascal house, all the stuff they had to throw out.
What can you imagine when they closed the door of the rascal house for the last time?
You can hear it all over town.
It's collective.
Oy!
Yeah, like that.
And that was even from the old Jews who are dead.
You notice how the town has changed so to remember what you wouldn't because you're not old enough?
But I mean so dramatically.
Like when I first came to town in 76, the beach was almost all old Jews.
Almost all of it.
How many Jews are on the beach now?
About 30, man!
Maybe.
They're all in Boka, right?
They're all either dead or in Boka or in sunrise.
Or in sunrise lakes.
860 on the pool.
I don't think you're going to make no 850, Mr. Hotshot.
I don't know why.
I don't know what happened here.
We'll just blame it on our Joshua.
Don't blame it on him.
What the hell did he do today?
He did a fine performance today.
He was okay.
Didn't even have any shots from Brandon except before the show.
And all these guys that are busy working.
I don't know what that's all about.
Maybe that's why the number is down.
Or maybe they're busy listening to those 45 new sports stations.
With all those snappy sports shows they got on talking about.
F**k crap like that.
I'm surprised about Brandon.
He must have something going on in his life today.
No, he's working.
He was busy working last week.
He's a manager where he works.
Oh, he's big time.
He's a big shot.
So, you know, when there is actually some work to do, he gets busy.
You don't have time to play with you.
Maybe Friday.
He'll have time to play with you.
I can't wait.
Speaking of sports, by the way, Dolphin's owner Wayne Heising is decision to sell.
50% of the team in real estate, local Steven Ross, has been approved.
Oh!
Justin.
Now, did anybody from the clearance coming in there with this button?
We're supposed to be in the Dolphin station.
No, not yet.
I don't understand what's with these people.
Something big in sports happens that I have to fight it myself.
Like when what's his name left, Tom?
What was it, Sabin?
But he went to Alabama with a banjo on his thing?
Yeah.
I had to find it on the website somewhere.
On the Sunsendle.
And that's because they're here with their busy doing their two busy sitting in there
playing with each other's earlobes.
Well, clearance probably thinks you wouldn't read it.
Why not?
I don't know if he's better than that.
He knows better than that, man.
We're on top of everything.
NFL Commissioner Roger Gidele will announce the league's approval of the
later today at the breakers hotel in Palm Beach.
Oh, press conference starting now.
Where this year's annual owners meetings are currently taking place.
The NFL 32 teams needed to first discuss the transfer before it could become
official but Ross is wealth.
And solid background, we're expected to make it an easy process.
The vote was unanimous.
Hizing is a decision was first announced in late February.
Hizing will remain the team's general partner for now until he eventually sells the
remaining 50% of the team to Ross.
A timetable for that total transfer of power hasn't yet been set.
How do you like that?
So he's going to sell 100% to Steven Ross.
I thought he was going to sell to Spencer Ross or Walter Ross or Red Ross or
Brad Kramer.
Let's do some harness racing.
What do you say?
Yes, sir.
Why not?
Harness racing trivia.
Come on.
Ro will do so.
That's what I'm always saying when I get on the highway here.
You call that a driver?
About the way they drive here.
So bad.
I will say this though.
Because I had forgotten, you know, you'd be extended by driving this weekend down there was
driving from my house to the Walgreens which you can't get there from here on Nabil and
Sunrise.
That's it, man.
That was it.
Why didn't have that drive?
Our friends had drove me around.
You know, like I was chauffeur.
Like I was in the limo almost.
So you could have drove the vet.
I didn't.
I was driven in it.
I did drive the vet, the blue one.
The old one.
I don't know if you're going to be talking to me.
I was probably going to have a new color.
You know that atomic orange?
Yeah, I like it a lot.
I've been around for a few years.
But only this year I think is the first year that the vets were available in it.
And I looked at it online and I thought, oh my god, that's an unbelievable automobile.
You should get another one.
Yeah.
I should have one in every garage everywhere.
There you go.
817, man.
You are going to come close to 0850.
You got 821.
Well, I don't know.
You got 22 minutes for 29 votes.
We can do it.
No, I don't think so.
Not today.
Hey, think positive.
They're off their feet today.
It's the last day of March, man.
El Fantino, Neola de Marso.
I don't know what the deal is.
They don't like us today.
Maybe it's Corridor.
Is that what it is?
Let's find George.
What spring break I have to do with it?
The spring breakers don't listen to you.
Are you kidding me?
What are you talking about?
You got tons of spring breakers.
Get out of here.
Are you a crazy person?
What?
You're living in the past.
You're talking about back when we actually had the show.
You're talking about BJ.
Before Joyce.
Is that what BJ stands for?
What did you say?
Before Joyce.
Before Joe.
Before Josh Darrow.
Clarence.
Back in the day, you're talking about back when we actually had the show.
821.
And you know how I knew I was leaving for Lauderdale Airport yesterday when I came back up here?
Because you saw you were leaving for Lauderdale?
No.
Because in the area in the, what's your call there in the airport?
It was the wheelchair brigade.
Oh yeah.
It's, look, it's way better than Miami, okay?
Yes.
Why do you say that?
Because it's way better than Miami Airport.
It is.
And the airport is a disaster.
Yep.
It shouldn't even be open.
Based on what?
Based on, I tell you what, everywhere.
Yeah, based on this.
Like you can, you can show up, wait, you know, get in line, get checked in and fly out before you even park at Miami Airport.
From Port Lauderdale.
Well who parks?
What if you get dropped off?
Okay.
Fine.
I'm just telling you, it's a nightmare.
I don't go there anymore.
And you want to know why?
Because the last couple of times I went there, if you're coming up here, if you're going to any other country, they put you through an exhaustive thing.
They practically, they practically poke their nose in your...
They're like, they mean yeah, they got a long, cheery stick it inside of you, man.
See if you're hiding any like bombs and dangerous crap and stuff.
Go back to the International Navy.
Bye-bye.
It's your new project, 48-5-60-QAM.
The Force Leader.
Jerry Schrader had a problem.
One day he came home to find his air conditioning unit, not cooling.
That's when he made the call.
He called Ed Helms, air conditioning, and electric at 800.
And the kind you love to buy is true.
They make a bucket of day with caffeine.
Kind of like Chriska related that.
146, 14.0, 2.5, 60-WQM.
Yeah, you might maybe be working for Kathy, we can just don't realize.
Yeah, you know, maybe I'll talk about check a little bit next time.
So speaking of Brandon, he says I've been buried in 550-page file, but I'm in shock.
The Josh for the most part is behaving so today.
That's why I've been so quiet, but I got my ear on.
He's got his ear on you.
I don't want to tell you what part he's got his ear on, but you know, scared of my life.
If you're squirming around a little bit in the chair, it's because Brandon's got his ear on his head.
Oh, boy.
How about you, Frank?
Huh?
I am.
Okay, let's take a look now at that poll and see if we're going to make the 850.
I don't think so.
I think you're screwed.
We need 17 and about 1230.
We have one 833.
Oh, that ain't no problem.
17 and 13.
Yeah, he's got that down.
Well, ordinarily, that would be the case, but I think there's something going on today.
I don't know what it is.
In fact, I think the last few.
We'll find out Friday morning when that trend comes in.
If we're still alive, you know what I mean?
You know what I mean by that?
What do you mean?
Are we still alive?
It's going to be great, man.
Well, what's going to be great to trend?
That's right.
Well, we're counting on you.
And if it's not, we're going to blame your aunt.
I tell you what, if it's not great, then I'll leave.
I'll go for a lot of her.
If I use jewelry.
If you have gold rings, gold earrings, I'll give you cash.
Oh, my gosh.
He's funny.
Very few guys that do their own spots are really entertaining or funny.
Like, who is the guy who doesn't enjoy cars?
You know, what I wasn't his own spot, but those old Joey car spot.
Dining and dancing.
Oh, my God.
I wonder if he's dead or not.
Joey car.
That's certainly way before you guys time.
Yeah, I think so because I never heard of him.
He used to do these awful.
He had his own ad agency and his brother.
His brother's name was Steve Schwartz or something like that.
And his name was Joey Car, but that was his brother.
So you're wondering, well, who changed their name?
You know what I mean?
New President of Ralecash, George government has lifted a ban on Cuban staying at hotels.
Previously we served for foreigners.
If there's one thing I can't stand, it's people in this business who changed their name.
You know what I mean?
They don't like that.
The move ends in other restriction that was especially urgent.
It works in ordinary citizens.
Employees at the Ambois Mundo's, Nasunal, Valencia and Maria Isabel hotels in Ivana.
Isabel de Casada, I'm sure, is what they named that after.
Say the Ministry of Tourism officials told them Cubans would be allowed to stay in hotels
being in the midnight tonight.
I'll ride.
Like other guests, they'll be charging hard currency worth.
Oh, my God.
I'm gagging on.
Like other guests, they'll be charging hard currency worth 24 times the Cuban pesos are
in by state employees.
On Friday, Cuba allowed citizens to have mobile phones.
Which only foreigners and Cuban officials were previously allowed to have.
They're loosening up in Cuba, baby.
I'm going back.
You okay with that?
No, I'm not.
I've got like a little...
You know, like when a kick, it's a fur balls throat.
Like that.
Sure, yeah.
Actually, I inhaled and it was like something in the air.
You know, like ThunderClad, New England would say it was something in the air like an invisible particle.
And like...
Mmm, like that.
But I'll be fine.
We only got like four minutes and I can make it to the last break.
And then we got jerks into a clockman.
How about those heat, baby?
They are doing it.
They're saying new lows in the anils of NBA history.
What an embarrassment.
Dog tracks made face tougher scrutiny.
This is in a hero by Amy Driscoll.
On his first visit to the Greyhound Kennelly Investigator reported,
Now, Rage's stench of urine so strong it said a track judge reeling from the building.
A second inspection about two weeks later found no improvement in the noxious stink.
Kind of like after most of the dolphin games, like Mandage was screaming about the noxious stench.
The filth ticks an odor with the Orlando area Kennelly mounted to animal abuse.
Stain investigator Stephen Toner concluded he told a cali worker he would take serious access to place wasn't cleaned up.
But he was bluffing.
Hopefully the record tastes of other states laws will make her believe that we can actually do something Toner wrote.
And in July, report to the division of permutual weight-during telehassy.
Because we have no rules or statutes covering this kind of animal treatment.
There's no violation and we must rely on track personnel to make it right.
Ah, God.
A proposed lobby for legislature with toughen regulation of Florida's 16 dog tracks.
Nearly one half of the nation's 39 tracks including one each in Broward and Dave counties.
The industries had problems from dog doping with cocaine to force them to run faster.
To the 2002 discovery that a former Pensacola racetrack worker had been paid $10 to shoot up to 3,000 aging greyhounds on his Alabama farm.
But the state's dog racing rules don't give regulators a basic investigative tool.
The ability to conduct unannounced inspections of all kennel areas where tracks keep the greyhounds.
Tournamentally invested gave us most access for permission before inspecting track kennels.
Both on the track property and off were hundreds of racing greyhounds maybe housed.
And if they find something wrong, the state sometimes must wait for action by local prosecutors before chemical occurances spend licenses or imposed fines.
And it goes on and on but it's a bit of a move but the deal is that they already passed the thing in Dave County on the slots.
And the dog track rules they open flagger.
See what they needed was clean up all of these abuses and stop trying to punish other people.
That's all the peed of people. That's what their crap is. You know that.
Oh, it's inhumane and they do all these. Well then clean that up.
Because I'm sure that once flagger gets the slots and what's everybody called her.
And highly would have if for John Brunetti wouldn't have flushed it down the toilet.
Once they get there's then your hall wheels are all going to start coming up and plunge in their guts out. Am I right? Yes.
They didn't get over to Hollywood to Marty Groud. The Hollywood Hollywood Greyhound track.
You know anybody who's been there? No. Why not?
Because it's because it's right up the road from Gulfstream.
Okay. And Gulfstream is great and really neat and got a lot of great stuff or the hard rock. Yeah.
Or the hard rock. That's right. It's right on the old 441 right off the Hershey highway there.
845. I think you're going to make your rate 50, Mr. Hot shot. How do you like that? Told you.
That's because Josh Cordis put it as a little elbow grease on it.
And Brandon's getting pretty upset to think about Josh putting some elbow grease on it.
845 man. We need five votes in eight minutes. We can do that blindfolded.
We can do that with our hands tied behind our back, which we already have.
Thanks a lot by the way, Joyce. So we'll see you Friday, Josh.
Alright, bring us some big numbers.
What's your biggest name?
Or Best Talent. Here's your logist. 4.560 QAM.
