We'll portion this program with a group of people who've been working on this program.
Heels coming up next.
Best written permission of WQAN, Beats with our cast group, Inc.
Wow.
Yeah.
How happened?
They're in acting, but you can't come in.
That was my fault for a second.
Or you sound like you're talking through a streamer.
I am.
I could take this condom off of the microphone.
Oh my god.
Then we sound like he's talking to a tin pan.
Friday, you bastard.
It's late at night.
You're all fast asleep and a shadowy figure is about to break into your home.
But you're protecting him.
Yeah, it's the James Brown home security alarm.
The home is working alarm in the safety business.
Yeah.
Designed by the godfather of home protection himself.
The game's Brown alarm protects you from burglar,
BANDO!
BEEP!
BEEP!
And if you act now, we'll include in no extra cause, the fact that James Brown huttpants
far along!
So, put the stone patrol on your geo!
With a James Brown home security system!
You'll say I'm here!
I feel good because I'm sitting inside looking at all the snow outside.
We're going to have allegedly a foot of snow.
I don't think so though.
Wow, it's hot down here.
A couple inches of snow already this morning and it's blowing around and not too much traffic
only crazy people would go out today.
So I guess three out of five days going to school the first week, you're not too bad,
it's 60%.
I won't fault him for this one.
Oh, no, let me tell you right now.
Nobody in their right mind would get up and get dressed and go out first of all, there's
nobody to take him anyway because most of the cabbies including mine aren't working
today.
It's not a good day.
Plus later on we're going to have ice and freezing pellets on all of that stuff.
Not going to be good.
Maybe I'll put on one of those things, those cleats for my feet.
Yes, you said steel belts and radials so you don't fall and break your tailbone.
You sound like you're...
I don't know, we've done these things many times before and the person always sounds
like they're sitting right in the studio but you sound today.
We have a different setup over here.
We just...
Not a good one.
Don't have good headsets this time around.
I don't know if we had the good headsets last time around but this is what we got.
You know, last time you sounded fine.
Today you sound like...
Well, we can keep rotating cans around until we find a better place.
Oh, it sounds like you're talking through a tin can.
Then he crurs...
I do.
Yeah, it sounds a little low.
It sounds back at me.
No, not a little low.
It's tinny.
Tinny, forget about low tinny and low.
Wow.
What do you want?
Well, that's okay.
So the big news is that about two pieces of big news this morning I'm sitting here in
Jolly Fat Astro Bell came in and kissed my ass for a couple of minutes.
Thanks for filling in these last few days and bup-bap-bap-bap.
And you're up a little bit now.
What do you make of that, Chris?
I already asked George and George is such a cynic anyway.
I think it's going to drop a contract on you next week.
Here's Chris to finish the show.
The material like that boy.
He's going to drop a bomb on me.
I think that's what he liked to do.
And then of course last night was the big QAM cluster crap party for our power 96 and
kiss and QAM celebrating the ratings.
And I guess my name was men now Chris was there spying for us.
Yes.
And who showed up there?
Was Joe there?
Joe Bell, Clarence was there.
I mean Joe Rose.
Oh no Joe Rose was there.
He sent his two producers in.
So and what about Jacks?
He was there.
He was hanging out with us.
Tweet was there.
Oh yeah.
You tell me he's learning how to run a board?
Yes, he's actually getting better.
He sucks.
And who else?
Anybody I never heard of?
What about the new guy?
Damon I'm in Deloitte.
Damon was there.
Came out for a while before a show.
Had a good time.
That a boy Damon get all the free goodies you can out of these vassures because believe me.
You'll need it.
You'll want it.
You'll need it.
You'll relish the memory of the relish.
I think every salesperson was there's ever born.
Uh huh.
They all left when the North Carolina games basketball game started.
Oh that memo I found the other day that was really relevant to it.
That thing about the sales people.
This one's from Raleigh and this way the whole state of North Carolina came down with
Jolly Joe for the Raleigh Jolly Joe.
With something.
Yeah, how guys they like to surround themselves with all their buds.
You know how that goes?
Yep.
And that's exactly it took him a little while, but he's pretty much getting them all
down here down there.
Yeah, it's snowing and blowing and not a pleasant day murky nasty looking and then it looks.
It says the forecast is Wednesday, rain and 11, which is 52 degrees.
Now does that make any sense to you?
No, but that's seven on Tuesday.
And Wednesday 11, 52.
I'm going to go outside naked on Wednesday.
It's beautiful down here.
It's a beautiful clear.
I'm happy for him.
Yeah, you're enjoying it.
It's your Toronto.
Oh, yeah.
Who'd want to be here?
I won 200 bucks it would by last night.
Yeah, won't change my life.
But you know something I look at it this way.
Winning running out of there with some of their cash is a lot better than losing.
I'm looking right at these windows over there.
So I heard you sitting there at Gulfstream where they had the big Don Handy cap tomorrow
by the way.
And where are you?
What floor are you?
So in the finish line casino when you walk in the main entrance just just bear
gradually left and it'll be there on the right side.
It's right in front of the track.
They have everything in here.
They have slots.
They have TVs everywhere.
Are we doing this last?
Oh, bar.
Not yet down here.
They're upstairs in the main casino.
I guess they're playing the slots for the North.
We all owe.
Oh, they got the focus.
They got the full kitchen over here.
A bar right next to us.
So we're going to get all licked up and suck down some free food.
Goose and gamble.
We.
Yeah, plunge your gut side.
I already got the entries here for the first two weeks.
Yeah, the wife asked me so you're going to become a degenerate gambler and I said yes, yes I am.
Tell her I'm in your business.
It's my money.
Yeah, it's your money.
And you have something that's exactly what I tell people when they give me a call about
Oh, you're losing your ass.
We'll find it.
It's my money.
That's right.
Tell them it anyway.
Really?
I didn't know you were married.
Close.
Close to it.
But you know very much like a marriage.
You know a lot of grief and no sex.
Right.
Yeah, exactly.
I like you can finally relate.
Right.
Let's see.
First race at 115.
And we got the seven three year old Phillies.
I think these are some of the same horses.
Some of these look familiar.
And it's the last time you were there.
I got a way better view of the TV set up over here.
So when they start all the simile casting and everything, I can.
Casio Lopez.
No way.
Casio.
Pastancio Lopez.
Renee Douglas is a great writer.
But he's got no shot.
Well, I'll pick one up.
Great.
And then he's second race.
Oh, Peachy Kiss is on the rail with them.
Who's the Jackie?
Ariel Smith.
I'm going to pick up their own.
Ariel Sharon is writing for.
He must work a lot of weight.
Being sickle, dude.
Jose, we've heard the tooth.
No, no shot.
Oh, John Balanska is a six to five in a second race.
Heavy, chalk.
Now, there's a chalk when a horse is a six to five in a morning line.
Did you ever explain where that comes from, that term?
I don't know those of us who don't know.
Chalk?
Yeah.
I don't know.
It just means the favorite.
Okay.
It's Mifo Hiltide.
He probably knows from all those old GA classes he took.
Mifo?
You know, Mifo.
Yes, I do.
He might show up.
He might show up.
He might show up.
He might show up.
He might show up.
Next January.
I'm going to be on the beach.
That normal.
I think I'll be on the beach.
But he put a boot, put a belt.
Oh, boy.
He's so, so, so, so sad.
It is just astonishing to me.
I think it was normal that it's soured the whole situation with Jolly Joe.
I think Jolly Joe was ready to offer a realistic deal here.
Yeah.
You're not from Raleigh?
Normal.
I don't think that's got any to do with it.
Neither is Damon and Amanda Lara's not from Raleigh either.
Okay.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's a bag, you know.
Okay.
Here's one.
You saw it.
I was going to sweep the cranks over the break.
I know.
I know.
I could hear it in my headphones that I sound like I have a hole.
So, yeah.
You sound like you have a horrible, an adult, a call bed, pneumonia, of a little horse from
yelling, it's like that.
You sound like you're in a broom closet, but you can through a cambo soup can.
I know that you sound great.
We're going to tweak it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Tweak it.
Tweak it.
Tweak it.
Here's the a poll from yesterday. I'm gonna see the earth put the new one up there yet. Not yet. Facts it to you baby. I
Facts it to you, man. Maybe can't read it
Anyway, here's the one from yesterday. What say?
Night what's that? What's a vice-the-guy wouldn't like his friends know he has. Oh, that's right. I can't read it sucking
111 wins hands down somebody's pants
out of a 1029 vote 611 launching opera doctor Phil 129
Getting a manicure or a pedicure 96 that sounds so gay. Yeah
Watching soap opera 74 coupling 42 shopping 32 go into the opera 19 gardening 16 and painting 10
All the great painters of all pretty much most of them. Yeah, I wonder what that is
See a lot of things I don't understand like flight attendance. Why why are gay men attracted to that job flight attendants?
Maybe one will call it explain it to us when you start taking calls. Yeah, five years. I'm gonna take me
I don't want that's a good point. I don't know why. I mean, oh, yeah, you're something worse
Hey, sorry isn't it Christy doesn't say anything because he wants you to think it's just me. No, it does
It sounds a little tinny a little more. No, that sounds a little bit horrible. Yeah, and here it says he has no facts from you
Here's no facts for me. That's what he says
Well, that's right and I didn't go through so during your break up better facts again. Thanks Eric. Sorry
Later it's fuck to up Friday you best
Oh
Within agenda that's right me
Well, he's the talent happy
Well, he's a presidential son who doesn't have to run
No one else is gonna win. He might as well just move right in
He has to go to school. He was born with up his ass
So look out all you do get ready for the gas
Welcome
Well
Race against buddy with K. Why do you think they call it Cooper Victoria?
Jeffster stick it where the moon goes shine okay take your anti-slot
Red or regular scare tactics all your BS and shove it way in there deep. Okay
Idiot
Just that that's another reason to be so happy that it passed not just overwhelmingly but you know, I mean just
dramatically almost to the one in Dave County
You sound I we tweaked it how it has that it sounds so much worse than it did before
I can't even believe
Great am I right Chris? He's the one that said it sounded better come on though. You're full of crap
I said it sounds better for example of you. Why are you such a turd man? You're you're like a turd on a
I don't know I
For two fingers when we're in a break so you're like a kangaroo came
It's not everybody had say you this sounds worse but not right there for a second you sounded okay
Not good. Maybe I should project more. No, that's if I were so happy equipment is what it is
Well, yeah, I'm pretty happy about there anyway make believe
Engineers what you got that believe equipment to so if you're at least working assistant you didn't expect anything radio
Which definitely make how it's the fact that it adds like a little mystique to the whole thing whatever that means right so the deal is clearance came in this morning
But it means that about because
Jack's volunteer to do that one to our next week because it looks like this trial
They just took it they off today and we both got messages from clearance
I got the one from you last night about 11 o'clock. Oh, guess what you can do a tentative or an extra hour. I thought oh
Hallelujah
You know like I told jolly joder. I mean I didn't mind doing it. I'm happy to help
But it said her in so on contrary to public rumors that they've started you know, I'm a team player and I like to see everybody do well
Can't think of any I don't want to see you do well anymore, but at any rate except across the street
But the fact of the matter is five hours is too long. It's a long slip man, especially when you're not taking those great calls
You know
When you're sitting here and you're making the whole show
Ba ba ba ba ba five hours of Ba ba ba five a lot of Ba ba ba five. I mean yeah
So you might have to do some about a boot by the beat also we are gonna do that that I charge extra for that
So Monday allegedly and of course, I'm sure that during the day clearance will be sending me 85 breathless email
Oh, well, they may can't do it and this one the dog is sick and Chris is still dropping big turds donkey turds in the area
No, it really you are such a turd
Why am I a turd?
In the rain you're so lifeless you're you're like I'm turd in a punch will just floating around man
You have no life to you why because I said he sounded better now
No, he does sound better. I want what I was listening to him. No, listen
One little speaker on the board not the normal speakers
That's what I'm going by like he's talking a little speaker a little half-inch. Yes, he called me a speaker
Yep, yeah, no, listen to the girl is in they don't come no speaker than George. That's right. Well speaking English check
So what's going on out there? Got any people there playing or what?
There's some ladies that like they're peeking around the corner like what's going on there? I'm too embarrassed to go all the way over
The world over here ladies come on. It's all right. Hello ladies. Hello, Ma unless you want me to
What's Ma's to ladies?
What's the story now can they hear this if they got the yeah of course 30 seconds later after they brought the hell out of here though
Yeah, oh later on me knocking them and they probably brought some of the sweet and low that they stole down the street at the rascal house
That'll get them out of there
Don't play wheel of toy
Like they're like they're here was a fire. Did they really oh, yeah?
I'm telling you the delay didn't even catch up. I know. I know they could feel it. Yeah, good. Feel right now
I don't think if you like anything well I fact the new pool Eric. Let's see if he's got it up there yet
He does boy. He is good man. He is so good
I little problem last night. I had to like print some stuff out for Paco the error here on the computer and I didn't I didn't know how to do it
And so I called Eric. I thought there's a guy in like five seconds
He told me click this click that but I beat but I move it out stick it where you know and I did and it worked
I just fine because I am the best
Okay, so let me print out this the pool I
Still feel I don't know
From this this week of all that extra but I'm not complaining you understand that would be really bad form to volunteer to do something
Say, oh, gee, this is crazy. It was crazy, but I don't mind. We survived right right?
You sound wait here's the new pool. What's the food you absolutely cannot live without oh, yeah? Oh, that's all on there
Here the choices that whose pool was this?
Is this a Charlie B pool? No, this is a Brandon pool. Sorry Brandon
What's the food you absolutely cannot live without red pasta be for steak
chicken
seafood fruits
Vegetables now you think anybody's been voted for fruits and vegetables that just somebody will well some smart
Some fruit who can't who can't live without fruit you ice cream candy bacon or pizza?
Oh somebody good choices, but you know I'm voting ice cream. I'm voting for pizza pizza. Yes
There we go for so far for beef or steak two for pizza two for ice cream one for seafood one for bread you love bread
I like bread right I don't even like bread all that I love it like I've told you before if I sit down in a real fancy
Shmancy restaurant and they bring a basket of nice really warm quality bread like Italian bread or French bread
Oh man like with some garlic butter
Mm-hmm, well yet only thing I hate some restaurants even expensive ones once in a while to bring you a little thing of butter
And it's as hard as a brick I've been refrigerated, you know, who's got the honey butter is that like roadhouse grill?
That's got the honey butter raid through
Is that where they used to throw the peanut shells on a fully still do yeah, it's what are they really sure?
I think the professor warned me about that place, but anyways probably one of our fine sponsors
We love I don't know everybody's one of our fine species to go there all the time when I live by well
I'm gonna tell you right now at any price. I'm sticking around here for like the next 20 years
Okay, and so I send that message to jolly Joe
Will negotiate some kind of a deal I can survive yeah, I can't because no our normal kid is not gonna get me a deal anywhere
I'm just telling you that I want to go on a record on the year publicly today to announce that I am positive
He will not make any kind of he just won't do it. In fact, maybe I'll negotiate with jolly Joe myself and get normal out of the equation
Oh, no, I mean didn't get his tickets. He didn't get his a dolphin tickets in his Marlin tickets
That's always that's always a big sticking point is normal and his tickets. What's in it for him?
I was in it for me. What's in for him?
No, I mean didn't get this and I mean didn't get that yeah, well, you know, he needs the extra cash so he can buy that expensive weed and
Anything much take care of all those runaways, you know
I'll who am I to talk
No comment. Oh
Listen, what be it? I'm worried as okay my life has been enriched beyond believe beautiful great
It's great. I'm happy. It's the truth
Pretty good. I don't have to get out of bed in the morning every day. Wonderful. Great. Okay. I share your son
No, you don't it's like their hard ass. I do you hate you hate Mexicans like poison. I say would all about only that one
I didn't like it. That was a high school
22 votes and a new folder. I give the final result the other one. I don't really know no
It's gonna sit on the machine back there. I printed it out. What's a vice-evalid like his friends? No, he likes
I'm sure that I don't have to read this anymore sucking
620 watching Oprah doctor fill 130 getting a manicure or pedicure 99 watching soap 74
Cuddling 42 shopping 32 going to the opera 19. Oh, give me a break
Gardening 16 and painting 10 going to the opera. Yeah, so
In fact, you know who enjoyed it was Tom Ripley there and
Telled Mr. Ripley. Yeah, I'm sure the opera you go over that. What does that tell you?
Didn't you go with the what's an end at parisian Kate life-jade?
I'm sorry. I should latched. She looks like she's been blanced. She looks like you sound today great
That good like crap. Wow
He's you seriously honestly if you told me that you were broadcasting through you're talking through a
Progreso soup can I say yeah, it sounds like it
Although no actually progressive soup are in big cans though. This is what's something that comes like in a little small tables
No, not Campbell's that those are medium size I'm talking about like hines. Okay, hines
Vieta sausage can
No, I don't know
Little tiny can like I'm like a mushroom cap bottle or some I don't know
That's what you sound like you're talking through like you have back home pudding
Well, we don't hear anything about the bad stuff going on in a wreck anymore. That's because the media is decided
It's not good for business. We don't want to talk about it makes people depressed a female suicide bomber
Blue herself up in the main pent-market and central bag dead killing at least 46 people owning dozens and
The deadliest bombing to strike the catwalk since 30,000 more
oops
More mercanturistic and flooding into central rack last spring now
Are you close enough to any of the machines that you could play the slots of while you're on the air or not?
Uh, no, no. I don't think we have a cordless micro anything
I mean they're right there. They're like 20 feet away. Yeah, but you know, I don't have a 20 foot cord
Well, that would have been really neat. They would have done fun. It would have been just yeah, I can
Run over their dirt of break. You know, no, I'm not doing a break while we're on the air and they can't hear me out during a break
We have authorized agents we can sit over there that I can do a play by slow fun
Well, well, what kind of machine about 20 minutes later a second female suicide bomber struck another bird market
And it's an Emily she had area in southeastern bag dad now they're even killing the birds that last kill 18
One of 25 more so a lot of a lot more dead people over there in spite of the fact that your friends in the meeting
Don't want you to know about it. Oh, we don't want to talk to surges working so good. You just are upset because the surge is yeah, yeah, surge this
Surge so
so um
Yeah, I think it would be a good idea to have somebody
You know pop
Blast a little what what kind of machines are sitting that you can see that are closest to you jacks are better
Duces one is jack is that like Jason jacks do it. Oh, it hot aces
That says over there. I don't know what any of those machines are now are these the digital ones are these like the old fashion
Well, they must be digital because they're old fashioned right here. They aren't what leeches said
Most of them are digital, but they have some of the other ones too in other words with the reals the ones with the three
Reels are old fashioned three more reals. I can't get a good view, but yeah, mostly digital
The old fashion ones are the back week said
But the ones near you are digital chess
See that's really fun because you put your money and you hit the button and then like it all these lines and you try to figure out
What what matches on there doesn't make any sense to me and whatever matches that they wanted to match in other words
Whatever they want to pay out
So you put some money in there and you hit the thing and bang bang bang bang and usually nothing
Usually nothing what you're the shot maybe do the next bro
And maybe you will be able to understand what you're saying
Bad story
Thanks for it's later
Try there you bastard
Hey tell present over 748 of the greatest songs of love especially for the lady in your life by Jerry Lewis
The old man's everybody by the love my sir himself
I have a nimble superstar entertainer Jerry Lewis and you'll get your favorite lady love song
It's an amazing company of 748 love songs the Orlady old digitally remastered and all performed by the masterful superstar
Jerry Lewis
Jerry's buddy you enjoyed me on K-Tel record and we pay a very special musical tribute to the lady you'll get this arrow Smith classic
And
And Helen Rady's hit never sounded better
Listen to Jerry's amazing interpretation of his super hit from the king of pop
I
Jerry Lewis
That's 748 fabulous ladies on 35 CDs or 1238 track tapes all
Revealing boy is model from the original consent masters and it's a collection you'll cherish your friends
And your lady will know it's all yours for 17 easy payments of only 32. I mean it's only from K-Tel
You can tell it's a tell we yell and smell 1034 Q.A.M. So anyway last night that big debate was on Democratic debate no lady watch it now
No, how I was to do this before how do I sound though?
Different better worse marginally better. All right. Well not quite so thinning
Well, the last ten years you sound like you've got a real bad code in the node. Well, I don't but well
You sound like you do so really doesn't make any difference anyway. I made was on I saw about five minutes of it
They were so nice. Oh my god. What I heard nice to each other was disgusting
Well, I guess they're tired of getting acting like a couple of petal and children
So as a result of that they must have decided ahead time. Well, let's be really nice. Let's nice it up
That's nice and they did it was very nice
Anyway, here's the good news though. I don't know how much significance it's gonna have because the caucuses and the primers are where the delegates are chosen not nationwide
But nation-wide is a brand new Gallup tracking poll that shows
Hillary's once double digit lead over BRAC is now down to four points
Now around to four points on
January 20th at 20 point lead here. It is 11 days later. It's only four
And
And in key estates for next Tuesday super Tuesday the numbers are also getting closer
According to the latest Rasmussen poll clinton is up only three points in California
Where she also used to have a double digit lead and Massachusetts. She was at 28 points now. It's down to six
Down to six good that said Clinton retains an advantage in virtually every major February 5th state with the exception of Obama's home turf villainoi
The numbers are trending Obama's way across the country but may not have enough time to make up the difference if
Super Tuesday with February 12 and said the 50 outcome could be very different it says
That's why the debate was so critical for a VAM last night
It says here, but it beat for the movement about but I don't know what I saw wouldn't impact one way or the other
It's just being very nice although she still is cold and shrew and just annoying as hell swore
Now here's something for you from one of our my space Hank
My name Hank I'm my space we know it's not for me
That's a tell George you will be interested in this okay
Detailed study of the gypsy language is shown that gypsies originally came from India
All right, and by the way that Norma can't will not get us an ideal
You did mention that I really think you should talk to that other guy every time I have any involvement with him on the phone on a
Right email I'm more and more confident that he just he can't get it done
You just can't do it Norma you just take all kinds of stories and excuses and it always comes back to the same
Oh, but it'd be but it will nothing you know, well, you know, it won't hurt to just get a second opinion
You know call the other guy call the legend. Well, he's not a real agent though
He knows people are flunky lord that the chicken act you know trust me
I don't okay
The gypsy will you listen to this year your entrance correct don't start creating a
Division between nori and me and Norma just because you stole okay
So it's like queen
Detailed study of the gypsy language is shown that gypsies originally came from India the common features it shares with Sanskrit and with later
Indian languages can lead to no other conclusion. How do you like that?
Gypsy language. I didn't even know gypsies had a language. Yeah, I thought they spoke the language
Like if they come from Romania or like whatever country they came from well, they do but they have their own
The gypsies are believed will begin their numerous waves of migration westward about 1000 AD
Lone words in their language from Persian Armenian Greek provides some indication of the general course of their travels
Today gypsies are to be found in many countries in both Eastern and Western Europe as well as the USA a rough estimate
Of their numbers have been the neighborhood of five to six million
Wow
Wow, modern and current
I don't understand what this means. Oh, I see another more information Romania Hungry will hear a US etc
Says Hank thank you Hank so there's an information for George from
Anonymous Hank who we've got no real profile
But he just decreed once so we could confedulate with me. They're like that. They're feeding skewing
Hank or you mean the gypsy? Oh, no. Yeah, the gypsy so Lee went walk through the slot area. Yes, here's here's what they got
You ready for this? Yeah white hot aces
Gain house they got white house. Yeah, man. I'm coming right down juices wild poker
Do lucky man. Is that lucky? Mon lucky? Mon
American original money monkey Mon you got a fighter good machine. Mon. Let me tell you
Lucky lucky Luigi's pizzeria life or luxury Cleopatra hex break. Okay a patron. That's a good one
Gussard the really got like the little Cleopatra thing and then it's also got like a pyramid thing
Let me go that buying buying buying that make that a good sound. You know when I would be makes a nifty sound
Gussard
You're already mentioned that what's this trying not to out luau loot
half sense
Black and white sevens
I'm sure are like the digital one
And he broke down for me did a good job here king or the wild
What's a V.P. Alien versus predator slots actually and then the old regular kind non-digital they have triple diamond double four
Super pay double diamond triple stars and triple seven red hot
Well, I'm gonna come down and start doing my show from Gulfstream every day
I'm gonna just play the slums. They take care of you when you do and by the end by two o'clock every day
I'll have lost whatever money. I was making that day. I'll have lost it by two and then probably some more
But he asked you something those machines that are over there that you can't see but you'll know what I'm talking about
Of those for like automatic bedding window machines Steve says yeah, right. Yeah, we got a whole row of those things over here too
Well, great result. I always to lose your ass. It's good. That's the way to wait
I'm gonna experiment with every one of them too. That sounds very much like wood buying to me
They have those same machines where you make your own wages over that right anti-social people or people that are
One way to know
It's probably just one of the privacy of their own little window and make their own bet
Okay, like I'll bet the one over the seven six seven eight and the two over the four five six and
Like that like Richie, you know like the super I had the super
And now he's dead
Oh
There's a feature in one of the local newspapers. It's called it's kind of like it's by the obituary page. It's called lives lived
There ought to be one in called lives wasted, you know
Okay, no, somebody nobody might. No, I'm just talking about somebody. Okay lives wasted
No, not mine. Okay. My life has been wasted. You know
It reminds me my mother. Yeah, the both the baby. He doesn't feel like he wouldn't have felt that way, you know what?
That he wasted his life sure maybe he did what he enjoyed
And what was that
Plenty of plants growing to track with me eating free food sure a
Lot of people like to do that. Yeah, we're in
That's a part of bags. I'm not really sure what which which they were what they were attached to but they didn't smell too good
I mean he didn't look like he turned down things that he liked
fat Rich
And you know even now all these years later I'm still not exactly sure what it was that he did a lot of life
Yeah, kid baby
I'm right over here
Oh my god
When he makes it we go
Monika is not the kind you can do in the behind
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind
What solid
Well, he don't know where a stoke goes. I can see how there was some confusion
Between humans or and human horror
And then I can saw the term Cedar Box means saw her naked
Stars reportedly to go in line
Now Clinton he was working hard late nights in the overy office
Working on a practical joke
He took him back a noodle put an explode in
Loading poor Monica was blowing rings us
Bill cigars and Monica's vagina
All right, she let's start a gig
Every time he makes it we go
Monika is not the kind you can do in the behind
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind
Oh people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by a husband
Feel that Hillary was wrong
But
Oh
In the Lincoln bedroom she was moaning
Morning how door was doing her with bills old bomb
Bill cigars and Monica's vagina
She let's out of giggle
Every brigand time he makes it we go Monica is not the kind you can do in love behind
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind
Candy
Yeah, does master is faster. Oh, yeah
What you gotta do is take a tip or reload
Oh
1048 at 560 WK knows how I'm going back to the old library didn't play all these but video ads and not so good
Yeah, sure it's a little less than last week first of February
It's put on your sombrero. It's a little day of a barrel
We got the jack show from two to four this afternoon
And I got the Super Bowl in the Phoenix from four to seven then we got the I don't know kind of a stop sign
We put up between seven and nine dolphins all asses with very mutual introid rating nine to mid that
We got a good new guy in a block. They meant a lot from nine to midnight
And I think he's gonna be doing nine to 10 a.m. Next week, although I'm not sure if we could maybe I shouldn't have said that on the air
Well, whatever's isn't right
But that's what Clemens and I decided
My ass me, I mean, it's you know, it's my call. It's my show here. I'm gonna decide you know
I'm at least they give me that much
We want to do 10 to two or nine to one or but it be how about how about nine 15 to nine 30 sounds good boy
I would know a pressure pack power and would a whole bunch of spots in there too
105 now what I want you to do through an x-break can't do it now. I should've done it before an x-break
It's take off that headset and go to a what's a machine that's close to you? What's
The like the hot East's hot East is okay, and what is it the Santa Claus while?
Can you read it? Where you are? It's at an angle. It's an angle. Oh, there's a there's a barrier. Why might it is the quarters?
That's if I mean they have quarter slots. That's what you will be to fight no, I'm asking
Jeez, you know, can anybody give us straight answer anymore be long kid and turd burger over there?
I'm telling I can't see the screen from here, but yeah, there are there are quarter slots to be had
Well, obviously there's no question about that you've got to find you a good machine mine I
Want to be one over there is a dollar if they're dollars. You're not gonna play that least these gonna go over there
I'll play dollars
Save your money for the horses, baby. I got your couple of good losers today. I got two quarters
Yeah, yes, yes, they have quarters for the lot of nieces. Yeah, there you go
Okay, so why and what's the jackpot? What's the what is the glass thing?
It's going back just stay over there. Oh my goodness. Hey there. What's wrong with him? What is he doing holding your hand sitting in your lap?
He's over there. Yeah, he's over here manning the table manning it. Yeah. Yeah, what does that mean?
I keep telling people they need the right people coming by saying oh, hi George. It's good to see you when you did last time
You were there probably not they did nobody knows my name yet, but so do
What what
I can't hear you with that set up royal flush
Well royal flush will win you four grand whoo. Yeah, man. You're not gonna get no real flush
And this is the next the job. I have playing real poker
One for grand the whole got the royal flush
Yeah, I had a royal flush this morning to him. Did you yeah?
The queen had when the queen has a flush. It's a royal flush
Okay, so during the next break give me 20 and
And how many points is it is like a three coin deos every a play like 75 cent or
Or is it one of those new ones? It's got like up to four
See you've got to be really careful now because this is one of the great new scams in the slot machines man
And that is these new ones like like the two cent real a fortune
I keep telling you about this real gigantic big machine where everybody sits around in a big circle
Like it's got a big wheel in the center and it's got your own elite person as their own little screen and numbered screen like from one
through ten or whatever
Okay, and then what's the spin which you have to get you have to play the maximum to get the spin just like on the a dollar and
The maximum is 40 times five so it's 200 two cents
So it's four bucks and people think they're playing a two cent machine if you want to get a spin
You have to play four bucks ahead
Okay, well, I mean let's just see a little bit of difference between two cents and four bucks
Well, yeah, and like the quarter machines probably in order to have a chance to win the jackpot and get your royal flush
You probably and it probably has like two lines how many lines you want to play and how many credits per line
Probably a lot of their items. What there's people over there playing them
Nine lines times five coin five of a credits
So that's 45 to divide that by four so it's like ten bucks ahead
Okay, so if you put a $20 bill in there
It's like you hit the button two times and you're done you're finished
I can lose my stuff. He's not he's not telling you because obviously a flee is a lung kid
I mean can't can you just tell you these things he doesn't know from slot machines. Why not why because there's Jewish
Yeah, that must be it
Because because he's not an old coup who plays the slots
Quarter 50 cents or a dollar
Are the bets
Really so make any sense
Yeah, no, not really
Okay, because I don't even remember what I did when I went to Vegas and played these things a
Quarter 50 cents or a dollar are the bets
That's right. No like the nomination. Oh, it's an electronic one probably so you can play oh you can also set the domination on it
Oh, my see these now he hasn't get it. He doesn't understand it. Oh, I don't get it
You can change the nomination you can play quarters. Well, he can set it to quarters for you
But the point is how many credits do you have to play every time you hit the thing?
That's the question flea
What's the max? Yeah, what's the maximum bet? You don't ever want to play the slots and not play the max
I love these people have tried to play one or two credits instead of three on a dollar machine the spin comes
I'm Jesus I miss the spin again. Well quit playing a lot of two credits you cheat bastard
You idiot. I'm gonna run over there during the break and and I'll figure it out
Yeah, let's make a big production out of this
So you want me to play so you want me to play so you want me to play quarter denominations, but max out the bet is that what you want me to do
I didn't say max out the bet tell me how much it is to how much you can play right here
It's like nine times five. It's a if it's 45 credits of a play. You don't want to play a ten dollar machine
Okay, no, this makes sense to me, but I'll figure it out when I there are don't you understand on these digital machines
Digital machine. Will you listen to me? Okay, there are numerous lines you all right nine
Usually nine lines
And you have a choice that you can you know have to play all nine lines
But if you you know if you really want to have a chance to win anything you really should and then you can play one to five credits
I'm mostly okay, all right, so in other words in nine quarters would be nine times one which would still be
What is that two in the quarter? Okay, yeah
But at least your $20 bill would give you like eight eight eight nine shots at it all right
It is opposed to nine if you play the max nine times five you're gonna lose the $20 bill and the two hits during the break
I'll see how fast I can lose this 20 no
No, that's not the point. We don't want you to lose you can't afford to be losing money on the slide sure
I can't Jesus got all my new disc I and now it's gonna happen as you're gonna become a degenerate
Don't start with a wheel of fortune. Let me tell you right now. You'll get hooked on that. It's it's gonna
Don't worry about it. I've already I know how to avoid addiction
Don't get started. Well, that's one way. We have it. I have another
Replication way and I never think of the slots at all if it were if they took all the real fortune machines out
I would never go again. There's another thing you can do to avoid addiction. What's that stop?
Stop stop doing whatever it is. What's the whole you absolutely can't live without that's our second poll question 119 both
Beef or steak 29. I don't I don't get that
Bread 18 pizza 17 seafood 14 fruits 9 pasta 9 ice cream only 8
Chicken 7 vegetables 4 bacon 2 and candy only 2 for for veggies and only 2 for candy. I'll rise
You can't imagine the best challenge
Here's your round count
4.2560 QAM
Me
4.0
leader
This is the Neal Roger show
This is your dream
Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Any questions?
Matthew Mark Luke and John
Axen Romans and Corinthians
Corinthians
Galatians
Ephesians
Philippians
Colossians
Thesalonians
Thesalonians
Timothy Timothy
Thomas Philaman
Hebrews James
Peter Peter John
John John
Peter Peter John
Peter Peter John
Matthew Mark
Luke and John
Axen Romans and Corinthians
Corinthians
Galatians
Ephesians
Philippians
Colossians
Thesalonians
Thesalonians
Timothy
Thomas Philaman
Peter Peter James
Peter Peter John
John John
Matthew Mark
Luke and John
Axen Romans and Corinthians
Ephesians
Corinthians
Galatians
Ephesians
Philippians
Colossians
Thesalonians
Timothy
Thomas Philaman
Hebrews James
Peter Peter John
John John
Peter Revelation
11.0.2 at 5.60 W.D.Q.M.
All the bubble mice
all the time, all the fairy tales
for all the fairies, man.
Well, do you need a good book, says?
So, what'd you come up with on it?
Okay, first of all, I don't like that machine, but never let's go ahead.
Well, I went over to the white hot aces over there, the closest machine to me.
Please hold me in the corner.
I might plan it for me for all I know. So, anyway, I put in my 20, I got 80 credits.
And I did the thing. I bet the five credits at a time.
I think like you told me.
And I was up 50 cents
for a little while there.
You're correct. Right, you'll have.
Walk away with 50 cents, that's no more than I.
What a cousin of my little brother.
50 cents before, 50 cents, baby. It's an old man, 50 cents.
Yeah. So, I'm going to go back during the breaks and leave Satan, let's see for me.
Keep it warm. Oh, in other words, you still 50 cents ahead?
No, no, no, I'm down three and a quarter.
I'm down three dollars and 25 cents.
25 cents, yes.
Well, that's not so bad.
But I've been, you know, I played the video poker and the slots and everything in Vegas all the time.
I can do all right. I'm going to have fun during every break. I'm going to go over there.
I'll keep posted. No, I'm not doing every break you want.
Like one or two more.
Well, yeah.
Well, this is bad. You're losing money on the slot machines, man.
Now, if you were the wheel of fortune machines, where then we could really have some fun with it.
I just got a spin.
And I would go like, that's a question.
That's a question.
I'm going to make it up with the free food and the booze that I'm going to.
You could play the corporate corporation every so very great time.
And the jackhammer wheel on those is 500 bucks. Now, you could use 500 bucks.
That could.
I just got a spin for 500.
I just got 80's in on the line.
I want 200 bucks last night. I ran out of there.
Good, good play.
That's my new plan, man. When I get ahead some of their money, even if it's only a hundred or 200 bucks, I hit the door.
It's just, you have to have a sense. You have to have a feel. Are they paying? You see any people winning?
People getting a thousand on the wheel. Somebody was smiling, screaming, whatever.
It's a little early yet for that.
You mean there?
Here on this floor. I mean, there might be a whole lot of action going on right above my head.
Oh, I'm sure that up there.
There are a whole lot of people. I'm sure those wheel of torture are just jam-packed. All the mollies are up there.
Oh my God, I came so close.
Let me give you a little piece of advice while your slot player is okay. There is no such thing as close in slot games.
No, no. Oh, no, I already noticed that. That's the biggest part of you.
That's the biggest part of psychology in slot machines of the... Sure.
...the near-win...right spin.
I'll read you three of the hands were like one.
We're going to get like five times on the first line.
Seven on the middle reel. And then the third line, the other five times, the wheel of torture is either above or below the pay line.
Oh, I came so close to three thousand.
No, you didn't. You got nothing.
You got zip and e-duda. They might as well have been blank.
That is correct. They might as well have been blank.
Because the computer decides an amount that it's going to pay out. And the computer doesn't say,
Well, actually it does. It is programmed to give you a whole bunch of those near misses.
But it doesn't say, oh well I'm going to almost give you the three thousand. You're going to be really close.
You're not close. Either it's on the pay line or it just pretend it wasn't there.
And it just nauseates me to watch these people. Oh my goodness, look at that.
Yeah, and I hold up my finger and say, look at this.
I bend over and I show my fat ass and say, look at this. Look at that, my ass.
I don't do it, but I feel like the hell is wrong with you for Christ's sakes.
You've been playing these damn talking about people that play for a long time. Like this idiot Marise, this frog guy.
He's the guy that got off the $5 machine after blowing 2700 bucks.
And the next guy sat down, put it in a 20 and got 366,000 a jackpot. Three wheel of fortunes.
And he still shows up there. Now if it was anybody even close to sane, would you ever come back again?
No. I mean somebody's trying to tell you something, Marise.
And every time I see him, you're all losing 4,000, 6,000.
You won me money. Oh, I see. He catch me out so that I can just go back and stick it in another machine. Why did he catch you out?
I don't know. I guess he got tired of sitting in that seat over there. Somebody waiting to play the machine?
No, not that one.
Well, why not? I guess just leave. Lee has to man his post here at the table. Why?
Have you ever manned a post?
Well, that's a good idea. You can call him a brand-new head of a good idea here. Will you listen to me and quit playing poaching around with your buddy, Flea?
This is a good idea. Tell George to call him with his cell phone so we can hear him play since you can't take you don't have a long portable mic.
Yeah, it's true. I got a speaker phone. Why?
Speaker phone function. I got a headset here for my phone. That would be sweet. Thanks, Brian. Good idea. Good thinking.
144 votes on our food pool. I can't believe the candies in last place. Oh, they too. They can't live without candy.
And ice cream has only got nine. Be for steak. 34 ice cream. 9. You can have all the steaks. I love good juicy ribeye, man. There's nothing like great steak, but it's not in the same league because I'm addicted to carbs.
So candy and ice cream are high on my list. These other people I think are trying to be like holier than vial than me.
Guess who supports a Barack Obama now? I don't know. My cockabees got Chuck Norris and Rick Flair. John McCain's got sliced-lone, I'll short snigger.
And now Barack Obama's got a prominent muscle bound supporter all his own former professional wrestler Hulk Hogan.
Oh, who makes me want to vomit? That pair to support for the Junior Illinois Senator on the Jimmy Kimmel show last night.
Did you have sighted? No, he's a bad parrot. Is he? Hulk Hogan, how do we know that?
Because there's a son's a piece of crap, you know, a speeder, a drunk driver, a wreck in his car, hurting people.
Huh. Nobody's even asked me my opinion till now, Hogan laminated. We came a lot to know who his momentum would be behind.
What? Who Hulk mayn't momentum would be behind when they're coming election. That doesn't make any sense.
Ross Storyer, illiterate. If I had to step out and say who I really believe in, that catches my ear, that makes sense that I think can really make a change. I would say Obama.
Everybody plays this card, the bad guy card, you know, the dirty politics thing, talk about the way people dress, act and look and he's the choice.
He seems like the real deal, you know. I know.
Sector Laiouan-Ket decried the fact that non-political celebrities are being asked for presidential campaign endorsements.
Scientists believe that the corpses of our founding fathers are weeping real tears in their graves right now. I agree with it.
Who does Arnold support all the, he's a governor, you know, so I guess that would make some sense.
But Hulk Hogan and Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris, talk about old news man who never was in great scene these days.
Why? He's very popular on the internet these days.
Is he really? Yes. Well, guess what? So was Dennis Kassinich and so is what's his name here?
What's his name? Ron Paul. Rupal.
147 votes on our Paul. So what are you going to do? Are you going to call?
I can and also should I try different machines this time since I have my voucher here. I can just stick it in any machine.
Now how many times did you play? How many times did you, I don't know, 10 or a dozen spins there, easy? Maybe more.
Right now you're down 325.
And how much, how much have you got left now? I got 1675.
Well, that's not bad. I've won playing slots before.
What do you feel like that? So the thing is, because I don't know.
Because it's a sucker of that. Is that why? No, no, I'm just, you know, you think I'm going to lose this 20 and I might just not.
I don't think you're going to lose the 20. I would almost make a separate wage around that you lose the 20.
Compared to your net horse ball machine. I don't know.
Don't have access to your wheel of fortune down here. I understand, but they're all, just keep staying with that one machine, man. Maybe it's a good machine.
Well, it's close. Yes, close by. I can see the broadcast table from it, which is a big draw.
Well, I think you ought to call in on yourself. I might even reach over here and punch up the monitor, turn it on.
All right. The next break. Oh, it says, I don't want to. I don't want to.
Like drinking letters, searching centers, line 12, calling in the bat line. Show will after the break. So take off the headset.
Get a hold of your cell phone over your aspirated and go to the machine. And this is the entry. I don't think I don't think this has probably been done very much.
If we'd ever have, well, we never on this station. I'm sure nobody able to play in slots on here. Although you never know with our crowd.
All the shows that Eddie and Hank used to do a lot of think Hank is the kind of guy that would ever play the slot machine. It would have, it would have tarnished his image.
You know, he's a big he's at the sports book. You know, he's a bit in thousands on ball games and.
What's that? Stylvers, over and under and Eddie, of course, he's teasing with the jets and losing with the fish and whatever.
I don't get that whole thing. By the way, we got the Super Bowl on Sunday. It's our last show before the Super Bowl final score.
Patriots 38, giant 17. Confidence is exceedingly high unless, of course, see it all depends on whether the Patriots from the first 10 games of the season show up or last few games, where they were life and death to win several games.
Or if the giants from most of the season show up or from the playoffs, the Eli Manning that we knew and laughed at whether he shows up or the all of a sudden, whatever happened to him, I show up.
So you're going to call in on the look at that. There's a line ring in there too. Well, because I reached over to go away.
Go away. Come back another day. No chance. No chance in your pants.
Oh, my biggest name is the best talent. He's now a Roger. He's 4.25.60.
The sports leader. It's Friday. You're wasting.
Jesus Christ.
You're the star. Are you a spell? It's just as you want.
The best kitchen used to be the star of lethal weapons. Now he's making movies about the Crucifixion.
People in the theaters are bound to act. It was okay but one thing I should have met.
Jesus Christ. Movie star. Rex Rie and the pope giving you four stars. Jesus Christ. Take a look.
Don't see the film till you read the book. Jesus Christ. On the street. Where there was no heart, she's seen. Jesus Christ.
D.A.T. Finally got your name in variety. Jesus Christ. Movie star. Are you a spell? It's just as you are.
Okay, here's your journey of that line. Here you go with us. I'm here. Can you hear me? Oh, and I yourself I'm even worse than before.
Oh, there's not a phone with a stupid headset, but what do you want? You're on the phone with a headset.
Yeah, I've got myself on the headset. That's where I'm just getting further and further away. Man, sounds like you're on the North Pole.
I can put my both hands now. All right, I'm down to 57 credits now because I couldn't wait.
So he's getting the fever already. He's getting addicted. Well, yeah, how many are you playing each time? You're playing five?
Five and a quarter. I'm going to quarter every time that's I got a pair of five now. I'm going to keep my five. This machine is very loud.
It doesn't. It doesn't. I know. I can't hear noise. No, not when it just deals. It only makes noise when you win something and that doesn't happen to office. Oh, hey, I got a pair of bases.
Yeah, I'm going to keep them. I'm going to keep them.
Do you hear that? Yes. All right. Well, I won. I'm up to 52 credit.
Yeah, how much? 62. 52. That's like 13 bucks. All right. And I lost again with a pair of twos.
I can lose my money so fast you're the pair of three. Oh, did you get that? Yeah, I lose. I win. All right. A pair of nine.
I do it. Didn't want to. I lost this machine. So I got two pair already. Wait. What is that? No. It's almost the straight.
I got a three four five six and I lost. We just had three dropouts on the internet straightman Brandon's field.
The good news is these phones getting my food right now. So, you know, I'm going to get my money back in food and foods. Trust me before I leave here.
I will. I recoup my loss. So how much you got? 42 credit. I'm just losing the back.
And I lost again. Oh, I suck. This won't be long. There are three. No, it won't be long at all.
I got three sixes. I automatically win. Much. I won 15. So I'm backed up to 42.
Yeah. I lost. Three four five six. They want me to get that straight. They're seeing me with that straight. I didn't get it.
I'll see. I can't close again. You didn't come close. Yeah. I know. I know. I don't know. Let's go for another straight.
Yeah. Eight nine. I'm going to hold that here. Didn't get it. I got a 17 credit.
I'm going to be back at the table before my food gets it. $4.25.
All right. I'm going to hold that. I'm done. I'm going to pull up. 17 credit. Come on. Hurry up and let me lose.
I won. I heard it. I heard it. I got a three. I got three five. I got a pair of queens.
Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Back up to 27. I'm going to keep. I'm just going to keep me here.
I think 22 credit. 17 credit. Carried five. Oh, no. Almost. Yeah. Keep that.
I got two. I got two. I got two. I got two. I got two. All right. Oh, geez. Oh, geez.
You're done. Wait. I'm going to go for a flush. I didn't get it. 17 credit. Two credit plus.
50 cent. I lost. And here goes my last. You lost. 32. And I lost. All right. Now I'm going back to the table.
Okay. Go back. See you. I was pretty excited. How long did that take about two minutes? Oh, I guess we're going to get rid of that.
Get rid of it. Oh, I'm just going to reach over and shut that thing off.
Lest I see those lines flashing in. Oh, hi, Neil. It's ribbon Jones again. It's Chambagan. It's a Prozac Ron again. It's the same.
You know, crap. So glad we got rid of that. Thank God I stood by my horses. So what are the most expensive drinks they have?
Well, see now you sound so much better. You still sound like crap, but compared to the way you sounded on the phone.
I know it's very good psychological move in our part. Thank you, Brandon. That's all it was. It was fun.
It was terminally boring on a radio. I mean, just it just doesn't relate plus that machine makes a very different video sound.
It was not allowed to machine. There's the mouse. Like that. It didn't go.
Wheel of course here. And we didn't hear any Velgo off. You know, like when hit two or three or four grand on the line.
That that sounds good when you hit three or four grand on the line on the other machine. You'll have to tell us all about that.
Yeah, maybe maybe I'm thinking we set up a deal at the end machine at woodbine. That's my favorite machine.
I played it last was the last night. Yeah, I did play it last night. I got 500 online and 400 online.
I still I walked away from there losing 200. So I had to go to the five dollar wheel of fortune machine.
I put in whatever I put in in the first hit. The first two coins man. Here came a spin for 500 bucks.
Not exciting? Yeah. Or excited. I just did. Yeah. Well, don't keep cheating.
I'll keep the dead machine. All you slot players out there. All you people crazy. You have to get hooked on the slots.
It's a lot of fun if you've got disposable income because believe me sooner or later they will dispose of it.
Just like his hard George just blow like he would have taken out a match blew the $20 bill.
Oh, no. It was like when it was rolled up next to Heath Ledger. Like maybe that was the one that was rolled up next to Heath Ledger.
How'd you do?
And now Gulf Streams got it. That's okay. They needed to help pay off all those bad checks that Larry Keen put in that drawer that time.
They used to take all the risk bad checks. They had the Larry King drawer. That's what Roy Slyhawk told me. Now he's dead. Can't believe that.
Despite it being a showdown between the two remaining candidates, Thursday's Democratic debate was in marked contrast from last week's contentious face off.
It was well before your bedtime. It was a good way to get ready to sleep.
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton were debating for the last time before the Super Tuesday contest. This coming Tuesday, man, we got some pressure of power packed days coming ahead.
Super Bowl on Sunday, Super Tuesday on Tuesday. Wow. Can you handle it? Both candidates focused on differences between themselves and Republicans more than differences between each other.
They were really kissy kissy and huggy, huggy and like that. They did try to point out distinctions between their policies, but they did it without as much finger pointing his last week's debate. Although Barack at one point did hold up a finger.
CNN, senior political analyst Bill Schneider, said he thought last night's debate might make it tougher for Democrats to choose between the two because they basically agree on the issues.
The toughest choice in politics comes between politicians or basically an agreement. It comes down to trivialities. It's easy to decide when the differences are deep and profound in the polls reflect that most of their supporters could go either way he said, yeah, that I know what that means.
Perhaps the biggest difference in their platforms is on health care. It says, but a bit of book, but I don't want to read all that.
Thursday's events, sponsored by CNN, the LA Times and Politico.com is the first debate without Edwards, without Johnny Boy.
Obama said he thinks it's very important to reduce the influence of lobbyists and special interests in Washington, implying that Clinton does not.
Obama got last one asked about how he might counter Republican charges against tax and spend liberal Democrats.
Well, first of all, I don't think the Republicans are going to be in a real strong position to argue fiscal responsibility, but they've added four to five trillion dollars worth of national debt.
I'm happy to add that argument. He said they all went like that. Oh boy, let's get it over with already. I'm no about you, but I'm kind of burn out all that.
Just like those five hour shows, don't forget next week we go back to 10 to I believe unless unless there's a latent of change and I erected a cute thing on our homepage.
That's right. You don't have a computer there. You can't see it.
I found a temporary head four and three quarter hours of meals now. He's got five hours of meal crossed off.
Four three quarters hour meal crossed off and then four hours of meal meal on 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. and underneath he's got a disclaimer.
It says don't ask. Just follow the bouncing schedule. In other words, when you're on he's on right back when he's gone. He's gone.
So we got Jackson to today and although I appreciate his venue never I don't think there's one in a month or two. I don't think you wanted to butcher our last hour.
It's only one. Well, we don't know how many days it is. Right. That's a good point. Especially now that you got numbers again and now that we're getting ready to renegotiate with Jolly Jobelle. He was sure to Jolly move this morning.
Thank you for filling in and acting like you know, he and I have only met once. Kind of like if we'd spent more time together, we'd have been much if we'd spent less time without norma interfering.
Norma can't get it done. Okay, mark that down and put it right on the right in front of the track there. Put up a big billboard. It says normal half-lito. You have what?
My notebook. I read it. I'm there. Drop a few of those all around the place. Then the guys that are bending over to try to find the tickets. You know, and then they'll find that instead like Lester Greenshire. That's what the FO used to. He used to go down there by the rail and kick over tickets. You know, looking for a good winning one at somebody dropped.
That's your way by mistake. How often does that happen? How often does that happen? Somebody drops it when he drops it.
If you want to do every 10 or 20 years, but hey, it's worth a shot when you're losing your ass.
That's me, old man. You don't use me on projects. It's 4.8.5.60.9.8.4.0.
For your wife. No.
All the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks.
To hate all but the right folks is an old established rule but during.
National Brotherhood Week. National Brotherhood Week.
Lena Horn and Sheriff Clark are dancing cheap to cheegies.
Bones to nulagized the people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school.
Older poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks.
All of my folks hate all of your folks. It's American as apple pie but during.
National Brotherhood Week. National Brotherhood Week. New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans cause it's very cheap.
Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand. You can tolerate him if you try.
All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews but Jews.
National Brotherhood Week. National Brotherhood Week. National everyone smile at one and otherhood week be nice to people who are inferior to you.
It's only for a week so have no fear. Be grateful that it doesn't last all year.
Okay, let me say we wanted to try and 60 WKM. We got George out there at Galston.
And I know that our people come by today to say hey how you doing George year or not?
Well nobody's come by to say hi but I know that our people are in the room with us here.
I know what I can feel it. I can feel their eyes on me.
What does that mean? Do you understand what he said? Lunkhead? They look.
You understand what he said?
The one guy fell asleep listening to the show so I know that's what he's saying.
He's just ain't even responding now. He's like George was talking so yeah people are like kind of looking at him and acknowledging him but they're afraid to talk to him.
Why is that? They say something more.
I thought last time you said you had a whole bunch of our people out there coming up in schmoozen and losing and losing.
Of course lots of them that didn't start until they did so you know.
Oh it's early. Of course. You can go for it until now.
You know it. I can see the world.
You said you're rotten bastard. You used to be so nice years ago when you used to have all those get-kies on the show.
Yeah. All those boring guests.
Good news is we got the food going. I'm just starting to lose it up here.
How about they bring you?
I ordered some chicken figures in own y'all rings.
Yeah. That sounds great.
What is the finish line cafe? Yeah. Finish line cafe over here.
Inside the finish line casino and it's great.
It's great stuff. I'm going to start eating with my mouth full.
It's no longer the other way to do it but you know.
What kind of system issue will the Clinton-Bammer race ask George Lackoff on the common dreams.org?
He says political endorsements really make interesting reading but this year is different.
Take the endorsements of Hillary Clinton by the New York Times and Barack Obama by Caroline Kennedy to the end of his New York Times, Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama agree on policy goals.
On the major issues there's no real separating the two.
They promise to end the war in Iraq more equitable taxation, more effective government spending, more concern for social issues, a restoration of civil liberties and an end of the politics of the vision of George W. Bush and Carl Rove.
What matters to the editors is experience in tackling issues and mastering details of policy and carrying them on one by one.
The next president needs to start immediately on challenges that will require concrete solutions, resolve and the ability to make government work.
To Caroline Kennedy policies not the real issue.
Most of us would prefer to base our voting decision on policy differences, however candidate schools are similar.
They've laid out all the detailed plans and everything from strengthening our middle class to investing in early childhood education.
So qualities of leadership character and judgment play a larger role than usual.
Caroline says I want a president who understands it as responsibility to articulate a vision and encourage others to achieve it, who will hold himself and those around him to the highest ethical standards, who appeals to the hopes of those who still believe in the American dream.
And those who around the world still believe in the American ideal. And those who can lift their spirits and make us believe again that our country needs everyone of us to get involved.
I better drink my fresco.
Do you like fresco?
It's fruity.
The difference is striking. To the editors in New York Times, the quality of leadership seems not to be an issue.
The ability to enact a country's not an issue. What Obama calls the empathy deficit of tooling to the experience and needs of real people is not an issue.
Honesty is not an issue. Trust is not an issue. Moral judgment is not an issue. Values are not an issue. Adherence to democratic ideals rather than political positioning, triangulation, and incrementalism are not issues.
Inspiration to call to a higher purpose and a transcendence of interest-based politics are not issues.
It's time to understand what counts as an issue to whom and why.
In thinking points, the handbook for progressives that the rock regents to staff and I wrote last year, we began by analyzing Ronald Reagan's strength as a politician.
A court and received strategist Richard Worklin, Reagan realized that most voters don't primarily vote in the basis of policies but rather on one, values, two, connection, three authenticity for trust and five identity.
That is Reagan spoke about his values and his policies for him just exemplified values. He connected visually with people. He was perceived as authentic as really believing what he said, as a result people trusted him and identified with him.
Even if they had different positions on issues they knew it where he stood. Even if his economic policies didn't produce a morning in America, voters still felt a connection to him because he spoke what they wanted America to be. That was what allowed Reagan to gain the votes of so many independence and Democrats.
There's a reason that Obama originally spoke of Reagan, Reagan understood that he win elections by drawing support from independence in the opposite side. He understood that he unified the country so they could lead according to his vision.
His vision was erratic for conservative one, a vision devastating for the country and contradicted by his economic policies. Obama understands the importance of values, connection, authenticity, trust and identity.
But his vision is deeply progressive. He proposes to lead in a very different direction than Reagan. Crucially he answered that vision of streetwise pragmatism, as policies have to do more than look good on paper. They have to bring concrete material results to millions of struggling Americans in the lower middle classes. They have to meet the criteria of a community organizer.
The Clinton policy won't seem to understand any of this. They have trivialized Reagan's political acumen as an illegitimate triumph of personality over policy. They confuse values with programs. They have underestimated authenticity and trust. And so do the pundits who posed the question in the debates.
The nomination campaign is about much more than the candidates. It's about a major split within the Democratic Party. The candidates are reflecting that split. Here are three of the major issues dividing Democrats.
First, trying Galatian, moving to the right, adopting right wing position to get more votes. Bill Clinton didn't, and Hillary believes it in it.
It is what he means by bipartisanship. Obama means the opposite by bipartisanship, who abamets a recognition that central progressive moral principles are fundamental American principles. For him bipartisanship means finding people who call themselves conservative or independence, but who share those central American values with progressives.
Obama thus does natural surrender or dilute his principles for the sake of bipartisanship. The second is incrementalism. Hillary believes in getting lots of small, carefully crafted policies through one at a time, step by small step, real but almost unnoticed. Obama believes in bold moves in the building of a movement which the bold moves are demanded by the people and celebrated when they happen.
That's the reason my Hillary talks about I, I, I, the crack for the policy. And Obama talks about you and we, the people who demand it and jointly carry it out.
The third is interest group politics. Hillary looks at politics through interest and interest groups seeking policies that satisfy the interests of such groups.
Obama's thinking emphasizes empathy over interest groups. He also sees empathy as central to the very idea of America. The result is a positive politics grounded in empathy and caring that is also patriotic and uplifting.
For great many Democrats, these are the real issues. These real differences between the candidates reflect real differences within the party, whoever gets the nomination these differences will remain.
It's time for the press, the pundits, the pollsters and the political sciences to take these issues seriously, writes George Lackoff on common dreams.org.
So you lost that 20 and about what? Three, four minutes?
That's right. We'll start drinking beer or something here.
I don't blame him. I would if I was losing 20 bucks.
205 votes on the pool. What's the food now? Do we want to put like, I don't know, we don't want to put beverages on it. We could put beer on there too.
You could put beverages another day.
Verages and more.
Right.
Let's make a drink at down. Here's the poor result. What's the food you absolutely can't be without beef or steak 58? Wow!
Bread 29.
Pizza 26.
Fruits 21. Get out of here. You can't live without fruits.
Oh, I got one that we don't have on there. What's that?
Free.
Free is not a food.
What's that? No, it's not. I'm eating it right now.
See Food 19, pasta 14, chicken 13, ice cream only in Yine, tied with vegetables. Oh yeah, well, I'm going to store it like in the convenience stores.
Don't you have any broccoli in here? All I see is a bunch of hoggonnas and Ben and Jerry's.
You could get vegetables like that.
There's Terrell Owens on the TV talking crap. What an idiot.
Vegetables 9, bacon 7, candy only 5 in last place. Ok, save it all for me.
Breakfast.
Breakfast.
Breakfast.
This is no.
4th leader.
Friday you baste.
Now the mountain road in the rundown jacks you got to do the bed and bed and ride and
tap in the back.
Just to sell up free and the Christian way after hanging up the pillars that they thought
was gay.
Light and fly like a ramble, dust and tiles gonna do it some man for it's end.
Stand in days you may have old compenite the bed and the fine church going dresses like
a lady's plate.
At the first back of the skirt, cut the nests of green.
They got the light drinking out, met the bed of me.
So light and fly like a ramble, dust and tiles gonna do it some man for it's end.
So freak out, spin like a drain, or get down.
Breathe as much as your ramble moves around.
Your baby's sister looks good and be proud.
And do like Jesus would.
Light and fly like a ramble, while the stuff's gonna do it some man for it's end.
And this is that set of its Christian run well, you know the gator only used the
inbred and done.
Hands filled of words, that figure's in forward base of those song and the invokes the
name of their lord.
Education is the devil and just out there to do some math for it's end.
Judged today is coming down the track before their time with the poodles boys and gals
taking their lives.
And just can't get any gummered in, so they're dry, grateful and shrubbered in and
chugging.
Jesus Christ.
You do a big round.
You're 25% of me loud.
When the baby is just in through the ground, or a grownhold, the end will pull down.
You can't stop pre-porking, having nothing but faith because stuff's gonna do it some
man for it's end.
14th till noon at 560 WDQ I am happy Friday for the first of February and it looks like
I thought to snow it stopped, which it did for a little bit here.
Yeah.
And I thought to myself, well gee what's the big deal about this?
This is gonna be another one of these false alarms where they predict a foot of snow and
we get like, you know, three, four inches.
But I'm looking on the radar and there's a whole new batch coming from the south, coming
straight up high.
Yeah.
Something was a really good idea for people to stay home today and stay off the roads and
don't go to school and don't go to school and don't go to work.
Right.
Well I'm not going to work by today.
I mean, it's fun.
It's my hobby, but you know, something's not worth dying for.
I'll gamble it up for the boat of us, the weather's great here.
No you won't.
Well I will gamble your kind of bow.
Bow why not?
Why not?
Well, send me some down to the boat.
Pretty soon I'm gonna be out there on the beach, you know, with a cup.
Spare some change.
How's it going, eh?
I'm sure they'll let you hang out down here, you know, at the trial.
I don't wanna hang out over there.
My dying days are not gonna be in Florida.
I'll tell you that right now.
There is no way, no way.
Even at death I'll never be old enough to be down there again.
You know, a day or two here and there, that's fine.
You know, get a little bit of stun, take a few things.
That's it.
Now that we've gotten that slot thing on here, which you know, wasn't really very exciting.
It wasn't a very noisy machine though.
No, it wasn't good.
Now let's go over to Gosti and they're analyzing all race six over.
Oh, you know, he's been missing three to one.
He'll be long gone by that time.
Yeah, for a second, got beat about two lengths.
So he's getting back into a condition race.
You know, this is where the races are from that I'm watching right now.
I mean, they just wouldn't just finished.
Oh, these are replaced?
I don't know.
The girl's screen replaced?
Probably.
Yeah.
Acquiduct.
Oh, aquiduct.
43 minutes to post.
I would get to say we're just showing you the, uh, replace from yesterday.
Well, it's easy.
We're not bet on those.
It's just going to take over this afternoon for minor's laps.
Got the number one saddle.
Tell me actually comes from post three because of the entry, the one A.
And then the one A, the one A, the one A, the one A.
Well, they're on the sixth race already analyzing.
I've got the entries here for the first two.
And again, I don't have the racing form.
So I really know information.
Three year old fillies in the first race.
Seven of them.
I only six.
What?
Steve slow just had to be a program.
No, not a program won't do you any good program.
It gives you the same information I got here in front of me.
Racing form is what you need.
Right.
Steve slow making it by your racing form because you're like, how do I?
I don't it probably by now there were probably cause two, three bucks at least.
I bet she's connected in here.
I bet you can swing one for free like this.
I think so.
I would sure hope so.
I mean, if we're going to be there promoting a Don handicap at Gulfstream tomorrow and
everybody come out and play the slots, it's just seem to me that that's the least is
bringing you a racing form.
Maybe some of you are, uh, maybe somebody already threw one on the ground and discussed
all.
It's kind of hard to do that.
I weren't happy for the first race.
Although, maybe they tried the handicraft.
I mean, they just couldn't come up with a winner.
Well, it's only a six horse field in the second race and you've got a six to five favorite
there with John Velasquez.
Wow.
Or just get that names and colors and stuff like that anyway, right?
No.
What do you mean names and colors?
No, we did not.
I bet Jockey's last time.
Names and colors.
Oh, look at that.
Pretty horse.
Uh-huh.
It's like that.
I told you the story a million times about these old ladies.
They must have been 150 years old.
It was at Finger Lakes Race Track.
I'm sitting there.
It's under the category of just keep your stupid mouth shut.
You fat old queen.
I was not old at this long time ago.
And they had a horse that was number two.
I'll never forget it was Thurabra Track Finger Lakes.
And number two, the name of the horse was Old English.
And then amazing.
This is a Zidney years ago.
Wow.
And I looked at the horse and I'm looking at the lines,
few lines and what I'm saying, did not finish,
bled, broke down.
And I'm looking at the board and the horse is 99 to 1.
And of course, what horse do they like when they come out
for the post braid?
Oh, look at that number two.
He looks so beautiful.
Look at that.
And we're going to go bed number two.
And I said, I open up a mouth.
You know, like a lady.
Just sit there and keep your mouth shut.
Don't tout anybody, OK?
Right.
I said, I don't want to like, you know,
I tried my own business, but I heard you
were going to go bed number two.
And he's 99 to 1 to long.
He shot on the board.
And the last two races, he bled and didn't finish the race.
Oh, thank you so much, Mr.
that's so nice of you.
We don't want to throw away our money.
Is that what I mean?
Of course, you know who won the race.
For the truth.
Yes.
And that's what I went and did.
I didn't come back anywhere near them after that.
99 to 1.
I hear how often a 99 to 1 shot comes in, like once every six
months, OK?
Maybe.
Oh, Hobby, I've already got some things on the three
and there's a sixth race.
Love you, Hobby, here.
But we're not going to be betting that race.
Oh, he's two to 1.
He's the morning line truck.
And we're going to look that up.
I think I'm going to Google it during the next break.
OK, the expression came from the favorite being a truck.
And then after that, you could explain icing.
Yeah.
We can explain why he was giving up hockey, OK?
The Leafs suck.
Nice to meet you.
You're a top.
Oh, my god.
They are so.
They're just pathetic.
But they prior law going forward all those years.
Oh, it's great button and other figure skaters.
Maybe they went to the book tonight to get some of those points.
We go to Brad Richards to get some post game reaction
after this lightning victory.
Hey, Brad, take your clothes off, Brad.
Come on.
Brad Richards, man, what an intense atmosphere was out there.
You don't see these guys.
We're not going to go ahead and see how they look.
We're not going to put everything.
We were ready to play tonight.
We got down a couple times where we kept coming back
and answered to a physical part of the game
and sport some goals.
Such a tough team.
We got to win some hockey games.
That's what Matt Sundino says.
We got to win some hockey games, but you're not so.
That's where it goes.
238 votes on our food, Nepal.
I still can't believe it.
Candies and lights.
But they're just doing that to aggravate me, don't you think?
No, no.
See, that's why you wanted to add sugar.
No, you're not the only one.
It's just that most people, you know, that's dessert.
That's, you know, not as f**king sure as steak.
Steaks always going to win these kinds of goals.
That's you fat diabetics throughout into candy and ice cream.
Right, Chris?
Uh-huh.
Don't, don't disturb the tour, okay?
They're going to be sawing his legs off any minute.
You watch.
Man, they're going to be flushing him down the tourlet.
More than a million Iraqis speaking of being flushed down the tourlet have died
as a result of a conflict in their country since the US later rac attack in 2003
according to research conducted by one of Britain's leading polling groups.
More than a million people have died in Iraq.
Not to mention the 4,000 American soldiers and who knows who else.
Who does Kelly?
The survey conducted by opinion research business with 2414 adults
and face-to-face interviews found that 20% of people have lost their lead
and at least one death in their household as a result of the conflict rather than actual causes.
The last complete census in Iraq conducted in 1997 found 4.05 million households in the country,
a figure ORB used to calculate that approximately 1.03 million people died as a result of the war.
ORB originally found that 1.2 million people have died but decided to go back to conduct more research in rural areas
to make the survey as comprehensive as possible and then came up with the revised figure.
The research covered 15 of Iraq's 18 provinces.
Those that were not covered include two of Iraq's more vulnerable regions,
Kerbala and Enbar, and the Northern Province of our bill where local authorities refused and may permit to work.
Estimates of deaths in Iraq have been highly controversial in the past.
Medical Journal of Lansing published a peer-reviewed report in 2004 stating that it had been 10,
100,000 more deaths than would normally be expected since the March 2000s reivasion kicking off a storm of protest.
The widely watched website Iraq Body Count, oh that's one of my favorites.
Currently estimates that between 80 and 88,000 people have died in the conflict,
although it's methodology and figures have also been questioned by US authorities and others.
So it's between 80,000 and a million.
It's like what you're going to leave a gall stream with today between 80 cents and a million.
The director of the group Alan Hyde said it had no objective under record exactly
where there's a number of deaths among the Iraqi populations without an invasion in the suing conflict,
ORB is an ungovernment-funded group founded in 1994, but a week for the boot put about.
And there's the man responsible, right? The fundamentals are strong.
The fundamentals are strong. You're crazy.
Crazy and you're looking at a bunch of butchers and murals, and McCain is even more of a hawk and a lunatic than this guy.
And Republicans say, oh we love John McCain, we just can't get enough of John McCain.
He's the king. He's the king. He's the king of my existence.
Maybe Gary Bane is riding this afternoon at the gall stream, although I'm not so sure he's still alive.
Anybody remember Gary Bane?
Who?
I see Josevales Jr. is riding over there in a Tampa, I believe, Jose.
He called my show once or twice over the years back when I was really a pocket.
All kinds of people, my consulate, all sorts of folks from racing and all over the world would call him.
Those were the days.
Now? No calls.
Yeah. You could have been a contender.
I could have been a contender.
And now that I'm trying to like hang on by my thumbnails with that miserable age share that we just had in last book.
I know.
Obviously, I'm a pocket player.
I've got a really can't doing everything in her power to like just sit on her fat ass and you know.
And live life is a professional queen. That's that's normal.
Oh, well this one said this and I got an email from that one and a.
I might as well.
When next December 31st comes, I might as well go to the balcony and take the mic out there.
We've talked about it. I can get a lot of my court.
Yeah.
And they have a problem.
Just jump.
Because Norma can't and trust me when I tell you, write this down in big bold letters.
Norma won't.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
You know, his name is Roger.
It's 4.560 QAM.
I think.
Fourth leader.
Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
I'm not a violent person.
Fighting movies don't fire up this dude.
But now my loins are burning.
With all these gladiators almost nude.
And the 300 trailer made me go.
To see them naked blow by blow.
I found a firm reason to see.
The movie 300 this week.
You failed.
I'll give you a stiff hard clue.
Yes, the reason is doomed.
Oh my gosh.
Are you kidding, Boots?
Mass, Swetty, Skin?
Write me in Tibet, but don't pull off that sword until you sing the song.
Why is it so rare?
Probably 1 in 560 WQM where we did a lot of dusting off all the old stuff.
So, I think you're a rostro would say yes.
You're not going to believe it.
I don't believe it.
And there they go.
By Ron, bygerone.
They showed up.
I wish I was.
Did you beat him up?
No, no.
They showed up for what purpose?
What other?
What a hassle and annoyance?
To touch the flesh.
To feel the flesh, to be near the flesh.
No, seriously, I'm asking you.
Can anybody in this station ever real conversational?
What do stalkers do?
What do stalkers do?
They stalk.
Well, how do you know who it was?
Are you kidding me?
You saw the guy.
You've seen pictures of them, right?
And first of all, they overcame the pros.
I heard them before I saw them.
Coming around the corner.
You know, doing a Gilbert tackle, coming around the corner.
And with the female friend, I said, there's nothing funny.
You get them to stop.
And then it's told them both.
I said, you know, if you don't want people to hate you,
all you got to do is nothing.
Nothing's easier to do than nothing.
Just do nothing, and people won't hate you anymore.
Stop.
And they said, cut the crap.
They didn't need to make anybody mad or anything like that.
I said, yes, you did.
Oh, give me a break.
They didn't need to make anybody mad.
Right.
Calling 85,000 times.
Sure.
Sure.
An hour.
But they were here and then they ran off.
They were here and what did they say?
They said, how long were they there?
During that commercial break.
During the length of that commercial break.
Yeah.
And I was on a phone call.
They made people up to the name.
They introduced themselves to you?
Oh, yeah.
We got a picture.
And you didn't shoot them?
Wait till you see.
I didn't bring my gun today.
Oh, well, wait.
If you want to have a collapsible baton, but, you know,
there are all these people here.
You know, witnesses, cameras everywhere.
So another one ran off?
They would arrest me.
It ran five times.
I'm out there saying hi to you and the interact with you and Shmoor.
Right.
Come on out to Gelspie.
And what we get is the chronics.
Just like the gravity eyes that you used to show up all the time.
Show up here.
What you wish for.
Oh, what you did to the bird was unconscionable.
What you did to the bird.
You know, lots of them.
You did this beautiful woman brought me giant bags of crack cocaine.
This time, that's what I get.
Run and more on.
Mm-hmm.
That's shocking.
I'm depressing.
Very depressing.
Let's see if they keep it up.
What do you mean?
Well, because I, you know, tried to plead my case very civilly to them.
Just cut the crap.
Think that it'll work.
Cut what crap?
We're not taking a long time.
Well, I mean, they're not going to be any calls anymore,
but I'll take someone on.
Oh, I see what you're saying, yeah.
Well, once you do the last two hours, it'd be good.
I can go take an nap.
And the good news is that that school was closed today.
So I, the nobody missed any school today,
thank God.
No, no foul.
Right.
And it could.
Yeah.
We had a four, that's 75%.
Woo!
Now, come on.
Give a credit where credit is.
I will.
I will.
When Senator Walsh would like to turn their whole lifestyle around and start getting up
really early in the morning.
Somebody used to like party all night in the sleep all day.
That's right.
When he brings that first paycheck home, I will throw a party down here for him.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
I'll pour it in.
Hey, Norma, you're driving me nuts.
You're making me very angry.
I'll be, you just talk to him.
Because you know I trust your judgment.
He's got a good looking guy.
So you're probably going to have good judgment with him.
Ryan Ross, Maddie Sauer, and Rhonda Schwartz
write this in ABC News.
Clinton remains silent as Walmart fought unions.
Write up your alley.
Since you hate Walmart so badly.
They do.
It hurt.
In six years to remember the Walmart voted directors
between 1986 and 1992, Hillary Clinton remains silent
as the world's largest retailer waiting to be called.
The Walmart was the largest and largest company
against labor unions seeking to represent store workers.
Clinton has been endorsed by more than a dozen unions
according to her campaign website,
which will make any reference to a role at Walmart
in its detailed biography over.
Walmart's anti-union efforts were headed by one of Clinton's
fellow board members, John Tate,
a Walmart executive vice president who also served on the board
with Clinton for four or six years.
Tate was fond of repeating as he did at a manager's meeting
in 2000 for after his retirement.
What he said was his favorite phrase,
labor unions are nothing but blood-sucking parasites,
living off the productive labor of people who work for a living.
Walmart says Tate's comments were his own
and don't reflect Walmart's views.
But Walmart founders Sam Walton and other company officials
often recounted how they relied on Tate
to lead the company's successful anti-union efforts.
In ABC News, amalization of the video tapes
at least four stockholder meetings were afloen the period show
she never once rose to defend the role of American labor unions.
The Tate's broadcast this morning on Good Morning America,
meaning yesterday, were provided to ABC News
from the archives of flag-ware productions,
a Kansas company, hired by Walmart to record its meetings
in events.
A former board member told ABCNews.com that he had no recollection
of Clinton defending unions during more than 20 board meetings held
in private.
The tape show Clinton in the role of a loyal company woman.
I'm always proud of Walmart and what we do in the way we do
a better than anybody else she said at a June 1990 stockholder's meeting.
Clinton wouldn't agree to be interviewed on the subject but now says
she no longer shares Walmart's values and believes unions have been
essential for our nation's success.
Rye!
The video tapes do show that Clinton used a role to push
for more environmentally friendly policies and better treatment of women.
We've got a very strong, well-known woman on our board.
Now her name is Hillary.
Said Walmart founder Sam Walton at a 87 stockholder's meeting
in describing Clinton's role in pushing for more women to be hired
in management positions.
Critics say Clinton's efforts produced few tangible results
and Walmart is not defending itself in a lawsuit brought by 16 current
and former female employees.
I don't doubt the sincerity of her efforts but we don't see much evidence
that conditions for women at Walmart changed much during the late 80s
and early 90s said Joe Sellers wanted a lawyer suing Walmart on behalf of the women.
Walmart declined to comment to ABCNews about the lawsuit that the company
has said previously it's confident it didn't discriminate against female employees.
Senator Clinton has recently sought to distance herself from Walmart.
In a campaign speech last year in New Hampshire she said,
now I know that Walmart's policies don't reflect the best way of doing business
and the values I think are important in America.
Now she knows now that she's running for president.
For Senate campaign we've turned a $5,000 contribution from Walmart
a pack, all the way to ABCNews.com discovered another 20 grand in contributions
from Walmart executives and lobbyists.
Clinton spoke to a person Howard Wolson said there was no basis to return that money.
According to your time, Senator Clinton means close ties to Walmart executives
through the Democratic Party and the tightly-knit Arkansas business community,
the May 20th 2007 article also reported that her husband, Bubba,
speaks frequently to Walmart's current chief executive,
H. Lee Scott Jr., and held a private intermeeting at the Clinton's New Year
Chrome July 2006 for him.
President Clinton defended his wife's role on the Walmart board last week after the issue was raised
by Barack Obama in a debate.
His wife did not try to change the company's minds about unions,
the former Arkansas governor said.
We lived in a state that had a very weak labor movement
where I always had the endorsement of labor movement because I did what I could to make it stronger.
She knew there was no way she could change that, not within the headquarter in Arkansas.
She agreed to serve President Clinton said.
In a written statement, Clinton spoke to a person Wolson said,
as President she'll fight alongside labor to promote the economic growth of America's middle class,
he said Clinton strongly believes Walmart workers should be able to unionize and bargain collectively.
He didn't directly respond when asked why she didn't quit the board over the company's anti-union efforts.
Walmart was Arkansas's largest employer when Sam Waltman has Clinton to join the board.
He said, as the first woman to join Walmart's board,
she worked hard to make it a better corporate citizen.
In his statement, Walmart's scrap senator Clinton is a valuable contributor
who pushed us to be a better company, a better bunch of grave robbers, a better bunch of lunatics.
Oh my god.
267, now what's the story?
You're watching me got 50 minutes supposed to tamp a dance for the first race
where the announcer race call it as a maniac, just screamer and yell or...
MAM! MAM! MAM! MAM! MAM!
Right? So your two friends are gone now?
Yeah, yeah, they were gone.
What past what? Are they here?
Oh, I don't want them to be there. I'm just saying they're gone.
Oh, Carla's pointed over to where they're at.
They're skulking around apparently.
Oh, they're still there lurking?
They're lurking.
Hi Ron! Hi Ron!
So you've seen Prozequion before?
Miguel had a picture of him that he emailed me back when.
Where did he get that?
He came to an appearance.
And Miguel snapped a shot at him.
I mean it's one thing that would be a crazy person on the phone.
It's nothing to actually come out and show yourself your person in public.
No, I don't have my stun gun.
With my taser or my real gun.
But I do have a responsible baton.
And it's a good thing I was on a phone call during that break.
Why is that?
Because otherwise I would have gotten a bottle of something
that would be at the back of a cop car right now.
And I would think we have a wireless mic with us.
Well, that would have been fun if you could call it on a cell phone again.
Sure. I could call it for the cell phone.
Well, you are a cell phone now. Thanks Brian.
And that was a good idea having you do to play that machine.
Even though it was terminal.
But it was an expensive but still I had a great time.
That's what it's all about, right?
You had a great time playing the machine?
Sure.
You're honest with me.
It's like two or three minutes. It's not like you hit anything good.
No.
Maybe I should go back to you again.
I'm 50 cents. I told you to take the 50 cents, baby.
Let me go try it again.
No. Well, you're going to blow another 20 bucks.
I don't have that machine now.
I don't play card machines.
Hey, listen.
I blow 20 bucks all the time routinely.
It's nothing to do.
And I? Well.
No comment.
No comment.
Blow chokes.
Yeah, that's what I'm ready to do right now.
I'll tell you.
270 votes on a full and candy is still left.
What's the food you absolutely can't do without candy is only got seven votes.
Like I said, more for me.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
The goal is in the market.
Sportage of 5.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
Demand.
The you.
Yeah.
Lonely but can't get to an airport in Men's Room.
Then call 1900 Larry.
And you feel like you're in the next stall.
I'm a fairly wide guy.
Call 1900 Larry to your boy.
I tend to spread my legs when I lower my pants.
How long before the honky hypocritical Larry Craig satisfies your every need?
Paul Mininer 2 at the most.
Oh, he's good.
And how often should you call?
Almost weekly.
We agree.
So, resign yourself to your fantasies and call 1900 Larry now.
Men who may know women please.
I don't do those things.
From 18 and it's not what we heard.
He's got a wide stance.
You know what he means?
A wide stance in his pants when he lowers his pants.
You're going to be excited about this story.
Are you there?
Hmm.
Don't know what happened.
What's this happening to George?
I did not know.
Maybe he got into a brawl with those two retards.
I mean, I was on the phone.
What do you mean you were on the phone?
I was on the phone.
Sorry.
It's a very important call.
About what?
Sex.
Oh, well, that's okay.
Thank you.
Like I said, you're going to be interested in this story.
What's the good thing you're listening to now?
Get off the phone.
Right.
The WSVN's parent company, some being television, is in a fight to keep from being forced to move out of the current studios in North Bay Village.
Our former next door neighbor's baby.
Right.
That cheeps us skate at Anson.
They ran a five minute story twice during the news yesterday,
regarding the developer who bought the adjacent WIOD property,
and their plans to erect a two story, or to erect two 21-story condo buildings,
eliminating all of WSVN's parking spaces, along with the main driveway,
which is on the developer side, effectively forcing Channel 7 to move out or close up shop.
Wow.
How the mighty have fallen, baby.
In 2005, a circuit court and an appellate court sided with Sunbeam TV,
and forcing a contract they signed with WIOD in 1962,
which forbids either of the two parties from making property modifications about prior approval from the other side.
Despite that court decision, however, the developer is proceeding with the plans,
North Bay Village's zoning board has approved these plans,
and a season five to vote with Mayor Keller stating on camera that they're not going to let the court opinion
influence their decision.
Whatever that means.
This week Sunbeam went back to the court's estimate to enforce the previous court order,
and at Anson says they'll have no choice but to file a lawsuit against the city itself
if it makes the decision before the legal issues have been resolved.
He also said he wants to be reasonable and work out a compromise with the developers
so they could build some condos on some of the property.
Don't be messing with that, Anson.
Okay, he'll be sending that team of reporters to your neighborhood.
Right.
Nine minutes to post time at the product,
and less than that at a Tampa Bay.
What do we got at Tampa Bay?
Don't know what the product is.
Tampa Bay is always pouring cats and dogs, man.
I said that.
I said that.
They've got ice pellets.
How can it be 44 degrees they've got ice pellets?
Can you answer me that, Mr. Amish?
You're wrong, just sure I can.
Because it's colder where the ice pellets developed and formed and they don't melt just yet.
In other words, they fall from the sky from a much colder, higher atmosphere.
They don't melt just yet.
Yes, they don't melt eventually, but they're falling faster than they're melting.
Boy, oh boy, it's nasty.
I love that.
I love a sloppy-day-if-the-track.
The track is sloppy.
And the half of the entry, the one, one is scratched, the one is still in, the three is six to five.
That's happier, castelano.
Boy, that's my boy, have you.
Do something about those zits, sweetheart, but he's a wonderful jockey.
He's good.
And he looks good, too.
Oh, Neil, you bet on jockeys because they're cute.
I don't bet on anybody.
I don't believe in gambling.
It's against my religion.
What are you thinking, dude?
I have the super.
I have the super.
Oh, boy, you know something.
I would actually make the effort of writing that book.
You're always telling me out the right.
I know nobody would worry about it.
I would enjoy it.
Hey, it's all about marketing anyway.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I'm going to give you a market.
When you're marketing the way that I've been marketed the last several years,
well, wow, both by my agent and by this Aradio Estacion.
I think I'm going to send over the weekend with Saint Jolly Joe Bell, an email.
A conciliatory email saying, let's kiss and make up.
And, you know, for about twice what I was making before, I'll consider I'll think about it.
All right.
I mean, if he's going to make me an absurd offer, why shouldn't I make him a absurd one of them?
You know Dan well that they, I mean, they're just playing games with me, don't you think?
No, no, I think they want to fail.
No, they don't want to fail.
They had a party to celebrate our ratings last night.
And, oh, Neil Rogers was number one midday.
He promised he'd come down here with something freezes over.
That was the line.
Wasn't that the line?
That would be it.
Yeah, T right burger told me this before the show this morning.
He's actually a little animated before the show started.
But once we get on the air, he is Mr. Non-Committal.
Huh?
Yeah, see what I mean?
It's all right.
You're doing a fine job.
We appreciate whatever it is you're doing.
I'm trying to get him hooked on Coke.
Don't be doing that to a fat guy for crying out loud.
You'll lose weight.
You'll lose him away from him.
Yeah, right up.
Yeah, and it'll kill him.
That's what I think it was.
Fat people, you want to kill him.
I don't want to lose.
I don't want to be like a crazy.
He doesn't look like ice pellets to me at the aqueduct.
I don't know.
One thing about horse racing, man.
Yeah, with the track, it's dangerous.
And the drive-in.
By the way, the beautiful...
Beautiful thing.
They have a lot of outdoor seating down here in the right in front of where we're at.
Yeah, it's a beautiful thing to go to golf.
In the afternoon, tomorrow's the big...
Yeah, it's a big, uh, Don handicap.
One of the big races.
Nice breezes.
And they got the slots on the inside.
I think next time I come down here, I'm going to go and, uh, partake.
I'm going to go to Pompe-no-M, I'm going to go to golf stream.
Maybe even Mardi Gras.
Here comes the bunny.
And there goes your money.
I like the dog races.
It's fun.
It's a diversity for a person like me.
What?
It's never been to the dog races.
I just can't believe it.
You've been down there most of your life, right?
Boy, it looks like we've got a white out.
I'm looking outside inside.
It's because of the, um...
The what?
It's because it's like foggy and smoggy.
That's because it's snowing right at the moment.
I'm trying to think of a word for.
Crapie.
Schmitty.
Right.
Overcast.
A crappy day.
Oh, and that's just overcast.
It's nasty.
And there's some really bad stuff on the way.
I think you ought to do the last hour and a half.
Although I hope that we get ready.
It's only two minutes away from, uh...
I think to get us in the mood.
Although this isn't going to work out.
Well, we can do the break whenever we want to do it.
Right, right?
That's what the lump says.
We can do it whenever we want.
Exactly.
What are you asking about, man?
Oh, uh, Carlos has been making the funny face over here.
So, um...
About one.
Did you...
Well, I don't know what it was about.
He just stuck his tongue out and bugged his eyes out.
Is it, Derek?
Yeah.
Probably about one.
I'm looking at the program over here.
If you picked a horse for me, because I'm just based on names.
I like George Huff.
It's too soon, man.
It's too soon, man.
I thought it was racist.
One, fifteen minutes.
Almost an hour away for Cranowlow.
And at the last time he went out there, what did we do from 10 to noon?
Because you were only there noon to two.
Just this.
Just what we're doing right now.
We talked.
No, but I'm...
No, Bob.
I was asked from 10 to noon.
You weren't there last time.
You were.
You were?
There was a whole show.
Then why did you say before we started at noon last time?
What are you talking about?
No, they opened it noon last time.
So there were already people around me.
But this place opened the time.
Maybe now that the public has rejected and repudiated our former fat ass government said,
take all your BS and go back to Tallahassee with a banjo on your knee, Jeb.
You lunatic.
Oh, here's the post-parade at the moment.
There's seven heads, princess.
Oh, they got this.
I'm not saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
Let me kick you in the corner.
Let me kick you in the corner.
Let me kick you out.
Let me kick you out.
Let me kick you out.
Let me kick you out.
Let me kick you out.
Let me kick you out.
Let me kick you out.
Let me kick you out of my belly.
Where are you going?
It's going to be here since March 30.
dt's going to be here since March 3rd,
oh god, I came home.
it's going to be here since March 25th.
It's going to be here since March 30th.
It's going to be here since March 2nd.
Come on open that hit that button you idiot
Not you the star come on hit the button open a gate spring them loose. Send them on their way
It is now post time
Pretend that Meefow is there okay punching his guts out
Come on you can do it hit it start it and
And they're showing the they have one angle on the starting gate. It's true a bunch of like eucalyptus trees
Is that what those are? Yeah, I'm watching them as well. Is that what those are you?
Eucalyptus tree what that's pump what they got the split screen and
See this is what I mean about getting the race start they go through a bridge and
They're off
Jigger was away and they on the other side with lucky dragon
Now moving up from between or sister struck bow
Western Kingston is away with a tough flight and far back and nearly going in shing
They move out of the seven for dogs shooting onto the main track jigger now has the lead along the way a star struck bow
Moves through now sick and Western Kingston on the outside and clutch hitter is advancing from between orses
Then it's two and a half lengths fight about what word is your first plan?
Up between orses salty and ruthless up on the far outside is truly amazing
Then it's five lengths farther back to shing and far back is devil and the dirt looks to me like the one three for North to go
It's jigger and Pablo Morellas
On the lead by three
Touch it or was on the chase
Come on
Western Kingston on the outside is there
Two and a half lengths farther back to Chris Gold being set down for the drive for it
Shing is for the brand trying to overcome the bad start on the far outside as they turn into the stretch
It's jigger still with the name no more
Tenster now moves
Inside the final
And clift gold will do to the end it's shing and preschool
Heads of bike
Prevails over shing salty and with my friends
Kingston both to the outside and finishes for it. Wow. That horse that bolted man. I was like that was John Bolton
And where is that sugar?
It's Friday
i'm fine
You for
All
So
Everything
I can say out of no by now
No one gives a crap about any of that
It's a talent that brings us all mine
Maybe that's all there's gonna be out
The talent is losing out
And buddy if they screw it up, then I...
Tune in out...
Healing Rick and such are what we're missing in door
But maybe that's never been better
But all you'll ever see on that knee are on the billboard
It's the coast or the sports or the weather
It's always hang cold for your sunny version
Gozy gg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg
They oughta know by now
No one ever listens to that other crap
It's the talent that keeps the plays running
And if that's all there's gonna be out
The talent is losing out
And buddy if they screw it up, then I...
Tune in out...
Well, tune it out...
Now you watch in the... on a monitor there...
Oh, look at that, you see that horse...
Whoa!
Yes, he got spook baby band
Earlier in the race I was watching
Listen, after that last phrase, watch what you say after that
And he was talking on the ear there during this last break
That was me and it wasn't on the ear, it was down the carless
It was on the ear, I heard it
No, you heard it, but it wasn't on the ear
He said that carless is an a-hole or something like that
Yes, I heard it out loud
304 hodon a pole
I'm not gonna read yourself to later on
Because we got that big race coming up at 115 and another 140 or something
Thank you Steve
What Steve bringing, what do you do for you?
Beer, more beer
You got any more beer huh?
You know, we need to...
You know, Steve's a good guy that fiasco that had a good one with his fall
You know, why?
He had a conversation about that
Remember the whole thing, the reason that you think that he's a long head in the first place
That was at his fault
You know, the thing with that restaurant in the beginning, he's a really big guy
Steve's slow and he's keeping it in here
That's true, it's about time we got somebody in the sales department
He's not even from North Carolina, is he?
No, he's not, so his days are probably numbered
He won't be here long
He's conscientious and he's not from RAW
Has he known any Jews?
He's doomed
Well, he's a...
He's Jewish
He is?
He is
Steve's slow and he's Jewish and he's still working there at Qion
You're not from longness
Don't let that point out of it
Don't let this go in from North Carolina find out
An undersea cable carrying internet traffic was cut off the Persian Gulf Emirate of Dubai
Officials said today
The third loss of a line carrying internet and telephone traffic in three days
The world is coming to an end
Ships have been dispatched to be paired to undersea cables damaged on Wednesday off Egypt
The ships were expected to reach the side of the break on Tuesday
with repairs completed by February 12th
Steven Becker and an analyst with the telegeography research company
that consults on global internet issues
said those cables were likely damaged by ships anchors
Those dangerous anchors
The loss of the two Mediterranean cables
Flag telecoms, flag Europe Asia cable
and CME-WE-4
CME-WE-WE-4
A cable owned by a consortium more than a dozen telecom companies
Says, Stout internet and phone traffic from Egypt to India
Officials said Friday was unclear what caused the damage to flies
Falcon cable about 50 kilometers off Dubai
A repair ship was on route
Eric Skunov, we're a senior analyst with telegeography
said the Falcon cables designed on a ring system
enabling traffic to be more easily routed around damage
It's on a ring
Thing
Becker's stressed of all the problem created a big pain for many carriers
It didn't compare to the several months of disrupting the East Asia in 2006 after an earthquake
Damaged seven undersea cables near Taiwan
Skunov said a similar internet problem couldn't happen in the US
We have all the content here
He said it's not going to be further than we won't get the BBC
Let me see if I can get the BBC
OK
Well, maybe they're making it up
BBC
What's going on there on the track?
Can you see the track from where you are just in mind?
Just a little piece of it
There's a couple doors here
There's a lot of people in English crap we can't get the BBC
What kind of a lion sack?
They got the tractor smoothing it up the track
Right now, the tractor is, I should say
BBC is just fine by the way
So don't believe this Skunov are guy
So you can see the track
I can see the track but it's like I don't have this huge view of it
You know, it's got this little window over here
There's nothing going on between races as far as horses coming out
And warming up for later race like in harness racing
For warms, how about some dancing girls in between races?
They ought to
I'm just throwing suggestions out there
If they want to get in
They're going to be better than Helen Dale, some old dancing girls
Sure
There's some of the room here with me
Old dancing girls?
Yeah
They're just old ladies, old yinthas
Is there any old yinthas there from Helen Dale?
Maybe Sunny Rosenberg's there
Maybe his mother, she's 145
A little louder, everyone's got to hear this
What?
You're fairing
Sunny Rosenberg, hope they're in dread, how do you like that?
That should be them, Lord, yeah
For, in honor of Helen Dale, we'd better play all the Helen Dale but see you there
I don't know if it's real
I'm sorry, love Helen Dale, don't fight
This is no magic, it's 4.00 and you're 5.60 km
The fourth leader
It's the 12th Friday, you bastards
They're not cheesecake
Oi, it's making them eat shit
All of your folks are fiddin' mom
The check in the CDs
No, they never say please
Just waiting for the early bus special to come
I'm dying out of here
Wasting, waking, and good old hiding
Searching for the false teeth they left in a glass
And how near they claim that there's a talk host to play
But they know, they're good
Is their own damn fault
The shoving in my
To get the early baranget
They're pushing just as hard as they can
And once they are seated
They get on the heated
And start stuffin' rolls and sweeten low in their bags
Wasting away, a kid in good old hiding
Looking for that long lost power on you
And how did it say that it's a ball of trunks a day
But for some
And end up mind the blues
Your folks don't know the reason
Why nothing is pleasing
The muscles they can not teach just don't fit
But what doesn't matter
When they call up kneeling chatter
I hate you kneeling never listen to your shun
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
And wasted away, a kid in good old hiding
Just to fuck some metal music, let them wait
And how they're they claim that it's a talk host to play
But they know
They just can't wait for the sho
And how they're they claim that it's a talk host to play
But they know
They just can't wait for the sho
And died, and died, and died, and died, and died, and I'm here
Pro 49, it's 11 to 1560 WQ
We got George out of Gulf Stream to damage
A thousand of our listeners have combined today
George, back to you two in the first race
Several have not thousands, but you know
Did they give you any tips yet?
Half a dozen
No, no tips
Gift?
Gift?
Like what?
DVDs, hats, drugs, and all kinds of things
Like I've got flashed
Oh, no
Yeah
By a guy no doubt
No
Oh really?
So what's wrong with that?
Nothing
If you have 117 votes in our food pool, look at the result eventually
I don't know, I'm depressed about it
This candy still in last place, and ice cream
Isn't doing that well either, it's third last
Now do you really believe that?
Yeah
There's something wrong, and I don't buy it
Too many people are not sure what it is
They're going to think that these refined carbs, man
We addicted
I'm obsessed
Speaking of hell in the middle, by the way, just printed out a really interesting story from Forbes.com
America's most miserable cities
Hell in the middle?
No
So, I was going to say, these people all seem pretty chipper here
Well, that's because they don't live there, I'm sure
You think the people over there at the track live in hell in the middle?
Yeah, they look like they do
Why, they're all over the age of 100
Uh-huh
Oh, like I said
I'm going to say that all of them must be from the hood
They hate
Now let's see, let me take a look and see what the, uh, thing here, I'm sure on the, uh, 421
There it is, Gulf Stream
Oh, even money on the one gets the early money
Even money on the one?
Woo!
Oh, and the five of scratch in the first race
Olive oil with Elvis Trujillo
Elvis is left the building
And what was the horse that I, uh, liked?
I didn't like any of them
Edgar Prado, the four, he's two to one
What, what does it mean to track his, oh, I, is, this can't be the right race
Oh, there it is, he's seven to two to the two, the two's
What does it mean when the track is sealed?
You're asking me?
That's that holly track, I, I have no idea what that means
It just came up on the screen or something
Yeah, well don't worry about it
Alright, I have no idea
You're asking me about the purf, the racing, and conditioning stuff like that
That's like on the turf as yielding, you know?
And the, uh, track is sealed
What?
Oh, turf
turf
grass
grass
grass
Yeah, grass
The one is even money, and look at that, he's three to one in the morning line
trained by Martin Wilson and written by Carlos Olivera
Diamonds in the sky
Woo!
Oh, we got twenty-two minutes to post that
I was going to attend it at Backwheel to double
Huh?
The Backwheel, the
What's the track?
That's the five
So, I've never did look that up chalk
I like the chalk here
Six to five in the morning line with John Velasquez in a six horse field
What's not to lie?
Although Cornelia Velasquez is on the at two and she's six years old
She's only six year old in the race, but nevertheless
Yeah, maybe we'll do that
But then if the one wins, if it comes like a one in five, uh, double
It's going to pay like about five bucks
And the Backwheel it causes going to cost you, uh, twelve bucks
What does that mean?
That means like you're betting the daily double, okay?
Okay
And you're betting Backwheel means you're taking the horse in the second race
and playing with all the horses in the first race
So no matter who wins the first race, you're still alive if your horse wins the second race
You get the daily double
Well, the backsteep slow
You hope her long shot in the first race, what?
Steve's not in the set like, yeah, of course
How come that doesn't make any sense to you?
Steve knows what I'm talking about
He's going into the track
If he's Jewish, he's been to the track
Sure
He's also been in Hellendil if he's Jewish
He knows all these people
Oh, boy!
They're all waving at him as they come in
So what do you think of my idea of Backwing the chalk in the second race?
Yeah, that's great, that's still the note that means we're going to be stronger
And then you bet, all you're going to bet is twelve bucks
That's fun, I got that
And then you can bet the other eight bucks on that stupid machine there that you lost your twenty bucks on
Oh, it's a good machine, man!
It's a sound like crap to me
Don't, don't, if you want to play cards, go play cards
Go to the poker room
Right?
You like your poker, you know
I will
But, uh, maybe it's the...
You want to play a slot machine, find something that's like Slotsy, you know what I mean? Slotsy
Slotsy?
Imagine living in the city with the country's highest rate of violent crime
And the second highest unemployment rate is an added kicker
You need more super fund dollars allocated to your city to clean up contaminated toxic waste sites than just about any other metro area
Unfortunately, this nightmare is a reality for residents of Detroit
Huh?
The motor city grams, the top spot, informs in augur list of America's most miserable cities
What have I always told you?
Ever been to Detroit? No, don't
Don't even think about it
Misery is defined as a state of great unhappiness and emotional distress
The economic indicator most often used to measure misery is the misery index
The inexplicated by economist Arthur Oken adds the unemployment rate to the inflation rate
It's been narrowed seven to nine rates for most of the past decade
But it was over twenty during the late seventies
There also exists a misery score, which is some of corporate personal employer and sales tax in different countries
France took the top spot with a score of 166.48
Thanks to a top rate of 51% on personal incomes and 45% for employer social security
But there are other things that cross Americans misery
So we decided to expand on the misery index and the misery score to create our very own Forbes misery measure
We're sticking with unemployment and personal tax rates
Writing for more factors that can make people miserable
Commute times, weather, crime and toxic waste dump in your backyard
We looked at only 150 largest metro areas which meant a minimum population of 371,000
We ranked the cities on the sixth criteria above and added the ranks together to establish what we call the misery measure
Detroit's in the top spot, its sister city Flint is ranked third
If Detroit were a baseball team we'd say they're in a slump, since Burling
Both Detroit and Flint are suffered tremendously for the auto industry downturn
Flint's fight was immortalized in Michael Moore's movie Roger and me
Which chronicles Moore's attempts to meet with General Motors executive Roger Smith
Crime and unemployment are close to the length of corn to sproling but
Our three most miserable places bear that out
Stockton, California's number two, Detroit one, Flint three
All three are among the eight worst cities in terms of both unemployment and violent crime
One is up to six to five now at the Gulf Stream
Somebody put some serious money on the beginning
Now are these odds the attract odds or these the Canadian pool?
Can you see the odds board?
Yeah, what are we looking for though?
Number one, six to five under one, three to one under two
Which one Carlos pointed?
Yeah, okay, I see it
Fifteen to one under three
Suggest five?
What?
Six to five under one
Six to five under one
Yes
And just one right here we're looking at the same range
Yes, yes, yes, yes
The US has two biggest cities, both induced autonomous
In New York where the fourth most miserable was L.A. clocked in at six
As the financial capital of the world and home to write down Kings Merrill Lynch and city group
New York appears poised for more misery in 2008
The people of La La land has found the best weather in the US but scored poorly when it came to commute times
Superfund sites and taxes
And we didn't even factor in air quality where L.A. is the worst of the nation by far
The biggest surprise on the misery listed Charlotte North Carolina ranked nine
Oh, that tells us a lot
What about Raleigh?
Yes
The drug is undergone tremendous economic growth in the past decade
The population is sort of 32% but the current picture isn't as bright
Employment growth hasn't kept up with population growth meaning unemployment rates are up more than 50% compared with ten years ago
Charlotte scored in the bottom half of all six categories
It scored worse down violent crime ranking on 140
So take hearty towards the net alone after all it says
Misery loves companies
What's the biggest name?
The best out here is neurologist
4.25.60 QAM
The sports leader
Corresponding to the Spanish
Since Fira's leader has won the Tasha in I know you'll have to look for motion squarer
Instead we listen to the neurologist's fair and balanced one to two hour
There to Miami Cup for the hot new beans
There are the streets fighting crime
They pop at the handicap space there
In Helen Dale's eyes
We get a problem, the grey gang is up to the old tricks
Lieutenant and at the group of senior citizens are one around trying to get the early bird special after seven
Yeah, they're back and down
Let's go get them
Hail stop it nothing, clean up the streets
Hey lady, you can't cross here, you'll have to cross in the light
They're determined to clean up the smuggling business
Alright, sister, you're under arrest
Oh, so now you're arresting my wife for the charge
Session of power, I'm gonna first tell you that wife stuff
Yeah, just a thought, she's got over 100 bags in here
Of what?
Sweet and low, from that restaurant she just came out of
Let's take a minute
Here's their killer in Miami Cup
Son of hot new beans
In Helen Dale's eyes
To be ring this phone on MBC
102 at 560 W.C.M. Direct from Helen Dale, it's little George
Who sounds like he's on the Uranus
Well, drunk
No, you're really sound far away now
I'm sorry
340 votes on your clothes
I'll get closer
We're gonna make that bet in a minute here
I'm gonna add a little something to it
And you're gonna bet 18 bucks
Alright
I can't Steve my money, he's gonna render the winter
Oh, okay
But he, yeah, here's a pen Steve
Are you wondering who goes down?
Here goes some paper
No, he's just getting ready
He got paper, alright, he's gonna, he's gonna, like he's got his headphones on
And he's gonna do whatever it is that you say
You're not gonna make a lot of money, you're gonna, uh, back wheel the five
Like when I go to work
Double, what?
Like when I go to work, you listen to a lot of money
$2 daily double, you're gonna back wheel the five
Which is okay
I mean, all five
God, Steve approves of that for some reason
Someone who, uh, and
And, and the next year, $2, 1, 5, 2, 5, 4, 5, and 6, 5
Because that's the right, because the devil's not gonna pay squat
If the five wins
He's nodding like that made some sense to him
What are you going?
So maybe you'll pay your money back
So there's 18 bucks and he's got it and that's it
Okay, let's take that for both of us
Steve is gonna go lose your money, I mean, making some money
I don't know, I have no racing for him
I'm just looking at names and I just, when I'm only 65
And in the morning, mine is, as much as I detest Chas
Listen, I came out, I had last time
Right
We're one for one
And then you got that 20 bucks you lost and that's stupid machine
Yeah, I made it up and boozed enough food
Well good
I hate to chalk almost as much as I hate Wolf Blitzkrieg
Anyway, they're on their, uh, look at this
They're, uh, hyperventilating
Why are they wrong?
A lot of Americans disagree
And thanks, uh, that we need to move forward with new leadership
So that's why we're having this contest
I don't know if I've ever had kicker ass baby
Get up and smack her right in the side of the head
What's the food you absolutely cannot live without?
Be for a steak 103
Now I'll grant you, I love my cheeseburgers
Man, I love a great steak like a Ruth Chris like that
I never make steaks here myself, any more
I used to
But, what up?
I don't know
You got that flavor wave?
Mm-hmm
I don't want it
I don't want it
But if I had to choose, in other words, if that's something I had to give up, I could do it
Okay
But not the audience, be for steak 103, bread 50
If I never had another piece of bread in my life, I could do it
Five horses scratched the second race
The five horses scratched in the second race?
That's right
Oh no, the chalk
I looked it up, by the way, I can't figure out why they used the hand
And the three horse
The three end, so it's a four horse race?
What kind of race is that?
Four horse race
Did you bet anything?
Uh, go back something
What do you mean?
Told Steams, go back something
Well, let's take the two, okay, with Cornelio Velazquez and the second race
All right, you got it?
So let's back wheel the two
You know what I want to say about this?
What?
I'll tell you in just a second, I'll find it
Okay, here it is
It screws up all my arrangements
Right
So back wheel the two
Everybody's betting on the four
And bet the extra doubles with the two, uh, one and two, two two, four, two, six two
Okay?
Just something about the two for the five
Because now with the five out, the two will be probably heavy favorite in the second race
It's like I know you're speaking English
And Steve understands it
Yeah, well that's all accounts, he's a nice good woman with the bet
As long as he brings it back all true, okay, all two are in those extra four
18-watt tall, tanned woman just walked by
Well great, there's Hillary, she's not beautiful or taller, tall
You're going to work for the children's defense
Oh, god
Okay, food you absolutely can't live without beef steak, bread, pizza's third with 37
I'll go along with that, I can live without it, but I do like it
And I can only eat the topping, although once in a while I eat the crust and I shouldn't
And my blood sugar goes, of all the foods that I eat
That's in, uh, blood sugar skyrocketing faster and more dramatically pizza, it's in the crust
Oh, it's a meat!
It's the crust in your underwear man, seafood 30
Eh, fruits 29, get outta here, fruits 29
Like what?
Like what?
Like an apple of banana?
Oh wow, kiwi's like pomegranates
Pasta 25
Chicken 22
Chicken Fee
Yeah, if I never saw another chicken it would be too soon
Vegetable 17, ice cream 14, more people would rather give up ice cream than vegetables
That's, you see what I'm saying?
Yeah, that's this poll is just like, just to piss me off as well, too
I can tell
I think so
Ice cream 14, bacon 11 and candy 9
8, 8, last place candy
They can take it or they can, especially right
8 votes out of 354
Now what do we have on the first poll?
We did over a thousand when I schmit candy
1044
The lump says we did 1044
And 354
8, stop laughing every time I say that
1398 to where you're 14 and you're licked
What's so funny about that?
He's the lump, that's all, I mean it's not a bad thing, he knows it
I'll give you the first set of candy
I want to do it, what?
Huh?
Yeah.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Wooo!
Okay, let me get off a scene here.
Why did I go back to see it?
I don't know.
Let me go back to see it.
I'm in the match and I got a couple of tickets here.
Four horse racing.
What do they say?
Tell me what they say to make sure we have the right tickets.
Make sure Steve is here.
Which is the first one, Steve.
This one here is the first one.
It says like, there's a star one through four.
Six, seven.
Slash two.
Which is Steve on here.
Yeah, right.
Two, six bets, $12.
And then next one there's four bets, $8.
Two dollars on the one and the two, the two and the two, the four and the two, the six plus two.
Like that.
Right.
Okay.
We got it right.
When you've actually been in another two bucks, you know.
At no point did Steve make a confused face or anything like that.
Like he just knew as we're talking about it.
Oh, we're talking about the exotic gambor.
Okay, not even down right now.
Not only like he understood but approved.
Even with the two horse?
I have no information.
All I got is the name of the horse, the Jackie and the post-business.
All I've got.
And the trainer and, you know, who his brother-in-law was.
Like that.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
He's a real Roger.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
I think sports leader.
Because step on a race because it's only two minutes to post time for race one at Gulf Stream.
And you're rooting for the six by the way.
You want to release it?
Yes, you want?
Because you've been just having a committee meeting over here.
The Jews explained to me that I'm rooting for the six.
Right.
Because the six is 11 to 1.
If he wins, it's going to be decent double.
Apparently you all grow up knowing how to do this at home.
Like dad teaches you and everything.
I see.
It's right after Dratol class.
Wow, difficult.
Is it for Krona?
No, no.
I don't look at this stuff.
I don't know what to do over here.
And a minute to post time.
I don't know why we're watching this aqueduct craft.
It must be that the New York bias.
Oh, now Tampa Bay down.
They got 11 minutes to post.
Here's the viewer.
And they're not playing the audio.
Oh, there we go.
He put his lips up through but nothing happened.
He put your mouth up.
I'll probably get the real time.
I was just okay.
It says, the teacher asks your students if they're Dalton fans.
All the hands go up except for one student.
Okay, Bobby.
What team are you a fan of?
The Patriots?
Lies dad.
Well, my parents are both Patriot fans.
So I'm Patriot fans too.
That's not a good answer, Bobby.
If your parents were both morons, would you be a moron too?
No, that would make me a Dalton's fan.
That's going, Bobby.
That's cute.
I like that a little bit.
Here's a poll idea from one of our fairly regular pollsters.
Never buy discount or generic blank.
Toilet paper.
Cute tips.
Coffee.
Meat.
Mirror one or soda.
Generic or discount.
Meat.
Oh, my God.
Monster, I'm an old cow.
He was hanging around.
Yeah.
He's an old horse.
He's a monkey.
Bigger than a horse.
What?
I'm obvious to buy the meat and the opaque wrapper.
He opened it up and it's green.
Oh, yeah.
I don't want to say what chain that was from, right?
Uh-huh.
We know what it was.
But it rhymes with spixy.
Aided.
So anyway, we've still look at a Tampa Bay down.
I don't care about Tampa Bay.
I don't want to hear about a screaming crazy announcer.
What we would like to do, oh, they're just showing their horses as they're coming out.
Right.
Which means absolutely nothing.
Oh, you know, if you look at them, look.
But I don't love those people who are experts.
They can look at an animal to see how it's feeling.
Hey.
Body language and the tail is in the ear.
And it just dropped a big load on the track.
Oh, yeah.
I hate their horses.
I hate their horses.
I hate their horses.
I hate their horses.
I hate their horses.
There is the eight.
We got two more to see.
Now, what's happening there by you?
Because they're not showing me girls doing yet.
They will.
I'm saying that they're whatever they call it when they're going into the stalls.
They're going in.
They're already going into gate.
They're going into the gate.
Yes, that's what it means.
Oh, no.
Okay, we've seen the 10 horses at Tampa.
Now, you idiot.
It's a TRN.
Take this down.
And let's see Gulf Stream.
Now, you're, like I said, there's no pressure on you because no matter which horse wins,
you're alive.
You know what that means?
Yes.
Which horse wins?
You still got there.
There is this Gulf Stream.
They're going in.
They're really not going in.
They're at the gate, but they're not going in the gate.
They're acting.
And by the way, this lady is loud.
And she has to be loud for this crowd.
Oh, yeah.
They ignore the trucking.
Just double half a won the next one.
Yeah.
Two-four--four.
Shorty Putth.
What is she hopping on?
Shorty Pots.
Shorty Poths.
Sweet little rows.
It's made from 21 .
Beautiful little rows with Ariel Smith.
Shorty Guethy.
Sweet little rows.
And squirrels Karolina.
Karolina Karolina.
What are you say?
Karolina, I say Karolina.
Okay, they're all here.
They're off.
They're off.
They're just at that.
Sweet little rose is going to the front.
All the way back to the lane.
And the side is away well.
And first Carolina broke third.
And shorting off.
And then it'll break.
And then inside diamonds in the sky.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
And the trailer is going to be on the way.
He's been dead a long time.
He's been dead a long time.
He's been dead a long time.
He's been dead a long time.
He's been dead a long time.
He's been dead a long time.
He's been dead a long time.
He's been dead a long time.
He's been dead a long time.
He's been dead a long time.
He's been dead a long time.
He's been dead a long time.
He's been dead a long time.
He's been dead a long time.
He's been dead a long time.
He's been dead a long time.
He's been dead a long time.
For who later became, the highest ranking priest sanctioned by the Vatican for Sexual Abuse has died.
He was 87, more than old enough.
Members of the Legion of Christ had Massiel died yesterday of Wednesday of natural causes in Houston,
where he'd been living with other priests in a group home, and a group grove.
In 87 years of life, Father Massiel dedicated his entities to fulfill the mission God entrusted to him to continue the evangelizing mission of the Church,
according to a statement from the Order.
He never met an altar boy he didn't like.
Massiel thought of the Legion of Christ in 1941, and saw a growing influence with school seminaries and thousands of lay followers in 22 countries.
The group's traditional has bent on the fierce loyalty to the papacy made him a favorite of Pope John Paul the tooth.
Critics charged that Vatican officials protected Massiel against the series of abuse allegations for decades.
How unusual.
What a novelty.
In May 2006, after Joseph Rassinger became Pope Benedict XVI, the Vatican punished Massiel after an internal investigation into allegations,
that he abused more than 20, and less than 100 victims, including seminarians and boys in his care.
Massiel repeatedly denied the charges.
Vatican officials didn't say Massiel committed the crimes he was accused of, but ordered him to refrain from public ministries and adopt a life of prayer and pentonance.
Put it away, Pops.
They said his advanced age in frail health prevented him from being prosecuted under Church law.
He'll soon face divine justice, said Saul Barawalus Ariano, a former seminary in a Mexican city resident who accused Massiel of abuse.
He escaped down the easy road. He never had the humility to recognize that he was wrong.
Massiel was born in 1920 in the town of Coutteja, in the southern Mexican state of Mijwakan.
If you do, you'll clean it up.
How do you say that? M-I-C-H-O-A-C-A-M?
Mijwakan?
How do you say it?
I don't know.
You know how all those Mexican names are like Washaka?
I know they got lots of X's and he used in the middle of words.
He was the nephew of Rafael Guizar Avalencia, the archbishop of Veda Cruz, and later the Catholic resistance of the secular reformist governments produced by the Mexican revolution.
His uncle, Jesus de Goriada Guizar, was the last commander in chief of the Cristero Army in our Catholic resistance group.
Sometimes Saul and I mother were the rightful and are handsome, defendants in case of an attack on the Hashtag, the Catholic news agency Zenath in interview in 2003.
Oh, they're off at aqueduct.
But, cheering cross, and gold is mine, and the trailer is bomber de-back in 7th year.
The sight of members of the Cristero Army hanged by government troops deep in his faith, he said,
In my simple logic with child, I would tell myself that they given their lives for Christ, I too wanted to give my life for him.
At 15, he began his studies for the priesthood at a clandestine seminary, operated by Guizar Avalencia.
Not long after, while praying, he fell to come to create a group of priests, who would travel the world without rest, transmitting the love of Jesus, or going to his official biography.
Masiel founded the Legion of Mexico City in 1941, and 46, he traveled with his first group of followers in Spain, later meaning Pope Pius XII, who never met a Nazi then like, and founding a seminary in Rome.
The Legion found prep-founded prep schools around the world, including 2000 USA. They liked those prep schools, baby.
Mmm.
Eh-he.
What's all I've noise in there?
They're, uh, just watching the race.
Some other race.
Yeah.
Some other race that I could have been screaming yesterday, and they just crossed the line.
They're pretty scream-rout, right here in front of me over here.
What?
They don't look lively, but just wait till the races get started, and they all come to life.
The sense of persecution and secrecy that Jake Masiel's youth could be seen in the organization he led,
he's a member of Sturkey Vow, never to speak ill of him or their supporters, and report on any member who did.
Joseph Barba, a Mexico City professor who said he was assaulted by Masiel in 1955, wrote a 2000 to essay in which he described the Legion's secretive culture,
if we've been less innocent and dacile, we might have understood the dark motive behind those rules of silence and isolation.
Alligations of his conduct by Masiel, they back to the fifties when he was suspended from the priesthood during a church investigation,
he was eventually reinstated. He didn't do nothing. Just a few older boys.
New charges were lowered against him in 1976 with a Spanish priest in the Mexican priest giving detailed accounts of alleged abuse when they were teenage seminarians in Spain and Roma.
Later eight men accused Masiel of sodomizing them when they were students under the priest's supervision from the mid-40s to early 60s,
some said the reason is ten years old when Masiel abused them.
Church officials acknowledged receiving the allegations, but they languished in the Vatican bureaucracy for years.
The feders of Masiel said he was being targeted for attacks by opponents of his conservative ideology.
According to Jason Barry, the author of Aus of Silence, a book about Masiel and pedophilia in the church,
Masiel was charged in 1998 with absorbing the sentence of his victims in confession a violation of church law with most captured limitation.
But in 99, Rassinger then a cardinal and prefect of the congregation for the doctrine of the faith or to the investigation closed that it did.
Five years later, with more people coming forward to claim they were abused by Masiel, Rassinger ordered a new investigation open, but now too late, he's dead.
Moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, lessth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth, moreth
I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me
I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me, I'm just telling me
I'm just telling me, I am just telling my kids about suffering and. What do you, do you remember? I got hoarse, I was shaking. I was shaking my face, I am hurting so much and that was mostly physical sickness in my life. Because that's all you would want to tell me, the things I'm doingI'm a Supp gettin' away from all these Things that will always be running.
move my mind when it comes to things that are pounding all these things.
move my mind when it comes to things that are pounding all the things that are pounding all those things.
move my mind when it comes to things that are pounding all those things that are Engine handicongs don't dare to chew.
And still I'm sure it doesn't have the right one on it.
You don't have our friend Jeff Ponytail on it.
Probably because, you know, Jealous.
Jealous, Tutsi.
By the way, we sold those 100 yesterday like in two shades of a landfill,
as opposed to some guys who can't sell anything because they haven't got any audits.
No one has any idea.
The best talent is Neil Rogers,
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
I think sports leader.
Why the U. West is...
If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610 WIOD, you missed this.
Is this the bird?
Yeah.
Bird, how you doing?
Listen, do me a favor, play anything because I can't stand listening to you.
Are you sorry I could do this back?
Do I?
Just a minute, never play anything.
Well, can I ask your question before you go?
Oh, God, you sound so stupid.
I hate to talk to you.
Yeah, go ahead.
Why did you call me?
I didn't call you.
No, I just tell you not to say anything.
Just play something.
Oh, God, can't stand it.
Well then, why are you listening?
I'll play something already.
Why won't you answer my...
No, I can't stand it.
You won't... See, he won't talk to me.
Oh, we got a car here.
Okay, 130, a QM now.
Listen, here's the deal.
The two in this second race is 1 to 9 already.
Uh-huh.
You know what that means?
That's the lowest the odds can go on the tote board.
1 to 9.
Okay.
That means if you bet $2 to win, you'll get $2.10 in bank.
Wow.
When I always want to play, that means you get $2.40 back.
What a bargain.
And the six is the only one who looks like he's going any shot
because he said it's only a four horse race.
You only got to be three horses, man,
and you're going to lose $4.40.
Should I go play another bet?
Of course not.
Well, what's the point of playing another bet?
What are you going to do, bet on the two again?
Or are you going to bet against yourself?
Just be happy to lose $4.40, okay?
Oh, look at this.
Four t-shirts.
St. Lucie County Sheriff's Investite is arrested
of a 30-year-old man Tuesday after...
Excuse me.
What was that?
It's the announcer lady.
After finding about 40 crack cocaine rocks between his buttocks,
according to an arrest epidemic release Wednesday,
that's not where you keep them.
Chawtsy L. Davis faces a felony possession of cocaine
with intense assault within a thousand feet of a church.
After investigating this problem,
the driver of the huff of the dog.
Investigators noticed Davis had an open container
with urinating in public like Billy Carter.
While some others are...
Alloy doing an arrest in the front of the block
of North-Eleven Street in Fort Pierce.
The daughter of Lurdon...
Chaw, honey!
The daughter of Lurdon and Davis buttocks
and sheriff's official status, Davis,
listed as a transient felinova.
The defendant leaned over and noticed a white unknown object
to the affidavit that said,
I reached between his buttocks and recovered a crazy glue tube.
With approximately 41 crack cocaine rocks,
he had a crazy glue...
A possess with 41 crack cocaine rocks.
All right.
I'm sure they pulled it.
I'm glad they pulled those rocks off.
And somebody sends this from in for a lot of day.
This will help.
One to five still on the juice in this second race.
How many minutes to post, I?
Two.
No 11?
Yeah.
Oh my god.
There's so much time between races.
Don't forget the big Don handicap at Gulf Stream tomorrow.
Be there or be square.
And go play the slots, play wheel of torture.
What is vetting the chock or something along those lines mean?
Someone said it had something to do with vetting the favorites,
but why chock?
It says here and then here's the answer.
Chock went and...
What?
I said really good.
Chock went and horses the favorite has the most money bet on
is the horse that's termed the chock.
Interestingly, the term comes from the pre-computer error of the bookie.
When a bookie recreated vets on a blackboard,
gods would change over and over as more and more people bet on the favorite.
The horse became known as the chock because the horses name would disappear in chock dust
as the bookie constantly erased and lowered the horse's eyes.
Wow.
Well, hey, we learned something today.
Now what a useful show.
What an educational freaking show, baby.
And the two is one to five.
I shouldn't go.
I shouldn't go bet the six.
No, don't bet against yourself what you want to do that for.
How much you're going to bet on the six?
I don't know.
Couple bucks, four, five.
If you bet five bucks to win on the six,
you'll get 20 year L.S.C.
and let's say it pays 980.
So you'll get 25 bucks back.
You win 20, which would cover...
I'm not going to make you bet the 1823,
23 bucks.
You still wind up losing.
Because you're going to lose the money you bet on the double already.
Okay.
But if you want to do that, I mean,
it's not stupid, but then if the two wins,
then instead of losing 440, you're going to lose 940.
Okay.
Which means today you're going to lose...
I'm third, man.
You want to really want to do that?
I'll set tight.
I'll set tight.
Yeah, I got paid to be here.
Now who told you that?
Did Steve suggest that to you?
No!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no
ken
I walk it back, there was a, I guess it was a quarter machine.
They look really nifty to me.
I thought, well, I'll give it a try.
I'll put it in a 20 or whatever.
And I sat down there in this young,
not at all good looking guy, sits at the chair next to me.
Now, that would be one thing if he was playing the machine
next to me, but he wasn't doing it.
He sat down there and he looked at me and said, hi.
And I said, hi.
And I proceeded to play.
And he just sat there staring at my machine
while I was playing there.
And I won, I got back 60 bucks for my 20 to make a lot of
story short and I took the ticket out and he got up and walked away.
Huh.
Now, what was that about?
Tiki liked you.
Get out of here.
He liked me.
I didn't like him.
No, but he liked me.
Look, and I said, I don't want to.
I'll look at that.
The two is two to five now.
And the one is taking money.
Nine to two.
Well, it's only a four horse race.
Somebody's got a bet on something, right?
I imagine.
Now, fleet money goes on at six.
If he goes down to like a two to one or something, boy, you're screwed.
OK.
Well, I have to run the race.
The odds board doesn't determine who gets paid.
It's who wins the race.
Right.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
Seven minutes to post time.
Boy, seems like a freaking intern.
He doesn't.
Attention.
Attention.
Is there a tension building?
At least, you know, the odds are pretty good.
You're going to cash.
All right.
And that idiot they call it, oh, what a terrible pick you gave, Jordan.
I'm sitting here with stuff.
I printed out off the internet.
With the names of the entries, the jockeys and trainers and the morning line odds.
How did he see it?
I'm watching the odds board.
That guy.
How much less possible is it to me?
I mean, is this a way to bet horses or anything?
Of course not.
Just like picking one out of your rack of ice.
Germans are Gaga over Barack Obama.
He's got Japan pretty jazz too along with swallowing bottom Clinton.
Russia's leaders not so much.
They prefer Republican as long as it's not Kremlin critic John McCain.
And Mexico's president doesn't have much use for any of them.
America's extraordinary presidential campaign has captivated politicians and ordinary people
around the globe.
But so much at stake in the race for the White House, the world is watching with an intensity
that hasn't been seen since the Clinton era began in 92.
After eight grotesque years of President Bush, the latest mantra in US politics transformational
change is resonating across the rest of the plant, desperate for a fresh start.
They feel there's a real chance to work with the US, a Julian Smith, senior fellow at the
Washington Bay Center for Strategic and International Studies.
America's image in the world is really unaligned, she said.
Non-Americans, he said, looking for somebody who can restore faith in the US.
Obama, perhaps, not surprisingly, is generating the most buzz abroad.
There's Schwarzsia Kennedy, some German admirers are calling him, the Black JFK.
There's Schwarzia Kennedy.
How do you like that?
See, they say Schwarz.
Yeah.
He's young, charming, and sexy.
The Man's Circulation newspaper Bill Gushd, Obama's now the ideal projection screen for
hopes and expectations in Europe and the US alike said Chris Hack, a professor at the
University of Bond.
I like him.
I like his ideas.
His attitude as a parent.
I performed a swallery who is more artificial, said Eva Berrick, though a rum doctor,
thinks Obama would bring a new approach to the crisis in Iraq and a nuclear standoff
with Iran.
And orders your president said nuclear again the other night in the state of the Union.
Everybody's yelling for theirs.
Like that.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
I'm going to have to say something.
You walk up to a table and there's a big bowl of Ben and Jerry's fish food.
Ben and Jerry's fish food.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
Nice and kind of like a soft room temperature.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I'm going to play that.
Do I have time for the Paul Cragman article here or not?
Do we see what exactly is?
It's one of the things I want something.
Maybe I do it.
Maybe I don't.
Yeah, I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
imperial coup.

In particular, to overstate the importance of Edwards health care plan introduced in February.
Before the Edwards plan was unveiled, advocates of universal health care had difficulty
getting traction, and parked because they were divided over how to get there.
Some advocated a single payer system, aka Medicare for All, but this was dismissed as politically
infeasible.
Some advocated reform based on private insurers, but single payer advocates aware of the vast
inefficiency of the private insurance system, recorded the prospect.
The working class voters, Mr. Edwards, attracted a tentative favor, Mrs. Clinton over Obama.
Furthermore, to the extent this is remains a campaign of ideas remains true on a key issue
of health care, and Clinton find this more or less identical to the Edwards plan, the Obama
plan which does not actually achieve universal coverages considerably weaker.
One thing is clear, however, whichever candidate does get the nomination, his or her
chance to victory arrest largely on the ideas that Mr. Edwards brought to the campaign.
If Democrats manage to get the focus on their substance and differences with Republicans,
polls on the issues suggest they'll have a big advantage and they'll have Mr. Edwards to thank.
Best talent in the projects, 4.560 QAM, the fourth leader.
It's day, if I have a towel, have 560 WQKM.
Breaking Sport Hold You, is it?
We interrupt this program, you want to hear, or something that only a few sick offense
four holes in management are interested in.
Belpincode, Kim, Kim, Kim, Jack, Cameron, John, John, Kim, Kim, Cameron, Swaisy,
is only a press conference now in progress.
We'll just out the work harder and give it 100%. I'll take questions.
I've got a question. You know you stink. Why do you always answer the same way?
No, but you do not fall.
I didn't like that question. I'm gonna rephrase it.
Hey, what are you doing here?
I'm with Kent State Security now, you moron.
I got a head and ask you a question.
Okay, my role's one-hole stomach and dog do.
Wow, that's way small.
I didn't like that question either.
Wow, what's that book you're holding?
Let me see that.
Sport Hold Guide, the fantasy dating.
I'll take this.
That's mine.
No.
Not anymore, right?
No.
Now it's Graham.
No.
No.
No.
Stop it, no.
No.
Now, don't taste me, mo.
Yeah, maybe, all right.
Put it there, John.
Now, I got your taste in now.
I've seen it.
I've seen it.
You like it now.
If that tastes up, I can't.
Do you like it now?
Do you like it now?
Do you like it now?
Do you like it now?
Do you like it now?
My heart.
My heart.
Put it in the middle.
Crazy.
Britney Spears, she was rushed to the hospital overnight.
The custody of Britney Spears two children
will remain with their father Kevin Fettel.
Please, under the influence of an unknown substance.
And now, a Britney Spears insanity update.
Stop.
Bye, bye, bye.
The biggest names of this calendar.
How old are all the best?
And you're old, for Miami Dovens would fall.
Oh my god.
Sports Radio 560 WQAM.
Miami.
Born Lutterdale.
Holy ice cream, the man could eat.
We have so much trouble ice cream.
By the way, and that's when...
