No, the strongest program of the VKT is the classic best-come remissions of WQM VKT.
What do you think?
About what?
The biggest VKT is the best talent.
Many people think your last name is just 430560W.
I think you all have the power to make a safe, as well as your color there.
No.
What?
That's what they say.
It's next week already.
On nature.
Yeah.
Madden.
What word did you say?
It's not.
Look at this line.
You can do what?
I don't know.
You're so surprised.
You know what you're saying?
What's going on, Chris?
To talk to Neil, dial 5, get the 8.5.
Kill us, the end day and brow.
You can order count on.
Call for our free.
87775.
Let me call you a news again.
I mean, kill your pound 560 on your AT&T.
Oh, I was fine.
It's all right.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his collars,
do not represent those of WQAM management, staff or sponsors.
Now the Neil Rogers show.
Oh, what a sorry.
WQAM.
Hey, dude.
Oh, that's obviously sick of blowin' by those.
It's all red and irritated.
Well, then you need new poons, stud strips.
Yeah?
Go here, try one.
You just take the strip and push it in.
Fine, you're a no.
And then you leave on a malpours minimum day.
You have seven guys.
And then you have to take it.
Oh, you can see where all the stuff goes.
Really?
Wow.
Let me see.
Oh, look at yours.
That's pretty gross.
New twins, Mr. Jensknot strips.
Now available in big schnauzsizes.
You can pick your friends, but don't, well, you know.
Yeah, we know.
Anyways, 10-I-1 at 560 WQAM.
Let's do that.
Oh, that.
I'm going to cough up a big brown and yellow and green.
Right.
All day.
But, I've got to have my hanky here to get rid of it.
Oh, I don't want to swallow snuff.
You ever stop thinking about that?
Yeah, and I try not to.
It doesn't come up from there from your intestines,
but nevertheless, you get to see that it does.
And if you swallow it, it's going to go right back where you just...
As long as it doesn't leave your body and then go back, it's not as gross.
Yeah, we keep your body and then go back inside.
Never see people spit up into the air and then hatch it.
No, you just don't get around.
No.
No.
We totally go to the party.
I wonder how Ellie felt she ever saw that.
I'll see you then.
Okay, here's the schedule for today on QAM.
Anybody here to hear us today?
I keep reading these things about a horrible signal.
Even the blog thing that I'm going to read.
It's not really all that good.
William S. James, but I appreciate it so much.
Somebody actually wrote something on the internet.
Very positive about me.
Very asked-looking.
But he mentions the crappy signal and about how.
And it's horrible.
Anyway, we got there the jerk show from 2-4 this afternoon.
Mad Dog gets Shula's steak 2 from 4-7.
What happened with the Amarlin 10 minutes?
We don't got that tonight. Aren't they playing?
They're playing at 12.
The NBA draft show from 7 to midnight with Curtis and DA had rivals
and an ESPN radio overnight when everybody goes to sleep.
We hope because certainly nobody is going to listen to that.
So we got the NBA draft show tonight.
Maybe they can bring back-
There you go.
Guess who died.
I got two celebrity deaths.
Okay.
How many told you about?
I want to-
George Carlin.
Will George Carlin?
I love words.
I think if you're hearing my words, I want to say-
Okay, I'll tell you.
Wilbur Hardy, a farm boy turned grilled cook who went on to open the first
Hardy's hamburger stand in 1960.
Starting a chain that now has nearly 2,000 restaurants in the U.S.
and overseas died Friday at his home in Greenville, North Carolina.
He was 89. That's old enough.
Cost was a heart attack.
His daughter Anne Hardy rigged said.
Heart attack. He's dead.
That was a QAM, hello.
Yeah, I think 50% on your home monitor is in here.
It was on an empty lot of Greenville near East Carolina College that Mr.
Hardy opened the first hamburger stand on September 3, 1960.
There was no dining room, no drive-up window, charcoal-broad hamburgers,
and milkshake sold for 15 set of peace.
There were now 1926 Hardies restaurants mostly in the southeast of the Midwest,
most of them franchises of CKE restaurants which bought the Hardies
chain in 97.
Last year the Hardies Division which specializes in thick burgers weighing from
a third to two thirds of a pound and costing up to $449 had revenue of $1.8 billion.
Although he would hold an interest in more than 80 other restaurants during his career
Mr. Hardy did not make much of a profit as founder of the Change It Pairs' name.
He sold his share what was then a five franchise operation in 1963 for just $37 grand.
Back in the 60s it was pretty good money and Hardy rigged seven, but not that much.
Last year they had revenue of $1.8 billion and in 1963 he sold his share for $37 grand.
You think he died with any regrets?
About it.
Born in Martin County, North Carolina Mr. Hardy was one of five children while we don't care about that.
Not interested in the family corn tobacco farm, the young Mr. Hardy got a job as a grill cook
at a local eatery.
W.W.W.2 he was a Navy cook in a Pacific while home on furlough in 45 he married Catherine Robuck.
His first wife died in 1980 and 1986 he married Helen Galloway and in addition he's survived by a whole bunch of people.
After W.W.W.2 he returned to Greenfield open a restaurant he and his wife lived in the back.
In the back of the restaurant by 60 when he opened his first burger stand he already owned 15 restaurants.
He took on two partners Jim Gardner and Leonard Rawls not Lou in 61 they opened a second hearties in Rocky Mountain with Carolina.
But typically these with his partner soon let him to sell his share.
I'm gonna be doing that all day.
But Mr. Hardy later started another burger chain called Little Mint which eventually had about 25 franchise locations in North.
What a green and South Carolina North Green.
No green not.
The hardy's chain grew by Leafs and Bounds in the 70s held helped in part by its jingle.
Hurry on down to Hardy's where the burgers are charcoal broil. I never heard that.
Did you? Maybe not.
And Hardy's rake setter father never failed to get a kick out of seeing the red and white sign of the hardy's chain.
Anywhere he'd go he'd probably see his name up there.
She said.
Kind of like us with all those billboards we have.
Aren't you proud as you drive around to see all those billboards for this show as perch.
Right. WQYM. Hello.
Yeah.
Can I hear some sports in this radio station today?
What are you talking about?
Well you don't ever talk about sports you know.
Parts?
That's leading your headlines and you know give us some.
No parts.
No. No sports.
Yes sir.
No. No chance.
All right. Have a good day.
Get a life.
Can we hear some sports?
Oh my god.
Will you?
Jesus.
He's only kidding.
Another guy that we have ever heard of.
Who?
Comet Love.
The costume designer helped puppeteer Jim Henson create big bird other sesame characters.
He was 91.
Plenty old enough.
He died from congestive heart failure Saturday in Pocipsi.
There was home in Stanford, New York.
His longtime partner Christopher Lyle told the New York Times.
His longtime partner.
Yay.
Sounds like it to me, doesn't it?
Okay.
In addition to his work with Henson Love was a designer for some of Ballets, most prominent choreographers including
Pryla Tharp, Agnes DeMille, Jerome Robbins and George Balanchine, Cheen.
Sesame Street Public Television's groundbreaking effort to use TV to teach preschoolers premiered in 69.
Henson designed the original sketches of Big Bird and loved and built the 8-foot-to-inch yellow feathered costume.
It was Rosadina and a few feathers designed to fall off to create a more realistic feel.
Oh yeah. There's no point in having feathers unless you're going to fall off.
That's right.
Here's your poll for me as today.
567 votes.
The suckiest aspect of my workday is my Paltry Paycheck 97.
Dealing with customers of the public 70.
I see George Curtis in a waste of time cashed in that check.
I bet he lost all that money already.
Probably.
Well, why do you say that?
What do you say?
Yeah.
If he invested it wisely, he could make about 47.
Yeah.
I think he's open to eliminate stand with it.
Dealing with customers of the public 70.
The commute 54.
I'm unemployed 51.
Work interferes with my list of the show 44.
Well, I didn't know that we're not going to accept that.
Quit your job right now.
I like everything about my job 42.
Oh, those 51 to say they're unemployed, that must be the callers.
My boss 38, sitting on my asshole day 28.
My colleagues 23.
My workload 19.
The hour 17.
They use cameras or computer program to spy on a 16.
My employees 13.
My tiny workspace, cubicle or office 12.
Having to go back home afterward 10.
Having to wear professional garb 10.
Being on my feet all day 10.
Schmitty office equipment 5.
Two little time for lunch 5.
And having to go through a metal detector or security scan 3.
I like the one we have a QAM.
Just to keep out the pain in the ass invaders.
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
I am doing today.
Okay.
I was listening to you mentioned the QAM schedule.
And I was just thinking I'm almost tempted, almost to listen to that draft show to see what they could possibly talk about all night.
For five hours.
For five hours.
They're going to draft one player and they're just going to go on and on and on.
It's almost going to move up and not down.
It's almost tempting.
Got to move up and not down.
Got to move up and not down.
That thing is just, I can't even find, I mean, I like Zach a lot as you know.
But it sounds like something that they would be playing across the street.
It's amateur hour.
You know what I mean by that?
Yeah, I know it even.
Like a bunch of little kids took over the radio station.
That happened a long time ago.
Oh, I see.
Much a little sport nerds.
Got to move up and not down.
Got to move up and not down.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
But Joe keeps playing it, which is good.
One thing about me, man.
I don't interfere with anybody else's deal.
You know, whatever their deal is, good, good for them.
More power to them.
Got to move up and not down.
Yeah, exactly.
That was that.
Precisely what I was going to say, but I don't want to take any chance because it might, uh,
some speed of might come out of there.
I don't know.
But that nearer I just, is always so full of hate and venom and speed of them.
Yeah, a venom.
You can hear the venom in his voice.
My favorite call of the whole year so far was that one on Tuesday,
that real dull sounding.
Are you ever happy?
Are you ever, yeah, when I hang up on eight holes like you.
And that's exactly what I told him.
Makes me, makes me, please just punch.
To, to listen to these idiots show their ass to the world and then just punch that button, man.
Punch their ass right out.
Are you ever happy?
You're so unhappy.
Yeah.
Yeah, you should have my problems, okay?
Idiot.
New portion of this program will be reproduced about the express written permission of WQAM
Be the Dark Cascuba Incorporated.
What's up, bruh, I'm a psychopath.
Dude, welcome back to the Joe Roach show.
Hey, need a car?
You feeling you bought from the factory?
Rock'n'-round the clock tonight.
Rock, rock, rock, rock.
I love singing jingles.
Welcome back to Joe Roach show.
Here we got a...
You see, uh...
See the USA in your shed, relate.
Here comes our Gary Von Rass number one deal.
Blood, blood, fist piece.
Oh man, what a relief it is.
D'oh, I was here for kaboops cereal, man.
It has nuts, little bits of marshmallows, and all kinds of crazy things.
Yeah, you deserve a break today.
Hey, dude, thirsty?
Kabo-lai.
During the Pepsi generation.
It's a Joe Roach show, man.
And I'll be back after this word.
Just a feel.
Hey, have I told you like a good neighbor?
Winston tastes good like a cigarette chorn.
Limits will never be the same.
We'll be back with more of the Joe Roach show, but first...
What will you have?
That's blue ribbon.
What will you have?
That's blue ribbon, dude!
What will you have?
That's blue ribbon.
That's blue ribbon, beeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.
Wonderful world of air condition shopping.
Lauder Hill Mall.
Lauder Hill Mall!
Goes ahead and leaves the middle of an orio first and sings the chocolate on the outside
for last!
I'll be back to rap things up after these few words.
Tum-tum-tum-tums!
Get real actions in, and up your thirst away!
Dude, Chaffer, is the one to have if you're having more than...
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
You could take the elevator to the country but...
Exactly, I forgot this.
What I don't the bitch right now.
18 at 5.60 WQM is still a little scratchy with this head cold, but it's on the way out. I'm not dying yet
Which I know a lot of people out there for upset about that too bad. You're gonna die soon. You're gonna die. Yeah sure
Here's the pull for today. We have 494 votes and I bet your cris things we're gonna make 500 easy. Oh
I'm doing yes
2008 is already half over what's the policy don't forget gotta move up and up
Got it. It's just I don't I just I don't know why I just don't understand anything that's going on anymore
Get off
Oh
Okay, it's enough
2008 is already half over what's the most surprising thing that's happened so far this year
That's the whole question and of course this is a Charlie B pull
It's not a bad pull, but the problem is as usual with Charlie be it's too Neil centric you know I mean by that?
Yeah much about me and that's because Charlie is a groupie. I mean just a shameless shameless ass sucking groupie
That's fact. Oh my god Charlie get a freaking life would you please I have no luck god almighty
Most surprising thing happened so far this year Neil accepted a pay cut and re up with WQM
Winning hands down your pants 164 votes. Mm-hmm a
Black one the Democratic nomination 101
Gas it four bucks a gallon 63
Here's another Neil Neil actually surfaced for a rare public appearance 54
Charlie B was there right at the S. End of it. Thank God. Thank you. They're early
He is strange really strange. Am I right? Yes, yes, you are
He's not a lecture combination of Ikebog Crane and Rumpel Stiltskin
Okay, we didn't
Just picture in that. Hillary didn't win at 43 Tim Russell died 30
But 30 man all in his kid now, you know
He seems like a nice kid and he used to look really good, which he doesn't anymore because he's getting fat but
Larry had him on last night. I was channel surfing because I never watched Larry
I want to see somebody on there really like his Larry's full of crap and
Most of it's seeping into that bag
Larry's probably the only personality on TV that you can smell through the TV screen
But anyway, he had among his other panel the panel look russered on
Going on about John McCain this and this what are his qualifications to be articulating his
Political opinions and crap other than the fact he was Tim Russell's kid. That's it
I'm sorry. I just I maybe it sounds insensitive, but it's just ridiculous
His his famous dad just died so now let's keep schlepping him around and put him on TV to open up a mouth like he knows something
Tim Russell died 30 George Carlin died 25 words. I think if you're hearing my words
The primary is lasted that long 13 and Joel Feinberg ditched the ticket only one
Nobody cares about you Joel
They just don't give a crap
So how the yesterday go George
What do you mean?
You mean the show yeah, oh, you know same as usual like pulling teeth
But I mean by that there weren't a lot of calls you have a lot of really articulate you're the one that gets the intellectual colors
Oh, yeah, I got them all don't you know, I sure don't know I get the kid that wants to produce
Sell his insurance to whatever it is and what was most of the other guy talking about I don't know
You remember Chris I took a second collar there and it's I don't remember yeah, I don't know
Not that we're ignoring your calls or anything like that, but it must have been so insignificant. I don't know
I really can't I can't remember what the other guy I remember the first one because it said punky kid again the
Save 50% on your insurance guy. Yeah, that's his stick right I wish he was that's it. That's it
That's the only of his material
It worked for a long time on these things do they oh, yeah, he's probably working on it right now team effort 500 tree votes on the pool
Now William S James who's obviously a groupie. I have no idea who he is has a blog
Called
Called
The freedom to blog I don't know if that's the name of the blog or what the deal is the freedom to blog and
Yesterday he writes neo-rodgers liberal star at often bleak sky
But he like that, okay, it's I'll read it short. It's not it's I don't know
He says although he would probably say I'm cursed to live in such a cesspool such as South Florida
Radio Towshoe host neo-rodgers is one of the reasons I'm glad I live here
Rogers midday radio show is broadcast on 560 WTQ a sports a.m. Talk radio station to provide listeners with such a weak signal
That their attention is often tried to the limits and often interfered with by bleed over from a Cuban radio station 90 miles away
Oh such a weak signal. How do you like it?
But we still we listen he says
Rogers provides his distaste for the South Florida lifestyle and its inhabitants by broadcasting from his apartment broadcast studio in Toronto, Canada
So why do we listen while I can't speak for the rest of his audience who have consistently kept him in the top percentiles of the male
25 to 54 demographics until Joe Bell came along that is English speaking that is for myself
I've had extremely liberal leave it leading my entire adult life
I don't believe that we're labeled as such in my own mind till I start listening to you about 25 years ago
But more than anything else entertaining or least used to be anyway before Joe Bell came to town
I was first attracted to the produced comedy bits as show is always featured
But later realized that his rants were actually the opinions of an intelligent caring individual
Many who listen to him especially those who don't share his views but can't seem to turn him off might say he's nothing more than a bitter old queen
Those may be his own words if not a direct quote certainly in context. That's right. I'm a bitter old queen
They might even say his man who hates American everything it stands for
I would have to strongly disagree because very within those raves and rants are the words of man who cares
A great deal about his country and someone who tries to expose injustice in a quality intolerance bigotry and loss of liberty in an unfair and often bizarre hateful world
Neil God often ridicules the newest breed of media gods and goddesses and outwardly denounces the power and influence held by organized religion
As well as the evangelism attempted persuasion self-archives opinions of the followers of the various faiths
One of his book of Bryan standards is the hilarious my religion sung by stereotypical members of the various faiths
The tune of the calibration commercial song my dogs better than your dog
God and we move up and out
Catchy isn't it no it's annoying
Extraordinarily annoying. I mean enough to just make me go mad
Sometimes labeled a shock jock
I would only agree in the sense that the peer truth and nothing but the truth can be shocking and well
I think personalities of that genre are often manufactured acts and Uncle Niel's case the shocking aspect of his show is just
Nearages being himself
Bit of old queen I think if Neil ever met me probably wouldn't like me
And if he ever read this he'd probably find it offensive and accuse me of having no life
I have no life, but that's okay because Neil if you've taught me anything over a quarter of a century
It's not to take yourself too seriously
And then it's got a disclaimer here. Nearages not anywhere responsible for any of the content of this blog entry
Nearages not request this blog entry. Nearages never meant what you meant James not affiliate with anyway with the author
The views expressed here are not the views of Nearages WQA or anyone else on this earth
Any Arranger's website can be enjoyed at any arrangers dot com
I like that for some real heavy duty ass-looking very nice
No, it was nice. Thank you. What do you miss James whoever you are?
And I'm not offended by anything like that
For today the giant speed the Patriots in the Super Bowl. No
That's just another
Dolphin
Wish her I think you might actually win three or three or four games this season
You know the big tunas in there the tuna and we all know what tuna smells like
What what pit is it and oh that's in that cage a bit
We all know what tuna smells like smells like hell. Oh my god
Especially when it's out there and baking in that hot sun. Can you imagine?
Ooh big tuna bacon on the 50-yard line what bacon
I don't have any now if you would be nice. I go to the store right now and I'd be back in 10-15 minutes much sense somebody
There's nobody here to send. I don't I don't have like um, you know gofers. I see who you're thinking of proud me
I guarantee you sound asleep at this moment. Okay. Wasn't thinking of anyone in particular
I just don't know who the hell else would it be the gofers were cheap
um
519 votes on to pull our goal is 525
26th June man right in the middle of dog base and you're expecting to do a show today here
I know that the lord even loves Neil Rogers
Tonight on Let's Watch Animal Screw
It's a dicey situation for the intrepid wildlife crew as they inadvertently interrupt a wild gorilla into mist orgy
Soundman Richard is made with a 500 pound silverback male follow the couple as they register at macy's and pick out a flatware pattern
It's all on tonight's Let's Watch Animal Screw
Can't wait now maybe you hear something in the background. You know what it is drums. No
It's gonna be
Oh, it was a hard roll little mo's chest. I'm not gonna close the door this time though. I think it adds a little something
I it's either that or gotta move up and out down gotta move up and out that
I just I don't know I mean
I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about the exact version that we got I go wrong. I don't have that you know I might think
Why not give me a minute. What's wrong with you
You got it in there you got it in the oven for it to come away found what
You hear how loud that is today. That's right
You're gonna have to go close that door. Why? I'm just kidding. You don't have to
It's nice. What do you think? Richard? I close it or not only goes down for about a hundred hours
He uh he ran out of here to go find that rat for you because I know we want to play it all day long
Oh, yeah, I think what we ought to do is play that since I still got a scratchy throat a little bit of this mucus
Uh, plate gotta move up and out cuz especially in honor of tonight's NBA draft. Mm-hmm
Aren't you gonna be tuned in for that what you'd be daft to mr. draft. I'll be busy
Doing what doing who that's right? Who knows
Oh, yeah, I saw this on Keith Obernol last night San Francisco to vote on George W. Bush sewage works. That's cute
In San Francisco
They're gonna hold a vote on whether to rename one of its large it. I gotta close the door. It's too loud even for me
Okay
Hey
What word did you say?
One two three four get the heat easier roast gotta gotta go up and not down gotta gotta go up and not down
One two three four get the heat easier roast gotta gotta go up and not
Gotta go up and not down. I used to like him a lot
Zach I used to think he was really a good guy and a friend of ours and you know
They always like to know a good producer has to do what's expected on whatever show they're working on
but but
It looks and it's way better than what the other stuff that they're doing on that show now
Why are you saying that nice? See now you make it seem like we're not in Joe, which I love Joe
Roe. I love Joe Roe because he knows it too. He's got a lot of exciting things to talk about. He just never does on the air
You've Christopher come back. I want to play that yeah
Now what do you think of what the George's puke puke out now? I don't know knocking the Joe Roe show
That's our strongest leading in a hell of a long time. I'll say to that. Yeah, it ain't like
Like that
And I'll tell you one thing that it definitely is not like I'll take your children
Sell them to some Haitians like that
Yeah, I think you know something
What got him move up and out down. I think that combined with a whole bunch of forl
Sure, I think they get us a 90-year. Please don't pay the effort. I know that's the wrong F
Anyway getting back to this thing San Francisco will hold a vote whether to rename one of its largest sewer treatment facilities after George
W Bush and what supporters describe as a fitting monument to the president's work
Every time I conflict that I just lied some uh, snot goodness
Not a lot of snot a little tiny bit
More than any five hundred signatures have already been gathered in support of the plan
13 there are more than the minimum required to get it on the November ballot. Well, that's very fitting
It's very apropos
Now can you hear that in the background or not? Yes
But not loud though not like before because they're out the dough closed
Nobody Q.A.M. Hello
You know who I am a mole green. I was making my phones when you're going out cheerly to
Nobody Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, good morning, Palli. Yes, sir
Yeah, I know where to put a good use to that wrap song next time you're about to poop your pants just sing it
Gotta go up and not down. Yeah, good point. All right, buddy. Take it easy. Okay, Palli
Okay, sweetie
Oh, brother, I'm gonna say I'm gonna have a rough time today
But
What I've been told oh look at that nice and dark green that's always a good sign
The dark green is the stuff that's been in your body the longest did you know that I bet you did probably I mean it makes sense
Huh it makes sense. Why is that?
Well, just that does the darker the older
That's
That could be wrong, but it just when you're old part like me when you're bitter old queen like me
You probably got flim in your body. It's been in there for like 60 years probably all of a row of a child. Uh-huh
Nobody Q.A.M. Hello
W.Q.A.M. Hello
You don't have any service for your listeners
I make you a M. Hello
Two A.M. Hey, Neil. Did you see the Supreme Court ruling on the hand done?
Well, yeah, I got it right here now. Yes, they ruled it was unconstitutionally gun abandoned Washington. Yes
Yes, and now we get we're gunna
That's right because Ann and Scalia wrote the majority opinion and Ann and Scalia's a crazy son of a bitch. Yes
I'm sure we'll be looking for
Don't get your piece, okay, you know, 440 want to go by a few
Wow, see I shouldn't even work today. Oh, no, don't start. Don't start what?
You're you're you're like set yourself up to slack the rest of the day. I can just feel I'm not all right
But during the next break I'm gonna go get someone at the betley's cough syrup men
So good there ads even say it's the worst tasting stuff in a world but it works and does work you probably don't have any
Hot
No, I've got to have any cold soup hot and sour or something like that
I could order some it's too early though. They're not open yet
You
You let's the pre-court rule today that Washington DC sweeping bad and hand guns is un
constitutional
The justice is voted five to four against the ban with justice and in Scalia that Nazi son of a bitch writing the opinion for the majority
I think they're done with my fired drill sounds like it
I have your attention, please. I have your attention. No, I'm busy
No, he's mumble now
I issue in district Columbia versus hella was whether the cities ban violated the second member right to keep in their arms not preventing individuals as opposed to state militias from having guns in their homes
And of course the supreme the constitutions has nothing about individuals owning guns
But not nevertheless
DC officials argue they had the responsibility to impose reasonable weapons restrictions to reduce violent crime
But several Washingtonians challenged the thirty-two-year-old law
Some said they've been constant victims of crimes needed guns for protection
In March to win and went before the justice is with starkly different opinions on the handgun ban
Ah, it's long I could read the whole thing but I better now not a lot of reading today when you got a coffee and puke and scratching
I think I'm gonna drink the whole bottle of that Bentley's that should do it
You ever drink that I think it's a Canadian product. I'm not sure. I like you know. I like the vix you know
Vix what
Formula 44
Oh, I can't find that. I'll call I do have Vix I could smear on my throat though
I do that when I go when I have a cold when I go to bed at night I smear Vix on my throat and under my nose you bet
You see how it helped yep
543 votes on a poll once we get to 600 Georgia's are gonna finish the show
ah
Get now.
Gotta blow up a thousand new projects.
420-560-QAM.
The Force Leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
And a man that's captain Alan's 470.
This is radio 560-QAM.
The Force Leader.
Neil.
God?
You're no one.
You're the greatest decision ever.
How about it?
Packed my pizza and shoved it into my checkered pants.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
Now you can't kick mo' without mo' mo'
All that makes got my mind so worried.
The best years of what remains of my life.
I gave to this place.
Just for old times I think I'll go in here on the views
of the blissfully pertinent room.
I've had enough for you to die.
Not using as the nobody I hate.
You've bested the struggle to leave your dead end.
You die.
You're no one.
Gonna stay home far away from here.
I'll hand my kids back to Ford and Carden.
I drove on cars.
I go to my orifice and lean out my desk.
That is if I only had an orifice or a desk.
I slept up to both Godhood of all weeks.
And watched the shoppers from a bench.
Let's go.
I wonder if Wayne in the mirror felt this way
when he got to end now for a day he did.
George, George, George, George.
George, George, George, George, George, George, George, George.
George, George, George, George, George, George.
I've been here but use for old queues.
They boys have left to me.
Who can win?
5-5-5!
10-46-14-4-11 at QAM.
See how that Bentley's just working all the way?
Sure.
That is the Fowlest tasting crabbit.
It tastes like battery acid.
Ooh, that's how you know it's good.
Ooh, God.
Probably just...
Eats out all your innards.
Like, um, Drain-O.
Maybe that would be good.
Sure.
Liquid Plumber.
And I take back what I said about Liquid Plumber that I mentioned that doesn't work.
Yes, you did sucks.
Now, did you just fax me this thing about
Update Anchor Sports Radio opening at QAM?
I did.
Someone found it in fact that it's us and I, uh, passed it along.
Thursday June 19th, it's dated.
We can go today.
It says WQAM is looking for a full-time update anchor.
The ideal candidate must have on-air experience,
ability to communicate quickly and clearly,
and be able to prioritize local sports news and national sports news in a concise fashion.
Ah!
Kennedy must also be able to work very fast and work under strict deadlines.
Sports knowledge and production skills also require it.
And so what's the ideal?
Who's who's leaving?
Don't know.
You know, there's a, like, rotating door in this place.
Who's leaving?
Not in.
How's Hendoin?
Fine.
Good?
Thank God.
Give him a big kiss for me.
I will.
He's one of the good people, Ken Moldin.
Yep.
And then we have some other people who are, you know, okay people,
but don't belong on-air.
A lot of those.
WQAM, hello.
Georgia.
Five.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey, I'm liking the, I'm liking the Supreme Court this morning.
I'm hugging my gun.
Yeah, squeeze it.
Yeah.
In fact, put it to your temple and give it a shot.
He's loving us a pain card.
He's loving his gun.
Ah, ah, ah, good.
Only crazy people are in love with guns.
Only men with really teeny tiny penises are in love with guns.
Guns exist for one purpose and one purpose only.
To kill something.
Yeah?
Some people got it coming.
Yeah, well, that's true.
I never thought about that.
And handguns exist for only the purpose of killing other people.
Right?
But like Ray Perry said, if we had a lot more handguns out there,
it would bring a lot more people to a death.
That's right.
Isn't that what he says?
Something like that.
Like if we had like 400 more sports radio talk stations,
it would, you know, they could all have a chair like, uh,
like Steve Lap over there in James Crystal.
That's true.
We had last week about James Crystal broadcasting.
Oh, that told me everything I needed to know about Norma Kent.
He's obsessed with those people.
Those people are his idea of what this industry is all about.
And that's why you and I are still here.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
Daniel, Sid Rosenberg says you're a predator
and a bet the small children.
I tend to agree with them.
Yeah, okay, good.
Well, I have a great life with Sid.
I hope you two have a good time together.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah.
I'll give you credit for a woman, Least you're not here to...
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
I heard you talking earlier about your sick and everything.
When I'm an ex-assiaral and I put some victim...
Right, good.
WDQAM, hello.
Now, George, it's time to Chris again.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Bill.
Let me say it again.
Yes.
How you doing, Neil?
I don't know.
I've got a couple of things for you.
First of all, I need you to settle a bet for me and my wife.
Uh-huh.
Years ago in the radio, you gave a definition of what Hmong was.
Do you remember what that was?
Yeah.
No.
About the goat hanging from the tree?
The goat hanging from the tree?
Yeah, you came up with a definition of Hmong was the equivalent of hanging a goat from a tree upside down, hitting it.
And what comes out of its nose is Hmong.
Okay, I never said that, but I'm, you know, whatever.
Okay, well then I lost the bet.
By the way, on your gun control, have George sent you the article in the herald today about the guy in Kentucky with a hangout that yesterday, uh, blew away like five of his coworkers.
Hmong.
That's what we needed.
If everybody had a gun, we had a lot more dead people.
And last but not least, I've been listening to you for 20 years.
I think it's the second time I call.
I still can't get over the fact that people call you with absolutely nothing.
Not that I contributed a whole lot.
Hey, listen, yours was, uh, you know, a stellar compared to anything else we've had so far.
Have a great life and you too.
That was an award winner.
Wouldn't you say it was like a coach in Jordan with the Jargers game.
You're a predator and I send Rosencranse Persons.
Oh, it says I use sock.
Yeah, this is the kid is filming a thymotha get up there with I'mus again.
Who?
A lot of think said Rosencranse dean.
Oh, maybe that's why they were talking about I'mus the other day.
See, one, like I said before the show today, there's only one additional thing I'll say about that.
I mean, we know he's old and seen.
I'mus, but how stupid can you be no matter what the point was he was trying to make when you get burned so badly
in the first time you don't go anywhere near the fire again.
Right?
That's what normal people do.
Right.
But in case you just got to look at death wish.
Right.
And so he just can't stay away from all the erasional comments and leaves himself wide open and they're sharped in on there,
opening up a big stupid mouth.
Like somebody died and left him the keys to the kingdom.
He's going to decide who's going to be on the air and who needs to be fired and all this other crap.
WCOM, hello.
And in the meantime, people like Michael Savage can get on here and say the most grotesque, hateful, bigoted garbage.
And that's okay.
5 6 7 0 5 6 6 8.
Gotta move up and down.
Gotta be.
Well, I sure we oughta start the draft show now.
Let's get that rally on the phone.
Great idea.
Yeah, and then we can just eat while the draft show is going on.
I think we got that.
I could be wrong.
I think we got one drop in that goes like, I'll find it.
Here it is.
Draft this.
Oh!
Like that.
WCOM, hello.
We've all been bo-
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Holy cow.
How about them cubbies?
It meant pathetic.
Sad.
Didn't they get beat?
I think they've been losing lately.
I'm not sure.
Marlins, by the way, lost 15 to three last dodges in case you missed that.
To those devilish dev arrays.
Oh, we can't have a name like that for our team.
The Lord is going to be so upset with tapah good.
If the Lord were smart, he'd low-temperate off the map.
What a horrendous place, man.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, it's, uh, I keep singing that thing too.
I can't get out of my head.
Yeah.
I catch it.
It's funny, but I'm not so funny.
It's pathetic.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's writhily, but, uh, I don't even move up and I'll sound.
Gotta move up and I'll down.
Yeah.
But anyway, the thing is about, and who cares about the damn coach of the heat, Andy Rothman,
anyway.
Yeah, exactly, huh?
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, aren't you dead yet?
Uh, I'm working on it.
WDQAM, hello.
Justin Jackson is a moron.
Ow!
That's all.
Now, by Tuesday, I'll be just like brand new.
That is if I leave right now, go back to bed.
No, no.
Just a joke.
All right.
Oh, and don't forget to join George this Saturday.
It's right.
It's right.
At the AT&T store at 5644, northwest 167th Street in Hylia.
But you should have a tremendous turnout in a location like that.
I'll play my card, right?
Yeah.
Come by for great deals on the hottest phones like the Sony Ericsson Walkman 580L plus
ask about AT&T Navigator.
Get turned by turn directions right from your phone and use it to find lowest gas prices
in the area.
What does that mean?
Get turned by turn directions.
In other words, it's got a GPS right there on your phone.
Oh!
That'll tell you where all that will work out.
All that will get some great Q&A prizes too.
The usual low budget crab deck we give away.
George will be there noon to two of this Saturday AT&T store at 5644, northwest 167th
Street in Hylia.
Not really.
It's 2 a.m.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
When is the hour?
Hello, I'm OK.
I just can't stand this guy's showing Hannity on Fox News.
I mean, they're a big or not be in the world in hell.
Then why do you watch it?
Well, I was flipping through actually that I was reading out on Fox News.
Why would you watch Fox News?
Well, I'm going to tell you.
You should let me talk.
Yeah.
Could you read out Flank and Spock?
No.
You don't.
Do you like outflank?
No.
No.
No.
But I like him.
Well, I think he's funny.
Anyway, he talks about Hannity and Combs and Hannity's in very very big letters and Combs
is in tiny little print because it's a notsystation.
Right.
I wanted to see what Spio came out of his mouth.
It was revolting.
I mean, he's saying that Democrats want $4.50 since the gap.
We don't want to drill.
Is that the dumbest thing you ever heard?
Yeah.
Well, I want to.
OK.
Let me say it again.
Let me say it again.
Don't watch Fox News.
See, he's already gone.
He's giving me a song to dance about if I would let him say something and I'm trying to
have a conversation.
But he's not interested.
He wants to hear the sound of his own voice because he had something so profound to say.
But Fox News is a bunch of notes.
He's in Sean Hannity's elunatic.
Like that.
That's a bulletin.
Write it down on your wrist, George.
Don't forget it.
OK.
Get the best hours.
Get it.
This is your last.
Forty-two-five-sixty-two-a-m.
Me.
Fourth.
Six.
Later.
The biggest news, the best talent.
You're listening to Sports Radio 560-wQ-a-m.
Miami Fort Lutter Dance.
This is a new Roger Shale.
You're—you're—you're—you're—you're—you're—you're—you're—you're—your brain.
No, no—no, no, don't worry.
Any question?
I love words.
I thank you for hearing my words.
I wanna say something about words that I…
I think it's important.
I love what I say to my work and my play, to my fashion words.
or all we have really. There are some people that aren't into all the words. There are some people that have you not used certain words.
Yeah, there are 400,000 words in English language and there are seven of them. You can't say on television.
What a ratio that is.
3993 to seven.
They must really be there.
They'd have to be out ranges.
They'd be separated from a food that large.
All of you over here, you seven.
Bad word.
That's what they told us, they were remembered. That's a bad word.
You know the seven, don't you, that you can't say on television?
Those are the heavy seven.
Those are the ones that'll infect your soul.
Curve your spine.
Keep the country from winning the war.
And it doesn't even belong on the list, you know?
Sounds like a snack, doesn't it, huh?
Yes. I know, it is, right.
I mean, noone abyscoed.
The new cheese.
Pizza.
Sesame.
Onion.
Cater.
That's the candy, just whoa.
Oh, that stuff started to work down.
Good. Got some nasty green crap coming up.
And some flim too.
Love it 0-2 at 560 WQM, 560-705-60.
Look at that phone, man. It's pretty lame, pretty lame.
Pound 560 and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
You notice the one thing we got now is that we're acquiring new collars
who each one of them has the same thing to say every time they call.
And they do it every day.
Every single thing.
Now they call you on Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
You know it. Really?
What you think you're special?
No, that's true. I never thought about that.
I don't know. I didn't know.
I don't want you to feel left out.
I'm not.
Oh, wait, I'm looking at the phone right now.
I do feel left out myself.
579 on the pull. Our goal is 600.
Once we get to that, we're just going to play.
Got to move up. We get to not down.
Whatever that is.
Don't forget we hit the NBA draft five hours tonight,
seven of midnight, because our management
are sicker than hell, man.
They're sick, crazy people.
WQM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah, I want to get on with Neil.
You're on.
Neil.
Yeah.
Yesterday on the late night.
I don't know if you happen to catch the trade between
German and Neil and DJ's board.
No, because I don't care.
Covering out just the NBA draft.
Turn it up a little louder.
Yeah, turn up real loud.
Okay, in fact, sit on it and the radio too.
I don't know if you happen to catch the trade
between a good life.
I have no luck.
Schmuck, five six seven, oh five sixty pound.
And for you know something, I think that pull we had the other day
about all sports radio.
That is the most evil thing that ever came down to pike.
That was the end of life and the world as we know it.
They certainly did this industry as we know it.
Much of lifeless, overgrown children who like to
little with balls.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, yesterday when I called these shows.
Yeah, when you called it was it was a same-phone-e-accent.
I was in the same phone-e-accent.
Where's the heat kept?
WQA and hello.
I called you to show yes of the news.
And I know.
Yeah, they're passing it back and forth now.
That's a new attack.
I guess they're writing out the material now.
It takes them a long time.
They stay up all night.
Now they're working on it.
Mm-hmm.
And material too.
Five six seven, oh five sixty pound, five sixty.
Now you know you could take a poll on the gun control thing on the Supreme Court.
But it is really pointless as you know.
Yes.
Because the gun nuts, they love their guns.
It's the American way of life and nobody don't in fact the most popular response last time we did one.
Don't effort my guns.
Don't effort my guns.
It's America baby.
I'm John Wayne.
I got my piece.
I got a whole bunch of packed away somewhere.
Don't mess with my effing guns.
That's America for you.
So that'll be the response you get if you're I mean you know do whatever you want.
But I'm just suggesting because then of course newsmax.com all the other right wing the right wing nut job
websites start creeping you know all of them as with my guns.
WQA M hello.
Hey how you doing?
Okay.
I will go over and got my birth tend to see you on vacation with my family.
Mm-hmm.
And I hear these people talking and your day was kind of white and probably had a lot of sheets in the closet meal.
And they're saying that if Obama gets elected they're going to have to do something to rectify it.
And I kind of said, but what's that mean he goes?
You know what I mean?
I said we got all this kind of ammunition and surface air missiles and bazookas.
It's going to have to do a joke.
I mean is that like very naive or are these people?
Oh my god.
I was talking about very naive.
Why would anybody go on vacation to Gatlingburg Tennessee?
Well my family wanted to go up there to Tennessee now.
Oh my god.
I gagged your rhythm.
I dump them all.
When you get rid of your family if they made you go to Gatlingburg Tennessee?
I don't think I've ever been there.
Well don't.
WQA M hello.
No thing like you thought about.
QA M hello.
Any other morning or while you?
Okay.
I went on your website and I put some pictures of George.
He's so ugly.
Oh my god.
Yeah I guess he won't be asking me out then.
It's alright I got a lot of them.
Oh my god.
Oh we've got some shocking news here just so that you just facts to me from the scum sentinel.
Let me find the appropriate drop in.
Here it is.
I wanted to give you the real thing right now.
Ryan Norcross.
You fairy.
Well became a household main coaxing South Florida through Hurricane Andrew 92 says this
unsentinel.
It's calling it quits as a TV weather forecaster.
We're going to have to come up with a new weather furry.
Now that Miss Kamal's in the slamer and Brian Norcross is leaving Channel 4.
Norcross 57 is notified officials of Channel 4 that he will not renew his contract which
expires Monday.
So we can focus on this private emergency communications business.
Last time I'd be on the air was Tuesday night.
He's done.
Won't see him no more.
It's going to be a funny feeling personally sent in a review but I just know it's the right
thing.
After watching reports about flooding in the Midwest, Norcross said he realized he could
no longer provide quality hurricane coverage and also tend to America's emergency network.
The firm allows residents and TV stations to receive emergency alerts and other critical
information during a hurricane or any other disaster.
Norcross created the private venture along with Max Mayfield, former director of the National
Hurricane Center.
Sean McDonald present in GM of Channel 4 said the station had hoped that Norcross would
continue his role as a hurricane specialist, a disaster specialist.
If you see him on your screen, you know it's a disaster.
We respect this decision we regret that for now, a no longer play rule with our weather
team McDonald's on a statement, Brian's wildly respected as one of the country's leading
hurricane experts and will always have the gratitude and admiration of this community
for his efforts during Hurricane Andrew.
You ferry.
No crosshair national recognition as well as any award for his 23-hour marathon broadcast
advising staff for millions have a survive the category 5 hurricane August 24, 92.
McDonald said the door is still open for Brian to return it something.
How come those of us who were working our asses off around the clock at Iodina have
never got any awards?
Not that I'm big on awards, but how come we never got any recognition?
Radio.
I'll screw them.
Screw you TV people, okay?
I don't know too many people with battery operated TV sets.
I know they have them, but not how many people have got them.
I have the word.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
A lot of people have battery operated radios.
In fact, when they tell you how to prepare for a hurricane, one of the things they
tend to have is a battery operated radio.
Not TV set.
McDonald said the door is still open for Brian to return it sometime in the future.
A possibility that our cross is not ruled out.
That we've been a bit about.
Brian or cross is done.
592 votes on Chris's poll.
He's pretty pleased about that.
And by the way, before anybody else calls about how Chris looks or I look or George looks,
we're all ugly, okay?
Everybody knows that the pictures are right there.
How we do with those pictures, by the way?
What do you mean by the black man?
Who said, yeah?
WDQYM, hello?
Radio.
Yes, sir.
Hey, do you believe that this guy in North Cross, they're going to throw a parade for him?
Who said, yeah.
That's what they said, they're saying.
They're going to throw it down Andrew.
No, you're getting confused.
It's a Pride Week.
Oh, okay.
It is.
At least it is here.
I don't know about there.
It's Pride Week.
That is in Pride.
Six hundred votes even on the poll now.
I can go back to bed.
Is that really true?
They're going to throw up parade or is he just making that up?
I don't know.
Got him.
Move up and down.
You're psychic, man.
What do you mean?
The Zack opens the door and you start singing that.
Oh, no.
Why do you open the door?
I don't know.
I guess he wants to do it live.
And the son or two?
Give him a microphone there, Chris.
I don't lie him doing that live or recorded.
That's the most embarrassing thing.
I've got to go up and not down.
One, two, three, four.
What else do you want Neil?
I got it.
What do you want?
Beasley or Rose?
Bruce Beasley or Joe Rose?
Yeah, sir.
I think it would be a real hoot if a kid named Beasley got back to body beat.
Oh, yeah.
Life on the New Roger's stove.
Three, four, get down.
Beasley or Rose?
Got to go up and not down.
Got to go up and not down.
What else do you want?
Like I said, we have 600 to 200 votes on the poll.
I'm going back to bed.
Here's George.
Sorry.
Let me get him out of there.
I'm sorry.
Get him out of there.
Oh.
Oh, this is the all we do are at the end of the hour.
We're going to be doing our thing.
Right.
Our Neil Deal for rivals, which that would go pretty good that always does.
Yep.
There's certain places that go on like in a heartbeat.
And there are other places that they're not all that's from me.
Which may be very, very good.
For example, what was the place in Hollywood?
I love.
Saratoga.
Saratoga.
That we still got some leftover for there.
And why George is phenomenal about it.
Right.
There are things about it.
Well, you know what Brian Norcross would say.
What?
It's big.
Hi.
This is Brian Norcross for your WQAM official information set up for Hurricane George.
Don't panic.
Get your water.
And run.
Run.
We're going to die.
Oh.
The biggest names of the stars.
This is your largest sport with your 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
The third leader.
It got to work a little hotter on the nest you want.
I rose, you judiciary.
There's a lot of hot drizzles.
That's right, watch your back and come back.
Well, you won't wait for no, no bow.
But you'll bat back and you won't wait for no bleeding.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, above, above the clouds Oh, above theulating stars oh, above the illumination of untold flowers it's twelve என by, above the望 sky turns you to a monster and broader defines him, that all is my true obsessed friend no longer appears, real unconscious contain
The rising thing that's happened so far this year, Neil accepted a pay cut and re-up for WQA
and one of Puts, 199 votes.
A black guy won the Democratic nomination 127.
Gas hit four bucks a gallon, 80.
Oh my God.
Neil actually served us for a rare public appearance, 64.
Hillary didn't win at 49.
Tim Roscied died, 37.
George Carlin died, 34.
I love words.
The primary is lasted that long, 18.
And Joel Feinberg gets the ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket,
ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket, one.
One.
Wow, he's busy with his auto racing career and girlfriend beating career and whatever
else.
I think he got out there just in time if he asked me before he had lost any more money.
One thing about Joel, he knows when to pull out.
615 votes on the pool, man, our goal is 750.
I just made that up.
What do you think Chris?
750?
Yeah, then we can do that.
I mean, this is a, well, when did I put this on here?
Oh, last night, late last night.
So it didn't have like much of a head start.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's get some new cars on here today who want to call and have some really brilliant
discussions and solve the problems of the world.
What do you say?
You think?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And pound 5, 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
Keep in mind that it's not tourist season, but nevertheless there might be a few people
in South Florida from other parts of the world who are listening to the show right now and
want to get, you know, they want to soak into flavor what South Florida is really all
about.
You follow what I'm saying?
What's it all about?
And they can do it from these calls on his show.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, Ola.
Oh, no, there's a good one.
Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, if you sign the news, need to.
Oh, God.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
I'm punching this thing and nothing is happening.
Wouldn't that be bad if all of a sudden got all from one jet?
Trashajik.
There it would be sad.
Q-A-M, hello.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
You like it?
Ah!
Oh, there it is.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, ah, Neil.
Yeah.
Ah!
Man, he's off days of killing me.
Anyhow.
Ah!
Yeah.
I really got nothing to talk about now.
Why did you, let me ask you a question.
Why did you dial the number?
I don't know because I like this show.
And I thought I could come up with something funny from the time I called to the time he picked
up.
Sometimes I'll say a couple of things now, man, in the last item.
But I don't know.
I really pooped out this time.
Yeah, well don't poop out again.
We'll get some great poop on.
And poop on it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Remember what I just said only moments ago about the intellectual of those?
People with some brilliant observations about life in general and south road is specifically.
What about Futsi?
What are we going to do about him with the Red Nose reindeer?
What do you mean?
I don't know.
I don't pay any attention to him anymore.
Is he still on the ear?
I don't know.
You're the only one who pays any attention to your QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
WQAM.
Hello.
You are a predator.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Two things.
A possible shameless request.
Uh-huh.
Rubbin on Jesus.
May I come on Jesus?
You're not going to need it?
No, it's too long.
It's too long.
Uh-huh.
And how about an idea for Bokobry and the BB King song when Love came to town?
Just put when Joe Bell came to town in there.
I like that.
That's good.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
Is it a good call?
When Joe Bell came to town.
When it went fat ass, Jolly, Joe Bell came to town.
Oh, oh, oh, Neil.
Did you see this article?
Neil.
Leave me alone.
Joe.
We have five and a half years to go.
I'll be here every day when I'm physically capable of doing it.
Other than that, leave me alone.
Take care of George.
Oh, by the way, speaking to take care of George, you ever called Bob Green?
I'm sure you didn't.
No, I keep forgetting.
Well, why not?
I keep forgetting.
Maybe he's got something for us.
Maybe.
But I keep forgetting.
You're pathetic, you know.
You're gonna.
I'm gonna.
I'm gonna do this.
I'm gonna go do this.
Yeah, and then I get high and forget.
Yeah, right.
Everybody QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
You know, first of all, there was a study somewhere.
I think it's like over 75% of people were done in their home.
Usually the criminal users against them first.
Anyway, for them to get to it.
No one.
Number two is going to be a little painful, but I'll stay anyway.
You know, first they got over a long ago.
And then only Joe can, I know you hate hockey park, but no one's even called and said anything.
I can't freaking believe it.
And the excuse they used is because one of the new guys, first of all, it's going to be their goalies for the...
Nobody cares.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
Take care of George.
You got Jacques Marton.
You got a frog.
A loser, a born loser for the GM.
And a coach that nobody ever heard of, obviously, works cheap.
Nice going, Alan Cohen, destroying the organization.
Here's a man who came in and knows, has no idea what he's doing.
But he's the owner now because Wayne dumped out.
Wayne bailed out.
Went and doubt Wayne bailed out.
All the time he does that.
Did you notice that pattern?
Nope.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
0.5, 60, and a Verizon singular wireless line.
Boy, you're right.
They're pretty slim and grim today.
Slim pickens.
WDQA M Hello.
Hi, they're mailers.
What are you talking about?
WDQA M Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
I was trying to find a good machine this weekend over at a...
Nick Asuki.
Out of the whole place.
I only found two video game poker machines out of the entire casino.
I thought that was pretty crazy.
But I got a question.
When you see that the 7-0s now get blackjack, you would assume that probably in the next 10 years games like Crabson,
who might make their way down to Florida.
What do you think are the odds that there would ever be a sportsbook?
Would you say maybe about 20 to 25 years before they would allow something like that to be?
I hope it had any idea and I couldn't care less.
All right.
Yeah.
Couldn't care less.
Sportsbook.
Bending on G.A.M. is man.
Perfect for this radio station.
I'll never forget when we first came to QAM.
It's one of the most depressing things I've ever seen.
All these punks, all these producers, these punks running around.
And they all had compulsive gambling here.
They all had their own bookies.
And it was like hanging in the hay.
We're like their mentors.
And they were like all a punch in their guts out.
I never worked in a place like that.
Did you?
No.
It was a culture shock then and I'm still suffering from it.
What do you think about that Yankee game?
How many points you give in the South-Excavator?
How many, I mean, what are we talking about here?
What are we talking about?
Crazy people is what we're talking about.
Yeah, the idea that we could have a full casino in South Florida is so revolutionary.
I mean, how many, and then of course, Casino Stan will be calling in again about that.
Can you believe that, Callie, other day?
I told him, oh, this and I told him that.
He is the gambling maven.
That's something you can bet on.
If anybody's talking about Casino's or any kind of casino gambling, Casino Stan will be there with his rickled up pants and a rickled up head.
Let me go pass this one.
Let me go pass this one.
He's the rickled up head.
And I go by FDQAM.
The fourth leader.
Howard David's a bitch.
Dad was having trouble remembering my son's name.
How are you?
What now, Grandpa?
For a young man with very little experience, he's done very well.
And doing everyday things.
What are you doing with that bow and arrow?
I know how to boil.
These problems may not be normal aging.
They could be early signs of Alzheimer's disease.
I have the oldness.
The oldness it takes to...
I give it as mild to moderate Alzheimer's, aerocept can help.
I admire respect.
My great, great, great grandchildren.
Parasept is helping him do better because we want to increase people's taxes.
If it's Alzheimer's, aerocept can help.
I am very happy to be a fireman.
Oh yeah, he's a real panic.
1131 at 560 WDQAM, a 25-year-old press operator,
shot and killed five co-workers and himself.
And a plastics plan, rural western Kentucky just hours after arguing with a supervisor,
about not wearing safety goggles and using his cell phone while on the assembly line police said yesterday.
He got pissed off and fired up, baby.
And in America, when you get pissed off and fired up, you know what you do?
You go get a gun.
You got one there?
No, I got some ribs and I'm eating them.
Oh, all the food is there already?
Well, I'll be damned.
And booze.
From rivals, food and booze.
Oh, God.
They were good drinks over there and they liked to share them.
Authorities said Wesley Higden, if Henderson, Kentucky, was so riled by the argument with a supervisor,
they called his girlfriend and told her that he wanted to kill his boss.
Oh, that sounds like a plan.
The girlfriend didn't warn anyone police and just two hours later Higden argued with another co-worker,
then shot and killed the supervisors they walked outside.
Then he returned and shot at co-workers in a break room and on the plant floor.
A man who called 911, frankly described the violence, seemed to have dispatched her,
tallying up the number of dead around him.
There's more than two people there.
There's like one, two, three, four, five people dead a man said the supervisors dead too.
Authorities said Higden was known to keep a 45 caliber pistol in his car, which is not illegal and Kentucky.
You can be damn sure of that.
And then good old boys, they're packing it.
They're packing heat.
And not in their pants either.
The first shooting took place as the supervisor was escorting him from the building.
Other co-workers were shot in a break room and on the plant floor.
One worker was injured and being treated in the critical care unit at St. Mary's Hospital and Medical Center in Evansville, Indiana.
He just walked in, looked like he meant business and started shooting at everybody.
Henderson Police Sergeant John Neville said a news conference.
The killing stunned the Ohio River town of about 28,000 people,
where local leaders said many residents knew or are related to a worker at the plant.
The plant operated by Atlanta based Atlantis Plastics, employs about 160 people
and makes parts for refrigerators and plastics signing for homes.
He was pissed off, baby.
Went to his car, he got his peace.
Now he's not pissed off like he told himself to.
Four of the five victims, remember, is the same Michael's Catholic church in Seabree, Kentucky, said the Reverend Jason Reclure,
who had spent most of the morning with the victims' families.
Atlanta's Plastic Center on its website that is a leading US manufacturer of three kinds of products,
polyethylene stretch films for wrapping pallets of materials,
custom films for industrial and packaging uses,
and molded plastic pieces used in products such as appliances and recreational vehicles.
But a big fatibu, but about this, this goes on every day.
Sign America, man. They love their guns.
You get pissed off? Kill a box of people.
Obama holds a 12-point edge over McCain in the LA Times Pool.
He's taken a size of a lead at the opening of the General Election campaign in LA Times Bloomberg.
Pull has found in a two-man race between the major party candidates,
registered voters chose Obama over McCain,
49-37% of the national pool,
and a four-man ballot that included Ralph Nader and Bob Barr,
voters chose Obama over McCain,
48-33%.
How do you like that?
You like it?
Oh, that's right, you're eating. I'm sorry.
Yeah, whatever. Yeah, I like it.
Eating ribs.
And what are you eating near Tubby?
We got them sliders over here, the Kobe beef sliders.
Oh, I like those.
Ribs.
Ribs, sliders, and chicken wings,
and wings,
and things.
I'm drinking poor too, I'm sure.
Uh-huh.
658 votes on the pool, but we are really on fire.
We're flaming on the, uh...
FAMING!
...on the website.
And on the phone, it's a different story.
WDQAM, hello.
QA and hello.
Meal.
Meal.
Yeah.
Is it true that the sub-cendant was rehiring Jim Sani?
Who knows and who cares?
But you care?
No. Do you care?
Yes.
Why?
Because I want to know about broadcast sports.
Oh, yeah. He, he, he don't even own a radio.
Are you kidding me?
Get out of here.
Are they rehiring Jim Sani?
This is the kind of stuff that South Florida worries about.
Is the Sun Sentinel gonna rehire facturred Jim Sani?
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Taco, your game.
Yeah, no kidding.
638 votes on our award winning pool.
And no calls on the board.
Which, in this case, maybe just as well.
Let's have to do it.
Mmm, food though.
I'm not eating any food, okay?
Pig.
You should cow.
Cow.
Just shovel it down.
Get a shoe horn.
Just get a, uh, good Kobe Sliders.
Get a crowbar and just shovel it down your fat.
Purs, kill yourself.
You don't need no crowbar.
That's okay.
His jaw actually unhinges, you know, kind of like a snake.
Shhh.
Tragic.
There's nothing wrong with a good meal.
But you're just, you're just out of control.
You're bigger than life itself.
You're going to be dead before you're 40.
You'll never make it to 40.
I love you too.
Am I right, George?
There's no question.
We'll be, we'll be mourning another big fat dead person who wouldn't listen.
Stop being a cow, okay?
Okay.
Okay, is he, is he shoveling it in there?
Yeah, yeah, I can hear it here.
I'm eating a Kobe Slider.
What do I want me to do?
How is it?
Awesome.
That's a got cheese, you know.
It's got a little bit of cheese on it.
It's got some, um...
Yeah.
Try to find out what the, uh, the garnish that's on top of it.
It's kind of like...
It's kind of cheese.
What is it?
A grilled tomato.
A grilled tomato.
Mmm.
Clovers.
Onion jam.
Onion jam.
Oh, I jam on it.
I'm right.
Like a red onion jam.
I'm, I'm pretty PO that you're there and I'm here.
Because I could use it, see, would like, nurse me back to health.
You don't need it.
W-Q-A-M-H-O.
Q-A-M-Pig-Fest, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
I want to ask you a couple questions about things that you said.
Uh, what is plunging your guts out actually mean?
Well, what, what do you mean, what does it mean?
Well, what do you think it, what do you think it is?
So, what did it come from on, I'm, you know, I made it up.
Okay, and what's the, what do you think it means?
I think it means playing with a lot of machines.
No, I mean, any kind of gambling.
Okay, and what's the, what's the, what's the key?
Let me, let me tell you right now, you know what the biggest problem in the world is?
Can I tell you?
I'm listening to many dumb goyem.
567-0560, pound 560, I mean, Verizon singular wireless line, make no mistake about it.
There's no, no, no, nothing is even a close second.
WDQA M, hello.
Neil, the garage is a lazy, it's fire drugs.
Yeah, I, I was so lazy, I'd have, what's his name, screen of calls there.
Chris, if he weren't so lazy, and we keep your stupid ass off the air.
You know, I was thinking about that during the last break, which I don't think about a very often banked skyd.
But here are these two morons, and this is their life.
This show every day, this is their life.
Right?
That's it, there's nothing else.
I'm calling over it, over it, over it, over again with the same stale garbage.
And you notice the fascination of the obsession they have with you by the way.
Oh, I know, it's a deep...
Jarge is gay, Jarge is ass, Jarge is hard.
They're life, fire, Jarge.
It's a deep heart kind of a love.
Mm-hmm.
And this is their life.
As fast as redol can read all the phone, that's all.
And they make tapes of it, and they make a CDs of it, of the calling out the show, and other show.
And this is their life calling the talk shows.
They're proud of it.
And of course, what they're shouting from the ragtors is...
I have no life.
Right.
Deputy QAAM, hello.
You know, I definitely agree about the too many dumb goyam, but there's also a lot of scheming, conniving Jews, man.
You got to agree.
Mm-hmm.
And let me tell you something else.
So, let me ask you, if you're not a mooching little Mexican, you're not in 15, huh?
You, you got to be a mooching little Mexican?
Is George right in your material for you or what?
Yeah, he's sent it to him by email.
Yes, right now.
I'm sure he's given it to you.
And the material too.
Six hundred forty-four votes on the full.
Nothing about George.
Anybody I like is Scott.
Well, whatever, whatever.
Any boy I don't do with that?
I have nothing to do with that.
What do you blame in me for?
What do you mean by that?
You're the one that went on the air, but the fact belly again, I went down the air by one.
The fact, I didn't say anything about what's going on up there.
You're the ones.
About the facts.
Facts of life?
Yeah.
What facts?
About your life up there.
I didn't go on the air and spill any of that.
These people depends based on what's obvious.
Based on you talking about somebody no to no.
Shameless.
Shameless.
The sacks remain.
I had nothing to do with that.
Shameless and outrageous.
It is.
What are you doing?
You don't know enough of you.
You don't even know about the birthday party.
No, that's not what you mean.
Yeah, the birthday party.
What the fuck!
What the fuck?
You're the one who didn't know that.
I am the fourth leader.
You're a band.
Hello, this is it, Miss Heather.
And I don't know I'm Sean, just in all these stuff we've had these to make me feel like a little big-time.
He dropped crowds.
He said, wow, that's like a baby sum.
I don't know who his little girl is.
I'm the one who's the big guy.
If we need a teeny, buddy, little 40 shots, a tube shot in his shot, maybe I love really hot.
He didn't fake that anyone would notice. He'd look like a Hershey's kid.
Hershey's kid, he didn't be. He has a really good rock, but wasn't blessed with a ball.
That's no truth. He has no, I bet posh proud that so, damn.
He has nothing to love. That's why his voice. So just like a chick, my baby skinny soccer home.
He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy. He's got a baby, buddy
It's amazing, isn't it? It is shocking. Four T-tail noon at 5'60. WDQ AM. George and Rei昕 are eating at
Wee whee, whoop whee, whoop whee, whoop? Whoop whee, whoop. Whoop whee, whoop. Whoop whee, whoop whew, whoop whee. Whoop whew, whoop. Whoop. Whoop whee, whoop whee, whoop whee. Whoop whee. Whoop whoop whew, whoop. Everybody else are together right now.
Beef, cheese, lettuce, good lettuce, and then put some taco sauce on them.
Little ones like red and green onions, and I got some Kobe beef sliders that I'm saving for last.
Because they're the best.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, it is not a colon and boar, man.
I've said these are the dog days, is the understanding of the century, which makes it even much worse.
Because one thing about the acronics, it didn't make any difference.
What time of the year it is, where most other normal people are, who might have some kind of a life.
These people are always here, depend on it, make no mistake about it.
Am I right? Yes. Yes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60, and the Verizon Singular wireless line.
I'll wait. Just like Santino, I'll wait.
Deputy QYM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Am I online? I'm in your room.
Yes. You are? You're on right now, yes.
Yes.
Yes, you are.
Can you put some music?
I beg your pardon?
Can you put some music?
What does that mean?
Like, you know, music. Like, I want 100 music.
What are you listening to?
To your show.
Yeah, then why do you want to hear music?
For a little bit. Just like, a little break.
No.
Why?
Because it's not a music show.
I know, but don't you want to just like take a break sometimes?
No.
You want to get a call like this? I do. I want to break my neck.
No, I don't do that.
What do you want to hear?
For a little bit.
Yeah.
And...
I'll figure out if you'll call.
Yeah, I'll go to the bathroom.
And then the place you can do.
Okay, well, don't do it again.
All right.
Okay.
I don't know. See, in her case, I think she'll take my advice.
Could you play some music?
Could you play some music?
Oh, I got better than that.
Do you?
She was a community.
No, that's not it.
I am CDA Cruz and I am dead now.
That's it.
Yeah, let's play some CDA Cruz.
Or let's just play music.
Or we could always play a...
Gotta go and move up and I'd go.
Or we could always play a...
Don't burn over again.
Don't you share. Guaranteed.
No, forget we got that big NBA draft show.
You got to be daft to listen to the draft.
For five stinking, long, excruciating hours,
seven of midnight tonight.
Only crazy people would do that.
Only people insane, like a management of this radio station.
Crazy people.
People who sit at home and sniff dirty, old, smelly, sweaty, jock straps in their spare time.
And everdaily they have a lot of it.
WQAM, hello.
QAM!
QAM, hello.
Hello?
Yes.
Yeah, hey Neil, I wanted to ask you, are my ambient?
Yeah, sounds like you, yeah.
Oh, okay.
I want to ask you, what is the... is it a rumor?
Or is it the thing that's possible that South Florida is going to come to its own state?
And...
What do you think the cap will be?
Or do you think it should be?
Let me say it again.
No, it's not going to happen.
Okay.
And do you want it to happen?
You know what I want?
You just want it to happen.
That's what I want.
Just call the end.
Oh wait.
Gotta move up and out down.
Gotta gotta move up and out down.
You know, there's one thing that's always just...
Remember, at IOD, we had a kid from Cincinnati who came in and recorded that rap.
Remember that?
Sure.
I remember what his name was.
I remember he looked pretty good.
Cory?
Yeah.
God, what a memory you got.
How can you remember that?
I saved the tape because Rick and Suds introduced it.
Oh my God.
His mom had money.
That was all.
And I sat there and I watched an amazement.
It was...
The settlement.
Sure.
Why was this white kid trying so desperately to be a black rapper?
You know?
I don't understand that whole thing.
I guess because blacks supposedly are cooler than white people.
They invent cool.
I see everything that they do because they're black.
The young white guys want to be as black as they can without changing their skin color, of course.
But they want to be as black and culturally as they possibly can.
I think it's something that you ought to send a note up to IMS.
Maybe he can talk about it tomorrow.
Good plan.
Napi-editors.
In fact, maybe you can get a hold of...
Well, Sud Rosencran shortsteen and the predator and he can...
You know, maybe place for the national predators.
And he can pass it along to his good buddy.
The I-man.
Well, I-man.
I sure hope you're not going to get fired again, I-man.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I-N-E-L wonderful program.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
A-N-E-L, Ted Bell here.
Venter of the big potato.
Luminum full trick.
How you doing?
The what?
I'm the one invented putting the aluminum floor around the big potato.
Around your ass, yeah.
Huh?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hola.
Hello, Leo.
Hello, yes.
Leo, are you still like Luis Miguel?
He's alright, he's got a fat ass, he's okay.
What's your favorite song?
What's your favorite song of it?
I don't know.
Oh, one more thing.
Georgia's crevendomaricone.
You wish.
Same old boring, tired monotonous crap.
Madicone, Madicone, Madicone.
All kinds of stories out of heaven by the way.
They try to have a gay-were pride parade there.
And all of them in a Catholic church is all pissed off
because they're doing things to decrease homophobia
and make people more sensitive.
Like not killing quite as many fags.
And probably that's because Raoul is in charge now.
You know Raoul?
Yes, I don't know.
Deputy Q-A-M, hello.
Deny it, don't believe it, don't believe it.
Come on out here.
To a clock, that's all we got.
Don't ask me why.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, Catholic.
Q-A-M.
Hello, I speak the deal.
Speaking, yes.
Hey, Neil, how the hell are you?
Okay.
Uh, you know, I just heard a, uh,
you earlier you were saying that, uh, you were full of venom.
I don't think you're full of venom.
I think you're full of crap.
But I think you're full of venom.
Yeah.
And...
Oh, and that was it.
That was a Medlea's material.
Great.
Excellent.
Talk about crap.
That was the crap, Maister.
6.62 and a pool of divas still eating or what?
Do they bring food here?
I'm still eating.
I hope not.
Especially for Chris.
And we would like to at least have Chris come back and finish the week with you tomorrow.
Yeah, our drinks are a dessert.
Yes.
And one of the drinks.
I have a cake.
You can bring it up here.
Mm-hmm.
Don't forget we got that coming up in just a couple minutes.
And George is a second lady.
I'm going to get all the thick tongues here in a minute.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Well, that guy, that guy really...
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Good morning.
Yes, ma'am.
I just wanted to ask you a question.
Is there any intelligence left in South Florida anymore that lives to the radio?
No.
What the hell is happening to this town?
You tell me.
I don't know.
I've listened to talk radio for 25 years.
I was like out of high school.
And it used to be interesting.
And it used to hear opinions and have discussions and like intelligent conversations.
And now people are just calling to hear their silly voices on the radio.
Right.
You got it.
It's stupid things.
It's so sad.
And it's embarrassing.
It's embarrassing for this entire community that these people can't call and have a...
a serious or a, you know, intelligent something to say.
Well, let me know when that's going to start again.
Well, no, you let me know because then, you know, I want to go back to listening to it again
and maybe learning something about...
Uh-huh.
Thank you very much.
We were all learning something.
But we're learning there's idiots left that listen to talk radio.
That's it.
No, there's idiots left in South Florida.
That's what we're learning.
Lots of them.
That's so sad.
But I think you're great.
I think George is great.
I appreciate what you do every day.
I'm glad you're going to stay on the radio.
And I hope they put George on more because it's all good with you guys.
Oh, yeah.
I think Noona too today sounds good.
No.
Have a great day.
Stay on till two.
Okay, bye.
Bye.
Come on more, George.
I think Noona too sounds magnifical.
Case slacker.
Finish up the day.
I've got to eat over here.
Up yours.
I'm drinking.
I drink this.
That is you.
Four minutes till Noona, QAIM.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
This is I with this news.
President Bush is getting ready to head home following his week-long trip to Europe.
Bellfast Northern Ireland is not among the biggest European capitals, but President Bush
made it his last stop.
So let me say directly to the Canadian people, and to all of you here today who welcome the Americans.
Are you the Spanish or Spanish?
Mr. President, you're in Ireland, not Canada.
I know.
The Irish speak English, not Spanish.
I know that.
I'm asking for the vote.
Who is this?
And the people of Ukraine.
What?
Did I say those words?
What a news.
Sometimes the words get mischaracterized.
Sometimes, you know, what I say.
Why not be a jack?
What they say is they're not exactly what I say.
You failed.
Okay, 12 noon at 5.60 W.Q.M.
We got the jerk show.
Come up at 2.M.A.D.O.G.D.4.
And then we got, oh boy.
The NBA draft.
You're a daft if you listen to the draft.
Seven to 11.
Midnight.
Five hours.
We don't have 31 left.
We had 50 certificates.
Don't move fast.
The rivals ought to move really fast.
Always does.
And if it doesn't, it means that we got nobody listening.
I'm going to buy them.
You don't need to buy them.
29.
They're going like hotcakes.
And deservedly so.
But I sure wish I was there to enjoy that food.
That's, uh, alright that you're not.
That way we get more.
Oh, okay.
But somebody there doesn't need more.
Okay, I don't want to mention any names.
But we did that appearance there at Gulfstream.
And I saw this child.
I mean, seriously, something's got to be done.
You know what, Don, it's yourself, they're old, man.
I got news for you.
Okay, I'm a 65-year-old, faddle, queen.
Okay.
And I don't come close to your girth.
My God, you're trying to like cast talk about it.
And that would be like a Ron Jeremy calling somebody else Harry.
God.
That's right.
You fat turd burger you put in joy at anyway.
You only live once.
That's right.
And in your case, it won't be long.
Not long yet.
That's for show.
26 left, but we got almost half of the sold in a couple of minutes.
We got a machine event coming up in Cincinnati live on CNN.
He's going to take a breath.
Not a deep breath, just like a quick, you know, shallow breath.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
Hey, I think all you sports folks talking about Shaq and Kobe and Shaq and Kobe.
You know, all I have to say to Shaq is,
right here.
Well, he sure worked on that pretty heavy duty didn't he?
How about you worked on it for hours?
I know, the committee made it.
I was asleep so we wouldn't forget any of the lines.
Right.
We're dire.
We're dire.
We're spoiled coffee the whole night long.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to thank you for not being one of those greedy talk co-hosts
that's charged to listen to you on the internet.
Uh-huh.
Are you out of your compliment, or that I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
I lived here, out of state, you could listen to you on the floor.
What do you, what do you mean you want to compliment me for that?
I mean, if I thought that I'd get people to pay for it, I would charge them.
I don't think that I think you, I think you would enjoy letting the public hear what you want to say.
No, I do not.
I don't want to, I want the money, man.
Don't give me the son to dance about it.
Having the public enjoy what I hear to have to say.
I want the money.
All right, my friend.
You have to say.
Thank you, sir.
Better change your altitude.
Okay, quick, the kiss of my ass.
You're not my type.
Trust me.
How are we doing on here?
23, man.
They're going, they're going in chunks for rivals in Hollywood.
They should be gone by 1230, I would think.
I know, yeah.
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah.
Leave it to Chris.
He'll chime in there.
Oh, yeah.
450 more votes.
We'll have 1200.
All right.
Now, what happened yesterday?
Did we get to the 900 that you were screaming about or not?
Yeah, right.
Just as we were going to next show.
Oh, that was two days ago, two days.
We did?
Yep.
I think you're lying.
I think Disney made it up.
Why would I lie?
Because you're about to.
Because you're you, because you're fat.
I'm not going to get any money for lying.
So why would I lie?
You're fat and devious and dangerous.
Full of crap.
Nobody can hear you.
Nobody can hear you.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's Shaq.
I'm here on my ass.
Yes, sir.
I'm here on my ass.
How many QAAM?
Hello.
Is there a limit to how many of those off-price fields I can get?
Five.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Okay, cool.
I'm going to buy all five.
Cutter punch each.
Thank you, Neil.
Okay.
Good.
Excellent.
We only got 22 left.
So we better hurry.
I'm going to eat better.
I'm going to move quickly.
Because once again.
They got.
Yeah, start.
What?
It just relax.
Just keep eating.
Okay.
We'll survive.
A lot of pressure.
Why are you ignoring us?
And just shoveling all that free food down your puss.
There's something strange on the phone.
I'm not talking about the calls.
I couldn't say.
But, no, no, seriously.
About the way that the lines are lighting.
Have you noticed that?
Nope.
Three five six, three five six, three five six.
You see that?
Oh, yeah.
Well, they don't come in in order.
In other words, the first line is line three and...
W-Q-A-M.
Hello, Mashi.
Uncle Neil.
Yes.
I missed you.
Yeah.
Where were you?
W-A-M.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Okay.
Good question.
These crazy mental myths that...
There's a lot of these group of people that just keep calling you.
Mm-hmm.
Why?
What is...
I have no lines.
I have no lines.
I have no lines.
I have no lines.
That's why.
This is their life.
And, apparently, there's nothing you can do.
I know you've talked about it.
But...
No, no, no, no, no.
There's nothing that this station or this company is willing to do.
Nothing.
I mean, can't you pay a private detective to get their numbers?
Oh, yeah.
Joe Bell's got a private detective.
He's going to call up Shrylock Holmes and he's going to get a...
Columbo on the case.
Get out of here.
Private detective, my ass.
Remember those days?
Oh, Joe Bell's got a private detective friend and he's going to get involved in...
Joe Bell couldn't give a crap lesson if Erwin calls was...
How's that?
I'm your friend.
He couldn't care less.
Because those people are...
When it comes to humor, they're on the same level that he is.
Oh, Neil, did you get the bad news up there in Toronto?
I don't know if the news got up there.
You had Tim Russell died.
Oh, oh, oh.
That was the beginning of the call on Thursday, like a Friday last week.
18 left is all we got.
What weren't you amazed and amused?
Well, not amused.
I'm amazed.
He just keeps trying to be a comedian.
What have I always told you?
There is nothing worse.
There is nothing less funny than people who aren't funny trying to be funny.
You know what I'm saying?
Nobody's saying.
I'm saying Joe Bell ain't funny.
He's as funny as most of these colors.
17 left.
560-560-0.560, I'll leave Erwin and sink in a wireless line.
WQA M, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Let me try it again.
Yes, sir.
Goodbye.
WQA M, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Let's talk it out.
Yeah, let's get rid of your ass.
No.
I just want to talk and be a bit...
About what?
Talk about what?
I hope that all these people wake up and shut those in the real Bama.
This is the quarter-slot guy.
This is the quarter-slot hole.
Yeah.
Now, what did I tell you last week?
What did you tell me?
I said don't ever call the show again.
Well, I want to talk it out.
Wait a minute.
What part of that sentence didn't you understand?
OK, Neil.
Let me ask it again.
What part of that sentence didn't you understand?
I have to find something to tell you today.
Can all these people want to be ready?
Answer the question.
What?
The DD calls, Neil.
It makes your show.
Like hemorrhoids, I need your call.
I can need a hold on the head.
But, no.
Let me say it again.
What part of don't ever call the show again?
Don't you understand?
I'll be more happy to explain it to you.
OK, well, no.
Well, yes.
Well, yes.
You said about it.
Not calling it a word.
Let me say it again.
What part of that sentence don't you understand?
Oh, I understand it, Neil.
Well, good.
I can go to it.
Get lost.
14 certificates left for rival.
They're going, like I said, by the bottom of the air, they'll be gone.
And once they're gone, I.
They're gone.
And we know how great the food is.
And you guys are shoveling it down.
Just to push me off, basically.
I'm sitting with my raw throat on a ass end of luckily, though,
that Bentley is a taste trouble, but it really works.
You know, so I'm not coughing and hacking and puke anymore.
Mm-hmm.
I do.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
We cannot put the solution.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yes, suicide, I think is the answer.
Q-A-M, hello.
We got it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Any way we can get me Joe Bell's email address?
Yeah, joe at wqm.com.
How about a poopoo joist there?
Poopoo joist?
Yes.
Send her a poopoo platter in a mail.
56670560 and pound 560 in the Verizon Singular wireless line.
That last guy, he's going to take care of things.
He's going to send some hostile emails off to Joe and joe's
and get this show back to where he used to be again.
Anybody buying it?
No.
Believe in it?
No!
What about you, George, you believe it?
You had to hear Tubby laughing in the background there, too.
No, it's you laughing.
No, it's you laughing.
That was George laughing.
No, it's you laughing.
Tubby, Tubby boots.
Because I believe this chick I got in here with me.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Bill.
Yeah.
You're a bell-canadian?
No.
Oh, you sure?
It's time's it.
Let me say it again.
No, he's not Canadian.
And why would that mean if he were?
You make up the Canadian.
What?
What did he just say?
I don't know.
I wasn't listening.
Oh, nobody else was either.
56670560, pound 560 on the...
Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
13 left.
Look at how the dial is down to 136.5.
The S&P is down.
Yeah, it's down bad.
Here comes the money and there goes your money.
Why I sure hope that guy, the S&P guy, didn't lose too much.
I sure hope he didn't lose more than 99% of whatever he's pressed.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Here comes the new project.
4.652AM.
The sports leader.
Hi, Luis Miguel.
Play it, baby.
Oh, well, has anybody heard of Father Merge?
Father Merge was burgling her.
The well-a-father Merge was burgling her.
The well-a-father Merge was burgling her.
The father Merge was burgling her.
I heard was burgling her.
Father Merge was burgling her.
Father Merge was burgling her.
Father Merge was burgling her.
Father Merge was burgling her.
Father Merge was burgling her.
Well don't you know it was Father Merge?
Well, he was all the explicitly.
And, forgently burgling her.
Well, a-father Merge was burgling her.
That's what I heard.
Missed my dress for the alleys.
Sinner mixero melody.
Sinner mixero melody.
Merge Merge Merge Merge
Merge Merge Merge
Merge Merge Merge Merge
Merge Merge Merge Merge
Merge Merge Merge Merge
Merge Merge Merge Merge Merge
Merge Merge Merge Merge
Merge Merge Merge Merge Merge
Merge Merge Merge
Well, now kill now
But Merge Merge
Well, he was also being boy
And Merge Merge
Merge Merge
Well, a Merge Merge
Merge Merge Merge
Well, a Merge Merge
Well, a Merge Merge
Merge Merge Merge Merge
Merge Merge Merge Merge
Merge Merge Merge Merge Merge Merge
Merge Merge Merge Merge Merge Merge
Merge Merge Merge Merge Merge Merge Merge
So, 16 to 5.60 WQ
Get some of these certificates we have
Oh
Yeah
Oh
So, that means
We're still 41. We only have
Yeah
Left
For um
Rivals
Great food
Good location
Everybody knows it
Everybody loves it
How come we still got those neon left
I don't know if people are sloth
Now you think maybe because it's the 26th of June
El Vante de Seis de Hunio
I think that could be it
Could be
Long days man, dog days
There's there
There's positive
There's nobody there who uh
Who doesn't have to be
Or we can't afford to get out
But of course that's always the case
Still got neon
Yep
Oh boy
That guy who said he was going to buy five
You're full of it
Full of crap
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 and they've arrived in
Singular
Wireless line
The phone
That is a door nail
And you know the one
The one thing in it
In its own perverse way
And this is a truth
If we didn't have the four or five nut jobs on there
Can you imagine how many calls we'd have
All summer long
Two three
All summer long
Two three
That's the only reason that
There are on four or five hundred times
A day on when you're doing the show when i'm doing it
It doesn't make any difference
Well in your case
They're not there because you got
Fatso screen
How do you do yesterday's screen
He was perfect
Get out of here
Okay, see you
So in other words
What's happening here
Is they're making up for their inability
To get on Monday, Wednesday and Friday
And they're really
Going heavy duty
It's incredibly frustrating for them
You can imagine
Yeah, well you better quit frustrating our audience
No
Yes, no
See that line one never rings
QAM hello
I can see the money man. I'm looking for a job
QAM hello
QAM yes
I was at hard rock they have the new Blackjack tables
Yeah, you might have like 75 tables of people flying
And they're like pre-informed five deep
Screen
Think I've ever seen
Mm-hmm
Is there then any of you that they get to see them
Everyone has been plunged
And doesn't become to be so bad in my
I mean everyone's betting
Crazy
Have you been there yet?
Not not since they got the Blackjack now
You got Falker on there, 5000 a hand
They've got Blackjack 50-60 tables
Crazy funny
I mean he's the crazy thing you've ever seen
Everyone's waiting
Well, what were you doing there?
What do you mean?
Well, they're just calling for young boys
They'll get
Oh, no doubt I believe that
At the hard rock
5670-560-pound-560-undiverized and singular wireless line
It must have been a Sid's boyfriend
WDQ-AM, hello
You know, why do you think George smokes so much pot?
Because he wants to
WDQ-AM, hello
Q-AM
Hi there, just got back from Jay's salon
That's great
That was it
Now how are we doing over here on our thing?
No, still sitting there on your own
Boy, that's not good
I think Robert Grieffer's got something to do with that
Either that or Eric Scott is foot on the break again
But I'm gonna go back to the pool, okay?
You keep your eye on that
And let us know when they're gone
We'll do
699 votes on the pool
I bet if I refresher we might have 700
No, we don't
2008 is already half over
What's the most surprising thing that's happened so far this year
He looks at it a big pay cut
And we have to with WDQ-AM 229
A black guy wanted democratic nomination 142
Gas in 4 bucks a gallon 94
Neil actually surfaced for a rare public appearance 76
Yeah, that was pretty heavy duty
One of the big news item
Hillary didn't win at 56
You're just a pig
If I should die at 41
George Carlin died at 38
The primers lasted that long 19
And Joel Feinberg ditched the ticket for
We finally got a little action there for Joel Feinberg
701 vote
All these
Incredibly little people you know with daddy's money Joel Feinberg
All these marginal creatures on the face of the globe
6th to think that what 6th we're down to 6
Yep
Keep your eye on it now fat Chris
We'll do my burn a calorie or two I'm you know clicking it
WQ-AM hello
Morning
Good to see you
Yep
I'm waiting for my weekly taco update
You have it for me
Get filmed
Get a life
Your day
Get a life
No
Your day
Your day
That's it
Your day
And you have no life
And what would you rather be gay with a life or anything
Vegetable I came with no life
No content
No
5607 05 60
Pound 560
And a Verizon singular wireless line
Your day
Your day
Gay
WQ-AM hello
Hello
Yes
Yes is this near Roger show
Yes sir speaking
This is Neil
Yes it is
Oh you picked me up call
God I got that's wrong works
Yeah
Oh you call
Oh God
Uh
When I called up for
I really didn't want to tell you on the air
Is there any chance I could tell George
Well what's it about
I want to your caller
An annoying caller if you're sick of it
Yeah call it all the time
I was just going to tell George we want that's all
Oh I could tell us on the air
We don't have any problem with that
Okay
Well what's the thing about that
Why is that
Okay
My name is Charlie
Yeah
Works for you Robinson and corporate
And which one is he
He started off being at that priest or whatever that
Colleagues and Jones
So that's ever Jones
Yes that's
Yes
Need to have got a bunch of different voices
I swear it is
But more time listen to your show and call
And you guys and he does work
And how do you know him
I used to work with him
Any works where
Uh you Robinson and corporate is
They're a great company now
There's nothing wrong with you Robinson
Hugh Robinson
Yeah
Yeah there's one of they do
And for the fourth of the day
Well they're a
You know construction company
They're a great company
Well I think they're a great company
How do they have employees
Who spend all day
Crank calling talk shows
He's a club driver
He's
So I mean he's probably driving around
Delivering something and
Got his cell phone out
Charlie what what's his last name
I don't know
Oh you don't know
I didn't really work
Really with my guest moment
And I've heard him so many times
Just get the noise
Yeah okay
Well we'll uh set the search party out for him
Good
Thank you thank you
Thank you
You believe that
No I don't know what's uh you know
I don't know what's to believe right
Right
709 and the Paul Chris is uh
Dancing in this pants right now
It's either dancing or that one
She's starting to make a little bit of a move
How we doing on there we still got six three
Three yep
Holy moly rat man
Only three certificates left
I said we might saw them out by 12th
Turney and I think we just might
1223 in a big city in the magic city
Magic city my ass boy what a what a place
Wtqa m hello
Hot noises
Hot noises
Or in Christ's case
Fat noises
Wtqa m hello
I'll come here how's it going okay
Just want to say thanks to George for playing this app
He has to do
Thank you George
I'm on my way out of
South Florida
And just wanted to say a little
Snuffing for George moving to Montana soon
Gonna be a dental staff tycoon
Thank you George
Hey whoever's faxing this entire magazine
You can stop anytime now
About what about nothing
Some article in throwing away
Are about why must be about something
God you make me dig into the garbage can
I don't know something I don't even know what it's about
A faxitude you'll just have words on the page
What does it say
Uh something about the church another tentative
Consul it's a it's a theological stuff
Oh my god
Theological stuff oh my god
Take all your bubble my season stick away to moon known shine
Okay, don't know waste our fax paper with crap
Okay, if you got a bunch of religious mumbo jumbo
Then go have some gumbo can get out of our face
God
72 a.m. Hello
Yeah, George is a batteries man
Q.I.M. Hello
Hey, how are you
Okay, sir
Yeah, what would you think about Tuk-Egg or the evening for Obama
A good choice
All right, yeah, I think I was doing all those Republican
Do all those middle
Other grand people okay, George is great
Bye
Bye
You're great
In the sunshine state
Oh
Stick it in the ticket ticket ticket ticket
Before I die, that's my goal in life to find out what that is
I know you don't care because you're just a hard to ask but
Me being a great inquisitor
I'm just I just wonder what that's all about
What is it supposed to mean?
What is supposed to occur?
I don't know
What is it supposed to say?
Why is it in there?
Ticket ticket ticket
I mean if it's not in the same category
Would gotta move up and don't go down
Gotta go up and don't go to it's on the same category as that
Gotta gotta go up and don't go down
Now let me ask you a stupid question Chris
Don't they heat since they had that grotesque
What they went about four games all season
They had that horrendous record
Don't they have the number one pick?
No, they have the number two pick
Who's got number one?
Chicago
They had a worst record than the heat
No, the way the NBA does it
All the teams that didn't make the playoffs
They then get put into like a
They don't have the hopper, yeah
Yeah
And so the first three picks are chosen that way
And then the worst song
Whatever is you know by record
Yeah
So the heat were chosen second instead of first
And so how they're gonna move up?
Well that was that was their lottery song
Before the lottery came out
So they're just playing it again
How incredibly stupid
26 past Newt QM how we doing and we still got those three?
Yeah
Well let's move it
What's the biggest name?
The best tower
You know this is a rocket
Forteville five sixty QAM
The fourth leader
Wanna lottery pop little boy?
In your face
On the top
On the top
Get up the radio Joe
Listening to you will Aberglib your doodle
With 120 minutes of air exelvengers on the jack show
Theater of the mind
It's time now for the Jason Jackson theatre of the mind
Oh
Side my friend where is Othello?
Who is the so-thello you speak up?
Othello
Othello
Over here
Who are they?
Othello
Othello who gets moist from 120 minutes of sports talk
To the log
To the log
To the log
It's known as a professional broadcaster I know I'm professional at the rig
Every member you're family on the air
Today is just the way how they got my uncle on the line
A Rudy Clay
The mayor of Gary Indiana
Who otherwise be known as Rudy of Baconia
You're on the Rudy
What do you so long getting those votes counted?
Where we got up many as 11 000 votes
11 000
But that's right up for you
11 000
To be allowed a vote to be counted
Well my related is boards I gotta be going
Oh
That's too bad
I was gonna put you on the phone
We cappong the lawyer
Blue love and the love and the love and the love
1233 if that tickled your uh
Tonsils and just wait till 2 o'clock when the real jerks is here
721 votes on our world flaming pool
And how we doing on the certificates air for um
Three
He's still I post three left
Yep so better hurry up and get him
Better hurry up and get him because once they're gone
They're just me
Okay three for rivals the food is great location right
Perfect end of what's not to like
I don't know
And I'm done eating for now
And George is finished eating for now
But he's got you leftovers I'm gonna be taking it
45 minutes easier I would say
Been just showing it down inside
It's all good
And what about Chris?
His blood sugar must be at least 6 to 700 by now
All right are you eating the buns on those burgers?
I did yeah they were really small
I have one question for you okay
Why?
Why?
Why are you eating bread?
He likes it
I'll dance with the other phone over here
He likes it
He noticed how George is becoming like a real little bastard now
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah
Yeah
And laugh
That laugh is a uh is a giveaway
Yeah
Evil
He's an evil
That's my uh it was my new year's resolution for 07
And I'm doing a fine job
So what are we gonna do about Charlie?
I think we uh have to go out and find Charlie
I wrote a QYM hello
Neely
Yes sir
I'm around here trying to scrounge up money to buy 99 cent burgers
You got some fat cut
Over in this radio station eating like a swab
You know what it really makes it
Poor people feel bad
That's right
You hate it
Faster die, appreciate bastard
Your fat Bobby Blow
Listen to me
He didn't pay him anything
That's what he's doing
He's trying to buy his own food so cut the crap
Leave me over
We're still down
Unificial
We're still down
Unificial
At 1234
While I said by 1230 so it's pretty damn close
And the board goes back
So we'll see for the official sign to come up there on the toad board
Well, let's speak to that
Let's see if we got any horse racing for George
For a $20,000 made in play
Monmouth three and up going six four
First race in mountain
The side winder is making his third start
Second race off the layover trying to Tim Hill
Stuart Elliott is on the equipment here on the 8th
Stuart Elliott
Now what horse did he ride?
Did he ride smarty Jones?
A Stuart Elliott?
I don't remember
Me either
Another marginal jockey from Suffolk Downs
Oh my god
56705
Your god, girlfriend
Chantal Sutherland one
Two races at Woodbine yesterday
You go, babe
And Justin Stein one one
Maybe we can kind of hope that two of them up together
All he's like I said, Mary and so she I think
You know
Deputy QYM hello
President sir
Yes, sir
Got a radio question for you
Well, when I get back into it, maybe I'll know the answer
Go ahead
At 560 when you were given a show
Does the PD or does your producer set up all these
guests and at eight o'clock I got iron one and eight o'clock five
I got the best Dino
Who does that?
The PD or the producer?
The producer
The producer
They need to shoot some of these guys
Crazy man
Well, what are you talking about?
What guys?
Well, I mean I mean I like Zach but
I thought maybe the PD had his hands in it as well
Oh, he's got his hand in it all right
Backed him and his foot
Oh yeah, I know that too
Yeah, and if I thought we had
Back in the day when we were doing all the sports writers all the time, you know
Right
That was I'm pretty sure that was our illustrious program director
That was his sticking apart was really going to be hot now when Hank was on who had what's the guy's name the
The old geezer
Top of guys name now
I mean he's a chicken
I forgot it
Be the
The old man
The Bino curve
Yeah, he would have a model or that would be
And if the PD would have no that would be Hank
Okay, well he loved you
Jesus Christ Hank, I love you but
By the way, have you heard from Hank or do you know you don't
For you know I haven't heard Nereo word no
No, all right. Well, they have a good one. You and I take care, buddy. Okay. You heard from Hank. Who?
The Humper
Hey
That as much as I used to
You notice that since since the changeover anybody's wondering about how come these numbers have all of a sudden vanished
I'm gonna Joe Bell's big change there in the end of December
When they blew out Eddie Kay and they blew out Hank in a you know
Blue up the whole station and of course they gave jerks his own show too with the same time
You notice how the numbers and the audience have basically vanished simultaneously must be just a co-worketing
So you think? Yeah, it is
I can't wait for it to happen. There's nothing to do with anything else. Right. Ice going jolly Joe
He is a destroyer. He is a butcher. He is a murderer. He's killing us
But they like him
Because he's saving him a lot of money
And as far as you George if you think we're gonna give you any we we you know that's a tough one
You know we just can't do that. Yeah, I know
Only saving 80 billion dollars on Hank's salary and next year on what we cut kneel salary and everybody else
But we can't give you any money, but maybe we can send you out and hurry a little bit more
That's right
Somebody told me that I would spit right in their face
I would get up and drop my pants and take a big smelly nasty dump right on their desk
That's what you should have done if you had any balls, but you don't and of course now I have dependence
I can't afford balls. You have depends. I have dependence, you know not optional ones either
Yeah, no, there's another shot
Another shot a little zorge. Okay, just keep it up
That would be QA and hello
You used to work with an old friend of mine
Stan made yours. Yeah
How long let me ask you this how long you've been working on this voice?
Did you still give a long let me ask you this question Reverend Schmuck? Well, how long you've been working on this voice?
Yeah, I know it's just as bad as all the other ones
5670560 how long is what's their column Charlie now Charlie Barley?
70 QYM hello
Neil God. Yes, sir
All right, you know I walk out of my house are dripping sweat from the community
Give them the car that you see doesn't work, but I hear your voice on here
So I still have a smile on my face even though my balls and my ass was sticking to the feet
and
And I just want to tell you
Oh, okay
Ah
So they are we official alania certificates are all gone
Oh, yep, they're all gone see I knew that wouldn't take long because raffles is muy popular
It's very popular and it's very good. See it's the drinks are smacking and there you go
Okay smashed right now. Well, you know something you have it coming
Get
The fourth later
Get in and hold it any lighthouse the true Hollywood story any lighthouse started young
She's only a baby after all eight years later. I need a bottle of whiskey. What's the cheapest vodka you have you want to buy vodka
Listen, I need a bottle of tequila Amy you've got to be crazy quick jerk in the around. I wasn't born yesterday
I'm nine years old. Yeah, you're gonna get me bloody busted. I'll get my alcohol someplace else
A damaging video of Amy appeared on the internet the footage showed Amy party
I'm sorry the boon's talking. Is it very clear that she could like to drink? I need a bottle of gin
Journalist were the only ones who took notice I'm drunk
Holy crap the eat true Hollywood story
1245 at 560 WQ and one thing about her can she sing or what huh? Can she wine
733 vote on a poll I think we're going for 800
Okay, I don't need to more
Let me say it again. I think we're going for 800. I will say anything over that'll be great
Your six out of the puts
5 6 7 0 5 6 you let's get this phone smoke any organ. Okay, my god
You think it was like the middle of June the middle of summer the middle of dog days when people with a few bucks in my vacation
And who can afford to go to your app like anymore anyhow? Did you see the you're you're the hero is like a buck 57
No, I didn't see well. I'm just telling you right now
I don't have any money. I'm not gonna notice what other people's money. I'm just telling you you can't afford to go as little as you could afford before to go now
You can't afford to go across the street
You can't even afford to go to Chuck sub center over there. How's Chuck Jones? He's still there. I still see him
Well, thank god for that. That would be Q. I. M. Hello
Neil yes
Sid Rosenberg what do you go back to New York? Let me ask you a question
Is that is that how you start the well what kind of the beginning of a sentence Sid Rosenberg? I wonder why care about him. He's a loser
Week
Week
Well, he should go and assist I'm okay. We'll call him and tell him that okay. I'm not interested
See that that's the thing with him. He talks about me and he's looking at all you losers that want to start
You know this contrived radio. It's not gonna happen. I don't care about him and why should I nobody listens to him anyway?
obnoxious New York loud mouth disgusting piece of turd. That's him. That's all I have to say about
Don't know him. He doesn't know me. I've never met him. He's never met me and yet he's some kind of a maven on my life
He knows who knows and I don't care say whatever the hell you want. Okay. I can use the publicity
Wtq. I. M. Hello
I've shabble a grip in you. Yeah, you're a rest record man with that. Yeah, great. Wow, okay
great
56705 60 pound 560 legalized in Singular wireless line. See what I just get through Sam. Mm-hmm
That's gonna be his acclaim to fame. He's gonna start a radio war with me. I'm not gonna happen
How many others have tried to do that? Come back to Dicky Farco all the other side of the crap
Wtq. Am hello. I
Loved Sid Rosenberg. Mm-hmm. I love him very much. Neil. Yeah
Hey, Neil, can I play with you next please?
Wtq. Am hello
Oh, yeah, great. Mm-hmm
Well, we saw later one of your people had to you know get his licks
56705 60 and then it just coincidents, you know, it's the all of a sudden the safari of Sid Rosenberg crap came up
Yeah, that's another coincidence. Oh, yeah
That would be Q.A.M. Hello
Yeah
I'm on there. Yeah
All right, listen
Oh my I think somebody somebody saved him or saved us. I'm not sure which Wtq. Am hello
Hey, group
Wtq. Am hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, Neil
My I know I called last week because my wife is a Corvette lady
But um now she is telling people about you for 15 years
It's old people my husband is the top radio now. She's saying you haven't heard of Neil
Oh, you haven't heard of Neil Rogers like you're somebody like she didn't have no life. I know I know
She
Neil yeah, I'm here. Oh, I thought you hung up for me. Sorry. I thought it should have I'm still here
What's up, please though because this is another thing. She also says though
That you but you got about your callers about you callers as well
He doesn't know how to talk to his callers. He has a problem with this conversation. Well, let me let me ask you a question
Yeah, why do I care what your wife thinks about me or the show?
Because I want your opinion on what way just to hear me out on what she said about this one thing
Have you ever heard of Asperger syndrome? It's a matrilyty like autism
Hello, that's what it anyway. It's I read a book on it and she knows the best she thinks she's an expert on it
She think she think you might have it. It's like a it's like a low level kind of social disorder
Right. Yeah, I think your wife has a high level social disorder
Well, I think it's called getting a snotty bitch is what it's called
736 under pull. I think we got a shot at 800. It's funny what Chris is a spout and just just keep the keep the expectations low, okay?
Okay, see now his wife is the Corvette lady
You see what I mean? Yeah, they all have to have you a tag. They all have to have a nickname on a curve. That said
Lewinsky WQ I am hello
I speak to mail speaking
Hey, I
I
Hate the New York is down there also, but it's changed now the Spanish the Julio's
I'm a new. I'd rather welcome the New York is
I have one other thing. I don't maybe George can help do with this. No, are you saying?
At our warehouses
We put times up everything trying to stop the Julio's from wiping their ass and tote it in the fuck. Okay, great WQ. I am hello
So we have a new information on the what WQ I am hello?
I know yes, sir. Thanks for taking my call. Well, thanks for making your call. I got no life
Yeah, and once it got started. That's all I gotta say when's it gonna start?
Hey
Yeah, you know, it's really nice to take your phone calls. It's you know, baby. Yeah, I mean, no problem. I mean, they're great
Make the show
And I let Paul all morning
What about afternoon? Yeah, though it's really cool. Yeah, okay
560 705 60 pound 560 on the and well one thing about South Florida manners and endless supply morons
I don't know make no mistake about that endless supply. You'll never run out. I think this is where they're made
On the show
This is where the factory is
Lion night is always stellar Q.A.M
Oh, yes, sir
Let me say it again hello
Wasn't he there for like a half a second for half a second 70 Q.A.M. Hello
I never do shoot at the ground photo
The what the uh big ground photo. No, I did not
But what did I ever
I
In fact, I looked for it. I couldn't find it. I found one article on it. I don't believe it Q.A.M. Hello
W. Q.A.M. Hello
Say yes, his wife has a ass burger syndrome or something. Yeah, his wife has an ass burger. So
Yes, she's burger syndrome. So I mean, right a little prick
Oh
Well, she's got one of those and maybe you know
Maybe it's worth talking about even if it is little
Seven I've seen those pictures to seven hundred thirty votes on the pool. Yeah, I see them
WQ. I am hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay first time a long time. I love you show in the African American
I have two things to say I hate OJ and go Obama
Okay, all right and every time he calls he says the same thing
Every time he says the same exact thing I hate OJ and go Obama. Do you have any idea what that significant is supposed to be?
Nope. Oh
Well, the fact that he's a black guy and he you know, he likes Obama, which is fine. He hates OJ. Which is great, but that's that
I
I just I can't fathom and I know we both both of us have
Lamented this for years and years especially on this makefully radio station
I just can't fathom that in an area of like four or five million people that they're that this is it. This is exactly what it is
What do you want? What are you looking at me for? What do you want?
There you go unfriendly paranoid
anti-social hateful obnoxious
I
heard of you
Wtcway M hello
Wtcway M hello
Neil yes
Short-timer. Uh-huh. What is more do you need? I have no idea
Let me say it again. I have no idea. Is he going anywhere? Is he what?
Stringing
Yeah, he's stringing. He's stringing old beads together. Is he stringing?
Ah the last guy was Muthuzla's great grandpa by the way because you know anything else
I did not have mode on
Anybody know mo maybe knows Charlie from that place
What's his name?
The biggest name
You're listening to sports radio five
You am
What's that? I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two
Alan Swinner two hours
Hey, for a lot by the way, so I've been giving it some stuff
Oh, what do you think it is? I know that me and you in a new much better go in six to ten and not in five
A gentile in the cranky you. I think we might be happy to get there
I think you really got out of your mind
You got to have your weary bed
Spare time to say no chance on toy show with you and I'd rather die with the crappy together
Why I'll have you know that I'm a big ma be June a Brooklyn height
I've been raised by everybody but you you're not high
me
That would know no way that if we had a fight that you'd survive
Who'd want to hear a gentile and push it tight that's crappy together
ah
George
And show what you and me for me is much better six than ten not five
It's only right that I should get more sleep at night. I think we might
be happy to take it
but we're less than happy to get there
What do you think it is?
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
102-560 WQ I'm answer gigantic one to two hour
An email from a disgraced mega church pastor tag Haggard
What I call him Ted Haggard
Yeah
To a long time family friend admits sexual contact with the male escort but breaks from the original story
Haggard founder of new life church and former president of the National Association of Evangelicals
Phil from grace in November 2006 after Denver, Massur and male escort Mike Jones
went public with allegations that he and Haggard using the pseudonym art
had sex about once a month
Jones out at Haggard due to his support of Colorado's amendment 43
lead proposed amendment to band game marriage but everybody is a back doing what he preached against
Let me say it again but behind everybody's back doing what he preached against
Uh-huh
You follow that?
That how you do it?
I get it behind the back
It's one way
Rack them
According to Haggard the only contact he had with Jones was a full release massage
A full release
On allegations, Jones secured meth and meth and fedamines for him Haggard told family friend Kurt Serpie
Then he repeatedly bought drugs but didn't use them out of shame
This is something he said he's been struggling with all of his life Serpie said he
Craved sex he was a sexoholic
According to Serpie the encounters weren't about sexual orientation but
gratification
He also added that rather than three years Haggard said the encounters lasted three months
The text of the email obtained by krdo appears below
Said Haggard writes I was referred to my Jones from the concierge in Emeryott Hotel when I asked for a
Massure
It was during the massage that it started to become essential and that led him to masturbating me
That wasn't as our only sexual contact but it was immoral and it was this experience that caused me to confess immorality
in my letter of resignation from a new life church
During the conversation with Mike during an act of the time he masturbated me
He told me about some drugs he could get for me that would enhance my masturbation and experience
I returned on five occasions and bought those drugs. I actually used them three times
Strolling them away in shame before use two times
It is for these offenses that I confess being immoral and deceitful
These are the answers you requested but I don't know why you would say you deserve them. That seems odd to me. God bless
Ted Haggard
God bless my ass
I'm a domino for back dome. You're right
How do you like that?
Mm-hmm and speaking of the good book
Guess what country is gonna be pretty more Bibles than any other country in the world. Guess what communist country China? Yeah
Bibles
Yeah
With the help of a new hanger size facility
There's a company in China on its way to becoming the biggest Bible factory in the world cranking out 12 million copies a year
See I think that's good. I think that you don't have to you have to pedal the bull crap
You don't have to believe in it, but if you can capitalize on it make some make some nice cash from it. What's wrong with that?
I
W. Q. A. M. Hello
Sir, I just reported you to the FGC. How about that? Yeah
Yeah, and safe 50% on your home owners. Oh, yeah
Well, at least he's trying a new technique now anyway
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon and sing it a wireless line
751 on a pull I told you 800 is a top
That's our goal
Chris did he pass out from off the air what okay
W. Q. I. M. Hello
Say me. How you doing? Okay, you prefer cupping or juggling
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 and they've arisen in singular wireless line not a call on that board man. That is a door nail
Dade
And
Join George this Saturday noon to two with the AT&T store at 5644 northwest to 167th Street in Ohio, Ohio
Come by for great deals on the hottest phones like the Silly Ericsson Walkman 58 what is it 580 L and ask about the AT&T Navigator
Get turn what is it
Get what now
Turned by turn. Oh look at the way turn is spelled the first time. T.I. R.M. That's right. Keep your guessing
Get turned by turn directions right from your phone to use it to find the lowest gas prices in the array to all that and great
QM prizes the Saturday noon to two with the AT&T store in high alia
With George little George go buy he needs to make the extra cash okay, Trent and jolly don't want to pay him any extra money
He won't he could but he won't
72 a.m. Hello
Hello Neil yes
I got a question for you. Yeah, huh back in the old days
The old ladies in hell and they'll used to call you up and go hello. Be old. Mm-hmm. What's your yard?
What? What's your yard? What's show my own?
What's your yard back then? What station? Yes, sir. Oh
I
Have any asked something before answer the question you have some kind of a problem
I said have a nice day the answer was yes
The answer was yes one off the answer sort of a problem. He has a mevel problem. But then again, why should he be different?
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 con 5 6 10 to Verizon singular wireless line WQ.way M hello
Q.way M Ola
Hello. Yes. How you doing Neil? Okay, I'm doing
Ah, well you're doing doing pretty well. I think
Let me ask you a question. How come that
Al Sharpton is always looking for people to apologize but for those of us that grew up in New York
He still has not apologized for what he did with the whole to want to grow
Even though that's the right right through his teeth right. I mean our heart. He should I say because he's a worse kind of person up there
And he continues to profit off of other idiots mistakes. I don't that that's his business. He's an explorer
Yeah, well anyway, at least I don't have to deal with it up there anymore
But I'll listen to the man hope these fools decide to keep you around. Okay, I see you
Sounded a little bit disgruntled there at the end
Little bit gruntled, huh? A little bit
Wtq. Y.M. Hello. I knew I was a child Wtq. Y.M. Hello
Yeah, yeah, I don't have a friend. Okay. You ready for a mini lobster season?
Ready for what? Mini lobster season. No
You're not going last week of summer. Yeah, I'm gonna go out last-string you come on here. It's when he loves to season. Mm-hmm
What do you got what do you got smuck?
Being an officer season. The one-off
Because that's what you got nothing you got plenty of nothing
Very very sad that that was worse than the kid with the insurance
A thousand times worse
560 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless line
Wtq. Y.M. Hello
Q. A. M. Yeah, I'm having a problem with you the day
Yeah
That was Charlie again in case you didn't know
Mm-hmm for the 400th time right we're coming after your ass Charlie
Or somebody if you Robinson Inc. Is it really such a place as you Robinson Inc. You think I don't know
We could play it out now. Let's find a guy named Charlie there and just uh string him up. Let's do a Jesus routine on Charlie
Wtq. Y. M. Hello
Q. A. M. Hola
Hey, that's burger
Yeah, that burger
Wasn't he a coach Bill Asperger?
I mean I was Ahn's burger. No, Bill Asperger. He used to be a dolphin coach I think. When he? Ahn's burger. Yeah Asperger
I wonder what ever happened to Bob Burger who used to work with me as WNWS
I don't know who he King games Bugsburg. He went to work for UPI audio
And then I don't know if they went on a business or what happened as UPI still even in business anymore
I don't think so. You don't know
Q. Robinson Inc. as though
Yeah, there's such a place where they're for a lot of I think you want to do a little uh detective work on that
I think you want to that we have it to take for you. What?
Remember don't we have it detective?
No, that's uh that's Charlie. Oh yeah, he wants to write a book about Shylock Holmes or something. He knows that he detected my ass
He wants our Colombo
He wants our Nero Wolf with uh with uh with the flowers. Well, what are you still collect?
Orchards. Oh
Nero Wolf who wrote that Rexed out
763 votes on Chris's fat pool
WDQAM. Hello
Hello hello radio man B
Radio man B C
Radio man B. A radio man B
Okay, thank you radio radio man B
To hell with P. Del. Good on you. There you go. Let's just get back kind of an ass double the share
Will you fudge back in good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey. Stand by for news
Billy is an ulzer man who goes to the doctor for his yearly physical his wife Maggie
Tags along when the doctor enters the examination room. He tells him I need a urine sample a stool sample and a sperm sample
The old man being hard of hearing looks at his wife and yells what? What if he say what is he want?
His wife Maggie says he needs your underwear now page two
Susan a high school English teacher reminds her class of tomorrow's final exam now class
I won't tolerate any excuses for you not being here tomorrow. I might consider a nuclear attack or a serious
Personal injury or illness or a death in your immediate family, but that is it
No other excuses whatsoever will be tolerated
Timmy is in the class. He is the clown and raises his hand and asks what would you say if tomorrow?
I said I was suffering from complete and utter sexual exhaustion
The entire class does its best to stifle their laughter and snickering
When silence is restored the teacher smiles sympathetically at the student
Chakes her head and sweetly says well. I guess you'd have to write the exam with your other hand Paul Harvey
Good day 117 at 560 WQM that Paul he's still alive any
I guess and he's still doing a show from his based on a political from his house to me
I just can't stand those guys that do the show from their house
How can it be so lazy not to get out of bed in the morning get dressed get all spiffed up
And they go off to work somewhere
lazy
But you know what they say fat people what do they say about fat people Chris? I don't know what it's like the fat
people are the good people and the fat people are the dead people lazy
770 77
I'm not gonna do it. I'm gonna move to the weather
If I were feeling like you know 100% I go 77
But I'm not so I won't do it
Is he still alive Chubby checker I guess
Now let me ask you something when he dies is there gonna be the big two-month that there was when Tim Raster?
No, of course not he wasn't on no TV show. He was no establishment. He was
I mean George Colin died and you know he was just a few days ago and you don't even hear anything about it anymore
Oh
But Tim Raster's kids on it would Larry are pontificating about the politics and uh, uh, you know coming up with
Solutions for the energy problems. Oh, I don't get it. I just don't understand there a bunch of self-serving up jobs
You people in the media you're all sick sick
WQ I am hello
You're doing today. Okay, could you imagine the money you would have made if you would have went back to phone calls three years ago instead of reading the news
Oh, yeah, right the money up
Yes, what you know how much you know how much money I made in the last three years more than you'll make in 10 lifetime okay, Pots
Yeah
They can great phone calls like yours with a phony whiny voice
I'm not going back to a reading tone. I mean I wanted to hear it in air like I used to you know that's that's enough
Why should I deprive these great callers of their chance? That's right because that they're what the show is all about
You know then they're convinced of that
That's why in the fall and the fall book we were number one when I wasn't taking our leany calls and then the winner book when we started taking calls and we went to number on
Well, it's kind of a transition. You know they'll get used to it
WQ I am hello
WQ I am hello
My power back from Hurricane Wilma
Yeah
This isn't like a dude about that
You haven't a what I'm gonna put my power back from Hurricane Wilma
Uh-huh call I think I'll see what they want to do about it. They don't like you they hate you and they want to raise your rate too
Schmuck
Uh-huh
I wouldn't be surprised if there might be some people still you know because fvl sucks
WQ I am hello
Please stop taking calls these people are annoying no
No
No, won't stop taking calls
You're annoying got a crappy attitude WQ I am hello
Hi Neil
Yes sir
Rock of bomb of the niggas
That always works real well doesn't it especially if you say real fast
Real fast now wouldn't you like to have the video phone so you can actually see who that was that person that was just on her
Wouldn't you think
When you like to see a picture of what that was no absolutely not oh
775 under pull we sold out our certificates. We're gonna get 800 votes on the pool
Well more could you want plus it's Thursday means I don't work again the next Tuesday
By that time I'll be over the cold and have my voice back and no more
Although I'll tell you one thing that stuff that Bentley's or Buckley's is it buckles? Yeah
Right that's
Right remember to begin the show I was hacking and coughing and puking and no gobs gobs of
thick flam
And snot all over the place and and I took that buckley's man two teaspoons
And I'm smooth and
Moral smoothie
WDQ I am hello
Hey I call this you only call me call you back
Mm-hmm you know what you listening yeah yeah I'm here
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and the Verizon singular wireless line WDQ I am hello
Now that happens a lot on here is there some reason is it my finger you think I think it is your finger
I'll use a different finger okay
Let me move us I don't know don't get nervous call Larry Morvus whatever happened to you
I'm still around you
You know that's sad part of it you know that's sad sad part of it now
tragic yeah my look at it gets a new material okay we'll see if the dating show
So
Those are the days man the mating and dating show and he had a pimped
He had a pimped that forced us to invite him to the um
Park where they were gonna sue us on discrimination because he was blind to his story
Really yes
I had no idea what a bastard yeah, and so the pimped for somebody brought him out there and you know
We had some gathering for the people who are you know the dating and mating couples and he showed up there and with somebody
Because there's some people who just want to force themselves on you whether you want them around or not
They're gonna you're not gonna tell them no
They're gonna make you an offer you can't refuse
I'm coming by I'm gonna be a party or I know you're not oh if I am you'll see otherwise I'm gonna see yes
um
WDQ in hello oh you like go party how did you WDQ in hello
Hello
Yes, another phone divorce the worst the worst the worst
WDQ a m hello
Q a m yes, sir. Let me say it again WQ a m
Yeah, I'd like to talk to Neil you're speaking to him oh
Hey Neil I've been listening to you for years buddy. Uh
I was wondering if you could play that guy who says stupid idiotic jerk
No
Oh, come on no
20 years I've been waiting to hear that no you haven't yeah, you heard it
Nothing you think maybe in the next like 10 15 minutes you pop that on there now maybe the next 10 15 years okay not next 10 15 minutes
If we said it like he sounded like the height I hate the bird guy a little bit than they a little bit
Well, let me just I'm not gonna play the whole thing because then that guy you know the cull the other day
Oh, see he played it if you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on six 10 W I O D you missed this
As the bird see I totally that was him guaranteed it was either him or stand major or Don Johnson
Or somebody's Johnson
784 we got 800 licked
You want to go for 825 sure they're really dangerously let's go
Wtq a Q a m hello
Hello Neil yes
Hey, um, we guarding the uh the lineup back in December when it was you guys and then the mad dog of mb power hour
Was Joe Rose on in the morning at that point by himself? Yeah
No, I thought you had no Joe was on with the jerks
Oh, okay, because I don't understand why uh oh, oh didn't keep that lineup
Because I don't think you're rating from the morning to uh with hang to after jam because they don't want to pay
Hank that's why they don't want to pay him any money and so he said bye-bye because he's got ESPN to fall back on
And if I would have had another job to fall back on I had to throw them to pull it out there as to how do you like that
I had told him stick it with a moon bowed shine jolly joe
Sticket stuck it jammit jam on it
But I don't this is all I do this is all I does. I don't got no ESPN or any other crap, you know
And for George
This is all he does and he got you know he's he's got these little extra things they little bones they throw me renaulin it
Oh, that's so George a bone, okay
He's not what they do that's what they do throw me up bone bone
I said he'd like to throw your bone is that what he said well
26 after one at five sixty wq way
What they'll happen there? I don't know
God look at that I knocked I knocked the thing down on the other on the audition line
Damn it. Sorry. Was maybe I create any it's okay. Is it okay? It's fine
malfunction
Sorry
We ought to be used to that what happened at the top of the hour with that breakers little malfunction with the audio vault
Yeah, I knew you just do audio. Yeah
They have a new audio vault. Yeah, I can interface it new software anyway
Oh, well don't don't get too carried away because when you said new audio vault I thought maybe they like
Doug down real deep and spent some money on
Sorry, I know I get carried away time
79 we got 800 lick no sweat WQ I am hello
Q I am I kneel how you doing buddy okay? I've got a couple of things to be good. I'm a legitimate column not one of these weirdos
Um, I want to know you can answer anytime you want
I just want to be watching a TV station called current. It's pretty interesting kind of
It's something he'd like
Yeah, there's two more things. Well, well, wait a minute. Wait a minute. In other words, I had nothing to do with me. That was a question
Well, the others the others do that was just a quickie there. I stuck in it. Well, I'm gonna use on like tomorrow would be good
Hello, yeah, I'm here. Okay, so Neil so the other thing is um
Charlie Christmas. What's up with this guy with the girlfriend? Yeah, you yeah
I think
No, no, and let me say it again. I don't think that Charlie Christ is gay. He is
It's just like Mark Foley. There's no doubt about it. There's no question
Why does he go and play this charade with the girlfriend? Why why does time cruise keep getting married? Okay?
Keity home, by the way her her baby was from Chris Klein. They said I got you
Okay, one of the frozen sperm of Elan Hubbub one of the one of the above
Thanks to shed light on that one more thing Neil and swear this is true
I'm watching this TV station car this morning. They have these Buddhists
Not months, but Buddhist people you're not gonna believe this they call this guy on the telephone that sells the bait
I swear this is true. He sells live bait
They call him to the dock and they give the guy hundreds of dollars and they release the bait right there on the dock
Say and they want to save lives
I'm gonna hang out what's your take on that. I swear to God it's true
I
What's your take George?
What's your take
You have a take on that. I don't have a take
789 we better get to will 800 or we can't get to 825 before we get to you know what's that 800 look at that on your pool
This is the highlight of Chris's day besides eating
Everybody Q a.m. Hello. Yeah, I believe you about
Charlie Chris, you know being gay so I don't care whether you believe me or not or whether anybody believes me
It's like my saying the sun is shining here now. It's a fact. It's not it's not movie
I agree and and I the reason I know why is because people hello. I'm here. Oh, yeah people who have you know
supported him in the past and in is like I don't know what they called the cabinet as the governor of the senator
But even is head of you know security those are the guys. They'll always know what's going on and and the head of the security for a while is Andy Rossman
Oh, yeah, I bet that did it
Nobody Q a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Well, what is with that guy anyway with the guy I don't know
Q a.m. Hello
Oh my queen said the mighty sorcerer to hide himself. He's almost as good as the Yovenguy
Not quite but almost never heard from him today either the way just wait but how about you
I mean from the dime slot guy either we heard the quarter slot guy who I am personally going to hire a hitman for him
We'll find out who he is too
You know the interesting part of it is and I have no way of knowing whether that guy was right or not about Charlie and the name of that company
Um, but everybody who calls a each one of these misfits people out there know who they are
You know what I mean? No
What's into him being a bastard of court all as usual right right
And it would be really I think it would be great to find out who all these people are and although some people don't care
Because this has become so much their life that they don't really give a crap like your friend their own
Although they've been they've been notoriously quiet today
You know, so maybe they found each other or something maybe they found the Lord maybe they found
Maybe they found the right fold
I'm
At 05 60 pound 560 on the Verizon singular Bible slide Ricky Martin
Well, we sure don't hear about him anymore. So you see those of you already pressed like put your chin up in the area, you know
Your little chin ball
Not hearing about wiki Martin any day. We don't hear about him is a good day. That's why I look at it
Because I'm the eternal optimist. I'm thinking that maybe
Charlie to Bell the the finger of the Lord will come down and smoke him or something
Maybe Lord will stick his finger in Joe's back don't ask
And cause that oozing bloody wild diarrhea that we were all hoping you would get remember that
Now you're not gonna say anything because you really think now do you have another meeting setup for them or what?
No, no, no, was that was it
Yeah, I mean there's gonna be a contract at some point. I think oh there is I think
795 on the pool 795. Oh, it's exciting
I still don't understand. I mean you keep explaining the phone thing. I know what you're saying
But how is that possible the 367
Today all day today not not every day, but just today. Manishana halalah as that as the Chinese say
What did he Q. I. M. Hello
Yes, Neil. I have the entire game of
Is it my rap your ass? Yeah, 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the horizon and singular wireless line. There's the I've got the blank
My ass guy for his rectum guy. That's his a handle. It's very roomy up there. Oh, he's got all kinds of space like Chris
Better to Q. I. M. Hello, do you? Yes, hey, how's it going? Okay?
I was just wondering do you offer any internships at all like I know this is really random, but
I'm 20 year old college kid looking to get in the radio business and I know you say don't do it
But I don't do it
You like or just you I am offer anything do you have any sure sure they have interns called our color illustrious program director Josh Darryl
What about you in Toronto? What about me what I?
Don't know do you need someone to help you out with your job? No, no, no
You wanted 20 year old college kids coming over no, please no
All right, um, you know any other stations in Toronto. Do you have any?
What do you want to come to Toronto for what's that all about? I'm in Toronto. I need a friggin job. What do you mean you're in Toronto? Where?
Uh, in the topical really yeah, and I need like I'm working in a friggin wallmark
I need a job and I really like the radio business and I want to get it. Let's stay out of it. Stay out of it
All right call up the fan talk to other people of the fan. All right. Love you. mention my name now. Don't hang up real fast
You good luck to you sir. Love you. Bye. See you around. Hey, honey. I like that. He's an atobico right
up the road of peace
How do you like that? Do I want to come to your college guy come and buy the most in the picture?
Send a little internship going because I am an old pervert. Okay, so you just want to think about me
I don't pretend to be something that I'm not never have never will. I'm an old pervert and Georgia's opinion on an old pervert in the training
And Georgia's opinion not perverted enough lately, but trust me. I'm hitting on two chicks at the same time right now
I'll work on it. All right. I'll see if I can't do better
Because you know me
799 votes on the full I better if I click it there one more time. I have 800 really think Chris 825 all right
Otherwise, I think no more food for you
I'm the best
The
Fourth leader
Oh, good. You've seen him on Channel 7 news first as a two-bit reporter now
As a two-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Febaker and Mary Kay combined
Rick's and Chess things
Oh
Here the docent tones of the men who brought you crunching Rick Sanchez
Rick's and Chess
Yeah
Miss Rick's fan says in his pasty face tore over higher. Lear it's one show you all want to miss date for a good one
Rick's and Chess he loves his audience. I said she was a precious kid on God. Deal. Come on
143 17 will do it Q.A.M. Almost the pain is almost over
You know it all right. I think I recovered magnificently from the coughing and puking and choking gagging
Did I yep? Who's that bucklies man? I'm telling you that stuff is wicked if you if you can drink a tablespoon of that
You're a real man. Even me. Yeah, that's right
70 Q.A.M. Hello
Hello
Yes, sir
Speaking
Richard the Gordardal guy long time. Oh my god
Age is I mean I'm in eerie Pennsylvania. How sad?
I'm looking as a political consultant up here believe it or not. Yeah, well I could throw a brick from where I'm sitting right now down to eerie right down the alley
I could roll a bowling ball
Just want to call and say hello and I really appreciate lifting to your show on the internet
Go over it. I'll by the way and look into good these days. He's I think he's right on on our end of the edge
Yeah, we'll embarkly beat him to the
Well, thank God for that. Good. I Norman Mailer too
Right
Anyway, good to hear your show. I listen to it all the time on the internet and
Give a shout out so all my teeth that
WEDR and POW and all the DJs in Miami. Okay. Have a great life, pal. Thank you. See you dick
5 6705 60 pound by the way AFL CIO officially endorsed Obama today
You know something CNN should rot in hell
They headed on the air like two hours ago and I keep looking on their website either their website is
Is common dear by the most incompetent idiots or they just don't want to put it on there for some reason
Well, what's the reason for that? I don't know the fact that I mean I don't know
Besides the fact that including your friend your fat face friend Lou Dobbs there by now
Who whose number one goal is for the West to invade Mexico? I think that that would make him happy
He could be El Comandante. Okay
WDQAM. Hello
You know
All right
QAM hello
He's wheeled. Oh my god
Spinning his wheels. You know that that's either they're giving us a little clues
I think the great one wants to come out of the closet. Don't you?
I do in fact
I challenge him to drive his rig right up to the front of the station here and you and Chris can go out there and like
Have a little interplay
Ripple interplays. What do you think sounds like a plan WDQAM. Hello. Yeah
What's the big deal about the FLCIO was an end of foregone conclusive? Yes, I'm but it's a new story
Oh, okay. Is that the answer your question whisper? What
Whisper whisper yeah
What do you mean what's the day? Can you speak or you did you have top like this?
I go you get knocked back at footer to when I come on you you know you're right out the bat
You're just you know because he can speak you won't speak you whisper you're the little bit like that
You know to be a real man and stand up for yourself and speak like a dog get on your hind legs and speak schmuck
5 6 7 0 5 6 2 we've had a really good bunch today, you know
Like yeah, we used to sing that song. I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts who sang that. Oh, what's his name? Merb Griffin?
Oh my god, he's still dead. Hey, Merb you fairy another one another closet queen
See I don't understand after somebody died. I mean at least to have a hunter which nobody even knows who that is anymore
But at least before he croaked and I guess because he was desperate to you know make a few bucks
So he wrote a book and he came out of the closet
But I mean what what's the point after somebody dies? Do we have to protect the uh?
I don't get it do you because everybody's all bereaved so you can't say bad things about them because you're gonna make the family members
Well, what's bad about that fact that he was a fagmer of Griffin? Okay, everybody knew it
Well, come on that whole thing with Eva Gabore you talk about a beer because it's bad to be a fag
Oh, yeah, it's disgusting. America you and Rodi fag not in Canada. It's okay
And in Europe, it's not only okay. It's a okay called just a little here then and a candidate's okay
Where we're safe will we have no faggers somebody?
You I am hello. Yeah, I'm calling to get out the vote
Everybody that I've never voted registration cards. They need to get involved this year
Everybody's that's young because they have some problem with our political system
There was a lot of the older folks are the ones that have time on their hands to get the vote out
Yeah, let's make sure you old people don't vote this time. I agree with you
That's why you know, all the thing is is the issues that are in hand affect my part my my you know
I just that I picture you know, that's why I'm going to make sure the old people don't vote
She's been in the lake. That's the best way to do it
Especially they're on the way to the polls. Oh, there's my good buddy. What's his name?
The gold guy he's uh, he's a trip. He's fine
Wtcway and hello
Children just scared
Wtcway and hello
Okay, so I call this feel back and I told me you said now okay. We'll call back again
In fact keep calling put them on speed dial. It'll keep you off the streets. Okay. I have no right
Wtcway and hello. He wasn't a pimp. He was a good person
Look out now
That's it
I'll bring back back moving
Yeah, why did then now that you're back on the phone? What maybe you want to answer that even
It's your second call today Mike. Yeah, why did you insist on coming to a place that where you knew you weren't wanted?
Um, I just wanted to see what it was like wanted to see what it was like. Yeah, look out now
This is the fake line mic for what it's like. This is the fake line mic. No, this is the real one
This is the real one. I know the real one here. Trust me
The real one that is almost on a college holiday these days
Who is next to my guy dog
again
and um
Yeah, you're gay dog. You have a gay dog. I've had her for nine years. No
The nice dog. Uh-huh. You say um make sure of a going retrieve a lot. Okay. Say goodbye Mike
I'm Mike look out now
I wasn't the fake one
One thing about you man you are the expert on everything
Yeah, I ask you some important question like oh whoa
That's right. That's what you didn't leave me out with what's his name Steven straight
Yes, as a matter of fact, this hot last night boy did it suck. No, you did not but I'll send it to you 10,000 BC
No, that's not the movie and over the good one the one with the uh oh no, I'm not gonna watch that. They know caveman in that movie
So you actually watched the 10,000 BC? Yeah, well, I was doing other stuff and am I gonna be interested in watching it or not
He's in a one-cloth the whole thing, but you can pretend that he's not all smudsy
Oh my god, he's got all that facial hair and he got him like a lot
They're gonna do with him like they did with Johnny Depp always like with Edward Caesar hands and all that
Little 30 that's right you can have too much smell of bad fantasies. I'm not amazing him. I know. I'm sure I'll give him a tongue-back
I'm sure WQ a.m. Hello. Why don't you take a baseball WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hello
Sentino
Tula's dead I didn't know the Brazilian all along
Very bad reading and that could be the worst godfather reading I ever heard my life
Until this day
Right right to tag you as a pimp
How's the Frankie Pintangelo doing by the way
Again, it was on again a few days ago and luckily I just can't take it anymore, you know
I mean used to be that I was addicted to any of the godfathers and now when they're honest it
I can't take it it just because I know every word every you're lying to dialogue every every breath they're gonna take
And the scene that I keep I don't know why it's bad luck
I guess the scene that I keep coming across is when they're setting up our
Clemens is gonna hide the gun at Louise in the Bronx, you know
Yeah, and they're waiting for the phone call from one of us sentino's buddies to find out where the
Captain is signing off that night, you know
McCloskey
Try the violets the best in the city
oh yeah
She guys had a great meal today
Uh-huh
Yeah, we're great with the consiment it was incredible and I'm still drinking
You're still drinking while you're all in no one
You're just been extra psychotic today because he's boozing it up on the air no
Nice
Real classy
800 love votes on the four you're gonna make the way 25 by the way
We should have just been real happy with 800 is that what I told you yep, but oh no not Chris. He's never satisfied
Just keeps shoveling it down how many cobi sliders did you have one?
Yeah, one my ass
No, I had one did you really yep
2008 is already half over the most surprising thing that's happened so far this year was it Tim Russell's death?
No, was it George Collins death? No gas hitting four bucks a gallon. No the most amazing thing that happened with his crowd
Neil accepted a gigantic pay cut and re up with you him for five more years of this
268 by far winning hands down your pants. How do you like that?
And
I think it's time for more bucklies
The fourth later
It's day if I have a town
At five six oh
Here's my story
Holy cow
Oh
Oh
Like
Should
I'm gonna follow it, be with you
So stay away from the sin from this suit
And took a bus I should've seen on time
So no one said it's all my friend on mine
You got it back to now, I've got it to
So keep away from the sin from this suit
Yeah, keep away from that girl
Hope that I'll still never do now
Keep away from the suit
She likes to sleep around
Yeah, even did it with my bad shit, how new
We didn't dare to start to call
Now I'm afraid of falling all these tomorrow
But so am I, God, who knows
Used to have my hopes where this fucking shows
And scared me for all that she ever knew
I'll keep away from the sin from this suit
Yeah, keep away from that girl
I don't know what to do now
Bye bye bye
The biggest name of that talent
All the best people
My amma's open for gold
And it's past it
Walks radio 560 WQ AM
I'm gonna fly at me for a lot of days
What kind of sick, twisted game are you playing at?
