And you know, fat Chris won't be with us on Friday.
Are you aware of that?
I heard.
Yeah.
That's as we come last.
Nice going, Allison.
Oh, you silly person, you Allison.
Sixty-seven Q-A-M presents.
The needle Roger Joe.
Detrocked an eagle.
Dile five, six, seven, eight.
Oh, stop the game, make that the game.
I'm gonna use that whole 23-8-7-7-7-8-5.
The needle needs more count by 16 on your AT&T and Verizon Wireless for products.
Visiting the Americans experienced by me.
His guests or his colleagues do not represent those of WQ-A-M management staff.
Your sponsors.
Yeah, sure.
The needle Roger Joe, on 560-WQ-A-M.
Look at the racket, who the what?
The F-On-the-World Trade Center.
Come in.
You American.
You have right to vote.
Who you vote President?
John McCain.
John McCain to old.
John McCain like Bush.
This music scary.
John McCain scary.
You vote Barack Obama?
Barack Obama no experience.
Barack Obama weird name.
This music scary too.
Barack Obama scary.
You vote JoJo.
JoJo good.
Like this music.
JoJo fix things.
JoJo fix economy.
Everybody have job.
JoJo fix war.
No more war.
JoJo fix healthcare.
Everybody have insurance.
JoJo fix environment.
Candidates promise but not do.
JoJo do.
How JoJo do?
JoJo not say.
But you believe JoJo.
Because you won't believe JoJo.
Time for change.
Not Obama.
Not McCain.
JoJo.
JoJo fix everything.
Make everything good.
Not promise.
JoJo do.
Really.
November.
Vote JoJo President.
JoJo fix things.
Hi JoJo.
I approve message.
Okay, you got my vote JoJo.
JoJo.
JoJo.
10.0.2.5.60 WQM.
So we're getting shafted again by Allison and by the programming geniuses in there.
Oh, we need Chris Waylon Sunday for the post game show after the often lost.
Hey, when you're as multi talented as an importantist Chris.
This is the country that I was.
Because see what Chris said to them was told him no my first responsibility.
I get paid the big bucks to work on the near Roger show.
That's what I get paid for.
I tried that.
I did that five times.
Well, six times wouldn't have been that much extra effort.
You might have done enough.
You probably have much more important things here at the radio station.
Don't worry.
He's on our ally.
I'll tell you where I was saying our ally and he sure is how listen.
I guess we got flee on Friday.
Sure.
And this coming on the heels of being on vacation all week last week.
And now the announcement.
Oh, well, I guess you won't know.
I won't be there Friday.
Nice going Chris.
Hey, I tried.
Listen here, records.
I'm going to ask him.
Will you quit defending him the indefensible?
That's not his fault.
There's only one word that he has to tell that bitch Allison in that word is no.
No, I told you five times already.
No.
I got to do this show.
The old man is pissed off and fired up.
And he's sick and tired of having people dragged off this show to do other sports crap.
Ball games.
Are you telling me that they don't have anybody else who could produce or whatever you're supposed to be doing the episode?
Parallel game show.
Apparently that's why I asked.
And who's going to want to listen to a stupid post game show after they get pasted again for their third straight laws?
Who's going to want to listen to that crap?
Oh, everybody.
Come on now.
Not.
Not.
This is important.
And especially coming a couple days after we're going to have a thousand votes for Chris in the first hour today on the pool.
All right.
We got 957 already.
957 already.
Like Mr. Hodgeot.
Mr. Turncoat.
It's the only thing I didn't give you those bedtime stories.
I guess I got carried away yesterday because I looked at it today to make sure Curtis had put them up there.
There's like a hundred stories.
So I guess that was my way of getting even with him.
Or maybe there were just a hundred stories that were so important and I hope that somebody would read them.
I hoped and prayed somebody would read them.
You know what I mean by that?
South Florida posted a base slowdown in consumer price increases during July and August.
The scum sent them.
The local council says, according to the new inflation figures released yesterday.
But there's bad news too.
Even though the local consumer price index rose a slight two tenths of a percent in July and August,
the Fort Lauderdale Miami metropolitan area still leads the country and inflation measure on annual basis.
Fort Lauderdale Miami leads the country the worst inflation in the USA.
In the last 12 months the local consumer price index jumped by 5.8% of nations inflation index rose 5.4% for the 12 months ending in August.
That puts South Florida on an unfortunate course.
If the 5.8% inflation rate persisted could equal last year when South Florida had its highest rate of inflation in a freaking decade.
It's not good.
And thank you again Mr. President, Mr. Bozo, Mr. Bumbling Idiot for those low gas prices.
Now here's the way I look at it.
The price of oil yesterday was down to just over 90 bucks a barrel.
I think it's around 91 now.
So instead of 146 has come down over 50 bucks over a third.
So if there's any logic to the cost of gas and the price of oil,
that means instead of four bucks a gallon, that's a third of four bucks.
One bucks a- so you should be paying 270 a gallon for gas.
Anybody out there getting 270?
No, of course not.
Am I right?
Yeah.
If there's real real relationship, it's a scam.
It's a ripoff in case you hadn't noticed.
Dennis, and this email thing, bro, I don't know.
I mean this morning I'd go on, there's a whole bunch of stuff.
Most of it, some of it's in Chinese and some of it's a crap.
And then of course, what's his name?
Your good buddy Danny Dudu, a Cocoa Loco.
He's got more crap on it, which I'm not going to read.
Go away Danny, a Cocoa Loco, say, say that for when George does the show,
you can call him in and do it.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Have you thought about how well I just wasn't conscious,
could fit in the McCain's speech?
Oh, it says.
The programming, the programming, his speeches and the show.
962 votes on the poll.
That's pretty, so anyway, Dennis has a new word for us.
It's spelled B-O-O-B-O-I-S-I-E-S.
B-O-O-I-S-I-E-S.
Is it made up word?
No.
It's a blend of B-O-B and bourgeoisie.
Okay. B-O-I-S.
The general public regarded as consisting of boobs.
Really? B-O-I-S-I-S-I-S.
They're boobs.
And I think-
You guys are like boobs, believe me, no shortage.
And speaking of that, here's a nice picture of Matt Castle left of that queen.
I mean somebody sent me yesterday.
What is close on?
He's a singer too, I guess, huh?
He's got a group or something or he's a singer?
No idea.
What do you mean no idea?
You're supposed to be connected to all this sports crap.
You're supposed to be our link to the sports garbage.
But that's all it takes.
So will-
Oh, can you do the post game?
Show Chris, please!
Pretty please!
We got nobody else to do it.
Nobody wants to do it.
You'll do it your fat turd, won't you?
And then you finally cave in.
Boy, shameless.
There's no emails in there now.
I cleaned out what we had this morning.
There were a couple of all of yous, but generally speaking, I can see it's going to be the same with the emails every day that was with the phone.
Whipping and beating and pleading and screaming and yelling and gnashing.
And like that, to get a response out of this crowd.
Neil at Nearoges.com is our email address.
And Ed, who sent me 6,000 emails since we started this email thing last Wednesday, sends me a picture of his penis.
With Neil, the letter in the NEIL written on it.
Put it back in your pants and go away.
Just go the hell away.
Oh, I hope this doesn't make you angry.
Oh my god.
Ed, what are you trying to say Ed?
You're fairer.
God.
Yeah.
A shocker.
Oh yeah.
What city that you've never been to would you like to visit most?
That's our pool.
969 votes.
Chris is pretty cocky that we're going to make 1,000.
Yeah, thanks.
Yeah.
In spite of the fact that you're abandoning us again on Friday, that's just, you know, it's just, it's like we don't have a regular show here.
It's like this is just, uh, let's give the show a little bit.
Afterthought, Mr. Not Discussed.
That's the word.
Not Discussed.
Right on the head.
We're afterthought.
Discussed in sales meetings.
Not Discussed in sales meetings.
We're afterthought.
That's the end of the hearing meeting.
The redness here.
That child, all right.
The low priority show if it's acknowledged at all.
Well, the highest number is, but the right.
The city understand that.
The other half of your life.
Well, screw you, Clarence.
And you too, Allison.
Bitch.
It's Chris's fault.
Oh, it's my dad.
Chris, all he had to do is say, I told you no five times I can't do it.
It's Chris's fault for being at.
Oh, gas now down almost 12 cents a gallon.
A liter since last day.
Well, not a bargain.
Should be down a buck 30 a gallon.
If the proportion, you know, if there's a real correlation and it's not, they just get together and they set up all these fake prices.
And all the politicians are going to talk a good game.
And nothing happens.
Because we're being raped.
Bend over America and the rest of the world too.
You're being raped at it.
Let's see.
Cities you've never been to.
You've been to the most Amsterdam.
Always wins.
But this time was close with Rome.
Amsterdam 144.
Aroma 134.
Last time we did this sometime back Amsterdam one two to one over Rome.
This time only by ten vote.
Tokyo 72.
That's moving on up.
I don't know why.
It's Georgia's fault.
Yep.
Vancouver 61.
That's my fault because I told you what a great place it is.
London 61.
Prague 55.
Barthalona 48.
Double in 47.
Honolulu 45.
Oh, what a beautiful place.
Too bad it's so damn crowded.
But it's beautiful.
YKB.
Oh my god.
Is to die for in the food.
Mmm.
If you love ponies and food.
You like ponies and food?
Yes I did.
What was the ponies and was it the um...
My Kai?
My Kai?
Yeah.
It's still there.
Now that's not what I'm thinking about.
There was another one.
My Kai.
That's more of a show place.
They put on a bit more than the dance and the album.
The food was good there.
Yeah, it's okay.
And they got those ponies and drinks.
Those Rudy drinks.
That's right.
Paris 44.
Berlin 42.
Las Vegas 34.
Florence 32.
Ferenza.
Beautiful.
Beautiful city and beautiful people.
Jerusalem 31.
New York 21.
Toronto 19.
Ibiza 18.
Stockholm 16.
San Francisco 14.
Copenhagen 14.
And the bottom two on here out of 978 votes are two of my favorite cities in the USA.
Two of my favorite cities anywhere.
Boston 13.
And Chicago only 11.
For Chicago?
Jesus, god.
You gotta be schmitten me.
Chicago, what a great city and what a great downtown and what a great, great bunch of food.
Oh my god.
But maybe everybody's finished Chicago.
Think?
I've spent a couple of hours there.
Did you get the great meals that we got?
Got one.
Where was I?
I remember.
Where did we go?
Not some place special.
Not any of the places that you talked about.
I think we went through a drive-through.
Oh.
Well, Disney, I guess, didn't like you.
He did not.
Didn't he, really?
I wasn't in.
Then Marvin was still there, and remember, even though I was the producer at the time and he was no longer on the show still.
Somehow, he got to go and spend the entire weekend, but I didn't.
Yeah, they love Marvin, right?
Because he used to show up late every day for a show that started at 10 o'clock in the morning and showed up late.
And then when I would do a show from outside and tell him to cut off the calls, he wouldn't do it.
You wanted to be part of it.
They promoted him instead.
That kept happening a lot in that place.
Yeah.
It's kind of like here, you know.
If they like it, it's going to fail and it's going to suck.
And over in the other place that I would be, if it failed and it sucked, then they liked it automatically.
It was the other way around.
I'll never forget that for all.
And by the way, thanks to that guy that sent the DVD over.
I watched the yesterday.
It was a hoot.
I'll talk about that.
That'll kill five minutes.
Stan Major was on there with a Stogie.
Oh, in KC from the Sunshine Band was there.
Michael Finkelson was there.
He was prominently in a background.
And Gilbert was there.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I have for us, Gilbert.
Come on.
So is that right?
Did Stan look homeless to say the least?
Yeah.
But Stan always looks homeless.
So what's unusual about that?
All these days, all I actually did.
Yeah, you're good homeless.
You better get your checkbook out, Mr. Froome.
No, no, no.
You're not homeless right now.
Heap him out.
Marvell, come on.
No, pay it back.
Yeah, I'm sure.
1013 to 560, WQAM.
Yeah.
A person?
Yeah, I'm going to do it for you.
If the boss did not hear his baby.
A WQAM beat the podcast group incorporated.
Hey!
A stench of cow manure.
Hover is over.
This performance by the golf player.
Absolutely.
I am.
When you're old, you're cranky.
And very close to the end.
Yeah, a politician that wants to go home to one of your homes.
My friends, you choose a bookbird in Benchee.
For your vice president, you're a useful idiot to take over.
But it's my time to go.
My friends.
So I call you my friends.
With every sense that I end.
Gosh, I'm running.
My friends.
For president.
Shit, I have no idea how to do it.
I have no great self-cepted all.
I'm a great doggy.
And I would not joke about street to fall.
And my auntie, Riga Mordeson, said to my friends.
Say, would you like to know who want to be my friends?
Missed forms of hating fools.
That it had had white ones.
And then a religious right one.
The change I promise to trade in charge.
My diversion.
But when I went there.
And I'm loud and say that.
From soul, my friends, my friends.
My friends, my friends.
My friends, my friends.
For office, you're writing.
I guess that makes you my friends.
Yeah, anything more I can do.
I'm always under my chin.
Yeah, I'm fucking, I'm fucking, I'm fucking, I'm fucking, I'm fucking, my friends.
My friends, my friends, my friends.
I can just want you to share my friends.
I'll say it again.
10-20-560 W-Q-A-N.
Come on, let's go!
Here's a few emails.
Danny Boy says,
Joe Rose is so desperate to change the subject
from the wall of football.
They try to convince listeners this morning
that the Martins are still in a wildcard race.
What a joke that is.
Let me ask even the fact Chris there
are the Martins still in a wildcard race?
Officially yes, unofficially not really.
No chance.
And they've got a whole bunch of teams ahead of them,
like 75 teams ahead of them,
they have to jump over.
No chance and they can't play the next every day either.
Washington?
Hey, they beat the Oswald last night.
Why?
They beat Oswald last night.
Oswald.
Roy Oswald.
It's a good picture.
What are you talking about?
They didn't put that guy.
You won't be there on Friday, you know what?
And it says,
Oh, and what the F kind of fake radio name is Kirk Herbstreet.
It's the first of all, get it right Danny Boy.
It's Jerk Jerk Street.
I bet you he knows Jerks.
A lot of Jerks running around in the sports world.
All these, oh, and speaking of Jerks,
did you see in the, I'm sure you did.
In the Keynes Geaters game, a couple weeks ago,
did you see Lee Corso on the sideline?
Mm-hmm.
He getting all bent out of shape and all pissed off
and it came and they tried to tell him,
hey, you're on camera and he get out of here.
And he was all pissed off.
He was probably had a big bet on the game.
And it didn't look like the Geaters were going to cover.
Wouldn't they like 24 point favorites or something
like that and they went by two or three?
Two or a half, I'm like that, yeah.
And they went by 23.
Correct.
Well, what a coincidence that is, huh?
Mm-hmm. Just think of a Google.
Why?
They've kicked that last minute field goal
to get the other point.
Yeah, that's right.
That's a good point.
Not just to jam it down the Keynes stroke,
but to make sure they covered the spread.
Oh my God.
Wanted to disgrace.
Chuck in Chicago says,
please stop talking about how wonderful Chicago is.
We don't want the miserable A-holes
from South Florida coming up here.
It took me almost 30 years to escape South Florida.
I don't want following me up here.
Good point, Chuck.
Chicago sucks in Toronto's a hell of a lot worse, man.
Really cold and nasty, long winter times.
Oh, even though it's sunny,
it's going to be 23, 73 today,
but nevertheless, that's just temporary.
We can just snow in the sleet.
The ice, right?
Yep.
What's your story today, boy?
You've been sitting on the cramp or all day.
You're not well.
No, no.
I think since you've got the word that their cramp,
Chris was going to shine us on Friday.
On beside myself.
By the way, speaking of beside themselves,
Allison came in here very concerned now,
taking it all away.
She ought to be asleep.
She ought to be.
She offered to do the shift herself.
If Chris being here on Friday is that important,
and I assured her that it is not, and to relax.
Well, who side are you on?
Not that big a deal.
Of course, it's a big deal.
It's fat Chris, and he might be a big deal,
but he's the only one epto enough
to be able to do the show you understand.
To do what show?
The post game show.
In other words, everybody here is,
they suck their moron.
They don't know how to do anything.
What about Victor?
Who?
Victor Chris, no, I see the name on the schedule here.
Victor, producer.
You know, they only hire people.
They're either interns or they've been hired
for five minutes, and as soon as, you know,
they get to the point where they might wanna raise
or ask who to raise a spec.
Who?
Oh, yeah, that's all spec.
Specter?
Chris will tell you all about him.
Wow, let's just start with him.
That's a great.
Well, he was doing it to start the year,
and then he's not doing it anymore.
Yeah, and what is that?
He's in it?
Oh, yeah.
That's what I hear.
That's what everybody says.
This is the big old show from two to four.
Right.
What about Brian?
Which Brian?
The one that produces the big old in the morning.
That's better.
That is the same person.
But how come he's listed as Brian, one place,
and specter, another place?
Why are you asking somebody questions, man?
And then on Tuesday, he's specter and spec.
Oh, this clearance, man.
Oh, the one about 8,000.
We got 8,000 different kind of rejoins,
and just, yes, so they're gonna say,
the sports leader is that, is that it, you know?
The worst formatics in the history of the business,
the worst.
No consistency, no nothing makes any sense,
and that's clearance for him.
Of course, they love him.
They just love clearance,
because he's a loser and an idiot and a sippledon.
And Allison, you ought to be ashamed of yourself
for shining us on this show.
Why do we always come last and voice?
He sure learned first for somebody who supposedly
likes this show.
She sure learned real quick.
Isn't she?
If you need to screw somebody, screw that Roger's show
because we don't like him.
I'm gonna like George and we hate Bad Chris.
Yeah, well, we'll survive, flee to the good job.
Is it any promises you'll stay in the room this time?
I don't care if he stays in room with something
talking about it, I'm using.
It's amusing to have dead air, you know?
And of course not.
You have it all the way to the day
or because when we win his dead air,
and you hear that Cuban in the background going,
I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going,
I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going.
La Cucaracha, la Cucaracha.
I'm thinking what I really ought to do
and make the audience feel more at ease, you know, comfortable,
is like get some Cuban music,
maybe see that cruise and play in the background
all the time, loud.
Here's a facts for an email, whatever the hell this is,
from Tony.
You're one of a kind, funny MF.
Missed the hockey talk, though,
Panthers are still going to suck, go Leafs.
Tony said, yeah, sucking around, go Leafs.
The Leafs are going to suck a lot worse
than you believe, Tony.
They're going to be pathetic, pathetic.
Oh, there's the rookie game in an hour.
Yeah, by Cooper.
Eagle and cat, Flair.
Well, I'll tell you one thing,
when you're that desperate, they have to put a rookie game on.
I mean, just tragic.
Let's get a real game on here.
Oh, they're in break.
How about a football game?
Those mistakes gives you the ability to grow.
Countdown the NFL's top chance.
Just think of games best moments
and break down everything in the world as football.
And then get a life
for Kirk Jerk Street.
Oh, when are we going to get Ethan Skolnik back on Earth?
Maybe Kimberkin, do a guest appearance
and talk about Ethan Smelly-Balmovement.
That's not a good thing.
Back up to the next tower.
Peter Rodgers,
Portland, look, 5.60 QAM.
B. Fourth, leader.
You get a lot of B.
B.
The Rogers on Sports Hole, radio, WQA.
B.A.
B.A.
A.
Election Day.
The first Tuesday in November.
When you go to school
Please don't cast your ballot
for some old Frankie Doat you
Let's select the man who gives us hope,
Food for borough, and what you'll find
And oh right, it's not because
He's have like an elf fighting
It's because he is the best candidate
And if you have heard his message,
Then follow this campaign
There's no way you could vote for John McCain
Food for Barack, and what you'll find
And if Barack beats a king
Then conservatism will rise
Boy, here's a scandalous thing I just got an email
From Charles and Miami
Okay, by report, I heard Jimmy Sifle is doing his show this morning
I'm WIOD, I thought he worked for you guys
I thought he worked for us guys too, not that we're proud of him
What's the story, Fat Chris?
Did Jimmy Sifle also appear on IOD?
I have no idea.
Why not? Because they don't keep me on that
Remember Ron Phant?
Who cried?
By the way, you bick with his name,
He's getting just annoying
I'm just deleting your crap, okay, you're boring
Trying to give me a lecture or something to dance about
Well, it doesn't really work that way about the price of oil
The price of gas, are you more on?
Yeah, blow it out your ass, you simple
Anyway, Ron says, good morning Neil
I know this doesn't affect you or I, however, at the loaf and jug
And share it in my home and gas is $3.40 a gallon
I suppose the 15 or 20 people who live there are might be happy
This is Ron, chronic Ron
That's good, I'm glad we got chronic on the emails
Because otherwise we'd have nothing on there
Neil at Neoronjers.com, if you have something to say
Or a spy report like that one about Jimmy Cifalus
Boy, that would be scandalous wouldn't it?
Oh yeah, if he's moonlighting over there in IOD uh,
Concerning with the enemy
Next thing you know, he'll be on air sidekick with FTSE
Could only be an improvement
Or maybe FTSE can get jerked, jerk street on air all the time
Here's the pool, we got over a thousand votes back
Chris, what do you think? It's just barely 1030
We already got a thousand some odd
Alright
1021, wow
I'll change the pool if my nero puts the new one up there
It's not a new one, it's an old one again
It's not on air yet, he'll get around to it
What city that you've never been to would you like to visit the most?
So Alison was freaked out, I should do it seriously
Yes, good
Quit screwing with this show, dammit
I mean if this was the first time it happened I would say oh well okay, no big deal
But it happens all the time
All the time
Just like Cortus remember how he used to work on his show?
Right, oh well we got important things for him to do
We got that, and just like last Thursday when he was here
Only until the food came and he shoved that big stake down his disgusting push
And then we got to send him out to Dolphin Camp
What is it? I thought his job, his function was to do the website
He's feeling it is still not understand the uh, the where we are thing
No you don't understand when people have a job
Yeah, that's their job
See this isn't a place of service
When they make up all these excuses about going out to Dolphin Camp
I don't give a crap about Dolphin Camp and nobody with a brain cares about it either okay
Right?
Nobody with a half a brain cares about where they get Dolphin Camp
But here they do, it's all important
Well you know something that's because like I said we'll have a brain, didn't you hear what I just said?
I said that's right
Sick, sick, simple things
If it has to do with smelling jocks straps
That's right
That's a lot more important than that Daniel Rogers show
He has to go out there and smell the jocks straps and then post on double-dead lights on what they smell like
Or you know how pungent it is and how gay me
Oh
How what?
Gay, gay me, yeah, didn't you see that there's a whole page there?
On the website
Gay me jocks strap page?
Mm-hmm
What city have you never been to would you like to visit most? We got a thousand in some odd vote
Amstu Dan 150, I'm ready, this is a little old
Because I printed it out two minutes ago and the votes are just pouring in on there
Two by the emails aren't pouring in at Neil, uh, Neil at neorodges.com
And that duty guy, that the doodoo head Daniela Cocoa local
He's one of your followers
Oh yeah
Oh yeah, he's from the Church of Georgia, yeah that's right
You had that audio on him yesterday
Sure
Wanna hear it again?
No, no, I don't wanna hear that
He's like, he's like, he's like, you're crazy punk
Crazy, yeah, we always say about crazy people, that's right, they're scary
Scary, you're scary, Danny afraid
Amstu Dan 150, Rome 140
Tokyo 75, Vancouver 65, London 64, Prague 58, Dublin 50
Why the hell would anybody want to go to Dublin? Let's maybe their Irish
I want to
Why?
Irish
Oh your Irish?
No, I like the Irish
I don't dislike the Irish, but they're pasty and ugly and so I would not go to the pub
Yeah they are
They're not, but they're not ugly
Pasty and ugly
I hate the Irish
Oh I love them
Bartholona 49, Honolulu 46, Paris 45, Berlin 43
Las Vegas has dropped precipitously only 34
Why do you think that is?
Maybe more people have been there
Florence 33, Jerusalem 31, New York 21, Ibiza 19, Toronto 19
Stay the hell away
You'd hate it here
Copenhagen 16, Stockholm 16
Very expensive Stockholm, very overpriced and a lot of neurotic drugs
And unfriendly people, very if you like Miami you love Stockholm because the people are extraordinarily unfriendly
Naaaah
Especially if you're like Jewish, a lot of anti-Semites in Sweden
Maybe they're all in Minnesota now
What is it about the Swedes?
What are we going to do about the Jews? I told you the old Sweden, remember that color?
I'm forgetting where that was
I think it was on WS News
He called many many times
It's the old Sweden, what are we going to do about the Jews?
San Francisco 15, Boston 14, in Chicago only 11
You'd hate Chicago
And Boston, forget it
No, the guy was right
Why should we send anybody who escapes South Florida to get to a really decent place?
Why should we send South Floridaians there to Hasleham?
Like that frog, that French comedian bitch in at the DVD that the guy said
Thanks again
It was kind of sad to see Fat Rich was there
What was he doing there? He wasn't saying anything, he had a headset on
That's what he always does
He shows up, he sits next to you
All he does? He always did
Did
Show up, sit next to you and he would be Fat Rich from the New Roger Show
Yeah
I mean, I never really understood it either
He would go into the studio while you were doing the show and sit there
He was never actually on the show with you yet he would represent himself as Fat Rich from the New Roger
He was a good guy, he was a lot of good times of the track
Lots and lots of laughs, lots of good times
Actually, Cass, if you take it, I had the super, I had the super
I'll never, as long as I live, I'll never forget that day
He went running up to this one table
His old lady and her husband or whoever
I had the super, they didn't know him from Adam, they didn't have any idea who he was
They couldn't have cared less
And then it come to find out that the number got taken down anyway
Dan Daly was driving one of the horses on the superfected ticket
And the horse got taken down for, it was a trot race and it got taken down for pacing in the stretch
And when I saw that light go up inquiry and Rich said, oh what happened that way?
You don't got the super rich, he was great, he was a lot of fun
Also, there were a lot of interesting stories there that I see, I'm not one of those people that's inquisitive, I don't ask a lot of questions
Right, and sometimes you're better off
Oh yeah, already left with the only Jew in Seabrain Florida who's also chronic
I think we got about a dozen people on there with the emails
And that's okay, although I don't want Ed anymore, Ed I'm going to delete all your emails and take your penis and stick it where the moon knows shine
It wouldn't be the first time I'm sure
Right, magic marker, he writes Neil on his, how do you know it was a magic marker?
Thing, well it was that kind of hood, a bit of Sharpie
Well maybe it was
I'll let you listen for it, I'll forward the pic
Oh no thank you, I'm good
Well then shut up
No art says I've been listening for more than 22 years, I laugh at the bits and jokes and I read the bedtime story so thanks to you I'm funny and smart
Yeah, he's smart, not like Frado
Smart
Hey Frado
This is one of the best, this is perfect from Nick
It's a little, it's a little spoof on the calls
It says Neil, thank you for taking my email
What's your take on the dolphins? How do you attack the buffet?
Then do any restaurants in Amsterdam? Going to Vegas soon? I'll hang up and listen
Good job Nick
Good job, good job, good job, good job, good job
The best talent is the Mad Dog Jim Mendes
Afternoon, sport a seven, sports radio 560 QAM, the sports leader
You know, that richer reminds me my mother
I'm dying on the air
Oh, that has really please go away
Find a new way to attack a buffet, go home and eat your whole holes
Till you explode
Just like your fat fat churned ladies
Have you buy two seats on a plane?
Spend your fingers that have yellow stains from sea tones
Can see your toes
The faster thing you know
Drows to be fact disgusting and hasty
Oh, hey, hey
You make the judges women smile
They like a cow whose radiance is
Things will be fast for repulsive and mild
Your body, she smells like a crap butt
After it was occupied by head pass
Learned a shoe or two getting the air gone
Gussier to goddamn wall
What?
I can squeal, I can squeal
I can squeal fat ladies
Sivin' with your lover less mean
Slowering and startin' the tree
Between her and me
As Potatoe eats
Smellest fish in zoomi
Tapin' up until the next boys dance
Hey, C.D.
Hey
Hey
1047, 13, 411 and 560 W.Q.Y.
I'm happy Wednesday too
What do we got today?
We got the big O2
He is...
Lock solid
Yeah, in his own mind
Mad Dog 4 to 650
Then we got that Marlins Garber
650 to 7
Well, only another couple weeks in the baseball season
We'll be over for our losing teams like the Marlins
Jesse Agner with that first bitch thing, 650
7 to 8 it's dolphins that I with Kimba Bo camper
The wooden Indian
Sagarster Indian and 8 to 11 it's the D.A. show
Trying desperately to fight dead air and signal that nobody can hear
Good luck to you D.A. you'll need it
Fat man after dark wants to know who side is Chris on there, Neil
You brought him into the flat after that jack hole Josh abandoned you
And now he wants to rule on you in order to smell Chad Pennington's aromas for shame
For shame says the fat man
I thought he'd be supportive because generally fat people support each other
But not not fat man after dark
Maybe he's not after dark maybe he's slim in the morning
Mike says a hockey talk just what we need Mike
Need to call up the Maple Leafs need to call a Bob prober and Paul Carpsey
See if they'll come back and play
It'll be an improvement from what they got now
They suck
They suck, forget about it Mike, forget about hockey
The Panther is going to suck the Leafs are going to suck the worst
The central manager John Muffler was saying the other day
And of course this is the man who had
Whatever happened to spawning events where there was aPlay-Bot Play-Guy
who toyed in what was happening on the field on the ice, and that was it.
BAM! That is saved by Amory!
It's without all this extra-verbiage from all these jerk, jerk street guys.
BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! I just nauseated, man.
How about a 10-man booth?
Hawaii's Native Son Obama supporter. Supporters focused on Nevada. This guy looks like Gilbert.
But in Hawaii's Republican part, looks like a Hawaiian Gilbert.
Well, he was sure was prominently figured in that DVD.
Now, is there a way we could put that on our website?
I'm sure.
For people to watch.
One way or another.
I'll ask Eric, probably an AVI follower.
And here's another scandalous or we could put it on YouTube.
scandalous email from Rocky.
Another spy report, it says,
syphilis was on Paul and Ron Monday morning.
Another cheap channel, station.
Well, what's the story with that?
I have no idea.
Doesn't he also be sad doing it in play by play by play and very poorly by the way in the dolphin games?
Doesn't he also appear on some of those shows, you know, like the dolphin shows, whatever?
What does he, like, freelance in his pants, is that the Neo-Gemmy syphilis?
Maybe that was his penis with Neo-Rid and not it.
Oh, I'm going to get sick.
Eric changed the poll on us.
That's good.
The other one I gave you the result.
We had a 1333 votes, not too bad.
Which of these disturbs you the most about software?
We have a couple we need to add.
One I put on to that Eric overlooked.
The hate.
The hate.
Got it?
Got it.
And don't live there.
Because obviously we have, you know, a lot of people who got out.
A lot of people listening online who are not in software, so maybe they hated something bad enough to get out of there in the first place, but they're not there no more.
What's it is that disturbs you the most about software?
We have a quick 34-of-a-vote on there.
People who can't, who won't speak English 15, that is really...
Thank you, Abe.
Want them to speak English in a foreign country like, especially, Dave County?
The driver is 11, oil people 3, crying 3, crappy schools 2, and the other 2 just went on there.
The hate.
I want to revote the hate.
Eugene Robinson, you know Eugene, he's on MSNBC all the time.
Anyway, Oberman was especially good last night. He had a great show.
I thought it was your name that you were so enchanted with.
She's awesome.
Mr. Macon stuff up.
I said I saw her, and then you say these things.
What's her name?
Rachel Maddowne.
Rachel Maddowne says I heard her a lot.
I watched her.
She didn't...
I was even willing to watch her interview that never.
I was just like the audience tomorrow.
Why?
That I said I saw her.
That's all I said.
And then I'm in...
And I thought he was going to go to sleep by the time she finished with her boring.
She doesn't know what she's talking about, but it means that it's moving.
She's just awful, horrible.
Oh, you're terrible, Neil.
Why won't you give Rachel a break?
Give Sarah and Rachel a break.
You okay?
It's got nothing to do with the fact that she's a woman.
If she was good, if she did a good show, if she was exciting, why don't you just play
Oldman all every hour all night?
Okay.
It's all I got.
And then they got Chris Matthews there with his...
The politics fix.
The politics...
The whole show has been about politics and is way back when the primary started, but they
have to have a segment called the politics fix.
Because that's all I know on MSNNBC.
Maybe we can let them do the square table.
And gay or not gay.
Maybe if a Kenyan blow allowed them to do that.
Those were two of the highlights of the Kenyan blow morning show.
That was my favorite, the square table.
Remember that they would get two bozos on the phone?
They had two bozos on in the studio and then they'd get two bozos on the phone, square table.
And then we find out that toast brought that from across the street.
That's a bad name, Arthur.
What?
Toast?
When you just said, yeah.
What happened to him?
He wound up going back across?
I think he's on...
Over on in 85.
There's more than 85 other sports stations.
See, on that?
I think he's with Old Ron in our poll, I think.
Toast?
Yep.
Oh my god.
Eugene Robinson, who you know him, he's the light-complexed dark guy or the dark-complexed light guy.
Who's on MSNBC all the time with the glasses, you know?
Palin keeps lying and lying and...
What kind of person tells a self-grant, a grandizing lie gets called on it and admits publicly the truth is not all what she originally claimed and then goes out and starts telling the original lie again without changing a word.
Sarah Palin is beginning to seem like quite an unusual woman.
I'm not talking about her love of guns and snow machines.
Her faith, her family, her envy, presumably non-alreated attributes that we in the elite media are accused of savaging.
Wrongly accused, I should add, reporters are doing nothing more sinister than trying to find out who she is, how she thinks and what she's done in the orifice.
One deeply-traveling thing we've learned about Palin is that as far as she's concerned, unambiguous fact doesn't appear to rise even at a level of inconvenience.
I'm sorry, but to explain my point, I have to make another visit.
My last, I hope, to the never-built $398 million bridge to know where there was to join the town of Kitchokan, Alaska with its airport on the other side of the Tungras narrows.
You recall then her Republican convention speech, Palin burnished her budget-hawk credentials by claiming she had said,
thanks but no thanks to a congressional earmark that would have paid most of the cost.
A quick check of the public record show that Palin supported the bridge when she was running for governor, continued to support it once she took orifice and dropped her backing only after the project,
by then widely ridiculed as an example of bad pork barrel spending, was effectively dead on Capitol Hill.
In her interview with ABC's Charlie Gibson, Palin fessed up.
It was not inappropriate for a mayor or governor to work with members of Congress to obtain federal money for infrastructure projects he argued.
What I supported, she said, was a link between a community and its airport.
Case closed.
Except that on Saturday, three days after that interview, Palin said this to a crowd in Nevada.
I told Congress thanks but no thanks to that bridge to know where, then if our state wanted to build that bridge, we'd build it ourselves.
That's not just a lie, but an acknowledged lie, which he actually told Congress was more like, give me the money for the bridge,
and then later after the whole thing became an embarrassment, she didn't object to using the money for other projects.
I'm not shocked to learn that politicians sometimes lie to certain example that comes immediately to mind, John McCain's campaign ads, a technical racco bomb, have taken such liberties that even Carl Rose says he wonders if they've gone too far.
But it's weird for a politician or anyone else really to maintain that an assertion is true after admitting that it isn't true.
Maybe Palin cynically believes he can keep using the no thanks line and manage to stay one step out of the truth police.
Maybe she calculates that audiences rather believe her than their lying eyes.
Or maybe she really believes her own fantasy-based version of events.
Maybe the legend of Sarah Palin has become on some level more real than her than her actual history.
And quite a legend that's turning out to be.
We watched in post-reported Sunday that is Mayor of Taini, Wassilla.
Palin pressured the town librarian to remove controversial books from the shelves, cut funds for the town museum, but somehow found the money for a new deputy administrator slot, and told City employees not to talk to reporters.
And the New York Times reported Sunday that as Governor Palin appointed a high school classmate, Francie Havemeister to a $95,000-year job as head of the state division of agriculture, Havemeister said her childhood love of cows is a qualification for running the roughly $2 million agency this time is reported, noting her as one of the least five schoolmates Palin has given a high paying state government jobs.
One of at least five.
Nothing against cows, nothing against high school BBS and being true to your school, but a different picture of Sarah Palin's beginning to emerge.
The Camp McCain campaign would like us to see a straight-talking gun-toting, moose-eviscerating lipstick wearing Frontiers woman, instead of beginning to discern an ambitious opportunistic politician who makes no bones about rewarding friends and punishing those who stand in her way.
And who believes that truth is nothing more and nothing less than what she says it is.
I'm 52 AM.
And the sports leader.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
Get, get, get, get, get, get, get.
This is the boy.
Swap, swap, swap, swap, swap, swap, swap, swap.
Any questions?
Fellow citizens, I have a message for you.
I can't stand John McCain.
I counted out our nominee because he refused to hedge his commitment to the special interests, than the lobbyists, than the big-oil companies, than the good ol' boys.
But...
I've noticed a pattern with our opponent, and maybe you have to.
Honesty and sincerity and dignity, and there is much to like and admire about our opponent.
Senator Obama doesn't run with the Washington herd.
The Democratic nominee for president supports plans to challenge the status quo, to serve
the common good, and to leave this nation better than we found it.
My fellow Americans, that is the kind of man America needs to see us through the next four years.
Senator Obama, a leader who's not looking for a fight, but sure is an afraid of one either.
If character is the measure in this election, then I ask you to join our cause,
and help America elect a great man as the next president of the United States.
Thank you, and God bless America.
Thank you.
I said thanks for no thanks, thanks for no thanks.
Wow, the whole thing is just enough to make you want to go to bed and never take you to a real kind of...
It is, it's like a comedy.
Mark says, oh well, let me get to this first one first, which I find, so evidently,
Syphilis did the morning show on IOD this morning.
I thought he was part of our staff, Jimmy Syphilis.
Maybe he's just part of the dolphin staff, and we have him on the air sometimes, I wonder.
Well, how do you like that?
So maybe Jimmy, he's branching out, Jimmy Syphilis.
Here's a email that is just scary.
It said for what this is worth, which might not be much, and I'm sure that's the case.
From a trusted source, let me share some information I've gotten from...
from something.
Oh, from excellent sources within the N.C.
On or about October 5, Biden will excuse himself from the ticket, citing health problems,
and he'll be replaced by Hillary.
This is time to occur after the Vice-Presidential debate on October 2.
You heard it here first. It says Don.
I mean, talk about transparent and shallow and just embarrassing.
Am I right? I mean, I realize there's a lot of stupid Hillary people.
That's a scary notion.
I mean, that would be so obvious, an act of desperation.
Oh, we got to get Hillary on there, yeah.
Were my right?
Yeah. Who would that fool only the dumbest of the dumb?
Right.
I mean, that's only what? 40% of the public?
Oh, more than that.
Mark says what I think is funny is that I thought the email idea was a great idea.
It is a great idea.
I don't think it's given the response that you were looking for as with the calls.
People could call you up and act like the fools and make noises that 95% of them did.
As with most of the callers, I'm sure they can't type or spell.
So that's why it's not taking off. Talk to you soon, Mark.
It's not taking off. It's doing fine.
It's not like it was the first couple of days because it was a novelty.
I know it's not getting the kind of response I thought it would, but nevertheless,
it's not...
I'm your friend. I'm your friend.
It's not that.
Great program, the election and program, a controversial program.
Not that.
Georgia's gay.
He wishes.
There is nothing that I've ever been associated with.
Oh, wait, can you hear this?
I mean, I realize people can't listen every minute of every day,
but Steven or my Mubites News just wanted to know how you liked the video I gave
Georgia the live remote unit at the Bizarre at the flea market back in the early 90s.
Do you remember doing that show?
In the video, who was the short guy holding the microphone for the...
Tom Denebury for the Canadian woman in the audience?
Are you going to post this video on your website?
Thanks, Steven or my Mubites.
I loved it, Steve.
I talked about it at length in the first hour, and I wish you'd listen to the show.
Steve.
I also said to Georgia let's put it on our website.
We'll figure it out one way or another, and if not, we can always do a YouTube, I think.
How long is it, by the way, more or less, the video I'm talking about.
18 minutes.
Let me be a little long for YouTube.
I'll ask Eric when we'll research it. How's that?
I mean, Sam Ager's in there, like you said, looking at homeless.
I forgot, though, because you forget what people look like at the time.
It seems all normal at the time.
It's all old elf.
That's what Stan looks like.
An old elf.
Come your hair or something.
Going out into the public.
What are you waiting for?
Stan Lee T for for crying out loud.
He's down and out on his lap.
How like appears to those of me that two grand people were giving you crap about the way that you dressed or something.
You look like a fashion plate standing next to him or sitting next to him.
Fat in your work.
I'm a jicke with his comeover.
Tom had about six hairs back in those days, and he had them like, you know, like the Bob Cole come over across the top of his head.
And I don't know what the purpose was.
What was jicke doing there?
He didn't say much of anything.
I don't know.
And no, I don't remember doing that remote.
Believe me.
I remember doing a couple of specs.
Those shows were just awful.
Awful.
Remember those?
Yep.
Was it specs?
It was someplace in the Asangras.
Spectre.
I think it was a specs.
Oh my god.
Mark says, can't stream at work all the time.
I'm trying to get your station on the list of the AOL radio or Pandora's food.
Here, I can hear you on my iPhone.
Then I can listen to what I'm on the can.
Oh, that's even placed on this show, Mark, on the can.
18-year devotee, keep bashing religious right.
I love it.
You changed my life, says Mark.
Thanks, Mark.
Change my life, too.
Jimmy Cifilis was hosting the morning shows as when one of our regular chronics.
On 6-10 this morning, saying he was a physical conservative and a lot of other kaka.
Who cares whether he's a sports nerd, he's an ex-jock.
He's a horrendous play by playboys.
If you were Miami Dolphins, you're O and two and soon to be O and three Miami Daphons.
Who've lost 20 of their last 21 regular season games.
20 out of 21, almost perfection.
Hey, that takes a work to do that.
That's right.
Takes a special, oh, here's a whole bunch more.
So, Mark, who's given me a solid answer about, oh, it's not worth it.
It'll be fine, Mark.
Just relax.
Don't be so, uh, like George always says.
Just chill out.
Went in doubt.
Chill it out.
87 votes on the new pool.
Which of these describes the, uh, I'm sorry, disturbs you most about South Florida.
People who can't or won't speak English.
No speaking English.
28.
The hate.
19.
I see that was late edition.
It should have been on there right away because I wrote it on there.
Maybe Eric couldn't read it.
I wrote it with a green pen.
I'm sure he could read it.
He just overlooked it.
Just in his haste to, uh, get it on there.
Just relax Eric.
You're doing wonderful as usual.
And don't, uh, don't let the court.
Just send me any more messages one, thirty in the morning.
One, forty five in the morning was the second one.
And I just noticed that I put about 4,000 bedtime stories on there last night
just to get even with him.
Wait till you see what we do to get even with, uh, Fat Chris for, uh,
trying to do this on Friday.
Hey Allison, you're sticking at two of Sunny.
You're not fooling me.
And then George, see, one thing about George, any, any creature with a smirt.
Let's go dress up like a skirt and a couple of boobs.
George immediately crumbles like a, like, a, like, a, like, a, like, a, like, a,
crap over here because she's the only female in this department and they treat her like absolute crap.
Why is that?
Because she's a female and they hate females in here in this building and in this department.
And, and you're giving her a call.
And George said even with us anymore.
Right?
And I'm not saying that she's a bad person.
I've never met her.
She's a newbie.
Yeah, she's a newbie.
She's open our appearance.
She's in popular circumstances.
Why?
She's, uh, she hates crowds.
She's very shy.
She has crippling shyness.
It's true.
Yep.
Really?
Really?
And, and nothing.
She's like a gore fob if she won't go out into crowds.
And so they give her crap.
And they're probably other ones who are telling the comments behind her back saying,
get, uh, fat Chris to do that post-game show.
The last thing she wants to do is mess with this show.
It would either be Chris because he's the only one that knows how to do it or-
What do we care?
It's, it's no big deal.
I know that's what I'm talking about.
It's all her, it's all her, it's all her, it's all her, it's all her, it's all her, it's all her, it's all her.
She was a lot of funnier than Chris but nevertheless.
Well, funny or looking anyway.
Yeah.
And I'm not sure of that.
But trust me.
I meant, please, please have that funny look.
Oh, he's particularly funny looking today.
He's wearing a funny hat.
I'll take a picture.
Oh, I don't want to see it.
I'm going to take it right now.
Condentenberg was there with the microphone out in the audience in that, in that DVD.
Uh-huh.
The bizarre flea market appearance.
It was bizarre.
Too much Gilbert, though.
Always.
It's just a little bit too much.
It's just a little bit too much.
It's just a little bit too much.
It's just a little bit too much.
It's just a little bit too much.
It's just a little bit too much.
It's just a little bit too much.
It's just a little bit too much.
It's just a little bit too much.
It's just a little bit too much.
It's just a little bit too much.
It's just a little bit too much.
It's just a little bit too much.
It's just a little bit too much.
I mean, when you're old as I am, I'll be 66 November.
I mean, when you're old as I am, I'll be 66 November.
I mean, when I'm in South Florida, I feel like a teenager.
I feel like I'm out of place.
I woke up and I wound up in a nursing home.
I was like a teenager.
What am I doing here with these old nasty, bitter, hateful people?
I'm sick.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
It's global or cheating or cheating.
No, it's global or cheating.
and I like it.
Exhibitioning.
Exhibitioning.
Exhibitioning costs a lot for a extra.
Exhibitioning feels as soon as.
I like it.
Exhibitioning know we truly wanted.
Exhibitioning^^
Exhibitioning now.
Exhibitioning gaming now.
Exhibitioning music.
Exhibitioning music.
Exhibitioning music.
Exhibitioning music.
Exhibitioning music.
Exhibitioning music.
Exhibitioning music.
Exhibitioning music.
big hole in South Africa. It says these are the only...
I know her.
Seven amazing holes.
And Sarah's not even on here.
Oh, she's on the other one, hose.
These holes are not only amazing.
Some of them are really terrifying.
First, the sheer scale of these holes reminds you of how tiny you are.
First one, Kimberly Big Hole in South Africa.
The largest hand...
Glory hole, Monticello Dam California.
The Zarlican thing, it's used when a dam is a full capacity
and water needs to be drained from the reservoir.
It's the largest in the world of this type of spillway.
It sighs in everything it's a consume 14,000 foreign cubic feet of water every second.
And it's like in the middle of a big lake and it's a hole.
And it's called Glory Hole Monticello Dam California.
Yeah, I heard about that one.
I'll bet you did.
And here's our goldstein standing and waving.
Looking real skinny, by the way.
Bingham King and mine.
Glory holes.
Wow.
Supposedly the largest man-made excavation on earth.
Well, why don't you forward that to me so we can enjoy it too.
Giant, great blue hole in Belize.
Wow, a big blue hole.
Deavak mine, Canada.
The mine is so huge and area so remote it's got its own airport with the runway large enough to accommodate a Boeing 737.
It looks equally cool when surrounding water is frozen.
Looks just like a big hole in the water.
Sink hole in Guatemala.
And the really terrifying one and it's a picture of the U.S. Capitol.
The famous rat hole.
Capable swallowing trains and trains of U.S. dollars annually.
Never to be heard from again, reputed to be fully at least 535 A-holes.
There's the sink hole and the A-hole.
So should I just forward that whole thing?
Please.
The whole thing, yes.
Okay.
Okay.
You got it.
Here's one.
It says, what a great show you have once again.
Now that the chronics are gone.
Once they're gone, they're gone.
That slime bowl senator from Connecticut was on the IMA show this morning and was spouting the mantra about how great Sarah Pellan and she's an example of change McCain has been to bring the country.
Letter, a Lieberman's head is so far up the GOP's ass that they're starting to taste his Yarmulka.
Well, they had Jew Lieberman on it this morning.
And what show on IMAs? Well, I figures.
It's sickening to think that this guy was nearly VP.
It's even more sickening to think that the Spirala's Democrats still allow this guy to have the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee.
The truth is the Republicans don't give a rat's ass about that guy or 99% of his positions.
They're simply using four-hole Jew like upon to grab voters from the elitist moderate northeasterners that the Republicans and their Stone Age policies ignore and abhor.
McCain might be his friend but couldn't stand up to his party and pick Joe for VP.
Instead, Senator country first picked the underwhelming Pellan, a move that screams who gives a fart about the country just get the Republicans elected.
Unfortunately, as George Carlin once said, getting to the root of this country's political troubles, the public sucks.
Nobody cares that the more the entire McCain Pellan platform is of lies, deception, and fear.
Sorry for the ventilation and keep on talking about how much you love us, Indian folk.
Cheers from A&L, A&I, A&L in New York City.
A&L?
Yeah, I kept that email without making me A&L retentive.
It would. I got it.
Sorry for the back-to-back email. I just thought it was interesting to mention I was working at a digital printing shop and we're doing a ton of Obama campaign printing that gets sent out on the mail.
I just hope these crazy red necks, war-thirsty people go away. Maybe Joyce would fit right in with them.
Screw it and this world and you and your whatever it says.
Says a bunch of crap.
Okay, so we're getting some emails on there, in spite of what Mark said.
Oh, I thought it was going to be really good.
I don't know what Mark was trying to say, just take a shot.
I thought it was a great idea. It is a great idea and it's working just fine.
Okay, I can't have, well, what if I had 100 of them coming all at once?
What am I going to do with that?
Read them.
Where am I going to stick those?
Right, go.
Glory, hold.
It says if McCain gets elected, I'm going to move to Canada, smoke my cigars, actually be a company who cares about their own people.
I have no problem with a woman's VP.
I just fear other countries may see this as a sign of weakness with other, oh, this makes no sense.
And it's saying, goots.
Not to be confused with stewgots.
Right.
Goots.
Which I think is some dirty word in the Italian.
Isn't it?
Yep.
It is?
I don't know.
It's a, here's a poll suggestion when taking a doose beside reading, what are you most likely to be doing at the same time?
Listen to the radio watch TV, eat or drink, floss my teeth, brush my teeth, texting, surfing the internet, crossword puzzle,
uh, stercocou, what is that?
It's a word game like crossword.
Put on or take off makeup, talk on the phone, talk to someone in the room or the outside of the door or fall asleep.
All of these things?
All of these things.
That's not bad.
I'll stick it in my pool pile.
Because now that I'm forced to do one of these damn stupid things, every damn day, my god.
So, it's scandalous.
So Jimmy Sipilus is a turncoat, he's on IOD and Paul and Ronnie sucking him out over there with a tube channel.
Isn't that something?
Isn't that something, Jimmy?
The voice of the fish?
It's only one sound that needs to be played to investigate that.
Yeah.
Maybe Allison can tell you something about that, what that's all about?
Or I would say clearance, but of course I'm sure clearance is in hiding some more glass.
Ask who?
Allison.
Go ask somebody about what the stories with Jimmy Sipilus.
I guess he doesn't work for the station.
He just, he's just a dolphins announcer and of course they get to select them because who the hell else would have picked him?
It's really sad.
Although you know something?
It fits in perfect like a glove.
It fits him just perfectly.
Crapi team, horse ball announcer, like Dave Ann Boring in the Marlins and that the Kid Rich Waltz on the TV.
Seriously, he sounds like a 10 year old kid.
He's horrible, just awful.
And these people get away with it because they work in the market where basically nobody's got the balls to say anything.
I mean Joe Angel was like God compared to a Dave Ann Boring.
Oh, the Marlins win the World Series.
Oh, I wonder if Dave Ann Boring and Joe Bell are the same person.
Here's an email that says, hi, Uncle Neil.
I don't have a TV mouth.
It's just a combo CD cassette player in radio, so I have to listen to the political news half hour of the day show every morning.
Anyway, I heard his interview with Matt Lauer and it was Shades of the Nixon Kennedy debate as bad as he must have been on the TV screen, meaning McCain.
He sounded even worse.
I mean, dottering.
Old man, old, dottering, something fool man worse.
His reprise regularly punctuated with a series of guttable sounds and groans, proving you can't think on his feet.
And also proving that he's 150 years old and that if he should give in, that bitch is going to be a small heartbeat away from being the president of the country.
Oh my God, what a thought.
You know, not too many people are thinking about that.
Certainly not the people that store supporting that bitch.
Oh my goodness.
I'm so glad the police is wearing off pale in him and his new crisis is showing McCain and the staff to be the jerk they truly are.
It's nice to finally see Obama and Biden finally even the press going off on the offensive against McCain and showing the world this terrible choice he would be for president.
And by the way, have you seen McCain's spokeswoman Nancy Foughton how her and her fake steppered wife smile just changed her picture to black and white and she could be working for Joseph Gurbels.
Or maybe that's George Goble.
Andrew.
Okay, you're right Andrew.
Honest question says McCain does win.
You think we'd be firmly on the road with second civil war your opinion, please.
Here's my opinion.
Here's one from somebody.
Jay.
Isn't it about time with everything going down the toilet and no hope in sight to begin playing the timeless dialogue by Chicago on a daily basis?
Thanks and then it says.
Do do do do do do do do with the right number of doys by the way.
I really get irritated when people send me an email they only put like a couple of doys.
Right.
I mean the free.
Do do do do do do do do that's right nice going there.
Do do do do do do do do.
Jay five doys.
Five doys and five goys.
No, I don't think I'm going to be playing dialogue by Chicago every day.
Yeah, I've tried playing it once in a while.
Of course that was back in the late 60s when we had people screaming and yelling.
We had activists and young people were out riding in the streets and taking over university.
And just trying to college is down.
We had activists now we've got pacifists everybody's lined up trying to get some gas.
Keep them busy baby.
Keep them busy.
Keep them starving.
Keep them panicky.
Keep them scared.
That's the amount of the neo cons.
One of the great con jobs of all time.
The fact that it's even close that's what ought to be really scary.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
That's the number one business horseman in the five 50s.
Oh my god.
And the sports leader.
Sports leader radio is what the two four you am.
That's what the people who put something best fight.
You can fight now on top of the United.
You can pull down your fly.
These four homes have no light.
Lots of big zeroes all over the place.
Just like the station that carries the dangers of the people.
The adults in our course for total.
Here on five six home.
How many days will the athletes sing?
You just need to be more tired tonight.
For the aim of the better to do.
You are for to do nothing tonight.
Why should we care about the dreams at all?
We gotta die in the fall of the fall.
Here's our whole now.
Players speak out on musketeep.
All the dreams are about to go.
You need to put your love on this tonight.
We need you.
We're one year.
We're two year.
Seven thirty two a QAM.
So what's your story?
How come Jimmy Stifelis is a moon lighting?
Oh I didn't ask.
So I asked that.
Allison is not sure exactly what the technical of it is.
She said she's heard that he works like three days a week on that morning show.
But she's not sure whose employees considered.
He works three days a week in a morning show on IOD.
She said that's what she's heard.
She doesn't know if it's true or not.
But she said he's doing the dolphin games on QAM?
Correct.
What kind of a bunch of communist crap is that?
I don't know.
God.
Whatever happened to loyalty?
What?
Next you know that jerked jerk street will be winding up on some show across the street.
Jerk jerked street.
Hopefully.
Maybe he'll be on with jerks.
And that would be Reed Quinnellan, Jerk and Jerk.
That would be, by the way just to keep you up to date.
Yes.
I'm having an email exchange with both Eric and Steve, the guy that shot the video.
And one way or another we're going to get it uploaded probably onto YouTube and then have the link.
Then we can put it on our Myspace pages.
And the greatest things in the sliced bread.
But for people who have been listening since the IOD days, it's kind of interesting.
And for those people who remember Stan Major and Tom Dennerberg.
And Fat Rich and Little Tommy Jerk.
He is still old, biggest.
Oh, that's the same whole word thing.
Yeah.
Remember that?
Remember when we played that?
Uh-huh.
Ask why?
Yeah.
Stinkholds and under.
Dennerberg did it.
Y'all know?
I don't know.
You know?
You know?
He knows.
He knows.
He is still old.
He's biggest.
He's old.
He's not old.
He's got Tom.
He's got Tom.
He's got Tom.
He was big as a soul.
Thank you.
He was very proud of that.
You know?
Well, see?
He would beam when he heard that.
Little Tommy Dennerberg.
Yeah.
At least he sold my show anyway.
I'll see what I identify himself as that.
When he would go on sales causes somebody recognized him from the show.
He would say, yes, I'm Tom Dennerberg, the world's biggest glory.
A whole.
Stinkhold.
Ask.
Kiss.
With the little explanation, with no explanation, President Bush yesterday scrapped a
state-mini plan to give on the tumultuous financial markets, abandoning any press coverage
of his meeting with here, economic advisors, as more developments royal Wall Street.
They're buying out AIG for $85 billion.
They're bailing them out.
If you go belly up, are they going to ban your ass out?
No.
If you're going to bail their ass out.
Let me go over.
I know it's not a pretty picture, but let me go over to CNBC, the gambling channel.
Dominated today.
Well, the government's a central bailout of AIG going to give it an $85 billion for its low and
an extent for 80% of it.
No, the S&P is down.
Really?
The Dow is down.
There are 325 points and the S&P is down 41.
And the Nasdaq is down almost 78 points.
Woo!
Man, I go to the top of the tall building and jump right now just like back during the
depression.
People were going to tall buildings and doing the ol' Leapie Lee.
As announced by the White House, Bush was scheduled to make comments to a poll reporters
after harming with the key financial working group led by Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson.
The other decision began the White House told the press, never mind.
We decided it would be best to limit public comments about the markets today.
In other words, he ain't got no idea.
He ain't got a clue.
Him and McCain.
I mean, I think I'd dig up that thing where McCain said, well, I really don't understand the economy.
He actually said that.
He said it a few times.
Just like he said, the fundamentals are strong.
And I don't know what it is you see in Rachel Manau beside the fact she won.
Oh, yeah.
She said, dyke.
There you go.
What?
I said, she's weak.
She's not.
I said I saw her.
That's what I said.
I want the audience to know.
I just said I mentioned that I saw the bitch.
Yeah.
That's it.
That's all I said.
Oh, let's see.
Let me see if this is worth reading.
Okay.
It's from Kathy.
And it's like a funny story.
A man escapes from prison, you know, you know, it's all printed out and see if it's funny.
Oh, and did I ever get to the thing about John McCain inventing the black baron every
minute?
No, yeah, did I.
I talked to you about it.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, one of his aid says, oh, that's the invention you got right there.
He helped invent the black baron.
He can't even do email.
Admittedly, he admits he brags about the fact he can't even do email.
He's technically illiterate.
Some people we know a lot.
That was funny.
My God.
And he invented the crack barry.
Last time I checked the clack barry was invented by a RIM research in motion, which is Canadian,
a am I correct?
They mentioned that.
Who mentioned what?
Your girlfriend Rachel Maddow mentioned that.
Oh, please.
She is so weak.
Kathy says a man escapes from prison where he's been for 15 years.
He breaks into a house to look for money and guns, finds the young couple in bed.
Your breakfast guy out of the bed and ties him to a chair.
While tying the girl to bed, he gets on top of her, kisses her neck and then gets up and goes into the bathroom.
While he's in there, the husband tells his wife, listen, this guy's an escaped convict.
Look at his clothes.
He probably spent a lot of time in jail, hasn't seen a woman in years.
I saw how he kissed your neck.
If he doesn't want, if he wants sex, don't resist.
Don't complain.
Do whatever he tells you.
This guy is probably very dangerous.
If he gets angry, he'll kill us.
Be strong, honey, I love you.
To which the wife responds, he wasn't kissing my neck.
He was whispering in my ear.
He told me he was gay, thought you were cute and asked if we had any Vaseline.
I told him it was in the bathroom.
Be strong, honey, I love you too.
Thanks, Kathy, that's great.
That is sensational.
Be strong, I love you too.
What a great line.
That's the best.
Move over, Al Gore.
You may lay claim to the Internet, but John McCain helped create the Blackbird.
At least that's the contention of a top-of-the-kind policy adviser, Douglas Holtz Eacon.
Waving his Blackbird personal digital assistant and citing McCain's work as a senator, he told reporters yesterday,
you're looking at the miracle that John McCain helped create.
A McCain, he'd later dismissed the remark as a bone-headed joke by a staffer.
McCain's technology doesn't know how to use a computer, cancend, and email.
One of the Blackbird's prime functions.
Holtz Eacon's argument is similar to one advanced by Gore, the Democratic presidential nominee in 2000,
who were once boasted about taking the initiative to create the Internet
through technological and educational policies.
He later was mocked for claiming to have invented the Internet, although he never made such a claim.
Holtz Eacon, former director of the Congressional Budget Office, said McCain's service and honor and leadership of the Senate Commerce Committee,
put him at the intersection of a number of economic interests, including the telecommunications industry.
Let me say it again.
It wasn't even invented in the U.S. it was invented in Canada by research and motion, the Blackbird.
The Arizona Senate is handling a vorigulation, deregulation of that industry,
in particular left him with the skills to help revive the economy, move into mortgage crisis,
and energy crisis in the Wall Street meltdown the adviser said.
He can and has the judgment to put people in place with technical expertise with the history of experience,
and there is a necessity that we're going to get reforms, Holtz Eacon said.
Senator McCain, a Matt MacDonald, said the Senator laughed when he heard the comment about the Blackbird.
He wouldn't claim to be the inventor of anything much less the Blackbird.
This obviously was a boneheaded joke by a staffer, MacDonald said.
In a statement, Democratic candidate Barack Obama's campaign spokesman Bill Burton said,
if John McCain hadn't said that the fundamentals of our economy are strong,
on the day of one of our nation's worst financial crises,
the claim that he invented the Blackbird would have been the most preposterous thing said all week long.
His name is the best talent.
This is the largest sport in the 5.60 km.
And the fourth leader.
Holtz and Vice President of the candidate, Seraphay,
went talk about her safety, saw a favorite speaking tone.
The Republican one,
McCain's the last year of the Queen.
The Republican one,
the Republican one,
the Republican one,
the Republican one,
the Republican one,
the Republican one,
the Republican one,
the Republican one,
the Republican one,
the Republican one,
the Republican one,
the Republican one,
the Republican one,
the Republican one,
the Republican one,
the Republican one.
Seraphaylib, the serenader,
complete with gunholster and designer specs.
7.45 5.60 WQAM,
happy Wednesday to you,
happy Chabugus!
I think I bit my tone.
You'd think the Lord
Well, the Lord is punishing me.
Yes, sure.
By my time hard enough, you'll have to do the show.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe when I was eating that bacon.
Maybe.
Richard says Tuesday, Palin and McCain gave a speech in Ohio was on TV.
Palin gave her speech first in front of a full audience.
When she finished, a lot of people started to leave before McCain was ready to speak.
How smart are these people and who's running for present here?
I'm ashamed to be a Republican.
Maybe we can have Bokka change that song.
It says, Chick-A-Nak.
Thanks, I really like your show since you went to email.
He also says, Richard, thanks, Dick.
He's ashamed to be a Republican.
And rightfully so.
Well, I mean, that's why they brought her in there to give a little possessive old thing.
The campaign was like, dead as a door nail, dying on the vine.
And then they brought in the hockey mom, and spice it up a little bit.
And everybody got all whipped up about her.
Who's that dodging old man standing off of the side?
Oh, he's the guy that interviewed.
Oh, there's a cute thing here.
From Kenneth.
What they meant by inventing the Blackbird is not the electronic device,
but rather the actual fruit, meaning John McCain is his oldest god.
Cute.
Invented the fruit.
Ralph at once, to know who's got better hair or Kenneth must macho.
George or Rachel Maddow.
Okay.
I don't like her at all.
Not even a little tiny bit.
Okay.
She's, I mean, I didn't say I did.
I said I don't say I didn't say that you said.
I didn't say anything about what you said.
You just keep denying and denying and spending, yeah.
Fending against things I haven't even said yet.
Yeah.
George loves her by the way.
You think that was great.
I want to have her baby.
Oh, I'm not, how do you do that?
Maybe through a chew.
Yeah.
Here's Captain Singh with a pool.
Your favorite adult entertainment magazine,
Hustler Panhouse Playboy Club, High Society,
Celebrity Skin, George's Favorite,
Transformation, She-Mails,
Hustler Burley Legal, Playgirl,
Gent and Jugs.
Captain Singh also says,
one more thing you go to a lot of the leafskins.
Captain Singh, I don't go to any of the leafskins.
How do you like that?
Thanks for turning it down to hockey.
Went to five Panthers game last year.
Saw Sydney Crosby play for the first time.
What a hell of a player take care.
What a hell of a player too bad he don't play for the Panthers.
Or the Leafs.
He plays for the penguins, unfortunately.
I don't quite.
I sit and watch in the comfort.
In fact, the whole idea of going to sporting events
is to me just grow test.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
I'm not talking about your hate for spectator sports.
I'm just talking about when you can sit at home and you comfort
and relax and watch it on your big screen TV and HD.
Why the hell do people go to ball games?
They certainly learn better than to go to the Marlins games.
I know what I said.
Then you can call for a small bird.
What else do they do?
Teed a little brown jug as tomorrow.
Jug.com.
TV, a little brown jug.
Never seen a little brown jugs?
Just this morning.
Now what were you going to say?
You go to the games so that you can call someone on your cell phone
that is also at the game and then wave to them.
Mm-hmm.
Where is this... oh, the Delaware Fair.
There's David Miller and there's Cheryl Haynes.
And the Miller guy from Ohio, what else is his name?
Red.
And Kevin Aitor?
No comments, please.
That's his name, ATER.
When you change your name if your name was Aitor?
No.
What age?
Levels on the pole.
Which of these disturbs you the most about South Florida?
People who can't or won't speak English.
English.
See, I can't speak it.
59.
No speak English.
That's what my...
Maybe it's a Chinese convenience store and my hood says.
No speak English, no speak... and she doesn't.
She and her husband run the convenience store but the no speak English.
Which is a good way to do it when you're in a country where everybody speaks English.
Except the frogs.
The HATE 40.
That was the late edition.
Late with the HATE but 40 votes already.
The driver is 27.
I don't live there 20.
10% of the people on our pole don't even live in South Florida.
Congratulations to them by the way.
Crime 20.
Crapi School 17.
Old people 7.
Old.
Crabi Old people.
Nasty rotten old people.
Hateful old people that open up each other's mail.
A bunch of Yentas.
Already the Ajuancee Brings is a feel much better now than the guy with 7 houses and a multi-billionaire wife.
And assured us that the fundamentals of our economy is strong.
Get off of that racing channel now.
Oh 8 minutes till the fourth race.
At Delaware.
At Delaware Fair where they have the little brown jug tomorrow.
Are you going to be watching that?
Yes.
I'm Ryan.
Okay let's go to the CNBC.
Morning call with Ted David at CIS and he hasn't been on a channel for a year or two years.
Remember when Ted David used to call a show?
Yeah, the Dow is making a little bit of a comeback.
It's not only 288 points.
The S&P is down 37 and a half.
And the NASDAQ is down 75.
70 something.
Euro 141.42.
NASDAQ is down 69 and a half.
Sorry.
It's not looking good.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
Thanks Arty.
You're getting real chronic but that's okay like I said I don't mind it in the facts machine.
You know thinking back to the days with the calls which it's only like a week ago today that I stopped.
Prominently.
Oh you're wrong Neil.
You'll take him again.
No.
No I will not.
Never again.
I'd rather poke my eyes out with a needle than then this is start taking phone calls again.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
What is gone here the last two and a half getting close to three years under this current
regime is so grotesque, so unspeakable, so unimaginable, so gruesome.
Am I right?
Yes.
Yeah.
It's raining out about it.
I'm not.
I'm not going to argue with anything.
I know that.
Other than you like Rachel Manau.
I love her.
Alvaro.
Alvaro from Miami.
Is that how you say it?
Alvaro?
Sure.
When I...
Dear God I find it very disturbing that all these multibody dollar corporations are going belly
up.
I guess this is the result of deregulation, yes, as well as the lack of law enforcement by
the powers that be.
What's worse is that those people CEOs who played with the investor's money, the middle
class who invest, are going to escape prosecution and already are planning their vacations with
the money that they'll reap and likely steal from these people.
I have an IRA.
It kills me to see that it's gone down about 30% or so since this administration took
over.
Where is the justice for a little guy who scrounges up a few bucks so we might retire when
we're old and feeble?
Forget about it.
It's like they want us to keep working in star while the fat cat managers and CEOs
live it up on our own expense.
Now you're catching on.
That's the right wing FN way, baby.
Alvaro, Alvaro.
In closing I saw in the news that Lehman Brothers also went belly up on a surprise and
that it's going to cost the state of Florida $70 million or so in income.
At least that's what the Nazis at Channel 7 said.
I think the Marlins will still get that statement out of the state of Florida short 70 million
you bet.
They'll find it if they have this steal it.
Or is it a city issue?
Either way leaves us with a huge bill for those ten or so people who still love the
Marlins like Joe Rose who won't stop pumping the Marlins.
They're going to make the playoffs, the playoffs.
And what is this with his electric bill?
Have you noticed that?
No.
No.
With his electric bill.
Have you heard that spot where he says and then forget about the electric bill?
Electric bill.
Yeah.
P.S. I just got my voter registration card.
I'll be voting for Obama.
I just hope I can get to the polls assuming all my information matches.
I'm the government database as well as my blockbuster membership because if one doesn't
match the other I'm S.O.L.
Well, good luck to you, Elvara.
Just sneak in there.
Sneak in there and vote a few times.
What are we going to do about this damn stock market?
I don't know.
Go broke.
I'm sure glad I'm out.
It was bad when I was in but boy, it's sure even worse to be out.
What is this about WQAM?
Who has the biggest butt?
The girl's not the guy.
They don't have any girls.
We only got a couple.
And why is he sending me his picture?
This is me, Neil.
The guy.
The geek.
Ugly guy.
Andre West Park.
Sorry, Andre, but you're ugly.
Did he write your name on his self-penis?
Yes.
I don't know.
He just has a picture of himself.
He doesn't have a bad eye.
I don't want to see a picture of his penis.
That was who was that?
I forgot.
Ed.
Ed.
And in a note, since I mentioned that chronic Ed hasn't sent me one email today, and
that good thing we got it.
Thank God.
Goodbye, Ed.
Yeah, I turned him down.
He was sending me like 20 and 50 and 150,000 all these one line just to reach out and
touch.
I don't want to be touched by you, Ed.
And I'm sure nobody else does either.
And that guy who just sent me his picture.
Why would somebody send me their picture?
For your approval?
I just approve.
Hardly.
I totally just approve.
Sorry, you're ugly.
Andre.
I mean, I'm ugly, but I'm not sending my picture around everybody.
Here's one from somebody with no name.
And listening to your show while looking at Miami, working in the center part of the
state with static, but still listening, now overseas, your show has been entertaining
and informative every day of listening.
Well, of course.
I might not email you often like my call to your show only once in 24 years.
Why did you know that?
Why did you know you appreciate it?
Well, thank you so much.
By the way, please tell George to dump the wife and stop giving that lope as women
in a year time.
She is horrible.
Horrible.
Like that nip inside this terrible.
Oh, I got that idea.
She is horrible.
What?
I got that idea here somewhere, I think.
Do you?
I got that one.
Terrible.
Terrible.
I mean, it's terrible.
I could play the whole thing.
It's not that long, yeah.
If these guys nicked the suds and whatever they had to get it and the people like call
in, they're just like them like that they were on the year.
What caused the weed in their high and their...
I mean, it's terrible.
The years that I've been looking at listening to 610 and MS here.
This is the best talent you've ever had in your life.
Forty-two AM.
And the fourth leader.
It's Dick Cheney.
I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the new Rogers
welter one hour movie.
I am a Republican.
Accountable for nothing.
Impervious to any wrongdoing.
I am goofy.
Democrats discuss me.
Liberals are filthy bourbon who are bred like rats.
I am Republican.
I am against hate.
Why hate hate?
Unless of course it's my own.
I am Republican.
And I am not a racist.
Either are my friends at the country club.
I am a Republican.
Sex is for humans.
I am a Republican.
I am against civil rights and abortion.
I have a license plate to prove it.
I am a Republican.
A bad economy is a good thing.
I am a Republican.
I support an unprovoked war against Iraq.
Not only because I'm ordered to do so, but I believe exploiting the deaths of 3,000 Americans
is good for business.
I am a Republican.
I am proud to have ex-cons running my government.
I know they will never come for me.
For I have nothing to hide.
I am a Republican.
I enjoy listening to Rush Limbaugh with my dog's balls in my mouth.
I am a Republican.
I wish Hitler were still alive so I could eat the corn out of his do-do.
I am a Republican.
And you will know me.
That will be me in the leatherhead cover being led around the fetish club naked by a leash.
Oh God, I love Nazareth.
It's like there will be a pile of discarded apples in the ladies room.
Letharads.
Yes.
Well, the artworks on my belly only tore lipstick.
You can buy a city of yet-
Oh God, I was happy.
The Vaseline's in the bathroom.
I love you too, honey.
I still can't get over that.
That was cute.
Bravo, two at 560 W.
There's your president sitting there looking like Dumbo, the clown commenting on the US Embassy attack.
And Yamam.
Would that do a very difficult job when he did it with detention?
An honor.
Yamam.
I mean, it was a part of the planning for the surge.
Here we go with the surge again.
Surge this.
Surge Sivard.
Justin says, have been loyal listener for about 10 years now.
I love the new format to call Suck.
Absolutely correct, Justin.
Absolutely correct.
The Suck Big Blue.
Not as much as Joyce.
This format also allows people to work for living in contact.
You that's right, people who have a life.
I'm very stubborn.
It's taking me three election cycles to learn this.
There is no reasoning with Republicans who will vote for whoever is on the ticket no matter what.
There are no amount of factual information.
No, there is no amount.
Your grammar is bagged, Justin.
There will change these people's minds.
I presented my conservative friends with factual information.
The Brunke McCain's claims that Obama will raise taxes from people making 40 grand.
That Obama is a Muslim.
Obama doesn't support the troops, the Audi, Audi, Audi.
It's the same as trying to argue religion with these people.
They can't be confused with the facts.
It's like my old boss once told me you can't have a rational argument with the police.
The people who think you rationally, having just finished reading the book, how to win friends and influence people,
I'm trying to listen to his advice that the best way to an argument is to avoid it.
The advice is easier said than done.
It says Justin.
PSR just read a great article I was publishing Rolling Stone a couple months ago.
I didn't want to send you the link because I know that bothers you.
It doesn't bother me.
It's just that I don't always have time to deal with it.
The article is entitled, Jesus made me puke.
It was about a Rolling Stone reporter who went undercover among those evangelical retreat weekends.
The writer of the article Matt Tayibi is very interesting and fun to read.
If this sounds like something you would interest you, I'd be happy to send a link along.
Send a long Justin.
Thank you.
Which is Grazie's?
Wow.
That was tanking, man.
Down with almost 400 points.
I think.
Let me get off of this bushcraft that got on there and get back to the Ugambling Channel.
Power lunch.
A lot of people are up-charking.
351.
It's down.
Got to go down and I'm up.
Isn't that what the Zack said?
All the time.
Got to go down and I don't know.
Just this morning.
Stocks are near session lows.
It's mighty low, baby.
People are getting all panicky.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
Women voters see Palin for what she is and is not rights Kate McQueen.
The McCain Palin ticket is a milestone for the Republican Party but not for women.
Governor Sarah Palin's political views are the antithesis of the accomplishments of women
whose work is enabled her to be the nominee.
Either John McCain or Palin can claim maverick status, but they do so with a straight face.
McCain is voted with this party's president more than 90% legislation introduced.
Palin is under state investigation in the ethics scandal and has spent millions of state dollars
on aerial hunting of bears and wolves instead of fixing Alaska's failing school system.
Alaska has got the lowest high school graduation rate in the nation.
Palin's one and a half years as governor and small-time air experience have been cited to demonstrate
that she's ready to be vice president or president.
As mayor of Los Angeles she served a population of 9,000 less than Cambridge's 11,000
as governor she serves as state population of 689,000 less than that of Baltimore County at 787,000.
She knows nothing of economic policy, social security, unemployment or working with Congress,
she has no national or international experience.
Women know the difference between form and substance.
Palin doesn't believe in evolution, climate change, stem cell research and indivisive violence and war,
freedom of speech, environmental protection, universal health care, separation of church and state or reproductive freedom.
She believes in assault weapons, the war in Iraq, tax cuts for the wealthy, absence only and removing polar bears from the endangered species list.
Palin is not one of us and does not represent most women on the eastern shore.
Or the western shore.
Or I love reading some of these comments, not.
Here's one, it says you know Palin is good with all these liberal feminists get their thong in a wad.
Oh yeah.
I don't think she's the Messiah but I do know she has shook him as a people.
Wrote just loving it.
Go Sarah, I think the only one who's really pissed off would be Hillary.
At least he paved the way for the next woman president.
Thank you Hillary.
As for Sarah's mothering skills, the world needs more like her.
That's right.
More sons like Tank or Track or whatever the hell's name Track?
That's it.
Thanks a lot.
Everybody's been screaming for change and you got it.
I love what I see so far but it'll be interested in the debates.
It's my hope she'll chew Biden up and spit him out.
It'll be along six ways.
Yeah. She's got the mothering skills.
She's got that little baby.
Yeah, she's a mother alright.
And her daughter or 17 year old daughter is a printling out of wedlock and her son is a drugie and a derelict and a slime ball.
But nevertheless, Anchorage AM radio host Eddie Burke has been suspended after broadcasting the phone numbers of women involved in organizing a protest rally against their appailline over the weekend.
His station manager said yesterday they.
In a statement KBYR AM 700 station manager Justin McDonald said broadcasting the numbers last week was breaking station policy.
Burke will be suspended for one week without pay he said.
Though I don't agree with some of the comments he made as a licensee, we attempt to respect everyone's first amendment rights including Eddie Burke's.
Our listeners and our non-listers McDonald's statement said.
That doesn't mean I can don't and incite any violence or harm an any way to people wanting to voice their opinions without with peaceful protest.
Last week Burke host of a conservative daily talk show called rally organizers charles stern and Ilona Bessignet.
Socialist baby killing maggots read their phone numbers on the era and encourage listeners to call them.
The woman said their voicemail quickly filled with angry profane messages some of them threatening.
Burke later apologized for calling them maggots and said he didn't realize it was giving out personal cell phone numbers.
Just like Jolly Joe Bell didn't realize he was giving out my personal email address that time of some stranger.
He's a stranger.
Remember that?
Oh yeah.
The Alaska women reject pale and rally due as many as 1500 people along the Lucec library on Saturday organizers said that number included Eddie Burke and a group of pro pale and demonstrators who numbered an estimated 100.
McDonald hosted Burke show today and made it clear that Burke had already apologized for putting out the cell phone numbers.
The suspension was a disciplinary measure but McDonald still supports Burke's right to say what he wants on the year.
On the show, McDonald encouraged listeners to welcome Burke back with warm hearts and lots of love and the email him and tell him you love him.
Most listeners who called in were behind Burke had disparaging things to say about the anti-pale and protesters and the media.
Have you liked that?
Do you have a cell phone number? They're maggots.
But a beep. But a beep. That about.
Freedom of speech only for the right wing, only for the neocons. Everybody else dummy up.
And what kind of books you read in the library?
249 votes on what you can't stand about South Florida. Old people's in last place.
Maybe that's because all of our listeners are old people like me.
That could be.
Although I don't feel like one of them, you know what I mean?
No, I know.
Lisa says, good morning. I hope I'm the first email of the day.
Maybe you were, I don't know, these are out of order.
758 am September 17. That was this morning.
I'm so finally glad you find the guy in an email.
But most importantly, you finally got rid of the retards and need to get a life.
You're so much better without those stupid people holding you in George hostage.
I'm glad you're back from your summer hours. No offense to George. You did a great job.
I also want to know that I love your show.
Anyway, you were bitching this morning. You weren't happy with emails.
You've been receiving some extremely pissed off and fired up.
I thought I'd share my feelings with you.
I'm terrified that McKinney's got a win-out that he's got a palin that no one is paying attention to the fact
that she's a pro-gun anti-abortion but her daughter has a choice.
Thanks to Pledge of Allegiance was written by the founding fathers and preaches in her church about going to a rack makes me sick.
God's will in a rack.
Doesn't anyone care about truth?
I feel for Obama when I read his second book when I heard his acceptance speech.
I was so hopeful if he accomplishes even a quarter of his agenda will be one lucky nation.
If he doesn't get an office, I don't know what's going to happen here and it scares me, says Lisa.
Scares the crap out of me.
We need to take God out of government and get common sense people running the show.
Can this happen? Obama's not just taking the high road like he did but just doesn't seem like enough.
We need to landslide any ideas? Can't someone plan to dead hooker and McCain's bed?
Like the senator and Godfather. Remember the senator?
Right.
He had the chicken bed? Dead?
No, he did this all the time.
A media person who's mouth is huge to just proclaim the truth will do the job but it just doesn't seem to be happening fast enough for me.
Other than Keith Obramon and of course Rachel Maddow. She's so bad.
Come back to town so we can see you again. No.
It was great to see you, George and even Rick Shaw, girls doing a few months ago.
Even Rick Shaw. Thanks, Lisa.
Poor Ricky Tiki. Like he's chopped liver? Like an afterthought.
That was nice for him to come by. He's a good guy.
Rick, yes it was.
And he is.
So what did you decide about that fantastic DVD?
That video?
Yeah.
We're going to put it on YouTube one way or another. Steve, the guy that has it, if he already has it on a hard drive then he can already upload it.
On YouTube.
Yeah.
Without me having to rip it but if he doesn't want to then I'll do it this evening sometime.
Perhaps when I get home and we'll put it on YouTube and then link it up.
Link it up. You can post it as a comment.
Great. Let's look it up.
Let's look it up.
Etc.
Gotta go up and you gotta get a link up and out down.
Dow is down 354 points.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I don't want to say you're depressed. I don't want you to take all your money out of the bank and get all psychotic.
Yeah, there are actually people calling some of these talking heads.
Oh, should I take my money out of the bank and put it on the mattress?
Isn't that saying?
Yeah it is.
A chicken near the pot.
And two cars near the garage.
Just remember, canned goods and ammunition.
Remember this golden gasser.
Wonderful WQAM.
Everybody's going back to see me.
All right. You go girl.
1218-560WQAM.
A whole bunch of emails just come up here. How do you like that?
Nio.NearRogers.com.
Bring it on. No more calls.
Maybe Chris notices the way that El Michael says the bull.
The bull. Like there's a WNNB-A-W-L.
The bull.
I don't know how much you think I'm going to do that I guess.
What is wrong with you?
What?
Maybe that's why you're not going to be here Friday.
You better start paying more attention to important things like El Michael's.
Okay.
What's that under Alan, Alan Moe?
What now?
Al Michaels and Moe. Don't you know that bit?
Nope.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That one.
Yeah. That one.
Final tells us as soon as the delay catches up.
Yeah.
No.
Let's go here.
Here it is.
MHD-Al Michaels.
MHD.
MHD-Goover.
And I hope there's somewhere in the hell in the building.
I don't got it.
You order.
No got it.
You doing MHD-?
Yeah.
No place.
Rigg was the hell.
Reagan.
Moe was the hell.
I don't got it.
Well you got it.
Let me play it now.
No.
Okay.
Here's one from Rusty on the road in Stutton, New England.
Rachel met our rules, he said.
She's bad.
And she's weak.
She's weak.
Smart cute, educated progressive, articulate, fearless, and uses common sense logic and withering
sarcasm to skewer Republicans for a living.
She is the anti-pailant.
Oh my God.
Oh.
And yes, she's gay and proud too.
Well, big deal.
Congratulations.
Obviously, Neil, you're free to not to like or remind the woman, but why they need to tell us how terrible she is over in over again.
You do it with Bill Mar.
You did it for a long time with Keith Oblemen.
Now you're doing it with her.
Now I never said Keith Oblemen was terrible.
I always said he had a great show.
I said I was pissed off about the rumors that he was involved in the getting I'm as fired.
I've always said that he has had a hell of a show.
He's got the only good news show on TV.
And Bill Mar.
Am I going to change my opinion about Bill Mar?
Of course not.
He's a little twerp.
Stop.
We don't care that you don't like her.
Well guess what.
One thing I don't...
I said this the other day I'll say it again.
I don't take construction on what to say on the year.
They pay me to give my opinions.
Not year is rusty.
I'm glad you like her.
Okay, somebody's got to.
Support or at least lay off the tiny handful of liberals who've actually made it out on the national media.
I'm working to educate the public and stop the insanity.
That's right.
Lay off.
And tell George it's perfectly okay to love Ms. Maddow for her fine mind and her politics if nothing else.
But that he can't have her baby because I sent her for the job long time.
Oh, rusty.
You never say that's a hot spiritual.
I see.
I just said I saw her.
Why?
That's all I said.
You said you wanted to have your baby.
Oh, that was earlier.
Yeah.
Well, rusty's in there first.
All right.
Well, I said this thing.
I know.
I said that.
Nobody's in there.
No guys are getting in there.
Anyway, Tim and Miami says here's another spy report on Jimmy Cifalus.
I was waking up when Jimmy was doing a crossover talk before starting to show this morning.
Jimmy will also be on WIOD 6 to 9 am Thursday and Friday.
While when I was listening, he made no claims about working in addition to filling in the three days this week.
Oh, he's filling in.
Lots of rumors about Jimmy Cifalus over there.
Now, who's doing that morning show now?
No idea.
Is it Manny Munoz?
I don't know.
George, I don't know.
Manny from Kendall.
Yeah, I know who you're talking about, but I don't know who does the morning show over there.
Pete's in Lake Worth.
My favorite though is now.
Randy, you can do it all.
Congratulations.
Get out of here, Meg.
Get out of here, Meg.
That was Randy at her best.
When she was ripping Bob Green and asked when she was ripping Meg.
That was her best.
Anyway, it says when I was listening, he made no claims about working in addition to filling in the three days this week.
Jimmy spoke about other things associated with this filling in, but I was still waking up and can't reliably quote him.
Well, let's get some reliable quotes on Jimmy Cifalus.
Thanks again for taking messages by email Tim and Manny.
Thank you, Tim.
Well, we'll get AS by report on Jimmy Cifalus doing mornings across the street.
Where are they now?
Where's IOD?
I don't know.
Why not?
Haven't been there in a while.
Keep channel is in a building down the street where we were for a while.
Maybe.
Paxton?
I don't know.
If I was you, I'd get in the car right now and I'd hop right on and take my way.
Take that wireless mic and hop right on down there and take a poop and see what's going on.
Ralph, this is cute.
Chinese laundry story.
Not as good as the other one.
About the Vaseline, like the one at the clock hour sometime.
It's already deleted.
I'll go back and find it again.
Ralph says the Chinese laundry story.
A woman was unhappy with the way her laundry was done at the local Chinese laundry.
So she put a note.
She wrote a note and put it in the bag with an x collection of soil clothing.
Use more soap on panties.
She got the clean laundry back when still to satisfy with the results.
So the following week she enclosed another note.
Use more soap on panties.
The Chinese laundry man became very annoyed and when her clean laundry was delivered a contained a note from him.
I used putty soap on panties.
Use more paper on ass.
You don't like that one?
Not a lot like the other one though.
You don't think that's cute?
That's cute.
I'll save it for later.
Here's one from LD who says, here's what's ironic.
If Al Gore had become president in 2001 like he was supposed to and gotten re-elected, which he would have,
Jewelieberman would likely have been Democratic nominee right now.
Oh God.
And if McCain were still the opponent,
Turncoat, son of a bitch Lieberman, be ripping McCain a new ass right now.
PS, every time McCain says my friends, if you can, I'm off a little bit.
He's not my friend.
He's a tired, bitter, senile old man.
Amen.
So according to their website,
what website?
610.
Yeah.
5am to 9am is called South Florida's first news.
Yeah, I know that.
Yeah, it doesn't say who does it.
So that's just the footage I washlinbaw and all that other junk.
Our guarantee as soon as we're later, we'll get a definitive email about the Jimmy Cifalist situation.
Do you think?
Eventually, if you wait long enough.
Well, let me take a look on here.
Let me look at my, oh, there's a couple on there.
Jesus made me puke.
Can't use the email.
Poor idea.
I don't think there's anything in here about Jimmy Cifalist.
Oh, here's a link to a YouTube video.
I don't want it.
I don't want it.
Oh, there's McCain in 82.
Look at that.
Wow.
With a white hair and a whole deal.
I still don't want it.
Jesus made me puke.
Let's see.
Is W run by the Saudis if not then who's in charge over there?
Oh, that's Ed.
Oh, Ed came back.
Ed with the Appenus.
Oh, here's one.
Pull idea.
What'll happen with the OJ trail?
Don't care.
Don't know and don't care.
Fry his ass.
Somebody said yesterday, somebody said we need to know which I did not read on here.
It said, are you watching the OJ trial?
It's on the court TV right now.
No, I was not then and I'm not now.
Hmm.
Let me talk about neurotic repetition.
Some of these people just want to keep me living the same crappy.
You know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
Same old, same old, my God.
6.94 or 8.94 out of 8.99.
Yeah, we know that about McCain.
It's old, okay?
And what about Jesus?
Here you go.
I attached.
Oh, there's Justin.
He made a link to that thing about Jesus made me puke.
Thanks, Justin.
Cheap channel.
Okay, maybe here we go with some information.
Cheap channel is in the building off the turnpike across from Calder on River Europe Boulevard.
WID is on the top floor in the southwest corner.
A disgruntled former employee, PSS St.Vanemia last night.
I hope you liked it.
It's his Lisa.
Thanks Lisa.
I don't know if I got it.
There was that other one from Lisa's 758th this morning.
But the bow is down 352 points.
See, like what?
See, it seems like it's a revolving door of hosts.
Can you play the jingle that calls Joe Rose a big head and a whole bunch of things?
It's the one that calls him a winner bagel head and a whole bunch of other things.
Sorry if I'm being a chronic, but I love Joe Rose that song is like,
I don't know what song he's talking about.
Do you?
Nope.
Well, we'll make one.
We'll make it name.
The best talent for the new Rogers,
the sport of the 50QAM.
The sports leader.
So, let's take a look at the best talent.
There's the GA show.
Wing Knights for the end.
Do I have a hero on my sports?
The sport's 30 of 560QA.
The sports leader.
What a suck up job that was.
I'd like to take invocation this month,
but it looks like I won't go anywhere.
Because I can't afford to be driving my port.
It does those cast like I go over there.
And if I keep thinking about it too long,
I get angry and frustrated inside.
Looks like this summer will be a big farmer.
I can't even go for a ride.
When the change in the price of food
changes your attitude,
and all you can do is complain.
To fill up my tank, I'll be robbing a bank.
You'll have hope, back to think,
if I do that someday.
Remember when Gasoline was inexpensive?
It was back in 1968.
We need to find an alternative fuel source,
and we're at least 10 years too late.
Because nobody planned for tomorrow.
That's why it's such a mess that we're in.
Feeling like food,
using up fossil fuels,
and we're over a barrel again.
When the change in the price of food
means we're all really screwed,
and all we can do is complain.
We'll spend all our bucks just to fill up our trucks
while we watch our economy go down the drain.
Watch our economy go down the drain.
Watch our economy go down the drain.
Park down the toilet, baby.
It's sitting back and watching Charlie Joe Bell destroy this joint.
Just put your hand.
He put the cleaver in beaver.
Goody.
Vincent T says,
they go might used to do the morning show,
but now many moonos as if we don't know that.
Hey Vincent, thank you, but it's old news.
Sometimes Kelly Craig does the show between 7 and 9 a.m.
Yep.
When it must have a big cheer for Kelly.
Sorry Kelly, we love you, but God, you're just gigantic.
And then last Wednesday, Mike English did it.
Who?
The voice of the Miami Heat.
Who that?
I believe he's the guy that broadcasts.
Why are you doing listening to IOD in the morning?
Me?
Yeah.
I'm on their website.
What does that mean?
I'm looking on their website and it says Wednesday, September 3rd, 2008.
News radio, 610s, many moonos, and NBC's Kelly Craig.
Well, how come there's nothing on there about Jimmy Sifilis?
Uh, because I was going to say.
I'm not asking about Dave Lamont and his farts or about Kelly Craig and her fad.
I'm asking about Jimmy Sifilis.
Not that I really care.
It's not a big deal, but.
Well, I don't see anything about him listed on here in the past.
Well, if you were them, would you put it?
Would you put on it on the website?
Are you putting them on a year?
Of course.
You think mine had come back down only 307 now?
Do you hear what I just said?
Uh, it's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
I'm not sure what being Chinese has to do with it.
It says this, another Chinese joke.
Hong Chow calls into work and says,
Hey, I know coming to work today.
I really sick.
God, head aches, stomach aches, and legs hurt.
I know come work.
The boss says, you know something, Hong Chow?
I really need you today.
When I feel sick like you do, I go to my wife and tell her to give me sex.
Then makes everything better and I go to work.
You try that.
Two hours later, Hong Chow calls again.
I do what you say.
I feel great.
I be at work soon.
And you got my house.
Funny, ish.
It was amusing.
Not like that other word.
Well, and nothing is going to be like this.
Everything is going to be held up to that standard.
It's going to be the rest of the day.
Yeah, that's going to be a hard act to follow.
Right.
You're not laughing?
About what?
Either one of those last two jokes you read.
No.
But that first one, how does it look?
It looks different.
I totally am.
Because it was hysterical.
We could fod.
She's hysterical.
Jack says one of the saddest, most frustrating aspects of being a fan of your great show
is the fact that you aren't syndicated across the countries you should be.
Oh yeah, here we go with this crap again, Jack.
It pisses me off that losers like rushed limpauls and clendrack continued to pollute
their waves when their petrieds swill.
Hard to believe that so many mental defectives relate to that garbage.
They don't have a tenth of talent you have and limpauls are getting a $400 million contract.
If there was any justice in this world, they'd be pouring dump truck loads of cold hard cash
on you and George around the clock.
Oh yeah, they're pouring crap on us all right around the clock.
Yeah.
I really wish your show could be as it was in the heyday without the beastly edits and the FCC backseat programming.
I started listening to your show the day after 9-11 been hooked ever since.
The changes have been drastic since then.
Of kudos to you and George for still putting your great product forth despite being hamstrung by the word Nazis.
The word Nazis.
P.S. dump that loser norm on, give us all hope.
Well, George and the chicken heck have got this really great agent.
Who once he goes out and buys a radio is going to really be in tune with what's going on.
Right.
He's not an agent.
Never claim to be an agent.
But just keep making stuff up.
If he was going to represent you then how can he not be an agent or he was going to find this an agent?
That's right.
And he was going to take 30 percent.
The agent was going to take 100 percent.
Right.
But he's going to move up there.
Right.
He's going to move up there.
Everybody talks.
He didn't know a radio from his ass.
He made Jolly Joel Bell look like the executive over the year.
Whatever he's saying.
I'm telling ya I talked to the guy at a length.
He had a length.
Look five minutes once.
What?
Huh?
Say what?
What?
When did he just say?
You talked to him for 45 minutes.
Yeah.
Well, what if I were to talk to him for two hours without him made it better?
Without him made it more knowledgeable about the business?
Yeah, maybe.
Same old stuff again, man, about James Christal radio and about this one and that one and about to be put a boop,
but about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about.
Hey, nobody can compare to Norm. I mean, what you got Norm here today?
Nobody, I would agree with that. We finally have come to agreement on something today.
Nobody does it like Norma. Thank God.
Norma can't.
Silly Queen.
You're fairy.
David says, David in New York.
A rater nation. Oh my God. Poor Dave.
Neil and George, I agree with you 100% on the idiots who go to sporting events.
I don't understand why people care more about talking on their cell phones and games than they do about the game.
I'll go to a Panther game sometime, Dave. Come on down.
And you'll see these idiots waving their standing up while the game is going on and waving at somebody of three sections away.
Hey, Joe, I like that.
And in the meantime, you're trying to watch the game.
I'll never forget that one time I yelled at the guy to sit down. He turns around.
Well, why? Because I want to see the game a whole...
Why?
For instance, I was home watching the Metzon Nax last night on my large HDTV.
There were these two women yacking each other for the whole game. They were in the front row behind the plate.
They couldn't care less about the game. I wonder who they were playing grab ass with the get-thos seats.
And the guy next to them was yacking on his cell phone. The whole game is well waving to his friends.
And in closing, I'm flying up to Buffalo this weekend for the Raiders' Bill's game.
Can I call you or George from the game and get up and wave to you?
Yeah.
I see you there.
Yeah, there you are. I'm here. I'm here. Look at me. I'm over here.
Get your name.
The best you've ever seen.
I'm the one who's working all by 50 QAM.
The fourth leader.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
Hey, how you doing? I'm Tom Brady's knee.
You know, I've been through a lot these past few years. All that held in on the football field.
Laura Bush rubbed me at the White House.
Oh, and the Rutblans I got with your cell bungee.
Well, now it looks like I get to take it easy for a while.
After that fat guy from Kansas City landed on me.
Geez, who was that MOOC?
Christmasy Alice personal trainer?
Anyway, I didn't come here to whine.
I'm Tom Brady's knee. I've had it pretty good.
I just wanted to send a special message to all those keeps
who had Tom on their fantasy football teams.
Whee!
Get a tampon, you little girls.
I'm out of your parents' basement.
It's even if you can remember what that big yellow ball in the sky is.
A bunch of losers.
Hey, yourself. I need some more ice over here, honey.
And don't forget to vacilline. It's in the bathroom.
Speaking of that, yeah.
A successful farmer died and left everything to his devoted wife.
She was very good-looking woman determined to keep the farm
but knew very little about farming, so she decided to place an add
the newspaper for a farm hand.
Two men applied for the job. One was gay, and the other one was a drunk.
She thought long and hard about it, and when no one else applied,
she decided to hire the gay guy, thinking it would be safer to have him around the house than the drunk.
He proved to be a hard worker who put in long hours every day new lot about farming.
For weeks the two of them worked hard, the farm was doing very well.
Then one day the farmer's widow said to the hired hand,
you've done a really good job and the farm looks great,
you should go into town, kick up your heels.
The hired hand readily agreed and went into town one Saturday night.
One o'clock came, however he didn't return.
To a clock, no hired hand.
He returned around 2.30 and upon entering the room he found the farmer's widow
sitting by the fireplace with a glass of wine waiting for him.
She quietly called him over to her.
Unbuttoned my applause and take it off.
She said, trembling he did as she directed.
Now take off my boots. He did as she asked ever so slowly.
Now take off my socks. He removed each one gently and placed them neatly by her boots.
Now take off my skirt. He slowly unbuttoned constantly watching her eyes in the fire light.
Now take off my bra. Again with trembling hands he did as he was told
and dropped it into the floor.
Now she said, take off my panties.
By the light of fire he slowly pulled them down and off.
Then she looked at him and said, if you ever wear my clothes in a town again you're fired.
Got a laugh out of George.
It's cute.
That was cute.
That was a little bit long but it was well worth it.
It was worth it for the punchline.
Yes it was.
Oh this female thing. I thought it was a good idea.
That mark guy. So many sour people.
It's like anything else just because it's a different medium doesn't think that you're going to get different people
or better material or any of those things.
I mean this is a today's only one week we've been doing emails.
I already give it like seven billion points better than the stupid call.
Hey I'm your friend. I'm your friend.
Excellent program Neil.
Come very concoversial.
Yeah, controversial show today Neil.
319 votes on the pool.
Which of these disturbs you the most about South Florida?
I'm sure you're talking about South Florida.
Oh you know what New Yorkers somebody or an email that I forgot to tell you.
New Yorkers get it on here.
Okay Chris won't be with us Friday by the way because he and Allison got together made up a story.
I think they're both going out.
That's what's happening.
Is that what it is?
Something like that?
Yep you have something going on the side of those.
They're going to hook you up.
Which of these disturbs you the most about South Florida?
People who can't or won't speak English.
109.
The hate 74.
The driver is 43.
Crapie school is 33.
I don't live there 30.
I mean...
BAH!
No.
BAH!
30 man!
Crime 22 and old people 10.
Out of 321.
I think New Yorkers if it ever goes on it which I don't see it.
I think that's going to go zooming up.
Don't you?
Oh yeah.
Obama leads McCain in New Pole.
Out!
Medina Medina, whoever that is, send it to Sim.
What?
Medina.
It's Medina in New York.
Well, trust me.
I mean you say Virginia?
Just this morning.
Democrat Barack Obama's got a two-point lead in the race job against John McCain.
Whose choices Sarah Pelland is running made helps shore up support for both candidates.
According to a Reuters, Zogby pull released today.
Obama leads McCain among likely voters 47 to 45 percent within the poll 3.1 percent margin of error.
He gained ground in last month among independent women voters and on the question of who could
best manage a faltering U.S. economy.
Obama wiped out McCain's 5-point-age in a Reuters-Ogby poll taken in August before the conventions.
Assigned that the Arizona Senator could be drifting back to Earth from what other opinion polls
was a post convention surge.
Another finding out who she really is, he's going to go dropping like a rock.
We're back to where we always thought we would be in a very competitive race, poster John Zogby said.
The poll was taken Thursday through Saturday following the hectic month on the race to the November 4th election,
but it would be a bit of a bit of a bump.
Zogby said Pelland helped solidify Democratic support for Obama.
For last few weeks it's been all about Pelland and she's been a divisive force.
She assured up the base for both candidates.
Obama, who struggled to solidify Democrats in August, went just 74 percent back to him.
Now has the support of 89 percent of Democrats.
McCain's support among Republicans grew from 81 percent last month to 89 percent now.
Nearly a third of likely voters said the choice of Pelland made them more likely to support McCain.
Nearly a quarter said it made them less likely.
About 42 percent of them would have said it would have no effect.
Nearly a third said it made them more likely. How do you like that?
Is that enough to make you want to cry or what?
What?
What?
Doug Thompson's got a column on Capitol Hill and I got a whole bunch more.
I thought he returned.
No, he didn't return. He returned from his daily job at the Capitol Hill Blue.
But every now and then he writes a word.
Well good.
Don't retire.
He's no Rachel Maddow, but oh, quick pick it on Rachel. She's wonderful.
She is so weak. She is so weak.
Let me say this though, because I'm not going to disagree with you.
I'm certainly following Keith Obramitt.
It is like going several notches down.
That's right.
At least there's one more person besides him saying some things that needs to be done.
Oh yeah, that's true.
Grant, grant you that.
I'm not saying that. I disagree with what she says.
I'm just talking about her performance.
Wait.
Maybe she put on some makeup.
Yeah, she's really tasty looking.
Clown makeup would be good.
That would be good.
Blan looking dyke.
Maybe if you think a dollar all I like like Paul is on.
Okay.
Well, pool.
Sprinkle some glitter on her.
Give her some glasses.
That's right. Here ain't glitter.
How to buy a Senator or President Doug T. writes?
In 1987 I ran the Political Programs Division of the National Association of Realtors,
the largest trade association in the country.
One of my jobs was to serve as the associations.
Go to that when they needed to sway the opinions of Congress.
One afternoon Steve Dreisler, Senior Vice President of our government affairs walked into my office.
We've got a problem he said.
A member of the House Ways and Means Committee told one of our lobbyists today
that mortgage interest deductibility is on the table.
On the table, the committee was considering reducing,
even limiting the ability of American homeowners to deduct the interest on their mortgages on their income taxes.
Mortgaged interest deductibility and is and continues to be a bread and butter issue for the real estate industry.
Don't worry, I told Dreisler, I'll take care of it.
We put together a series of radio ads to run over the next two weeks during morning and evening drive,
drive time radio in the districts of every Democratic and Republican member of the committee,
each one targeted that member.
For example, in Representative Tom Downey's district in New York,
a solemn voiced announcer came on and said,
did you know Congressman Tom Downey and his fellow members of Congress
want to take away one of the main reasons you bought your home?
That's right, they want to do away with your right to deduct the interest
of your mortgage on your income taxes.
We don't think that's a good idea and we bet you don't either.
If you don't, why don't you call Congressman Tom Downey and tell him to leave your mortgage interest alone?
The ad included this whole free 800 number that people could call,
they gave their zip code and the operator immediately connected them to the Congressman.
I pulled the campaign after just three days because Illinois Congressman,
Dan Rostin Kowski, then chairman of the Houseways and Means Committee,
called Dreisler into his office and said,
call off your attack door, dougs, this sucker is dead.
It took just three days and two point two million dollars to force Rostin Kowski
then one of the most powerful members of Congress to back down.
The realtor's got their way because we had the largest political action committee in town
and we had no hesitation on spending money to exercise clout.
We bought access to the offices of virtually every member of Congress
by showering them with maximum campaign contributions,
special friends that invites to our conventions in Hawaii
where they were encouraged to bring their families and golf clubs.
One of the recipients of our generosity was a newly elected senator from Arizona,
John McCain. He openly sought our support and campaign checks.
We happily complied.
McCain went into our files as a friend who delivered what we called.
We called often. He always delivered.
I could and did spend millions on independent expenditure campaign
to help put friends in the industry into office.
My five years with the Realtors taught me a lot about the relationship between money and power.
I could pick up the phone and be put through to any member of Congress.
I was invited to private political briefings at the campaign committees of both parties
and to private receptions at the White House.
For a while I reveled in the power and love the attention.
New York Times ran a front page feature about the Realtors clout along with the photo of me
with a $50 haircut, $300 shirt, $200 suspenders,
and sitting in my office surrounded by TV monitors that kept track of both C-SPAN channels and the news.
But the intoxication of power leaves a powerful hangover.
This wasn't government of the people by the people and for the people.
It was government for sale to the highest bidder and we had the deepest pockets in town.
Special interest groups ran Washington during my days at the Realtors,
and they continued to run Washington today.
And John McCain's presidential campaign is littered with some of the most powerful lobbyists in Washington.
If he's elected president, McCain won't run things at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
The lobbyists in Special interest they represent will be in charge.
McCain claims he's going to put an end to Special interest control in Washington.
He's lying. The Special interest control him. They always have and they always will.
I know. I once owned a piece of John McCain. Didn't cost that much.
Corrupt members of Congress usually come cheap.
What's your biggest name? The best talent.
You're the new largest sport radio 5.60 QAM.
This is on. This is not a tumor. It's the ones of two hours.
Prison break. Prison break. Getting out was the biggest day.
Make a deal. Couple three. Every time they think they're free.
Then I. Here comes more literacy. One day it's airy day.
Gretchen's coming ahead. But wait now, she's okay.
To live on another day. Prison break. Prison break. Getting out was a big mistake.
It's a lot of discomfort. We'll see. Baglet will be in.
He just killed and ate his new bread. Nothing is as it seems.
I think we need all the green. There's no way in crackling.
Take sound of the company. He's in fact there's no way.
Prison break. Prison break. Getting out was a big mistake.
It's a big, full-quam to blow. Prison break.
In the poll. They make a trustful.
Prison break. Prison break. Getting out was a big mistake.
Gotta keep what I feel. It looks like their face is sealed.
That's why.
Holy can my skull be.
I can't find something.
Let me ask you again. Is she getting paid for that stuff?
I imagine he's going to get a lot of money.
Oh my god. Why didn't they even play that?
I don't know. I hit well. I actually was a mistake.
I hit well. I hit well. I actually was a mistake.
Prison break.
A man and a man. I shouldn't really read these off the screen.
I should read them first.
I'm really glad I loved it when he looked up and saw his young son stood by the door watching them.
The kid ran away a few minutes later.
We're luckily the dad decided to try to explain to him what he saw.
When he entered the room, he was shocked to find junior banging grandma.
What the hell is happening here, cry of dad?
See, said the son? Not so funny when it's your mom.
All right.
Yeah.
That's good. I like that.
Like I said, we didn't call right off the monitor.
I had my finger over the dump button.
Just in case you opened up the spotty mouth.
I would have to bleep you there.
Richard says, although I can't agree with you, Bill Mar.
Well, I don't know how to agree with you, Richard. He's a twerp. He makes me nauseous.
I certainly agree 100% about Rachel Maddow.
I agree with her politics, but I'd like to hear so much better when she played Chandler on Friends.
Cute.
Now maybe you'd know that because I never watched Friends, so I don't know who Chandler is.
Obviously a guy. That's all you need to get.
Oh, in other words, she's so daiki.
Righty.
I know likey because she's not because she's so daiki.
I just, she just brings nothing that I know enthusiasm. She's bland.
Blan.
Gary says, oh, this is the guy who is the horse guy.
The X-horse trainer.
I wrote yesterday promise I won't become a chronic butt.
I forgot to thank you in the email yesterday, turning me on the body wash. It's the greatest.
I'm 100% head of a sexual, we'll never go back to bar soap.
The best I found is oil of whole day with ribbons.
Oh, I've seen that.
In fact, there's one of them that's pink.
I'm sure that's not the one Gary's using, but it's pink.
I know the name of the product for I will turn off the majority of men because it's a woman's company for women,
but it's the best out there.
Besides, who cares about men who need to be so macho, screw them?
No, you screw them.
I've tried dozens and uncompared oil of whole day, give it a try.
Are you like that?
All right.
Thanks, Gary.
And there was no extra charge for the body wash.
Oh, and look at this.
Did you see about the swillery was going to...
Swillery Clinton got, has canceled an appearance at a New York rally next week after organizers blindsided her by inviting Sarah Palin.
Several American Jewish groups planted major rally outside the event on September 22, next Monday,
to protest against Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmed Inijad.
Organizers said yesterday that both Clinton, who nearly won the Democratic nomination and Palin, are expected to attend.
That would have set up a closely scrutinized and potentially explosive pairing in the midst of a presidential campaign,
one in which the New York Senator is campaigning for Barack Obama while Palin actively courts disappointed swillery supporters.
Clinton aides were furious.
They first learned that the plan to have both Clinton and Palin appear when informed by reporters.
Her attendance was news to us, and this was never built to us as a partisan political event,
said Clinton spokeswoman Philip Reigns.
Senator Clinton will therefore not be attending.
Philippe.
Like Ryan Philippe, Philippe.
And he doesn't talk like you claim he doesn't only in that movie believe it was like that.
Just in that movie, it was like that.
And so does James Khan talk like that.
I never heard you make fun of James Khan, probably because I always make fun of James Khan.
I'm a Kane Palin campaign official speaking on condition about an emergency because Palin's schedule has been announced yet,
said only that Palin tentatively planned to attend the rally.
Malcolm Honeline executive vice chairman of the Conference of Presence of Major American Jewish Organizations did not immediately return messages yesterday seeking comment,
nor did other organizers of the rally.
Other event sponsors are the National Coalition to Stop A Ran Now, United Jewish Communities and the Jewish Community Relations Council of New York.
Both McCain and Obama made strong appeals to Jewish voters, especially in crucial states like Florida.
They read in a lot of Delhi these days, let me tell you.
Obama's emphasized to Jewish audiences his commitment to his real security and his work to dispel doubts created by false rumors that he's a Muslim.
Oh, he's a Muslim, you know, he's got that funny name and that funky little haircut, you know, blah blah blah blah.
Oh God.
The Indian.
Now what is this supposed to mean?
The Indian with one testicle.
Should I read this?
Yes, there once was an Indian who had only one testicle and whose given name was One Stone.
He hated that.
He hated that name and asked everyone not to call him One Stone.
After years and years of torment, One Stone finally cracked and said, if anyone calls me One Stone again, I will kill him.
The word got around and nobody called him that anymore.
Then one day a young woman named Bluebird forgotten, said, good morning, One Stone.
He jumped up, grabbed her and took her deep into the forest where he made love to her all day and all night.
He made love to her all the next day.
Until Bluebird died from exhaustion.
The word got around that One Stone meant he promised, uh...
meant what he promised he would do.
Years went by and no one dared call him by his given name until the woman named Yellowbird returned to the village after being away.
Yellowbird, who was Bluebird's cousin, was overjoyed when she saw One Stone.
She hugged him and said, good to see you, One Stone.
How long does this go on?
I don't know.
Well, it's one of these things where you have to keep scrolling down.
One Stone grabbed her, took her deep into the forest, then he made love to her all day.
He made love to her all night.
He made love to her all the next day.
He made love to her all the next night.
But Yellowbird wouldn't die.
Why?
Oh, come on, it says, think about it.
Everyone knows you can't kill two birds with One Stone.
Hmm.
You might have wanted to rid that one first.
What?
Like off the air.
It's cute.
Oh, here's a comment about Rachel Maddow.
I think the problem with Rachel Maddow sure is that she tries to be like Heath Oberman instead of being herself.
This is also why I think George is such a great job filling in for you over the summer.
He does his own thing instead of trying to be you.
Thank you, Peter and Victoria Park.
Absolutely correct.
As if.
As if what?
I could try to be you.
Talk about pointless and futile.
Here's one where the print is so small.
How do I make the print bigger?
I click on it twice.
Okay.
It didn't work.
We'll patch you before the show.
I forgot to, uh, there are Vays.
It says, I've been listening for our 16 years.
It was introduced to you, show by none other than Fat Rich.
We had a mutual client in South Florida and we had to share a conference room.
The first day I met him, he asked me if I listened to the erudger show and that he was Fat Rich.
You referred to him from time to time.
I had no idea what the hell he was talking about.
I was new to Miami.
But he had a portable radio in the conference room and we would listen to your show.
He always left around lunchtime and wouldn't come back so I could get some work done the rest of the day.
Seemed like a nice guy and the client liked him.
Plus he introduced me to our better hot dogs on Candle Drive.
Barry, who loses husband?
I don't know who loses but nevertheless.
Thanks, Barry.
Hey, do this.
What?
Well, it's too long.
Uh, click on view up on top there.
Yeah.
Text size.
You what?
Text size.
Yeah.
Larger.
Oh.
And then all the uh...
Oh, there you go.
Yeah, good thinking.
Excellent.
Good job by George.
Wow, it is so beautiful.
It's a beautiful, multiple choice.
The Pope and the rabbi, and now people are all sitting in jokes.
That's okay.
And this one is also long.
Several centuries ago the Pope decreed that all the Jews had a convert to Catholicism or leave Italy.
There was a huge outcry from the Jewish community so the Pope offered a deal.
He'd have a religious debate with the leader of the Jewish community if the Jews won they could stay in Italy,
if the Pope won they'd have to convert or leave.
The Jewish people met and picked an agent and wise rabbi to represent them into debate.
However, as the rabbi spoke no Italian and the Pope spoke no Yiddish, they agreed that it would be a
silent debate.
On the day...
On the chosen day the Pope and rabbi sat opposite each other.
The Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers.
The rabbi looked back and raised one finger.
Next the Pope waved his finger around his head.
The rabbi pointed to the ground where he sat.
The Pope brought out a communion way for a chalice of wine.
The rabbi pulled out an apple.
With that the Pope stood up and declared himself beaten and said the rabbi was too clever the Jews could stay in Italy.
Later the Cardinals met with the Pope and asked them what happened.
The Pope said, first I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity.
He responded by holding up a single finger to remind me there still is only one God coming to both our beliefs.
Then I waved my finger around my head and showed that God was all around us.
The rabbi responded by pointing to the ground to show that God was also right here with us.
I pulled out the wine and waved for to show that God absolves us of all our sins and he the rabbi pulled out an apple to remind me of original sin.
He bested me at every move and I couldn't continue.
Meanwhile the Jewish community gathered and asked the rabbi how he'd won.
I haven't got a clue said the rabbi.
First he told me we had three days to get out of Italy so I gave him the finger.
Then he tells me the whole country would be cleared of Jews.
I told him we were staying right here and then what asked the woman who knows said the rabbi.
He took out his lunch so I took out my.
That was very good.
That was very excellent.
I wonder how the apple was.
Maybe the apple had a...
Maybe was kosher.
No not a worm.
It'll have a circle you on the bottom.
Yeah, it will circle you too.
Here's one that says I've been a fan of Rachel Maddow.
She was since she had a show on her America.
I found her to be insightful, funny, and biting.
Always putting the Republicans in their place.
The bottom of the Dungheap.
I must say that I have yet to watch on him as NBC.
I can't think how she's doing on the show.
Some people just don't transfer well from radio to TV.
You may very well be right.
Yes I am.
As for St. Ciro of Oassila, I think her 15 minutes might just be up.
The Democrats are playing it perfectly waiting for it to hang herself.
Keep up the great work.
Much love Holly and Johnny Depp still rocks.
He's rocking.
The best out of it.
This is your budget.
40, the 5.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
America loves to watch boobs and butts and blanking.
How do you buy something that you can't have at Sir Paewan's talk about her baked-tea salt pay-win speaking tongues?
The badger on the side.
The king's the last queen.
The badger on the side.
The right time machine.
We're gonna lay more pipelines.
Women want to see what she stands for.
Men want to see who her all will know for.
She's a Bible con for dreams come true.
Cause sex sells with the right wing to her face.
Hot, sexy, you're pumping in all men.
A caribou barbie.
Sarah Palin, the serenader.
Complete with gun holster and designer spec.
Oh, that's it?
That's where it ends.
Wow.
I've dropped when you say indeed.
Lots of jokes coming in now.
So, I don't know if they're good or not.
Cause I don't have time to read them.
It's better if I read them cold.
I guess we'll like a non-era audition for the jokes.
Can you add to the pool snowbirds we sure can?
Oh yeah.
How's that pool coming?
Chris says we gotta get 400 votes.
I'm a second pole today.
You know what you said?
Yeah, I'm not coming in front of.
270 we got now, or we can do 400 easy.
Which of these disturbs you most about South Florida?
People who can't even speak English, no picket in English.
128.
The hate, 82.
The driver's 53.
Crapie schools 35.
I don't live there 33.
Crime 25.
Old people 10.
And the Yorkers which is one of theirs got four already.
New Yorkers.
Now let's see if this one's cute or not.
The man is dining in a fancy restaurant as a gorgeous redhead sitting at the next table.
He's been checking around since he sat down but likes the nerve to talk to her.
Suddenly she sneezes and her glass eye comes flying out of its socket toward the man.
He effectively grabs out of the ear and hands it back.
Oh, I'm so sorry the woman said as she pops her right back in place.
Let me buy your dinner to make it up to you, she says.
They enjoy a wonderful dinner together after where they go to the theater followed by drinks.
They talk, they laugh, she shares her deepest dreams, he shares his, she listens.
After paying for everything she asked him if he'd like to come to her place for a night-kette and stay for breakfast, they had a wonderful, wonderful time.
Next morning she cooks the gourmet meal with all the trimmings.
The guy is amazed, everything had been so incredible.
You know he said you are the perfect woman.
Are you this next to every guy you meet?
No, she replies.
She says you just happen to catch my eye.
Hmm.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Not that we didn't see that one coming.
Yeah.
With one eye.
Yeah.
But I mean it's...
Yeah, exactly.
Paul from Tampa sends this one he said it should be FCC approved.
When to start cussing.
A six-year-old and a four-year-old rough-stairs in their bedroom.
You know what says the six-year-old?
I think it's about time we started cussing.
The four-year-old nods his head in approval.
The six-year-old continues,
when we go downstairs for breakfast, I'm going to say something with hell, and you say something with ass.
The four-year-old agrees with enthusiasm.
When the mother walks into the kitchen, asks the six-year-old what he wants for breakfast, he replies,
all hell, mom, I guess I'll have some Cheerios.
Wack!
He flies out of his chair, tumbles across the kitchen floor, gets up, run upstairs, crying his eyes out.
With his mother in hot pursuit, slapping his rear with every step.
His mom locks him in his room and chouts, you can stay there until I let you out.
She then comes back downstairs, looks at the four-year-old nest with a stern voice,
and what do you want for breakfast young man?
I don't know, he blubbers, but you can bet your ass and won't be Cheerios.
That's cute!
Yeah, I heard that before.
You didn't like it?
In elementary school, I liked it a lot, yeah.
In elementary school?
Sure, if I keep the slots out of my head, I'll let her do that one.
What do you think, Chris? No good?
It was okay.
Maybe not, mom.
It was cute.
Not to fall down hysterical, hilarious.
Like that one.
Yeah, I want to hear that one again.
Mary sends us, she said, I've been listening to you for over 20 years.
I enjoy your show, including George.
I'm a 62-year woman, I've learned a lot from you over the years, I think Obama's great will be voting for him.
I'm a Florida cracker, but not typical.
I'm not a Christian, hate Bush, I believe a woman's rights, Mr. D-Bag and Hockey, mom are idiots.
I guess I'll be working till I'm 80, because I can't live on Social Security.
Hope to be still listening to you, love Mary.
Thanks, Mary.
That was Richard, who's as chronic as they come, but he's a good guy.
He says, here's what I hate about South Florida.
Scrodom drenching humidity, old drivers, redneck Confederates, New York trangents, traffic, hurricanes,
lousy food and grocery stores, no decent public transportation, the 2000 election disaster,
P-Poor schools, golf courses, ash trade beaches, F-P-N-L, Paul and Young Ron, salsa music,
more bibliobes, people in shorts and tank tops, other than that I love it here and never want to leave.
However, I might need your assistance in locating a home in Canada if Sarah Palin becomes VP.
PS tell Lisa they did find a dead hooker in John McCain's bed. It's John McCain.
Excellent.
Yeah.
385 on a pool, you need 15 more votes in 39 minutes to get to 400. On the second pool.
I mean, we got over a thousand on the first one. That's pretty damn good, you know what?
I mean, I realized that the show is going to come to an end, other we're not taking those great calls.
I'm your friend! I'm your friend! I'm your friend! I'm your friend! I'm your friend!
If murder were legal, oh my god.
Yeah, I got penicinato, no, no, no, too quick.
Oh.
Boy!
It would take like one inch per minute though.
One inch per minute?
Yeah.
Like slow feet into a wood chipper.
Robert Tico from Bentree, right? Robert Tico. Little Robert.
Is that what that means? Indeed.
John McCain is extremely out of touch with reality.
Yesterday he said that the U.S. economy infrastructure is having a bit of a rough time, but it's still increasing.
What?
The Dow is going down the tube.
Tube!
There goes people's 401k's and pension funds. The housing market is becoming less and less affordable for the middle class.
Middle class jobs such as teachers are becoming less and less secure in a shaken country.
The dollar is losing value, which is the real reason why the price of barrel of oil has dip below a hundred bucks.
And this country's economy and opportunity for everyday, for everyday average Julio's and Joe's are going the way of the dodo.
We got lots of dodo, but we're going the way of the dodo.
At least we have you, Neil, says Robert Tico from Bentree.
Where's Bentree?
Up Yonder?
Is it in Florida?
I don't know.
I bet you'd know it's in Florida.
It's not the U.
Good guess.
On your poll, you left off being an Austria. That's the poll from yesterday about where would you like to go that you never visited?
Yeah.
He says, this is from Earl.
Switching to emails only was a stroke of genius.
Uh-huh.
I listen to his office. I can't win him. I'm not working usually Monday Tuesday, semmelons is.
I'm an African American 52 years old. I'm a listening occasionally since the WIOD days and regular lessons he moved to QAM.
I also listen to Anne-Lake George, even though he shows her better when he doesn't overly prepare and shoots from the hip or wins it.
Like when he, uh, when he has loose the end or so.
That's, uh, that's funny. I never, uh, overly or underly prepare.
All you guys keep up the great work in spite of Joyce, you bitch, you slut, you whore, bitch.
Tell her that we black people are not offended, but I actually love Kiss and End Good Morning.
It's my favorite bit. Thanks to Zerl, PSI picked Vienna because I'm trained classical musician and Vienna's the classical music center of history.
Brahms, Mozart, Beethoven, etc.
Thanks, Zerl.
By the way, yes, there's a Ben Trion, Connecticut, Texas, Texas, Texas, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Idaho, Texas, and North Carolina.
What do you mean there's three or four places in Texas for the same name?
Yes.
What kind of crap is that?
I don't know.
I mean, I realize there's a lot of like Rochester's in New York, Minnesota, and there are developments named Ben Trion, you know, neighborhoods and areas and things like that.
Well, the Dow is down to an 85 point.
It's not good, but it's not as bad as it was.
You know what I mean by that?
Always look kind of bright side of losing your ass.
Three 98 on the survey.
People who can't or won't speak English, man, that's just, it always is untopitalist, you know?
Speak at English, okay?
Speak at English.
When in Rome, do the Romans, but suck it in.
The best English is the largest sport in the 5.50 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
Yeah, man, that's a champion in the 47th.
Fort radio, 5.60 QAM.
Three.
100 mark next on RU Smarter Than a Fifth Grader.
I class, were you ready to meet our new students?
What?
It was just your average hockey mom and find up for the PTA?
Are you smarter than a fifth grader?
Of course.
I've learned quickly these last few days.
What's the most common first name among U.S. presidents?
Wow.
John McCain.
I am so sorry.
The planet Mars has how many moons?
I'm a hockey mom from Alaska.
Sorry.
Not smarter than a fifth grader.
She's a hockey mom from Alaska.
North to Alaska.
It's just the whole thing you just so sad it's enough to make it.
Go outside and sit by the curb.
You don't sit on the curb and just put your head in your hands and cry like a baby.
You look afraid of it.
Again.
Again.
I'm ready to serve you.
Again.
Well, maybe a Fredo if he wouldn't have been butter, butter, butter, finger, like that.
Johnny Hart.
He's still there.
I love your records.
I love this song.
I've always hated the mind of country music.
Couple of songs.
I'll let you have it.
I know I'll let you play the other one if you'll shut that stupid crap off.
A white sport coat in a pink carnation by Marty Robbins.
I just love that song.
I mean, those are songs that cross over into the pop charts not just country.
North to Alaska.
Oh!
I don't know why I like this song so much.
It's already rocked.
He's still there to it.
Again, he's on the top.
Why?
Oh, come on.
Don't get enough of that country music.
Johnny Cash, a rock.
I like the occasional country song of ours.
It's just this.
It's just a four-man.
It's just that it...
Oppen isn't.
It's depressing.
Do I have that Larry Lujak thing?
What's that under?
A country song.
Here's a lion's misson.
It took a hell of a man to take my hand but it shouldn't take you long.
I like that.
Yeah.
She ain't much to see but she looks good through the bottom of a glass.
Oh, yeah.
I heard that one.
That's a good one.
I wouldn't take you to a dogfight even if I thought you could win.
Don't cry down my back, baby.
You might rust my spurs.
If fingerprints showed up on skin, I wonder who's I'd find on you.
Here's a good one.
If you get the feeling that I don't love you, feel again.
Here's one.
Obviously, there's some guy singing this song and he's in some cheap fluzey's bedroom at the time.
I'm ashamed to be here but not ashamed enough to leave.
That kind of sums up our situation here at WLS too.
I've ashamed to be here but not ashamed enough to leave.
We'll just take the money.
Thank you.
I've been flushed from the bathroom of your heart.
Oh, I want to hear it.
Okay, you really wonder about guys who write lyrics like this.
You don't know how much drink they've been doing.
It's the bottle against the Bible and the battle for daddy's soul.
Here's what I really like.
It's Commode Huggin Time in the Valley.
If you want to keep the beer real cold, put it next to my ex-wife's heart.
My wife, friend off with my best friend and I miss him.
133Q and that Larry Lujack, he was something but then again, they turned out to be an astiol Commode.
Like the new email format says Jesse, this is just sad.
This email.
Like the new email format more and more, still waiting for those phone lines to be open for business.
Any time frame on when the lines will open?
Is that sad or what?
Yeah, well continue to hear your show regardless.
The best radio show in the morning.
Take care and God bless.
Well, like Jim Roberts say, I'm out.
Well, anybody who's quoting Jim Roeman speaks for itself.
Oh, guess where that place is?
Is this school of all people told me where that was?
Okay.
What?
Ben tree?
Ben tree.
It's in a very exotic place, Kendall.
Oh.
Yeah.
Tony, from West Kendall says, have you ever seen you since you days with Steve Kane?
And what was the other gay guy?
Oh, Alice Rantell.
Anyway, you and Georgia truly do the dynamic do own.
Chris could well be the butler like Alfred and Batman.
Well, I think we heard from Batman today.
Did we not have any sarcastic from 666, aka Batman aka Crazy Bastard?
Chris could be the big butt.
Sure.
What?
Because he has a big butt.
I know you're against calling that picture a flea.
If that's flea.
Yeah.
That's flea.
Yeah.
God.
He's too ugly to work on this show.
And that says a lot.
Tony was funny looking.
I know you're against the calls, but it's entertainment.
Prozac Ron is just too repetitive and has nothing to contribute.
Oh, no kidding.
It's entertainment.
Not my idea of entertainment, Tony.
Sorry.
Georgia, I enjoy your shows very much.
Keep up the good work.
Although we disagree on the presidential elections.
That's okay.
Well, that's why we enjoy freedom.
That's the envy of the free world.
Oh, yeah.
Both of you keep up the good work.
You're both great entertainers.
PS, how did the quarter of Schlotzka get his name?
I do miss his New York's changes.
They made me laugh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
He bent over one day and somebody put a quarter in his slot.
The rest was his.
Yeah, every time he stood up, the coins kept falling out like my green.
The National Organization for Women's Ideas, today, has been pushed by the Republicans, pick a Sarah Palin as vice presidential.
Now I'm going to eat a Barack Obama for White House.
Now it's going to be endorsing the Obama Biden ticket.
Now, head Kim Gandy told National Public Radio.
The 500,000 strong women's movement, which very, very rarely endorses in a general election,
broke with its tradition of neutrality after the addition of Sarah Palin, gave us a new sense of urgency, Gandy, said.
She's being portrayed as a supporter of women's rights as a feminist when, in fact, her positions on so many of the issues are really anathema to ours.
She's a hateful right-winged salo is what they're trying to say.
And so we're going to endorse the other guys.
416 votes on our second poll. Chris is pretty proud of that. He might even show up Friday just to make a statement.
How what?
Robert from Vancouver, Washington sends a poor idea.
I think I might use this one this week.
You like this? My biggest turn off in a woman is big nose, hairy legs, mustache, muscular bill, tattoos, body piercing, body odor, two tall, small breasts, huge breasts, fake breasts, manly hands, like Rachel Manau,
missing a limb, shaved head, a penis, I'm desperate I'll take what I can get.
Sure. You like that? You have to do something like that before, but great.
Yeah, similar, but not a match.
And the board goes back.
Pete and Kendall says greetings from Kendall used to work at WNWS back in 82 in sales with Mike Munchon, LA Gray and the beautiful Lynn Camin and others.
Regarding the election, I think the Democrats have done to again as they prepared a snatch to the feet from the jaws of victory.
This was an almost impossible election to lose, but I fear they will.
Barack Obama, I think, is unelectable even though he's a brilliant man.
As a vice president, so candidate, he would have been fine and never would have had eight years to transition into the presidency possibly, but America's racist, underbelly will rear its ugly head, and the unthinkable,
elect another Republican after a year's of the worst presidency in modern history will happen.
One possible solution would be for the Democrats to fight as hard and aggressively as the Republicans have, and literally swift both both McCain and Pellan, but they just don't have the guts to do it.
Republicans are warriors and is only one way to fight back is harder, harder. What about what's your name's black baby, Bristol?
Yeah, there's a lot of crap coming like I said yesterday, sling them up. Okay, you're going to get into a mud sling, and you can't win unless you sling back.
And so sad commentary, but that's just the reality of the way it is, the idea is to win, not just to be above it all, above the free.
Pete says if the ticket were reversed with Joe Biden number one, and the Obama number two, I think it would fly, and I think Hillary would have had a strong shot against Graham's McCain, but this ticket is destined to lose America just can't handle it sadly.
As for me, this will be the last election I ever voted, and if it goes as predicted, I've had enough. I had moved to another country where we're feasible, but from what's the butt is it not?
The only solution is to tune it all out and do no harm, so is Pete and Kendall.
Well sorry Pete, sorry if you feel so bummed out.
I'm going to vote 100 times absent here. I'm going to get like a zillion ballots and just sit around on a weekend and fill them all out.
And maybe, and you know something maybe one or two might get counted.
The best tower for you is the largest sports league of 5.50 QAM.
The sports leader.
Yeah, it's probably sports.
Oh my god, this goes on.
Longest laid out industry.
It is, but I just chopped it off.
Brown.
146 at 5.60 WDQ, and we got the big O.
Rock solid up and two.
I'm wondering what our sports guys are talking about.
I love them.
Joe, of course in the morning saying to Martin, is this still have a shot of the wild card?
He just hasn't been the same since five Zaks that are producing that show.
Just isn't the same.
Here's one that's kind of cute.
From Joe, Boudreau and Thibido are sitting at their favorite bar drinking beer.
Boudreau turns to Thibido and says, you know I'm tired of going through a life without an education.
Tomorrow I think I'll go to the community college, sign up for some classes.
Thibido thinks it's a good idea in the tool you leave.
The next day Boudreau goes down to the college meets the dean of admissions who signs them up for four basic classes, math, English, history and logic.
Logic, Boudreau says, what's that?
The dean says, I'll show you.
Do you own a weed reader?
Weeed reader?
What I just said.
Weeed reader.
Weeed reader.
The dean says, I'll show you.
Do you own a weed eater?
He says, yeah.
Then logically speaking, because you want a weed eater, I think you'd have a yard.
That's true, I do have a yard.
I'm not done with the dean says.
Because you have a yard, I think logically you'd have a house.
Yes, I do have a house.
And because you have a house, I think you might logically have a family.
I do have a family.
I'm not done yet.
Because you have a family, then you logically must have a wife.
Yes, I do have a wife.
And because you have a wife, then logic tells me you must be a heterosexual.
I am a heterosexual, that's amazing.
You were able to find all of that out because I have a weed eater.
Excited to take the class now, Boudreau shakes the dean's hand and leaves to go meet Thibido at the bar.
He tells Thibido about his classes, how he sent up from math, English, history and logic.
Logic Thibido says, what's that?
Boudreau says, I'll show you.
Do you have a weed eater?
No, then you're a queer.
Pretty good, huh?
It took a long time to get in there.
I thought that would come into it, but still cute.
But it's still cute.
That's what I got here.
Jim says, are there any, this is Jim and gets filled in New York.
I have no idea where that is.
Love is.
Get's filled.
G-E-T-Z.
Are there any radio or TV personalities from the Western New York area you may remember from the 70s?
If so, what's your opinion of these individuals?
There was always Joey, was that in the 70s?
I don't know.
In the 60s.
Joey?
He's in the 60s on time.
Joey Reynolds.
Yeah.
I am that hemorrhoid areas.
Not to be confused with.
I have my nose up nails, I ask.
Yeah.
Joey, he sucked.
And who else stand Roberts was on WKBW?
I don't know.
From the 70s.
I'm trying to think if I was in upstate New York in the 70s.
Not really.
No.
There was always a Nick Nixon and Joe Dean on WBBF and Rochester.
And Bob Turner in sports.
Or got my free hockey tickets.
Is that last break really only three minutes?
Yes.
Well, what kind of crap is that?
To mess with you, I guess?
What?
To mess with you, I guess?
No, I, we can give the big O an extra minute.
I don't think I'm a one.
I don't want it.
Here's one from Sean who says,
I love to show up and listen to him when you started a QM.
I'm one of your huge American listeners.
I love the new email format.
So do I, Sean.
Wrong with the WQM signal.
Wrong with the QM signal.
I work in both in between the frying and Spanish station
bleed over.
It makes it very hard.
At least you should go by one of those H.C. digital radios.
Love the show, Sean.
Whatever, whatever you're saying, Sean.
Go by one.
There are signals just like you get more and more complaints
and people gnashing of teeth and screaming and throwing crap
through the radio.
Just not too happy.
Here is one from somebody that says the joke I received today.
Wish I had wished weren't a joke.
Also, it says,
didn't you like to sweep home my holidays?
So I'm going to say,
you stay and never heard you play it.
I don't think I ever got it.
Well, no, you didn't get it.
First of all, it's not unfunny.
It's fine.
I sent it along to some Spanish-speaking people
that I know because it's in Spanish, 90% of it.
Oh.
And it does need some bleeping and it's four minutes long.
Wow.
Other than that, it was great.
Maybe Georgia played something, but I know it.
I'll be here.
Here's the joke.
A driver was stuck in a traffic jam.
I'm on I-95 South.
Just outside of Washington, you see.
Nothing is moving north or south.
Some of me may not send his window.
The driver rolls down his window and asks,
what happened?
What's the hold up?
Terrorists have kidnapped President Bush, Vice President Cheney,
Bill O'Reilly, Rush Limbaugh, and Ann Coder.
They're demanding $100 million ransom.
Otherwise, they're going to douse them with gasoline
and set them on fire.
We're going far from car to car, taking up a collection.
The driver asks, on average, how much is everyone giving?
He says, about a gallon.
Cute.
Yeah.
Cute, see.
Not fell down on the floor at Lander-Rassoff.
Now it's funnier.
Here's one from TJ, who says, how are you?
I'm fine.
First of all, I want to tell you I love your show
and your driving into the truth about these certified gangsters
we have in office, along with a new thread of McSame,
Palin, Horbag, White House.
Neil, but the thing that really upsets me
while living in South Florida all my 24 years on this earth
and knowing a whole lot of Hispanic people,
is I didn't know how many of them are racist
and not voting for Obama.
I'm a young black college student,
and sees that the economy is going down the tubes.
What?
Cube!
And the American America is falling apart by the wayside,
with Hispanics also being a minority.
Why is this so?
Did they actually think that McSame gives a rascals
about them?
Are they that foolish?
Help me out, please.
Can't help me out.
I've moved to a place where there are some rational people.
That's my answer.
It's nothing.
It's the Hispanics.
It's the Cubans because of the Communists to think
that's what he needs to understand.
Yeah.
Other Hispanics are mostly vote left.
Yeah, the Hispanic vote.
I mean, nationally, if Obama is way way the hell
among Hispanics, they might.
Not in Dave County, though,
but then it corrects a different story.
A horse of a different color.
That is right.
A teeth of a different color, green.
David says, have been listening to you since 1985,
you made my off the wall political views, legit.
I've enjoyed your show all these years,
and George and the Summer Months, how do you like that?
Wow.
Now, as here's one, I think we can do.
From a long time listener.
Rob and Providence, Rhode Island.
Three nuns dying in a car wreck are standing by at the
proligates with St. Peter.
St. Peter says, well, sisters, I don't see
me have any problems here.
I do need to ask you a few questions,
and you can go right through.
Then I'll say, oh, yes, St. Peter.
Thank you so much.
So St. Peter says to the first nun, sister of you ever
had contact with a penis?
She has shaken and says, oh, yes, St. Peter,
one time I right hand brushed against a penis.
It was an accident.
St. Peter says, no problem, sister.
Please just go over and dip your right hand in that bucket
of holy water and then go right through.
She says, oh, thank you so much and heads on through.
Immediately the third nun comes up to St. Peter and says,
you mind if I rinse my mouth before she dips her ass in that bucket?
Cute.
I've heard it before.
Still.
Oh, you did?
It is cute, though.
You're the best I wish the powers that we would let you do the new
largest show.
No, they won't, but thanks anyway.
We're doing the best we can under impossible difficult circumstances,
so with our hands tied behind our back and with a hood placed over our
head.
This goes says, ventry is a housing community in the Kindle area between
Middler and Kindle on Southwest 137 Ave.
Check out my other emails.
I think they were spammed.
You just didn't read them.
Well, I got the two yesterday, which I did read, but if you sent any more than they were
spammed, they were in the can with spaminated.
440 p.v. on the pole, which of these deserves you the most about South Florida?
People who can't or won't speak English 150, they hate 91.
The driver's 64 crappy schools, 43.
I don't live there.
38.
Crime 34 old people 13.
New Yorkers, 8.
And snowbirds only three.
I guess we should have put frogs, been more specific.
Yes, your name is the best tower.
Peter, you are the strongest one of the 5.60 QAAM.
The fourth leader.
Yeah.
The best tower.
Go.
Let me ask you all the Gary.
Mornings 5 to 7.
Sports Radio 560 QAAM.
The sports leader.
It's Dave.
Happy Miami Town.
At 560 WQA.
Once there was a sailor who was caught indulging a habit.
A boozerone, not much different like a typical Miyokan baguette.
It's up to Larry.
We all thank you.
For giving riders something funny to do.
You're looking for guys who make you go by.
Larry, crack thank you for tapping your shoe.
New stories last a few days.
But you refuse to go away.
The public ends our draw.
I really hate it.
Hey Dave.
Tanks off to Larry.
With Cheeks of Love.
We all invite you to live.
And our fun.
The New Yorkon ride.
Like a two and a certain old guy.
I love you.
Love you taking no crap when he's having his shoe.
Game, game, game.
I never have been dead.
Game, game, game.
I never have been dead.
Game.
Tanks off to Larry.
You're fair with me.
He wants to stay dead.
But he's on party.
He wants him to go away.
Absolutely.
The religious right heart wants to feel it to say.
Larry, crack will spread his leg for you.
Raccoon.
He wants a man to scream.
And then he guy will do.
Bye bye bye.
The biggest name is the death of a man.
And your fool for Miami's open school.
For the video, I'm 16LUQAM.
I made for a lot of days.
He's for the feet.
He's for the feet.
That's what I got me some good.
I could say please.
