You're the only one who ever you want.
You idiot.
You ferret.
There's true in you us the process is hard.
I can't afford to put no gas in my life.
You know that driving the last car does go down.
Nobody seems to know how our sake is couched.
We make good things.
Also we see.
You keep it.
We make good things.
They're raping you for me.
You keep, you keep it.
Nobody's constantly not too fast.
Yeah, yeah, fine.
What's on TV tonight?
They're going to go to a bad energy.
It's too too too too.
Then we'll start the month of our mislittle sheep.
We make good things.
We just let it be.
You're too late to good things.
You don't seem to be really in.
You're too late to good things.
Nobody seems to mind.
You're too late to good things.
About the oil and the prawns.
You're late to good things.
I've been doing this a long time.
You've been on the show for a million years.
Let me ask you this.
Once the last time I did this show and I was speechless.
I don't remember.
Ever?
Ever?
That was speechless.
I don't know what to say today.
Five minutes to ten this morning.
Right before the show starts.
Moth Lindsay is one of the few people in the building
who actually pays any attention to the show and recognizes
that we're on a year.
Right.
And about the only person in the sales department,
maybe one or two others, but that's about it,
who makes any effort on our behalf on the show.
It came in and told me something so...
Un...
They labeled it.
Yeah.
Un...
Acceptable.
Un...
Fathomable.
Un...
Real.
Am I right?
Yeah.
And then I, uh, so I googled something on there
during, as soon as he finished telling me that
amazing piece of the news,
I googled it and it took me like all of ten seconds
to find the thing that I just facts to you.
Don't you find that most interesting?
It's, uh, it's interesting and funny.
Only us.
It's not funny.
It's pathetic.
Well...
It's unacceptable.
It's what it is.
The audience is thinking, well, what is this man
talking about?
Is he totally lost it?
I've said it not totally, but I'm right on the edge, man.
No, that's the Girol Pagno.
Oh, that's the Girol Pagno.
Oh, that's the Girol Pagno.
I'm a little...
I don't know whether the screen or, uh,
peel a banana.
Wow.
It's just, it's just shocking it, but like you said,
it's typical.
Typical of schlock.
And of course, our management would be saying,
oh, when you're wrong, Neil,
Chris Jones just got an award in our sales department is,
the billing is blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
You know something?
Anybody can write business.
Right.
Anybody can write monkey business.
Closing collect.
That's a closing collect.
How's it going?
Put it on the log, baby.
Put it on the board.
Like the Hawkwood say, that moron, the Hawk.
Put it on the board.
You know, it's, uh...
I think, I think it's a good idea.
You know, once in a while we do these shows about
your favorite businesses that are no longer around
that are out of business.
Let's start doing spots for businesses that are no longer in business.
Not a good idea.
Uh-huh.
I think it's a plan.
We could write sliders, we could do all kinds of things.
They'll let you psych a greedy person.
Well, I'm going to do live spots for businesses that don't exist anymore.
Because we don't have any other live spots to zero today.
None.
And that's because our sales manager doesn't recognize that this show exists.
We don't, they don't talk about this show.
Right.
We even went at eight share in the last book.
Oh, well, that's not a sports show.
So what's that kind of do with the, with college hoops, baby, with the Hurricanes
and with the, all this other, Hazarai.
This, this is just beyond description.
I may just lay down on the floor and collapse.
Well, don't do that.
Tell two.
Why not?
Tell two.
Come on.
The show must go on.
Yeah, you can do it.
Oh, yeah.
You're a George.
I'm all stuffy.
Yeah, let's talk about my bogies.
About your wife?
My bogies, man.
My mucus.
Your bogies?
Yeah.
I'm the boogie man.
That's what I am.
Mm-hmm.
I think the boogie man was just in there.
You know, I really, I would love to tell a story on the ear.
No, no, no, no.
You know, one day, some days you save it up because, you know, once, once it's gone, it's gone.
Yeah, then you'll be able to tell the story.
You know, one is material later, I'm sure.
It is just, and the amazing part of it is he didn't seem like all that...
Shock.
And when he was telling me, I was like...
Wait, he's like, no, no, he had a concerned look on his face, but I don't know if shock
was the word for it.
I'm beyond shock.
I'm just in disbelief.
Beside yourself?
And of course, this is a sales guy Andy.
I don't know who he is.
If it Andy DeBlanc.
He's a young guy.
I don't know.
This is the first time that I, as far as I know that he sold something on the show.
Did he ever come into the studio?
Did he ever speak to us?
He's not many...
I think we introduced him over the microphone to you.
Really?
Once, yeah.
When he was new, long time ago.
Oh, he's been there a long time.
Months.
Uh-huh.
Well, let me just say this for all you poor bastards out there who've gone out of business.
Andy's going to be knocking on your door soon.
He's going to go around, he's going to sign up a whole bunch of people who are no longer in business.
Maybe that's his specialty.
Maybe he writes sliders, I have no idea.
Well, you know, every salesperson has their special, you know, this one's national, this one likes to do this.
Right.
Maybe that's his bag there out of business.
That's his bag, he really writes all this.
How does businesses that no longer exist?
I'm going to Google that thing again.
I'm going to find some more crap.
That was just the first thing I found.
Okay.
I'll text you.
Alright.
Here's the small case today.
Which of these best describes Neil?
We had 1166 votes.
That's not too bad.
Is it Chris?
Not too bad.
Were you sitting there when Duff was telling me this?
Yeah.
Where else would I be?
So, do you think I'm overreacting?
Um, not really.
Are you shocked?
A little.
Do you know who this Andy A-hole is?
No.
Which of these best describes Neil?
Funny.
Wasn't even on there and it zoomed to the top and one overwhelming.
How do you like that?
He's a really funny guy.
Not too funny today because I just had some newsman and it would just...
I mean, it doesn't affect our lives, but it's just pathetic.
It's embarrassing, humiliating, degrading, unprofessional, shocking,
schlock, funny 209, fearless 170, bold 159,
Full of Schmidt 151.
I got news for your man.
When it comes to Full of Schmidt, that's where I'm working.
Full of Schmidt.
This is...this place specializes in that category, Full of Schmidt.
Relentless 109, gay 74, daring 73, brazen 40, thin skin 40.
You should live so long.
Erigan 33, obnoxious.
BOT 3rd, man.
Hateful 22, boring 18.
Caniving 10, rude 9, disgusting 5.
This tasteful 5, selfish 5.
Thoughtless 2 obscene 2.
Now let me see if I can find in my pile.
The rid of...
You said it was March 12th, 2001.
If I, uh, am slow to respond, it's because I'm in the middle of a coughing spell or something.
Oh, and you could belly it, and if I'm just running you could survive.
You could eat the microphone on you, you could enjoy it.
It's always sick.
This means, oh, I got mucus, I got the echmits, I got the juices, I got the...
Oh, you're a mess.
Uh, well, join the club.
Now I'm looking back at the first time.
Look at that.
First time we did the poll in 2001, that's seven years ago, almost of the day.
We had 1186 votes this time, we had 1166.
Boring, back then we had 32 votes this time, 18.
So back in the 70 years ago, 2.6%, not only 1.5.
I guess that's because most of the people I can't handle the bedtime stories, they're already gone.
You know, once they're gone, once they're gone, they're gone.
I don't know, maybe that's not it, maybe they just don't find it boring, maybe they find it fascinating.
Barack Obama is going to be speaking at 10.15, I think we got a career at a whole speech, but we won't.
I mean, you know, it would be nice if we could do that, but we got spots to put on here.
And some of them are for businesses that are still open for business.
You know, I've been doing this for hundreds of years, and when you think you've seen it all,
when you think you've seen everything and experienced everything that this business could bring you,
and then all of a sudden something like this happens, and you think to yourself, what, what, what did you just tell me?
Are you rubbing your ears?
Here's our poll today on Neurodges.com.
Who do you think will be the next president?
Not who you're pulling for, not who you're rooting for, who you're voting for.
Who do you think will be the next president?
331 votes. It's on there very, it's very weak.
You want to know why Chris, because I put it on there late last night, and because Eric, I have no idea where he was.
I kept trying to fix it in for about three hours.
I was trying to fix it with busy, busy, busy, but I couldn't fix it to him.
And I finally got it to go through and we went on there late.
So that's a good excuse, okay?
Who do you think will be the next president?
Barack Obama's got 138.
John McCain, 91.
Don't know 46.
Swarry Clinton's got 42, and don't care 14.
She's way down there. She's got less than 13% of the vote in this crowd.
And you're probably thinking, well, as close as you're always calling her, swarry and I was too bad.
Too freaking bad, okay? Too stinking bad.
Anyway, let's do a live spot for a place that's no longer in business.
Hey, how about piccolos on South Beach, man? That was a great Italian restaurant.
Mmm, yeah. Mind your mind.
You're going to start piccolos.
We're going to start doing spots for it.
Yeah.
In fact, let's wait until next month, and on April on April Fool's day, we knew some spots for the Rascal House.
So if people think about a business, if you think they become the Epicure market.
So if anybody out there has got a business that went under, that failed, maybe it was a good business.
Maybe he had good food or good merchandise, whatever, good prices.
Maybe you want to fax this in and we'll start doing some spots for businesses that no longer exist.
What's the biggest name?
Maybe born in by the way.
Watch the mail.
We're 25.
60 QAM.
The sports leader.
This station stands for nothing.
New on Fox.
From the creators of Dancing with the Stars.
Sounds like it's a dance with me.
Rosio Donald, Cameron Mannheim, and Kirstie Alley, Barrett All-in, lap dancing with the Stars.
No!
No!
No!
Lap dancing with the Stars.
Soon friend, you're going to do it standing up in the shower, asking like your milk gips and in brave hearts.
I have one heck of a bad hand.
It's full frontal nausea, only on Fox.
If you could off me, I'll slip you in extra-bent Franklin!
Wow, 10, 15, and 5, 60 WQM.
I'm just printing out right now and I will fax you during the next break.
I'll fax you another.
Oh, okay.
I just, you know, a thing that you sent me, I sent it to the back there for them to be amused by it too.
To the back?
You know, to the back room.
Back to the boiler rooms, you know?
Yeah.
So that they could appreciate that as well, because you know, it was funny.
Well, if you thought that was funny, wait till you see the light.
I'm sorry.
It's too bad I can't be specific on here about what this is.
Yeah, well, what would they?
People out there would be peeing in their pants.
They would just be in hysteria, okay?
But that's our sales department for you.
Andy, you're on top of it, baby.
Let me suggest you get over to the rascal house right now and get a whole bunch of stuff set for like me and you would be good.
Right up a big order.
Too bad Larry Kent is dead, you know?
He could give a seminar on writing sliders, you know?
For the benefit of the audience, he doesn't know what that means.
It's sales people write orders that never really were agreed due by the businesses in the first place sliders.
Fake orders for spots.
Larry was great at that.
Need some money?
Need some money?
Yeah, this quack doctor of some kind, he wanted me to put on here on my show and he paid me 300 bucks to put on here.
I saw you in a tent back there.
All right.
That was Larry Kent.
He's dead now.
The Lord, uh, off him.
Speaking of polls, Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton were both statistically tied Republican John McCain in a general election matchup.
The brand new CNN opinion research corporation pull indicates all the polls all the time.
Wow.
According to the poll released this morning, both Obama and Clinton are locked in a dead heat with Arizona Senator with a crazy man.
That's not that doesn't vote too well.
Economy's going to hell in a hand basket that dollar ain't worth a nickel.
Gas costs 80 bucks to fill up your tank.
The war is still going on.
The longest war in recent memory.
Five years plus coming up.
And this is a crazy person who talks about bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.
He's in a nut job and he's locked in a dead heat.
If Obama were in the nomination, he'd win 47 to 46 for McCain.
A statistical tie, given a poll three percentage point margin, should swellery win, she'd get 49 McCain 47 another statistical tie.
Almost exactly the same margin.
While Clinton and Obama match up equally with McCain, CNN polling director Keating Halla notes that two Democrats appear to be drawing support from different groups of voters.
Clinton appears to do better than Obama among older voters, women and self-identified Democrats against McCain.
Obama's numbers may be slightly better among younger voters and those who describe themselves as Republicans in independence.
The poll also shows all three presidential candidates get high marks from voters on the issue of the economy.
Roughly two-thirds of those surveys say each of the candidates would do a good job handling an issue.
That appears to be given a good news for McCain, given the incumbent president parties often blame Frekenheim Equals.
And of course it doesn't mention the story that McCain said he don't know nothing about the economy.
And then he said, oh, I didn't mean that, like that.
Let me do that spot now, by the way.
Hey, don't forget to fill out your brackets for the tournament just log on to wqm.com.
We're just going to play Hoops hysteria.
It's college hoops, maybe. It's March madness.
Anybody interested? No. I'm sure not.
Pics can be made round by round and bonus points are given for picking up sets that's Hoops hysteria online at wqm.com.
We're sure we'll also find some really nifty promos for places that are no longer in business.
You know, he told me that and it's just, yeah, it's like a division of shapes.
Did you see plaid? Did you see spots before?
It's a real experience. Like this man can't be saying this.
Can't be saying these things.
Can't be saying what? This man can't be saying.
Can't be saying these things.
Wow.
Setting the stage for contentious fight well over the summer.
Now it's 10.19. Where's Barack Obama? I thought his speech was at 10.15.
CNN's doing spots.
And MSNBC. Always not there yet.
The politics he did.
Now, we should not try to rationalize this by saying that you would find that in the majority of black churches. You simply would not.
But if you go to West Angeles, church of gun Christ in Los Angeles, Bishop Charles.
Oh, who the hell cares for crime? I love it.
But you know, they'll come up with something to nail them to the cross.
This is preachers, a crazy person. What? That's your own universe, isn't it?
Oh, yeah.
Setting the stage for contentious fight well over the summer.
Florida Democrats gave up yesterday on redoing their January 29th presidential primary.
Leaving it to the National Party, a rival, Sodor Riclitton and Barack Obama, a hammer out of solution to make the state's delegates count.
Florida Democrats already closed the door on holding a full-scale convention election or caucus.
Scrap the controversial vote by male primary when they had proposed less than a week ago as their best option.
Saying it is impossibly.
That too. Not possible.
While your reason is very widely, the consensus is clear Florida doesn't want to vote again so we won't.
Florida Democratic Party chairwoman Karen Thurman said yesterday and let it to Florida Democrats.
You don't want it, we won't.
The move came as Michigan Democrats inch closer resolving their outsider status by staging a privately funded state administered primary vote.
Leaving Florida as usual is possibly the only state they won't weigh in in the most competitive campaign in decades.
As usual, Florida is the odd state out.
Oop.
Is that unusual? No.
No.
Just take back to the judge with his eye popping out of his head looking at that hanging Chad staring up at it there in Palm Beach.
Think of those old Jews voting for Papu can and thought they were voting for Al Gore.
Think of Theresa LaPore and their butterfly ballot.
Think of Catherine Harrison at plane crashing.
The failure of Florida to come up with another means for selecting delegates.
Al Gore's a continued standoff over its delegates and perhaps if neither candidate can clinch the nomination,
a divisive fluorophy of the convention or whether the seated delegates based on the bogus de anewary 29th results.
The Democratic, this is almost as surreal as the duck buzz story.
They had the, they went ahead the DNC stripped them of their seating the delegates at the convention.
They said, no, you didn't abide by party rules. Michigan or Florida, you're out.
This, this is a bogus election.
No, everybody agreed they weren't going to campaign there.
Swirlry's the only one it showed up actually, like on election day or the couple days before.
Everybody else, you know, like in Michigan.
Everybody else pulled off the ballot, not her.
And now she says, oh, I want the delegates from Michigan.
I mean, talk about crooks.
The Democratic National Committee stripped both states and delegates from moving up their primaries in violation of national party rules.
But Swirlry, who trails a bam and delegates, but one Florida Michigan after the candidates agreed not to campaign in the two renegade states,
has pushed to recognize the two states.
And I guarantee if she'd lost in both states, she'd say, oh no, this ain't fair.
That's parts of ranked playing by the rules.
Clinton's campaign, Monday said the state's party decision brings us no closer to counting the votes of nearly 1.7 million people who voted in January.
And call on Obama's campaign to share its beliefs that Florida's voters must be counted and cannot be disenfranchised.
I can't wait. I want to whistle a tune for it. Take 10 seconds for me to fax you this page.
Okay.
Yeah.
You know, actually I whistle. You got the pros.
Exactly.
That's a nice time up.
Your light is beeping. It's diving. You're a fax machine.
Oops.
And it'll be coming through there. Hopefully.
I'm not receiving page one. You are.
I thought you were receiving page one when I haven't sent it yet.
Maybe it has something else. It's not me.
All right. You're getting faxed. Maybe it's not a guy that's out of business that want me to do a live spot for him.
I mean, obviously nobody who's in business wants me to do that. Who the hell want my endorsement? That's okay. I can handle it.
One of the checks keep coming in. There you go. Beeps. Got that. Can you hear it?
No, I don't mind that.
That faxed out of the background. That's right.
Yours are plugged up from all the drugs. Right.
I think drugs caused a lot of bad acne too as well. I was reading about that.
So drugs, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, that's just a coincidence. I guess not.
Oh, what's that?
What? Who was that? Me.
Oh boy. George is ill and bad. Okay. You're going to be getting that fax now.
And I want you to take a peek at it. If you thought the other one was funny.
I mean, this one's not as funny, but if you, you know, thought of the other thing.
The other one.
The other one.
The other one.
The kind of compounds the situation.
What medical insurance that's what came through before you hear.
Here's yours. Wait.
Oh, another one.
Another one.
Okay. No, no.
No, no.
This is it. This is it.
And the waiter is coming here.
Read it.
Ice water.
Not loud.
Not loud.
See? He's checking it already.
I knew you'd find it.
He was like, no.
Oh.
Oh my God.
I got to take all of that stuff in the back in that room you're talking about.
And give it to Andy.
Sure.
And tell Andy your wife is asked for that would be a good idea.
Oh God.
Unreal.
Unacceptable.
Unbelievable.
Oh God.
Typical low.
Typical schlock.
Like it says on that sign on the wall in that studio where George is sitting right now.
Just give us the F and money, baby.
Even if you're out of business, give us the F and money.
This is just...
Yeah.
Didn't I just come back from vacation or had dream that?
No, you were on vacation.
That's it.
No, you're on vacation.
That's tough to work, man.
378 votes on our poll today on neo-roger.com.
Who do you think will be the next president?
There's that A-hole Joe Scarborough, man.
What a...what a turd he is.
A turd on a chair.
So I think the one phrase among all of the incendiary inflammatory phrases we've heard since Friday.
I think the one that...
I think the one that is most...
I think the one from Washington Post, Senator, like I'm real, and...
I'm talking about real stuff.
Right.
Said, no, no, no.
Not God bless America.
God damn America.
You can...
Now how come they're all saying that and we can't say that?
How come they're saying it?
Because it's a long-term...
Well, it's a long-term...
Joyce.
Why?
Joyce.
Joyce what?
There's nothing wrong with that word.
The FCC hasn't had a problem with that word.
I didn't say there was.
That was...
Right, right.
The only Joyce.
How come they're saying that?
Who do you think will be the next president?
We got 378 votes.
What's our goal today?
Chris 600?
Oh, about 60.
Why?
6.50.
6.50.
You're reaching for the stars now.
Hey God.
I'm reaching for the old Kakamoon.
Happy poem, by the way.
It's not the here-yah, but a couple of days.
Happy poem.
Happy St. Patties Day.
It's already over.
Probably a lot of people all hung over from it too.
3.81.
Barack Obama won 55.
40.6%.
John McCain 105.
27.5%.
Don't know 54.
Hillary Clinton 51.
Only 13.3%.
And don't care 16.
We don't care.
And you want to know why?
Because they don't want it.
Like our sales department.
They could totally kill it.
They don't want it.
They don't want it.
62.
I think.
I have to play for a little bit later.
Bales people are iceholes.
Hello, Gopla.
Allow me to introduce myself.
I'm Britney Spears, are you?
Now, it's come to my attention that a bunch of jokes is running away out, saying I've got a fake British accent.
Pollocks.
It's a bunch of bloody cons, all of it is.
I'm an American, as kidney pie.
If I is, one more waker complaining about me, Cockney.
There's going to be a right dustubbin, buffs your uncle.
Get the chip, you be out.
And bugger off the lot of you.
10.31 at 5.60.
That's exactly my sentiment, Sonny.
That's just exactly what I want to send right now.
One.
Bugger off the lot of you?
That's correct.
I'm serious.
I was just about to say that.
Bugger off the lot of you.
That includes Norma Kent.
Yesterday, I remember I read that bulletin from inside radio about the FCC.
And about the Supreme Court is going to take up the question of a decency.
Whether the FCC has the authority to do this and that and all these accidental exfiltives that slip out and all that stuff.
Remember that?
Yep.
So I get yesterday afternoon a text message and email from Norma Kent and guess what it was about?
Oh, I thought you wanted to know about this.
Like we didn't already have it on here.
Was there anything in there about my livelihood or your livelihood or anything of any substance?
No, of course not.
Of course not.
So bugger off Norma and as far as this place is concerned, bugger off the lot of you.
My God.
That thing.
Seriously, I've never heard of such a thing.
I'm trying to figure out a way to tell the audience what happened to me.
No, no, you will have a chance at some point.
Why?
Well, because one way or another will get a resolution.
No, no, you can understand.
Even if the place is still in business, I'm not getting involved with it.
No, I know.
I'm not endorsing just luck.
Just so they can put a few bucks on the amelia log.
No way.
Not that we haven't had some schlock on, but I mean, you know, all the good accounts that we ever had on the show.
They're a long gun.
Nice job, by the way, Brian.
What's your doing it, baby, and then everybody else?
They've parlayed everything that I ever had to 32 years to build up and they've just destroyed it.
It's all vanished.
But hey, Neal, you like to do this place?
It sucks, but how about doing this?
And we're not really sure if they're in business anymore.
We're not sure if they're in business anymore.
Has anybody in the human race in the history of this business ever heard of such a thing?
Never.
I've seen sliders and believe you me.
You know as well as I do.
Over the years, we've encountered salespeople from hell.
Most of them.
Fat boy, PD Lenny, I mean, some of the most unbelievably indescribable schlockmeisters in history.
Am I right?
Yep.
What's this that you just passed?
Larry Glick is still alive.
Well, that's good news.
You were a saleswoman.
And also the little Howard David spy report there.
Since I thought you'd read the article about Larry Glick also, you know how he David was on one of those new sports radio stations
is host for sporting news radio.
All right.
The molemyster.
Right.
I couldn't say to better myself, Mo.
Very good.
I suspect the man that missed the legend is spending his golden years as Google Ambassador for Legal See Foods restaurant at Town Center in Bokka.
He's still alive.
Glick has been at his post for seven years so it's conceivable some people merely seem as a friendly old guy hanging out and kibbutzing with customers.
Fraternizing with customers, telling jokes, asking about the meal quality are all part of Glick's job description.
But there was a time on hundreds of thousands of listeners in 37 states in Canada hung on Larry's every word.
Larry Glick is a pioneer of talk show radio.
He launched his first free forum talk show on WI-Z in 1969, 1960.
I never knew that.
But it was at the Powerhouse Station WBZ in Boston, WBZ Radio 103, baby, that he became the voice of the England for 30 years.
FAST THIRD!
1963 to 93.
He was on overnight.
My call area on here a few times as a matter of fact.
I used to get calls from Canada all over the South and Midwest.
Glick recalled recently over lunch at Legal See Food.
I still the way remote every once in a while for WBZ from my house in Boka.
That's the way to do it Larry.
Does it say anything in here about his lemonade stands?
No.
Glick turns 86, May 16th, or you'd never guess it he has the energy and enthusiasm of man half his age.
I've actually Larry never did a spot for a place that wasn't in business.
He credits part of his secret to his fourth wife Lisa 27 years as junior.
We've been married 20 years he says probably.
Lisa is from Israel and she has her own beauty salon.
I think it helps that she has a career of her own.
Larry Glick is the very definition of a colorful character.
He was born with a gift of gab.
He's used it to his advantage all his life.
A veteran of four and a half years of World War II, Glick used the GI Builder Go Back to College and studied Broadcasting.
I originally wanted to study criminology, become an FBI agent.
He confines but the injuries are gotten come back to squal-fied me from the physical.
My parents would like me to become a doctor or at least an accountant but I wasn't smart enough.
Glick said he was interrupted by another year of service when he volunteered to fight for the creation of the state of Israel in 48.
He stayed a full year and even lived in the kebuts.
Later in life, Glick returned to Israel many times leading tour groups in the Gaza Territory and he's still alive.
He's been to Israel 10 times. He says I lead 30 to 40 people as a tour guide and he's still alive.
Glick has done a little bit of everything in his locker.
He was owned by an FM radio station in Jacksonville but after two years he had to walk away from in declared bankruptcy.
He's a trained hypnotist and performed a stage act for 25 years. He began working in radio at $50 a week and by the time he retired was making ¼ million a year.
Glick was just too active to retire when his friend Roger Berkowitz offered him a job in Boca. Glick agreed with three conditions.
I was good friends with Roger in Boston. He explains we used to work together at the gym but was Roger who dreamed of the title Goodwill Ambassador.
It sounds more dignified than a greener.
I told Roger I do the job on three conditions. No boss, no set hours in a decent way. He agreed and I still am loving it after seven years.
Glick works from 6 to 8 p.m. nightly except Sunday though he usually sticks around a little longer.
What does this have to do with Moly? I don't see anything about Mo in here.
By the top little paragraph there.
All of the top part that I wrote.
Oh, sporting news radio.
What is this radio?
I beg your pardon? How's it going?
Yeah.
We can't say that. We get joist again. We can say gosh dang.
You know this speech was supposed to start at 10.15 and they keep showing the stage and there's a bunch of American flags back there in a podium.
Most important.
And the sound of this guy.
When he does that we will be here.
37th course following more breaking news at Charlotte North Carolina.
Oh, there's a hazmat situation. That's what the wires are saying right now.
At the Charlotte Douglas Airport it involves an Airbus plane details are just now starting to filter into us.
When we have information we will pass that on to you.
Yeah, pass this pass gas.
Okay, Joe.
Get out of our face.
Sounds like that. Maybe it's not.
Sounds like that.
The pasty face Joe's car broke.
I mean, could be.
408 votes.
What's our goal today? 410?
Six fifty.
Oh, yeah.
I guess I'm the only one that was so overwhelmed by that.
I've been numb to this place for a while here.
I'm nothing surprises me anymore.
Although that was a good one.
Don't do the spot.
Yeah, I'm sure that they're in business.
Right.
I hope I hope I don't want to be responsible if people are driving off the road.
I didn't make this story up.
I got a wild imagination, but even I couldn't make up anything like this.
I'm not going to say the account or anything like that because that would be not kosher
because we don't know what the story is.
Although after those two things I faxed to you, you know, I think we have a pretty good idea
what the story is.
Andy, you idiot.
You simple to me.
You're fair.
Jesus, Kate Christ.
And you tell me that this guy actually, you see, this is the kind of involvement we have
with the radio with the sales department.
Don't much, if at all.
None.
None.
Other than Dan, they've got what?
About 400 sales people working their nuts like a boiler room back there.
It's like a freaking boiler room.
Christ Jones won an award for a blah, blah, blah, blah.
Oh, yeah, he's really doing something.
Y'all, he all come back now.
He's doing it.
He's here to do it for us.
To us.
414 votes on our very famous pool.
It's not scientific.
Unless you want, well, let's say it's scientific.
416.
Who do you think will be the next president?
Not who do you want?
Not who you've got to vote for.
Not who you're hoping for.
Not who you're pulling for.
Barack Obama, 167.
He's going to speak one of these days.
John McCain, 181, 16.
Don't know 58.
Hillary Clinton, 55.
Don't care 20.
Don't care 20.
I do like that.
Those must, those people must have a money.
They must be the ones.
Best out of two.
He's no Rogers.
4256QAM.
The fourth leader.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama.
Unless.
Well, Fox Bill O'Reilly's a prepare, a pay.
Green tooth red neck, stinky green.
You know, they're not filled with what he does best.
I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama.
Unless.
Hang up.
Hang up.
Take Bill O'Reilly and hang up.
Hang up from the highest tree.
One less knee, a country.
One more time.
One more time.
One more time.
One more time.
One more time.
Well, O'Reilly ain't no done I miss.
Only right wingers can say things like this.
Frozen, I thought Obama's wife.
I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama.
Unless.
Hang up.
Hang up.
Take Bill O'Reilly and hang up.
Hang up.
One more time.
One more time.
One more time.
One more time.
One more time.
One more time.
I like the time to the back of my big old phone
And drag the face the ass down and gravel the road.
Take them once.
Regen twist.
Kill a pig.
Roll for flash off a ton of a bitch.
Hang up.
Hang up.
Take Bill O'Reilly and hang up.
Hang his wide ass from a tree.
Back off.
On the next knee, opal.
Freaky.
Back off.
Back off.
Back off.
Back off.
Back off.
Back off.
Only on 560 WQAM.
Don't do that spot.
We're not sure if they're still in business.
I still can't I can't comprehend it. I can't
rather than you know what I mean? Yeah. How do you not know if somebody's in
business? I don't know. You're not kind of door and they're not answering so you
don't know. The side says open but the door's locked. You know? It's like what are
you're open or are you? You know, I don't know. There's like a padlock on the door.
What are those yellow pieces of paper? This number has been disconnected and
don't hold your breath for it to be recreated. You get that recording you know
when you call. Yeah. Oh my god. Now is anybody said anything about this? Since
this is all blown open or is it just just me hyperventilating? Isn't it? No.
No. No. I mean it's unusual. No. I'm not talking about whether it's unusual or
not. Is anybody in the building addressing the issue? I mean I don't know what's
going on on the other side of the building but not in this corner. You know what goes
on in this corner right? Sports. Yeah. Wow. Anyway let's move along okay because if I dwell
on it too long I'm definitely not going to finish the show today. I'm I would
during this last break I was just envisioning ahead of vision of myself in
about six months sitting on a street corner here with a tin cup. Sparrow some
changes. Have a nice day. Yeah. No. Do you like can you play the harmonica? Do you know how to do a soft
show? No but I better start learning. Little you know guitar. I better start learning how to do these things.
saxophone. All of these things. Yeah. I know saxophone. At least I used to once upon a time.
Can you do a shoe shine? You got a shoe shine kit? No I don't do no shoe shine. How about a spit
shine? Yes spit on this. Easy. Majority of Democrats would like to see Barack Obama rather than
Hillary Clinton when they're parties presidential nomination according to another new
national poll out yesterday. Well there's so many polls man and so little time. 52% of
registered Democrats question they knew CNN opinion research corporation surveys say Obama's
their choice. He's going to be speaking at one of these minutes but they still got the podium
up. There was going to be 1015. It's only 1048. Maybe he's on Mexican time. 52% of the Obama's
their choice with 45% supporting swallery. The poll also suggests Democrats are more enthusiastic
about an Obama victory 45% than a victory by swallery only 38%. The two remaining major candidates
are locked in the fierce battle. We know that okay don't don't give us on CNN the obvious. Okay
don't keep restating the obvious. The same patterns that we've been seeing in recent exit polls are
holding true for Democrats nationwide as well. Obama's biggest support comes from men younger
voters and independents who lean Democratic Clinton does best among women older voters and whites.
One interesting difference unlike the exit polls in many states there's no difference in the
national poll between college educated Democrats and those who never attended college. First that
whole business about attending college I mean like do I say I attended college I enrolled in college.
I was at Michigan State I went to a few classes not too many and I drank a lot of
mysterbrow and slept in every morning. I went to I don't know maybe 50 classes in the four
semesters I was there I went to some school I actually went to class during summer school I wonder why.
I don't know. I don't know I guess most of my friends were like not in summer school and so I
didn't have anybody to drink with all night so I get up and go to class what else you're going to
do in the summertime right? Go to class the daytime and my friend John from Detroit would be sitting
on the sitting on the stoop of Abbott Hall at Michigan State I know it's a girls dorm during the
regular but not in summertime. He was in a girls dorm yeah and anyway be sitting there with an
Detroit free press when I come back from my last class he'd have the sports section open to the
entries from Hazel Park the racing entries. Joe March Studios got eight tonight all right let's go
you know and somehow I'd scrounge up 50 bucks I don't know how it was to pawn my tape recorder I
had an old web core tape recorder really now we're taking it to the pawn shop and get like 50
bucks or whatever I don't know how much I get for it probably not 50 probably more like
five words and go to the track and lose it you know I remember one time coming back just had
barely enough gas to make it back to East Lansing it was pretty exciting could have gotten out on
the street corner spare some change of history it's a good good technique to have and it's a good
trade to have in great economic times and bad times you know in between whatever no matter what's
going on it always they've got enough spare chains there for a couple of burgers and stuff like that
Spirits like a royal cancel a wonderful way never reopened don't try calling us when we don't
answer the phone Chris is fat and lazy you don't want to answer the phone so what you heard what I
said I mean you're ever getting calls that you take off the ear I'm not taking any on here what are
you laughing about oh I just thought of something funny yeah what don't we don't know because
they're a business you get out of my head don't do the spot because we're not sure if they're
still in business okay and then he tells me oh don't don't go public with this idea I'll write don't
go public my answer you crazy don't go public talk about embarrassed and humiliation that's me
mister there there's no embarrassment anymore you know what once upon a time I had credibility remember
that I used to talk about book writers and the sure yeah Ben and Jerry's fish food and immediately
everybody in software to be running out to buy it can't complain about my credibility now because
they don't have any because I work here credibility what's that crystal is done on nothing about
credibility all we know about is you know running up a lot of spots I notice we don't have any of
those five second jobs anymore remember that yep I've never seen anything like it we we
still breaks would like 75 units they would add up to four minutes only because that's all they're
allowed but a couple of fives few tens a couple of two second spots right school it can't say how
soon I have time for how to go to the spot wait it's just can't this can't have happened it cannot
have happened it's like when I woke up in a hotel in Montreal a quarter to five and more I thought I
heard all that racket in the hallway and somebody yelling my name remember I told you that story
and I'm telling on the air and then a minute later I put my head back on a pillow in the phone
rang it wasn't it wasn't my imagination it was more Mexican hysteria baby never ends it never stops
436 votes on our poll what's our goal 440 I think now with Chris said 440 don't start pushing with
any big numbers and they're okay we got real issues today at QAM nearly three quarters of all
Americans think the economy is in a recession according to a national poll release yet another
Jesus came Christ and by the way Barack still ain't out there it's almost an hour late for this
speech it was supposed to be 1115 or 1015 now it looks like maybe maybe he's on the central time
you know it's gonna be a great speech but you know what we don't want to get that sales department
up set up this is the Neil Roger show
not any questions
ha ha ha haкие
With wingo star, who now lives in his car
Heaven mills, are you on pills? You're not that hot
And blood laying, I said a lane
Tempered tens rune throwing bread, tenshit
Nine four years of marriage will make hell a mold and filthy rich
A lot of cash for someone's stand, a cause of it
Take your money, go away shut up
Cause there's no freedom
Oh my god, oh my god, you're so poor, I'm going to get out of your autograph
Give the RF for me, why? It's autographed because she gets angry
Your wife, I thought she died
No, no, that was the first one, you're taking one of her the mills
You got married?
Yeah, I've been married for four years, I'm not
No way, I never knew that
She's very jealous and angry, but what's that?
And she comes to my hitch
Heaven mills, are you on pills? You're not that hot
Better leave, I said a lane
Want me, grubbing, want me, for me, snuts
Like I said, excellent speech, but we got to do the spots, right?
Right, I'm so grateful
A little spot for businesses that are like maybe planning on reopening
What the fuck is this name?
We're not sharing, we're not giving you much bills, hoping I'm sixty Q.A.A.
I'm being failing this leader
Bastard
Absolutely
Poor you
What kind of day is this problem collected?
With the best chance of getting you left in
You've married to steep years and never cheated
What kind of day?
You're not going to be living your health
I know she can win
So vote for Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton
She got the guts, she can't buy her man
She can't do it, no one and she's blonde
And a lawyer do just think of all the laws she'll push through
Get out that ballot right in
For Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton
Her mates don't go risk that's true
But he ain't the nuts and that push
I had to try it on you
You gotta count days
The final key, but our not-hats
Fine as Hillary
But early, but often
For Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton
Big of a great political wise of history
Who outshine their husbands
Just like Hillary
A meld into your patch up
And even for all the next Hillary Clinton
They're all outshown
But early, but often
For Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton
A.I.W.L.A.R.Y
Hillary, Hillary, she's our guy
A great state of Arkansas
She looks like she got off the set of LA law
And that totally cooled my fate
To vote for Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton
No
Let me 36
If 560, W.C. Welcome
We got the jerk show
He's back today from To the Horror Man
No matter how much you pray, he won't go away
And then we got made though for the 7 Dolphins
Dolphins all asses with very butel and joe Bailey
From 7 to 9
And then what everybody's all whipped up about right now
Is the Dolphins, Chris?
Yes
We love the Dolphins
They've got a win
Oh yeah, the DA show
Night of midnight
Back in the trigger of time
Although I guess he was on last night
What's the Beast Health Report?
Is he still alive?
I haven't heard one
He was on last night
It was supposed to be a fillin
To fillin for a DA
Who worked to fillin for a...
Should I ask Clare?
Clare is like us
What do you mean by that?
That's his boyfriend still?
Maybe that's what the problem is
He's the program director, so he ought to know
He doesn't know squat
Okay
All we know is that
Do we ever get the new schedule of one that shows on Friday
That we have that UN basketball
That tournament game at noon?
Well, I don't see it
I got down
You what?
I said I ain't got down
Well, how do you like that?
Chris was given a suicide of dance yesterday
About how we're getting out of here at noon on Friday
Hey, I was just passing along with Josh told me
You were...
So where's this schedule?
Where's the beef baby?
Where's the meat?
Where's the beast?
Where's the beast?
Where's the beast, yeah?
Nearly three quarters of all Americans think the economy is in a recession
According to the National Poll release yesterday
74% of those questions in the CNN poll say the economy is in a recession
That figures up from 66% who felt that way in a similar survey
Last month, the number stood at 61% in January
Only 46% last October
Well, guess what?
This is the middle of March
It's no surprise that the economy remains a case when the public's mind but
Take a look at that Dow, baby
Here comes the bunny and here comes some back of your money
Nasdaq's up 51 point, the Dow is up 200 and if they ever flipped that thing
268
286, excuse me
Aren't you excited?
Medium excited
The S&P is up 35
The S&P is up, baby that guy I'll call in
Take couple of calls for his not on the ear though
Okay
By 2-1 March in the economy, topsy rack worth the number one issue for Americans
And their choice for president
Speaking of choice for president, how's our poll coming?
We don't have too many swillery people
That's because they resent the fact that I can't handle that bitch
And I just can't
She's full of it
When the phone rings at three o'clock in the morning you went swillery on the case
Yeah, right, based on what?
Based on what?
Based on she knows where the damn silverware is in the White House?
510 votes on a poll, Chris is going to get 650, I think you're dreaming
Okay
It's pretty weak as a matter of fact
You wouldn't you think we'd have like about 50,000 on here, it's a presidential poll
This is the only thing anybody's supposed to occur about, I don't know whether they're going to get their mustard and relic sandwiches
Well, let's start recovering from yesterday
What?
Oh, from St. Paddy's day, that's right, plus Perums coming up pretty quick here
And Spring, Spring will be sprung
Who do you think will be the next president?
Now who you're rooting for, now who you're voting for, I'm trying to clarify it for you
But we got another break here in a second, well that's Barak, you know he's long-winded, that was a good speech
And you think?
It was very good
You weren't paying any attention, I was dead
Sure I was
No you weren't, you were blowing snot into the board then
Well, that too
I waited for him to take a breath before I did that
You hear that siren?
Man, look at that
I don't know
Wow
Just psychotic, you're like bringing it and twinging it
Who do you think will be the next president?
Barack Obama, 210
John McCain, 139
Hillary Clinton, 71
Don't know, 70
At least, what do I got by, don't know
And don't care, 26
That's America for you baby, don't know, don't care
Don't got no time
And there's that moron Joe Scarborough
The tables, but you will not hear it
Oh my god, personality of a dead man
Yeah
The biggest name
The best out of two
He's no Roger
He's four from the five
We don't know if this is what he is
He's the fourth leader
Those people are ice holes
Now, a secretly recorded telephone conversation
between Michael Jackson and you won't believe it
Hello
Hello Bob, it's Michael Jackson
This is Robert Wagner
I know, I'm calling you for a loan
This is the king of pop Michael Jackson
How did you get my home phone number?
I got your number from your info cursor
for the senior lending network
Your info cursor ran in between episodes of Sheeza
Share up and the Torco Sins on the Super Station
But wait a minute, my home phone isn't even listed on the information
You need to shut up and listen
I am in financial ruin
I need $29 million by the time Oprah comes on today
or I'm sunk
and maybe you throw on another 5 million walk around money
They're going to take it all away, Bob Wagner
I need a loan for never-land ranch
I spend all my money on chimps and pims
and my gold and crushed and ferris wheel
has run me into the ground
Well, first of all, Michael, this is for senior citizens
You know, retired people
What I am semi-retired
Mr. Jackson, do you even know what a reverse mortgage even is?
Well, if a regular mortgage is paying off a loan
I'm assuming a reverse mortgage is not paying off a loan
which is what I'm doing now
But let's go ahead and make it a facial Bob Wagner
Listen Michael, I'll be honest with you
I'm just an actor, this is the gimmick
I'm just looking to make a buck off old people, you know?
But I do know that you'll need some collateral
Collateral?
Collateral
Collateral?
What's that?
Well, Mr. Jackson means you have to have something of value
Well, I have a nine-year-old llama
and I have bubbles to chimp
but I'd never part with her
I thought bubbles were the boy
Wouldn't that be great?
Hey, Bobby, look up the blue book value on the elephant man bones
They've got to be words something
You know, I realized they'd appreciate the moment you carry them out on the museum and the sack
Listen Michael, I have no idea the blue book value of elephant man bones
Well, maybe your wife Stephanie Powers can help me
Stephanie Powers is my TV show wife on Heart to Heart
Well, if Stephanie Powers can't help me, how about your loyal, gravely-boy spotlight cook and show fur
from your TV show Heart to Heart?
You mean Max?
Max?
Maybe he's just an actor Michael is a TV show
Like I said, I'm an actor, this whole thing's a gimmick
I'm just looking to make a buck off old people
You are so mean Bob Wagner
Now I know you're a murderer
You killed your first wife Karen Carp and you're going to wait a minute
I didn't kill Karen Carp and I killed Natalie Wood
I mean I didn't kill there it is you admitted it
No, no, no, no, I was Chris for walking who killed Natalie Wood
The guy from the Fat Boy Slim video?
Well, yeah, he's an actor too
But...
Anyway Michael, as long as you pay your taxes, you'll be fine
Oh, that's a sticky wicked
Wesley Slypes told me I don't have to pay taxes
Wesley Slypes
Wesley Slypes is an actor
It's Wesley Slypes, not Slypes
What do you know you're a murderer?
I'm not a murderer!
I'm going to go Michael
You're trying to rob old people
I'm trying to make a buck, Mike, I can't blame you
Okay, let's talk later
All right, bye bye bye bye
All right, 1147, it wasn't good but it was long, you know what I mean?
Right, I know, I say that often
Goes on forever, oh yeah
Fill out your brackets for the big tournament baby
Just log out at wqm.com register to play Hoops' hysteria
We know they're still in business anyway
Fix can be made round by round and bonus points are given for picking upsets that's Hoops' hysteria online at wqm.com
Where we have no shame, no self-respect, we are just a horror business, that's the radio, I've told you that for years, man
That's just this station, the whole business, we're just a horror business
What do you think?
I agree, wholeheartedly
I concur
What are we going to do about that situation?
I don't know
Nobody has said anything to you about it?
No, I don't know for sure
I just find that a bit bizarre
The building feels untie, but maybe it's just because I haven't gone anywhere
Why is that? Because it's the day it's between St. Paddy's Day and Poorne, that must be it
I think it's the day after St. Patrick's Day and everyone's sleeping and went off
Can I see?
A Georgia lawmakers played a glitter federal money laundering charges and agreed to resign as a state lawmaker
State representative Ron Sailor, oh gee, if I were to have had time, I would have set it up
You know what I mean?
I'll find it
All right, it's here somewhere
Hey, say hello
State representative Ron Sailor of Atlanta, 33-year-old church pastor, entered the plea this morning
A New-West District Court in Atlanta
He's a pastor, aren't they all?
I'm the plea dealer, Democrat from Decatur, agreed to resign within 24 hours
Sentencing was scheduled for May 22, he could face up to 20 years in a slamer and find about 250,000
Sailor's attorney Bruce Malloy said there's no specific sentence for Sailor in the plea agreement yet, no additional comment
Prosecutor's charge of between November 10 and December 19, Sailor had transactions with an undercover officer
where he believed was a drug dealer from Florida
Well, money laundering, all of his crap
And while he's too, wasn't molesting anybody that we know of yet
I guess who died and I have no idea who he is or I pronounce his name
Oscar, winning director Anthony Mingela
Mingela?
No, not Dr. Mingela, M-I-N-G-H-E-L-A
Is that Mingela? Mingela?
No, not Mingela
What is wrong with you, Mingela?
Mingela? Mingela?
Yeah, anyway, he's dead
He turned such literary works as the English patient that sounded Mr. Ripley and Cole Mountain in two of his movies was died
He was 54, the time that Mr. Ripley would mad Damon
And Jude Law
Oh, Jude Law wasn't in that
Oh, yes, he was, he was Dicky Greenleaf
Or might think enough
Who else was in that? When if CalTro, she was what's in that?
Meas guy, what's her name again?
She won't ask her
Kate Winslet, Claire Danes
No, Kate Blanchett
Kate Blanchett, there you go, Blanchett
Blanchett, right
That's what they should have done with her face, Blanchett
Sticking the hot water, man, it can only improve
She is so meas
Mingela's death was confirmed today by his age in Judy Dache
No other details immediately available
He was only 54 for Christ's sakes
The English patient, the 1996 World War II drama, won nine Academy Awards, including Best Director for Mingela
Best Picture and Best Supporting Actress for Juliet Binoche, am I saying that right?
Yeah, sounds great
Binoche, Binoche, French
Based on the celebrated novel by Canadian writer Michael On Dot C, wow
The movie tells about Burn victim is tortured recollections of his misdeeds in time of war
Mingela, and here finally it gets all the way to the story and it shows you how to pronounce it
It says pronounced Mingela
Mingela was also nominated for an Oscar for Best Screenplay for the movie and for his screenplay
The Town that Mr. Ripley, that's a good movie
It's a little bit gay, but nevertheless, you even you liked it
Yes
Wasn't 2000, what?
Wasn't terribly gay
Well no, acting would like to have been known, especially that bathtub scene, remember that?
It's 2003 Cold Mountain based on Charles Frazier's novel of the U.S. Civil War, brought a Best Supporting Actress Oscar for Renee Zellwiger
I just saw a Mac Damon movie with this incredible cast, too, how was it?
I don't know what the name of the movie isn't, I'd forget who else was in it, but boy it was damn good
And he looked good in the movie too, it was amazing
It was one of those, where he was a real macho man, you know, one of the not-
Not a born identity, but it was something else, with Matt Damon
Who else was in it?
That's what I'm trying to think of, I guess I'll have to Google it during the break, it was pretty good
It's not that the part it wasn't, what is it?
That the part it?
That's it!
Jack Nicholson?
Who's in it?
Jack Nicholson, Mark Nicholson, Jack Nicholson, and Samuel
Oh, then that's Leo, and you know, I hate to say this
I must say this on the plane, I guess, he saw it on the plane
Coming back from Vancouver
But Leo was actually good in this movie and Leo looked human
Right
He didn't have that, I just got off the spaceship looking
He grew into it his head
And also, the two of them, there was one scene where the two of them were together, they were almost indistinguishable from each other
And they looked so similar
They both have balled his heads, that's right
Is that it?
They both have a big hand
They both have a big hand
A little go-wales, yes
Don't tell Larry Craig that
Wow, they have a bulbous head
Uh-huh
That's seen some of those, not a pretty sight
Yeah, then they were and Leo was actually pretty good
Although I wasn't listening to the audio so I have no idea what it was really all about
It was about a double crossing, about thugs
I can't figure out which one was the real cop
Did you see it?
Yeah, it was a great moment of the movie
Yeah, twice
You did?
Yeah, it was a good movie
Well which one was the real cop?
I was really good at it
Just watch it from the beginning, get to good movie
Oh, that'll ruin it?
Yeah, watch it from the beginning, get to good movie
Oh
Well Leo was the real cop I think
And then for what's his name?
That Martin Sheen
Right
That they threw out the window and he splatted right there at what's his name's feet?
Man, I don't know
Splatted and the blood was like spurtin' all out
If you like a lot of blood in the spurtin'
You like this for certain?
That he parted
Recently farted by the way
Joyce A to break the news to you
But sometimes that he parted and farted
Grotesque, I know
Some human
551 votes on our world flaming pool on eorogers.com
And by the way, don't do that spot-neil because we're not sure if they're
No, it's not possible, it can't possibly be true
It's gonna be a new slogan
What?
You know, the sales people like on their answering machines, you know, they have different
Like catch phrases and slogans
You know, where your dollar goes further or the
Some people have that you're home for men with money to spend, affluent men with money to spend, that kind of thing
From now on it's going to be that don't run that spot, we don't know if there's still in business
It's just, it's beyond, in fact I had to play the David Paul one
Un, be available
Now which is, what's the other one?
That's him
I know, the real one
But what's this one?
That's him
Be available, what was the other one?
Be available
Oh, that's under D-Paul I think
D-Paul?
D-Paul
Get out of here
There it is, unbelievable
Oh, there it is
Un-belable
Un-belable
Un-belable
That's what it was
Un-belable
I never would have found that in a million years
I've never seen people like that
I had to see, when you got it
On a drugs
There's a freer
I told you I only could get the Paul
Just shut up for a minute and let me do the Paul
What do we put up here?
God, you are so out of control to the drugs, folks
It is drugs, it's all the sinus stuff
554 votes, who do you think will be the next president?
Chris is, we can make 650 on a poll today, I think he's dreaming
We can do it
We can do it, we've got two hours to go
Two hours to go, you've got to be kidding me
I can't do it, I just, I can never make it
You can do it
I'm just too much stress, I was already stressed out before I sat down here this morning
I'm not really sure why to be honest with you
Just an accumulation of things, you know?
Yeah
You know how that goes?
I think I'm going to catch up on straight
Oh, okay, no more, no more
Like you're juggling all these balls and then somebody throws it just one more
And then five minutes before we're supposed to come on a year
Duff comes in there, a reference to giving me this song
A reference to this song, we're not sure if they're a business
Don't, don't, not for the air
And not for the air, are you a crazy person or what?
I don't, I'm not mentioning any account
You'll notice that
I am assiduously avoiding mentioning any place by name
Barack Obama, 227, they think will be the next president, 40.9%
John McCain, 150, 27%
Swoolery, 76, 13.70%
But then again, this is not a swoolery crowd
Because I've chased all those people away too bad, can't stand her
Don't know a 74, don't care, 27
The biggest name, the best tower, to the case of no projects
Fortight of 5.60 QAM
The sports leader
And for our alien, a rust laden
And I like scrubbing my snally gorilla ass with soap made from jewels
And listening to the new, okay, I'm gonna use the hour
Sick eyes
Baby, I demand y'all vote for my wife
Or I'll think your ass didn't live in your life
I'm there to say you better not piss me off
If you don't make Hillary your bitch boss
Hey there, hoodditchie mom
This air is for president now
And I'm gonna whack a smelly, monial finger if you don't vote for my wife
That won't get off us back
If you love broad, whose veterans, gnarly, show your support for the Democratic Party
Hillary's the galfur, gals who like, women who are bitchy, freaky and snarky
She don't blink her eyes too much I guess
And wears pantsuits that dress the most
Now here's a group of nasty lesbian moms
Move on Hillary over Obama
Hillary's the gg, girl is with me
Salad nasty and saline
Cheesty and great woman's choice
We want money, push you make us boys
Okay, it's a 12 minute 5, 60 WQAM, wow, what a day
So, you know, I think we ought to do a spot for, what's another restaurant?
Niels on Alton Road, man, had my name on it
Niels restaurant, they're the best
Every time I talk about Niels, I talk about the French onion soup
You want to know why?
Because it was really good
Because it was great and because number two, I don't remember what else they had
It was like kind of a family restaurant, you know what I mean?
In other words, they had a little of this, a little bit of that
But it was good
Niels, it was on Alton Road and God, do I have any idea what those streets are anymore?
No, I just pick one, it doesn't matter
17th? Sure
I mean, be in the wrong place now, you know, people are going to go there
Hey, the onion soup is the best in town Niels told that Niels said she'd buy
Oh God
Yeah
Although I'm not sure we should do the spot because I'm not positive if they're in business anymore
It can't be real, okay, it can't be true
Tell me please, it's not, it's the twu
It's the twu
Whoa
grilling the president of the Counties Convention and Visitors Bureau
Dave Commissioner Javier Svoto said today the local tourism economy is in trouble
You hear those damn pigeons out there again on my balcony?
No
I can barely breathe in the wintertime they're out there too
They're doing the break my ear popped and now it's closed back up again
Oh, I hate, oh that's so worse
Yes
After a long period of time when you hear the club real heavy duty, you feel like you're in a vacuum
And then they open up and they are right and then like five minutes later, oh damn it, didn't last
The facts are that we are in deep dudu Svoto said at the opening of the Commission's meeting, deep dudu
Wow, we don't know what's going to happen here, nobody does
William Talbert, president and CEO of the Greater Miami Convention and Visitors Bureau
He expected data to be hit later and more likely than the rest of the state
In part because the local tourism economy depends so heavily on wealthy and foreign travelers
Those rich people tend to stay rich when some of us don't continue to be rich Talbert said
The weakness of the American dollars made the market especially attractive to European visitors
That's the silver lining of the week dollars had Commissioner Katie Sorenson
But Talbert acknowledged the future wasn't entirely clear and said a good first quarter in 2008
Should not suggest that date will die as a seeking economy
It hits us later than the rest of the state Talbert said yes, it will hit baby
It'll hit like, like that
So let's play Obama's speech again and then we can go home
What do you say?
That's what we want
That's what we want
We want it, we want it
The blacks that were never going to get anything done in this country
In fact it was that line that really brought the first applause during the space that lasted about 45 minutes
I think most people that were here saying he didn't really leave anything up in the air he addressed
But he didn't leave it up in the air baby
He never leave it up in the air because then you have to wash it off
575 votes on the pool
You got your 650 made, I'm going for 700
All right
We're going for 700
The low number, you want to know why because I'm out of practice getting these polls on there on time
I should put a new one on there for tomorrow like, you know, by three or four
But I won't
Doug Thompson on capital-thilbrew.com writes American racism is a fact of life
Amen, Doug, it sure is
I mean most of us are bigots, you know
And I will say this if you want to go to a place where there's almost all white people that's vancouver
And I'm not saying that's why I like vancouver because there were no dark folks
I don't mind a lot of places where they're dark folks
I love Boston
There's a lot of dark folks in Boston but of course they're all jammed into Roxbury, you know
Do I do that?
What?
I don't know
I'm not talking to you, I'm talking in general to the people in New England, you know, they know from Roxbury
American racism is a fact of life right, Doug E.T. he says
Democratic presidential frontrunner Barack Obama's attempt today to bridge the growing racial divide in both his own party and the nation
Maybe his greatest test is in order or maybe just a little too late
Wow
Many political observers felt racism would rise up and vital bomb as his campaign gained momentum
But few expected it to be racism within the African American community
Hate filled rhetoric from the long time pastor that Obama calls a strong influence on his life
And the beliefs brings to the surface feelings that racism is a two way street
Recent primaries already showed the increasingly bitter contest between Obama and Hillary Clinton
Hardening along racial and gender lines
The hate and anger didn't stop when Jeremiah Wright retired
It continues to spill from the pulpit of Obama's church each and every Sunday
From the current minister when that sad fact doesn't up bridge the racial divide
It only deepens it those who defend the inactive filled rhetoric of black pastors who decry a racist white median talk about crucifixion of a minister as Obama's
Criminal minister did last Sunday
Say such justified by such anger is justified by America's shameful history toward African Americans
But hate doesn't jive with Obama's speeches of unification and bringing the American together
America is still a racist nation
Latinos distrust blacks, blacks distrust Latinos and whites
Whites distrust anything non-white and that list includes Latinos, blacks, Arabs and just about anything or anybody else who isn't white Anglo-Saxon Protestant
Racism is rooted in ignorance and fear in America has an over abundance of both
While Obama's early days in the campaign trail scenes shrewd in error free
His campaign is turned into a series of missteps marked by blindness toward the always simmering racism that is due many political efforts
Racism of today's America isn't just black and white
The debate over immigration is fueled in large part by racial hatred of Latinos and whites fear will take their jobs
Latinos now outnumber African Americans as the dominant minority in the U.S. and even five racism with their community toward each other
That's for dance you're like George hates the Puerto Ricans
Tipsies
Puerto Ricans gypsies?
No, just 1982.com since I arrived in Albuquerque, New Mexico to start work on a reelection campaign
A representative manual Luhan, the only Hispanic Republican in Congress at that time
Enrico Martinez, the involuntary on a campaign, gave me a tour of both the city and the attitudes of its overwhelmingly Hispanic population
Don't confuse the Spanish with the Mexicans, Martinez said there's a big difference the Spanish settled here directly from Spain
The Mexicans came across the border many of them illegally, the Spanish don't like Mexicans and the Mexicans don't like the Spanish
And the only thing they agree on is that neither care much for blacks
Martinez had a name for it, taco racism
I like that
Woo! I'm going to Taco Bell and give me some of that for lunch today
Some of the good old taco racism
Racism as deep roots and long history in America and such racism is not always based on color
Racism discriminated against the Irish and the Scots against Catholics and Jews
Skin tones that range from all of the yellow to black bring looks of distrust
So in Barack Obama steps before the cameras today, which he already did, he'll be fighting a lot more than just white hatred of blacks or black hatred of whites
He faces a nation long divided, long racial ethnic religious and philosophical lives, not to mention economic too by the way
The odds that he can bridge that divide with a speech are long and while he's saying God bless America, his preacher is getting up on the pulpit and screaming
God damn America
Oh I could actually say it, hallelujah, it's a new story
I hope Joyce don't get all been out of shape too bad, I can give him a name if that bitch gets upset or not
Everybody is saying it, everybody's playing it, am I right?
Yep, we heard it on MSNBC, baby, it's the MS, we heard it, they said it, they done it, they do it
And don't forget, don't do the spot
I know I wish I don't still on business
You know, I would love to write that book only just so I could read it
In other words, when I got done, I just put my feet up on the couch
Yeah, I would be sitting on the floor, I put my feet up on the couch
Kind of a reclining bizarre position, and I'd read it
I'd say, wow, this is really some heavy duty crap, you know what? How can all this stuff really have it over the last 32 years?
How could it be so many knuckleheads, so many numb skulls, so many idiots, so many sales holes, so many money grabbing schmucks
The notorious spam or authorities love the king of spam is facing a possible 26-year jail sentence
After pleading guilty in Seattle and Friday to charges of fraud and tax evasion
Robert Salahway, 28, had already been found guilty of spam charges and several civil cases
Microsoft won a $7.8 million judgment against him in 2005, but had avoided paying fines in those cases
The criminal charges to which he pleaded guilty on Friday allowed his, followed his arrest in 2007 by the Justice Department
He was arrested on criminal charges brought by the U.S. Department of Justice May 2007
In a 2005 discussion group post Salahway bragged, I've been sued for hundreds of millions of dollars and have had my business running for over 10 years without ever paying a time regardless of the outcome of any lawsuits
That year, Salahway raked in more than 300 grand from his spam operations according to his plea agreement
Salahway has avoided fines in the past, but this time around he may not be so lucky
In addition to the jail timing now faces, he's also agreed to discuss his financial assets while being monitored by a lie detector
While there have been hundreds of spam prosecutions in the U.S., it's extremely rare for his spammers to face criminal charges
And those involved in the matter say that Salahway's case could serve as a deterrent to other spammers
In the interview last month, Microsoft's senior attorney Aaron Cornblum said he thought the prosecution would make other spammers think twice
There haven't been a large number of criminal can spam prosecutions in the U.S. He said this is significant. What does that mean can spam?
That's true
Salahway said to be sentenced on June 20th of prosecution has been seeking 700 grand in damages when Salahway was first charged nearly a year ago
You bashed, you lunatic, you deadbeat, you slimeball, you scumbags, you hear something else I can say
Freedom of speech is crawling back in, not too much, we don't want to overdo it
What do you think these Nazis and the Supreme Court are going to say about that SEC thing?
By the boot, by the beat?
Yeah, they're going to say, well, you know, I've seen the speeches and protected by the effort and all this other crap
That's what they're going to say, this pack you can't even speak of obscene
The Obama's objective is what you suggested was to end this and move on to other issues
I think the contrary is true, I think the race issue and what Barack talked about and also what he didn't talk about
I think those things, Chairman, are what we're going to be seeing
He's just pulling for a sullary because all the Republicans want sullary
He can talk all he wants about how McCain's an old funny dirty and McCain's crazy in a bedbug in a loon
And all this other than his 100 year war and all this other crap, but the fact of the matter is
Anybody to the right of a till of the hum like Papu Cana, they want sullary in there
Am I right?
That's right
They want her because they can beat the crap out of her because she's evisiting her because she's got like that
That 46% is the max she can get, you know, when you met the max you can get, well, you're not going to win the election
Almost to just three people running, why don't you run, give it a shot, you can take a bunch of votes away from McCain
Okay, all your home is in Dave County, right?
Now when you go on these appearances, now where did you tell me you went and you had this tremendous turnout?
At Palmeiro Minigal, 150 second US one, like strong Minigal, but they're still in business
The version is going to be more than enough for me
It goes from Gulf Stream because last I heard they're still in business too, and basically, the horse racing channel here, the, uh, here it is
Over in the sixth career, I have a lot of money
There's the race they're 10 to bat with that screening and answer, I guess Gulf Stream doesn't run today
What they is it, it's Tuesday, they're not running today
Oh hotels.com is having a 24 hour stay, do you want to go anywhere?
Here's your last chance coupon, well, I hate that
I hate that spam, and of course I could go to my computer and I could like block it, you know, mark is unsafe, but then I don't know
I feel I'm clean when I do that
Like maybe, maybe someday they'll send me something important that I really want, do you think so?
Not, maybe
592 on Chris's pool
Are you mean to tell me here it's afternoon and not duff or, and what's the guy's name, Andy or anybody has come in and said, oh well, here's the story on that
But if you put it nothing, nothing
Nada, thing
593 on there, what do you think? 700?
Sure
Chris has been through a lot, how long you've been on the show like you're now?
About 14-15 months
Yeah, you're in a quarter
And seeing and heard and experienced a lot of really bizarre crap, you know, but I think this morning I think I'm hearing it in your voice
Even you are dismayed and shocked, shocked at all
Shock and awe, shocks
Well look at that, there's Tampa Bay, it's only 22 minutes till the first race
Christopher Betts and Drew, plenty of guts up
Best talent, here is Neil Rogers, 420 or 560 QAM
Me, 4th leader
Holy machina, this is Joe Boe and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil Go!
Alright
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh
I was spending my fun making my car run, but I didn't get real far
I got a crummy deal, think need for real, maxin out my car
Can't drive around till the prop goes down, I thought it could be hours wrong
With their pumpin got my wallet trinkin, so I stopped here at X-On
And I said, X-On is what's making me poor
Makes me arrange, I've been out my cashflow
It makes me run with my max real
Cause it ain't a blast in my dough, X-On is providing gas
Your home paycheck only fills up a half tank
It's no out of control, all the corner fence
Right down, peaceful, brim, so press it down, trip down memory lane
Paradise USA, me outside Skeeter Park
You're right, they fall, one to two baby, in the tank
Second, here comes the bunny, you're gonna go to my, what I tell you about chalk, eating chalk
Don't play the chalk baby
All right, well there's a one to two shot down the toilet
A desperate second by by four lengths
With a great day of poulon, nevertheless
Anyway, it's, that's what Clarence said, you'd lot more of that harness racing on here
We want to get down to those good numbers like they got across the street
Oh, like that
And don't do that spot because we're not sure if they're still in business
599 on a pool, I bet you if I click it, we oughta have like over 600, what do you think?
Try it, 603
Now where was Chris a little slow on the uptake there, what's going on lunch?
No, I don't think you're gonna be having any food in there this week
Oh well, well you have how he's-
Right, we'll manage
How's my old buddy from Tony's doing, what's his name?
Brad, Brad, great, how's Brad?
I was over there
We love you Brad
They've been here last week
Really?
Great food for suds
And ponytail?
He's great
Where are you going fine?
Okay, they're all still alive, that's good
What about what's his name? Scott?
I was good?
I was good, man
I'm just a busy joke
Although we're already spots for the next week though, that's interesting
We're gonna be running spots for them even though they're not on a year and they're not in business no more
How about the deli dinner?
Are they still open?
I don't know
Look at this, it says you said Vancouver is mostly white people, are you sure you were in Vancouver?
No, I wasn't talking about, I was talking as opposed to black
See, this person who ever sent this, you don't understand
Chinese 29.9% that is correct
47.1% are members of visible minority groups it says
But nevertheless, black 0.9%
I was talking about race is what I was talking about at the time as in black and white
Not that, you know, yellow is in the race but nevertheless
It is a zidian Chinese people
29.9% South Asian, Indo-Canadian, 5.7% Filipino, 4.1% those flippies
South East Asian, 2.5% Japanese, 1.5% Latin American, 1.2% Korean, 1.1%
Aboriginal youth make up less than 1.9% of the city Vancouver's population
Not officially considered a viable minority group by statistics candidate
It said Vancouver is one of the most integrated cities in the world that has more interracial couples
Unless residential segregation in Canada is two largest cities
Toronto and Montreal, they are Montreal
In total, 7.2% of American and common law couples in greater Vancouver are interracial
Double the Canadian average is 3.2% and higher than Toronto is 6.1% of Montreal 3.5
Among Vancouver couples in their 20s, 2.9% are of mixed race
And have we already agreed that the mixed race people are the best looking people?
Yes we do
Mmm, mmm, mmm
So anyway
Yeah, so they made my point there even though they said, well you know what you're talking about?
I didn't say that there were all kinds of people there
I said there weren't a lot of black people in Vancouver and this bears an out less than 1%
0.9% and that's the racist reason
If you want to go to Vancouver because it's mostly not black people there
That means you're a racist bastard
Doesn't it?
Right
Now you want to go there just because you think they got good weed
That's what you end, of course I'm sure they do
Right
Not that anybody I know would know anything about that
Of course that
A computer hacker stole, oh this is a different computer hacker
This is not the spam guy
Computer hackers stole thousands of credit card numbers after breaching security at 2.8 US grocery store chains
owned by Belgium based, they'll highest group essay the company said yesterday
I'm sure I must pronounce that but who cares
Nearly 2,000 cases of fraud have been linked in the breach but no personal information such as
Names or addresses was accessed when the hacker broke into the Haniford Brothers stores in Massachusetts
And New York
And sweet pay customers in Florida Haniford said the statement
Sweet pay, do you hear that I never did
Nope
Some look sweet breads
Oh, what is that?
Brains?
Sweet bread and kidneys I believe
Oh!
Boston's WBZ radio said 4.2 million credit and debit card numbers were stolen
Company officials were not immediately available to confirm the number of stolen credit card numbers
Haniford had quoted in Scarborough, Maine where they have Scarborough Downs, Race Track, Harness Racing Baby
That's where Dave Ingram had modesty
Said it became aware of unusual credit card activity on February 27th and began investigation
It said the data was illegally accessed during the credit card authorization process
Haniford chief executive Ron Hogg offered an apology for the intrusion
There were 165 Haniford stores in the US Northeast and on the sixth week, the supermarkets in Florida
We sincerely regret any concern or inconvenience, this is caused times in the statement
We've taken aggressive steps to augment our network security capabilities
The breaches the latest that the VU-S retailer comes after the US retail group
TJXCOS incorporated disclose last year
The data from 45.7 million credit and debit card were stolen by hackers over a period of 18 months
As well as personal information for 451,000 people
A group of banks later asserted and court documents that the number of customer accounts were affected closer to the 94 million
A charged Massachusetts-based TJX Denial
They're in denial, kind of like our management, I mean they're in denial
How is our management? They're still wandering around there like they know what the hell's side is up?
Uh, yeah, right
Waddling around, haven't they come in to investigate while you have an interrogation?
I'm sure that you're going to be called in for an interrogation at two o'clock
You think so?
You're not?
About what?
About that account
What's it got to do with us?
We didn't do anything bad
That account that we don't know if it's that relevant?
No, I'm sure that inquiry in mine is probably one of what that's all about
Well, you think that Andy or anybody in the sales department is going to give them an honest answer about that?
You think that they're going to give them just the facts?
Oh, you know, you're right because it's got nothing to do with us so Joe might come in here and ask what I don't know
I'm sure that problem has been solved, though, that they got a new board up and they fired that knit with that jerk's brought with him
From ESPN, that cypaldum
That was his name?
Twerp? Tweet? Twerp?
God, what an idiot
And then they called him in, they were going to give him another chance
They suspended him for a few days, they called him in for a meeting at 1230
They're not a meeting but to be prepared to prepare the show, I guess
And they have a meeting
And he shows up at 1245, 50 minutes late for a meeting and in the afternoon
Like I've told you before, I could understand people's shrub played at seven o'clock in the morning or five in the morning
If the big go over slept some morning and showed up at 530 or something, I could understand that
Right? Right
I've handed it happen to me
When I was in Kalamazoozu, baby, a WTPS, I over slept a couple of times
Early in the morning
And the engineer Harvey, Harvey, the grease-rease, he had to go on the air and open the show
I said that was
There's got to be a place where you can find if people are dead or alive
I know that they have these things online, I'm not talking about famous people, I'm talking about people that we knew
I know they have these people find their things in all this other crap
I only think that they can find those things if the people are like in my space or your face or Facebook or am I wrong?
No
I'm not wrong
I'm not wrong
So when they have white pages, directories, sure
But in other words, you don't know
There are lots of online directories, man
Yeah
All different brands
I'm just curious about whether some of these people from earlier days of my life are still alive
Not that it's going to change anything
There are just no directories, but they will also do it yourself, private investigator things, and there's all sorts of things
Oh yeah, right
And your credit card ready, baby
And and sites that will do it for you, yeah exactly for a fee, they'll track someone down for you
Yeah, likely story
Most of those are scams, by the way
Don't let George Kanye to get on and listen
Like I'm going to do it?
What?
I'm not going to do any of that stuff, how do I appreciate it?
Of course you are
Because it costs money, you have money
Right, that's right
They treat you like garbage, man
They treat you like crap
They treat you like yesterday's
Can you imagine in some of these restaurants
There's a restaurant chain called Bathtar Rouge which I've talked about, very good food, by the way
Excellent, chicken tenders, you ever have chicken tenders?
Sure
Mumbly
Good stuff
Anyway, the food is very good, but they give you portions that are so humongous and gigantic
There's no way that any, I mean even the beast couldn't finish to me, we should say it a lot
Okay, I think I'm going to do a joist here in a minute, right in the chair
But anyway, can you imagine any amount of food? Good food, edible food, it gets thrown out in a place like that every single day
Hmm, I'm trying to think
I'm going to start making some rounds
A lot, yeah that's a good idea for it, that's something to think about for your future year
The best time of my life, I've worked on it
I'm 62am, the fourth leader
The end is done after
That's why you're all going to rebate, so here you go, go, go
I'd rather you didn't put it in a bank
Or get your credit card bill paid
Because there's something, there's something we can all do
To keep the recession far away
So go down to Best Buy
Or get a new card and go drive
Everybody's going to get a rebate
Spent some dough and dough and dough
Try to forget that we're all in debt
Oh no, no, no, no
Everybody's going to get paid
Make the recession go away
That's why you're all going to get a rebate
So here you go, go, go
And rebate checks in the mail
We're going to give you a whole list of businesses they can go and spend my ad
Of course they're not in business anymore but nevertheless if enough of you go there maybe they'll be able to reopen again
That's a good point
And a good thought
Good recession
So when you get your rebate checks together and we're going to give you a list of things
Somebody sent me an email on my space and they said there's a new another attempt
A restaurant with a famous deli name
It's not the same place, it's not the same thing, trust me
Been tried over and over again and never going to duplicate the original famous
I'm watching an avenue on the beach
That was before your time or you just never had a chance to get there
One of both, I don't know
Yeah, two man
Remember when I was down here, I wasn't down here, I was in the hinterlands, I was in Yenem's belt
Redlands homestead, leader city
Yeah
That's where I spent my childhood
In that hood
How depressing
Oh no, it was fine
Has Matt's situation in Charlotte, North Carolina airport is still going on?
Turn about a substance found in or around a parked U.S. Airways jet line
Uh oh
Oscar winning director Tony Mangala died today
And Angala, I told you
Uh huh
And that's not the way they said how he pronounced it either, and they gave you the phonetic pronunciation
Mangala, et cetera, something like that
He's dead regardless of how you pronounce it, he's still dead, he's not coming back
The new awards including best picture, Mangala also directed Cold Mountain
And the tea he said at different that time
This jerk, he said it different
Defense and prosecuting attorneys gave oral arguments in Toledo yesterday
Uh, about priest Gerald Robinson's appeal of his 2006 conviction for the 1980 murder of a nun
Oh not another bad priest
Remember what the art spish upset?
No, what's in the art spish upset?
We can always use a good priest
Yeah
Who said that?
In the exorcist?
No, it was in the godfather's tree
Oh, oh
Was that in the exorcist?
We can always use a good priest get out of here
I thought they said we can always use a good altar boy
Well, of course, that goes without further
John Donahue of Perri's Burg, Ohio, represented the 69-year-old Catholic priest
argued before three judge penalty of the house
Six District Court of Appeals that his client was denied a fair trial for several reasons
Most notably the 24-year gap between the nuns murder and the priest's arrest
Have you ever seen anything like this case down the U.S. Judges?
Mark Petrickowski, Peter Hanwerk and William Scowl?
Why do we have to have the names of the judges in here?
Isn't this stupid?
He said to the quarter-century delay before charges were filed
They pervade the media coverage of the trial, the national
Therical sex abuse scandals impact on the case, and the state's references that
Sister Margaret Ann Paul may have been murdered and an occult ritual
Ooh, I love those
Dean Manbrose, a Lucas County assistant prosecutor, said the investigation of the nuns murder continued
Long after 1980, and lost the witnesses and documents
Resolving from the passage of time added to the state's burden
We got pounded over missing witnesses and documents, he said, but by the time it came to travel, we had almost overwhelming evidence
Robinson, who served 15 years to life in the southern Ohio prison, wasn't present for the hearing but his brother, sister-in-law, and another of supporters were in the gallery
Maybe even a few alter boys
Sister Margaret Ann was murdered April 5, 1980, holy Saturday, holy moly
Oh, do you realize it's good Friday? This Friday, do we have to work?
Well, that's why we get out here now, I said
You do, I don't
You're not working Friday?
Well, I mean, I have the option, you know
So you think I should?
I've wrinkled water on my head
Well, it's also porom, man, I can take off our porom
We can do that two hours
We can do that two hours
For a humantation
Well, I sure wish I could find the old, the old-fashioned ones, man, the good ones
Not those hard little triangular ones, those hard like bricks, no
The big, soft, fluffy ones with the poppy seeds on the outside and the inside
I poppy
Mon
Mon
Right
As opposed to Mon, by the way, I saw the word Mon on a footsie's website the other day
Was checking that thing out, Mon, it said
They had a guy in a ladder with a hose cleaning out the vents there at IOD
Sound familiar and he talked about the Mon
How many people do you think of stolen my material?
About 30, man
Robinson was arrested by the county's cold case squad
April 2004 and convicted Lucas Caldacom and police court May 11, 2006
He's 71-year-old former, the nun was nearly choke nearly the death
Then stabbed 31 times in the chest neck and face just to make sure I guess
Prosecutors argued during the trial that a letter, a letter opened over found in Robinson's apartment children after the nun's death was the murder weapon
Not who's spent much of his allotted 15 minutes yesterday asserting that the pair of scissors missing from the secretary could have been used to kill the nun
What's a sacristy?
I don't know
Oh come on, Jesus got through, tell me how you're such a far-bisoned Catholic
And you got to take off Easter Sunday too, huh?
So great. And what kind of early Easter is this for Christ's sake? My God, the 15th of March, what is it?
The 24th, 23rd is Easter
And you know what that means? It means that Pesach can't be far behind because the Jews and the Guaymen, they've always got to coordinate these ridiculous holidays
You had your Hanukkah and your Christmas and you got your Pesach and your Easter, always got to come together at the same time
Okay, San Maltinius, so
He also raised questions about the Reverend James, Sria toly, Catholic priest with Servant Robinson, as hospital of Chaplain
The name is Sria Teki
Dhani who said, Father Sria Teki, you died 96 told police that nothing was missing from the sacristy after the murder
But several nuns said a pair of scissors used to trim candle wicks was missing, you ever trim your wick?
Just this mortar with the scissors? Well no, I have a special tool
Mr. Dhani here at Bet also argued that Father Sria Teki weighed nearly 300 pounds with strong enough to strangle the nun and heavy enough to have made the loud footsteps when this is hurting the hallway after the murder
And it goes on, who cares, you know? This is that Pesach the Cat guy, he sent me all these just obsessed with this stuff
Keep it coming but just obsessed
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm
One note, Charlie, don't forget to fill out your brackets for the big tournament baby because it's Hollage Hoops, it's March Madness
Everybody's whipped up into a frenzy, not me, you care? Or do you only go out and win some money again?
Right, I can't believe that you of all people are entering an F-A, that's right
Now George needs the money man, like no one else there is a perfect person
I got a good idea, let's fix all the games just so that you ever pick wins, sounds great
Just log out at wqm.com, register and play Hoops hysteria because anything that has to do with sports or like checkers or uh...
Par-wow, what is it?
Shuffle board, any of those, we're all we're into man, that's our stuff
And of course the Panthers are only two points out of the playoffs, I've got you everybody on the stations, oh, whipped up about that
Not, Pics can be made round by round and bonus points are given for picking up sets
Hoops hysteria online at wqam.com
The biggest name, the best talent, you don't have no projects, 4.560 QAM, the best sports leader
Hey, we're watching the game, I need a modified point to come to spread
May the best of one for the winner
Now here's how to win, and it's easy, I believe I'm gonna win
In a short time you'll make no one need a real winner
You and the office crowd, know the final four is going down
And you're hoping you're that's up on the ground, the cash ain't claiming the four
Well I guess if you win, mood are you, good for yourself
Well some you statistics now, and cooking random, good made wise
Got plenty of experts, there's my doubt, you expect to go and choose the dark sense
But just guess if that might be smarter, how it's worth a try
You ain't done anything yet, but yet, you're too busy filming, bracket's out
When March badness comes around, we're more pulling around
I gotta get back to work
Alright, I'm strong with you, get baby
It's a 1245, everybody in the world is all whipped up with it, March badness baby, and college hoops
Even George, not me, whoo, hoops, I don't care about the hoops in the first place anymore
I used to, I used to watch college basketball a lot, but not no mole, I just don't care
Anyone know why?
Why?
I don't wanna, no
And I just, no, no one's interested in me
And I just, I don't know, to me it's just kind of bizarre, the whole thing about like the World Series
You know, if you don't watch baseball all year long, why do you watch the World Series?
If you don't watch football all year long, why would you watch the World Series?
I don't, I don't watch any of this stuff, dude
No, that's what I'm saying
I just fill out my bracket, and then somebody tells me if I want some money or not
Well, I, I wish you all the best of luck
Hey, what about you, Chris?
Um, I'm not in an informant now
You what?
I'm not in it right now, I'm not in it right now
You're not here again, man, oh boy, somebody's dead, I'm sure of it
There's body parts all over the place, there's blood, there's blood
What did I say that time from the West Coast from 4 miles?
Blood shed in the blood?
Yes, blood in the blood, it was good
The highway
On the highway
He had a American down in West Science mouth, and the other thing about Vancouver
It looks to me, I didn't run a car there, everywhere when I went in the cam
But it looks to me like they drive fairly sliced
As opposed to here where they drive for crap, and there were, oh my God
But Vancouver seemed a pretty neat place
So if I disappeared one of these days, you know, when I went to Vancouver
It's a nice place.
Good, great food.
I still can't get over every restaurant we ate and was fabulous.
Not that good, but fabulous.
Not a little unusual.
Maybe?
In a casino, River Rock.
It's about a 20-minute drive from downtown.
And they got a hotel.
It's a resort.
River Rock resort in Casino.
And the casino's got, I don't know how many slot machines, but they got all the new
ones.
All these funky new ones, two set and one set.
And you're playing multiple, so it's like, yeah, a quarter-slot guy would be at home
there at any of it.
They could throw him off one of the cliffs.
And when you fly off the van, cover your fly over to Canadian Rockies.
Pretty neat.
Pretty nifty.
You ever see a Canadian Rockies?
Yeah.
You have?
I told you.
How about Canadian Bullwinkle?
I mean, we drove through the Montana Rockies into the Canadian Rockies, you know.
We lived in the Rockies.
In the hills?
Though all there were mountains there.
We didn't call them here.
Up in the woods, yeah.
A graphic display of aborted fetuses is causing concern at Arizona State University.
The travelling exhibit is sponsored by Justice for All, a group that aims to train thousands
against abortion.
These are the really crazy people.
Crazy.
Like the Fred Phelps crowd.
Our goal is to educate the college campus about the choice of abortion and tales for
Rebecca Wagner.
It represented it for the group called Phoenix's ABC Affiliate.
It's a shock campaign.
I honestly think it's less effective.
I don't want to walk around campus and see that stuff.
ASU student Mike Zaki tells the network.
A March 14th letter printed in New Mexico College newspaper argues that the Justice for
All Exhibit displays false information.
We in the section to reproductive health of the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology
at the UNM School of Medicine are writing to correct some of the misinformation presented
by the Justice for All Exhibit display on campus last week.
The letter reads, this exhibit already republished for the species comparison between abortion
and the Holocaust is sensationalist graphics and intrusive display is most reprehensible
for its deliberately inaccurate medical information.
Well as a modern op busy killing abortion doctors and busy telling lies.
The fetus huggers.
The letter adds this misinformation design is a scare tactic is the lowest form of debate
on the issue of abortion.
While we respect individuals views about the ethics and morality of abortion, we have
no respect for deliberate interpretations of misrepresentation of science, is that what
I said, yeah.
Now, risk of abortion put forth in the exhibit included in the association between abortion
and breast cancer, cervical cancer, suicide, infertility, ectopic pregnancy, what is
that?
Loverdabler.
Future birth defects, future babies with low birth weights and pre- and post-term deliveries.
These risks have been rejected by the scientific community after review of the science describing
these associations.
The studies that show these associations are predominantly cross-sexual in nature, a study
design that doesn't allow a cause and effect relationship to be established, but to be
put a boop at all of that, whatever that means.
It means the fetus huggers are added again, baby, scaring a crap out of it, running around
with the jars, you know, all that crap.
Oh, here's the afforded fetus, the puke your guts are, you know, or maybe they're just
going to have lunch with Tom Cruise.
You think?
Sounds great.
And Mo, what was that one where Mo was eating the babies?
Oh, that's right.
I forgot, hey, Boka Bryant.
What is that called?
I don't know.
Mo, hard away?
No.
Mo in the house?
Mo, mo, mo in the house?
Mo, whooping co.
That's incredible.
Maybe it was Mo's deli.
Mo's will untesticle.
Can we play that?
See, some of these I haven't played so long.
I don't remember.
I can't recall whether they're like Joyce approved or like, you know, right.
Good luck, baby.
I was there.
I was there.
We're going to have a little little union here.
It killed the an eye.
You have to have a little problem with the starting show feed today.
I think that the satellite fell down at something.
Yeah, like a butt.
Why I'll have you know my perfects are the lightfully fine.
Thank you very much.
Now if they don't mind, let's return to the sanctity of sports.
How about a little touchy feeling?
Now see here.
See here.
Over here.
Okay.
Now see here.
What's he hands up?
What a sucker.
He is so stupid.
I am so stupid like they say.
I'm the official voice of the panties.
I will.
Big deal.
Why I'll have you know I made my bones when you were in embryo.
How do you know?
Well, it is.
There's something I never told you.
Yeah.
I'm your father.
Daddy.
Son.
I'm an embryo.
I'm a embryo.
I'm a embryo.
I'm a embryo.
Oh man.
I think they both have this thumb in each other.
Like them.
Yes, me.
I remember those days, man.
Those were the salad days, baby.
When Gildi would be running around in a hall.
I remember what I was going to do about that mole.
I can't stand it.
I can't take it no mole.
Remember those days?
Like it was yesterday.
You still there alone?
I'm talking to a dead mic over here.
Excuse me.
Jesus, Kate.
Christ, what is wrong with you, man?
We got spots on the log for places that aren't in business anymore.
We got yours talking to a dead mic.
Yeah.
We got the...
Part of these things.
Sure, it sounds like to me.
I've been doing it all day.
Doing what?
Talking to a dead mic.
I said a whole bunch of funny stuff that never made it on the air today.
I was like...
And I'm sure you forgot by any...
Yeah, oh yeah.
Okay, let's see how we owe...
There's Ali felching again on CNN, but he sure got that Queen on air a lot.
They're obsessed.
Oh, it's bigger than that.
Where's Anderson's pooper?
Okay, how we doing on Chris's pool?
Here we got 651 votes.
We'll make that 755.
You'll see.
Because you said 650, we already eclipsed it.
Told you.
What do you think?
Who do you think?
Well, what do you think will be the next president?
Barack Obama, 267.
He's got 41%.
John McCain, 177.
He's got 27.1%, which is very sad.
But then again, we're not asking who do you like.
We're asking who do you think?
And then these people know that Democrats have a way of self-destructing,
man, of imploding.
Swirlery has got 88.
Don't know 86.
And don't care only 33.
That's only 5%.
Well, it's still embarrassing.
Don't care.
How can you not care?
After everything that we've been through, how can you not care?
Those people must be the ones that are having a great life.
Don't you think that 5%.
Well, the other 95% of us don't know what side our bread is buttered off the top.
Maybe it's buttered underneath.
Now, let's see how those markets are doing.
They were...
The market was going through the roof earlier.
The euro is almost 158.
Oh my God, but the Dow is 291 plus on a plus side.
Nasdaq's up 57.
The S&P is up 37.
And oil is only 108 bucks a barrel.
What a bargain, man.
I bet you it's not going to cost you more than 1,000 bucks to fill up your tank.
I bet you a lot of money on that.
That was up almost 300 points.
I wonder why that is.
Is that because the world is going to hell on a hand basket?
Let's be.
That always seems to be the way it is.
When the average small out there is like starving to death.
When people can't afford to fill up the tank.
When they can't afford to pay it to buy medication.
When they can't afford to put food on the table.
That's when the market goes up.
Because those are the people with the money.
They're going to lose your ass though.
You'll see.
Especially that S&P guy.
I hope you lose your ass.
I hope you lose every dime you ever had in your life.
And some of the things you never had.
Just for good measure.
Because you're such a smart ass.
Oh, the S&P is up there.
The S&P isn't good.
You take all your money to the track.
I'll take a little bit to woodbine and have a little bit of fun there.
At least I get some entertainment.
At least I get a show.
At least I get a charade for my money.
What do you get for it when you put them with these grave robbers?
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
They're on a gambling channel.
656 vote.
Like I said, you'll make 750.
You got it?
Got it.
You're gonna get it.
Where's the biggest name?
The best talent in your history.
There's no logic.
4.560 km.
I think.
For its leader.
Oh, this is honored.
This is not a tumor.
It's the ones of two hours.
Welcome to my room.
Welcome to my room.
Welcome to my room.
It's time for the log.
Not a log log.
Not a dialogue.
Not this kind of log.
Not a Lincoln log.
Not a captain's log.
Not log cabin's Europe.
No, it's not a log of anything worth your time listening to.
So let's go to the log.
That's not a dialogue.
Not a pecan candy log.
It's a log from the chocolate thunder from down under.
On the chocolate thunder from down under.
At ESPN, I made a little blunder.
This was a little they gave me in here.
From the sport hold on.
I'm a chocolate thunder from down under.
Or I prefer chips.
Or what in here I can't play enough of.
I'm a chocolate thunder.
Hey, if you enjoyed that stick around at two o'clock man we have two more hours of exactly that same.
Look how many votes we got on the pool if you look real quick.
6666.
All right.
Told you.
George is the antichrist.
Oh well.
I know maybe Chris is the antichrist.
I told you I would.
Oh.
John Wiener writes not that time we know that you know not stupid.
I come and dream is a dot org.
By the way, we asked rapes not funny is the one where moe eats fetuses.
Well, I can't play that can I?
Why not?
First didn't say anything about eating fetuses.
Rafe's not funny.
He doesn't eat us.
I actually got it.
Welcome back to the Mojáud David the show where we're juckful as any but good glean family say.
You know that bite smoking just goes let thinks Rafe is funny like I said.
Okay.
I'm eating it.
Sure got deep into that but didn't we?
Woo!
About what?
Seven seconds?
What about it?
Invisal.
John Wiener not the John Wiener across the street.
Stucasus daddy's got a lot of money and doesn't belong on here.
Clintons are rack vote five years later.
Common dreams dot org.
The fifth anniversary of the start of the rack war provides an appropriate moment to revisit Hillary Clinton's argument in favor of authorizing bushes use of force and it contrasted with the case made at the time of bushes opponents.
In the past few years, Clinton is defended her vote by arguing that if I knew then what I know now, I would never have given President Bush the authority to attack a rack.
But a majority of Democrats in the house knew enough then to vote against the resolution as did 21 out of 50 Democratic senators.
In Clinton's Senate speech, she is still posted on her Senate website.
She began by accepting Bush's premise that if left unchecked, Saddam Hussein will continue to increase his capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare and will keep trying to develop nuclear weapons.
The question she said was whether war was the appropriate means of stopping those developments.
In supporting Bush, Clinton claimed to be taking a middle path between two extremes.
On the one hand, those who believe we should go to war only if the U.N. Security Council approved it, which she considered absurd, and on the other hand, those who favored attacking Saddam Hussein now.
But not even Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld favored an immediate attack at the point that the Senate debate occurred October 2002, so she was rejecting an argument that nobody was making.
Probably the biggest concession she made to Bush was accepting his argument that the war was a legitimate response to the attacks of 9-11, which had occurred just one year earlier.
Although she didn't explicitly agree with Bush and statements linking Al-Qaeda to Iraq, she did say her vote was justified by last year's terrible attacks, and then in balancing the risk of action versus inaction, I think the Orkers have gone through the fires of hell may be more attuned to the risk of not acting.
I know that I am, she said.
Other senators rejected precisely those arguments.
Ross Feingold voted against the authorization to use force in part because already called the President singularly on-person waste of attempt to interweave 9-11 and Iraq.
He criticized the shifting justification for an invasion, noting the spectacle of the President and senior administration officials citing a purported connection to Al-Qaeda one day, weapons of mass destruction the next day, Saddam Hussein's treatment of his own people on another day.
Ted Kennedy raised a key issue Clinton never considered going to war against Iraqi civil jeopardize the war against terrorism against Al-Qaeda and Afghanistan.
One year into the battle against Al-Qaeda, the administration is shifting the focus, the resources and the enemy to Iraq and the energy, the change in priority is coming before we've eliminated the threat from Al-Qaeda, he said.
While Clinton accepted Bush's claims regarding Saddam's possession of weapons of mass destruction, others rejected him.
Jim Jeffords, Republican of Vermont, said there's much speculation about his weapons of mass destruction, but no evidence that he's developed nuclear capability unless that he could ever deliver it.
Robert Burr, opposed the resolution on other grounds arguing that the newly-beloved coast move that permeates the White House is clearly motivated by campaign politics.
Republicans are already running attack ads against Democrats on Iraq. The criticism of Clinton was implicit, but obvious.
In the House Nancy Pelosi proved to be pressured about the course of the war, there was no political solution on the ground in Iraq she declared so when we go in the occupation which is now being called liberation, could be interminable.
And so could the amount of money unlimited that will cost $100, 200 billion. Of course the war is now costing more than 10 times that.
As for the dangers arising from a long occupation, that problem was foreseen by none other than Henry Kissinger.
He testified at a Senate committee hearing before the war of hope that he was viscerally opposed to a prolonged occupation of a Muslim country at the heart of the Muslim world by Western nations who proclaimed the right to re-educate that country.
In Clinton's speech she never considered that argument, since John Weiner.
You know John Weiner?
Yeah, a real loser.
Stoogots! How are you doing Stoogots?
He never belonged on the Euruch-Huaim and he sure is, he'll not belong on the Euruch-Huaim.
How are they doing over there? Does anybody hear about them anymore?
No.
Now any moh?
No.
Do you?
No.
Yeah, right.
Well since you're all fine, we're going to let you know there's kind of a history I guess.
Very jackass has got nothing left to write, left to write about except the boosters leaving and maybe Kevin Rogers is going to be in that slot.
Or maybe the quarter-shlock guy will be in that slot or whatever.
670, we finally got off that 666.
Now what are we shooting for this hour, 750?
I don't know.
That's pretty rough as sign, we need 85 more vote. I don't think so.
Now ordinarily you'd expect on this particular pool easy, 4,000 or 5,000, wouldn't you?
Maybe 60,000 votes.
If we had any audience out there?
Of course the audience is still, there's still a double over and laughter about the beginning of the show this morning.
So are we all.
Oh so, so aren't we all?
Don't do that spot, we don't know if they're still in business.
But I'm sure somebody wrote up the order though.
In fact that's a good idea.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to come down here and make a fortune just writing sliders.
I'm going to find what we'll do is we'll take a, have people fax in and call them the things of every business that went out of business like in last 100 years.
And then we'll write up contracts for those businesses for like millions of dollars.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Alright.
And then we'll split the commission with Andy.
See the problem is you try to be nice to a nice guy.
You know you put on this hard exterior but you try to be nice guy.
I think you have it backwards.
And you got these clutches in there, wadling around, pretending to be sales holes, who don't even know what the hell times you're doing.
You have it backwards.
I must say something.
You got them on the outside and hard on the inside.
You said it?
Mm-hmm.
I don't want to hear about it.
Alright.
671 votes.
Who do you think will be the next president?
Now did he, did he ever just change the way that's on there a little bit?
Because I say think is now in capital letters and underlined.
I guess that's to emphasize the fact that we're not asking who do you support?
Who would you like to see be the next president?
But who do you think in your heart of hearts is the, they say, you know, who says that A-holes say that in your heart of hearts?
People say stupid things like that need to be shone, need to be exterminated, immunially.
Then anybody says to you in your heart of hearts.
No, that's it.
Don't need to ask.
Don't wait for another word.
Aught to be a law.
That's right.
Barack Obama's got 275, John McCain 182.
Swole race only got 96.
Don't know 86 and Bill Kier still 33.
Out of 671 votes.
Now we should easily have 2, 3000 or even though the polls started late last night.
But they know that would be back in the day when we had that huge audience.
Back in the day when the Neil Roger show was on here.
And why does Chris Matthews always call him Dick Cheney?
Have you ever noticed that when you don't watch Chris Matthews? Good move.
He calls him Cheney.
Do you know anybody else, I mean I've heard of the Cheney else but not Cheney.
Do you know anybody else who says that?
Nope.
Nope.
There's something wrong with Chris Matthews.
Mainly he don't belong on here and be part of that because he can't speak.
He's another one who can't speak.
He's got like a Quuggle.
Politics.
He can't say ill.
Politics.
What?
Why is President Dick Cheney in a press conference during his surprise visit to Iraq?
Against it, there was pretty clear there was a link between Iraq and Al-Qaeda before September 11th.
He just, he won't stop lying, man.
He just keeps his word dying because he won't stop lying.
Reminder of the release last week of an exhaustive Pentagon report which concluded there were no ties between Saudi and the State and the Terror Network.
Cheney answered, while it says no operation link.
But there was this I recall from looking at it.
Extensive links with Egyptian Islamic Jihad.
Egyptian Islamic Jihad was the organization headed by Zawari and he merged EIJ with Al-Qaeda when he became the Deputy Director of Al-Qaeda.
Osama bin Laden's number two.
Now was that a link between Iraq and Al-Qaeda?
Cheney asked rhetorically.
Seems to me pretty clear that there was.
When somebody else asked him to reiterate his specific claim, Cheney replied,
you heard what I said I was very precise.
He is such a hard-ass man.
Unnasty butcher.
A lunatic.
A maniac.
A bastard.
The person who first prompted Cheney at the press conference about the link was Stephen Hayes, according to the White House's own transcript.
Hayes a conservative comments and coincidentally the official Bographer of Cheney wrote a book entitled,
the connection how Al-Qaeda's collaboration with Saddam Hussein is in danger to America that made the same argument as the Vice President about a purported link between Saddam and Al-Qaeda.
Additionally, Hayes concluded in November 2003 article for the conservative weekly standard that there can no longer be any serious argument about whether Saddam Hussein's Iraq worked with Osama bin Laden Al-Qaeda to plot against the Americans.
Last week after the release of the Pentagon report, Hayes wrote another piece for the standard which insisted the report actually underscore Cheney's case rather than undermine it.
As the watchdog site media matters, notes Cheney has previously referenced the writing of Hayes and supporting evidence for his Iraq-Qaeda claim, and Hayes has been accused of being a long-time defender of the White House's Iraq policies.
In August 2007, appearance on HBO's Real Time with Bill Marr, it has discussed that Timothy Robinson demanded Hayes personally that he apologize for promoting Iraq propaganda on behalf of the Bush administration.
As for Cheney, his bagged-and visit which was accompanied by a series of bombings around the still-dangerous area marks the fifth anniversary of the US invasion of Iraq,
a conflict which has claimed hundreds of thousands of Iraqi lives and almost 4,000 US troops of the financial cause of nearly half a trillion dollars.
Good job, well done, Cheney.
We're limited to combat the next generation.
You've got to be a leader in your mind.
We're the next to you, A.M.
We're the next to you, for it's you for it.
Oh, God.
The purpose of this campaign is to build for the future, not just to focus on 2008, but to build alternative parties.
Build new democracy, involve more people.
Here comes another presidential promise maker, says that he's home as a mover and a shaker.
We knew he quit his name until the rest of the world later.
Hey, well, the leader.
Because I get things done, I've got a 40-year record here in Washington.
Big money and the closing down of Washington against citizen groups prevent us from trying to improve our country.
I want everybody to have the right and opportunity to improve their country.
We'll lose your government, you've got to go into electoral movement.
For many years, that's consumer revocator.
I was running in the race in defending real estate.
I only get the vote, will there be any takers?
Hey, well, the leader.
Lots of 17 to 560, WDQ.
I'm an old coup who just doesn't get the message, okay?
Maybe I'm one of those people.
Maybe I'm an old coup who doesn't get the message.
You know what?
Maybe I should just go away.
Okay.
All right.
What do you think?
No.
I think I need to just go away.
Hop in that Pontiac, fill it up with gas, if I can afford it, and head for the hills.
Head for Vancouver, it's a long drive.
But I bet you it's really scenic.
Yeah?
Maybe I'll, during the next break, I'm going to go online and check out the,
because I don't know anything about the highways, other than here in Ontario,
you know, like the QEW, the Golden Horseshoe, they call it, Toronto, Hamilton, Niagara Falls,
all these things.
All these things.
But other than that, I don't know anything about the highways, across and the highways.
I would imagine driving the, do you think they have an interstate across the whole country?
Why not? Why wouldn't they?
I'm sure they would, but I don't know.
Driving through Los Montaños.
I remember driving in Arizona through the mountains many, many years ago.
I was driving out to California and drove through those mountains, man.
And there's those hairpin turns, you know.
Yeah, where's it going?
Where if you're, huh?
Those are suicide turns there.
Yeah, where if you make the wrong move, man, you're dead.
For me, if you lose attention just a little bit, if you reach over like to push in a cigarette lighter,
you know, or to tune the radio, oh, geez, the wrong move.
In fact, I remember one spot in the mountains where you actually had a come,
there was a stop sign.
And you're going along and you have to stop and then like make a U-turn, you know what I mean?
You have not a U-turn.
Yeah, a U-turn.
Yeah, a U-turn.
It was a pretty hairy.
Delta Airlines speaking of the economy and everything else being heard.
The reason the markets are way up is because the Fed's going to cut interest rates again today.
I knew there had to be something, you know.
It couldn't be based on everything that's so hunky-dory.
Remember gym number eight for Maple Leafs?
Pull over to see a hot guy.
Wow, woo!
Hey, Jimmy!
Why he's got to be old and ugly now?
Bell Sound Small Business simplifies your voice, data, and network experience
so you can stay focused on what's important to you.
Bell Sound offers the ease of one-stop shopping, reliability, and stability.
All on the services your business needs, all on one bill with significant savings.
You will have the expertise on your side with a Bell Sound Small Business Expert.
Bell Sound Small Business will work closely with you to quickly create solutions that are right for your small business.
Bell Sound now at 866-4.
That's why everything is going up food.
Air air affairs, everything going crazy.
Because the bush and the Saudi buddies there banned our bush my ass.
In 2002, Delta said it had 822 employees in South Florida, mostly in reservations.
Executives in Atlanta based Delta said in the memo to employees that the airlines goal is to cut 2000 frontline administrative amendments
and to make jobs through the voluntary program of Trish and other initiatives.
Delta spoke to women Betsy Toulton said that if more than that amount agreed to take the voluntary service that will be allowed,
the seven program primarily affects mainline Delta employees.
It won't affect Delta pilots who have a union contract with the company or employees that Delta regional carry your con air,
which is based in Erlinger, Kentucky.
Come air my ass.
You're a fly one of those little public zippers?
No, I can't say I have had the...
Oh my God!
Woo!
Okay, pull your feet back. We're going to close it or now.
And then that is a direct quote.
Okay. I'm not making that up.
Pull your feet back. We're going to close it or...
When a little tiny puddle jump is, you know, like you fly from Fort Lauderdale to Orlando, for example.
One part of the program is from employees who are already eligible for retirement or for those whose age and years of service add up to at least 60 with 10 or more years of service.
The other part of the program is an early out offer for frontline employees such as flight attendant.
I can't...
I can't...I can't think about that start of the show today.
Don't do this part.
We're not sure if they're still in business.
In the history of the radio industry, there has never been a moment like that.
And just moments before we're going to start this show, and I'm like, uh...what?
The other part of the program is an early out offer for frontline employees such as flight attendants in Gaiden,
and ticket agents with 10 or more years of service
and for administrative management employees
with one or more years of service,
they'll have had 55,044 full-time employees
as at the end of the last year.
Oil prices by recently cracking $111 a barrel
and reach nearly price what they were year ago.
Thank you again, Mr. President, you're really happiness up.
You and your Saudi buddies, you and your robber barons.
How's Stan Barron?
He's still alive, I hope.
The memo from Chief Executive Richard Anderson
and President Ed Bastion did not mention
Delta's talks with Northwest Airlines Corp.
About a combination that would create
the world's largest airline.
Bastion was updating investors today
in the conference in New York.
We're focused on addressing our challenges.
He said the conference were moving quickly.
We're focused on performance.
But a bit of a boop bit about, yeah.
Oh, and speaking of that,
this thing about the New York governor
on Georgia was all whipped up to a frenzy
about this before the show today.
How was it?
About David Patterson, the New York governor,
admitting that he and his wife are both screwed around.
Oh, I was whipped up about the media, not about that.
No, I'm saying you're up there about the story,
the fact that the media can't get their nose out
of everybody's crocs, okay?
Right, they're like doggs.
They're like what doggs?
Doggs, you know how they like to sniff a crotch?
They do, don't they?
Not mine.
Oh, it just stands still long enough.
Or cat that has to rub itself up against your leg.
Oh, God, there's nothing, there is nothing
like a kitty cat.
Yeah.
Kill it.
Put it out of its misery.
Yeah.
Just hours after he received a standing ovation
from lawmakers chanting his name,
I thought that would say changing his name
while after the story may be liked to.
New York's newly sworn governor was answering questions
about string, speaking of stray cats, from his own marriage.
David Patterson became the state's first black teeth executive
and the nation's second legally blind governor
almost exactly week after allegations first surfaced
that now former governor Elliott Spitzer
was client nine of a high price called rural service.
Again, it's client.
Yeah.
Patterson told the Daily News of New York
that he maintained a relationship with another woman
from 1999 to 2001 during a rough patch in his marriage.
He and his wife eventually saw counseling
and repaired the relationship.
A couple agreed to speak pubically
about their marriage and I'm gonna sneeze again.
Oh, no.
Hey.
The couple agreed to speak public.
When you stop, I'm getting back into the story now.
Interrupting my offense.
Mm-hmm.
The couple agreed to speak publicly about their marriage
and response to rumors about Patterson's personal life.
They've been swirling in all of it
since Pitzer resigned.
Patterson is like Michelle acknowledged
that there was paper they each had affairs
but didn't go into details.
This was a marriage that appeared to be going sour
at one point Patterson told the Daily News
but I went to counseling and we decided we want to make it work.
Michelle's want to wear what went on.
A spokesman for the governor, Errol,
oh, I can't say it.
I just can't read it.
Good.
A spokesman for the governor, Errol Coffield,
did not immediately reply late Monday to an email
or telephone call seeking comment
about Patterson's interview with the news.
That's his name, okay?
Always before the interview.
There's an outline of message of unity in the state
eager to move past his predecessor's sorted
and speedy political collapse.
We move forward.
Today is Monday.
There's work to be done, Patterson said.
There was an oath to be taken.
There's trust needs to be restored.
There are issues that need to be addressed.
Spitzer, according to XA,
was at his Columbia County Farmhouse 48 miles south
of the time of Patterson's swearing in.
I betcha Spitzer was doing a lot of swearing too.
Too bad.
Where Spitzer's 14 month tenure was marked
by Patterson's sniping,
Patterson, the fellow Democrat, reached across the island
and is remarked from the Ornate Assembly chamber.
The crowd gave the new governor a two-minute standing
evaluation in Chanted David, David, David.
What we are going to do for now on is what we all
should have done along along the former state center
said we're going to work together.
Legislative gave Patterson a hearty applause
when he called for cooperation
and laughed when he made playful jabs
and Republican leaders, but a big bit of boot put
about all of these things.
Now we're going to make that 750 or what, Mr. Pullman.
We're going to do it.
Six 96, we need 54 votes in 35 minutes.
I think it's a tough challenge.
We're going to do it.
And let me say it again.
It doesn't vote well for the future of this program, man,
especially after they tell us don't do the spot,
they're not in business anymore.
I'm going to thought that we were such great robbers.
We wouldn't care whether they're in business or not, you know what I mean?
Although I can envision that,
I might have presented some logistical problems down the road.
Maybe they could have opened up just for some
of our listeners, special.
The best name to the best talent you don't know, Roger.
465.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Little boy.
Tonight on Headline News, Nancy Gray's interviews Irish troublemaker,
The Leprechauns.
One on one.
I'm going to expose you for what you are, my little green friend.
Nancy Gray's is relentless.
Isn't it true that you have engaged in fraudulent activity for centuries?
Lazy.
I'm not rippin' people off.
People are always trying to steal money.
Oh, I say you promise a pot of gold,
but don't deliver now you're the victim.
You sir, how do you sleep at night?
The truth comes out when Nancy Gray says you win her crosshairs.
So you think it's all right to use a rainbow,
a symbol of hope to lure folks into one of your sinister money schemes?
There's nothing, Santa's terrible rainbow.
It's because you're really just a fairy.
Isn't that right, Mr. Leprechauns?
Fairy.
Who are you calling a fairy?
There'll be no luck in the Irish for this Leprechauns.
When he gets grilled,
I'm Nancy Gray's tonight on Headline News.
One 32 at 5.60 WQM.
Happy Tuesday to you.
It's almost poor, man.
It's almost spring.
Right?
Right.
It's almost April, almost April Fool's Day.
What day is April 1?
Two days.
It's two weeks from today.
Okay.
That's right, because there's 31 days in March.
Even I can finger that out.
So a week for our two weeks from tomorrow today is April Fool's Day.
Guess what?
I'm not coming in that day.
April Fool.
You'll find out.
All right.
John Nichols in the nation writes,
Karen Thurman Howard Dean in the Florida Fiasco.
Always, election always means Fiasco in Florida.
That's what the F stands for Fiasco.
Florida Democratic Party Chair, Karen Thurman,
announced by email Monday afternoon that her wrong hit,
and I see this isn't even written right,
that the her wrong-headed proposal,
Jesus, God Almighty, can't even on a nation,
can't they get their things right?
She announced by email Monday that the wrong-headed proposal
to select the state's delegates to this summer's
Democratic National Convention in June vote by mail primer
has been scrapped.
That's good, John Nichols says.
Unfortunately, Thurman tried to suggest that the rejection
of the main vote proposal meant that nobody wanted a real primary.
We spent the weekend reviewing your messages,
and while your reasons vary widely, the consensus is clear,
Florida does want to vote again, Thurman wrote,
so we won't.
A party run primary or caucus has been ruled out,
and it's simply not possible for the state to hold another election
even if the party were to pay for it.
Thurman is wrong, he says.
There are plenty of Floridaians who understand
that their state needs to hold a real primary,
unlike the dysfunctional mess that Thurman and her compatriots
arranged in January, just as there are plenty of honest immigrants
in the camps of both Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama,
who recognized the delegates selected in the state's January 29th
fake primary ought not to be seated
at this summer's Democratic National Convention.
That January vote was won by Clinton after she appeared
and floored on the eve of the primary,
technically for a fundraiser,
but in reality for a photo op designed to boost your candidacy
and violation of a pledge by all the candidates
to avoid campaigning there.
Even Clinton backers know that to force the seating
of a delegation selected on the search circumstances would,
if that delegation took the balancer to the New York Senator,
rip the party apart.
For a good long while now, it's been difficult to determine
the identity of the more destructive player in this whole charade,
Democratic National Chairman Howard Dean,
who seemed to be more concerned about how much a new primary might cost
than about ensuring a smooth end to a testy nomination fight,
or a sermon who's been unwilling to propose and promote the straightforward
primary that's the only rational fix for the Florida Fiancgo.
Dean is no hero, but now its fear that the sermon is the greatest threat
to the Democratic Party's 2008 prospects at this point.
If Democrats have a crisis at their convention,
and that crisis costs them the White House in November,
much of the blame will rest with her, Karen Thurman.
In 2000 we had what's your name?
A Theresa LaPore with a butterfly ballot,
and Jeff Sturge's girlfriend there, Catherine Harris, that bitch.
And now we got to this bitch.
It just never ends, does it?
Look, Michigan can redo the primary on the third of June.
They're like on the verge of making it official.
They're gonna like, just be hold up.
They do.
Nobody is us.
That's Florida. That should be our,
there's, I'm the model.
When you cross the state, there should be gigantic billboards with big flashing signs.
There ain't nobody like us.
Thank God.
We put the duh in Florida,
somebody I know would say.
Seven away, you're not gonna make it, Mr.
you're gonna come up short.
What are you talking about?
We're gonna do it.
How did you come up with a number like 750 anyway, you idiot?
709.
I'm sorry.
We need 41 votes in 25 minutes.
Ain't gonna happen.
We can do it.
I mean, this is just a presidential poll for quite a lot of the myths that that's all
anybody is talking about.
That in the Britney and John Paul McCartney's divorce.
I mean, what else could possibly be is this.
And who's gonna get the right home untouched for a Purim?
Now what's the official day Friday as edited we decide?
Right.
Friday is Purim.
So I think what we'll do all week long is just play this.
Happy Purim!
Happy Purim!
Happy Purim!
Do you think it's a good idea?
Sounds great.
And then of course, come in soon.
How does the situation pace off?
Right.
It's pace off.
Let's get some pacidic candy, what do you say?
Pacidic candy, my ass.
I mean, what is the madness stop?
What is the lunacy stop with all your religious crazy people, including my neighbor there?
I forgot to rip her again today.
There are characters who think a few things worse than having a neighbor who wants to proselytize
and try to voice their religion onto your ass.
Seven, ten on the pool, they're floating in by the ones.
There are two chances that you're gonna make seven, fifty by two o'clock Christmas.
What's that?
None and much less than none.
We're at the right.
Confidence not only is low, it's not existent.
And in a pool like this, on a day like this, when we start out by saying, don't read the
spot, we're not sure if they're in business anymore.
Maybe we ought to take out a big ad in the Herald in the Sun, Central, full page ad.
We thank all our fine sponsors for the patronage, but some of them aren't in business anymore.
So be very cautious, be afraid.
712 votes, see there's another one.
You have a little faith, they're crawling in here by the ones.
7-12 still.
What do you think that is?
Maybe George chased a lot of you in his way last week.
You know I did.
No you did not.
I heard you had great shows last week, sensational calls is what I had.
Unbelievable.
Smoke calls.
Calls were.
Un-feel-able.
And when you're going to Gulf Stream again.
Friday the 28th.
Really?
Yep.
Well that's good.
Friday the 28th.
Well that's not going to work out because that's the day I'm leaving early.
Yeah well, how have we going to do that?
I guess you're going to do the show from there.
Why is that so impossible?
Why do you make it sound like it's so, can't be done?
I'm not going to have any of these due dads.
So I guess we'll have somebody doing that.
Chris can handle the due dads.
He's been around long enough.
We'll get some other body in here to play a...
So we're going to be like an hour I think.
I think I'm leaving at one that day.
I don't know how to check my schedule.
We'll figure something out.
And see if a jolly Jo approves of course.
Or whether we have to have another interrogation.
And it's...
I think so.
I think it's unacceptable to leave me out there all by myself.
Especially during the race and time.
Who's going to guide me through?
Here you go.
It's the Transcandidate Highway to him from Toronto.
Hey, somebody just passed me this.
Thank you so much.
And the print is so small.
The Transcandidate Route in Ontario follows three routes.
The Northern Route, which moves from Thunder Bay to Nipagon.
And northward through the provinces, mining communities,
including campus casing.
I've heard of that.
Well, I always wanted to go through campus casing.
I might stop and hang out there.
The Central Route described earlier,
traverses from Thunder Bay to Susant Marine
and following the Voyager Route through Sudbury, North Bay,
Madawah, and Ottawa, down to Montreal.
That's the wrong direction.
And the Southern Route occurs from Sudbury along Highway 6.
9 along the eastern shore of Georgian Bay through Perry Sound to Arilia.
And then switches to Highway 12.
I don't think there is like a main interstate.
You know what I mean?
Well, I don't even know Highway.
Like a whole big heading west.
If you're heading west toward the Rockies and Vancouver,
you'll need to get from Toronto to Sudbury.
We even connect to the main Transcandidate Route.
From Toronto, you take Highway 400 North to Bury in Arilia.
And it goes on and on and on and on.
Highway 6.9 is being upgraded to a four lane.
Divided Highway to make it easier for Torontonians and truckers
to connect to the rest of the country.
Boys, it's quite a...
In fact, you know what? I better leave now.
Here.
The best talent here is in the Roger.
I'm ready to crack the key to the QAM.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm a sports leader.
I'm a sports leader.
It is so great.
I can't buy a great.
I'm with that extra horse in Texas.
I'm glad I can.
Who needs a man?
We got the toy in Texas.
I've got to have it my little rabbit.
We got the toy in Texas.
I've heard the buzz.
It's all because we got the toy in Texas.
All right.
We got the toy in Texas.
Racing sports, lunch and bread, and pimp.
Sixth is drop.
It's the sixth race at the middle is with screaming wheel and Roger Houston at the middle
So middlelands Pennsylvania. I've been here. How do you like that? All right? You wouldn't there want to go there
It's south of Pittsburgh. It's like on the middle of it's like in the end as well. It's like in the country, you know
There's them alone to you one on the league baby
Uh
Two is thing right now as they approach to half
severing
Red up on the outside how about black and blue?
Transport Lego muscles outside
Fifth and it is all shoveled back
Now this is a mythical bet how much you want about a hundred bucks to win on the seventh sounds great
He'll down the backside
He's got a lot to play on the front
Joe but a shopper has opened up by two and a quarter
Lobby lookers second three quarters one twerring down in there by
Four in the world three you backside a little more than eight to go. I was you
I'd take that figure right now head for the window and cash black and red
Fourth Lego muscles fair into the strats a come
Chalbotta Shambra with the lead lofty lookers second ducking to the light
No cash George closing his eye to the wire
Joe bow just shopper
He's a
The insane the Roger Houston and you won by about three lengths easy all right two to one is about a six dollar
So you're gonna get about 300 bucks back for your hundred all right? You're gonna be a mythical 300 back for your mythical hundred not bad well
How is the crystal in here not too well on your pull man? I thought you could do it
But you just let me do it you let me down bad we're gonna do it after I pulled you through yesterday with a big turnout
We might seem like five to two minutes nineteen and seven thirty one we got fourteen minutes for nineteen votes. Oh, we can do that told him
Piece of cake baby with this crowd easy rush to your computer now if there's somebody else sitting at a PC just shove model away, man
Shoveman a flow so I got to go to near Rogers.com and vote on that poll right now for Barack Obama or who for whoever you know, whoever you think is gonna win
Sean diddy combs and manager Jimmy Henschman Rosemond
issued quick and angry now is about an LA Times report that we talked about yesterday
Claiming that they were behind the 94 shooting of two-packed Shakur at quad recording studios in Times Square
The story is beyond ridiculous and completely false diddy said in the statement Monday
Neither biggie small as the rapper the center of combs bad boy productions company
Nor I had any knowledge of any attack before during or after it happened
It's a complete lie to suggest that there was any involvement by biggie or myself
I'm shocked at the LA Times and be so irresponsible as to publish such a baseless and completely untrue story
Rose Bond that's Henschman Rosemond now CEO of Zarian entertainment said in the statement in the past fourteen years
I haven't even been questioned by law enforcement with regard to the assault of two-packed Shakur little on brought up on charges
But you know what P.D.D.D.D.D. daddy he still sucks. He's got no talent. He's a jerk
Plus wasn't he married for about five minutes to J.Lo?
Yep
Hey puffy you fairy
Relined on information from moni identify that beyond formats and other interviews the LA Times report claims that Rose Bond orchestrated the attack on Shakur
November 30th 94 as a response to proceed disrespect from the rapper. Oh, you're disrespecting me your dissonee, baby
According to the times the attack was supposed to be a beating of Shakur disguised as a robbery
But escalated once your crew pulled out a gun resulting in him being shot five times they hit him with five shots and he still dead
Regardless of who started the incident touched off an East Coast West Coast right?
It goes down again that crap about the East Coast rappers against the West Coast rappers and all other crap man
All that other swill
Jesus, K.C.
And you wonder why people get upset about that that that passes for any kind of like pop culture or black culture any other kind of
subculture in America. It's subhuman is what it is. It's crap
Not to mention the fact that none of that is music, but that's beside the point remember when we had something called music
Yeah, I remember that
Long ago 737 man on a pole
I'll give you the result if you promise to get to 750
741 all you're gonna do it now easy
We have 11 minutes and you need nine vote anybody any clown could do that about you even about you even know what's the footsy could do that speaking of clowns
Do you think this is real knows or one of them a
Glor one clown knows is you know like clear bellhead remember clear bell and how do you do?
Yes
And who is the other clown a famous clown from Chicago? What is his name?
Bozo was that him Bozo?
Yes, I was a buddy Bozo. That's him. All right. I real Bozo
What's the best burger?
We're gonna do this pull for 75 weeks
Jesus Christ. That's a radio show and we used to work on that station to W. I would ever I'd call up Rick Roba or Reggie Roby
Roby young Reggie Roby young
Time have him call air and give them what for you people are sure
I
Robby still dead by the way not a shame
No, that's not he was he's a real he was
Real case man I could tell you stories about Roby young that would make make your hair grow dark again
748 votes were right on the cusp of the 750 there is no doubt even Chris is fully confident
He's put away the whip now. Oh, we're in the stretch with the 10-line cleaning put away the whip and he's just sitting there very
Comfortly handwriting to the wire and hope we don't go over the hub rail
The what the rail the hub rail okay?
Who do you think will be the next president? It's too bad about the pompano park. You know, that's really a shame
After all those years, you know, we got no no no connection no like like I don't even exist anymore
Of course, that's general not just with them. It's like with everybody what that we did what what's that I have to do with 750?
What are you talking about the 750 votes?
What about it? What does that have to do with that?
We got 752 oh look at who do you think will be our next president? That's our poll question to the annual rogers.com
Barack not who do you out rooting for not who you pull in it for who do you think think?
Barack Obama 312 John McCain 205 don't know 100 and Hillary 100 switlery. I don't know. So we're out of Wana and
Don't care up to 35 out of 752 what the audience sure came through for a nice there at the SM
Thank you everybody. Yeah, thank you so much everybody for coming through
This is a poll we should have 25,000 votes on for quite a lot if it was like back in the day when we used to be on a real radio station
That wasn't talking about my strong and and Perry winkle bull crap my god
Talk about such foolishness man. It's like watching people play cards. It's the same thing all over again. Oh, it's the big poker tournament
I'm gonna tell you you knew that there was no hope for the human race when people started watching other people playing cards on TV
I didn't admit that there was that bridge guy used to have a thing in the newspaper every day Charles Gore and he was the expert on bridge
There was a show called championship bridge with a very dramatic announcer with a deep voice and that was on a really days of television because there was nothing else to put on
You know, they were struggling for a stuff. They were struggling. They were struggling like the struggling lady right?
But now you think just because we have 7,000 stations there must be something else going on to put on TV
Like maybe naked people or something like that
Maybe some real hot people like what was that show? Are you hot?
Right some of them were and they took it right out here
We don't want to put too many hot people on here because then it gets here everybody excited and they start reproducing and like all kinds of bad crap happened
WQA
I'd like to see a fight between the Donald and Rosie
He's a nowhere all billion there and she's marrying no Z. He's been doing that. She's laughing at his hair
But the truth is both of them look at it underwear
Neither one is so damn hot. They can attack me. Oh
There if I had a pillow. I don't know which one I slaughter
The whole boys goes through me like a kid on a fire. Oh, we next spot
And all Rosie talks about his beating unless we end
They don't have a lot of money, so let's quit the wine and he could do some hair
What's to eliminate the shine and she could shut her? Yeah, and daughter meals down from my tear to
And possibly let somebody else talk on the view
There's too much going on to listen to their his seepids to
Celebrities just acting like total idiots. We can't take a minute more so both of you
Please shut up or we'll feel Rosie
Try and sprinkle you with your de-cup
Oh
Enough already Rosie and Donald cuz no one cares I would rather just stay home and count off all my nose hairs
It's like we're Mr. Wilson and your dad is the man
What's the rating suck out of you and on the apprentice?
It would not bother me in the least if Trump retired
Somebody at ABC should say Rosie your fire
Which you're belly again and get up the ending news for just kiss and make up and go on a Rosie
King Cruz Rosie and Donald Donald Trump all bad for sure
Bye bye bye
