No person is pregnant with a reproduce about the sex transplant is working out baby.
The future is AIDS.
AIDS away.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
The 2008 Dolphin Straff.
Sports radio for the CZL U2W.
Blameful.
Oh my god.
I think that was pretty important crap.
560 WGM presents the Neal Craft Museum.
Ready for the draft?
Oh yeah, I got a draft right here.
What are you talking about?
Call toll free 877 P.I.
Or pound 560 on your AT&T and per riser wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neal.
His guests for his work.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no.
Now the Neal ride your show on 560 WQAM.
It's Friday, you first team.
Have the season face off.
Oh my god.
We like raping.
We like raping.
This is what I write now.
We sorry, we like raping you.
And for its nice ease.
With the joy of price rises.
There's nothing you can do.
We got the way with the night a little bit of time.
And you bring the stick with us.
Our still are your mighty guy right.
So we keep raping.
We carry the play and a beat.
We saw these keep raping.
You can leave in raping.
And gouging and raping.
Why not?
You dubbed a fantastic snooze.
This staffer was in some paising.
It's a heavy lazy.
She's fun and we're all praise of the fool.
So keep on dreaming.
About alternative fuels will keep on scheming.
Today is advantage of food.
We like raping.
You're just a playing and yanking.
For the ain't rap.
Ever it's a combined.
I got quite a story later about the Prince of the Prime Minister.
You don't band our bush.
The Prince of the Pauper?
No, he's a crook.
He's the Prince.
Band our bush.
The birds are going to slam his ass somewhere.
They're slamming it.
So anyway, the beast was on the...
He was on there.
He was on the topic conversation again on the Joe World Show this morning.
That was just allowed or something.
Well, I guess the executive decisions aren't being invited by no mole.
He said he lost a weight.
I guess he lost some of his thrust.
Indeed, some of his powers.
And we were a little worried about Chris.
I've been with this this morning because he had some more dental loss.
More pochkin reminded him of his mouth.
But he said that the dental hygienist or whatever she is is really a hot.
And so he was very excited to go on them.
I was excited to go, but at least you know it was little...
Well, you said he was excited.
You said it was a real...
They often are hot.
I wonder what's up with that.
Well, my dental hygienist is about as hot as an ice cube.
She's me, but very good though.
I mean, that's a good question.
What's more important is that your dental hygienist be hot or that she be proficient at her job?
Well, it depends.
Depends on how much you value your mouth and your gums.
Right? And if she puts out.
And what's in your mouth?
Anyway, here's the poll from yesterday.
Oh, there he goes right off the bat with a poll.
Oh, my God. That's right.
By the way, Curtis for jerks at 2 this afternoon.
And then the rest of the schedule, I guess, is, I don't know, the same as usual in that dog at 2.
And then that's so he has first pitch before tomorrow.
And again, they lost last night, 8 to zip.
Am I right, Chris? That is correct.
That must be a mistake.
Dolphins all asses 7 to 9 in the D.H.
Show 9 and midnight.
Is that the right schedule?
Because Clarence sent me last week's second page.
He's an idiot.
But then we can we know that.
Curtis for jerks at 2.
So you might want to tune in for that.
My favorite software to mall, we apologize for this poll.
By the way, the new one is, uh, it's poison-rated to go.
Not that it's all that great.
It's okay.
877, so won't be that long before we get to 1000.
Or something. Maybe when we get to 900, we'll change it.
What do you think?
All right.
Well, you're the one that hated this.
You were like embarrassed. You said it was like doing paper or plastic.
Yes.
That's what Chris said, too.
He said this full sucks.
It said it was okay.
It was totally peaceful.
By the way, if you think this one is bad, the other couple that you um,
sent along to me that you passed along or saw my eye who this morning.
Oh my, have you ever killed a possum?
No, but um, I knew this was going to be a good one.
Have you ever killed a possum?
That's a poll.
Even, took the over there across the way.
He would, he wouldn't do that.
I don't think.
Well, you read about that. Well, yeah. Good point.
Unless he went to a poll, I'm worse the best possum burger in town.
I don't know.
I mean, Charlie, give me a break.
He eats out of material and he refuses to admit it.
If you're out of a poll, Charlie,
there's all kinds of other stuff come in from like living and breathing people.
Like the one for tomorrow or for other weekend.
My favorite South Florida mall is...
Sogress, 123.
I don't live in South Florida, 110.
How do you like that?
12.5% of the people on our pool are voting from like elsewhere.
That's good, I think, isn't it?
Sure, there's that van.
It is what it is.
I see.
Volker Town Center, 92, Evans-Romall 88, Gilaria 48,
Fall Shopping Center 46,
They land 45.
Boy, how the mighty have fallen.
They land.
Dolphin Mall 30,
Swap Shop 4, Lawton Hill 28,
Broward Mall 27,
Pembroke Lakes Mall 25,
Poppano Square 23,
What is the Pope getting off the plane again for the 400th time at New York?
Fascinated by it, distracted?
Well, I'm just watching them kissing this thing.
Oh, I see.
The mall at Wellington Green 21,
Coral Square Mall 19, Lincoln Road Mall 18,
City Place 15,
Val Harbor Shops 11,
Palm Beach Mall 8,
Mall of America's 8,
Pointe Beach Mall 8,
Westland 7,
Fancy Mall 7,
My International Mall 6,
Lawton Hill 6,
Well, there's so many of these, man, just too many.
I don't even feel like we, I don't want to read them all.
Should I?
Whatever.
No, I'll read them when we get finished with it.
What is it done?
When it's over, it'll be over, you know what I mean?
Right.
Here's a great story, and by the way, I still don't have my router.
It's the being shipped, I'm assuming.
I'm assuming it'll be here one of these days.
And what it is, you'll be the first to know.
So if we take any calls today, you'll also be the first to know.
All right.
A 30-year-old woman caused quite a commotion last night.
The Wednesday evening, I'm sorry,
when she decided to direct traffic at a delaying intersection.
Rather than keeping traffic flowing through the intersection of West Dukeland and South Orange Avenue,
the woman was creating a bit of a hazard police said because she was topless.
The Delan Police Department received a number of calls around 7pm
and responded to find the woman forming at the mouth and talking to herself.
Right, I'm going to finish the point.
Forming at the mouth.
What does that mean?
I've heard that expression we all have, but people really form at the mouth?
You've never seen anyone form at the mouth, and I see.
Have you?
Lucky you, yeah.
Just this morning.
Get out of here.
All right, not this morning.
What do you mean just this morning?
I'm kidding about this morning, but yeah, I've seen people form at the mouth.
Are you mean like a beener boy?
Okay, I wasn't thinking that.
He was forming at the nose, but that's a different story.
Oh, he was forming something.
Yes.
The Delan Woman told police that God told her to direct traffic, topless, and forming at the mouth.
She was taking him at every hospital for a mental evaluation.
Oh, I call the good religious.
That's a really good idea.
Yeah.
Am I right?
Or what?
It is a great idea.
They should all be checked in.
They should have a big nut house.
It has to be pretty damn big though.
And of course, the Pope.
Everything is about the Pope.
And oh, my God, he's in New York.
And the Pope, we have the Pope, and the Pope plain, the Pope jet.
And they're there with a bunch of little kids with flowers and kissing his ring.
Oh, everybody's so excited and they're felling from it.
And tomorrow's Paisa.
How do you like that?
Talk about anti-Semitic crap.
I think this is just to overshadow the Jew holiday, don't you?
Indeed it is.
What it sounds like to me.
All this crap about religious harmony and love and peace.
All about your crap.
Because if we had that, then it would be bad for business.
You couldn't convert people if everybody just leave everybody alone.
And see it.
And you know something I have got to turn them off.
I can't know.
Maybe probably the same thing will be on MSNBC.
And I have the same crap.
You might even call it the soundbite approach.
This, this, this, the benefit of it.
It's not dealing with soundbites.
Yeah, he bites.
Maybe that's why he talks like that.
He talks like an old Jewish lady.
Yeah, I think it was a wonderful thing.
But in the right house it was okay.
The president never stole a freight train.
He's killing a bunch of people.
But so are we.
Talked like an old Jewish bubble.
Newsflash, it says, FashionMole doesn't exist anymore.
Take that option off your, says Ralph and Tamarack, FashionMole.
What FashionMole is that?
The Hollywood FashionMole doesn't exist anymore.
But that's not the one I guess.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't care.
Exactly my sentiments.
I couldn't send it better myself.
FashionMole.
Yeah, there it is under Westlands.
It's got seven votes.
Yeah.
We'll change it to the out of FashionMole.
Yeah.
Maybe it's, you're right.
Maybe it's not in FashionMoleMole.
Speaking of a crazy religion, this is a good story.
A passenger who left his seat to pray in the back of a plane before it took off, ignoring
flight attendants orders to return was removed by an airport security guard a witness in the
airline said.
The Orthodox Jewish man who wore a full beard, a black cat and a long black coat, stood near
the lavatories and began saying his prayers while the United Airlines jet was being boarded
at JFK International Wednesday night said, or a brothman.
A fellow passenger spoke about the incident by phone from San Francisco where he lives.
I'm sure as soon as I started being that story, people thought it was some Muslim.
You know, with his magic carpet or something.
That's what I thought.
No, with some Orthodox jet skiing.
With his full beard, the big black cat, the whole same difference, the whole regalia.
When flight attendants urged the man who was carrying a religious book to take his seat, he ignored
them, bro.
And said, two friends who were seated tried to tell the attendants that the man couldn't
stop until after he had finished his prayers in about two minutes.
When the man finally stopped praying, by a rule, I thought, a noi, oye, pay, you're all going to get killed.
He explained that he couldn't interrupt his religious ritual and wasn't trying to be rude, but the
attendants, some of the guard who removed him, said, bro, and a writer who had been visiting New York to talk to publishers.
The plane, flight nine to San Francisco, took off without the man, it landed at its destination as scheduled, bro,
and said.
Robin or Banskiy spoke from him for United Airlines a subsidiary of UAL Corporation with headquarters in Chicago, confirmed the man was
taken off the plane and put on another flight Thursday morning.
Or Banskiy said flights can't depart if all passengers aren't in their seats which risks to the lay, and it's important that passengers listen to the instructions of the flight crew.
The port authority of New York and New Jersey which runs every airport and the TSA which handles their port security said Thursday, they weren't involved in the incident.
Now the crazy gifky, all they got, crazy religionist, let them walk, wherever he's going, let them take a bus, let them take a gay home, you know.
Take the train, stay off the plane, why would we get a little bit nervous when people start acting like crazy insolies?
That's right.
Oh, but it's my religion you're discriminating and then probably he's going to sue the airline which they need like a lock and cup and a like that.
Happy pay soft by the way, all you silly people.
You don't need too much of that monsemantle, congealed in your in your kishis.
Oh my god, if you imagine, will it, like having a stomach full of cardboard?
Now you told us after 10 to 560, you ever get a happy Friday to a happy pay soft, happy weekend, happy the draft is coming?
Oh my god, what more could you want?
Right? Except for a whole bag of money.
Oh, it's just going to say a big bag of money.
Friday you bastard.
Well I was shopping at the store for some food, buying groceries never felt so good.
Oh there's the new poll in Pennsylvania, swallowing 46th, Obama 41.
A valid is shrinking man, it's shrinking.
And the election the primary finally is coming up on Tuesday.
Boy it doesn't seem like it's been eons since we had any avoid count God.
There you have it.
Obama, he said she was untruthful in Iowa.
No, the senator from...
I just don't like him anymore.
I'm going to go over honest with him.
I used to like him a lot and I just, he just leaves the limp.
Just sit on the sidelines and shut up already.
I realized that they've got this marriage of convenience, etc.
And probably this is to make up for Monica I guess.
You know what it is?
I would think so.
How are Dean, by the way, says speaking of the Pennsylvania primary, how are Dean's his, I need a decision now.
Democratic National Committee chairman Howard Dean wants things to wrap up this morning on CNN's Wolf Blitzkrieg,
which I didn't know that Wolf Blitzkrieg was on in the morning, but nevertheless,
he said of the party super delegates, I need them to say who they're for starting now.
We can't give up too or too much of active campaigning and healing time.
The DNC chairman told CNN's Wolf Blitzkrieg, we got to know who our nominee is.
After facing criticism for mostly hands-off leadership style very much of the primary season,
Dean has been steadily raising the rhetorical pressure on super delegates.
He said Thursday that roughly 65% of them have made their preference plain,
but then more than 300 of you have to make up their minds.
The National Party chair who has remained neutral throughout the primary process,
and again, it's his job to make sure that both candidates feel betrayed and fairly,
but not to tell either of them when to end their run.
Maybe she's going to make an end run.
Because we got the draft coming up next week, let's do a football thing.
What do you say?
Maybe she can't toss around the pigskin.
Sure.
There's the new Pennsylvania poll, the LA Times Bloomberg poll.
All right, Brian, something for you.
46.41 for swillery.
Very tight.
In fact, in a dramatic reversal on associate of Presse Ahu News poll found that a clear majority
of Democratic voters now say Barack Obama's got a better chance of beating John McCain
and remembered in swillery.
Trillery.
Pillaried.
While Obama and Clinton are both sustaining dense indings from their lengthy presidential,
fight the former First Lady is clearly suffering more.
Democratic voters no longer see her as the party's strongest contender for the White House.
Voters of all types have got a better sense of Obama who is an obscure Illinois legislator just four years ago,
as more people move from the, I don't know, in category in the AP Ahu News poll,
more rated Obama's inexperienced, unethical and dishonest.
And 15% erroneously think he's a Muslim, thanks in part to this information widely spread on the Internet.
But Obama's positive ratings have climbed as well while swillery, widely known since the early 90s,
has been less able to change people's views of her and when those views have shifted,
it's heard more than it's helped.
Swillery's ratings for being honest, likable, ethical, and refreshing have fallen since January,
and Obama scores higher than she does in all those categories.
In late January before Obama scored 11th straight primary in caucus victories,
56% of Democrats saw Clinton as the strong nominee compared to 33% for Obama.
Now Obama leads on that question 56 to 43%.
Still, the poll conducted by knowledge networks contains some worrisome signs for the first term senator,
those rating him as not at all honest, for example, jump from 18% last fall to 27% in April.
It came as he was put on the defensive overincendiary comments by his former pastor,
but many holding such views are Republicans or conservative independents who'd be unlikely to vote for Democrat anyway.
The most encouraging sign for Obama's that made Democrats who previously saw swillery as their party's best hope,
now give him that rule.
About a third of them still prefer Clinton, but they've lost confidence in her electability.
I would love to vote for Hillary's said Nancy Castello of Bellevue Kentucky, one of the more than 1800 randomly selected adults,
whose opinions are rechecked every few months.
I'm 67, I'll probably never get enough of a chance to vote for a woman, Cheebie Sain.
But Obama now appears to be the stronger candidate she said, and electing a Democrat Novemberist paramount.
If McCain wins and continues many of Bush's economic and foreign policies Castello said,
I think I would just sit down and cry.
There's nothing like a good cry, baby, I think we're gonna do it right now.
I'm gonna put my head in my hand and just weep like a woman.
Weep like a child, like a baby, an infant.
That's right.
By trekkie, the same group throughout the campaign, the AP Yahoo NewsPull can gauge how individual views change.
It suggests that Clinton has paid a price for having Obama since early February on several issues,
as she tries to overcome his lead in delegates in the popular vote.
Among those Democrats who no longer consider her the more electable of the two,
most now see her as less likable, less decisive, less strong, less honest,
less experienced and less ethical than even January.
In fact, the less we see her, the more we like her.
Meanwhile, those same voters are more likely to see Obama strong honest and be freshening them before.
You'll a Barton of Leesburg, Florida, said she initially backspirerary,
probably because she liked Bill Clinton's record as president.
But the more I hear her talk and the more I hear him talk, the more put off I am said Barton 69.
I think she's branched, I think she's rude, I get the feeling she feels she deserved to be president and doesn't need to earn it.
Barton said she likes Obama to ignore his email suggesting that he refuses to salute the flag,
or somehow threatening because of his name.
People try to make him look like a traitor, she said, I think he's risen above most of that stuff.
Some misinformation sticks, however, the great majority of the polls participants said this month
they didn't know the religious affiliation of Clinton and Methodist, or Obama, United Church of Christ,
but 15% virtue that Obama, whose father was Kenyan, is a Muslim.
A Muslim?
That group includes more Democrats than Republicans and it doesn't necessarily worry them.
Randy Estes, a Democrat from Ada Oklahoma, said she prefers Clinton but feels Obama's likely to win the nomination.
He's gotten very strong media coverage and Bill Clinton's not having a Revesit Estes 36,
who's got four kids under the age of six.
She's pumping them out man like a baby machine, like a big baby pumping machine.
She's pumping it.
Speaking of Obama, she said, I have a sense he's a Muslim.
She has a sense.
Does that how you tell Muslim?
Yeah, I have a sense.
The sixth sense, no doubt.
Or maybe a sixth sense.
She has Goddard.
If Obama wins the nomination of point, it creates a lead to mend his image,
but as he battles McCain for independence and softer Republicans, his favorability rating among all voters has declined,
with those who ranked him as very unfavorable growing from 17% in January to 25% in April.
McCain.
Oh no, that's Obama.
Most of them are Republicans independent, like we said.
They're not going to vote for the Democrat anyway, so pumping them in dread.
You know what I'm saying?
Who cares what they think?
Bastards.
Nazis.
Goose steppers.
In other words.
On of these screens.
That's it.
How are we doing then to pull their crisps and we are smitten, can't it yet or what?
Not yet.
Not up to seven.
Oh, we got over nine hundred votes.
Let's get rid of it.
I told you when we get to nine hundred, let's get rid of it.
There's no point in guy.
You know, it's a piece of crap.
Talk about beating a dead haze.
Pulls, let's get that new one on there, baby.
It's not that good either.
But it certainly is better than have you ever killed a possum.
Now the audience probably thinks I'm making that up.
Right.
Because I went back this morning to my Yahoo mail and because you emailed me the Charlie B pile of polls.
And believe me, if you think the one today about the malls is bad, have you ever killed a possum?
How about if you ever played possum?
Yeah.
And I knew a girl named possum.
Oh, they're nickname.
It's a North Carolina.
She was sweetheart, Becky.
Okay, which one of the following are you positive?
Would cause your parents to disown you?
Of course, many of us are parents along since then.
But this is just hypothetical as in the past, something like that.
Becoming a drug addict, one that was my vote.
I can't think that any of these others, vote Democratic, vote Republican, prostitute yourself.
Yeah, like, likely stir it.
I sure make a big living doing that.
Commit a serious crime, convert from your religion, date outside your racer, come out of the closet while I did that.
And it is only.
Aren't you part of them?
Right.
Well, your mom will pay.
He wasn't too happy.
No, he wasn't too a giddy or a giggle.
Those, you know, in the same family it's coming.
Gay, kind of gay.
Okay, here's the final little thing.
Oh, I hate Read Nollies.
909.
My favorite self-float of mall sawdress 131.
I don't live in self-float of 116.
Volkotown set of 95.
Evans 291.
Gailer, Rhea 48.
Falls 47.
Dayland 46.
The Doppin' Mall 31.
Swap Shop 28.
Broward Mall 28.
Temporified small 26.
Pop it O's Square 23.
The mall that won didn't green 22.
Coral Square Mall 21.
Lincoln Road Mall 18.
City Play 16.
Bell Harbor Shops 12.
Tom Beats Mall 9.
Mall of America's 8.
Boyton Beach Mall 8.
Wresland 7.
The Fashion Mall at which Shermaynot exists 7.
I don't know which one to talk about.
I don't know what Hollywood obviously is.
Long.
Gwoon.
My major national mall 6.
Laudahill Mall 6.
Festival 3.
Market 6.
Villas of Merck Park 5.
Southland 5.
Shops Alas Olas 5.
Shops Alas Olas 5.
Shops Alas Olas 5.
Shops Alas Olas 5.
Shops Alas Olas 5.
In the middle of the night,
I go out to the town of Miami 3.
Different from that mall to Cross County Mall 2.
Did I mention that Tom jick is an idiot?
No, rightly.
You called twice a day yesterday again.
Knowing that I was at wood buying.
I'll call you back at F.R. or see if you're back at it.
You really want to write that story for Monday.
Never let me a number again so I can call him back
and we can talk.
If you really want to talk to somebody,
you leave a number.
And of course, I would have called him back.
And it would be a story.
But that's where it goes, Tom.
Lincoln Road.
You're going to stock him if he gives you a list.
Shops Alas Olas 5.
Shops Alas Olas 5.
which I guess is why so many of those joints who want a business.
Oh, I'm the best at this.
This is your Roger's sports idea 560 QAM.
The fourth leader, bested.
Lottaise Road Starbucks and hot Asian women.
Truffles of chocolate and books by John Christian.
In flans for the Mrs. Ikees Shopping.
These are old white persons' labor and things.
Hedge funds for profit and rap songs by Diddy.
Boracco, Bama and Keith friendly cities.
Botox and sushi at dinner parties.
These are old white persons' labor and things.
Farmers, markets, doing yoga, riding mountain bikes.
Remember when you see some folks who are white.
These are the things they like.
Most people are white people.
What a surprise on MSNBC and CNN and Fox on CBC and on every TV.
Even on the gardening channel.
Everywhere you look, I would be surprised if he's on City Pulse.
Let me take a look here.
Oh, thank God he's not.
They actually have some yoke news on there.
While out riding near Grand Ravine Drive.
And it's going to be sunny.
It's already sunny.
75 here today.
Wow, and 73 tomorrow.
What a great day for the Irish and for all the rest of us too.
Speaking of far-bissing of Jews.
Senator Jew Lieber and the Democratic Party's 2000 Vice Presidential nominees
leading open the possibility of giving a keynote address on behalf of John McCain
at the Republican National Convention in September.
What a surprise since they're joy at the hip.
Right.
He's always whispering sweet nothings in McCain's ear.
Republicans close to the McCain Campaigns and Lieberman's appearance at the convention
possibly before a national prime time audience could help make the case
at the presumptive GOP nominee as the record of crossing the aisle.
That could appear to be the most independent voters.
Kind of like Charlie Christie crosses the aisle if you know what I mean.
Gay.
Yeah.
I don't think you really ever got on the other side of the aisle,
but that's the only speculation.
McCain has yet to ask Lieberman to speak either in prime time or elsewhere at the convention,
but if McCain thinks it'll help make his case for the White House as some of his allies suspect,
Lieberman will be willing to speak on his behalf.
If Senator McCain, who I so strongly support, asked me to do it,
if he thinks it will help him, I will Lieberman said in every interview.
Lieberman said he doubts McCain will ask him to give a keynote address
but acknowledges the subject has yet to come up in the two senators' discussions.
I'll Lieberman said even though there are no plans for the independent to give a speech
at the convention, it's a likely possibility he'll address Republican audience in some form.
I wonder if he'll be in full regalia as you're going to be wearing the talismanish,
all the schmottis and the tits isn't it?
I don't know, boy, that'd be a picture.
Yeah.
I'd love to see that.
Farbisen, maybe in fact, Jew Lieberman and the Pope, I'd love to see them together.
Oh, yeah.
He's got the better outfit.
He'd have dueling gear.
Appearing before the Republican convention, Kerry Summ risked for Lieberman,
his Democratic colleague could seek retribution by taking away his gavel
on the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee in X Congress.
Lieberman has had a long lease this Congress because his decision to caucus with Democrats,
despite losing Connecticut's 2006 Democratic primary,
allows them to hold their narrow 51-49 majority.
If Democrats pick up more seats as expected in November, Lieberman pisses off Democrats
along the campaign trail, some privately expect there might be an attempted
nigh-him-is-bid to retain his chairmanship.
One Democratic leadership base at losing his chairmanship could happen in that scenario,
but the bar would have to be very high.
That's because Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has a close relationship with Lieberman figures,
one Nebysh loves another one.
Nebysh is of a feather swing together.
Unlike a number of Democratic colleagues who backed Lieberman's shelter,
Ned Lamont, after the 2006 primary, Reid offers words of praise for the senator,
saying he wouldn't turn on Joe.
Reid called Lieberman and promised a maturemanship,
had he won reelection and moved with an angered some Lamont supporters.
Even though Reid may not need Lieberman in X Congress to claim a Senate majority,
he told Lieberman in private conversations he would protect his seniority.
I can tell you, Senator Reid, to talk to me a few times and say he knows
there will be talk if we get more than 51 Democrats next year Lieberman told
the Hartford crew on this month.
As far as he's concerned, I'll retain my seniority, etc.
No matter how many Democrats there are next year.
Right.
Surprise, Julie Lieberman.
You bastard.
You lunatic, you maniac.
You sell out.
Turn code.
Maybe he can look with Wolf Looksquick.
They make a good pair.
Oh yeah.
What are you thinking about the calls today?
Hey, whatever.
Let's, uh, you know, we can try it out.
No, that's not what I was going to say.
40 votes with one of the following.
Are you positive or cause your parents to disown you?
Commit a serious crime, 14.
Vote Republican, 7.
Become a drug addict, 7.
Prostitute yourself, 4.
Date outside your race, 3.
Come out of the closet, 3.
Vote Democratic, 1.
Or, convert from your religion, 1.
New is alert from the Washington Post on my Blackberry.
Pope to address the UN.
See? I know it.
As soon as that thing buzzed, I knew it was the more Pope crown.
Yeah.
Breaking news, breaking news, the Pope is going to hack our China-Kathe UN.
What was that?
New sound.
That was a new sounder.
Amazing.
I'm like saying, can talk for fucking sake.
There we go, ABC.
Howard Kosell speaking of sports.
Well, I remember those days.
What are you?
I don't even know if you guys were born then.
Speaking of sports, howard Kosell, ABC, nice.
Those are the days, man, when we're like radio networks,
and people actually carry it on here.
As opposed to all these stupid ass-indicated talk shows
with all these Nazis on here.
Speaking of Nazis, a 48-page report written by a former aid
to Donald Rumsfeld issued by the Pentagon's
Premier Military Educational Institute
as called the Iraq War a major debacle whose outcome is endowed.
Measured and blood and treasure the war in Iraq has achieved the status
of a major war in a major debacle of reports opening line reads,
as of fall 2007, this conflict has crossed the US over 3800 dead
and over 2800 wounded allied casualties accounted for another 300 dead.
Published by the National Defense Institute's National Institute
for Strategic Studies, a Defense Department research center
that report doesn't reflect the official views of the Pentagon
or the Defense Department, but it delivers a scathing indictment
from the key educational arm of the US Armed Forces, a scathing report.
The report was written by Joseph Collins.
He used to play first base for the Yankees by the way back in the mid-50s,
Joe Collins.
A retired Colonel and former senior adviser to the Defense Department
and Rumsfeld and Paul Wolfowitz, that bastard.
With that cowlick.
Remember that?
Yeah. That was the stupidity.
Put on his hand and it smeared his hair.
Oh, my God.
Almost threw it.
It's a slab.
It's important to camp the other state because it's based in part on interviews
on former senior defense intelligence officials who spoke candidly
and played roles in preparations for war.
Despite impressive progress in security, the outcome of the war is in doubt, Collins,
where strong majorities of both the Iraqi's and Americans
figure some sort of US withdrawal.
Intelligence analysts have ever reminded you of us that the only thing worse than an Iraq
with an American army may be an Iraq after rampant withdrawal of an army
but it'd be better to move put about.
Of course, if we wouldn't have gone into the first place,
there'd be a lot of people still be alive, including over 4,000 American soldiers.
Hey, Tali, why do you hate America?
Why do you hate America? Why do you hate Bush?
Why do you hate the Pope and all of these things?
All these butchers, all these murderers?
Bad news for you.
Bruce Springsteen's Friday Night Consulate Bank Atlantic Senate,
the anti-Sendage has been postponed because of the death of a long time Springsteen bandmate.
A spokesman for Consulate promoter, Live Nation, said yesterday,
news of keyboardist Danny Federucci's death was announced last night
at Springsteen's official website.
You know who that is, Danny Federucci?
I do know.
No.
Danny Federucci, for 40 years, the East beat band's organist and keyboard player
died this afternoon.
Yesterday at Memorial Sloan Kettering, Kansas Center in New York,
after a three-year battle with Melanova, the website said,
Federucci 50 was not touring while the underwent treatment
but made a surprise appearance on stage at a March 20th Springsteen concert in the Indianapolis.
Live Nation's spokeswoman Woody Graber,
spokesman, that said, spokeswoman Woody Graber,
who woke up Georgia at 8 o'clock this morning.
Well, I was already awake, but by his sent a message,
they all fought about him.
He called.
He called.
Said the Springsteen show this weekend in Orlando would also be rescheduled,
but a Monday concert in Tampa would go forward this plan.
Woody Graber said,
Graber said, no make-up dates for Sunrise or Remando,
but announced had no information on refunds for ticket holders.
Now Woody's gonna hang out of the can.
Give himself a new haircut.
I doubt it.
I like that.
He called you at 8 o'clock this morning and he winds up in a story about Bruce Springsteen.
Wow, he's all over the place.
And he was here, so I saw him.
Paul, who sent us the pull that we're using today,
says, glad you like to pull enough to use it left off on,
performing in porn.
You wanna put that on there?
Yeah, sure.
Performing in porn.
What about a net of the above?
How would you stop?
None be above.
That's like I hate this pull all over again.
Just, you know, you got some real oral problems there with your teacher,
just to dummy up.
What's the biggest name to the best talent you've ever seen in your projects?
4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
I dare you, where I stood.
Happy face off, even to the pub, maybe.
Enjoy that pizza and those tasty dicky candies, man.
Half of my dozen.
It is all around me.
Everybody is broke.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
My economy is drowning.
They got us behind the throne.
I picked you some driving.
But can't afford you to go.
For the world's richest country is the precious low.
After time unleavened, the stage was set.
For the no-constant grab of the grisket,
they trickled it up to the one percent.
They got us all in Memphis, where kids.
Could this be the recession, but that might spoil it in you.
Like a movie?
There's people going concrete.
You won't see down the leaves.
It's like the 1930s, another great self-right.
We're just a rich in dirty, and a fortune by gas.
The corporate newspapers take it real and
the ones that I use for the sheets are my family.
You ain't treat our people even in the troll.
They got us blind and now we've got a dust bowl.
We're in the deep depression, but they don't want you to know.
Huh?
For the world's richest country is the precious low.
The precious low.
The precious low.
And it sucks, too, it's my friend.
10.47, 13.4 at the clock.
Curtis, for the jerk said two o'clock this afternoon.
That's a good news.
I mean, that's interesting.
Is the good news or what?
There's good news tonight.
Well, we don't want to be picking on jerks again.
I was he still whining about the fact that I'm ripping him an ass or what, Chris?
I did not hear the show yet, so I thought I'm going to.
Why not?
Why I would learn other things.
What does that mean?
I thought you're like a big fan of that show.
I thought you would miss it for a lot of money.
I'm sorry.
I was glad I'm not one.
Oh, lord.
Now we're even for whatever crap you were spewing before.
I figured what it was, but whenever it was, it was banned.
Throughout a long career, who wrote this?
Oh, Ali Garib.
Abu Garib.
For the enterprise service, Ali Garib, he must be kin to.
Abu Garib.
Yeah, that's kind of an unusual name, ain't it?
Well, you should have had a long career in politics presently, but why did they keep saying that?
Republican nominees John McCain has had his foreign policy shaped by his and the US experience in the Vietnam War.
But that shaping has been very dynamic, not beholden anyone particular lesson of the conflict,
but rather taking each political situation being presented to him and viewing it through the lens of Vietnam,
often with mixed results.
The most potent example of this today is also one of the biggest campaign issues, McCain's support for the Iraq War.
The Iraq War, many people feel, violates some of the primary lessons of Vietnam that were thought to be solidified in the Palo doctrine,
a former George W. Bush Secretary-State colon, role in colon, along with McCain was informed by his service in Vietnam.
The Palo doctrine sets out requirements for US engagement and military conflict,
included in the criteria our US public support, clear objectives, and the use of overwhelming military force.
But just as critics use Vietnam to challenge the follow-up continued occupation, McCain uses it to defend the US presence there,
citing Vietnam air criticism of the US that it had lost the will to fight.
McCain's own military service during and after the war in Vietnam was fraught with a sort of drama usually reserved for war films.
A naval aviator, McCain's plane was shot down over Hanoi, the capital of North Vietnam,
McCain was then taken prisoner and tortured for five years, notably refusing to be released early out of order of capture because of his father's position in the Navy.
Upon his release from captivity, McCain returned to the US as a war hero and used the platform afforded him to support President Nixon's escalation to the conflict,
and notably his support for the Domino theory.
That's not the Fats Domino theory.
That's the theory that if South Vietnam fell to communist, a red fever would spread across Southeast Asia and strengthen global communism and its alleged goal of violent and forceful world domination, communist-accompanista.
I don't hold him accountable for anything he said right after returning from Vietnam, author, blogger, and political consultant, Klipschecker, told IPS, citing the stress and trauma of the long captivity.
But while McCain moved away from many of his originally staged lessons on Vietnam as he went into politics, he has since returned to many of them as he's grown closer to the neo-con movement, rehashing the old arguments toward about the dangers of leaving Iraq.
Even as those ideas proved to be false alarms in the case of Vietnam.
He was the little attached to Vietnam at first, but then he learned his lesson about Vietnam, said Shrector, calling McCain's world view at the time something akin to pals, he entered public life in 1982 when he won his congressional seat as a complete isolationist.
One of the first indications of McCain's maverick status was when he broke with party ranks in 1983 to oppose President Reagan's plan to keep troops in Lebanon, lesbian.
The vote cast was on the losing side, but troops would never let's be pulled when U.S. barracks there were bombed. Similarly, McCain opposed the use of force in Somalia and Haiti in the 90s.
Just like that, in 97 and 98 he did complete 180 when he stared to hang out with the neo-con crowd, said Shrector, whose book on the Arizona Senator in unsympathetic profile called the Real McCain was recently released.
McCain is broken with his brothers and arms to join this group of armchair warriors who theorized on blackboards and computers and have never really been to war.
The allegiance with that crowd was codified in 2000 when neo-con Randy Schunerman was added to McCain's 2000 presidential bit as an adviser. For his 2008 run, McCain has taken on Schunerman as his foreign policy chief.
At an event at the Washington Think Tank, the Brooklyn Institution earlier this month, Schunerman spoke of another McCain's fears about U.S. defeat in Iraq, a weakening of U.S. military forces.
Again, McCain's contention was based on the Vietnam experience of retreating to active duty and command of a squadron rife with recruiting issues and planes grounded due to this repair.
McCain served in the military in the aftermath of defeat and saw firsthand how difficult it was to recruit and retain personnel to keep aircraft flying and so on, said Schunerman.
But Schrector complains that McCain and Schunerman had it backwards. It's the Iraq War itself that is weakened U.S. military forces rather than the specter of defeat.
By any real measure, the military is so unprepared right now because of that war that McCain and Bush and their allies thrust upon a safe chapter were much more dangerously overstretched than anything close to where we were back then.
Perhaps the biggest gap in logic for McCain's use of his experience with the feet and Vietnam to bolster the war effort in Iraq is based on his contention that the U.S. must not lose its will to fight.
It's a trick because that observation assumes that the U.S. could have won in Vietnam only if it had not withdrawn, which is not true.
Juan Cole, professor of history at the University of Michigan and Middle East expert, told IPS, yes, it's very unfortunate to be defeated in the military endeavor, but it happens.
So suck it up and get over it.
Suck it up.
Now what Jennifer says?
Yeah.
I'll find it.
Just remember I'm oral, okay?
Getting older by the second.
All right.
I'll find it.
Suck it in and hold it.
Cole and get over it.
Cole insisted it's not the lesson to Vietnam rather than the worst follies that are being replayed in Iraq.
McCain and the Republicans misunderstood the North Vietnamese Communists as being an international communist threat.
But they were just Vietnamese nationalists, said Cole.
Now these same people are misunderstanding the Sunni insurgencies and international fighter threat, but they're just Sunni Arab Iraqi nationalists.
After McCain had settled into the real, realist mindset as he entered politics, he played a major role in normalizing relations with the Vietnam after the Cold War, advocating for U.S. Interest Section in Vietnam.
In the early 80s and traveling to Vietnam in the mid 90s as part of a post for normalization made official shirt in there after by Bubba.
In a way that was sort of explicitly or implicitly admitting that what we didn't Vietnam was an absolute waste of our time.
It was a stupid war.
It didn't help our national security and injured us, said, checker.
It exacerbated problems.
This is Iraq is doing now.
So now he throws up the same silly platitudes that we used back then about you need to win there.
Well, what does that mean?
In the end, the policy is what created the situation, record lean in our relationship with the Vietnamese.
And then he said, where are we right now? Where are you trading partner of their partner like I'm in Roth?
If the money is on the table, I know I have a partner.
It's not? I don't.
Remember that?
Frado brought the suitcase with all that cash.
Well, I could have had a good time at Woodbind with that.
Actually, yesterday I lost in the afternoon and I went back last night and got even.
What do you?
Even for the day.
For those people, oh he talks about he wins every day.
Most of the time he loses your ass.
Okay, especially playing slot machines, mine.
And this nasty guy from India, this guy with his very expensive silk suit that's always walk,
walks it around in the high-roader room with a big, wide $100 bills.
He had five grand on the $5 machine on the wheel.
The good news is it cost him seven grand to get it.
Oh, I spent seven.
This is a crazy person.
What is it with these people from India, man?
You know who I love to gamble?
I mean, really gamble.
Chinese?
Chinese and Indian.
Okay, India, I'm not talking about Seminole, all but I do.
Who's going to do Chinese?
What?
I knew about the Chinese.
How did you know that?
Just, uh, China.
You hear it all the time.
Do you?
Oh yeah.
Where did they get all their money these Chinese money?
Good point.
Maybe they're good at Chinese women.
Even the Chinese girl.
Some of our are very cute.
I just thought I mentioned it.
Okay, good.
Because I said to you, well, you don't care about that slot thing.
Sure I do.
I care a lot about the slot.
Care about the slots or the slots.
Yeah, I know the slot you care about.
Here's the poll, the new one that we just put up there and Chris said, don't understand it.
Now, are you finally caught up with us on this now or what?
I don't have a, I understand.
I'm just saying that.
What if someone's parents won't disown on no matter what?
Ah!
Okay, put it on there.
Okay.
Namvi above.
Hey, we can, we don't have to put it on.
I want you to put it on there now.
Okay.
Sasquatch.
He could first has already done most of these things and they still haven't disown themselves.
Yeah, well, I'm sure that.
That's a pretty good one.
It's a performing and porn.
I don't, I don't see that in his future.
Well, performing is a good one.
He could then other Ron Jeremy, I guess.
There are lots of roles, you know, important.
Yeah, jelly roles, I know.
Big fat roles like Oliver's, right?
I'll never forget as long as I live that day.
He sat right there where you're sitting now across that table.
And when I talked about what a miracle was that a big fat hairy ugly guy like him was a porn state,
he looked at me like I had just stabbed him through the heart with a, with a right.
Spear.
He, he made me face he's something.
He thinks he's a sex pot.
Right?
Had a superstar.
Oh my god.
Although he is double-jointed.
I mean, you got to hand that to him, so to speak.
You have to follow him.
Are you positive because your parents did his own you 82 votes?
I don't think they like this poll all that much either.
I say we go back to the beginning and start all over again.
All right, reset.
Commit a serious crime 25, vote Republican 15, become a drug addict 12,
whether you have to be on drugs to vote Republican or be a Nazi, one or the other.
Come out of a closet, eight.
Proc. yourself, seven.
Date outside your race, seven.
Performing in porn, four.
Convert from your religion, three.
Oi!
None be above one and vote Democratic one.
What you're right that none of the above is, uh, it's off to the race.
What's the biggest name to the best talent?
You have his new projects, 435.
62 AM.
The fourth leader.
This is the new Roger Shell.
This is your claim.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
Any questions?
The brokers on Wall Street don't know it yet, but a bear market is coming to get them.
One, two, bad news for you.
Three, four profits out the door.
A nightmare on Wall Street.
Five, six better, self-quiet, seven, eight, cut the interest rate.
Terror on the treating floor has stashed plummet into the gaps of hell.
A nightmare on Wall Street in portfolios everywhere.
I'm not saying I broke again.
Oh, but maybe it's a buying opportunity.
What do you think, huh?
Let's take a look.
Let's look at the gambling channel and see if there's some good news this morning.
Oh, yeah.
The dollar's up 222.
And then it's S&P is up 25 and a half.
And then ASDEC is up for something.
They just flip that thing again.
They flip this house.
That's another horrible show on A&E.
Flip this house.
Yeah.
Well, I see that's coming on.
I flipped the screen.
I mean, what?
And ASDEC's up 56 and a half.
What is that supposed to mean?
I mean, a chair for someone else making some money.
Why?
I don't know.
Just like all those home refurbishing.
Oh, who cares?
Jesus Christ.
Pretty soon we're going to have a show watching people pick their nose for Christ.
I say, what is that?
Watching people play golf, watching people play cards.
Watching people remodel a house.
Watching people play games.
Yeah, but you can bet on that.
You can bet on anything.
Can you?
Sure.
You can bet on who's...
I can't...
I wonder if Moe was betting on those...
Wigs tournaments, he was an Aussie, whatever that was.
That poker aircraft.
Ooh, boy.
Is that what that was?
I don't know.
I don't play cards.
And I'm sure that you can win money.
You know, video poker's where I said, well, good.
Go and make your living there, okay?
I go for the entertainment.
Last night on another one of those...
This was a dime machine.
Again.
I got 550 bucks.
Way to go.
Not bad, huh?
Not at all.
I put in 40.
I believe in I got 550 bucks.
I don't even know how.
You know, it's one of those digital ones.
Beep, boom, boom.
You know, you have no idea what you're getting.
But when the bell goes off and the little sign comes on,
hand pay jackpot, $550, you say, oh, I know what I'm getting.
Just come here and give me the money.
And then I hate when you have to sit there and wait.
And you look for the attendance, you know,
with their little stupid outfits on.
Well, when you slabs come over here, please give me the money.
Please.
They like doing that, so that the bell's keep bringing.
You didn't know that, don't you?
No, I didn't know that.
Oh, yeah.
So like on the dollar wheel of fortune,
if you had a two or three, you know, a jackpot, big one.
The bell goes off and it'll make you wait until the hell freezes over
because they want the bell to be ringing.
Everybody, oh my god, and they all come running around looking at your machine
and see that the five times the wheel of fortune, you know.
Look at that.
I don't understand people.
I just don't get it.
Like the ones that stand around and watch you play a slot machine.
What, what is that?
I don't get that.
Oh, yeah, they're a whole bunch of them.
I know, I've seen it.
They stand around in Montreal.
There was one old frog just almost on my shoulder.
And he just stand there watching the machine and thinking,
I turned around, finally, just give him a dirty look.
And he ran like a son of a bitch.
I'm wondering if those are people that, you know,
they've already lost their money and wish they could be playing.
That's all right.
Some of them, like Mr. Pension out at Woodbim.
Yeah, we call them as a play.
We hate you, Mr. Pension.
Go away.
He lost all his pension money.
I've told you this story before.
Because he'll think of the story 400 times a day if you let him.
And now his wife works.
And he, he gives him 20 bucks a day and he goes and has lunch
and hangs out and gets free drinks if the, you know,
a woodbim.
Ooh.
And talks, the wheel of fortune, that's his stomping point.
I see.
And he talks up his store.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
you know.
Mr. Pension, real a-hole.
Mayor Peter Masa of North Arlington, New Jersey,
put out a citywide cat call when his main coupon disappeared.
I think everybody should have a main coupon.
Right?
Masa had an automatic call since the 8,500 voters on Wednesday
asking for help to find Max, the main coupon.
Turns out he didn't have to look at it.
But if our Masa's wife Valsas, 14-year-old Max was found inside a wall of their house
sister in the morning, he had been missing since Tuesday.
Valsas said she didn't know how the 20-pound cat got into five-winch hole under the stairs.
Max was dehydrated and hungry, but otherwise fine.
The Masas had also offered a $500 reward for a stucco-doll 14-year-old cat.
Probably there was like a mouse in them all, wouldn't you think?
Or something.
Wouldn't it be interesting to see probably nauseating, not interesting,
to see what's inside the walls of your house?
The dog's eating his right.
Am I rightfully at Florida, all the molded?
Roaches and mold.
Oh, God only knows what's crawling around in there.
I remember once upon a time when I was a kid when I first was in my house.
There was a built-in radio in the wall of the kitchen, which I never turned on,
of course, because I don't know what's in the radio.
But anyway, there was something I had to do with it,
pull a knob off and then cockroaches came out from the radio.
There's roaches in your radio, baby, smoke on.
Seriously, there were like bloaches in the, in the course they were in the wall.
It's Florida, they're everywhere.
Are they really?
Oh, yeah.
Not in my house, because I got Steve the Birdman comes and tests with me, the ATM guy.
Thank God.
Thank God for you, Steve.
Now he's good.
He is good.
And then I had rats in the attic too, therefore, I remember I told you that.
With joy rattles?
Rats in my room would do e-rennels, and Tommy Shannon too, who ripped off the,
Tommy Shannon show was that song?
Well, weekend by the Rock and Rebels on swan records.
Well, what a moral.
My memory for garbage is just, it's amazing.
For example, this morning, I put my underwear in a few things in the washer to do my laundry.
And when I finished my shower and got all spruced up, I went in to put it in the dryer.
Well, the problem was it wasn't ready for the dryer yet because I left the lid up on the washing machine.
I say.
In other words, I put the stuff in there in the detergent, and I set the knob and turned it on,
but I had forgotten to put the lid down.
So there was a bunch of water in there, but it wasn't doing anything yet.
I didn't.
Huh?
I've done that.
Yeah, we've all done that.
I've done it a couple of times.
And I'm thinking, oh my God, I'm getting old and forgetful.
But if I can remember, Rock and Rebels on swan records and Wild Weekend, I met you at God of Thierry.
Do you have that?
It's the medley of their smash.
They were a group from Buffalo Local Group.
And there's a long story.
I don't know what the real story is, so I don't want to get sued and go on a year.
But Tom Shannon and Joey Reynolds were partners, evidently, and signed into some kind of a contract or whatever.
And supposedly they never got paid any royalties for this.
So it was released about 10 times and so collectively over a million records.
We came to a talk-up because it's...
You can't, but talk about Post-Nil.
You could talk about Post-Nil.
You could talk about Post-Nil, just like a hockey goal.
There you go.
So what you already said?
Oh, I have no idea.
I would guess...
...63.
Right on.
You said it?
It's brought on.
I think it was the first time you ever put that into your like, dead-on.
You normally get it like within one year.
I'm going to go to Woodbine.
Find me a good machine, man.
It must be my lucky day.
What do you think?
Well, not right now.
It's like that.
Oh, you can finish the show.
I don't want to go with my stuff.
I got five and two thousand years to go, yeah.
Well, seriously, I don't want to dwell on a Tom Jikker thing, but I just find it bizarre.
Because, you know, Tom's been nice to me here recently.
I don't know why, but he's been pretty good to me.
We wrote a good thing about the big flap we had back in the end of the year.
But it just seems to me, Tommy, that if you're going to want to talk to me,
you leave a number.
And at the very least, I could call you back and leave you a message,
leaving my cell phone number, whatever.
But just to call him, even messaging, I'll call you back later.
Knowing that I'm not here, knowing that I'm a wood buy,
knowing that I'm not going to be back probably for hours, which I wasn't.
Well, what's the point?
People do that all the time.
They'll send a fax asking some question.
And then they'll be like, no email, nothing, no way to answer it back.
Oh, here's the Pope at the UN.
And look at that.
Here's what I don't get.
I'm not watching.
Now, look at no way to me.
Why are the soldiers there saluting?
What are they saluting?
Are the pedophiles pedophilia?
That's seriously.
What were the soldiers have to salute the Pope?
He's not a military person right here.
What was that?
Or the president?
Well, he was in the Hitler U.
That commander-in-chief?
He was in the Hitler U.
He was in the commander-in-chief.
Kind of was able to give us a pre-interference.
He's speaking to the UN.
Baruch, I thought, and I passed the Matsuh...
I think the fact that he's here right on the era of a Paisach,
I think that is so insulting, man.
I think every Jew ought to like spit on a TV screen.
Like that.
Like Ape Herschfeld.
Like Ape, that's a good thing.
There's a good Jew for you.
You sure are a good spitter.
Right.
He got me.
Definitely hope.
Oh, Ape Herschfeld.
Hanke had him on his show that one time, remember?
Yes, it was.
Awesome of a bunch of lollipops.
Poor Hanke boy.
He's really been through the ringer.
How are we going to keep tabs on him?
I guess we'll have to watch, like,
when the Derby is on in May 5th, which is only what?
How many weeks away?
Three?
Today's the 18th.
About two weeks away.
Wow.
Now you better get Dave Jensen all greased up and proud.
Oh, well, don't call.
All right, I'll grease him up and go.
I got a bat.
Oh.
He's retired now.
Somebody said, hey Dave, retire.
What do you think that we hear all those serons out there?
Nope.
Yeah, you do.
I don't yet.
Can't hear them.
I could open up a window.
I don't bother.
Oh, there we go.
There we go.
It's some kind of an unmarked car.
Something really suspicious is going out there in Hogtown.
Let me tell you that right now.
I wonder where that name came from, Hogtown.
Not at all.
You think there were a lot of porkers here or something?
Or hog farms, you don't pick farms.
Bigger left, there's your Pope.
All right, he's getting that old face in here.
He's standing up.
He made me.
That's a bunch of slippers.
He looks like an old lady.
I don't want to like, you know, what?
You can't even drive him to a common place.
Whatever.
He's holding this about, mom, just kidding.
Of course I do.
But I mean, he looks like an old lady and he talks like an old lady.
I'm listening to him yesterday.
But I do this to extend.
He's talking like an old mama.
Yeah, and he's probably wearing a petticoat.
You know what, being an improvement.
And I wonder where would be the petticoat junction?
Back to the wall.
I wonder what is the function at the junction?
I sure hope he doesn't have that function.
While beating a diarrhea.
Yeah, he'd be waiting for the Pope to address the one.
But I'll Pope all day, man.
That's the new deal now.
I'll Pope all day.
125 votes on our second poll today.
We better start pushing up on these polls, man.
I mean, when Charlie B. has given me, have you ever killed a possum?
Can you even imagine the state of mind of someone to send you something like that?
I'd rather not.
I mean, you know something about hallucinogens.
He has to be, I can't even imagine what kind of drugs he could be doing.
Hey, it's the chair.
Yeah, nice to share, Charlie.
Where's your gun?
I'm in the hottest place.
40,000, 5,000.
60,000,000.
I mean, fourths later.
You were still there's lady in town.
Boy, she's another doxed you.
And she needs to buy breath that is unleavened.
Ooh, ooh, ooh.
And she buying breath it's unleavened.
He leavened.
Huh?
Oh, and the bread is wonder.
Oh, and the bread is wonder.
Oh, on the bed is the wonder.
Have to see some paysocks.
Oh, yeah.
Well, we sure miss her.
I'll tell you that.
Badly.
Mm-hmm.
I think when she passed to the other side, I think that's when she passed over.
What's down ahead and when she passed over, yeah?
See what this fax is here?
Oh, it's a piece of coffee.
Look at that.
Do it every by.
Yes.
Woo.
Boy.
I don't want to pee on anybody's parade, but it just strikes me being very bizarre.
Remember when Charlie Joe was in there yesterday?
And one of the things that he's touting now that we have this new deal is that, well, they're
going to like re, they're going to rejigger the sales effort toward selling the show.
Whatever that means.
Right.
You don't understand?
Mm-hmm.
Which is an admission on their part that they haven't been making much of an effort to sell
any endorsement spots on this show.
Well, that's because Joe's got to do them all, you know?
Right.
Because he can sing.
I can't sing.
Have you tried?
No, I don't want to try.
Come on.
I don't want to.
I mean, I know that I can do better than you feel like you bought from the factory.
I can do better than that.
There it is.
That's a rat.
And then the one where he's going, like that, doing the barking thing.
How did that one go?
Yeah, you got it.
What?
Like that.
Is that how tiny sounded?
Tiny sounded?
No, it's not how tiny sounded.
Little dogs don't sound like that.
They're like, yeah, right?
Yeah, little dogs are yaffers.
Shug your yaff, tiny.
Or, I totally were used to drive him nuts for his wife.
If you had a can of whipped cream in the refrigerator.
Okay.
Strawberries, rice cream or stuff like that.
Ready, whip?
Yeah.
And all you had to do was take the canister out of the refrigerator and just shake it.
Not even take the cap off yet.
And he would come, he would jump halfway to the ceiling.
He would jump so high.
And then he would like, take the cap off and, you know,
spit out like a little bit of it.
And he would lap it off the end of the lapper, you know?
I see.
The nozzle.
So if I sound a little nozzle today, it's probably because I have the...
The Rosalie?
Yeah.
Rosalie.
Yeah.
She's still there, by the way.
Oh yeah.
Well, she's been there a long time back to she knows where the bodies are buried.
And what about the freaky, uh, faggy carlos?
Is she still there?
Yeah.
Wow!
Now that's a good question.
Who is there who's been employed at Q&A the longest?
That's a good question.
Well Robert Grieper had, uh, employers interrupt us so he doesn't count.
He's been, you know, out and in and out.
All the way down to that.
Um, anybody beside them?
I'm trying to think.
I don't know about power.
What about power?
What about John Jaros?
How long has he been there?
Good and messy.
A lot to, uh, get with personnel.
You can start investigating all these things.
Let's find out who's been there the longest and who's going to get canned next to be good.
Michael Isacoff and Mark Hosenball in Newsweek.
Now this is too long to read on it.
It's way too long.
But it's the Prince of the Prime Minister, a British court stems banned our Bush and the Brits.
Certainly need to pass along some of this so that people can get even angry about the great low prices of gas.
Oh, here's the prop at the UN.
To meet the V.S.D. head, the law, and the law.
And the law, and the law.
The organization.
The Polakka.
And to thank him for the welcome which has given me.
What languages do you speak in ambassadors?
And the diplomats in the United States?
Those like brothers.
Was he speaking in fact couldn't hear him because there's other this interpreter like two name lives for the people's that you represent?
Yes, he did wash, was he a kind of rob?
I would be the boo whatever.
I hate that.
Do you have any idea when you call a business here in Canada?
Mm-hmm.
Press one if you want to continue in English.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
For France, say, uh, Pescia, uh, Pescia, over your phone.
Pescia on it.
A skating British court rule and could create more legal problems for Prince Banda, aka Banda, Bush.
Head of Saudi Arabia's National Security Council and the former Saudi ambassador in Washington, over his alleged rule in a massive multi-million dollar bribery scheme involving a major British aerospace firm.
The Justice Department's investigating allegations that UK-based British aerospace systems, BAE, paid millions of dollars in bribes to Banda, or other Saudi officials, in possible violation of a Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
Banda, who's close ties to the Bush family, earned him the nickname Banda, Bush, has retained former FBI director Louis Free to represent him in connection with a Justice Department probe.
A spokesman said Free was traveling overseas, couldn't be reached for comment. He's mum.
Supposed of the organization, the design of Pescia?
Oh, he's talking hockey talk now, the organization. Maybe the spokesman put him up to it.
Last week, the British high court ruled that then-Primonist or Tony Blair's government may have interfered with the rule of law in December 2006, when it ordered the British government's serious fraud office to shut down its own bribery investigation allegedly after Banda threatened to cut off Saudi cooperation with UK terrorism investigations if the inquiry continued.
Sounds like blackmail to me? Oh, what do I know?
The ruling could pressure the fraud office to be open its own shuttered investigation in the alleged scandal, Banda's representatives have repeatedly denied he engaged in any wrongdoing.
Right! Crooks of a feather do their crooked crap together. Trust me when I tell you.
Big, big fat crook, smoking big stogies on the White House patio there, and drinking fine, expensive wine.
Should only crook, cubman-draared, Banda are bush.
A US court recently froze Banda as American assets.
After Michigan pension fund with holdings in BAE, so to recover $2 billion in vibes the company allegedly paid Banda, since 1986, $2 billion.
Whoa!
I bet you we could have a good time with that. Sure.
Noting that Banda had recently sold at least three US properties that a claim were purchased with BAE bribe money, the pension fund earlier this year persuaded US District Court Judge Rosemary Collier to wish her a temporary injunction banning Banda from selling any more US-based property while the order was enforced.
Banda allegedly sold two residences in Aspen, Colorado, one for $8.6 million, another one for a Pauldfree $3.9 million, according to court papers filed by the pension fund lawyers.
According to court documents, Banda are still owns his sprawling Herald Ranch, a 95-acre property in Aspen, said to feature 15 bedrooms, 16 bathrooms, a private barber shop and beauty salon, its own sewage treatment plant, sculpture gardens, fish ponds, ski trails, a massive hot tub, and barbecue pit, large enough to roast goats.
The property was valued 135 million in 2006, that is own sewage treatment plant, that's a good thing because you know those Saudis are full of crap.
Banda's represented in the pension fund lawsuit by William Bradford Reynolds, the Chief of the Justice, Barman Civil Rights Division, during the Reagan administration, Reynolds didn't respond immediately to a message from Newsweek requesting comment, of course, they're all mum, what are they going to say?
He's a crook?
What up? Although Banda has been rarely seen in the US over the past year, senior US official met with him last year, said he occasionally surfaced to express his peak over the inquiries of the BA matter.
It was mad, he was angry, he was in a sniff. I always said it was full of sniff, said one US official met with Banda our last year, after the Justice Department had begun its probe. He thought it was being treated unfairly.
The British Court ruling strongly criticized the actions of both Banda and senior members of the British government, including former Prime Minister Tony Blair.
The court said that if a person subject to British criminal law, which Banda was a foreign government official in diplomat, is not, had made the kind of threats to UK officials that the Saudi Prince allegedly did, he would be risked being charged with attempt of a worth of court's justice, in Britain perverting the court's justice, is the equivalent of obstructive justice, in the USA, and it goes on, it will be on our website tomorrow. We didn't weep.
Read it and weep, or maybe it's on there today. Today or tomorrow, scour those stories, man, read them, read them in weep, or read about Jason Taylor and dancing with the stars.
Oh, no, yeah. He's going to be on, or maybe he already was on either a Leno or one of those late nights shows that nobody watches. I sure don't.
To talk about being on dancing with the stars.
Now exciting, can you imagine anything more exciting than Jason Taylor being on a late night talk show talking about being on dancing with the stars.
Absolutely. I mean, that to me is so stimulating, I want to just plots. I want to have just oozing wild screaming diarrhea for months.
Oh, by the way, the Pope has been farting real bad. He had a blueberry omelette this morning, a man, everybody in there, look at how they're all holding their nose, or maybe they just don't like what he's saying.
And they don't like the French. I don't know his new projects.
420 or 560 QAM.
They're sports later.
Either you best do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He said you put that phone.
Say it now, come please.
Say you put that phone.
Back them.
And your dream is gone.
Now go and get a real job.
Nobody gone and voted for you on that telephone.
So tag your bad bad old.
Say you put that phone.
Say you put that phone.
Say you put that phone.
Say you put that phone.
And go back away and get in front of the way.
Number 31 or 560.
That wasn't to amusing or entertaining, but it killed me out 45 seconds.
I'm like that.
Pope is still huckin' to try and kick the event.
In the face of new repeated challenges, it would be an era to hide behind a pragmatic approach, which would be limited to establishing common bases with a minimum content.
So here's what I'd like to know.
Who the hell is he?
Who died and anointed him as the spokesman for the University of University?
Who the hell is he?
Jesus.
He's talking like all these other people, most of these people at the UN, they're not Catholic.
So what the other day care what he's talking about?
This is the thing that really pisses me off most about the whole concept of the papacy and the Vatican, all of the other things that are at least far-bisoned Catholics, man.
Keep it to yourself, okay?
If you want to talk to Catholics, go to a Catholic church and give them a song in advance. Go to another one of your baseball stadiums and bring wash all those stupid kids.
But he is, you know, he's all you're wrong. It's the Holy Father, Neil, the Holy Father, yeah.
It's the papacy.
For most people, a sneeze is nothing more than an ordinary biological act. One, a chew and it's over.
But for a certain group of enthusiasts, sneeze means much more.
Many swoon over a delicate chew accompanied by a fine mist.
Oh, fine mist! Some like the breathy build-up, some like the release afterward. Others prefer them in series one after another and another in a flimsy trifecta.
Oh, I hate that. I can't stand people, you know. I mean, I realize they can't help it.
Right. People with allergies and cramps.
One of my friends can't sneeze once it's a series of like three or four in-mapet succession. It's scary that you want to leave the room.
It is. And you wonder if they're ever going to stop.
Use it to the ears. Maybe not for most, but for those with a sneezing fetish, hearing a sneeze tickles them in all of my places and with allergy season upon us,
enthusiasts can look forward to some quality sneezing.
Take for example the members of sneeze fetish forum.
Oh, yeah. You're kidding, right?
Sneeze fetish forum, a sight with discussion boards related to all things rhinologic.
Like rhino, like Ryan Sandberg probably gets a lot on there.
One poster describes a woman who has the cutest sneeze ever.
She gives a big, ah, makes this squeaks out of a pimped stifle and then lets out a loud, chew.
Ah, chew!
Response posts were often a leak in gradual terrain, ambious to the posters and counters with the sneezer.
One wrote, oh, what I wouldn't do to work in a desby side your coworker.
Another said, that's great. I wish I could make a certain someone allergic to me.
Yuck, yuck.
The rest of the birds have no simple explanation for how sneezing fetishes and dean fetishes in general developed.
Sneezes themselves are not simple at all. I mentioned everybody thought about this.
Sure I have.
I mean, have you?
I'll leave it to you.
A sneeze occurs in two phases during the nasal phase and irritant.
Dust particles, allergens or chemicals stimulates nerves in the nose.
The brain signals nasal blood vessels to dialy and nasal vans to begin producing liquid.
These events trigger the diaphragm and muscles in the soft palate to constrict during the respiratory phase.
The eyes close to the body first to forcefully expel air and with it the irritant through the nose.
The process moves rather quickly but a person with a sneeze fetish can find erotic pleasure in those few seconds and experts are stumped as to why.
Erotic pleasure?
Yeah.
No.
So they find creative ways to describe what's going on in the mind. And that's like saying you have erotic pleasure when you fart, you know.
You know what? Wouldn't surprise me.
Which by the way Charlie B. wanted his poles, not just have you ever killed a possum, which he said that one was going to be for a day when you were hosting.
I don't know what that means.
Well I had some possum problems at the house there.
Yeah.
So.
So yeah, there you go.
I mentioned possums and does so.
Yeah, right away he's got a pull on it.
Here's another one.
Men's Health Magazine says the average guy fartes 10 to 14 times a day.
This is blank.
About right for me when I fart in a week or when I fart in an hour.
10 to 14 times a day.
I haven't counted it.
I never counted it.
I guess if you have a fart fetish, you know, you probably will count.
The number of a shady blasts.
But anyway, though they find creative ways to describe what's going on in the mind and body when it comes to sex.
Both therapists and researchers know a little about how sexual behavior is developed.
Some theories propose humans know what or what doesn't appear to be sexually by age 8.
Obviously, arousal patterns continue to develop throughout the teen years and beyond.
But fetishes tend to be deep-seated often form of a young age.
I mean, for example, if I was like 19 years old and saw Stephen, what's his name?
Straight.
Straight.
I would have gotten really a turgid, I think.
Suppose a child, oh my god.
Suppose a child were playing with him or herself.
And at the same time, they hear someone in the next room sneeze that Linda de Villars, a LA-6, their prison psychologist, the connection is made.
What?
But beyond a personal fetish, these he may mimic other sexual behaviors, especially organisms.
It might be a good psychological parallel or metaphor said, Howard Ruppell, dean of the Institute for Advanced
itive Human Sexual Abuse in San Francisco, it's like a build-up and let go or release.
Yes, so it's like a bad B.M., I would say. You know, nothing sexy about that.
Especially if you're still about your pants on.
But I would say this theory is nonsense.
Developing sexual behaviors including kinks and fetishes is a highly individual process, they say.
Like process cheese.
Product.
A person with a fetish places great sexual importance on and becomes intensely aroused by inanimate objects,
although body parts, like hands and feet are often fetishized as well.
These objects are very...how did the story that started about sneezing come into this?
I guess it's because of that sneezing fetish.
These objects are required in conjunction with sexual activity for a person to be turned on.
According to Daniel Waterway, sex therapists and clinical psychologists in New Jersey,
the clinical definition of a fetish has a pathological component as well.
In order to be a diagnosable thing, that interest has to create some distress within the person or inability to work or live their life in some way.
Water said the element of being distressed is crucial. I'm distressed right now.
And Pops says, hey, you like distress.
Daniels?
They don't like distress.
A fetish can disturb a partnership if it becomes the primary focus of a couple of sex life.
Developed and described a couple she knew who engaged in bondage during sex.
The man needed to type his girlfriend or to be sexually functional sex therapist, the brother said,
she went along with it, she probably found it fun.
But bondage and sex became too intertwined with the couple's love life.
Unless she was tied up, the man wasn't interested in his girlfriend and she began to feel unattractive and unhappy,
the brother said, maybe she was unattractive. Maybe she was a beast.
Is it healthy to have a creative playful variety in your sex life? Yes, the brother said,
when it becomes very ritualized, it isn't much fun as mandatory and odds are it's ultimately not going to be very satisfied.
And this goes on forever.
A fetish isn't going to be, I don't, I mean, you sneeze. That's all.
You sneeze, get it over with and then move on with it.
And I don't wipe your nose and you're sleep.
What?
Have you ever seen that?
All the time.
Kids do that well.
Not just kids.
And don'ts?
Oh yeah.
Your nose on the sleeve?
Oh, on their sleeves, on their hands, on the back of their hand.
Maybe Charlie Beade come up with a pull about that.
Not.
Or he's just, you know.
I think Amy must have had a great time in Europe because whatever he was doing with her,
obviously affected his mind when he was doing it.
They can't all be good, you know.
Just keep sending them will sort out the good ones.
They can't all be good.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I couldn't have been that great.
It skips my mind.
How's Christy when are you still alive?
I'm here.
Hundred eight nine votes on your second poll.
That would be heaven a first one.
Nine, nine something, didn't we?
We had nine ten of these.
Nine or eleven.
Well there you go.
You're way over thousand and it's a Friday and today before pace off the ride.
I'm going to quote this name to the best time.
I'm going to make you a miracle, Roger.
456.
I am the fourth leader.
I'm the fourth leader.
I'm the fourth fuck throughout Friday, you bastard.
I'll be helping you today.
Hey, would you please be having your proof serve me?
We are having a sale on camera.
We have a hundred bars and you can even...
...reve...
I'm afraid that is not visible.
We are a G-G-A-G-A-D-A.
We're gonna tell you everything.
Christy may be proud that inside I'm seeing a...
...the Jesus crew we put up with in fact.
It is only because we're so bad at it.
You can't blame a group of reactions on my group.
But we don't want to drink out of you.
We should feel like our proof.
We're gonna choose by being a kind of thing.
We're gonna take you up my pier and fill my face with me.
We're gonna take you up my pier and fill my face with me.
We're gonna choose to live, baby.
She's grown H-E-C-E-G-G-R-G-A-D-A.
We're gonna take you up my pier and fill my face with me.
We're gonna take you up my pier and fill my face with me.
We're gonna take you up my pier and fill my face with me.
We're gonna take you up my pier and fill my face with me.
Let me 45 and 55, 60 WQ AM.
Happy Pace Off.
Happy Friday.
Happy, uh, whatever.
Whatever you're celebrating.
Happy Pappy.
Slide Pappy.
All right, I will.
Do you want to take some calls?
I don't.
Ow!
Well, let me take a look at my pile here.
Now, I'm going to get an article by Ted Raw and your favorite.
Mm-hmm.
I just, our Texas inmate cons is way into Idaho ballot.
That's kind of cute, but that's way down the list.
I don't think we'll get to that.
But you never know.
I think we'll just keep the rule in the long.
You know, singing this song.
All right.
And if we have time for calls later, like it about 230, you know.
Curtis will be out for jerks today, by the way, between 2 and 4.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Indeed.
So, you see, as always, hit the place, it's an assembly of synonyms.
Cybermanifesting is specific character as a subject in the international.
In the international toilet.
My god, he's not like an older grandma, an old Bobby, didn't he?
Yes, he does.
My old lady.
Papa, with those little silly red shoes, those pumps.
Very stylish.
They're one of the most what?
Sorry.
Can I do the story or not?
Oh, if you want.
What were you about to say there?
I said there's no question.
Very stylish.
The dress?
All of it.
The whole thing, man.
The whole thing, man.
The glasses went out with white bucks.
Somebody needs to get him a new fashion coordinator for his glasses.
Maybe he gets some bifogals like Carl Liven.
And who is the other moment of bifogals?
I forgot it.
Herbert Linton.
Oh, you know what's his name?
ABC News Charlie Gibson.
So you took me a second to figure it because I don't watch Charlie Gibson.
I don't watch ABC News.
And after that debate, I probably nobody else will get either.
What a joke.
Anyway, speaking of TV News people, one of the most watched newsmen of our time,
Warren Katie Kirk, that it wouldn't be easy when she created her popular Perky Rule
on the Today Show for the more serious CBS evening news.
You suck, Katie.
I told her when she left that it's a dive off the high board.
Tom Brokaw told me the business week during the visit to Boston.
This is harder than it looks to go from the morning to the evening,
especially when you have a bad speech impediment against Speak Tom.
And Brokaw should know.
He too was hosted in BC Today Show before he began anchoring the peacock network's nightly news.
Nightly news, solo in 83, opposed to more than two decades astonishingly.
Nightly news.
I think they made a number of mistakes in terms of how they marketed her
and what their approach to news was, Brokaw.
But the last thing we're going to do is get involved in Katie's business.
Brokaw was years into his anchoring career before he owned the top rating spot,
stealing it from longtime permanent ABC's world news tonight with Peter Jennings' rest in pieces.
Brokaw was number 1.97 until his departure in 2004.
While Kirk was awaiting success in the morning, her newscast has lagged in third place
after 19 months on the job.
Her numbers are like Joel Feinberg.
Oh!
Kirk reportedly could be calling it clicks before $15 million of your contract is up in 2011.
News of her possible exit surface actor, CBS owned stations across the country,
slashed, stashed, and some high-profile personalities including WBZ, TV, sports legend, Bob Lobel.
See, this is what's going on in this business, radio and TV.
They're slashing and burning, baby.
Don't quit!
And they are.
People watched people said Brokaw, who was at Tufts University for the 100th anniversary,
Edward Armero Memorial Conference.
Brokaw said the legendary Merrill was popular not just because he had great integrity,
but also because he was a great blockcaster.
He had a way of presenting the news, and so people felt engaged by him, Brokaw said,
same way with all the crime-catering was successful people,
who didn't have a speech impediment by the way, right?
I mean, that well, Edward Armero, he was the epitome of journalism.
He actually said that on the air, the epitome.
Now, this is a great intellectual, a brilliant journalist.
Hey, bro, anybody can make a mistake, you know?
The epitome?
I mean, I butcher all those words that Marine Dowd puts in a New York Timescom.
Nobody can paint about that because most of them don't know what they are anyway.
That's right.
Nobody has a copy of Marine.
She's probably got a pseudo-intellectual writer who throws those words into her columns,
because she just doesn't seem like the artsy, artsy tech to me.
She seems kind of like a plain Jane, you know?
Although, maybe she is a pseudo-intellectual.
How the purpose done there at the UN?
Yeah, underscored that we just worked together.
They may be out to the fall, let's hear it from Papa.
All right, Poppy.
The inequities across the board.
Yeah.
Talking about a lot of crap.
But they met with some of the survivors of abuse by priest,
and they said, oh, we feel so bad about it, you should only know,
and they said, oh, great, you know, they're just easy.
People are very easy.
Yeah, they are.
Especially when you wear an outfit like that, you know, it's kind of intimidating.
Oh, yeah, you're intimidated by that, that's right.
Speaking of that, Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts has made good on this promise
to introduce what he called the Make Room for Serious Criminals Bill on March 21st.
Oh, I see, on March 21st, appearance on HBO's Real Time with Bill Mar.
Crosbots being the Bill of Representatives, Ron Paul of Texas, Marisa Hincey of New York,
Dana Robocker, California, and Sam Far of California.
Congressman Barney Frank is introduced by partisan legislation,
named it removing federal restrictions on the individual in Yusomer,
one bill would remove federal penalties for the personal Yusomer,
and the other versions of which Frank has filed in several preceding sessions of Congress
would allow the medical Yusomer, one in states that have chosen to make its use for medical purposes
legal with the doctor's recommendation.
Representative Ron Paul joined Frank as a sponsor,
a co-sponsor of the federal penalties bill.
The co-sponsors of the medical marijuana bill, I just got through telling them.
Congressman Frank released a following statement explaining the legislation.
He helped him talk a little bit.
Talks like he's got a mob for.
Well, I think it is poor law enforcement to keep on the books legislation that establishes
as a crime something which in fact society does not seriously wish to prosecute.
In my view, having federal law enforcement agents engage in the prosecution
of people who are personally using marijuana is a waste of scarce resources
but are used for serious crimes.
In fact, this type of prosecution often meets with public disapproval.
The most frequent reasons and reasons of the federal prosecution of individuals
using marijuana for medical purposes in states that have voted usually by public referendum
to a law such use.
Because current federal law has been interpreted as a super-seating state law in this area,
most states that have made medical Yusomer a model legal have been unable to actually implement their laws.
When doctors recommend the Yusomer Wana for the patients in states that are willing to permit it,
I think it's wrong for the federal government to suspect either the doctors or the patients
their criminal prosecution.
More broadly speaking, the norm in America is for the states to decide whether particular behavior
should be made criminal.
To make the smoking of marijuana, whether for medical purposes or not,
one of those extremely rare instances of federal crime, literally to make a federal case out of it,
is wholly disproportionate to the activity involved said by any Fed.
We do not have federal criminal prohibitions against drinking booze,
and there generally are no criminal penalties for the use of tobacco at the state and federal levels for adults.
There is no rational argument for treating marijuana so differently from these other substances barney be sand.
To those who say that the government should not be encouraging the smoking of marijuana,
my response is that I completely agree, but it's a great mistake to divide all human activity into two categories,
those that are criminally prohibited, and those that are encouraged.
In a free society, there must be a very considerable zone of activity between those two poles,
in which people are allowed to make their own choices, as long as they're not impinging on the right's feet and their property of others.
I believe it's important with regard to the back of a marriage wini and alcohol among other things that we strictly regulate the age of which people may use these substances,
and enforcement of age restrictions should be firm.
That's what the Pope says, it should be firm.
But criminalizing choices that adults make because we think they are unwise ones when the choices involved have no negative effect on the rights of others is not appropriate in a free society.
If the laws on proposing past states will still be free to treat marijuana as they wish, but I don't believe that the federal government should treat adults who choose to smoke marijuana as criminals,
federal law enforcement is a serious business and we should be concentrating on our efforts in this regard and measures that truly protect the public.
Amen! That a boy barney fag, you go, you go girl.
Are you like that?
He's great. He's not a designated speaker though, you know, like they have designated ladies and bays.
He's not a local.
Oh, I can't understand a word, Senator.
Yeah.
Now where's that thing about barney fag?
It's under Dick Arby.
Oh, I know.
I'm like, patient quiet.
Man, I don't need to listen to barney fag.
Barney Frank, crying in in my ear because I've made a few bucks off a book I worked on.
Yeah, you tell him, Dick.
Anyway, how's that pull coming, Chris? Are you really, are you ought to be thrilled to death?
I'm sorry, I'll be about it.
907, 901, on the first one, 907?
Oh, no, 911.
911.
Oh.
That sounds ominous.
And 209 on this one, it's 11, 911.
1120.
You're going to make over 1200 votes with these two polls from Friday on a Friday, no less
during.
Now, pay stock usually is not a good time for us.
But I guess we've already chased all the Jews away, at least I have.
So, right?
Why?
I don't know.
Who knows?
Because I'm making fun of the mozza and pay Siddiqui candy and all this other caca, man.
Well, it's something to do.
You know, it's a reason to get the family together and sit around the table and drink a little bit of wine.
Part a lot like that.
I wonder if you're a Kiski on paysock.
There's no meat in it, right?
That's an interesting point.
Wait a minute.
There's beef fat.
Because Kiski's are intestines, correct?
And the food, yeah, product is wrapped inside of the lining of the intestine, correct?
You don't eat that, unless you're a crazy person, right?
I guess you could do it once.
But I'm curious because the lining of the cow's stomach or whatever that is that rings around the Kiski.
Does that make it a tray if you can eat that?
It's probably not kosher for paysock, Kiski.
I don't know.
Well, I remember suggested that I go eat at that deli that they took me to a hundred miles from here a few hours ago.
That was a nightmare deli.
There were the bad tables where I was banging my knee because every time I tried to move,
there's a table about to size your thumb.
Kind of like the tip that Rimmer left, the size of a thumb.
I never forget his daughter was so agaish.
She let her like, oh my, when he took the check.
The waitress put the check in the little table he grabbed it and shoved it over and she like,
I couldn't believe it.
Revealing.
I guess she didn't realize how cheap daddy really is.
I don't know.
I guess name.
The best talent.
It is new Rajesh, 456QAM.
The sports leader.
This mark, Morgan, is the 12-1 hour on Q8M.
Norma can.
Mr. Can, this is clear channel.
We're prepared to offer you.
Let's see, there's my Mickey Mantle rookie part.
Norma can.
Hello, Mr. Can.
This is XM.
We're looking for an anchor show for our network.
And would you?
Where's my head, Crane Pool?
There it is.
Norma can.
Hello, Mr. Can.
This is no commas.
I'm calling I have to find my mark, Drone Berry.
Oh, Norma can.
Oh, Joe Bell here.
Hi, Joe.
I'm just calling to let you know and I'm reading for more of the same of nothing to go nowhere.
It's still underway.
Oh, okay.
I thought my shoe was Joe Jackson, Cardinal Fair, ringtone.
So once you're big meat, you're big sit down with Jolly Jolly, you know?
I don't know.
Why not?
Because he hasn't said.
He was in the yesterday morning, man.
Just kissing your ass and let's, you know, looky, looky, looky, looky.
I must have missed that.
No, you did not.
You had to go and towel off.
Christ say.
Okay.
222 and none of the above.
I told you we needed to put that on.
There's winning.
71 winning easy.
Parents wouldn't disown you.
I mean, what kind of parents would that be?
Crampy parents, right?
Which is that funny of?
Sure.
See, this whole concept is really cocky.
I think that everybody is cut out to be a parent.
Right.
It's just ridiculous.
I mean, some people can't, they can't make it on their own.
Much less raise a child.
They have difficulty even getting out of bed in the morning and figuring out which hand to the wife they're asked with.
Much less having any parenting skills.
But nevertheless, I'll be able to hear Christ will be a great daddy though someday.
Why thank you.
Or maybe not.
I don't know.
I think you would be a good one.
No, I would not.
Oh, please, please.
Okay, good mother.
Ever.
Not even.
Democratic Senator Barack Obama dismissively talked about his debate with Senator Swolorby Clinton and Melinda questioning for ABC's news moderators arguing that it focused on political trivia at the expense of the problems facing average voters.
You know something?
Nope.
Well, before I do that story, there's one in here that is so much better.
I mean, I'm going to read that too, of course.
Oh, here it is.
It's by Steve Young, who's great.
I'm smoking chimp.
51 to 11, the odds that ABC knows how to run a presidential debate.
This is a set of my preceded if they fill it off your Kimmel Center, checking my watch.
It was either running fast or I'd been swept into a space-time continuum that was about to swallow up any semblance of a learning experience.
Unfortunately, it was the latter.
It took 52 minutes before ABC anchored debate moderator Charlie Gibson decided to ask an actual policy question.
The 51 minutes prior were filled with questions concerning verbal gaps, personal associations, whether each candidate would select each candidate as a vice president, which anyone would half a moderator's mind would know how the candidates would answer anyway.
The first policy question, Concerto Rack, and that tit for tat lasted exactly 11 minutes.
51 to 11.
51 minutes involving Reverend Wright, William Ayers, Flag Pins, and Bosnia Fables, 11 minutes on how to deal with one had cost hundreds of thousands of deaths, hundreds of billions of dollars in cash, and devastation out of military readiness.
51 to 11, major issue of symmetry or the odds against the country making an intelligent decision for president.
51 to 11, important presidential debate, more like talk radio minutia.
Somewhere at Fox News my buddy Sean Hannity had to be topping champagne. He and the rest of the lords have allowed a chape the Democratic debate. No fault of Hannity is just doing his job.
Too bad Gibson and Step on Top of His Didn't Do There's. 51 to 11, an insult to intelligence, the American voter, and time.
And as usual, Stevie on, not the football player is...
I'm still moving correct, sir.
The calmness. Not the football queen, actor or player.
225 on Chris's Polar, man, he's kicking ass and I told you, none of the above is winning way ahead of everybody else.
But I said I'm not right at the beginning, what?
I should have listened to you earlier.
I told you.
And what about the possum one?
What about it?
We do it?
No, I'm not going to do it. I mean, it was bad enough that I could kind of do it and I want to about what's your favorite sandwich filling?
Will we get dressed it up a little bit?
Yeah, dress that with a possum? Like the Pope?
Gress them up like the Pope? Put a little dress in a little of a beanie on them.
Give me a yarmulka.
Possums. I don't even know what a binaural raccoons look like.
I'm going to email you again.
And then what armadillos look like out by me, out there in the hinterlands?
There's all them kind of armaments, although mostly raccoons.
They're everywhere. I'll send you a picture.
It looks like big rats.
A possum.
It looks like rats?
Like a big rat.
Really?
Tree rat, the pre-handsile tail.
Now maybe that's what I had in the attic there because we had them of armant killers coming in them.
But what they were doing is they were staying in the trees and they were like tiptoeing across and fighting and opening in the attic and sneaking in there the whole damn family.
And of course we had the trees trimmed and now of course and also the opening shmurred down.
So they can't get in there no more.
You have a white face, little pink eyes.
Well that's great. Sounds so cute.
Yeah. Shoot them.
You know what else they also have?
Rabbis.
Yeah, you're not allowed to shoot them or even harass them.
What? Possums?
You can't even speak rudely to them.
What do you mean you can't shoot out?
Based on what?
Based on their indigenous wildlife.
Get out of here. You can't shoot a possum.
You'll have to send you the little green hair Meg.
Get out of here Meg.
Coded for us, then came to the go-
We had any more faxes about her lately or not.
No, no. Oh good.
Wait, wait, wait.
Randy, I don't hate you at all.
Congratulations.
Get out of here Meg.
Get out of here Meg.
I did like that.
I liked the fact that she told Bob Green to stovet and also the people at Scare America.
I don't like the fact that she's a rip off but that's beside the point.
Democratic Senator Barack Obama dismissively talking about his debate with Senator Swirli and Delana questioning
from a VC news moderator is arguing and focused on political trivia
and the expense of the problems facing average voters.
And of course, he's absolutely correct.
And thank God I only saw a few minutes of it. I forgot about it.
At a rally in the May 6th primary state of North Carolina, Obama drew roars of approval yesterday
when he mocked aspects of the presidential debate that had him on the defensive Wednesday night.
He faced tough questions about his controversial pastor, his comments about bitter voters in small towns,
and his relationships with the 1960s radical.
Deadpanning, the Illinois Senator says, it doesn't get much more fun than these debates they're inspiring events.
In criticism of his rivalry called the debate the rule out of the Revoltan campaign against me in November
and said it represented textbook Washington politics that Clinton was very comfortable playing.
They liked stirring up controversy and liked playing gotcha games, giving us to attack each other.
He said, Senator Clinton looked in her element.
She was taking every opportunity to get a dig in here, a dig in there.
That's her right to kind of twist an ankle a little bit. That's the lesson she learned when Republicans did it to her in the 90s.
The Obama campaign also sought to capitalize on the debate, sending out a fundraising appeal title, gotcha, and soliciting $25 donations.
Last night I think we said a new record because it took us 45 minutes before we'd been started talking about a single issue that matters to the American people
of the moment, told the North Carolina crowd, 45 minutes before we heard about health care, 45 minutes before we heard about Iraq, 45 minutes before we heard about jobs, 45 minutes before we heard about gas,
prices, ABC news, Charles Gibson with a stupid biphocals and George Step on top of his pointedly question to Obama and Clinton politely challenged arrival.
When you're running for the presidency, just kind of let it Obama said pretending to flick-lit off his pants and jacket. He flicked it.
Another debate between the two seems unlikely. Obama had agreed to a debate in North Carolina on Saturday.
Clinton's agreed to a debate April 27 in Rawley sponsored and televised by CBS News, but they're not going to have any more debate said Obama.
He said I'll be honest with you now we've had 21. It's not as if we don't know how to do these things. I could deliver Senator Clinton's lines and I'm sure she could deliver mine.
Later taking a question from a fourth-rate boy who said he'd been elected as class representative at school, Obama asked, how many debates did you have to have? None, the boy replied. None. That sounds good, Obama said. None.
As in ain't getting on. I'm sure he's getting some. Plenty.
As I make him a bad guy, as I make him not all American like Tom Brady, make some a card. He said, old cocker that called in, I think, oh I thought he was a clean cut boy.
He needy cut. I'll do some investigative work for you. Can't find out about that part of it. Clean, I don't know. Although clean and cut generally go hand in gland. Clanned in hand.
He's not with the president over that oil surpasses $1,16 a barrel.
All right, thank you Mr. President and your Saudi butcher friends for raping the world. Another record gas now, 345 a gallon of the national average for regular 345 a gallon.
Thank considerably more for working out a whopping 384 a gallon. Now over New Jersey here, they're getting a steel average there. Only 3.
It sounds like their queen Ellie felching. Can't you hear the run away? Is this gas prices almost the same day on issue number one, but it's one thing to talk about the price of a gallon of gas.
It's another entirely to have the opportunity to hear how all of you out there are coping with rising costs. So we've decided to ask you.
I'm filling up every half of tanks so it doesn't look so bad, but it's costing me about $150 a week.
You know, your very, your very, maybe a diet could help. Look at that fat slide. You see that guy there? Nope. Oh my god. Let's go. I don't look at all that fat. The first one was all real.
Real pork. If you cut down on the food a little bit and make room for the gas. All right now with that kind of a puppet. He's probably making plenty of gas of his own.
The biggest name to the best talent. He's real.
The sports leader. Why the you best.
Well, she wants was the attorney general.
When she was in charge it was business as usual.
She's one tough woman and let me tell you that's noble. I mean she is. Well now all of the Democrats love in her.
Ever since she's been seen my brother governor. Well, there's just one question I'd like to ask her.
Why do you shake? John Reno. Why do it straight.
Jer no what do say?
We got to let for impossible you want to take control.
By sixteen and five sixty W KVA M happy pace off get out the month and no one on.
Don't kiss you though.
I was speaking to food right near this.
Now you eat anything that I want.
Don't eat anything.
From how he's at a sandwich.
Sandwich?
Yeah, good one.
With bread?
Oh yeah.
You love bread.
I do.
I like bread.
And what about Chris there?
Fat Chris?
Nothing.
Because of the mow line.
See?
Because of the two things.
Do you know?
Yeah, I don't want to eat anything after getting the...
Oh that's right.
You got your cat fell off your temporary cat.
And he had to go to the dentist and came in late this morning very late.
And Josh Kordistuk is nose in there for about 10 seconds.
Pretending he was going to like fill in for you?
He didn't know.
Well he was a very nice guy instead of if I didn't make it he would have started the show.
Well wasn't that sweet of him huh?
Maybe even said I'm a check for a thousand.
If I had a thousand.
A row over a packet of pistachio nuts.
Led a New Zealand man to being beaten to that outside of Sydney pub.
Damien Peter Hopper 29 is on trial for murdering John.
What?
Nothing.
Peter Hopper?
Yes.
I don't call that.
I'm sure.
He's on trial for murdering John Henry Tamupu 25.
Oh it's better.
Outside a more tail hotel in southern Sydney April 2005.
The New South of Wales Supreme Court was told that Mr. Tamupu died from head injuries
after being repeatedly punched by Hopper.
And we're Dennis Hopper.
He was um...
Yeah.
I'm Perry Mason.
What though was that character?
I don't know.
From Perry Mason.
The lawyer.
His good buddy, the detect really.
He had been in so many good movies.
I know him from that stuff.
Who?
Dennis Hopper.
No not Dennis Hopper.
Head of Hopper.
Whatever he was.
His name was something Hopper.
Hopper Hopper.
Not Dennis Hopper.
Everybody knows who Dennis Hopper is.
Now this was the guy that played...
Oh I can't think of his name.
Google Perry Mason, Chris.
Yeah but what was his name?
William Tragg who was a Hamilton Burger.
There was only like a button, Della Street.
Della Street was the mother of that William Cat that played in a murder favorite song.
A show of murder.
Biggest show.
Yeah, right.
He was cute.
But anyway, instead of only like four or five characters there was Perry Mason and the DA and the judge.
And then this guy and Della Street.
You remember him?
Nope.
Are you googling him up or William Hopper?
William Hopper.
Okay so I had the wrong first name.
Obviously we got Dennis Hopper on our mind.
Okay it's a little more contemporary.
Okay even for an old fart like me.
William Hopper.
What's the name of the character?
Paul Drake.
Paul Drake.
There you go.
Don't remember that?
Nope.
Dada.
Dada.
I remember that.
Dada.
Dada.
He was only saved most episodes after Raymond Burr.
We'll see there you go.
You're curious about how celebrating with teammates from the St. George region rugby league team
when his group encountered Mr. Tempuh and his flatmate and brother-in-law William McCall,
flatmate.
Dada.
Okay.
BAH!
We need to do this again man.
Best TV singer in a long, long time.
I've got it in the possibly half-blancher gun scene.
Oh, oh.
Yeah.
He is real pretty man.
Even though he's got a party mile.
He's got a party mile.
Yeah.
Anyway, I do the stretch very, uh, yeah.
Mr. McCall bought a packet of pistachio nuts from a late night's store outside the pub.
Hopper, I said I could have some nuts.
Mr. McCall told him to go and buy his own, but Hopper persisted.
He wanted his nuts.
When Mr. Tempuh stepped into help with his friend, Hopper ripped his shirt off,
ready to fight and shout him, I should just smash you.
Hopper swung a punch at Mr. Tempuh, who fell over, hitting his head on the ground with a thud.
The accused jumped on top of him, hit him in the face about eight to ten times.
Mr. McCall told him to hit Mr. Tempuh, who was lying on the floor with his arms by his sides,
as Hopper kneeled over him during the attack.
Hopper's barrister, Tanya, ever said,
the fall on the concrete caused the fatal skull fracture.
Oh, he had fatal, he died.
Yeah.
Over a pistachio.
Well, if he would have let him have his nuts.
So, I was to show you,
when somebody wants your nuts, surrender.
Is that a fact?
I love speaking nuts.
Speaking of nuts, there really wasn't this, sir.
Okay, I've had enough with him already.
I've had it.
And it's not a knock on him, it's a knock on Joe Rose with that B stuff already,
my God.
Talk about it in a session.
Jesus, God.
But nevertheless, I don't want to start interfering, you know,
because I open up a mouth and write away,
oh, Niels, pick it on Joe now, and about, you know, Jackson, everybody.
Of course, wasn't it Joe that wanted Jackson to come over from across the street with him?
Wasn't that his decision?
Yes, I believe so.
It goes to show you that he's a sliver man, a little dog.
He's just, I think too much of a hanky spanky with Joel Feinberg over there.
I think all that countertops across the street affected his mind.
Before to set it, yesterday,
debated and passed an amendment to impose a $60 fine on truck nuts.
The novelty vehicle, the door met attached to Trader Hitches,
that resembled the dangling, sub-end of a northbound bull.
It's got a picture over right here, truck nuts.
They're all over the place out here.
Are they really nuts?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, they're phone nuts.
There were?
Yeah, they're full of people who are nuts.
Figs.
The popular accessory to truck Trader Hitches is on its way to being somebody to a fine in the
build-abated.
I'll be it delicately on the center floor yesterday.
Although lawmakers said they're widespread in North Florida,
the bill says that displaying reproductions of the bulls-end hotel you,
one version has the brand-name truck nuts.
On a vehicle or trailer can lead to a $60 fine, charges of a moving violation
and points against the driver's license.
Let me come, ma'am.
Oh.
Jesus, God, this is what you people in the legislature are worrying about.
Somebody wants to look like a faggot let him.
Oh, my God.
Why only faggots have nuts?
Is that it?
No, no, but only gay men.
I'm not saying that it's gay men.
No other men, they're parts.
The ban was proposed by Senator Kerry Baker, Republican of Houston,
who said the items are not appropriate, even though he sees a lot of them in his district.
Other members agreed on their popularity, but questioned how worthwhile a crackdown might be.
Senator Jim Kino, Republican of Jacksonville, said he had a set of one.
On one of his vehicles, which he described as all pimped out.
There no more than an expression of truckliness, he said,
although he had to see it as vice-requested to take him off.
Take off those nuts.
And then she was amazed when she found out that he could.
Why is always to them?
Yeah, strap-ons.
Other members found the fine excessive and some thought the whole matter absurd to which I would say,
That's so wonderful.
Oh, and we need doubt.
I find it shocking.
We tell people with intelictesticals under bumpers that this is a violation
said Senator Steve Geller, Democrat of Halendale,
there's got to be better things for us to be spending time debating.
You go, Steve.
Talking about bull nuts.
Geller suggested this ban might be followed by provading civil rights of nude women on truck mudflaps
or decals depicting a small boy, religious self, and another truck leg, or logo.
Or basically, we're going to have the bumper police scheme said,
all their concerns are legitimate, Baker said the critics,
and I do have more important things to do this session.
But I think this is important too.
Ride, maniac, Baker said he served for many people who don't like human novelties.
So the ones who complained will like it.
My wife will like it.
He said of potential ramifications.
Ram your fornication.
As for others' concerns that lawmakers may be headed down the slippery slope as King said about the ban,
Baker said,
any time we deal with obscenity, it's a large gray area,
but he believes the ban is worthwhile, obscenity.
Although bull genitators firmly infraction, Baker said he used the words reproductive glands in the bill
because other versions could be removed in a minute or so later.
Like possum glands, possum nuts.
Oh, there you go.
Yeah, or are there numb nuts?
I thought you like possum picture, by the way.
Oh great, I can't wait to see it.
The bill was debated Thursday and it could be Jim Walt Woods used to do the red socks and the pirates games.
Bob Princeton claimed him the possum.
Did you know that?
No, this is a great brand, also on the Inky Games too, Jim Woods.
Got fired in 63, along with Mel Allen and Red Barber.
The best three broadcasters team in the history of baseball and the CBS fired the rants.
So CBS deserves whatever Katie, Krueger, Kluznall, that money, whatever grief they get they deserve it.
Use SUCK CBS.
The house version, however, doesn't have the ban and some senators questioned whether house leaders went on leash that the bait.
Baker said he didn't check with house sponsor on the change.
The bait on the ban began Wednesday, but the discussion became so I spirited that Senate leaders postponed the matter.
We're not going to have what happened yesterday.
Senate president Ken Pruitt warned committee chairman before going on a floor yesterday, but an effort to remove the ban failed on close sounding voice vote called by Pruitt.
The decision some members found surprising, but the Senate president is always right on such calls, Jim said.
Yadi yadi yadi.
Ha ha ha.
Hardy hard.
Wasting your taxpayer time and money, it's unbelievable is what it is.
Totally unbelievable.
And I'm acceptable too.
Worry about bullnuts and numb nuts and just nuts in general.
Jesus.
Oh, it's obscene.
Everything's obscene.
It's very offensive.
You know what's offensive to me?
All those gitski bumper stickers.
Jesus, what was all that crap about a carpenter?
Well, you know the one about my boss is a Jewish carpenter.
That's the one.
That's a fancy thing.
It's super hard.
It's super to the eye.
How about my boss is carrying carpenter?
How do you like that?
My boss sings like Karen Carpenter.
It was Choose Like Tags, which are against the Constitution.
Yeah, that's right.
That's another fat ass jet bush dealer.
Choose Like My Ass.
Fony bunch of garbage.
See, it's okay to put that on there, which is offensive to anybody with a brain.
Any open-minded reasonable person.
But all the numb nuts.
Oh my god.
Let's have a 20-hour debate on that.
Let's have a referendum on it.
What do you say?
Let's have a special election on nuts.
What's his name?
The best talent.
You're his neurologist.
4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Well, he's a telehazzy Nazi.
Oh, we got the money from his daddy.
Oh, and if I said my little bratty.
Oh, with an agenda that's crappy.
Oh, well, he's a telehazzy Nazi.
No, but they're a fellow.
Well, he's a president.
And he'll say, who doesn't have to run?
No one else is gonna know when he might as well just move right in.
Chicago.
Chicago.
He hasn't told his food.
He was born with something's ass.
So look out on you, dude.
Get ready for the death.
He's a telehazzy Nazi.
Oh, he's a marshmallow right, so where am I?
He's a telehazzy Nazi.
No, but the FLA.
Well, he's a very wealthy dude with very bad issues.
Who never played his dues by next year will all be screwed.
Chicago.
Chicago.
Chicago.
Chicago.
Any smart clue in that race against Buddy with K.
Why do you think they call it Gilbert?
Victoria Lanyray.
He's a telehazzy Nazi.
He'll be the KKKKFRIEND.
Oh, God, he's a telehazzy Nazi.
Double-debted lame.
Come on, let's do steps.
Come on, let's go.
Yeah, he put the Gubr into Gilbert of Toro.
And of course, the Curry Governor, he put the Gay into Governor.
I'm eating another wieny.
Okay, tell him.
My life's gone.
Oh.
I can't make the bacon today because I've got no white, I know paper towels.
Paper towels.
Forget to go eat some.
You can't make bacon without paper towels.
I mean, you could.
That's a fact though.
What?
You need paper towels.
You've got a math of fat.
You've got a math of fat.
Remember, math is the nice.
How about math of fat?
Mmm.
These aren't kosher either, by the way.
They're good.
Or fish stocking until tomorrow night.
Don't, don't be down the air.
Too late.
And definitely, I'll be talking with food in your mouth.
Okay, remember you got that email from Jolly Joe?
Uh-huh.
Many moons ago.
Oh yeah.
From some stupid listener out there.
Uh-huh.
It's disgusting the way that George eats on here.
Of course I do too, but in the end.
He liked it because they were ripping you and ass.
Mmm hmm.
Although there was that period of time when he was sending me every negative email to you.
Remember that?
That's right.
Well, caramel things is just about the president.
I wonder if he's getting any about the things I said about the Pope.
Too bad.
Because they're all true.
Butcher, lunatic.
The Spencer of Stone Age crap.
Binnisman.
No, he's a very successful businessman.
Whoever becomes the Pope.
Automatically, as I said, unlike George W.
Who was, you know, he had a hand in him on a silver platter.
And he still failed at everything he tried.
Texas Rangers, the oil company, everything he had to be bailed out.
And of course most of the American public were looking to get bailed out.
270 votes on the pool.
There's that alley fulching again.
Like, God, it doesn't.
Now, you know that term egghead?
Turn on CNN.
Yeah, I'm going on a mother.
I thought that.
That's egghead.
Great, great.
I mean, egghead like a real egghead.
Sure.
Well, it could two minute egg.
He's going to three minute egg.
He better stay in the house during like Easter time.
Where little kids are going to be grabbing his head and running off.
Oh, yeah.
And painting it.
Painting it and rolling it around on a white house.
Sure.
Well, one thing about this year, man, had a big separation between Easter and Paisach.
I don't know why.
What do you think?
I'm not asking.
Huh?
I want to finish this window.
He's going a little tiny.
Right.
The tip.
The tip is all it remains to be eaten.
Very well.
Nice job, Neil.
Thank you.
No, is it six people who said that in my question?
What is one?
Is it the tip when it's the last part they eat?
Do you start with the tip?
Well, it has two tips.
Right.
But if you start with one, then that's the tip and then the other end is the, uh, the ass end.
Yeah, I just finished the ass end.
Eating the butt.
Yeah.
The booty.
Jesus.
Yeah, we're not going to play that.
Okay.
I mean, I know that a lot of people miss feel back in the day when Phil was really full and before we totally lost it and sold out.
That's what you channeled to, you baby.
Thank God we didn't involve with those great robbers.
They don't pay anybody any money, any hub.
They just full of crap.
Hey, Ken Charles.
Nice drive, but you're full of crap.
I actually thought something was going to happen there.
You know, like put something on the table.
And put a dollar bill on the table, something to show some intent, you know, never happened.
Oh well, they didn't even offer me what Chris is making.
Wow.
Yeah.
And of course you can you imagine?
You're worried about Jolly Joe.
Can you imagine what they would have done to you?
I have no idea.
You know what they say about once they're gone?
Yeah, they're gone.
281 on the pool.
Which one of the following are you positive?
What caused your parents to disown you?
None of the above 101 I told you that would win easy.
Well, these are people with parents who were loving and devoted and loyal and like that.
Like me.
That's all I am.
My steps on my Mexican steps on, which I put up with more crap and more, uh, but that's the way it goes, you know.
Buh.
Commit a serious crime, 41.
Vote Republican 31.
Become a drug addict, 27.
Performing in porn, 19.
Date outside your race, 18.
Come out of the closet, 17.
You fairy.
Prostitute yourself, 12.
Convert from your religion, 9.
And vote, Democratic, only 6.
Vote Republican, 34.
Sierra, this audience is coming from?
Yeah.
Thank God.
Well, you drove all the right fingers.
I thank God for that, too.
We don't need people, I mean, we've got a lot of crazy people out there, as you can tell from the cause.
But we don't need anybody crazy enough to vote for John McCain.
Nobody's that insane.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, like that.
That article I had yesterday about him was really smashing.
That was right on target.
Yep.
And of course, everything's great in Iraq.
Iraqi troops clashed with Shia, Cleric, Moktata, Al-Saudar's militian bag that today,
and cordoned his office off in Basra.
Inflaming tensions and their violence showed on, everything is wonderful in Iraq.
Amid blinding dust storms,
Saudar's mech the army fighters attacked Iraqi army positions east back there at Saudar City's slum,
but U.S. forces said Iraqi troops stood their ground.
Earlier this week, the unit of Iraqi troops in the area banned in their post-EWest military set.
They fled.
They high-tailed it out of there.
The battle in Saudar City is being seen as a key test for Iraq's army
after a botched crackdown on the militia in the southern city of Vazor last month,
which sparked violent clashes across southern Iraq and in Baghdad.
You hear the sirens?
Nope.
You can't?
Well, it's gone now.
They're fading off.
The fresh fighting is fuel concerns that a period of declining violence,
quitted to last year's so-called surge in U.S. troop levels,
is coming to an end, just as the American reinforcements are returning home.
Iraqi army still hold their positions in Saudar City,
which military spokesman with the internal Stephen Stover said,
including the spectrum troops at the front.
They're currently under attack, but are organizing a counter-attack.
And the meat goes on.
The Saudar office in Vazor located an old Olympic committee building
from the Saudam Hussein era troops from the Iraqi army prevented us from holding Friday prayers.
And now the coordinating of the Orphans, they want us to evacuate
and storm the Orphans.
Harik Ali Dari had a Saudar's Bazaar office, the old Reuters.
And it goes on.
It just cracked.
It's like an 18th world slum is what it's like.
In the meantime, we're going to bring peace and democracy there.
Anybody who would have said that the first number one was a total liar
and number two knew that they were a liar.
It's still a cramp.
But thanks for the little oil prices.
What was the arms of 16?
Yeah, I forgot.
Change the number.
I'm a good hammering channel just to say.
There's always depressing.
I hate to do this the middle lunch hour.
But it's good for diners.
Make it lose your appetite.
Although the Dow is up to 57,
Nasdaq is up, I couldn't see it.
It's a, it's zooming up.
And that's probably because all the oil traders are making a big profit off of all of us.
They're all squeezing us.
The loonies up to 99 and 16 again, the Earl 157 and a half down a little bit.
Thank God.
Let's all go to Europe.
Let's go to Germany.
An honor of the Pope.
And what am I looking for?
I forgot.
Oil.
Oil.
OIL.
M-O-N-Y.
Oil.
Now who is it that said that's the only reason we invaded that?
I see more herch.
And I think Sinehurch said the same thing.
Poor Sonny.
Yeah.
Now there was kind of a mystery guy, you know.
Yeah.
You know what I mean by that?
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
1574, 166, what a bargain.
Let's go out and roll out the barrel and buy a bunch.
What?
I never thought about it, but yeah.
He was a nighma.
And what would you call him?
A nighma was white as the fallen snow.
Biggest name.
Some bestown.
On Jewish.
A nighma for you.
You are 560 km.
And me.
Forks later.
It's Friday, you bastard.
I'm dying on the hand.
You lick the bones.
But there's no hope.
It's time for your first hope.
Your love says no waking bake.
No budget says not even shaved.
You can't deal.
You have to leave.
You go out.
Just find weed.
Your money's tight.
You can't see.
Another way.
To fill your need.
Oh, you try to think of a good school.
Is there some fun?
Oh, yeah.
You almost switched a boot.
I checked height and line with parchment.
Oh, yeah.
Gonna have to scrape it.
You're addicted to mud.
My eat is my own face.
It's your addicted to mud.
My eat is my own face.
It's your addicted to mud.
My eat is my own face.
It's your addicted to mud.
As I eat, it's not 45.
It's 552 km.
This is another one of the shows I feel like we've been here since what?
Since before Jesus was a baby.
Yes.
Since before Christopher Columbus had sailed for the new world.
Good news is though, it's Friday.
Let me say it again.
Curtis for jerks coming up at one o'clock.
He doesn't realize he had a three hour show today.
Remember that time when the jerks offered to it?
That was when Joe had his fake jury duty.
And Jerks volunteered to do it all.
And I just put it a stir round.
It didn't print out.
Oh, blank page.
Don't you hate that?
Let me go back again.
Wait a minute.
Crap.
That was very important.
For sure.
It's a knock on the Pope.
I mean, can you even imagine fighting a stir when they're knocking the Pope?
Huh?
One moment please.
Print.
Selection.
There you go.
Okay.
Okay.
And you know what's happening?
Nothing.
My computer frozen.
Uh oh.
Oh no.
Actually, it's printing now.
But for some reason it seems like the computer frozen.
Now what's that all about?
At least your computer expert?
I don't know.
Doesn't like you.
Didn't like that.
It's another blank sheet of paper.
Doesn't like that.
Oh no.
It's one of a hundred and six thousand five hundred twenty three.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Number one of a hundred and six thousand five hundred twenty three.
I guess I'd better have a lot of facts paper.
Right?
So what do I do now?
Oh my god.
We set.
We start.
Do what?
Do what?
Do what?
We start.
You won't come up, Peter.
I'm going to have to unplug it.
Oh no.
We start.
Okay, I mean it was about Tom Tanquita ripping the pulp about immigration ripping him an ass. Okay
A different job. It's not a good sound when you're printing out pages and it says page one out of
106,000 two five hundred twenty three you better hit that stop button real quick stop stop
Although I could print it all out and read it and that would take me to the end of that contract
Right, and you know something this business about restart
Just wait. Oh, there we go ending program. That's right
Take it back responding. It's not responding. No respond. Let me unplug it. Okay. Oh, I don't do that. Yeah. All right. Why not? We don't have to
Our talking
I
Why don't you wish that you're doing something I feel like that here covering my eyes. Oh cover your ass. Geez
Yeah, get a big big blanket right big blanket like a one that's Frankie Avalon had and the next room of cellar will play beach blanket
Big blanket blanket the band blingo
How about Planko? They still play that in the prices right does anybody watch that anymore?
Who's the turbo?
Your buddy. Yeah, your buddy beast watches that
Who's on that show now that
for a funny guy. Oh
My god water. They send that man. There's something putting Drew Kiran in prices right with like when I put Katie Kirk on the CBS
TV news and they both see the issues. What does that tell you? Well according to beast he's gotten better
He's horrible
Got him better too bad it's on right now. Maybe the West Coast feed is on somewhere
Here we go look at that now get rid of this I got to get rid of like 400 things on there remind me later I
Don't know about you
But does that happen when you restart your computer all these different things come up on there and you have to like get rid of them
sometimes oh
Sometimes don't install go away get lost this get lost go away don't install the flash player. Yeah flash this
As matter of fact speaking about Iraq and how well the surge is working because a lot of stupid brainwashed people out there believe
Whatever crap the right we're gonna tell them suicide bombing bombings
Have risen their highest levels in recorded history since the invasion of Iraq according to a new report buried on page
A18 of today's Washington Post they buried it just like the bodies
Go away go away
I'm just gonna rid of this crap go away
My space stop there we go
See it was a bad idea on plug in it
Okay, I tried to tell you how much of this is Tom pain.com and it sure is boy at least they're on time you know newsflash
Should I look and see what the newsflash is?
Populism is popular
All right
At least it wasn't about the Pope or maybe it maybe the net populism is popular
I think that's what it was maybe I was a typo of the 1840 suicide bombing since 1983 the US suicide bomber attacked the
West Embassy in Lebanon 920 or 50% of suicide bombings have occurred since the US invaded Iraq in 2003
More than 82% of the suicide bombings last year were in Iraq the number of bombings last year
658 was more than twice the number of attacks at any point in the last 25 years
So obviously things are going really really peachy keen all I got to get hook on the internet here one moment please
Sympathical where is it?
Connect
Better connect to your asses grass. I'll say that. Oh
There you go. We're now connected. Thank God
The unpublished research was compiled by US government experts
I'm linked on condition of anonymity because whoever leaked it is in dire straits
Suicide bombers engaged in 650 extracts across the globe in 2007
542 of those were in US occupied Afghanistan and Iraq
More than four fifths of suicide bombings over that period of occurred in the past seven years
The bombings have spread a dozen of countries in five continents killed more than 21,350 people and injured about 50,000 since 83 when a land market
Attack blew up the US Embassy in Beirut
Today is the 25th anniversary of that attack the first in a series of large suicide bombings targeting Americans overseas
And of course in my building here in Toronto we have all sorts of a future terrorist bombers
All the Saudi women man sluppet around half a dozen kids at least at least
That makes you feel comfortable like I said maybe they won't fall off their own building maybe yeah because they're up there
Or maybe they'll stand out in front and wait for us some
Summary to come out
Like you
Could be so much like a Jew yeah, I'm voting for none of the above on the pool. How are we doing on that thing by the way?
311 and we had what
911 1222 boy, you really kicked ass today on a pull quiz nice job. Oh, thank you very much
You didn't do a damn thing you way in fact you were pissed off that I've changed it before we got to a thousand what do you talk all
All together I mean it's seen in the course but at least it's not what's your favorite burger great cheap new eight time
Now should I look that up during the break and see how footsie's doing on it the burger thing?
Hey rushes on the one you're the one now
And he doesn't have his own website anymore just you have to go to the IOD website
Do you think that's like some kind of a commentary there when you lose your own website and you have to be like kind of an appendage?
I don't know wouldn't that be embarrassing if we were just on a QA website? Oh, yeah
And it has to go by that big dolphin thing even it has to that's why it was so amazing yesterday
We sold out in a minute on the restaurants
15 street fisheries, mm-hmm
I think what happens is that all these people have on the certificates. They're poised and ready baby. They're on there
There we go footy footsie. I know you're excited about this you pretend that you're not
That's right
secret fan oh
It's a new format here and oh
I thought it's an
New nifty format looks like crap, but I thought the pull was gonna be different. Well guess what?
Working to find the best burger in South Florida current champion role castle in Miami or a new challenger
Duffy's tabored in South Miami. I'm voting for a royal castle because that's gonna be Wayne Arnold, isn't it?
I don't know but the other one he's got 59.5% and the other joint
Duffy's tavern 40.5% Duffy's is pretty good. Is it yeah, I mean then Wayne Arnold's is like it. It's it's it's a different product
You know, I mean? Yeah
And I write it
Put that in the same category like no the other burgers window
Of course not of course not footsie you idiot God
MSNBC's Keith Oberman Challenge Secretary of State Condoleez arrives to prove a devotion to country job admission on his countdown show Wednesday night
Taking aim at the Pentagon stop loss policy, which I'll involuntarily extend the act of duty status for its troops over
And the overman called a de facto draft gate
There is no draft no force service right?
The government continued tell that to the kids who are stopped lost into the third fourth fifth towards in Iraq
Overman and tell that now again to the state department for the second consecutive year the state is warning its diplomats that there are about 300 openings in Iraq
And apparently number of volunteers is down to roughly zero
They may be forced to go there or quit the MSNBC host noted
Secretary of State rice said that those staffers who have protested the involuntary assignments are offensive to her
And cast a very bad light on the foreign service overman and essentially challenge rice to put her body where her mouth is
Well, here's the suggestion that I'm secretary
Your term is expiring in over the nine months and four days
Why don't you show your devotion to the country and the department you headed and show those who've made those offensive remarks what you're made of?
Why don't you ask the next administration let you continue to serve at state and one of those great jobs in Iraq?
Yes, send her daiki asked to Iraq. That's great
I mean she could probably know well, you know
Assignment over there being a bull like that she is yep. Let's play the original con Belize. What do you say?
Bring all of this nonsense to her crashing crashing thud right you think that would do it did for me. Oh Java update is available
So I heard that what I heard
That's on there like 50 times a day comes on. I don't have time to pause you with that and don't be playing no condom lease, okay?
Not a good way to enter your negotiations with fat ass y'all
Your new projects
Later
3.30 in the morning and you hear yourself on
Why the hell's it got us on when he should be fast asleep
You get up and check the message
And it says thanks for the sex
You just caught your hubby cheating through a goofy high school
Scream and stars
And the screaming stars
You
The same as spooky pandas and your men keeps her warm
Dexed in about their last date when he visited her dorm
She thanks him for the sweater the gift card and I
The session can't wait to see him and feel a sexy
Scream and
The screaming stars
In the family
Oh
You woke up on the neighbors, but to them it's not for new
Because they've got rotten husbands who treat it all them to
Here comes another message
A bouquet panda says he's not wearing underwear
Scream and stars
It's a
Pope again if you went too far
Wow and all those bishops there you're all smiling and felling from ear to ear with a red beanies on
The pipe the pipe the pope always wear a white beanie or sometimes a red beanie. I think his is always white
But I'm not sure you know how about the your camp yeah, that's too
delegates the UN gave the Pope some UN stamps the Vatican gave the UN a map of the old Vatican city state
Great some stamps maybe the Pope is a stamp collector maybe likes to look at
Well, speaking of that I don't know how you pronounce this
Vice-phenol sure works for me
Vice-phenol that they make those a hard plastic bottles with like you get water on them
Okay, you never heard of it. No, I never heard of it. Nell gene to face out hard plastic bottles
Rochester, New York. Oh my god birthplace of oh god
Hard plastic Nell gene water bottles made with vice-phenol a and I have no idea if I'm saying that right now doubt it
Will be pulled from stores over the next few months because of growing consumer concern
Over the chemical poses of health risk here. How many years ago I was talking about this
Greening about it. That's when the screaming started
About how the chemicals leech into the water and you people later buy those damn
Bottle I'm not not the thin plastic, but you know the thick stuff that you can't see through right
Nell gene non-cternational division of Wal-Tem Massachusetts based thermal fishers scientific ink
Saturday it will substitute its Nell gene after a line of polycarbon plastic containers with BPA free alternatives
By eliminating containers containing BPA from our consumer product mix our
Customers can have confidence that their needs are being met Steven Silverman Zedelman, Ruben L. Jean Business and the statement
With more than six million pounds produced in the US each year by spinal AS found in dental sealants baby bottles
The line is a food cans CDs and DVDs eyeglasses and hundreds of household goods
The chemical has been linked to neurological and behavioral problems and infants and babies along with certain cancers that babies and obesity
The reusable transparent sports accessories made it a factory in suburban Rochester that employs about 900 people
Nell gene milk was found in 1949 by Rochester chemist Emanuel Goldberg
The lab equipment supplies product evolved in the 1970s after a whisper about its scientists taking a hearty lab vessels on weekend outings
They've led the company to form a water bottle consumer unit targeting Boy Scouts hikers and campers
In 2000 the new sports line of Nell gene brand bottles was offered in Red Blue and Yellow Hughes quickly became the rage in high schools and on college campuses
highly durable and lightweight resistant to stains and odors and able to withstand extremes of hot and cold able to leave tall buildings at a
moment's notice
screw camp Nell gene bottles are marketed as an environmentally responsible substitute for disposable water bottles
citing multiple studies in the US European and Japan the chemicals industry maintains that polycarbon bottles contain little BPA and
Leach traces considered to low to harm humans ride
But critics point to an influx of animal studies linking low doses to a wide variety of elements from breast and prostate cancer
Obesity and hyperactivity to miscarriages not to reproductive failures
It was a boy Michael. It was a boy
It wasn't as scary as it was an abortion
An expert panel of 38 academic and government researchers attended an excellence through the health sponsored conference said in the study in August
That the potential for BPA to impact human health is a concern and more research is clearly needed
Now you do what you want you know you want to drink go from those thick plastic bottles are leaching those chemicals
You're right ahead all right you don't I'm sure think what water from thick plastic bottles mm-hmm or those good plastic jugs
You know having some down
Get out of your own plastic jug
You got plastic jugs yes, I did that's a Joe Roasted
Big plastic jugs
329 votes on the pool and
Thank God we put none of the above on her you'd be you be
Up to us man you'd be in big trouble Chris yep, they'd be talking about y'all weekend over time
Oh my god that Chris's pool really sucked wind on the Roger show
And what we have in the first one 911 and 332 is what 1243
We got a real good shot here for 1300 total hopes of before we're done here at two all the way down it
We can divide draws on and it's getting closer to the weekend. You know well pay softness coming tomorrow night
Barul hot dog or no
Let's have a big bottle of wine and get drunk like that
332 which one of the following are you positive would cause your parents to disown you none of the above 126
37.49 surprise
Wouldn't it be something if you were positive that they wouldn't disown you and you told them all by the way
I'm a I'm a dike oh well bye-bye
Commit a serious crime 41
Vogue Republican 37 become a drug addict 32
Performing in porn 24 come out of the closet 20
Date outside your race 19 prostitute yourself 13 when a prostitute
Convert from your village in 12 and vote Democratic Solimenta Ocho only eight
That's because most of your parents are Democrats thank God for that. This is only eight
Eight of those people still apologizing for abortion all the dead people and for the three almost four dollars a gallon for gas and
$160 a barrel roll out the barrel baby
You can't afford to buy one but roll it out anyway and stick your long tube into it
You think that more and more people are gonna be siphoning gas nowadays. You think that's gonna be a new thing
No, you can't do that anymore. You can't know they've got like a it's like blocked
It is it is I mean I fill up the potty I could we can't actually know something about by never really look at it
You can't stick a hose down in there anymore. You can't stick along
You're up there. No, no, no mom of course when you're siphoning the gas man
You get a mouthful of that gas to that. Oh, like oh, fooie
And then when you go to light up on your marble, it's probably not a good idea
So you can't do that no more can't siphon no gas? Nope
Well, I would seem to me that during these times we ought to be the ones inventing the new gas siphoner right it make billions sure could
Can you imagine I do just come up with a long shoe like that
And then also you can use like preparation rush you could also stick it in your acto use like for colon cleansing
I'll be careful which end
Which end you're sucking the gas out of the tank with whoo
Am I right? Yeah, I'm right
There you go preparation rush baby. Hey rice stick it in your acto mom
Those are your poppins you you phony you phony fat if
I just would say even he's a real fat after the little phony about that. Yeah
Well, he's phony all right
phony baloney
But he's got all his disciples out there those ditto heads that
Windling number of them thank God for that
Hey, are you tossing and turning waking up too soon if your neck or backwards every morning nine out of ten times?
It's your mattress. That's the problem. That's why one 800 mattress
They spend time with you on the phone asking important questions to figure out the type and firmness of the mattress
You'll be needing call one 800 mattress right now
They get huge savings on all of our popular brands
Seely and service in and spring air temper pita concerns and foster great quality great low prices and service like anywhere else
Unlike like I said in any place else called it
They get your mattress delivered within just a matter of hours all with their famous no risk send it back 30 day come for trial
They'll even take away the old mattress too the crappy old thing with one 800 mattress
Save up for 300 bucks right off the bat get a free frame and delivery and all orders and receive deep discount on discontinued models
Two and one 800 mattress even offers you financing with no interest for 48 months
I've been using dialometrics for years and years and you ought to be doing the same virtual everybody
QM is doing it even the dummies so get yourself a great night sleep tonight and for years to come
Call the original dialometrics or go to mattress.com on a wicked web one 800 mattress
1 800 MATTR ES and leave off the last S because it stands for stupendous
Sensational saving
The best
4560 QAM
The fourth leader
Friday you
It's the fishing invention of the century the Ronco pocket fish megaphones
How does it work using the latest fishing technology the Ronco pocket fish megaphone makes fish jump right into your net
Simply aim it towards anybody of water and just like that you're fishing hey fish
Jumping the net do it now come on
Wow, it really works the Ronco pocket fish megaphone does everything
Fisherman needs it to do except fitting your pocket it even doubles as a mr. microphone
Wonco pocket fish megaphone it's almost as dumb as spray on hair
But not quite and how can anything be bent?
Just hope it never rains when you got that spray on the one they call it
The hair the hair and a can
Yeah, here in the scare scare hair and a can spray on a ballspot spray
Anyway that Ron Popeel man remember we had him on the ear a hundred years ago
Were you there or not? Yeah, and I would do when we had a phone we got the pasta makers both of us
That's right. We both got those pasta makers mine broke the second time I was it. But it was really noisy
And it's so long gone and once it's gone
Yeah, it's the one of those things you shove in a cupboard you know somewhere then eventually when you're cleaning the house you oh you toss it in a garbage
The pasta maker. Oh, mung it's just mung
But anyway, there's a guy that made millions and millions and millions mostly selling crap although that were
Tisserie thing in his man. It might actually be pretty good
Not as good as the flavor wave though
You think
No, not as good
I don't have flavor wave a lot
Although I don't have time to punch you with the one I make those when I eat those weenies near I nuke him right 62 seconds on the nuke
Ted Rawl says the cavalry isn't coming so I've time to do this. Oh, yeah, I got to uh oh no
Oh, I see Robert right the former labor secretary in the Clinton administration endorses Barack Obama. Oh my god
I've endorsing a candidate is generally improperly limited to editorial pages and elected official
I'm about James Kerr those things from my opinion for other choices and then he goes on to say why he did not want to endorse
someone until now
Because he didn't want to affect any friendships. So Robert right goes on to say I believe that Barack Obama should be elected president of the United States
Although Hillary Clinton has offered solid and simple the reality proposals Obama's
Obama's strike me as even more so good reading his proposals and his policy Obama strike me. Oh my god
God strike me down this guy couldn't read his read of a paper sack
All he's doing is reading the teleprompter all day. He can't read that. What the hell's that all about
Barack Obama for president. Okay, amen
CNN just announced Barack Obama for prison
So how do you like that?
Bill Richardson on Elliott Richards. The rest is still I'm sure and now Robert right
Wow
Those Clintons are gonna be really parked off. Bubbles face is gonna be rather than footies. It's gonna be red as Rudolph the red to know a host reindeer
How do you like that and that's something? Yeah, and like Howard Dean says time to give up the ghost, you know time to get it over with
And once it's time
It's time. Ted Rolts says why is this recession different from almost other recession asked Herbert Barchoff
The economist a former president of the council of economic advisors answered his own question
This is not only the usual cyclical recession, but also a structural recession
Barchoff's dark assessment appeared in the letter the editor of the New York Times in June 92
Then like now
Americans were suffering through a long grinding recession following a boom under Reagan that had primarily benefited the wealthy
There were mass layoffs the real estate market had collapsed for closures were rampant
George Herbert Walker Bush would expect a decosterous election on the strength of his near 90% post-calfore approval ratings projected a Herbert
Hoover like resolve to not lift a finger to alleviate the misery
The federal reserve cut interest rates, but it didn't help six months later angry voters fried an out of touch
President who seemed unwilling to fix an economy he didn't think was broken in favor of a guy who claimed to feel our pain
Barchoff would turn out was too pessimistic
To reverse the excesses of the ADC wrote restructuring has been going on a massive proportion at every level
It's a rare day that newspapers don't report layoffs often in the thousands in the industrial sector
What Barchoff didn't know a few people did was that the US was about to begin the longest broadest and biggest period of economic expansion
Experience by any civilization in human history
Downsizing continued in traditional sectors like manufacturing and newspapers
Even during the Clinton boom millions of people were ruined forced into their bankruptcy
Midwestern cities were reduced to rusted out shells, but none of that mattered to Wall Street
The internet revolution prompted so much capital investment and generated so many new jobs
Freshly minted college grads thought a perfectly normal to earn 85 grand moving around lines of HTML
That otherwise same people began talking about new paradigm in which the old rules no longer apply
In other respects however Barchoff was prescient
The then-new European community will substantially hurt our ability to be competitively correctly predictive
The drop in interest rates is no solution
During the great depression the prime rate went from one to one to one percent with no cure
When you're out of work and afraid losing your job, you don't take on debt
Nor will entrepreneurs borrow every
Ver even very cheap money unless there's a market
The Bush senior recession was a grim affair when I graduated from Columbia 91
The University cancelled its annual jobs for a dude employers lack of interest
But it was a picnic compared to what we're facing now
Bush Jr could finally realize Barchoff's nightmare of a structural recession
The kind of no-way outshock experienced by Russia after the collapse of the Soviet Union
Normal sickle or a cyclical recessions feature increased unemployment which puts downward pressure on prices
You rarely see high unemployment and high inflation at the same time
Conservative economists point to rising inflation during late 70s as an exception
But that wasn't even a downturn much less of recession
Inflation was high but unemployment was low
Anyway, the inflation didn't hurt workers during the card of years mean wages rose faster than inflation
The opposite is true now real income is falling
The economy is but 3.1 million jobs since George W. Bush assumed the presidency in 2001 the worst record since the depression
The official unemployment rate constantly weed jiggered the math economy appear more robust
As risen to 5.1 percent the long term unemployment rate which includes people of hand such bad luck
And the income for work that they've given up entirely as double to over 13 percent
Meanwhile inflation is approaching 7 percent again. That's the official inflation rate your mileage is an average American
Who spends a 30-year pay on housing and more and more on gas will vary
But let's not dwell on the irony of $4 gallon gas resulting from a war fought to steal oil
But wait there's even more bad news
Two-thirds of economic activity is generated by consumer spending most people are broke so much that for two-thirds
So much for that two-thirds in other words in two-thousand reports David Lenhart in the Times at the end of the last economic expansion
The median family made about 61 grand according to census bureaus in place-adjusted numbers
In 2007 in what looks to have been the final year of the most recent expansion the median family amazingly seemed to have made less about 60,500
This says Lenhart is a big deal. This has never happened before at least after as long as the government's been keeping records
RBC Capital Arches reports that consumer confidence has fallen below 30 percent and all-time record low
TJ Marta a fixed income strategist at RBC said what confidence there is no confidence since like 1929
If Bartoff had picked up a copy of the San Jose Mercury News in 92
He would have read about the birth of the web revolution then touted as the information superhighway
But there's nothing like that coming down the pipe today to paraphrase the ever-quartable Donald Rumsfeld
We're going to have to make do with the economy we have not the one we wish we had
Liberal economists like Paul Krugman suggests to rerun of the 30s when FDR's new deal employed millions to build new infrastructure like Dan's and Brits
But none of the three remaining presidential contenders is likely to undertake such a thing
The worst case scenario about the 91 war against the RAC Barczoff said in 92 would have benefited lasted two years and caused an extra 200 billion dollars
Iraq war two now in its 60 year is currently paid an estimated three trillion dollars
The Republican John McCain is committed to pouring more billions into a RAC war two until victory has achieved in other words forever
As Democrats worry of being tarnished with a label of big spender both Obama Clinton will likely place
Fiscal discipline ahead of expensive new government programs. There is no short term fix in the long run
We have to put more money in the people's pockets
That means higher wages and lower taxes for the poor middle class
Some of what is needed is easy to see a more progressive tax code repealing laws that allow employers to harass and fire those who try to organize unions
Nationalizing industries run by vampire capitalists health insurers private hospitals colleges and universities
Banks encourage predatory lending while stifling saving the ought to be re-regulated
What madness prevents then to charge 30% on credit cards while paying 1% on passport savings accounts
Much much more necessary to prevent the wholesale collapse of the US economic system a maximum way to be imposed
The highest paid Americans should earn no more than 10 times the lowest paid. I know none of this will happen
There will be nothing but band-aids and lazy rhetoric as we plummet into the abyss
They can't be otherwise for our politics are ossified the media is
Corporatized and we the people are dull and apathetic
How do you like that? Yeah, head roll rights your buddy Ted pretty depressing
Beats the rubber boy poles punches
Want you to blow your brains out put him in dug Thompson together man. You got a doctor Jack of work in delight
Am I right? Yeah, where do I find the gun? Where do I shoot?
351 on the pool. Let me now. Let me end these together. I want to make sure I know what I'm doing
1262 all we got a lick baby 1300 on a Friday. Whoo
And sell out that
15 street fisheries those certificates yesterday in a minute or less
Right you get the feeling that maybe we're making a a scumbag
Oh, what careful you heard what I said
I didn't say scumbag while we can say that now. Oh, okay. You want to know why because you order because we want it
We said so
That's the way it is now say something now
And let's say cuz we felt like it bitch
Did I read to you the email as you said normal after I sign my deal no
Very short and sweet
They are so so delighted that we've uh, you know resolved Niels future with WQM successfully but by amicably and whatever
bitch
I guess she thinks now that I like her or something like that
That's that's fine. In fact during the break so I just fart so I can hear I can hear the sounds of my own fart
Real out once or I wouldn't be surprised if somebody I do a Randy on this chair. Although it won't be the same shade
I don't think you never know wouldn't be too good if it turned out to be, you know
I stand the chair big deal
But we've all been at you
What police that will only affect you have you know that I might bring it down
My friends on there sit your fat ass in it. Maybe we'll get you the chair that Josh Friedman broke. Oh, please
Take a word for that. No
So
Josh Friedman with a cottage cheese plus coming out of his poopic
God talk about a disgusting subhuman individual happy pay soft Josh
She had a lot of joshes in that place, am I yep?
And of course anybody tunes in the format and wonders what's this all about over just joshin
20s or there's a pope again. He meets the ambassador
Yeah, good good for him
Talks like an old lady the pope. Well, maybe he's an old lady
He looks like an old lady to his matter fact and those red shoes man those little slippers. Yeah, look really gay neat
It's back and it's huge exotic amami beach the largest adult event on these coasts coming back to South Florida this weekend
And starting days a matter of fact that the mind-mobiles convinced in center
Exotic are presented by hot movies features the hottest adult star signing autographs
Live live entertainment super sexy seminar series over 200 exhibitors. That's today tomorrow and Sunday at the Miami Beach Convention Center
Don't miss exhibitors like girls are on wild and they all female pillow fight league go VIP and get access to the crazy horse alone
VIP lines and VIP autographs come meet stars like Jesse Jane through a pan through stormy Daniels and tons more
Pickets are available online at exoticamamibeach.com or on site at the convention center box orifice exotic amami beach come this weekend and get sexy
Sorry, no squares allowed and they mean it
You're biggest name the best
You know, he's in a project
You am the fourth leader. Hi, this is G Gordon. They don't come anywhere
Then Neil Roger no single artist embodies the spirit of summer like Gordon like foot. Are you serious?
Absolutely and now Gordon like foot takes the melody from the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald and turns up the heat on your favorite summer songs on his new album
Gordon like foot sweats out summer
Yes Canada's own Gordon like foot is heating up the great white north with a red hot version of this love and spoonful classic
A town summer in the city back of my neck getting pretty
Just wait until you hear Gordon like what's novel approach to summer's most famous novel. He saw
Hello
Put your toes in the sand and your fingers in your ears and get ready for Gordon like foot rendition of this hit from the Genies
Some
You'll want to stick this collection with a sundown shine in your CD player
It's Gordon like those wets out summer 132 a QM gas prices record high again. Thank you again Mr
President
We can't thank you collectively enough for the phenomenal job you've done you and your good buddies the Saudis the gray robbing Saudis like that cook bandar bush
344 for regular 379 for premium a new to all time high record and of over a dollar a 160 a
160 bucks a barrel I can't even say it
160 in a barrel for oil
Yeah, I can envision the day now. What was the movie with Charlton Heston resting pieces from my cold that hands
um
You'll make a man was in it which one. I mean that was one of them
Where he was the last man well one the last man where right the omega man. That's right right and Vincent Price was the original one
Which I don't think what's called different movie different movie
The Vincent Price movie was uh something else but it was a completely different movie same kind of a thing
You know doomsday and not a different movie okay same kind of a thing different kind of uh you know
Doomsday end of the world kind of thing but a completely different plot just uh same kind of
I'm thinking and maybe the days in that far off that people are gonna be like shoot each other for a gas
Right it's gonna be those big signs like uh in the seven road warrior stuff the last year
The last man on earth was Vincent Price right
And omega man was chucked his currently has different stuff
That's about steeper fighting over gas you son of a man what
Road warrior people fighting over gas. Oh look at that the dollars up 270 point wow
Must be because it was record our gas prices
Whoo and city group post five point one billion dollar loss on massive write-downs all these things must be the reason that people are
Jumping in the market because things are looking so Pete maybe it's because the pulp is there in New York
What do you think maybe the Vatican is buying up all the stock?
I could be or maybe they're selling all their porn movies
And that isn't that the rumor that somewhere in the bottles of the Vatican it lies the largest porn or collection anywhere in the
And on the earth well it's for research you know and they
Yeah
Research yeah, that's exactly what Jerry Glyther said
What tells that horrible song?
Rock and roll part one part two yeah
By ever here was again
I'm gonna take 14 hockey
Yeah
Remember I could be nice to be able to play the yellow you said some music fun with that
But you know it's a long guy you can play your armpit
You got sour that is like an awful note in
The sour
I enjoy sour
You're sweet and sour
Just sour
Here we go
The whole thing is sour I never really realized it before because I tune it out
Yeah, even when you're playing like the hockey games and you're just blasting and you're your head hurts
Your head hurts because they're just blaring it
The speakers on the ceiling are just about ready to come crashing down just like the speakers in the Pontiac when a certain Paco gets in there
I mean I realize I've had my day when I like to blast the music in the radio but never to the point where the speakers were like hopping off the dash
Yeah, you know what I mean I do it's a kid thing you know, yes it is
Although at least you don't listen to rap music thank god for that. Oh
He doesn't want to like gay fag me huchi kuchi music. Yeah
fag music
263 that I was a boy I'm telling everybody's thrilling from this look at that you better jump into the market
That's right here comes the bunny and there goes the mind
The L Collins writes the battle of the baggage
I've time for this before the break I'll make time. I'll read it so fast you won't hear a word of it
Are we taking any calls today? Not
I'll write you the one
I don't want to maybe Monday that or maybe this afternoon that router will show up
And maybe I'll screw up all the connections and we won't have any internet over the weekend
And I'll have to call you and say send some stories. I don't think so. All right. I already sent stories for tomorrow
I'm way ahead of you good. So of course. I want to get like a hand start. He's got a he's got a thousand stories on
They're all ready for tomorrow
Gail Collins in the Times writes after nearly a week of bitter battery and must have pleased Barack Obama greatly when he was able to bring up
Hillary Clinton's cookie debacle Wednesday night finally got his hands reminder of a time back in 92 when she distanced the homemakers of America by saying rather
Inartially that she preferred legal work to baking and serving TD
For sure Clinton didn't need to remind her she's still pushing a recipe for chocolate chip cookies without meal and shortening as pennants
And people attacked her for being a leegist and missing that and I remember watching that on TV and saying well
That's not who she is Obama said cheerfully
In the first half hour of the 24th of eight Wednesday night the Democratic candidates for present-tossed personal baggage back and forth like a tennis ball
The bitter comment Hillary mentioned once again that a grandfather worked in a scrant lace factory the baking blender
Cue the cookies Jeremiah Wright and an unexistent Bosnian sniper where Clinton's admission of guilt was so full some that Obama declined to even press the issue
Obamac knowledge knowing Bill Ares the former member of the weather underground refused to apologize for the anti-war bombings during the Vietnam era
But then he followed back Hillary's husband had pardoned some weatherman
This is a guy who lives in my neighborhood as a professor of English in Chicago
Somebody who engaged in detestivalized 40 years ago when I was eight years old Obama could complain no fear blaming the eight-year-olds
It's amazing how often age comes up in this campaign even on the Democratic side
This week while he was speaking in Philadelphia Obama told the story about how he went to a sparsely attended gathering in Greenwood South Carolina
Feeling tired and slightly depressed until a local woman appeared crying out far enough and ready to go
She's seen some years of bomb said describing the scene the room full of welfare politicians and union officials. She may be close to a 60
Oh no some middle-aged women in the crowd started to hiss the battered Obama campaignates must have been swooning
First the gun lover is now the baby boomers seniors versus juniors think of it as a welcome break from gender and race
This long long primary has come to come down to time if not to age at least to tenure under the presidential spotlight
Clinton central argument against Obama is that he needs seasoning like a decade or two of unending public scrutiny
I have a lot of baggage in everybody's room and two or three years. She said during the debate
In fact, he said so many life changes
It's hard to believe the peculiar investments in marital mishefts and the lost law records were taxed the same person
Obama stuff is all so new the country's only heard about Jeremiah right for a few weeks and Bill heirs is less well known on the associates of latest American Idol reject
I know it's been a hard couple weeks people you were all excited about this election
Now you feel like someone who got all dressed up for a great event and wound up at a beat party list with a cash bar
You never want to hear the words bitter or Bosnia again
And the only political story that you really enjoyed lady is the one about cinema canes list of favorite recipes being crib from the food network
Maybe the problem is Pennsylvania
Not that it is a lovely place full of people who despite the economic woes are in excellent moods all the time
But the candidates pollsters always warn candidates at the entire state and possibly the presidency hinges on a couple of
Exurban neighborhoods full of alienated outdoorsmen
This causes Democrats to go into strange contortions when this Obama and Clinton at the debate racing away from gun
gun control is if they were paragray hounds for swearing middle class tax cuts as if they were George Herbert Walker Bush
The problem with primaries is that without real policy disagreements
If you want to prove you're better than your opponent has to get personal
Barack and Hillary are dying to take on John McCain
They can't wait to fight with somebody who thinks Iraq is a good idea
In a great debate breakthrough Hillary said she thought that while she was the best candidate
Barack could be the Republicans too. Yes. Yes. Yes. This is definitely a new conclusion on the part of the Clinton campaign
Arrived that under extreme duress and the presence of network TV cameras, but the Democrats can use all the amity they can get
Five more days in the center of the next primary. Let's not try to say anything insulting about Guam
The fourth leader
Well residue
That
Well
145 and 560 W. Quimmy, we got Curtis Stevenson for the jerks at 2 o'clock 2 to 4 today.
Where's jerks today? Do we have any idea, Chris?
I think he's at a, what are those things called?
Charity function up in Orlando or something.
I see.
3.72 and 9.11, right?
Yes.
It's 12.83. We need 17 votes and 50 minutes to get to 13.04 today.
Which is not, I don't know.
It's an unlucky number.
What do you think?
OK.
When I think George, I know George is all whipped up about it.
Oh, he just whipped up about that.
14 minutes will be 2 o'clock.
That's right.
And then it's Friday.
We're out of here and you can screw his brains out.
We'll smoke a lot of dope stuff in the weekend.
That's right.
And go roller a durbing with Johnny Joe Bell.
That's right.
I think that's where you guys ought to make the deal.
At the, at the Derby?
Yeah, at the Derby.
Sure.
Back me up.
A federal prison in May got himself listed on the ballot
for Idaho's May 27th primary as a Democratic presidential candidate.
Keith Russell Judd is serving time at the Bullmont Federal
Correction Institute in Texas for making threats at the University
of New Mexico in 1999.
He scheduled for release in 2013, senior by contract ends.
Judd 49 qualified for the ballot by submitting a notarized form
and paying the required $1,000 fee Secretary of State Ben Isura
said.
As a result, Democratic voters will be able to choose between Barack
Obama, Hillary Clinton, and Kurt Keith Russell Judd.
We got conned as you were told the spokesman we were here with
spoke can.
It's your second presidential bidnight of the newspaper said Wednesday.
In 2004, it declared as a writing candidate for prison, which
requires only the submission of a declaration and didn't get any votes.
Didn't get any votes.
Maybe he's not even registered to vote.
He didn't vote for himself.
No matter how many votes he gets this time, he won't get any national
convention delegates.
Idaho delegates are chosen at party caucuses.
The good thing is the Democratic presidential primary is absolutely
no legal significance.
Isura said.
Isura said.
Prison officials told the state elections are a fist that Judd sent
out about 14 checks to states he can get on the presidential election
ballot and only about half of them are returned.
He qualified as the writing candidate in Kentucky, California, Indiana, and
Florida, of course.
But Idaho apparently is the only state where his name will appear on the ballot.
It's a mockery of the system and it's too bad this kind of thinking that
and said Chuck Oxley, a state Democratic party spokesman.
Party leaders are especially annoyed because Asura said Republican
party Democratic state Senate candidate Matt Yost from the ballot after
determining that Yost was registered to vote in a different district.
I wonder if he's kind of Eddie Yost, the rate third basement for the
Washington Senators for 100 years ago.
Remember Eddie Yost, Chris?
Not.
Another name.
Do you?
Yeah.
You got the baseball card, normal title, flipping for it.
He'll flip a Dutch lender for Eddie Yost.
He didn't use when his bike spokes.
We have this really good candidate who can't get on the ballot and
this Yahoo prisoner in Texas who coughs up a thousand bucks can.
Ox, I like nowhere he got the thousand bucks.
Judd, I see.
U.S.
Judd paid his fee with U.S.
Treasury check drawn on his prison account.
In his declaration, Judd listed as a campaign office telephone number,
the city desk news tip line at the Bullmont and Price newspaper in Texas
on a project both smart profile gave an IRS line in Ohio for the number of his
campaign coordinator telephone.
We did some checking, you know, so it said there was nothing
legally to keep them off.
A key reason he was able to make the ballot was a recent change in state election
law that eliminated a requirement under which he would have had to get signatures
for more than 3,000 Idaho citizens.
Well, think about it.
He's got my vote over swallery.
I'll tell you that.
If it was like Michigan where she was the only name on the ballot, yeah.
I mean, why the media didn't just rip her to shreds about that or so transparent?
I mean, they're in audit.
Desperation, man.
Desperation.
Flailing about.
They agree that they're not going to campaign in Michigan or Florida, that they have
violated party rules, that the delegates won't be seated, that the primaries aren't
going to count.
It's just a beauty contestant.
Oh, well, those people have a right to have their votes counted.
Barack does not allow the people to have a right to vote by all this other crap.
And she, by the way, was the only Democrat, her and Kucinich, which watch him as a
me, but the only ones who left their names on the ballot in Michigan.
What does that tell you about her?
Mm-hmm.
By hook or by crook?
Crook.
Oh, no, my.
There's a reason why the Fedorichi died.
What are your grave rotates all about tomorrow morning when you close it for on 7 o'clock?
I hope that you will.
George wasn't real happy about your phone call this morning, Woody.
Hey, he met well.
Oh, you are.
You are such a stuck up.
Yeah, because you're going to get some freebies from him in the future.
I come to call you up.
Just ripped him a merciless ass this morning.
At least I ripped Tom Jicken as off the air and on the air.
Oh, he doesn't get you any tickets, does he?
That's not the point.
The point is he could have given us some good publicity and the written in nice space,
which I'm sure you would have.
But you know, you call somebody when you know they're not there and then say, I'll
call you back in half an hour.
You know you had a caller ID.
I don't have caller ID.
I can't get it here, okay?
Because my phone is part of the building system.
I can't get caller ID.
I got caller call waiting.
And that is signing?
Yeah.
I can't get caller ID.
Damn Canadians.
It's not can it candidates.
It's a building thing.
It's a system.
Don't you understand it's in the system, Schmuck.
Okay.
Now, what do we got on that pull yours?
We're getting close.
381.
389.
11.
What?
We need 8 more in 10 minutes.
Oh geez.
Well, I don't know on a Friday afternoon near the end of the show.
What if I always talk to you about these poles when I try to treat your little pole etiquette?
Never count your chickens before they scream on that machine.
Exactly.
Those screaming chickens.
I'm sure we should have had those at Woodman.
They don't have them.
Two sent machines.
He-ha.
He-ha.
Now, who's the most unlikely guy in the world to be playing a slot machine called He-ha?
You?
Yes.
But I love it.
It's great.
When you get that third chicken, just screaming and yelling and just carrying on like
somebody is a-chopping a set off.
Where the hell did I see that?
It was on some- oh, it was on TV the other day.
They're talking chicken in Italy.
The guy was chopping the chicken's head off.
Oh, it was the most gruesome.
It was an alley.
Yeah.
Even Paco couldn't look at it.
I'm sure that in Mexico they probably chopped a lot of chicken's heads off.
I imagine.
They were choked.
I have no doubt about that.
Now, what do we need?
381?
89.
Well, let's see how we're doing.
383.
Six mold, baby.
Let's do it before we get out of here to make it a really bad weekend.
Happy Paco's, by the way, for those of you who are going to be next to El Mata.
Salt and butter.
Hmm.
Forget the salt is bad for your blood.
You don't really need the salt.
Although Mata is so tasteless, you need something out there.
See to me, I know you would say this about steak, too, but a great steak you don't need
to put anything on.
Like, it's Chris or hopefully Morton.
Yeah, it's him trying to night.
Why would I argue with that?
Well, there you go.
I mean, it's okay, too, but you don't need to.
But you don't need to.
I mean, a mediocre steak that's got no taste.
You got to drown it in like, you know, steak sauce.
Like A1.
What's that real good stuff from New York?
Peter Luger.
Oh, baby.
Now, this is like sucking sugar, man.
A lot of sugar in that sauce.
Did you say sugar?
Okay.
Why?
Nothing.
Three, eighty six.
Oh, my God, during the break, during our final break, I think we're going to do it.
And this weekend, Georgia's having a big powwow with Joe Bell.
I'm sure.
I sure call you at home and say, let's do lunch like tomorrow.
Okay.
And then you go to lunch and then Monday morning you'll come in and you've got to make
an announcement of big, raised, a 20 year contract takes the show over when I croak.
All of these things.
All of these things.
And I was even doing drugs before I said anything.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
Peter is now a logist.
4.305.62 AM.
I think.
The sports leader.
At the.
Oh, John.
Oh, John.
Well, when he was alive back in 1489, he was a little guy who stood four foot five,
and died around and faced him with a couple of kids.
And he was in charge of the Vatican.
Pope John.
Oh, John.
Oh, John.
Pope Fias John.
You see the folks at Priests forget Married Back there and spread the money round to their
offspring and kids.
So the Bakers at the Vatican may marry his sin and that holds the problem for his husband
in him, Pope John.
The scandalous secret he didn't confess was that he was a pregnant girl under that dress
back then.
They all dressed in drag that help keep it in because if anyone found out he lose the
game, Pope John.
Oh, John.
Oh, John.
You're fairer.
I'm Pope Fias John.
One windy day is dressed blue up in the dust and someone yelled, hey, that guy has no nuts.
And like Marilyn Monroe is skirt below high and everyone knew it was the end of the line
for Pope John.
Embarrassed and worried the bank would go broke, the Vatican chimneys belched down
whole his smoke.
From history, spin doctors had this erased not long after they had this greatly replaced
Pope John.
Oh, John.
Oh, John.
Oh, John.
Pope Fias John.
Oh, John.
Oh, John.
Oh, John.
They buried him or her out there.
What a public view and a tomb held together with Scott Tape and Blue.
These view words are written on his tomb.
We pray that everybody will forget about you, Pope John.
Oh, John.
Oh, John.
Pope Fias John.
Oh, John.
Bye, bye, bye.
The biggest names of this talent.
Oh, John.
Oh, John.
Oh, John.
Oh, language.
His being selfish and calm.
The least en transportingifics in apprenticeship they sent.
I was eager to confirm this testimony was ...
Most of the time most of the skills began to be a founding of the SpiritKK.
This would be our...
I think we have a system that is a type of prudent, still completely and beautifully written.
