The music expressed on the previous
No George today, no Chris today just me and
Pleee
Not like those of the beastly broad
How great
It's doubt, advertisers
And if that level was any lower I couldn't remember the name
The stuff
The stuff
The stuff
The stuff
The stuff
The stuff
The stuff
The stuff
The stuff
The stuff
The stuff
The stuff
The stuff
The stuff
The stuff
The stuff
The stuff
In other counties
Kolk toe free
877-8億
Lot of hotels
сот, drone
$1500
the archives
The ree
The ree
Thee
Thee
As you see, K.S.
A slew.
Everyone who owns a sock has been getting quite a shock
In the big financial world,
Now the drain the monies world,
It could almost make you sick,
Sell that sock and sell it quick,
Seems it's never gonna stop,
Watching through the Wall Street Rock.
Stockholm lower now,
Oy Stockholm lower now,
Oy, Oy, How low can it go?
When our corporation failed,
Someone ought to go to jail,
Want to see ears and suits,
Keep their golden barricades,
It's enough to make you sick,
How they get away with this,
While all your investments flop,
Watch them through the Wall Street Rock.
Oy Stockholm lower now,
Oy, Oy, Oy, Oy, Oy,
Stockholm lower now,
Oy, Oy, Oy, How low can it go?
Yes, yes.
This economy's the truth,
Everybody's going broke,
Can't get credit for alone,
I think I will lose my home,
And it really makes me sick,
There's no quick or easy fix,
Everyone who owns some stock,
Should be voting for Barack,
Barack Obama now,
Barack Obama now,
Now go to the polls,
La la la la la la,
La la la la la,
La la la la la,
La la la la la,
La la la la la,
La la la la la,
La la la la,
La la la la,
Don't worry, man,
That was up 18 points,
It was up 27, I started the sentence,
18 and have 24.69,
Spastic, it's all over the place.
Well, happy Monday to you,
Flea is with us,
I'm here,
And that's it,
Me and Flea,
You know, I could just go nuts for the next four hours,
I could just sit here and do a tie,
I mean, I just might do it.
I say go for it,
Freak inc clearance,
You are the most useless piece of walking turd
In the history of mankind,
And of course you're boss,
Jolly Joe, ho ho ho,
He doesn't like to micro-manage,
So he's not going to interfere,
With all the scruples that you're doing,
Which is why you can't complain about the numbers on this decision,
Because we haven't got any.
Oh, and so I was down there for five days,
And guess who I heard for the first time ever in my life?
I D.A.
No, sit the kid,
Oh, sorry, across the street.
Oh, good God,
Talk about a radio accident.
Not only is he got that obnoxious New Yorkie sound,
But he's got 80 million guests,
Each one of them is according to him,
The greatest guest in history,
And his favorite person,
And the favorite basketball guy,
And the favorite,
And just one after the other,
And they don't say a damn thing,
It's the most boring swill,
And I wonder he's got a two-something.
And nobody drops more names in him.
Really, I didn't listen that long.
Every time I turned back,
He was going to another guest on the phone,
With that obnoxious New Yorkie sound, man.
Unless, even people who live in New York
A lot of them can't stand that sound, you know what I mean?
That was up 52 points.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Yeah, this is just,
And Fat Chris, I don't know if he's going to be listening,
He's probably sound asleep, you know.
You know how us fat people we sleep a lot.
I think he shouldn't come in tomorrow either.
Okay.
Or Wednesday.
Or Thursday.
And definitely not Friday.
See, this is,
I had this out with him on the year before I went on vacation.
Either he works on this show or he doesn't.
It's not rocket science.
He gets paid hourly.
So the more additional hours he gets,
Since he's always crying poor mouth.
Oh, I haven't got any money I'm making though.
The more hours he gets, the more money he's going to make.
Is that logical?
Makes sense to me.
Yeah.
And George calls him or send him a message last night.
Like, George sent me a message last night also.
That he was, he said,
If I'm sick in the morning,
Is I am right now?
I won't be in tomorrow.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
And he sent the same message to fat Chris.
So does fat Chris call anybody or make any effort to get his fat ass out of bed and come in this morning?
No.
If Lee weren't there,
I'd be sitting here talking to,
Into a vacuum somewhere.
I'm sure it wouldn't even be on the air.
This is the kind of nourish guy.
The kind of foolishness,
The kind of insanity that goes on there replaces what,
That substitutes for what we used to call broadcasting.
This is not a broadcast radio station.
This is a joke.
This is a disaster.
This is what Jolly Jo Bell is done to this place.
What the hell per course of his little quizzling clearance?
Oh, well, uh,
Granny Chris said the ball games,
The ball games,
The ball games, what's important?
That's what people listen to.
No, it's not what they listen to.
They watch it on TV for free.
Did you listen to it on the radio?
Who, first of all, who'd want to listen to Jimmy Cifalus?
I heard some of that, too.
Oh, my goodness.
That was last weekend.
I heard some of the Eureven game.
He's no Howard David.
No, you know something?
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Can't say much for Moe,
But at least you can say that.
Jimmy Cifalus, not only is he is work aborted,
But the technical quality of the broadcast sounds like he's doing it
From a broom closet.
Get out of the closet, Jimmy.
You're fairly.
Jesus Christ.
What a disaster.
There's no crowd noise.
It's like.
And the rally in Brown just carried four yards of the twenty one out.
It's just awful.
Awful.
Horrendous.
Unacceptable is what it is.
Let me say it again.
Acceptable.
Although I forgot.
Our week blushed down here.
They won the both won this weekend.
Keens and the a fish.
By the way, thanks for beating Buffalo.
Now, the wingman's time for first place.
Are they five and two?
I do believe.
Yes, they are.
Don't ask me how.
They do it.
Now, let's see.
Speaking of, I got a bunch of dead people, by the way.
Not anybody all that important.
But I got some dead people.
Where the hell is that thing about the ball games, the keens, the keens broadcast?
I got one here.
Oh, and also during the week that I was out, here it is.
The week that I was on vacation.
So there must have been three, four hundred emails.
Neil at Nearodges.com.
That's our email address.
99.9% of which were garbage.
Pure unadulterated.
That's right.
Not anybody actually saying anything.
By the way, Sal, beyond, they'll go away already.
Okay, I'm going to block you next time.
Just go away.
You send me just tons of garbage.
Links to this and links to that and links, even people who go to breakfast
but both phase never saw so many links.
This guy sends me.
Say something.
Have something to say.
Oh, let's see.
Here's Jonathan.
To Curtis DeBros.
And it's just the same crannocrap.
On and on.
Why won't Obama release just a bunch of right-wing Sputum?
If you want to send right-wing garbage, don't waste your time sending it to me.
It'll be deleted immediately if not sooner.
Oh my god.
The swill that comes in on this thing.
Maybe Joe Dodgeola's got something to say.
I'll print it out and see if he's got something to say.
Anyway, getting back to the McCain's broadcast.
Here's one.
Sending McCain's hidden past.
Oh, the stuff.
Let's get the election over with already.
Okay, before us.
Anybody changes their mind?
And some people are going to, I'm sure, as somebody went through the effort of making a UQ video.
Near Rogers cost Obama the election.
And why near Rogers?
They didn't vote in the audio.
And they'll hold YouTube thing.
It went on forever.
Somebody put a hell of a lot of effort into that.
Although they must be psychic because I did not vote.
That's why I did this poll today.
If anybody thinks that I'm going to stand in line for three, four hours to vote,
you're out of your mind.
And Brenda Snipes, when you go to vote, be sure to vote against Brenda.
Broward Supervisor of Elections, vote against her ass.
17 polling locations in Broward County.
Do you have any idea how big Broward County is?
Free.
I'd say about a million people.
Is it about what?
About a million.
A million voters.
Great.
17 locations.
Not nearly enough voting machines and as a result.
The news.
All they keep showing on the news is everybody, oh my goodness, three and a half hours on line.
It's not only in Broward County it's all over the country because,
even though they give you this song and dance about, oh, it's your patriotic duty to vote.
They make it almost impossible.
They don't want you to vote.
Here's Bert, who says I had no idea your station had such taste.
But you must not have been listening too long, Bert.
Today I ran into the UM Wake Forest football game on a radio in your station.
I found one of the most horrific for real bad broadcast teams I've ever heard.
Ever.
It was painful to listen, especially when those two guys, your station employees, got
excited over a play.
Not sure which is which and who is who, but sounds like they took the two guys out of a
flat house and animal house and put them in there.
I'm guessing no doubt students working for free.
What he's trying to say is, I'm finding a complaint with you who surely must have a
better taste.
Yeah, I've got a lot to say about it, Bert.
File a complaint with me, okay?
File a formal complaint.
Please help them recruit someone from the NHL to do better.
Further proof, listen to the beginning of the third quarter of the next 10 to 12 minutes
and see what I mean.
It's constipation at the microphone for the third quarter, which is all I heard.
Amazingly bad broadcasting says Bert, not just bad, amazingly bad.
Absolutely.
Yeah, but that's what we specialize in.
We've got that wall of football with some of the worst make-believe broadcasts in the
history of the business.
But nevertheless, we're not in the business.
So why should we care?
Like George keeps trying to tell me, just forget about it.
Don't get excited.
Don't get upset.
I sat down here 8.25 this morning for 27 minutes.
I'm going, hello, hello and flea is on her.
Hello, hello, anybody there?
Neil, hello.
And I'm not blaming flea because thank God he's there.
But you didn't know which pot to open, right?
That is correct.
Except the stuff that George left over, they didn't smoke over the weekend, which is probably
why he's sick.
He's sick and awful lot.
I'll tell you that.
I'm not going to complain because he always covers my ass and fills in a lot.
But boy, he is sick a lot.
Am I right?
Yes.
Too much cruising and the boozin and the loosing and screwing and just, you know, and more power
to him.
I don't like to micro-manage, guys.
So I'll let Clarice do whatever he wants to do.
So we have no board operator on the show.
That's how important we are in the scheme of things in this radio station.
Air retrend, air rebooked, it's come up for the last 11 years.
We've got the highest number on this station and yet somehow, some way, we don't count.
We get what I don't want to refer to like free is like a slap over.
But I mean, you're not part of the show.
You have a real job there, supposedly.
And I would think you'd have some clout with your good buddy Joe.
I did not vote.
Oh, Neil, how could you love a bum?
Too bad.
Prominutes after 10 at 5.60 WDQAM week after week, more and more people taking the
advance of Neil's half price deals on WDQAM.com.
And this week, no exception, starting Thursday at noon, you can buy $50 certificates for
25 bucks to the brand new Dockers bar and grill, a quarter mile west of 441 on Miramar
Parkway.
Dockers is fast becoming an East favorite.
They're not equal.
They core his warm and inviting the food as hot and tasty and the drinks are ice-cooled.
Just wait until you try their your way.
A crispy shrimp, John Baleia, karaoke glaze salmon and amazing chicken dishes.
As for entertainment, Dockers features karaoke on Wednesdays, Texas Holdham tournaments
on Thursdays, live music on Fridays and great DJ playing the oldies on Saturday nights.
Plus Dockers has drinking food specials for every game and happy hour weekdays from 11
a.m. to 7, the longest in town.
Called Dockers at 954894 Dock, the OCK, go to wqm.com to buy $50 certificates and half
prices 25 bucks starting at noon this Thursday.
The biggest name.
The best town of people.
There's no projects.
440, you're used to 60 QAM.
The fourth late.
No portion of this program may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM
be the broadcast group incorporated.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
This is I with the Stude.
Senator John McCain is vowing to in his words whip Obama and their third and final presidential
debate.
We've had my friends.
What America needs in this hour is a fighter.
I've been fighting for this country since I was 17 years old and I have this far as
to prove it.
We have to fight.
I will fight every moment of every day.
I'm not afraid of the fight.
I'm ready for it.
The Vietnam veteran also issued a challenge suggesting that T and Obama be dropped naked
into a forest with only a hunting knife to see who comes out alive.
We'll be right back.
It's 1017 at 560 WQAM.
You didn't vote Neil.
Oh my God.
What if he loses by one vote?
First of all, if I would have stood in line for three and a half hours, they probably
won't count my vote anyway.
And let me also say this.
It's a good thing I was down there for five days to get the local flavor or everybody's
always telling me, oh, you're out of touch.
You're out of touch.
You know something.
Touch this.
If there is a worse major market newspaper than the South Florida Sun Sentinel I've never
seen it.
How much that paper weighs about a half an ounce the Monday through Saturday edition.
Sunday they got to get all the ads in.
So they sent you like 40 pounds of sogging wet soaking ads.
But Monday through Saturday you could you could lift that newspaper with your pinky.
It's stinky.
The Sun Sentinel.
Fort Lauderdale needs a real newspaper.
Oh.
Come on.
Somebody out there open up a certain newspaper.
Get that gelatin thing with the gelo.
Do you ever do that when you were a kid print that stuff with them?
Whatever they call that with a purple ink.
No, I don't think so.
No, well, you grew up on a different era for me.
I grew up in a simpler, you know, Azean Harriet.
I also grew up in a town that had a good newspaper to St.P. Times.
Yes, St.P. Times is sensational, especially compared to the Harold and especially the South
Florida Sun Sentinel.
Oh, and by the way, if you're looking for a ball game score in a Sun Sentinel, if the
game ended after like 9.30 at night, forget about it.
You're not going to see it.
Because the paper goes to bed.
They go shluffing at 9 or 10 o'clock at night.
And so they don't have any late scores, meaning if the game ended like a 10, 30 or 11 o'clock.
Forget about it.
World Series games, hockey games, any games.
Not going to see it in the Sun Sentinel.
What they've done to that newspaper is criminal.
I think Joe Bell must be running it.
You're good buddy, Joe Bell.
And didn't you say the last time that you were on the air with him with me that Joe Bell
was just as big of a jerk over in a West Coast?
Did you say that?
No, I said less actually.
He was less of a jerk over there.
Yeah.
And what happened when it came over here?
I'm not really sure.
Like I said over there, he didn't know the format that well, so he stayed away from it.
Oh, and he knows this one?
Well, he doesn't like to micromanage, please.
In other words, he doesn't know his bad ass from his elbow.
That's what he's really trying to say.
And that's obvious.
Can't complain about the numbers, Joe.
We don't have any.
We suck.
Can't complain about the audience.
It doesn't exist.
And what were our op against?
I mean, my God.
Have you ever heard the guys they got in midday over there across the street?
No, I have none.
Sounds like Ding Dong school.
Sounds like a couple little kids playing radio.
Oh, I found a microphone.
Let's put Gellie on with these guys, okay?
Just absolutely unacceptable.
Well, my new favorite show is a cephalo on IOD.
Yeah.
Jimmy Cifalist talks right wing politics sports.
Jimmy, I'm going to tell you you are just a tragedy and embarrassment.
Here's an email.
There's a few of them trickling in.
Not a lot.
Three or 400 over the weekend.
I ran it over the week that I was gone.
And I came back and I looked at that and I thought to myself, wow, there's going to
be a lot of material from Monday morning.
Guess what?
99.9% of that stuff was pure unadulterated.
Just garbage.
Here's one from John who says in Fort Lauderdale, have to disagree with you ever so slightly
about jerk, jerk street, who did the game seven day with old Brent.
He's a pretty good looking guy as Gellie used to say, who cares what he looks like?
He's just a motor mouth.
And don't forget Neil, he used to wear a jock strap at Ohio State.
He's big, Neil bigger than both of us.
And PS, those Hori Kane football broadcasts are dreadful.
Understand the century they're dreadful.
And didn't you tell me that the beast is doing something instead of a Jesse Agler?
What broadcast is that?
The beast anchors the pregame show.
And for what?
The Hori Kane's?
Yeah, they do a four hour game.
Because he's Clarence's boyfriend, Jesse Agler who's a real broadcaster and got a good
voice and like a good guy, we don't want to put him on there because he sounds too professional.
So let's put all Clarence's boyfriends on there.
How long have we been telling you that screaming about it on his station?
Clarence and his boyfriends, the UM fraternity and Clarence didn't even go to school there.
That's the best part.
That's another way of saying, I have no lie.
Pathetic Clarence, you idiot.
You simple didn't.
I'm going to tell you, if you're over the age of 100, there's a place you're going to
love.
I had a good time the week I was down there.
Hard Rock is great.
Pompato Park, there were some people there, few.
They're doing better than the other.
I read the article in the scum sentence.
It's easy to read the whole paper.
It's taken a choice from cover to cover from front to back all the sections.
You can read the whole thing in 30 seconds or less.
Who are you people that are running that alleged newspaper?
Now, what kind of a joke is that thing?
There's nothing to read in it.
It's about eight pages, the whole damn thing.
They've got four sections.
Each one is two pages.
Piece of turd, the Sun Central.
But anyway, there was a thing in there about the slots and about how businesses weigh
down with the economy.
Nobody's got any money.
Sarah is going to help us out though.
Oh, he is for a tax credit.
There you go.
That was down 53 point.
It's hovering.
It's like undecided.
Coconut Creek, Seminole Casino.
Now, I'd heard a lot about that place.
And I heard, remember, one guy won a couple million dollars there on a slot machine a
long time, a couple of years ago.
Isn't that the one?
Yes.
Well, what would you know?
And don't feel like you have to sit there silent because you're it.
Oh, I'm here for you.
Yeah, I can tell.
Oh, God.
This is just, this is unacceptable, Joe Bell.
Unething acceptable.
You idiot.
And as far as fat Chris is concerned, we're shopping for a new board op.
Went through the whole thing before I went on vacation, thought we had it straight.
Now with him, he was going to be here every day.
And if they had to push him on a ballgame on the weekend, he could either butcher up and
say, I can't do it or he could work seven days, whatever.
He needs the money.
But, apparently, he doesn't need the money.
Maybe his girlfriend is supporting him or something like that.
I have no idea.
You know how that goes.
He lives with his mom, doesn't he?
I don't know.
Pretty sure he does.
Well, what does that tell you?
How old is he?
30 something?
Yeah, like 32, I think.
32 lives with mommy because he ain't making any money.
And he's got a chance to make, well, let's see, four times three, fifty is like fourteen bucks
and grows today.
Couldn't get his fat ass out of bed and come in and do the job and be here for us with
Georgia's out sick.
No, not fat Chris.
We're shopping for a board op that's going to be there every day.
Not one who's got mixed allegiances and who keeps showing up for the stupid ball games
on the weekend because he's too much of a whist.
He's got the balls of a butterfly is what he's got.
Anyway, coconut creek that they have a breakfast.
Well, it's a buffet that goes on breakfast lunch dinner till you're through puking your
guts out.
The worst swill in the history of the human.
It's what it is.
It's a buffet for old Jews with no teeth.
And that casino, you could find broom closets bigger than that casino.
We didn't stay there too long.
I've never been there.
Oh, God.
When you're way to you, you'd be like the great grandson of somebody who'd be at that
place.
So did they have jello at the buffet?
They had lots of jello that were nailing it to the wall.
They should have nailed most of the people there to the wall.
Oh, my God.
I thought maybe feel good.
I felt like a teenager there by far and away the youngest people in that place.
It's the seminal.
The other one hard rock is great and people go there because there's stuff to do.
There's good restaurants there.
There's Johnny, Johnny Rockets.
You ever go to Johnny Rockets?
Yeah.
I love that place.
I don't like their onion rings, though.
I don't know.
The Asian place there is good too.
Cat too.
It's really good.
Is it really not a tell me?
Because I don't know if I'm coming back anytime soon.
I sure doubt it.
I had a pretty good time, actually.
But seminal coconut creek.
Stay away from it.
You geek.
Speaking of old people, elderly South Florida duo un-engineered after car plunges
from second floor garage.
Driver mistook the gas pedal for the break.
Oh, yeah, that's South Florida for you.
In Halendale, an elderly woman in Manage's car drove a dove off a second floor parking garage
and landed on a vehicle below.
So for no injuries authority said last week.
The incident happened about 10.30 last Monday.
We could go today in a parking garage at 455 Golden Isles Drive, Fire Rescue Division,
she Frichard Stover said.
The female driver, 75 hit the gas instead of the break as she tried to park.
Halendale beat spokesman Andrew Casper said.
She was supposed to pump the brakes but instead hit the gas and went over the edge.
A 78-year-old male passenger was also inside.
The car read Mercury burst through a retaining wall nose first.
It struck a silver toy to blow it and stayed there braced, yet dangling about 20 feet from
the second story, a neighbor called 911.
Paramedics rushed to the garage.
The Mercury's occupants told Halendale beats firefighters.
They were okay.
So authorities called for the Broward Sheriff's Fire Rescue Technical Team to come extricate
the pair using special equipment.
The woman and man were not hurt.
He said a tow truck called the Mercury out of the gear rive.
Oldie Helen.
The best house in the open air project.
Forty-two-five sixty-c-a-m.
The fourth lead.
The biggest name.
The best house.
It's a big dog.
Joe Rose.
We're South Florida sports.
Always matters.
Forty-a-five sixty-c-a-m.
The sports leader.
What's your problem?
I broke in through her bedroom window.
And by the end, she did my wig.
What I did I knew was criminal.
But that ain't doesn't do if you play for the fish.
I guess my girlfriend forgot to kill me.
That's another bitch with someone else's wife.
A man.
A surly husband was being innocent.
And I found out when it changed me with a dog.
Why didn't that bitch tell me?
It was too dark to see.
She'd be in bed with her husband.
And that's still the best.
Not a bitch.
He don't feel me now.
Haven't lost enough to that.
10-32-5 sixty-w-Q-A-M.
So you thought that the story from Helen Dale was good, huh?
That was pretty good.
But here's one from Sunrise.
Headline.
Retiree plows car into Sunrise condo building.
An 88-year-old retiree whose license had been revoked indefinitely,
plowed his car into balcony supports at a Sunrise-like condo Wednesday,
temporarily displacing some residents of the three-story building police
and condo officials be saying.
Sunrise resident Irving Lists was notified in early October as drivers' license was being revoked,
according to the Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles.
The revocation went into effect the very day of the accident state record show.
Lists' license had been suspended since January 2006,
for afraid to pass the driver's license exam, according to the state.
He's definitely in fault for the accident,
said Sunrise police lieutenant Brian Girady.
Police said, listen, his wife Estelle 83, a passenger,
were pulling their blue Chrysler sedan into their usual parking spot
at Sunrise Lakes Phase 3, building 73 at 8.35 a.m.
when something rent a rye.
The car suddenly lurched forward, jumped the curb,
and knocked out two vertical supports rendering portions of the building unsafe here,
and he said, Lisa and his wife were taking a Westside Regional Hospital as a precaution.
It sounded like a bomb hit the place at Howard,
Pacatillo, building captain of the 36-unit complex,
at 88-80 Sunrise Lakes Boulevard.
Now there's going to be several tenants who will be evacuated for several days.
Charges are pending, Lists could not be reached for comment.
The driver stated it was that his leg fell asleep,
maybe mist hitting the brake and hit the gas.
This is very common.
Yeah, which pedal makes the car stop?
And which one makes it go?
Oive.
Oh, ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho!
And they were probably on their way back from Coconut Creek.
I have never in my life.
I mean, ever seen such a crowd of walking dead as in that place.
And then the food and at buffet?
Oh, my God.
The only thing missing was the glass of pullet on the table.
I want to go back for refund.
And the thing was only like five bucks a person,
whoever heard of a buffet for five bucks.
Am I right?
Well, there you go.
And well worth it at half the price.
So what do you hear from Fat Chris?
Anything is he coming in tomorrow?
I haven't heard.
I'm assuming he'll be here tomorrow.
What?
I'm assuming he'll be here tomorrow.
Let me tell you this.
If you and I can do the show,
how come George and I can't do the show?
Hmm.
You know, they've been tried to do this for years
to eliminate a position and save some money
being the cheap bashings that they are.
Here's, here's an email from Mike who says this whole break,
all they did is run a big old commercial over and over on the Internet streaming.
Really, really weak.
It says.
And Mike gives me like six different numbers.
Go away, Mike.
I don't want your phone number.
Let's see.
Oh, here's here.
Oh, great.
I hope we get a lot of emails today from the fake fat Chris.
Oh, I hope we get many.
Here's one.
I'm printing it out right now.
Aren't you breathlessly waiting?
Yes.
Brian Peggan, mustard the wonder dog, said you can call in for an absentee ballot.
My mom who lives in Port Richie called in.
They're getting a, is getting the ballot spelled wrong.
Just overnighted back.
Every vote counts.
But it will put about glad to have you back.
I'm not voting.
In fact, I got an article here.
I just printed one of these six articles in the Sun Sentinel today.
Long lines and early voting sites in Broward continued over the weekend with weights.
Some day, I've known topping four hours at some locations.
Four hours.
What kind of a fool stands in line for four hours to wait to vote?
I mean, I know we want to get the damn Nazis out of there, but for crying out loud.
Give us a chance.
Johnny Darts, this thank goodness you're back.
George is ponderous on the air.
I'd rather hear Rocco bend over.
How about them dolphins?
They got a shot.
Yeah, they ought to be shot.
And what's this about Wayne is selling part of the team?
I didn't see that because I really don't care.
He sold half already.
Yeah, I knew that, but he's selling more of it.
I think he wants out completely at some point.
No.
For somebody who's one of these emailers said something about Rush Bing Bang is buying part of the team.
Wouldn't that be something?
I have not heard that.
Well, they already got Jimmy Cifilis on there to lift the right wing.
And of course, mad dog.
Oh, boy, how his stock has fallen.
Not just his numbers have fallen, but his stock in the universe with his right wing tirades.
648 votes on the pool today.
Now, let's see.
I didn't give the result from George's poll over the weekend.
He'd be really p-oed about that, wouldn't he?
No.
He wouldn't care.
Don't tell me I already smit canned the poll from.
I can find it again.
Wouldn't that be bad?
Wouldn't that be bad?
That would be horrible.
Oh, what are we going to do with flea to get him?
Here's the result of the poll.
George's poll.
1031 votes over the weekend.
I don't understand why women like men who abuse them.
343.
Arruning a good time.
65.
Going to the bathroom together.
56.
Nagging.
52.
Nagging should have been near the top of the list.
Nagging.
I am a woman.
So I understand it all.
45.
Only 4.3% of the votes on here women.
Oprah.
43.
Terturist shoes.
38.
Overabundance of clothing.
Meshues.
30.
Gay looking guys.
30.
Prison inmates.
28.
Dr. Phil.
26.
Stephen.
Rob Lowe to me always looked gay.
But I can understand why the ladies like him.
You know what I'm saying?
Don't you think a Rob Lowe looked gay?
Yes.
But he's not.
Well, not that we know of.
He's making babies.
He's doing the old inout with somebody.
Dr. Phil.
26.
Stupid big songwriters.
20.
60.
Pressing movies.
26.
Other people's business.
25.
Marathon phone calls.
22.
Dancing with a star.
20.
Noxious perfume.
18.
In practical things.
15.
Shopping.
14.
Wedding.
14.
Magazines.
99% ads.
Like the Sun.
13.
Soap.
11.
11.
Euclus ornaments 11.
Clay Acan 10.
Getting all moody after sex 10.
Slabs 10.
Hillary Clinton 9.
Michael Bolton 8.
Plastic Plant 6.
Crying 3.
Vagina monologues 2.
And flowers 2.
Out of a 1031.
You want to hear the one from the fake fat Chris?
Yes.
Neil, I'm sorry that I wasn't at work on Friday.
He wasn't here Friday?
No, it was me and George on Friday.
So how can he ask to take two days off now?
I don't know.
Oh, you just sent me over the edge, Mr.
Let me tell you right now.
Don't come in tomorrow, fat Chris.
Go work on some other show.
You turd.
You big fat lump of turd.
Anyway, he says, I'm sorry I wasn't at work Friday or today.
I'm getting too fat to rule myself out of bed.
Sunday I went to Taco Bell to celebrate the dolphins victory in Gorge myself.
I had three chalupas, two volcano tacos, two grilled stuffed burritos and anachos with cheese.
While he's cutting back.
I washed this down with some cold stone creamery.
Please help me, Neil.
I'm a fat, sticky, lazy, ugly, pathetic excuse for a human.
I have an appointment tomorrow to see the doctor about getting my stomach stapled.
Please don't make fun of me today, Neil.
I'm listening to this show and don't want to be offended.
Love you, fat Chris.
I think whoever writes these, the phony fat Chris,
let's put him on the board.
At least maybe he'll show up once in a while.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
You're busy, you're a Roger.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The.
Fourth.
Leap.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog Jim Mandish.
afternoon.
Sport A7.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The.
Sports.
Leader.
This patient stands for nothing.
It's a new, are you smarter than a fifth grader?
Tonight, are you smarter than a fifth grader?
The mother of all contestants.
Our family has the same ups and downs as any other.
The same challenges and the same joys.
Sometimes even the greatest joys bring challenge.
The first ever Westbound Pony Express delivery started in Missouri
and ended in what US state?
The great state of Alaska.
Not smarter than a fifth grader.
Which of the following is a country in Africa?
Albania, Argentina, Algeria?
Canada, Mexico, and then, yeah, that trip that was a trip of a lifetime.
And we've got to keep an eye on Russia.
No, not smarter than a fifth grader.
There are next door neighbors.
And you can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska.
I am so sorry, not smarter than a fifth grader.
That was down 83.
No reason to panic yet today, yet being the operative term.
669 votes on our current poll.
We should add vote Ampsten T on here, but you didn't know how to do that, do you?
No, I can do that.
You can?
Yeah, I can do that.
Now, I don't want to save these people any money.
And I certainly don't want to get fat, Chris, fired.
Why was neither on Friday?
I'm not really sure.
He just asked me to fill in.
I was on the schedule, I think.
I mean, I wish I could give you a better answer.
It's just, I don't know.
Friday and Monday.
I mean, what's the point?
If you don't want to be on the show, Chris, just let us know.
Okay, just send me a text message.
Just send a text to a flea.
And say, I quit.
I want on a ballgame.
I want to be on clearance's best side.
So I'll stick with the ballgames or some crap like that.
Yeah, add on a pool.
I vote absentee.
Okay?
Add it right now.
Somebody chastised me.
Now, what I was thinking during the break is the reason that we need,
used to need three people to do the show is somebody needs to sit in a big studio where I used to sit,
where George sits and send the faxes, you know, and be listening to the show all the time.
Yeah, you can make a couple of minor changes in this room and it would be pretty simple.
Basically, just fire the audio vault from that room and you're done.
Right.
Pretty simple.
If it sounds like we're trying to get rid of Chris's job, you're right.
672 votes on this pool today.
Would you wait in line for several hours to vote?
Yes, it's too important not to vote. 343.
I'll ride.
Better you than me.
No effing way, 207.
That's what I voted.
I didn't do it.
I won't.
Already did 122 hearty souls who did their patriotic duty,
who are brainwashed enough to believe that this is the way voting is supposed to take place.
17 places to vote in Broward County.
17 locations.
And about, they have, they have about as many machines at the polling locations so I'm told,
is they have a pages in the Sun Central.
Well, what happened to that paper?
You probably live in day, don't you?
Yeah, I live in Avengera.
Oh my God.
So you don't get the Sun Central.
Do you ever see it?
It used to be a pretty decent newspaper.
Not great, but certainly better than the Harold.
Now, you can't, you can't grade the quality of it because there is no newspaper.
There is no Sun Central.
It weighs a tenth of an ounce.
You could use it for toilet paper if the ink didn't run.
Barry says, and Barry was so emphatic with this that he felt he had a cent of twice.
Says, thank God you are back.
George did it again.
He had five unlistenable shows.
I don't know how he does it.
It's hard to be that bad all the time.
That's what the Barry says.
Hey, Barry, you fairy.
Quit picking on little Georgie sick today.
It's always sick.
He's out sick and fat Chris.
He's busy eating in the sleeping.
He's going to do the ball games.
That's what counts on Q and the ball games that everybody watches for free on TV.
Those ball games.
Believe me, with the people we got to win the games who could blame them.
Even flea agrees with that.
Yes.
Horrendous, grotesque, unacceptable, unbelievable.
Flea says, here's the facts from the fake flea.
Don't you feel honored?
All right.
Says, hey Neil, I really hate fat Chris.
Every time I pass him in the office, he smells like an old can of tuna fish.
He's always sweating and it's really starting to bug everyone in the building.
Please get rid of him and hire me to take his place.
I love you, Neil.
We could be great together.
See, whoever sent this doesn't realize that flea can't afford to take the pay cut.
No, that'd be a big pay cut.
A huge pay cut from the big bucks that he uses is siphoning out of there for promotions director.
There are no promotions.
It's a joke.
Great.
Two, whatever.
It's working for 350 an hour on it.
Although, look at all the free food used to get used to being the operative term.
Yeah.
I saved that.
I threw out a whole bunch of stuff from a big pile I had over here on my right.
I got two piles, the pool pile and stuff like that.
Oh, here it is.
I didn't want to smit canvas.
It's family frame it.
I make salad on eBay.
The memo, July 9, 2008 to all staff from Josh Darrow, carbon copy, jolly joe bill,
ray food delivery.
From this point moving forward, all food ordered to the radio station must be bought and paid for.
We can no longer receive food free of charge.
Any food a restaurant mentioned on here must be tied to a sales and promotions program.
You can still talk about restaurants and food on here as long as it relates to legitimate show content.
This is this was one of the lowest blows in the history of the business.
This goes to show the anti-human kind of sentiment that resides in the big bowels of jolly joe bill.
Because you know, even though clearance wrote the memo, you know who is behind us, don't you flee?
Absolutely.
And who is that?
That would be joe bill.
That would be your good close personal buddy jolly joe bill, the anti-Christ, the fat anti-Christ.
Big fat churred on two legs, jolly joe bill.
Has come into this radio station and brought a path of destruction and rape and plunder the likes of which has never been seen.
Destroyed everything that this place used to be.
How much a Greg Reed is laughing up his ass, you know what?
Somewhere wherever he's hanging out.
Do we know where he is?
He's still down here.
PD Lenny, Mr. Walking Comedy Act, was in it this morning before the show.
Bitschingen, Moningen, Belly, you can carry on, you wouldn't believe it.
He said he'd rather be dead than work for these bastards.
Is that what he said?
I think those were the exact words.
Those were the exact words, PD Lenny.
He said I'd rather croak than work for bastards like these.
They should only, he said hubman dread.
Long lines at early voting sites in Broward continued over the weekend with wait Sunday afternoon topping for hours at some locations.
Boy, you gotta really be dedicated or have no life or both.
Charlie Reed, 50 of Fort Lauderdale, said he tried to vote twice during the week, but left each time after realizing it after waiting line for hours.
On Sunday he said he wouldn't turn back without casting his vote at the Broward Main Library.
I would wait all day if I had to, he said.
That's how pissed off and fired up the public is.
County officials said roughly 12,000 people cast ballots during the five hours of voting Saturday.
It isn't known yet how many turned out during three hours of voting yesterday.
There were three hours of voting and yet some people had to wait for four hours.
Now can you finger that out?
Waits at the 17 early voting locations Sunday range from an hour and 30 minutes at the Davy Cooper City Branch Library on Southwest 82nd app.
The four hours and a half at the Tamarack Branch Library on West Commercial Boulevard.
The polls closed at 4pm.
However, the voting continued some locations to accommodate those standing in line.
It damn well better accommodate those standing.
Can you imagine if you stood in line for three and a half hours and it came to, oh sorry we're closing down now.
Come back another day.
See you on the fourth.
At the Hollywood Library near City Hall voters began queuing before 10am though the doors would open for another three hours.
By 2pm the line had grown to about 400 people and it snaked around the building.
There was a snake around the building.
A big ugly snake and looked just like...
Cheers to Gaki.
Yeah.
And here I always thought that he looked more like old penis face myself.
You ever meet Joe Zagaki?
Yes I have.
Am I right? Does he look like penis face?
Yeah I would say that.
So far the turnout in Broward has been heavily democratic.
Support for Barack Obama seemed a big draw to me and the voters lined up in Hollywood.
Doft and Grant and Obama supported from Hollywood had a succinct answer when asked why he would wait more than three hours to vote.
We have a lot of things that need to be fixed.
He said, hey guess what?
We need to vote for a new president of QAM.
We have a lot of things that need to be fixed.
Including Clarence's...
Correct them.
Several people interviewed said they didn't mind long waits.
When you see the economy the way it is unemployment, we needed just change what we've been doing.
So Donald Jones who lives in Hollywood works as a road ranger West Palm Beach.
I sixth grade teacher in...
Canada, they went to New York, his name was Donald Jones.
Sixth grade, something teacher, I don't know what he was.
Social studies.
They still call it social studies?
Yeah, I think so.
Really?
Yeah, I believe they did.
In South Florida they call it anti-social studies.
With more than 80,000 people casting ballots in the first week of early voting,
Browards on track to meet projections of 80% turnout for the election, the highest rate since 92.
Susan Washington, 46 of World Law Todayl, said she felt giddy after voting despite waiting two and a half hours.
Washington, her husband, said they spent their time talking and engaging with other voters at the main library,
where officials have been allowing people to wait in the air condition auditorium.
Delay times now are posted in both the county elections office websites.
The county hotline, 311, provides the same information to callers.
For people who want to avoid lines, election officials will accept requests for absent he ballots through Wednesday.
Early voting continues today, started at 10 o'clock this morning, going on right now.
Get out there and stand in line, schlep along, baby.
In day county, it starts at 11 a.m.
Well, it starts in six minutes.
So get on line right now, all you old green tooths, like I said, stay home and play dominoes.
We've had enough fascism already, okay?
Maybe Batista was a good guy, never stole a freight train, but we don't want no more fascists.
Faisista, Faisista.
Elizabeth says, please know that Brenda Snifes is not responsible for the limited number of voting sites or hours in Broward County.
It's the result of the Republicans in the state of Florida, and it's gone article from the Harold about,
is the legislature to blame for long early voting lines.
Saying early voting costs too much money with rules that weren't uniform Republican legislatures,
did something three years ago, it's chopped off.
To set new statewide standards, the limited number of polling sites and the hours of operation.
Those revamped rules trimmed early voting from 12 hours a week, day to eight.
During the first presidential election since fat ass governor Jeff Bush signed the bill in 2005,
the new laws effect can be seen throughout South Florida, exhausting lines that polling sites and day in Broward,
that led voters to miss work, senior citizens to beg for chairs, and voting advocates to question why some are being disenfranchised.
You bet your sweet ass baby, you had to go on over there and voted at the library and plantation, but guess what?
When I saw in the news three, three and a half, four hour wait, I said, uh-uh.
I want Obama real bad, but I could lie, I could say what over there and voted.
And then I come back here and I see that YouTube thing, you know, somebody put together near Rogers cost Obama the election.
He didn't vote. It's a whole long complicated thing, you know.
Somebody who with no life put a lot ever. And by the way, speaking to somebody with no life,
remember the guy that was supposed to help me out with our website kept telling me that our neo-rogers.com was a piece of crap.
I was all remember that guy Richard Romer, uh-huh. Never heard from him again.
I keep looking every day. I keep looking Richard for your astute observations and for your suggestions and et cetera.
Nara, Nara.
The biggest name.
Not a word.
You don't give me no Rogers.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leaf.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
My Miami for Lauderdale.
This is the neo-roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
I'm going to say to my frog girl, let you.
The monkey is faded.
And recovery is overdue.
Don't worry. Joe, the plumbers on the way. He's got his plunger baby.
Let's go to Woodbine and Punger, our guts are 11-1 at 560 WQAM.
Let's take a look at that schedule if we must.
Fuuut!
Now, come on. We got the big ole from 2-4 back for our part 2 of his extravaganza today.
It's a spite of incredible public outcry and protest and revulsion.
4-7 mad dog.
He said hooters in the pines.
Dolphins tonight, 7-8 and then World Series game 5.
8 o'clock tonight.
So it's 3-1 for the Phillies. I went to bed last night.
Yep, they're at 3-1.
Oh, and I see they pounded the crap out of the raised.
They took the devil out of the devil raise.
What a shame that is.
Yeah, even the Phillies picture hit a home run last night.
Yeah.
Well, you got a bet on the Phillies' edit.
You sound awful happy about it.
No, I'm kind of sad because I'm from Tampa.
About those patriots knocking off St. Louis.
Another girls team.
Man, what a schedule we got this year.
Thank God for that.
And Denver.
Oh, my God. Denver is worse than the dolphins.
We'll find out this Sunday.
What?
We'll find out this Sunday.
We'll find out what.
It's a dolphins in Denver.
Oh, are you kidding me? That's a gimme.
Denver should just forfeit.
That cutler kid, the quarterback.
He makes Matt Casla look like Bart's star.
I'm telling you that's how bad he is.
That kid is pathetic.
John says long time list of sins to the Zayda days from Pomato Beach.
Have been living in Dublin, Ireland for the past six and a half years.
Don't miss living in South Florida, but visit twice a year.
Florida's good only in small doses.
Yeah, I would agree with that. I had a pretty good time for five days.
And I was at.
Besides my doctorate trips and stuff like that.
I received my absentee ballot and voted for Burak.
Absolutely no support for McKean Pail and Ticket over here.
I know you spend time in Europe. I recommend Dublin in July August.
And Pom and Mallorca well.
Enjoy the show on your website. Keep up the good job.
Best regards, John Rankin. Thank you, John.
But I'm not going to Dublin too many Irish there.
Too many pasty Irishmen.
Too many drunken.
Whatever.
I just have never had any desire to go to Ireland.
Do you have a desire to go to Ireland?
No, but I've heard good things about it.
Like what?
The best. Nice.
The people were friendly.
Lot of for leave.
Flores. Lots of leprechauns running around.
Lots of pubs.
Irish pubs.
Canyon pubs.
Russian pubs.
That's a good pull question. We ought to do it again.
I'd like to go to Prague.
Yeah, me too. I'd never been there.
I have a friend who went there and he said, eh, kind of boring.
Kind of boring.
Now you interrupted me just when I was in the middle of some fantastic thought there about Ireland.
Sorry.
That's okay. Just keep babbling.
So what do you think we don't weigh?
Limitate the position because I know they'd go for that in a heartbeat.
Yeah, I think they've already cut it out of the budget.
Sorry, Chris.
That the two cents an hour we were paying you.
We can't afford it.
We got to buy a few staples now. Maybe some office supplies.
What a cheap fat bastard that Jolly Joe Bell.
What a what a turd, man.
He is the absolute debt.
If you look a fat nasty turd in the dictionary, you'll see his picture there.
Jolly Joe Bell rhymes with hell and sure ain't swell.
Wouldn't mind over the weekend if he fell like on his ass.
Broke his neck.
Shirley says, if you change your mind, the lines in hell and they are shorter than they have chairs.
Well, what does that mean? Like you can pick and choose where you're going to vote?
Don't you have to vote and wherever your name is registered?
I would think so. Maybe it changes with the early voting though. I don't know.
Get out of here.
I don't think so. I could be right.
I'm going to come back so I can go to Holland. You've got to be kidding, Shirley.
And they have chairs so you don't have to stand.
I went the second day waiting for about an hour.
When we drove past there yesterday, there were less cars in the parking lot.
Please at least check it out. We can't let the fascist back in.
Yeah, I'm going to fly back down there to Marahoney and I'm going to vote in the Holland Dale.
My guy said he wasn't waiting in line either. I said I would hold my services until he votes.
And our age just means dropping off his vehicle for repairs.
Oh, Shirley. Surely you're kidding.
717 on the survey.
Ken from Atobico says, welcome back. Here's a concept for a poll which needs to be word-smithed by you.
Unless you've already done it. What a great Canadian word that is. Word-smithed.
You think any American would use that expression word-smithed?
Not down here.
Oh, it's so kanucky, baby. When my time is up, I will probably die from.
And that's got a list. Murder, drowning, car crash, plane crash, military conflict, terrorist attack, old age, age.
Stroke heart attack, cancer, other disease, accident eaten by a shark.
That's a good poll. That isn't that's cute.
And thank God no emails from a salve beyond today.
Neil at neorodges.com. That's where to send your emails when you have something to say.
Not a link to some 50,000 page article that I don't have time to read.
And certainly I'm not going to read on the air. The Dow is only down 30.
Isn't that good? Good news. The Dow is down.
25. See, you can't even get the words. It's so spastic and fluctuating so much.
You can't even get the words out of your mouth.
Larry says, Neil, did you see Gloria Stefan at the hard rock? No, thank God I did not.
She's bigger than both of us. Also, I saw Zach at a pizza place eating this huge pizza.
If he lost 50 pounds, it needs to drop another 120, 125. He is huge.
Is he still huge? He's lost about 40 pounds. And he's still huge.
He's not small. Let me say it again. Is he huge? Yeah, he's big.
Okay. Don't start playing like a fat Chris there now. You'll be next.
He's smaller than Chris though. Well, who now? Listen, Beast.
Well, we sure got a fat place man. We got a fat farm at QAM.
The only thing that's not fat are the ratings or the paychecks.
Well, well, speak for yourself. And mine shows up on time.
Error repaid it a couple days early, every painting.
I got that fat fart train really well. Just give me to pay check. That's all accounts.
He does. It's always good for getting your paid early. And of course with this company, that's all accounts getting paid.
Oh, no, you're wrong, Neil. We're going to change the world here on QAM.
Oh, yeah. And then we have had about 5,000 people send me this article.
Wayne wants to sell before Obama raises taxes.
Taking up the right wing mantle where Joe Robbie left off that good Republican Joe Robbie.
Dolphin's owner H. Wayne Heisinga said yesterday no dates been set for selling up to 45% more of the team to Stephen Ross.
But the presidential elections among the issues weighing on his decision.
That's because in Obama administration expected to mean hired a capital gains tax.
Oh, my God. He wants to double capital gains tax almost double at Heisinga said I'd rather give it to charity than give it to him.
And that's right. All the extra tax money that the wealthy are going to be paying. It's going to go to him.
Ross purchased 50% of the team in Dolphin Stadium for $550 million earlier this year with intention to eventually become a majority owner.
If you do it this year or you do next year the difference is humongous because of the taxes Heisinga said so right.
Sarah Tally in the Miami Herald. And that's sent to us by the anxious rich factor.
Good thing George is out sick today. Maybe that's why he is sick.
Did he know that Chris was not going to see I want you to try to explain to me. I don't want to put a burden on you.
But how is it that Chris was out Friday and today?
I mean that's a good question. I was scheduled to work for him today. And I think that George did not know that or wasn't aware of that.
And I can't tell you about Friday. I'm not sure how that all happened.
I know it sounds retarded. I have no other better explanation tomorrow.
Were you telling me about the great calls George had all last week? I thought Georgia show was okay last week.
I'm not looking to knock it. Do you think I'm going to knock Georgia show? Even though we might deserve it.
And he did take some calls. And? Yeah they were okay. So there you go.
I'm your friend. Well friends. Same person. Prozac Ron and John McCain.
They're both Mavericks. The fake Johnny Darks is Joseph Gackey and Don Bailey Jr.
And the beast are the worst. The worst. Absolutely. Whatever happened to Mark van der Mir. He's great. He was great.
He was too good for this market. Is Josie sunny Hershey's stepson speaking of sunny. Whatever happened to sunny from the market.
Funny he should know whoever this is should mention that because George was talking about that.
That even for a wind of vacation sunny from the market fell on hard times lost it all.
Lost it all like sunny would say we're not here for a long time just for a good time.
Well neither one in your case sunny was a good guy too. But he evidently fell on hard times.
I haven't even got to the dead people yet. It's already 10 after 11. I'm getting way past my time.
It's okay. It's what we're here for. We're not here to entertain. We're here to kill four hours in a very monotonous terminal.
And by the way thanks for the crappy weather. I was down there. In fact I look out the window here right now in case cast your nose.
I was listening and it's murky. It looks just like soft food. It's you know a lot of many many degrees colder.
And it was warm but it was like murky and raining and nasty. I think I saw the sun the first day and that was the end.
Oh it's five. It's like 42 degrees here. Whoa. Not too toasty and murky and I think a few snow for his overnight.
How can that be? It's only October now. When does daylight time end?
Did they push that back in November sometime? I'm not really sure. I can look it up though. Well let's look it up. Let's find out what's Sunday.
We turn our clocks fall back. Spring ahead. We turn them back.
So that even though it gets dark now at 5.30. It'll be 4.30 in just as dark once we turn our clocks back.
Fall back. Spring ahead. How sad. Michael says welcome back. Neil. You still think it's not close enough to steal.
As evidenced by your stories on long voting lines in. Broward the voter suppression is amazing. How can this go on in 2008?
It's Zine America Michael. That's why you should know that by now. I'm very nervous. I need your reassurances.
Neil please tell me it's going to be okay. Okay. Is Dennis James would say okay. Okay. He was good. Dennis James.
He was an old smoothie. You know. Well not that kind of smoothie. But nevertheless. By the way, how about that Frankie Dittourion Saturday.
Did the Humber picked a phenomenal exacto there? Did you see that? No, I didn't. He sure looked a lot better on TV than he didn't person that night.
I had dinner with him a couple weeks ago. Boy they must use a lot of makeup on the Humber. Wow. And who else did I see on TV?
There was Hank. There was some other. It'll come to me when you get old and people like me. You know, it takes a long time to get your brain on scrambled.
725 votes on the poll. Would you wait in line for several hours to vote? Yes, it's too important not to vote 363. No effing way to 18 already did 132. I vote absentee 12.
The biggest name. The best out of people. The biggest name. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader
The fourth leader. The fourth leader The fourth leader. The third leader. The third leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fourth leader. The fifth leader.
With the girls are few, she kept the money for the earmarks
That she got up through, and Sarah named her children
Trick and Track and Diggity do, where the baths are filling up with crank
It was still a boy from Alaska, her two and her scum old
1118 at 560 WQM, so we're getting all the answers on the email
Thank God I came up with that email nonsense, you know what?
Yes, it's true, it's two. Now did George do a lot of emails or not?
No, I don't think he read any emails about week last week
Really? Anyway, Dave from New York City Dave says, we turn the clock's back this Saturday
morning, Saturday night Sunday morning, wish me well, New York City
marathon on Sunday, hey good luck in New York City marathon on Sunday, New York City
Dave, whoever you are. So this coming weekend, I knew it was coming, oh boy, it's
gonna be finster, it's gonna be getting dark so early, you're gonna wish you
were never born, why can't they just have daylight time all year long? And especially
yeah, I mean in Florida doesn't make that much difference, but it's daylight
savings time ends this Sunday, it's the first Sunday in November, what I just
get through Sam, oh yeah, we're correct. How'd you like to finish the show on
your own? No, that's absolutely, I think that would be a treat. Here's flee. Anyway,
they should have daylight time all year long, and especially up north when it, you
know, there's ice and snow and sleet and the roads are covered with mong and it
gets dark real early in the middle of rush hour. Well, that's no good. What kind
of communist crap is that? Oh, speaking of communist, there you go, Mel Martina's,
what would you expect from your right wing of a state of Florida Senator? What a
jerk. Communist, communist, I knew wouldn't take long before him and his ilk would
bring that crap. Communist there, first it was socialist, now we've moved to
communist. All depending on how desperate they are, the desperation meter just
keeps getting a higher and higher and election days a week from Maniana. Now, here's
the clarification on this. See, I was confused on that. I thought you had a vote in
your precinct, which on election day you do, but for early voting, you can vote at
any early voting location in your county. So thanks to the 80 people who
you have sent me that. Did you know that? No, I didn't. On election day, if you
vote on election day, you have to vote at your precinct, but on early voting, you
vote anywhere in your county. So I could have voted anywhere in no, in that's it,
but I'm still not standing in line. In fact, Rodney says, I can't understand why
you criticize people for waiting in long lines to vote. I waited almost three
hours last week to cast my vote for Obama. The election isn't in the bag if people
decide they can't wait in long lines and so be it. But to be little, those of us
who haven't taken national polls granted is pretty astonishing, especially
coming from somebody like yourself who feels we should vote early and often. Yeah,
I feel you should vote early and often. I said, I'm not going to wait in line for
hours and hours. I know, first of all, I have, I mean, it's just me. I have no
patience. I don't like standing in line for like two minutes at the check out of
the supermarket. I don't like lines. Okay. Unlike your president, your president
likes lines. 740 votes on a pool of 740 is there some station on the dial 740? I
think there is another one of those 50 watch jobs. Michael says, I vote by
absentee. It's the only way to do it. That way there's a paper trail, a paper
trail. Good for you, Mike. Thank God we're going to get this over week from
New York. Everybody go out and vote for Obama two, three times. Staying in line
over and over again. Here's the dead people. James E. Riley, 60, who created the
campy soap opera passions and twice served as head writer on the days of our
lives, died October 12th. The news takes a long time to get around at a New York
City Hospital from complications following cardiac surgery. Born in 1948 in
Bountiful Utah. Riley once said he learned the art of storytelling while visiting
his grandfather's TV free home in Ireland every evening grandpa would end a two-hour
story with a cliffhanger. Riley wrote for General Hospital and the young and the
restless and was named head writer guiding light in 1990 with his guiding light
writing staff. He won a daytime Emmy in 1993. He moved to NBC's days of our
lives in 1992. Came up with non-traditional storylines that included satanic
possession of the show's main heroine. He left the show in 1997 to create
passions and you had to be doing heroin to watch that show. It was fun. So the show
was dead and so was he. Don't you think there's something symbolic about that?
Indeed. The show goes off the ear and the guy who created it died. After
passions debuted in NBC 99 the soap opera became known for outrageous and
paranormal plot twists including a magic doll that comes to life. Timmy, teenagers
flocked to when the show remained on the air until last August. From 2003 to
sixth Riley was head writer for days of our lives and passions. At the time he
calculated he was responsible for filling 500 hours of TV a year. Wow. The
passions guys dead and so is the show and so is Timmy. Adults film director
dies in Southwest Florida. He directed one of the highest grossing most gross
most talked about films and movie history deep throat. Then Gerard Damiano lived
out his final years and four Myers quietly enjoying theater attending art
openings appearing at charitable events and reveling especially in the
accomplishments of his two children. Damiano died Saturday of
complications following a stroke. He was 80. Damiano's 72 blockbuster deep
throat was the first mass market audience and not movie polarizing and
controversial deep throat was banned in 23 states. It embraced by a nation in
the throws of sexual revolution. In 1973 reviewer Roger Ebert wrote it became
pornographic chic in New York. This is the first act film to see with a date.
The film grows 600 million dollars more than any adult film before was
censored according to the 2005 documentary Inside Deep Throat which chronicles
the effect Damiano's film had on US culture. Inside deep throat made a
plane that industry known for toxic exploitation. Damiano was a different
sort of director. I was just a nice guy which is why I think I did pretty well. He
told the New York press in 2005. I mean I'd meet an actress and say sit down.
You take your clothes off. I'm going to ask you to do some nasty things. You'd have
to be pretty nice. As many warming during friendships with others in the
industry attested that when he turned 80 in August, adults start from around
the country for the win for the surprise celebration. One of those was
Georgina Spelvin started the devil in Miss Jones who wrote afterwards in her
online blog. His former wife and still good friend Bob Boa, their daughter
Christar and their son G. Rock. Through the best birthday bash have seen since
my Italian mother was 90. When the lights came up, we all yelled surprise. I
feared my favorite director was going to both. He later said I haven't been that
surprise since I was arrested. He just couldn't believe his loving former
performers and pals and travel from New York and California just to
Nuzelunhulgan kiss him to pieces. California. Where did I see the governor of
the other day? Was it a ballgame somewhere? The Terminator? I haven't seen him.
Now he was waddling in the someplace. I figured we're not what he can. He
came and pronounced the state he's governor of California. Like I told you,
when he got elected governor of California, that was the beginning of the end of
the human race. That was the best. That was when Charlie
Wilson was wearing his 560 QAM. The fourth lead. Howard from Boa. This is an ABC
news special report. Good evening and welcome to the third and last presidential
debate. We welcome Aronco Vama and John McGee. Gentlemen, welcome. Let's get to it.
Senator McCain, why is your plan better than his? Well, I am convinced we need to do a lot of things.
But I want to give every American gold plated, Cadillac,
chisemitic surgery and transplants and all of those kinds of things. That I think
is a mistake and you know, we've got to do drugs. All right. I want to ask both of you about the people that you're going to bring into the government.
Senator Obama. On economic policy, I associate with Warren Buffett and former Fed Chairman,
Paul Vogel. Senator McCain. My old buddy, Joe, Joe the plumber's out there. And Joe, Joe the plumber. All right. Let's go to another topic.
Joe the plumber. Senator McCain's losing his bearings. Senator Obama. Completely through.
A ranting out of touch. Angry. Yes. That to me was so hurtful. Very unfair. Totally inappropriate. I'm pressing United States.
All right. Let's go to a new topic. Why would the country be better off if your running mate became president rather than his running mate?
Senator McCain. Americans have gotten to know Sarah Paling. She understands. Alaska is right next to Russia. She understands that.
That's a no brainer. She understands that better. Almost any American than I. Senator Obama. Do you think she's qualified to be president?
Obviously she's a scurry. I make no apology for that. Thank you very much. This concludes the final debate.
If you would have just said that, that would have been great, but he didn't. 1132 at 560 WQM. We got flee today. No, George. George is pretending to be sick and we got no fat Chris.
Because Chris is no longer with the show. Why are you laughing? It's kind of funny. Well, I mean, he wasn't there Friday.
Was he here on Friday? No. Was he here today? No. Any explanation? No. Sounds to me like he's a while. I got an email. The lot of
complaints. I think answers it. Well, I got a lot of complaints. Lots of complaints about lots of different things.
Oh, here's one from Crystal. George's wife. Neil, why did you let my stupid husband stay home from work today? I had an appointment to screw the yard boy at noon today.
Now what am I supposed to do? George has been running around the house all day today, cursing you. Crystal. No doubt.
Chris, fat Chris says I'm writing you because I'm very confused. Things went bad on Thursday when I was leaving work.
George, Joe, by last if I give him a ride, he said his car was broken down. So I thought I would help him out.
Next thing I realized I woke up at Joe's face down and naked in his bedroom. Joe was in the kitchen singing and making breakfast.
If you look at Friday schedule, Joe was also not in because it was with me. I think that Joe was open a new door in my life and not just the back one.
I'm ready to tell you I'm very sorry, but things have changed. I'm with Joe now. Don't want any hard feelings between us.
I'm sorry about this morning also as I woke to Joe's spooning me things quickly got out of control again and one thing led to another.
Joe said I shouldn't worry because there's always an open position for me at the station and it is house. No hard feelings. Chris, hard and capital letters.
I'm sure that. How do you like that? Does that explain it to you? Joe Bell was actually out on Friday. See, there you go. Hey Joe, you fairy.
Now these things are starting to fit together so to speak. All right, welcome. All right, welcome. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right.
Yeah, all they just happen to be next to each other. No worked out well. It's fit.
762 on a survey our goal is 900. That's not set our sights too high today. I mean, how can we do really big without the George and Chris? It's tough.
Oh, it is a whiner West Palm boring, boring email.
Boring whiner. Oh, and then there was a thing about Obama's visit last. Yeah, I did read this because I read the six pages of the Sun Sentinel.
Am I the only person who who realizes that. That that newspaper is gone from about however many pages you used to have to about a 50th of it.
There's about 10 pages in the paper. It's just thin. It's paper thin. It's as thin as they slice the nova at an outstanding deli. What a piece of crap newspaper.
You people the Sun sent all to be embarrassed. You put that turd thing out and you call that a newspaper. God.
I'm serious. I picked that thing up and I'm thinking to myself. Did part of the paper fall out or something on a driveway? Where the hell's the rest of it? Where's the rest of it?
I've heard that line before. That was down 41, by the way. So anyway, this article about Obama's visit.
I guess because West Clark has good luck at the deli then all the other candidates, all the other contenders have to stop at the deli then. They have an obligatory stuff.
They probably would have gone to the rascal house, but it's closed. Then it was down the road again to the deli then for another unannounced stop known and campaigned parlance as OTR or off the record.
Obama ordered and paid for two plastic bags of food from the deli counter. I have pound of whitefish salad, some nova locks, bagels and cream cheese, lockies and three black and white cookies and wanted around the restaurant tables.
Well, it's a good thing they didn't take him to that seminal and coconut creek to that buffet. Oh my God, what a dreck.
As he worked the unruly rope line that formed outside, security again jostled with the pulsing crowd. One man has facing credulous yelled into a phone. Yes, I'm only five feet away from him.
Probably with an XM like that. He went, oh, the deli then that puts all the candidates over the top.
Let's pan into the juice now. Let's eat a lot of deli. Let's get some of them little potato lockies from corkeys. Now is the last corkeys closed that do believe? I believe so. Oh no.
That's the end. The death knelt for date County was when corkeys in North Miami Beach closed its doors many years ago. That was the end of the day officially.
And now the end of the end of South Florida, all the corkeys are gone.
A lot of complaints about the streaming thing. Here's one that says Neil for the love of God, tell those effing idiots who run the station to please stop with the incestent big o-spots on the internet. They are freaking ponderous.
If I hear that sports hole, a bag of talk about Pac-Man Jones again, I'm going to lose it. Sports hole, a bag of Pac-Man Jones. Well, I don't know what spot that is. I'm glad I don't. Do you know what it is? I have no idea. Good. You live a lot longer that way. Rock solid. Of course, they don't care about the internet streaming. I mean, if they don't care what's on the air, why would they care about what's on the internet? Right? True. Here's another dead guy. Author Tony Hellerman dies at 83. Never heard of him. Did you?
Nope. Tony Hellerman author of the acclaimed Navajo travel police mystery novels and creator of two of the unlikeliest of literary heroes. Navajo police officers Joe Lee porn and Jim Chi died yesterday. A pulmonary failure. He was 83. That's old enough.
Hellerman's daughter and Hillary and said her father's health have been declining the last couple years. He was a Presbyterian hospital in Albuquerque when he died about three o'clock yesterday afternoon. Maybe it was in the middle of that dolphin bills game.
We won a game again. We beat the bills. Oh, yeah. We're smelling super bowl. Maybe three and four. I think five and two beats three and four every time. Don't that pretty much.
Bob and Carl spring says voted in Carl spring. It's about 45 minutes. Well, good for you, Bob. Well, now that I know you can vote any a precinct you want. They weren't in those 17 locations. I'm coming back down there tomorrow and vote again. No, I'm not not.
Oh, Neil, how could you do this? You're setting such a bad example. And then of course there was that long you.
You think Obama's lost trace to Neil Rogers single non voter tip election to McCain pal and ticket. It's sterical. And you should have seen the video.
Too bad. I already deleted it. Otherwise we could stick it out our website. Our website needs a lot of work by the way. Don't you agree?
Yeah, I would agree with that. Well, where's what's his name? Richard Romer with all his advice, all his instructions and advice. All these people are going to help us improve our website. Where's the beef? Where's the meat? Okay. Anybody can criticize, but where's the meat? Where's something substantive? Where's the Nova?
Let's see, Adam. Chronic Adam says, I'm glad you're back. We love George, but he mumbles too much. We crushed you guys in the book. Too bad, footy and sunny. Let me know if you ever need me to do.
We missed you here. Nick really wanted you for nine forty or regards at him. Oh, Adam Kirschner. That's not from the real Adam. Is it?
Promotions director W I O D Miramar. No, because Adam Kirschner, I believe it works for one of the newspapers now.
This is the sun sent. It used to be a newspaper now. It's just a. It's a. It's a liar. Yeah, that's right. It's like it's like those handouts.
Now, we got somebody over there at I O D just obsessed with this show. Probably fat boy. He's got certainly not selling any.
We crushed you guys in a book. Well, who the hell didn't? Who the hell didn't?
Here's a question from somebody out there. Once though is George out every Monday. Yeah, again. That's another interesting thing when fat boys out. George is out too. I wonder what that means.
The biggest name. The best talent. This is your project. Fort like you'll find sixty Q. A.M.
The fourth leader. Grab my junior, honey.
We got you.
We got you. We got trainings. Girl girls and closet Paris. They wear high and short skirts.
So you can take a peek at their panties. And summer dress up like a portal movie star.
I love this.
We got straight guys. We got that guy. We got less me in my mind. We got hookers. We got some cleaners. We got five couple swingers.
And the implant girls talk about their surgical scars.
I love this.
I love this.
We got young sluts. We got old sluts. And we got baths and no muds. We got vagrants. We got virgins. And we got aliens and amphibians.
What most guys come right here where the trend is on.
I love this. I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
Madonna.
She's got her eyes on her body.
She's got her eyes on her body.
She's got her eyes on her body.
She's got her eyes on her body.
For the rector, I'll be Guy Reggie.
It was women in follow-well.
Madonna.
Madonna.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
Hello. This is And.
This is Not a Tuma.
He can help himself.
He can help himself.
He can help himself.
He can help himself.
He can help himself.
He can help himself.
He can help himself.
He can help himself.
He can help himself.
He can help himself.
He can help himself.
Hello.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
I'm telling you I'm moving because it's not the upper crust neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
I think it's the lower income neighborhood.
Can you hear me?
I hear you.
I'm your lawyer, my lawyer, my lawyer, my lawyer, my lawyer.
I drive truck and highway, my lawyer.
I drive truck and highway, my lawyer.
I drive truck and highway, my lawyer.
I drive truck and highway, my lawyer.
I drive truck and highway, my lawyer.
I see some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some
some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some
I want to properly
I want to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to be equally equally equally equally equally equally equally equally equally equally equally equally equally equally equally equally equally equally equally equally equally equally equally можно for everything
four or five times for Obama, but I'm not, I'm sorry.
I'm not sorry.
I'm just telling you, that's me.
I will not stand in line for three and a half, four hours.
Maybe if I was 25 years old, instead of 65,
and I had that much of my life left to waste,
I would, you know, oh, you can't see that, Neil.
It's not a waste of time.
Okay, whatever you say.
You think my one vote is gonna be the difference?
Flea?
Great B.
Yeah, like that, like that.
You, uh,
cute.
Video that the guy put together.
Oh, I mean, long, ponderous.
Neil Rogers, uh, Obama's lost trace to Neil Rogers,
and Neil spelled with two Ls, by the way, single non voter,
tipped election to McCain, pale and ticket.
And of course, it would be me, not anybody else.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey, I got something else speaking.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay, good.
I was watching, uh, I think you can see an end on Friday.
Did you see that thing about McCain with his, with, uh,
Joe, his, that claim that they're related to him yet.
He denies it.
Yes.
Yeah, you know what I find so funny?
He's not just a man that is representing the, uh, family values
and good Christian morality,
um, that he denied the fact that he as well,
it says only solely because of that, but only because they're black.
Of course, different bloodlines that I'm getting.
Right.
Brother is at the family reunion with that.
Have you noticed that?
Oh, not the brother who said F you to the, uh,
when he called 911 about the heavy traffic through playing.
Right, not him, but there was another one.
He's sitting there.
So how come this guy's brother acknowledges the fact that, you know,
he does have a cause that are black, but it's like the biggest sin.
And you know, like we said, Christian right morality.
I think Jesus, if he would say, oh, I don't want to be related.
I think this last week they're going to become so desperate.
They're that pale in a mechanic,
both going to bring out the end word.
I wouldn't be surprised.
He's a socialist.
He's a communist.
He's a, uh, and, you know, I think they're getting that desperate.
We had on our website that story about his brother.
I think it's Joe, not, not Joe the plumber, Joe the insane McCain.
The other one.
And it was involved in heavy traffic.
I forget where the hell it was.
And he called 911 to complain.
And they said, this is an emergency liner.
You're having an emergency?
No, well, F you, F you and then you apologize for it.
He's kind of like a Billy Carter with that family, you know,
remember Billy Carter used to drink came out with that Billy beer.
I still have some at home.
Do you?
Oh, yeah, Billy, a little bit, let's be getting a little bit raw.
She now.
Yeah, it's pretty old.
903 on the survey.
Would you wait in line for several hours to vote?
Let me say it again and say disgrace, a national disgrace.
And it's not just in South Florida, by the way.
I saw the same thing in Georgia.
They were shown on CNN because they're in Atlanta.
And all over the country, people with these long line, of course,
the good sign is there's going to be humongous voter turnout, which is very rare.
But people are pissed off and fired up.
They've had eight years of fascism.
They don't like it.
They haven't got any money.
They don't know if they're going to have a job where they're going to get their mortgage payment from.
If their house is going to be foreclosed, they haven't got any clue what's going on.
And you notice as we get closer to election time, how gas prices just,
it's just a coincidence that they've come way down.
Have you noticed that?
Oh, yeah, drop of those three bucks.
Two 79, a gallon.
Wow.
What a bargain.
Just as we get closer to election time, Bush and his Saudi buddies.
That's where that's where Obama ought to do the first bombing, man, Saudi Arabia.
Bomb knows ragheads back into the stony, even further than they already are.
903 on your poll, we need to get to nine something.
I think we ought to be pretty damn proud of this.
Yeah, you proud?
Yeah, I think we get nine 50.
Now don't go about on a limb.
I think you're pushing for Chris's job because obviously you're involved in the poll so much now, yeah?
Yeah.
12 minutes after one or QAM.
We would talk to you about those.
Oh, and Barry Jackass had that article.
I think I'm going to eventually George didn't read it on here because George doesn't read anything.
No, he did not.
The Barry Jackass column about the ratings.
Nope.
Joe Rose and Uncle Neil did just fine.
We beat across the street.
And the rest of the day, we didn't do so good.
It'll like that.
And what about the big, how did he do?
Chris, he was non two to four that all of that two to four that jerk show.
If they could have left the jerks on one more book, man, we could ode points.
The jerk, myster.
Week after week, more and more people are taking advantage of Neil's hand prize deals on WQM.com.
And this week is no exception starting Thursday, even by $50 certificates for just 25 bucks.
The brand new doctors, bar and grill a quarter mile west of 441 on Miramar Parkway.
Dockers is quickly becoming an East favorite.
They're not exactly the core is warm and inviting.
The food is hot and tasty and the drinks are ice cool.
Just wait till you try their your way.
Crispy shrimp, jam, balaya, teriyaki glaze salmon and amazing chicken dishes.
As rendered payment, doctor's features karaoke on Wednesdays.
Texas Holden termings on Thursdays live music on Fridays and a great DJ playing the oldies on Saturday nights.
Plus, doctors has got drinking food specials for every game and happy our weekdays from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.
the longest happy hour in town.
Call doctors 9 5 4 8 9 4 doc D O C K go to WQM.com to buy $50 certificates and have price just 25 bucks starting Thursday at noon.
If he wants me to sing God bless America and paste these in the G spring up here, I'll do it.
Like the
I can see on remember a day quain came into town.
Joravia
Lyonna's gold fair
The marvelous world around us
We thought he was the greatest
Until we all got through
Now I'm on the scale, on the scale
Who stops the wave
A copy's man from Jersey
Seekin' fortune in the sun
He started renting movies
Section for all he had done
And waited for him to take you
He's gonna pay him the price
Now I'm on the scale, on the scale
Who stops the wave
I heard the rye to say it
How wasteful I've been more
