The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and
maybe ludicrous but I'd rather hear that cramped in Kirk Church Street I'll tell you that
The biggest thing is music
The best talent
You're running the sports radio
4.560 WQAM
I mean how's Joe Sixpack doing huh?
Joe Sixpack's going on and having a blue with the Stera
Tonight's the night baby
Oh yeah
I can't wait
Let's move the clock to the throat
560 WQAM presents the Neil Rogers
I bet Joe McKean is talking to me while bloody dials are on
No, why all they indeed?
Oh oh in other counties?
Cold cold free
87775 Neil
Or pound 560 on your 860
It's passed the day by by the wireless market as the opinion is expressed
All by Neil his guests or his colleagues
Do not represent those of WQAM management
No!
4.560
Now the Neil Rogers show
I'm 560 WQAM
I'm sorry
Sorry
In a place that smells just like the bad day at the zoo
It's back dressed and dragged that drink that we need to do
Yeah, it's gonna bring the circle band later to a day
It seems all you gotta do is just ask the enemy
Why does this ask what sound it's a Taliban?
H girls, but don't wear pants that's a Taliban
And Taliban, we'll take you back cause it's belly butt crack
Bill Whitt's out
Welcome
I found this blue for the world
But you got me and I'm the first
Highlight, it shows
He's here
Jazz reports coming out tomorrow that experts predict will show our nit.
straight month of job loss. Nine straight months of job loss.
He had just two weeks ago John McCain said the fundamentals of the economy were strong.
I don't know what yard sticks in the McCain uses, but where I come from there's
nothing more fundamental than a job.
Here you go, you're telling Barack. Well anyway, it's 10.0.2.5.60 WTQAM. Happy
Thursday to you, October 3rd. Thank you.
Oh, brother. It's going to be quite a day today. It's going to be a long Thursday. I can smell it.
Why?
I don't know. Well, started out kind of screwed up. We had a fused blow down there in the
QM studio. The fused blow confused. And so I could hear George this morning,
but he couldn't hear me. I was feeding him my TV stuff, but you couldn't hear it.
Nope. That's just maddening. And of course George pulling the old same old stuff.
Oh, check your this and re-brew your boot, others and re-know that if we call an
engineer without doing everything that we can do on our end. Well, it was all fine on
this end. Okay, there's nothing wrong with my end. It's not what I heard. Well, trust me,
my end is just fine for an old goat. So we found out who died. Somebody just emailed me that.
By the way, the emails are dead as a door nail this morning. I don't know what's going on.
Don't tell me this is going to be the day the email died. And for that right wing
goofball that sent me this stuff. See, I made a mistake and I replied to this idiot.
And then he sends me another one this morning using my real last name.
You know, like, well, congratulations. You know, my name right off the bat. I should have deleted it.
Who's this on that? Yeah. Big deal. Good thing they don't know my real name.
Mr. Big Shot. You, you know, you stick with your right wing fascism and continue
while you're deluding yourself into believing that you're a great, oh, and he's
assigned it with the name and a proud South Floridian. Well, if you're proud to be
in South Florida, well, that says it all. That tells me what I need to know.
You know what the translation of that is? What? That's like Sarah and her Joe
six pack. Same thing. She is dumber than sawdust, man. You notice that, huh?
Dumber than sawdust. I'll let me take her. Katie Kirk is throwing her marshmallows
and she can't even catch him much less roast him. God.
Closener, like what, when you get your news, what magazines do you? I love them.
I love my bed. She can't give a direct answer to anything.
What Supreme Court decision other than Roe v. Wade, did you disagree with?
Well, so many like Roe v. Wade.
This was John McCain's first serious decision, like any other candidate, you know,
selecting the running mate. And he picked this trailer trash dumbass bitch.
That should tell you about his judgment.
Carmage a nasty hostile mean tempered old man. That's him.
Tonight's the big night. Tonight's the debate.
Palin Biden. Joe Biden ought to chew her up and spit her out like chewing tobacco.
Why the guys chew tobacco? Can you answer me that question? What's that all about?
I don't know. You put a pinch between your gum and she, he could pinch.
She had pinched this for effect. For effect? Yeah. That effect for like a turn off effect.
I mean, can you imagine? Can you imagine? You know the breath of like smokers breath.
I don't have to imagine. Can you imagine the breath of guys at Chattabaca?
I've known many. You have? Sure.
In Montana, everybody has a pig. Oh, in Montana, well, that's a better carol.
And in North Carolina, it's different to the back of that.
That's Joe Apeck in Montana. That's the baseball player, big old Watt-a-chaw in North Carolina.
Well, we got some bad news to get you started. Mr. Clean is dead.
Oh, no, who? House Peters, Jr. dead in 92.
I mean, up until this time, I never heard his name until he croaked.
House Peters, Jr. TV actor became the original Mr. Clean, Mr. Clean in Procter and Gamble's commercials.
For household cleaners died Wednesday. The yesterday was 92. That's plenty old enough.
92. He died of pneumonia. At the motion picture and television font hospital in L.A. said his son, John Peters.
The elder Peters most memorable role came as Mr. Clean, a muscular man with a bald head, a hoop earring, and a no-nonsense.
I thought Mr. Clean was like a cartoon character.
Eventually.
And a no-nonsense attitude toward Dirt and Grime. From the late 1950s, in the early 60s, Peter's Jr. helped advertise the famous household cleaning with the trademark jingle.
Mr. Clean, Mr. Clean.
Peter's Jr. played many supporting roles through his career, including working with Roy Rogers and Jean-Opry on their TV shows.
He also appeared in Perry Mason, Gunn Schmoke, the Twilight Zone, and Lassie.
Lassie, here girl.
Lassie must have been really confused because they kept calling Lassie a girl, and I think that the dogs that played Lassie were all guys.
Right? Then I read that somewhere? Yes, he did.
I wonder, Lassie, new John's... Joe, John's expect.
He always played the heavy, John Peters said, referring to his father's customary roles as a villain or brawny character.
Brawny.
I don't think they have Mr. Clean, but it's nothing to have a role of brawny, you handy.
I wonder if Rosie's dead, yes she's dead.
The quicker picker-upper?
Was that bounty?
Yes, yes.
Oh, what are you at with time and for? She was, that's a long time ago.
Even though he wasn't happy about being cast in those roles, he really worked hard at it, said John.
His father's acting career span, 1935 to 60, 70, also wrote an autobiography.
Another side of Hollywood, which he describes growing up the son of an actress and silent film actor in Beverly Hills.
His father, Robert House Peter Sr., has a star in the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Never heard of him, did you?
No.
Robert House Peter Sr., but in my house, not to be confused with Joe Mars Jr., and the Ray Fisher Jr.,
Peter's Jr. was never a leading man to play it in Wally, Maccammory Jr.,
never a leading man to play many character parts in Cuba and movies won't want to golden boot award in 2000 for his lifetime kind of vision of the Western genre.
He was born in Newark, New York, and a survivor of his wife, a daughter, another son and four grandchildren.
He's dead, 92, it's pleniroled off.
Mr. Clean, Mr. Clean, Mr. You know, isn't it amazing how television?
I mean, music is in your brain.
You know, the music you grew up with and the music of life.
But television is so much more because it's not just audio, it's just visual.
Correct.
But so much of the audio from TV, the Jingles, Mr. Clean, Mr. Clean, like that.
Call for Philip Morris.
That's before you were born when they used to advertise faggots on TV.
I've seen those old newsreels.
Call for Philip Morris.
Hey, Johnny, his name was Johnny, I think.
You know, he had this really bizarre outfit on.
He looked kind of gay, he asked me.
Here's an email.
We're not getting, well, I haven't checked it here since we came on, but it's looking pretty grim.
If we don't get a million of them today, I'm not going to be in here tomorrow.
In fact, I'm not going to be here tomorrow anyway.
George is going to be here with Fleetamoural.
No fat Chris and no fat in the room.
Nope.
It's a no fat Friday tomorrow.
And I know Zack's starting with that singing craft again with that rap garbage.
Like a god of god, a move up and up and down.
That was the beginning of the end for our morning show and he won't stop now.
Well, it's ludicrous in the house.
I don't give a crap.
That's ludicrous if he acts me.
Ludicrous is in the house.
So am I supposed to get excited about that?
Of course.
Fish is.
Yeah, shizzle my whistle.
Your whistle?
Yeah.
A whistle.
How he says, I was taking my usual morning walk wearing my Obama OAT shirt.
An old gentleman was walking toward me, stopped and asked why Obama.
I told him that I wanted to present it with a vision for the future, not one who would repeat mistakes of the past.
I wanted a president who was common cool under pressure, not a hot-headed ill tempered blowhard.
I told him that I wanted a president to put the people first, not one who was in bed with lobbyists.
I wanted a president who thought enough of this country that he chose the second and commanded would actually take over for him.
An honest beat.
I told him I wanted a president who would get us out of a rack sooner than later or not at all.
I told him that I wanted a president who was self-confident.
And I won with the illusions of grandeur and bloated self-importance.
I told him I wanted Barack Obama to be present.
I told him that I had a nice day and continued to my walk.
I hope he got his answer.
Well, nice work there, Holly. Good going.
You go, girl. Maybe the guy was Joe Sixpack.
He talks like an absolute moron.
And anybody out there, male, female, neuter who defends this bimbo, this silly-ass bitch, who is buying this act, has got to be done.
And I was saying with Chris, we were discussing this while you were out doing a choice.
The reason so many people gravitated to a George W. Bush was because he was dumber than they were.
At least they felt that way.
Yield.
And the same thing with her. She is the dumb factor.
That's what's attractive.
She's not bright. She's not smart. She's not intellectual. She doesn't read. She's not curious.
She's got no clue where anything in the world is.
She's, you know, up until the year ago, she never even had a freaking passport.
Hey, she knows where Russia is.
Oh, yeah, she can see it right off her window.
And Poon Tang was flying over one day and he opened the window of the plane and yelled out, hey, Sarah, I want to come and force you.
Thanks, but no thanks. Here we are. It is ugly.
When she says that.
Thanks, but no thanks.
It just, it makes me want to just crawl under the bed and never come out.
How anybody can take this bitch seriously just as way beyond me.
But nevertheless, TV is peddling her to in the beginning, boy. They were peddling her.
I'd rather have Tina Favourite. At least she's got a sense of humor.
What magazines, what newspapers, where do you think you're from?
Oh, you know, whatever they can't run on me.
Oh, I'm, yeah, I'm.
Whatever the question is, oh, I'm never a specific answer on anything.
I think that she's been schooled to do that.
I just give glittering generalities. Well, what day of the week it is that well, one of the good ones, you know, what time is your speed?
Oh, I don't know what Joe six pack puts his feet up on the thing.
Wow.
Providing the funding our automakers need to retool their factories, make fuel efficient and alternative fuel,
alternative fuel cars and trucks.
We've made some progress.
We've got some guarantee, long guarantees passed out of Congress, but we're going to need the next administration.
The portion is through fast to be firm, to be serious, to not wait six years before he meets with the auto leaders in this state.
We need somebody who's engaged and focused on making sure that the company has engaged.
I thought he was married.
1013 at 560 WQAM.
No portion of this program, within detail.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I am mohar with the day of the profit and the mansion, all over my old face on blue and red,
is for full face.
I don't know why they hate me, or why they always hate me.
It must be because I can't be full with red, is for full face.
A main part, on my arm, like a random alley map, a locker wand.
I got beans on my nose, and nobody knows that under my clothes I wear fancy hoes.
But that don't mean that I'm gay.
If you think my arms have aired, you ought to see my legs.
I might as well keep on smoothing, shaved, to show a little clasped the next time I'm raping it.
I can go through a surgeon, but that gives me to shivers.
I would not want to walk on looking like Joan Rivers.
Where am I?
I buy a little beast, the fat little freak.
I get him a favor now again upon the heat.
The reason I dismiss that stinkin' fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up, and he can't play conestin'.
Hey, somebody talkin' over there, nobody talkin' over there.
I rap, then you talk.
Look at me, I'm hit, I ain't no square.
I'm a ding-dong daddy, man.
I'm really dead.
I buy a ready what I want, I don't care.
First of all, if they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair,
I get fired myself and even happens to the grapes.
Westwood once said you'll get out of here whilst we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets.
With my paladin cocktail, placing bets on the gents.
In paradise, paradise, I don't kiss companies' ass in paradise.
Do do do do do do do.
I'll be shoving out the screwkins when I get the chance, but the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants.
How long does it take?
I've been calling for place, it was just a little thought.
So what I left this day, and you think that's funny when I knock the sandwich buddy?
I can do what I want, but the management loves me.
Can I tell you something, Mo? Something you oughta know.
But a long, he's time, I wanted you to be my home.
You wipe my tight pal, now I ask for it, help me.
Who, who, who, who do you do?
I won't take no for an answer.
Put it out, put it out.
Not you.
Put it out of there.
I'm a bitch.
Put it out of there.
Put it out of there.
Put it out of there.
Put it out of there.
Put it out of there.
Put it out of there.
Put it out of there.
Put it out of there.
10, 19 and 5, 60 WQAM.
Happy Thursday to you.
Who the Akeens playing this week, Chris?
That would be FSU.
Well that's right, CFSU game.
Excuse me, I had a brain fart there.
That's gonna be another loss for the Akeens.
What are you talking about?
If they could lose to a girl school last week
without their quarterback, they could lose to anybody.
You'll see.
And the fish were the fish plan.
San Diego.
Oh, that's right, the charges.
Oh, that's gonna be ugly.
Woo!
Okay, I changed the poll.
Is that okay, FATSO?
No, I want you to go back to it.
Too late.
We had a thousand and twelve votes on the previous poll.
And George and Chris, they pulled off a last minute
when Chris had nothing to do with it.
Like I said, George pulled it out like a rampant out of his ass.
What was the best acting performance by a singer?
I like food when the poll 160 was a very late addition, right?
Sure, I send it to the show.
It moved.
I like food, beat them all.
And you know what, I never got a chance to vote for it not even once.
Well, you didn't have to.
It won hands down your pantaloons.
Frank Sinatra from here to return to the Inmanctuary in Canada,
which is just totally inane that Sean put on two of them
for the price of one hundred thirty nine for Sinatra.
And that's because there's two movies listed.
Stupid Mark Wahlberg, Boogie Knight's 97,
share for Moonstruck 68.
I like the sequel, better cockamoon struck.
Bet Midler, the row is 54, Dwight Yokem,
Slingblade 43, ice cube, boys in the hood 38,
Ludacris, who's in the house.
Yo, yo, crash 36.
You know, that whole business like in football.
He takes it to the house.
That is, if there's anything that makes my skin crawl,
that kind of crap is where it's at.
Takes it to the house.
Oh my God.
What kind of swill is that?
I bet you're, I bet you're, Chris likes that.
Huh?
Takes it to the house.
That's like, you know, Manny goes yard.
Yeah.
Manny goes yard.
Sammy goes yard.
And Ricky goes nuts because Ricky's got the urge.
He's trying to resist the urge to light up that's right.
Smoke a big fat one.
Take the herald and roll up that baby and just light it up.
Like a Hanukkah bush.
And they're done that.
I'm sure recently, just this morning.
M&M 8 mile 32.
Let me say it again.
Stay out of Detroit.
If you've got a half a brain, stay far away from Detroit.
That's about the only negative thing
beside the damn wintertime here.
It's being too close to Detroit.
And it's about 300 miles away, I guess.
I don't know.
Not far enough.
Don't go anywhere near Detroit.
Don't even go to Windsor.
Don't go to London, Ontario.
And definitely do not go to Ishtba Ming, Michigan or if it's the landing.
Neil Diamond, the jazz singer, 29.
Jérrely Doe, Requiem for a Dream, 24.
Hey, Jérid, how's he doing?
Haven't seen him enough, no lately.
I haven't seen him in a long time.
Maybe he's busy with his music.
Maybe.
What's the name of the band?
30 seconds to Mars.
Oh, yeah.
Tina Turner, beyond Thunderdome, 24.
Queen Latifist, Chicago, 24.
Why does a lot of them on here?
We were just getting in and dated with CREP.
It was like the pole building on the phone.
I'd go one for the pole.
And then that was it.
That's all we had all day yesterday.
Burr lives, cat on a hot tin roof, 23.
Alamartino, the godfather.
Alamartino, Johnny Fontaine.
You cannot talk to a man.
What do I want to go?
19.
Harry Connick, Jr.
Copycat 18.
Courtney Love, the people versus Larry Flynn 17.
I can't believe you haven't seen that.
Sorry.
You've got to see it.
OK.
Because one thing about America, this isn't brand new.
This fascism under Bush.
They just carried it.
You know, they just extended it further than ever has been before.
But the idea that anybody can be outspoken and really Larry Flynn,
they took care of him pretty much.
He's not sounding too good.
Eliza Manelli for Arthur 17.
Hey, Eliza.
Have another belt, Eliza.
She's just, I don't know.
Just like mommy, another fag-hag.
Maybe it runs in the family.
Jennifer Hudson, Dreamgirl 16.
Barbara Streisand, What's Up Doc 16.
David Bowie, the Man of Felt Earth 14.
Diana Ross, Mahogany 14.
Madonna, Dick Tracy 12.
Elvis Presley, Charro 12.
The idea that anybody would vote for Elvis
for the best acting performance by anything alive is just so.
Ben Crosby, the Belzer St. Mary's 10.
Kenny Rogers, the gambler 10.
I told you, Kenny Rogers was sitting across from me
at my table at Pompeno Park one night.
Very quietly, I forget who he was with.
He was not with the Dolly Parton.
Was he with his brother?
He looks just like him?
I don't know.
But he was now gambling a little bit
and also a Jim Leland was there one night.
They were Jim Leland, Chris, former manager of your Florida Marlon.
Yep, Chainsmoker.
And a big gambler, big plunger.
Mac Davis, North Dallas 40-10.
Leavon Helm, the right stuff 7.
Chris Christofferson, heavens gate 7.
That middler down, not in Beverly Hills 6.
Dean Martin, the young lion 6.
Fury, read the survivors 4.
Art Garfunkel, Colonel, Colonel Nullage 3.
Sting in the bride 3.
Wow, 2012 votes.
Got a very important email here now.
From Jolly Jo Bell.
Who changed his name since the first two fake ones
which were sent what from New Mexico?
Well, someone guessed.
Now he's got a new email address,
jolly.jo.bell at gmail.com.
Oh, Mr. Rogers, how are you, Neil?
I'm emailing you this address because this is a matter of needs immediate attention.
We've received a cease and desist order from Mr. Howard David Adid's lawyer.
They are suing clear channel for a slander and defecation of character.
Please stop immediately.
Don't test me, Neil.
I'm a vascular and indenno.
Jolly, Jolly, Jolly, Joe.
Oh, what's this?
A vascular and indenno.
Defecation of character.
Well, sounds.
Don't be to me.
Yeah, it looks like that one here, PC,
had looked like somebody defecated on his head.
I wonder who the doctor was who performed the surgery on his own.
Ah.
When's Jolly on again?
I sure missed that squeak, my stu-not.
When's that little pipsquake going to be on again?
Let me look at the weekend schedule.
I think I've seen him in a while. That's a good point.
Really?
G-L-D. Maybe they couldn't take it.
Well, let me take a puke.
Um, I don't see Sunday night.
No.
I don't see his name anywhere.
Sunday night.
On what?
Oh, that's right.
Q-A-M prime time with G-L-D.
730-10.
On Sunday night.
That's a good time for him.
Does anybody else have you, you know, watching 60 minutes or getting late or doing something constructive?
Having a great dinner?
And we got G-L-D on Sunday.
Fat worse than death.
Got a few emails here in this anxious quizzling.
I thought you said something about the L-Way.
No, I never said nothing about L-Way.
I said that some queen went out there to see him play in Denver.
Some queen who used to be a big hurricane fan.
The biggest name.
The only thing is to L-Way.
One of the squeaks of Josh.
Four-trigger five.
That's what you think.
I think, fourth, leader.
New, good.
Justice.
Across examination, no G Simpson's robbery and kidnap in trial today.
Simpson said he was only trying to recover stolen personal property.
Listen to what he said.
I just want the knife that I killed the cold and long.
Did I hit it out loud?
I'm meant to say.
I just want the small bean butter knife I used to butter my crooked skin.
All of my favorite fruits and blood stains on the liver.
Justice.
10.30 at 5.60 WQ-A-M, whatever it is.
It's October the 2nd.
Did I say October turn?
I'm sure I did.
And, of course, immediately I got to hate email from Brandon.
Not the regular Brandon.
Not that one.
Brandon LaFave, probably another phony name.
Send all the emails with all the phony names you want to be my guest.
Jolly Joe, Rolly, Jolly Joe, all those others.
Keep them coming.
The fake Roger Magglin, remember that yesterday?
Sure do.
So this Brandon LaFave, probably a frog with a phony name.
Hey, Neil.
First of all, it's October 2nd.
You've seen I Lowell Fool.
By the way, I heard you talking about Freddie Mercury yesterday.
So he got the joke about Freddie Mercury, the sick joke, which I'm not going to read on here.
Keep up the mediocre show while the diabetes eats away.
You're already decrepit body.
Have a good one, Neil.
And I wrote back, I love you too, loser.
You're an idiot, Brandon, whoever you are.
But thanks for listening.
Yeah.
The decrepit design.
That's the thing that really cracks me up.
All the negative people.
They are there like clockwork when they wouldn't miss a second.
And just waiting for me to respond.
Or, nearly, I wouldn't read that.
But since we have such a dearth of stuff on here today.
Oh, for the new poll, let me get to the new poll.
It's already 10.32.
We've only got three hours and 20 minutes to kill.
56 votes on the new poll.
Not too shabby.
How about adding, engaging in buggery to the poll?
It isn't still illegal?
In a lot of states, yeah.
And I think Florida is one of them.
Florida is one of buggery.
Sure.
What it ought to be.
What it ought to be.
Well, anyway, the new poll is not including drug or alcohol offenses.
I break the law most often by blanks.
Speeding 27.
Downloading music or video illegally 10.
Not wearing a seatbelt.
I put that on there because when I'm in Florida, I don't wear a seatbelt.
Here, I wear one religiously.
Because the really pristikity about it here.
But when I'm in Florida, I never wear a seatbelt.
I refuse.
Now, why do you think that is?
I don't know.
I don't want to.
Right?
I hate seatbelts.
But here I don't mind.
I'm used to it by now.
I never break any law of 60.
I like the story.
Having sex in public three.
Not picking up dog poop three.
Running red lights one.
Littering one.
Carrying a weapon illegally none.
Smoking and non-smoking areas.
None.
Out of the first 61 vote.
On the brand new poll.
But from Bugsy.
Thanks, Bugsy.
68 votes now.
Speeding 28.
Michael says to add this one.
Tax evasion, but not me personally.
Of course he says.
Tax evasion.
Get that on there.
Pubby.
Whatever happened to tummy boots.
He's still dead?
Yeah.
I'll be damned.
Maybe his body got eaten away ravaged by a diabetes.
And then, anxious quizzling.
Did you see Jikka's blog post about footy?
Yeah, read it on the ear.
Unxious.
Get with it.
Talked about it at length.
Read a whole bunch of the comments off of there too.
Footy got canned at IOD.
Big deal.
Jimmy Crack corn too.
And he sends me an article about John L. Wai.
Why would anybody care about this?
Denver Broncos' Hall of Fame quarterback John L. Wai's engaged to a former Oakland Raiders cheerleader.
The Rocky Mountain News reported that the two-time Super Bowl winner proposed a 41-year-old
page green during a tip to Italy last week.
L. Wai told the newspaper was looking forward to a long life together with green.
The 48-year-old L. Wai was previously married to gendered L. Wai for 18 years.
They got four children.
L. Wai made green during a celebrity golf tournament three years ago.
And rumor has it that they're doing the old in and out, in and out, in and out.
That's the rumor.
It could be wrong.
And Unxious starts out.
I thought you said John L. Wai was and I'm sure he's thinking like that.
But I never said that, nor did I ever imply that.
I said that the guy from UM, not from UM, but the big UM groupie,
gave me that line.
But oh, I want to go.
I'm going to Denver. I want to see this L-way kid.
Now, what kind of a person says that no matter how much of a jockstown for you might be?
No, head of a sexual male flies from Miami to Denver to see some kid play a college football.
That's back when he was in or no, wouldn't have been college.
It would have been the Broncos.
Well, whatever.
Am I right, Chris?
Correct.
That would be like saying, I'm going to go,
I'm going to go travel to South Bend to see Brady Quinn.
I want to see this kid play.
Yeah, you want to play with this kid is what you're trying to say.
I should use the guy's name on the ear.
His first name was John, by the way.
I'm not going to use his last name.
It's a big UM groupie.
I find out a lot of those UM groupies were.
Yeah, Queens.
Michael also says maybe if they put the newspapers on the bedroom ceiling around her headboard,
meaning Sarah, she'd read more.
She seemed to have spent a lot of time on her bed, on her back, or maybe facing the headboard.
He also says the pull numbers for Obama looking very good, but it's still close enough to steal.
No, it really isn't.
Not right now.
He's winning Florida and even Virginia.
He's got 11 point lead in Virginia, which hasn't voted Democratic since LBJ in 1964.
Virginia.
Way ahead, Obama.
Way ahead.
In the battleground states, he's got a good lead in Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania, 15 point lead.
What's not to like?
Here's another fake.
Fake email.
Niko, it's your buddy, Paul Castronova.
Ron and I were sitting here fingering each other in the studio wondering what the weather's like up there in Toronto.
Cole, sunny and cool, baby.
Love you, Paulie.
P.S. Toast says.
Toast.
Is he back?
Is he on that show again?
He's over with, yeah.
Paul on.
Now let's see Toast, who am I confusing him with?
I don't know.
The other one named...
Omelette?
Omelette.
That's it.
Omelette.
Whatever happened to Omelette?
I don't know.
I always confuse him with breakfast burrito.
Oh.
I confuse him with I like food.
Yeah.
Omelette.
He kind of vanished, didn't he?
Yeah, the thing he did.
So Toast keeps reappearing.
After he screwed up the Kenny and Blow morning show, that could have been a great show like with different hosts and different material.
Other than that.
Other than that it was different stuff to do.
It was...
Kaka, man.
Crap.
Kenny and Blow morning show.
And these people are writing me stuff like this Brad, whatever his name was, Brandon Guy.
Oh, it's October.
Oh, you made a mistake.
You're like from the micro-ocean-thaw school if I have no life.
Oh, George sent me something.
Would you send me?
Picture.
I'm a picture of what?
Somebody sent me that.
So I'm sending it to you.
Oh, now I got to open up the attachment and all that stuff.
It should be right there.
You know, you just scrolled down to it.
There it is.
It's a serifice present for dummies.
That's cute.
I sent it to the website too.
Just in case you want to put it up there.
Yeah, get it on there.
Get it on.
You forgot an obvious one using Potter or other illegal drugs.
Well, I hate to break the news to you, Shirley.
The pulse is not including drugs or alcohol offenses.
I break the law most often by.
But thanks anyway, Shirley.
God.
Jesus, God.
You made a mistake.
You made a mistake.
That's the world, man.
Just looking to find your Achilles heel.
Or your Achilles.
Brackum-ass.
You made a mistake.
You left one out the pole.
So obvious.
We also left off I love food.
Do you want to put that on there?
We could put something else just as stupid.
Yeah, I won't come up with something later on.
I don't wear a hat.
I'm a Joe six pack.
There you go.
Seriously, when she starts talking to try to talk about Joe six pack,
I just, I want a cocka, man.
I just want to take a big dump right on my sofa.
God.
And Tommy T who's been listening to me since 77 at WNWS,
which is interesting because I didn't go to WNWS till 78.
But nevertheless, maybe Tommy is psychic.
Tommy T.
He says, is there any decent news shows anymore?
MSNBC, Obermann on and on with six packs, Sarah.
Obermann's great.
I watched him in his entirety last night.
And then what's your name, Kimon Rachel?
Maddo Dow.
Then after that, his illegitimate son, Rachel, Tommy says.
Enough already.
We all know with the exception of McCain that Sarah blows.
CNN, Pupra blows.
Luke can't get the leaf floor out of his ass.
And Mr. Blitzer is gone.
Maybe for good.
Mr. Blitzkrieg ain't gone.
He even worked on Russia's show at WNWS.
How do you like that?
Boy, talk about going to burn in hell.
Let's get this thing over with already says,
Tommy T. Go Obama.
Tommy, you need some medication.
Is what you need.
George can help you out.
Okay?
102 votes on the new poll.
Not too shabby there.
In fact, maybe we will change it and put a different one on
before the end of the show.
What do you think?
Oh, and George has got to come up with a poll for tomorrow.
And he'll leave the poll week.
The best time.
The best time.
The best time.
The best time.
The best time.
The best time.
The best time.
The best time.
The best time.
The best time.
The best time.
The best time.
The best time.
The best time.
Just tell me what your problem is.
You failed.
You got hit a bomb.
And took a hit then Woody.
I'd like to teach him some.
Absolutely.
And get the munchies and make brownies filled with hats.
And Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
Woody, you failed.
The big bob Marley on his throne.
No fun in heaven is your store.
How come Cheetanne taxes is not a pull?
Didn't we all put her on there?
Come on, Fats.
I'll get with it.
So Brandon Lafayne, another phony name,
is just, he's gonna be one of these chronics, which is fine.
Keep him coming, Brandon.
It's a Kalei's tendon.
Not a Kalei's heel.
Wrong.
wrong. He's talking about apples. I'm talking about oranges. When you have a
weak spot, it's your Achilles heel. Correct. Your Achilles tendon. Correct. We have it.
Achilles like an injury. A jock injury. Okay. Just to prove your own
sonility, Neil, you really should settle down. You don't want to have a diabetic
episode. I heard Canadian EMS isn't that great. What is that EMS? Emergency
services. Emergency medical services. Whoa, he heard. Don't want to have a diabetic
episode. Oh, Neil's getting all rattled and upset. Yeah. We were talking about
that before the show today. Some of you people out there that's if we give a crap
about what you think about these stupid emails and can't calls. Oh yeah. That's
what my life is all about is these emails and the phone calls. It's a different
time that guy took writing that email that long as I might as well have been
shouting into a coffee can. Now which one you're talking about? The guy that's
sending the thing that's going to be helpful. Yeah. Congratulations to that
right wing loser by the way. You know my real last name. Congratulations. You're
not so much about Sarah Palin. She's not running. Yeah. She ought to be running.
She ought to be running right across the illusion islands. Hip, hip, hip, he
hopped. Maybe she could meet Joe six pack and the Vladimir Poon Tang on the
other side. Paul takes the time to send to me. You made a mistake. You made a
mistake, which I didn't make this mistake. I make a lot of mistakes. L.A. went to
Stanford. How did I say that this queen from UM was going to Denver? Yes. Yes.
And why was he going to Denver? Where did John L.A. play in the NFL? He's
in Denver Broncos. That's right. So he wasn't going to go see him play in
college. He was going to see him play in his like first year in the NFL or
whatever it was. You made a mistake. You made a mistake. You're having a diet
better. Campos. Yeah. The love. Feel the love. Can't you feel the love from
South Florida? And at idiot the last night with a long email. Oh pro.
Those proud to be yourself for it. Well, you know something you fit in like a
glove right in somebody. Oh my god. And wouldn't surprise me if that's where you
got your finger now in your own ass. God. Just keep him coming. Keep all the
hate speed one baby. Keep all the fake emails. It's great. Because the one good
thing about this, you can pick and choose. Oh, it's somebody else died. Also
did from my childhood TV commercial days says somebody Paul. Jan Miner,
Madge, Pomol of commercials. You're soaking in it. Oh, yeah, man. You're soaking
in it. That green mung. Nancy Walker, Rosie and the body commercials, the
quicker, thicker, upper Dick Wilson, Mr. Whipple, charming commercials. Please
don't squeeze the charm. Basically a bunch of busy bodies. Muah. That's you. It
says muah. Well, that was sweet. They're bullying you with kiss. Paul's
blowing me a kiss. Yes, he is. He loves you. Paulie. So this. Let's see.
Sit now. What is this? Links. I don't want links. Okay. Daisy Liam Myers,
in Miami Beach, send me a link. I don't want it. It's a video. It's a YouTube.
I don't want to go. I don't got time for it. Oh, here's a cute one. Somebody
standing in front of Wall Street with a big size jump. You efforts. That's cute.
Like that. The doubt by the way is down over 200 points. They are not impressed
the last night. They're waiting for the house tomorrow. If the house don't pass
it tomorrow is going to be a blood bath, baby. It's going to be I would run for the
hills. If I were you, if I were dumb enough to have money in stocks, which I
once upon a time did, and I will never do it again. Here's one from Mr. David
Adid, another fake from Howard David. I've listened to some of your show today.
You're continuing to make fun of me after Joe Bell and my lawyer have instructed
you not to. This is unacceptable. As you've heard by now, I'm suing you for
defecation of character. I don't want to sue you, Neil. I love you so much. And
you let me eat all of your pizza, but I feel that I must because I can't find a job
because of you. I'm willing to let this lawsuit slide. If you send me a check for
$100,000 within the next week, if you don't write this check within the next week,
then me and my hair piece will see you in court. Love Mr. David. Now see, that's
the kind of stuff. PS Guilty is very upset with you as well. You've
had you bastard. Good. And that's classic. That's a keeper. Right? Indeed it is.
It's good stuff. It's better than that the brand and LaFave or whatever's
naming. We're speaking of brand and more than hell is Brandon. Don't pop on
their brand. Maybe I got my aim closed. I don't know. Yeah. You need to improve
your aim. No. You got me confused with Peter North. Joey Pinto. Oh, Joey Pinto
Reynolds. Another fake email. I am that hemorrhoid with my nose up
Niels Aces. Well, let's see. Let me let me print this one out. It's fairly long.
It might be worth the reading. At least we didn't get anything from Bill Marshall
yet. Yet. And that's it. There's a link. I don't want links. If I wanted links,
I go get breakfast sausages. Okay. I get some sausages. Cannabis is less harmful
than drinking or smoking says a new report. A research charity today calls for a
serious rethinking of drug policy. This is in London. The Beckley Foundation
charity, which members, which number senior experts and other academics among
its advisors said banning cannabis has no impact on supply and turns users into
criminals like George. Criminal. Oh, yeah. Although cannabis can have a negative
impact on health, including mental health in terms of relative harms, it's
considerably less harmful than alcohol or tobacco says to report by the
Foundation's Global Cannabis Commission. The government is pressing for
cannabis to be reclassified in law as a class B drug compared with its current
less serious class C classification. The Brits, those silly as Brits, and that
Gordon Brown knows. Authorities are concerned notably by the growing prevalence
of the potent scum form of the drug. About 80% of cannabis seizures are of this
strain said to be linked to mental health problems official figures show.
Sculk. Give us smell. Sculk. Oh, the tongue. I bet. Just this morning. El Stinco. The
Beckley Foundation, a charitable trust claimed only two deaths worldwide have
been attributed to cannabis while alcohol and tobacco used together till
an estimated 150,000 people in Britain alone. Many of the harms associated with
cannabis use are the result of the prohibition itself, especially the
social harms arising from arrest and imprisonment it said. It's only through
a regulated market we can better protect young people from the ever more potent
forms of dope it added. The decision to be classified cannabis upwards into the
more punitive class B category which includes amphetamines as a U-turn for the
labor government. Cannabis was downgraded from class B when Tony Blair was
Prime Minister. But Gordon Brown announced to review of its status soon after
taking over in June last year. An earlier review of the cannabis
classification at the time of the last 2005 general election resulted in a
remaining class C C for cannabis S for skunk C for crap. How we doing on the new
poll? Did you put the cheating on your taxes on there? Yes. 145. Look at that
Virginia Obama 53 McCain 44. Nine point lead in Virginia of all places
Virginia Redneck Heaven baby sure. Here's one that says dear Uncle Neil is
we needed more evidence of serious lack of intelligence and insight. This
wanted to share an excerpt of this article I noticed by Jonathan Kepart
regarding judge serious decision declaration and homosexuality is a choice.
Thanks Paul. Been there done that. Then we do that the other day. Yeah yesterday. Yep.
Oh my sexuality but she's got a good lady friend who's a dyke.
Joey Pinto Reynolds another fake email it says good morning Neil I was sitting
here having a circle jerk with Bill Marshall and Russ Oasis when I began
thinking about the late cockamoon lady was the cockamomelady the same woman who
left two classic voice mails in the early 90s ripping your show no the first
one went along to lines of big time ratings tell him to stick it up his ass he'll
always have them boy wish we had that drop and that was great remember that oh
yeah and the second one went along the lines of I didn't even have to tune in
heard this show yesterday same old belching same old farting come on you'll
give us a break that might have been that wasn't a cockamoon lady though she
loved the show she wasn't some nasty old bitch that's right was this the same
person you still have the drops in the system I think this is a side by side
comparison of these drop-ins along with the cockamoon lady are in order right this
also reminds me do you still have the drop-in of the old w u f i f i u radio
ad where they were playing a part of your show first of all wasn't w u f i
was a uh...
pipe or high what's the station k p x k p x
and they were playing part of your show and while you were eating the studio
and the bitch DJ who probably was Jewish fishing college years says if you're
sick and tired of listening to fat homosexuals eat on the air etc etc
are the good old days you know still
hum your old w i would be intro theme of taking a bubble back with Bill and
Russ and my collection of rubber dickies
i have no idea how i'm still alive you have no idea how miserable i am
the happiest moment of my life was giving you a kiss at any highlight
i was at that moment it was at that moment i realized who i really am i am that
hemorrhoid with rats in my room and my nose up kneels as yours untrurally
and completely insincerely
joey pento rentals
got a love the emails
maybe get some real one stuff
i don't know
i'm
five six thousand
and the fourth
leader
the biggest news
the best talent
you're listening to sports radio five sixty w q a m
i am a
for the other day
this is the new Roger show
this is your claim
this is i with this view
among the world leaders gathering at the u.n. general assembly our republican
vice president you can't answer a palen and the president of Afghanistan
listen what is that i'm a museum i'm a do you like hockey and do you live in Alaska
yes i'm a hockey mom from Alaska
go try to ishtibosha then can you see Russia from Alaska
yes you can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska
what is your foreign policy experience
i got involved in the pta quick photo ops with no questions from the media
very little chance she'll stumble
what is the difference between you and president bush
lipstick
oh my god
oh
i like i said send me links
because when these people start expressing their own opinions and their own
like the calls we may have to take a whole bunch of calls today
because the emails are really slim and grim
nila the arranges dot com it's real simple
and going great for like two and a half weeks but you know all good things must come to a
screeching hold
did not tell you that this morning that it was a grim that's what the Buddha said
a lot of hostility though
ah you got the diabetes ah you're running and dying
well i had to break the news to you but even if you think you're in the pink
a health you're running and dying it's part of
god's plan
ill god
the lord works in mysterious ways
he's going to be around forever the lord but us we got you know 60 80 90 years
that's it
40 50
mm-hmm
in fact Chris's case if he don't lose some weight 35 40
this is from Rick
who says this is what got me so agitated
give me a diabetic stroke
Sarah palen may be bright
but she displays no intellectual curiosity
why is not a word she uses she cannot or does not connect the dots says Rick
she may be bright why would anybody assume that she's bright
because she can see a she can see Russia from her porch with her binoculars
because she thinks Vladimir Poon Tang flies over Alaska when he flies when he goes
to Washington New York
which he does not
she's bright
she just can't connect the dots
she's a moron
she's a simpleton she's a Yahoo trailer trash
is what she is Rick
WQIM hello
BOP BOP BOP BOP BOP BOP BOOK BOP BOOK BOP BOOK BOP BOOK
BOP BOOK BOP BOOK BOP BOOK BOP BOOK
ah and I he could have done better than that
well he got three hours to kill here today
and that's all he gave me is like a quickie
that was him
that was yeah
that was the real Eddie not airsatz not make believe
that was the real Eddie Eddie Eddie Eddie
who's one of our most brilliant callers of all times matter of fact
we used to poop who Eddie
actually we wasn't a caller he was a voicemailer left that on the voicemail
BABOO BABOO BABOO BABOO
he was way ahead of his time
so daisy finally instead of sending me the link she printed this out for me
David Letterman see I don't I don't I don't need David Letterman's top ten lists
top ten things overheard at Sarah Paylon debate camp
thanks daisy but I'm not going to steal at Letterman's material not interested
and daisy also says um no I see
something about pro football
no prior I don't know what she's talking about
and neither do you daisy okay leave it alone
just leave it alone daisy you have a great daisy
god here's one that says if Yahoo's McCain and Paylon win
is the Rose Garden big enough to accommodate a double wide trailer
also in your video who's the tall dork with 500 keys
and two paeagers hanging off of his belt
nice pizza grease oozing outside of Gilbert's mouth
go Obama love your show keep up the great work
you too George's day from Pupar City
I know who's the uh I could be anybody could be chapter the hell
he's here's one of the picture of Sarah
with that same stupid smile that big broad smile
a stupid look on her purse
oh well I just read read them all I mean
whatever comes across my desk I mean this you know
all the ones that everybody knows uh
you know like name me one name me a magazine
name me as something
anything a Supreme Court decision other than a Roe v. Wade
well you know as we go back through a history of course
what comes to mind immediately is
anyone that if should be left to the states like Roe v. Wade
I mean pathetic you just want to cry
you want to cry not only because McCain chose her
but because there are people actually buying this sick
pathetic act she's sucking up to Joe six back
who's probably so damn drunk he don't know the difference
he just knows she's got a hot ass
I think she's probably got a cool ass
if he asked me I could be wrong
yeah you faggot what do you know about hot ass
Sarah Palin's performance tonight is crucial this says
she could hit it out of the park or is in danger of crossing
what we're calling the quail threshold
after a convention speech approval rating soared since then
she seen those ratings dip like a financial portfolio
filled with bank stocks she needs another win tonight
media consultant t. J. Walker explains
and video included in this mail which I won't be looking
oh t. J. Walker's available as a guest for quotes
haha oh book them George
all right it's got pictures of this guy too
t. J. Walker media training worldwide CEO
keynote speaker yadi yadi
oh my god oh and it's got his whole bio here
frequent commentator appeared off on an MSNBC
he's uh oh god was a merit scholar at Duke
if you no longer wish to receive communication from us
cancel let me click that on during the break
don't let me forget
okay the cancel cancel cancel
somebody sends me this grotesque story
a homeless paraplegic was beaten over the head with a board
and robbed of his wheelchair and cash the BSO said yesterday
they've been to Merchard to knee 64 was left bleeding
and begging for help on the pavement
this is outrageous said Sheriff's Office spokeswoman
Kea Keela Concepcion to leave a paraplegic man laying on the ground is despicable
the assailant in the Tuesday that attack in the 900 block of West sample road
played with 94 bucks the nieces cell phone
and the wheelchair even stole a freaking wheelchair
the nieces was taken to Broward North Broward Medical Center where he remained
last night of thirties didn't release his condition
deputies are looking for man described as 35 years old with a ponytail
and a beard and mustache last scene wearing Junin jeans and a blue shirt
and a white sport coat and a pink carnation
wqa m hello
fake qa m hello
wqa m hello
qa m hello
k
hello
k
what kind of phone do you got like a sock over it
no
no i don't
it's the quarter shlottas
go away drop dead i don't need your email the same reason i don't want to talk to you on the phone
because you're a pain in the ass you're a jerk you're a moron you're a simple
didn't go away you're annoying you're worse than any of the other ones you're worse than i am your friend
you're worse than them you're worse than the Georgia's gay
and then them you're the worst quarter shlott guy
and by the way i won four grand at woodbind yesterday
yeah
how do you like that quarter shlott guy
there wasn't playing quarter shlottas i was playing dollars wheel of fortune dollars
i got the three five times five times five times five times four grand
and i said oh yeah give me that money i'm getting out of here and i did i flew out of there
i raced to the door
so you can take your quarter shlottas mister and stick him in your shlott
break them
don't stand up fast though because they'll all fall out real quick
like make green they used to be her problems used to make money but she'd stand up real quick
when all fall on the floor
roll down the hall that i was you
shouldn't have kept it there
well
you know
should get it in the order some hate
nobody knows what that you're talking about when you keep repeating that nonsense about hate and south Florida
well that's interesting because i took a poll that were a couple weeks ago
and one of the things they hated the most was the hate in south Florida
so it's only me
i suspect that you're the only one who feels it considering you're probably one of the most despised people in south Florida
it's no wonder you're in self-imposed exile in shmitty toronto
or is that because you don't have the balls to sit in the same studio
is the people you regularly trash
of course your audience will regurgitate whatever crap you spew
as Gerbil said if you keep repeating something enough especially on tv or radio becomes true
no matter how preposterous
especially with your audience scraping the bottom of the barrel in terms of intelligence
which includes whoever wrote this obviously
that's why he's always cracked me up
scraping the bottom of the barrel
but you can quote chapter inverse
chapter inverse and don't have the balls to sit in the same studio
this this sounds like Kimba Bo camper
although he's not articulate enough to write this
remember that
yep hiding behind your skirt up there in toronto
come down here and say that to me call him a cune to his face
oh there's Barney Fag
well what
he was only on there for a second he'll be back
that was done oh boy
200 and some odd
Rebecca says we got out of Miami seven years ago
and never looked back
do Mr. Cuban food though
we live in North Carolina people really speak English here
try to catch your show on the internet when we can
P.S. people here can't stand sir appalem
she if she can be VP
why can't all soccer moms says Rebecca
I'm a soccer mom from North Carolina
keep the hate coming maybe I love those emails
they just they really do it
or here's one from senator Ted Kennedy
I'd like to talk to you about bridges cars and boats
bridges bars and boats or bridges bars and goats
I'm Ted Kennedy I know about all of them I'm an expert
Votobomba Ted Kennedy
not cute
here's a link I just I deleted
keep it up in the pool too you're the best
thank you for the economy the gas prices
well more can you do before he leaves the white house he blows
I'm your friend says somebody
Al Wanger
or somebody like that some phoney name
another phoney name
Mr. Williams has shared a video with you on YouTube
what did I just get through Santa Barbara
I don't want to see it I don't want to know from it
I don't want to see it don't waste my time
don't waste my space here
stop stop with the damn YouTube videos
God
you know what I mean
what do you mean enough already
good look good look
good look
what's that lineup today we didn't look at that yet
usually I do that right in the beginning before I've ever had them
see now an old in my body is being ravaged by
the ills and the evils of diabetes
I don't think I had any crew I had a couple of candy bars yesterday
the Snickers almond the big king size one you're gonna die up there
and then I had a
score score candy bar not score ice cream though thank God
I scored with score
you can't eat only 10 of those for those things are so sweet
so rich so good score SKOR
yeah and the ice cream to die for
the big all is it to rock solid in spite of protest outside on the 441
Jim Mandice 4 to 7 hurricane hotline 7 to 9 oh it's Thursday
wow it's a total tune out 9 to 10 it's dolphins tonight high school gridline
report and the D.A. show at desperate attempt from 10 to midnight to follow all of that swirly
wow good luck to you
you know it was no projects 4.5 60 Q.A.M.
fourth leader
one all-all-a-pop little boy
up on the alabet gimmel network it's the end of the year spectacular that everyone's
stressing about dick Clarks Hebrew New Year's Rock and Eats
they could buy it a 5768 and help blow the show far off of 5769 with a cast
of Jewish stars featuring the Borscht belt comedy styleings of Jerry Seinfeld
what is the deal with Roger Shawna what's the rush
I host this chick Fajana
Sarah Silverman
what Amy Winehouse is in julysh
the hoaxie teller face
look at my
the beastie boy
so rush so rush so rush so rush so rush so rush
boss David Schwimmer Lenny Kravitz
Andy Samberg
Winona Ryder
and Adam Sandler
not a Jewish rich in here
it's the Jewish New Year
Dick Clarks Hebrew New Year's Rock and Eats
it's gonna blow your Tukas off
buddy are going to watch something else
eleven seventeen and five sixty WQM
they're shredsing I don't know what that means I know what shredsing means
shredsing is like sweating right
they're shredsing I think they just made up a word
I don't know maybe they're such a word a shredsing
Cretching
here's a poll idea from LD who's kind of chronic
all you chronic keep the emails coming today is very weak
very weak today
neal at neal Rogers dot com
keep those good and then what I really love is how can you say
there's hate down here you bastard
and then they go on for like a few paragraphs of miserable
hostile hate
that's right how could I say that and then of course
every year we get about eight million
calls and letters and emails from people saying
oh well we just got out of there and we're so glad
you know it's just me though
that's just me
the hate is palpable man you can smell it
you can feel it you can smell it
here's the poll idea
beside the neal Rogers show what current South Florida institution
would you miss most when it finally disappears
is a long list
the monkey jungle a parachungal a aquarium
Florida Panthers National Hockey League team
oh that won't be long
love 94 Bob Mayor Tony Cigaretteau
books and books the pizza loft
Eliana Rosanna Loud at the late nann
Joe Stone Crabbs
Alan's Drugs during South Miami
yes it still exists
Publix, Windixie, Highly
Flagler Dog Track, Calderace Track
the Festival Flea Market
Bayside Marketplace
the Museum of Science and Planetarium
in the Grove or the bird bowl
what's the bird bowl
bowling alley
oh
well what kind of answers were those
what's the bird bowl
bowling alley
oh well I didn't know what it was
oh I thought you were chiming in
now here's an interesting email
that bitch that move to North Carolina
should know the British speak English
we speak something that kind of looks like English
and it says from Douglas Castillo
that sounds like a really good British name doesn't it?
sure
Douglas Castillo
Castle Sun at hotmail.com
for anybody who wants to communicate
tell them to blow out his ass
the Brits
we can't stand the Brits
anybody with a brain knows that the Brits
the Brits we had a fight
a damn war to get away from the Brits
and then of course
Las Malvinas I mean remember that business
they ain't what they used to be the Brits you know
yeah
after they butchered all those people in Inja
in South Africa and Australia
all over the world all around the world
butchered them
and of course left their great British cuisine behind too
let's see what John McKay this is another one
from Jim
John McKay and Sarah Pailin
I keep thinking of them as the two best comedy characters
from your show. Firstly there's the grumpy old man
who blows off his top a lot and is pretty condescending to everyone
then there's this young squeaky voice one who likes hockey
Mo Wengelis is Jim in England
Jim in England you believe that?
I believe that
well Jim's name is O'Sullivan so he could be in England
it's not Castillo
speaking of cheating on taxes
the IRS is probably going to come after you
you're legally required to self-report any gambling
we're winning worldwide about $1200
I'll doubt your document yesterday
now see I have to document gambling winnings above losing
see that that's what you declare tax on Schmuck
here's another know it all
or away from the rest of what is it any from the rest of the past years
oh yeah
sure
Nio, Shaq, this is Geldie
Fat Astrali, Raleigh Jo and Mohawar David
did to have informed me there's a lawsuit in the works against you
I'm going to join in on the lawsuit
you have ruined my career
damn you Nio you're going to die in a wheel of wicked death
I'm going to come to Toronto and steal Paco away from you
I'm a better lover than you could ever hope to be
I'm not well in doubt but I know the motion of the ocean
maybe I could show you one day
please Nio I love you
sleep with me and fulfill my fantasies
sign I love you
Shaq, did he send the picture?
no
and then the bottom of just his Geldie
oh I see he's saying I love you Shaq
but it's signed Geldie
whatever
oh so lame so weak
weak
I mentioned I lost 20 grand at Woodbying yesterday
nope these people give me a sign at these experts
oh what you have to declare what England is
yeah right
let me say it again there are no taxes on gambling winnings in this country
none zero Zippity Duda
unlike the USA
there are no taxes
worldwide, countrywide, continent wide
they don't exist no such thing
by the way I need to look on OLGC and see if somebody won the lot of last night
I want to I got 45 bucks
losing by the way not winnings
they're losing
when you spend 200 on lottery tickets
you look at 45 the jackpot was 35 million last night
no taxes
okay let me go to OLGC's dot CA
and see if anybody won I forgot to check it I know I didn't
somebody won damn it is back to 4 million for Saturday
well that sucks
who the hell wants to allow Z4 million right
right and let's see how many winners there were here
let me click on the happy face
one winner 35 million
$363,719 no sense
one were and they write a check
no tax
35 million plus
that would solve a lot of problems you know it
you
not me though I didn't win it
you think I'd be here if I won 35 million no
of course then you'd have to declare a tax on it
nearly on the right blow out your ass get lost get a life
stick your nose and somebody else's ass
it is normal for states to periodically review
list of voters and remove any who have moved
died or been convicted of felonies however with no national standards to control this
process it's become chaotic riddled with inaccuracies and vulnerable
to manipulation for partisan purposes those are the conclusions of a new
report from the Brennan Center for Justice obtained by CBS news Brennan Center
executive director Michael Walman told CBS officials are making tons of errors
and it's all happening in secret without public accountability
boy what a novelty huh
WQI am hello
I'm your friend I'm working I'm your friend you're my buddy I'm glad you called me
I'm glad I called you I'm proud I've done bye everyone I'm fine I'm well
he packed a lot it's that call
oh let's go home now one problem that's previously been noted is that some voters
are being improperly removed from the roles because of clerical errors or small
mismatches and names or addresses it may not even find out to lay show up an
attempt to vote
however in addition to accident layers there's also a possibility of voter
purges being use selectively to target minorities or groups
for partisan purposes well what a shock that is we don't know all the problems
but we know that there's a huge potential for partisan mischief Walman said
although exact figures are difficult to obtain the report notes that one election
official Mississippi was recently found to have purged 10,000 voters from
our home computer another 21,000 voters have been purged in Louisiana
increasing the concerns another study cited by CBS has found that 19 states
are ignoring a federal law banning systematic purges within 90 days of a
federal election blogger Brad Friedman comments so CBS news is noticed
where the hell are all the Democrats and why aren't they raising hold a hill about
all this stuff everywhere in the meantime Republicans are out with phony reports
and lawsuits damn near every day and not just on Fox News declaring evidence of
completely non-existent voter fraud by Democrats in the meantime the Democrats
continue to bring a knife to the gun fight and as we've noted many times
the late seem to have no clue they're in a war on democracy and be waged by their
GOP opponents but a week for the move that about once
part of the course Democrats winp they like to winp winp winp out they winp
out can't wait for that debate tonight can you I think that's what everybody's
uh... in the suspended animation for the everybody just poised they're all
sitting back hold on their breath yeah like that
well here's one email they're coming at one of the time simple question how
or are you voting that's for the poll
is that a question for me or question for the audience clarify
i don't know what that means
we all know how i'm voting and by the way i got my absentee ballots already
it's already it's in the other room
how do you like that and i'm going to do is i'm going to like duplicate it
four five thousand times and send them all in this week
the best out of people with no rejects
four radio five sixty q a m
and the sports leader
sports leader
like it thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the
why-to-care problem i would like to announce the development of a new
software system which will be year two thousand compliant
this program is known as millennia year applications software system or
my ass next monday there will be a meeting in which i will show my ass to
everyone we will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all
employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at my ass
we have not addressed networking aspects yet so currently only one person at a
time can use my ass this restriction will be removed after my ass expands
last week my secretary said to me i'm a little nervous i never put anything in my
ass before i helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted
that it was relatively painless and she was actually looking forward to doing it
again and was even ready to kiss my ass as you begin using the program feel free
to put anything you want in my ass as my ass grows larger we envision a time when
it will be commonplace for supervisor to hand work to an employee and say
here stick this in my ass it will be a great day when we need data quickly
and our employees can respond here it is i just pulled it out of my ass
well eleven thirty one at five sixty w.w.c.m. heavy thursday october second
you may mistake you may mistake me
and then what did i tell you about the emails generally speaking all the way
like i'm a lot better than the calls but generally speaking though it's the same
kakurai overgrown children behind the anonymity of a
computer they got a big mouth
here's how the poll is going so far two hundred forty five votes
not including drug or booze offenses i break the law most often by speeding
hundred and twelve i never break any laws thirty six now wearing a seatbelt
thirty two downloading music or video illegally twenty five not picking up
dog poop ten cheating on taxes nine having sex in public seven
littering six carrying a weapon illegally three running red lights three
buggery one smoking and on smoking areas one so lamented you know
get those phones and baby we're going to be taking a lot of calls today or not
i don't know
i think i think that's going to be the uh...
oh here we go
tadpole this is another one of the chronics this is what's what you call it
crazy mario tadpole at circus something i know you will not read this on the
ear because you only read emails from people who are agreeing with you kissing your
ass blah blah blah blah okay nobody in their right mind can vote for Barack Obama
okay whatever you say tadpole lunatic
no you're right i won't read it on the air
i mean i read a lot of crap on here but not from him your friend mario marino
and hi alia loser go buy some insurance mario maybe to calm him down
what do you think
something a bit of a some medley of our he sent it to me three times just to make sure
oh yeah if you don't address their point you know right away
what do i ever do to you mario
you're here for you all these years i've been here for you
you sound kind of gay to me mario
you think mario's got a wife a girlfriend i don't know
be sure of that wqa and hello
male yes
got on dude
George this is mother judge and speed i was wondering where my wqa and gyris
you keep your sugar level even you don't want anything to happen you know
what are you talking about what language are you speaking one of your people
obviously one of your friends where's this qa m gear
yeah i don't know third gear rhymes with queer
and the only thing we have to fear wqa m hello
me am or a month a couple of days back wqa m hello
and ill yes
what is the limo drowler how are you
ok let me the limo driver a voice from the distant past how you doing le
hey great am i on that list
you on what list
the list you're talking about a chronic
not yet
ok i have no
how you doing man
ok le he will see you
alright buddy take care
you know
woo
Tommy T who emailed earlier
said i had a question mark next to wna
ws i was only off by one year i did a lot of drugs back then
to i was Keith open and every night love it over
overman
three and yes i need some meds
George got some good moock
soon to be chronic Tommy T
no not soon to be already chronic
really chronic
wqa m hello
alright
qa m hello
good morning
yes sir when is this
hey name i'm a truck driver here in south Florida
i can't really contribute any emails already any calls
but i know i'm a few days late
on that bowl with the best playbook i play guy how about chick herns
oh yeah
yeah let's start let's start building the pool
we did a couple days
i'm sorry i'm sorry i'm sorry
alright but hey good show i love you guys
i encourage the best producer in the business later guys
really oh brother now i know that i need some meds
what you think
thank you for what you've taken that seriously
hey why not you think that was a serious call you the best producer
first of all he's not the producer
he's a research board op
what he's a reproducer oh no wait that's me
here's an email let me know if you'd be interested in interviewing Ryan McNeil tomorrow
by phone or in studio about the hurricanes
the NFL labor situation
gene upshot in the current NFL season
Ryan won a national championship at Miami
and was a pro bowl in the NFL as a 10 year
cornerback safety
currently he's president CEO of the
professional business and financial network
and it's got just goes on and on about that
business yada yada yada
G see pin cpion
washington dc send me this and i wrote back uh... no
no no i don't usually be spawned with emails once in a great while
i wrote back no with several o's after it like
a couple of exclamation points no
we would not be interested
don't you love that
they obviously have no concept of what the show is all about
any interest in interviewing Ryan McNeil in studio
by phone tomorrow no no no
no
or next so kiss no
what they got that alley felching in there with a headset on that i think
instantly will see the loosening of credit because there's some people
who've been hoarding their money like speedy a financial expert he's the maven
they're just raven about the maven nasdaqs down 60 and the douse down to
160 some point
not good there there i don't know i thought that that senate will last night my
game a little bit of optimism
surprise but they're waiting for the house to pass it tomorrow and if they don't
tomorrow there all hell's gonna break loose on monday oh my god be a good
day to like uh... stay home
monday
good day to crawl into the bed get on your qa m gear together what was that the
pun talking about you got me he knew you he was talking
he was one of your people must have been uh... christinae i think there was like
a code call that's it yes i like that they're talking in code you know i had to be a
drug deal must have been qa m gear means where's my pound of pot that's it a
power god oh here we go again
steves as i heard you mentioned the windows sounds yesterday the constantly
come through on the internet while listening to you could you please explain
this to your listeners are calling in there i t department unnecessarily
could explain what
you see i hate to break the news to steve t whoever you are anybody else is
listening online which we appreciate your listening but we don't hear what's
on the internet right
we don't hear it we can't hear it
i mean we could if we wanted you know i have somebody go online and listen
what we don't want to do that
why doesn't steve t just say thanks for the great quality now that we have
here on the uh... streaming and uh... thanks for it being free
i didn't mention windows sounds we had a couple of silly people out there
sending me uh... look at that here's the a national pool latest one quinoa
piacobama fifty mcain forty two other eight eight point lead
here's a uh... email are you upset that baraka supporting the bailout when you're
strongly against it it seems you never criticize him no matter what
he just seems too much of an
extremist for me bill ares whether underground etc
oh yeah extremist florida newest poll obama fifty one mcain forty seven and by
the way all his young punks who say you aren't being pulled because they have
cell phones never show up to vote you'll be lucky to see ten percent turn out
among those under thirty and either there was other major demographics blacks
oh yeah that sounds like wishful thinking to me wishful thinking bigoted bastard
he's gonna win it's gonna be a glanslide by the time we get another four and a
half weeks
oh and here's when this is my vote will cancel your vote it's got a long i'll print
it out my bottle cancel your about nine and then then then then then then
overgrown children misery obama pulled ahead forty nine to forty eight neck and
neck nose to nose in misery
how do you like that he's a what is it nine points ahead in virginia
nine points ahead in virginia john mcain so here in mizuri it appears to be still
up for grabs fascinating numbers oh Tony Harris says fast
sedating numbers fast sedating numbers how can he be on here you know ask
yourself that question i give up okay let's see what this one says my vote will
cancel out your vote joy rentals rules the nights and we'll flip screen the days
cute and then it goes on it says and somebody wasted a lot of time this product is
meant for educational purposes only any resemblance to real persons living
that is purely coincidental some assembly required let's each check
separately by bank number batteries not included and it just goes on and on
postage will be paid by addresses subject to approval this is not an offer to
sell securities do not stamp maybe too intense for some viewers all models over 18 years of age
do not disturb times approximate simulated picture no posted necessary of male to the US
for off-road use only an on and i must be one of your friends again oh yeah
package
Tomet Wild!
No music man man man wait wait please
with sports? Well just a lot of buildings burning and carnage. My car's okay though.
Oh, go back to the clouds.
Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big Hit Big It was the right place that's not just a ball game, it's a disease that's 5 60 WQAM. Not just a game. This thing is already over here on the scene and running reality. This live get away like this if a cow's okay. Alright
it's a disease. It's an obsession. It's a fetish to religion. Oh, it's way beyond that.
Let's see. We got a couple of a smattering of email. Not that's what we do today. A smattering
and splattering. Not too heavy duty. I'd have to actually take a couple more calls later on.
Ron says, high-neil, they're saying you should count how many times CERA will use the word
liberal tonight. If they're so conservative in spending, why do the Republican Party
spend $79 trillion of taxpayers money? They're about as conservative as the Republican
Commissioners were spending taxpayers money for a ballpark for the Marlins. The Marlins.
There's such tremendous interest in the Marlins as in none or next to none. I hear some
email from CERA. Okay. Dear Mr. Rogers, I don't appreciate your constantly making fun of
me, the Republican Party, and our esteemed president. You are a bad, bad man. Do you
know that I'm a hockey mom from Alaska? Haven't you seen my lipstick? Let me tell you
something, fellow. I can see Russia from my front porch. Can you say that, fat man? I'm
a whole lot closer to a foreign country than you are there in Toronto. I can almost
see Lake Ontario from my window, but not quite. I know stuff about a lot of things that
are important by present, presentive matters. I know how to balance a small toy budget
and how to coach Udsocker. Your radio show is a bad thing for our country. As the assistant
president, I'll make it my mission to get shows like years off the year. We will be
hiring Joyce's director of the FCC. In conclusion, remember, these are very important points.
Hockey mom, lipstick, Russia from my front yard, Alaska president, lipstick, knocked up
daughter, horror. I think I've said too much. Old man McCame will be mad at me and turn
me over his knee again. For now, yours is advised, presidentia, Sarah Palin, aka, US
vice hockey mom. Sorry, Sarah, not bad. Sarah's pissed off at me. What do you get
to do? You made a mistake. You're old and you're dying of dying, baby. I don't know.
I feel pretty good today for all these people with their nasty projections that's just
wishful thinking. We hope you die, you old fag. Let's see. Here's one. What is this? This
long story here. Oh, people that send me all this long stuff. Stephen, no jersey. I'm
just going to print out the selection like George always taught me to do print selection.
Right print. I do that all these all the emails. It's printing sounds. Neil, these people
are total morons. I'm pretty sure that the window sounds they're hearing are coming
from a promotional spot for the station. I can't listen to rest really so I can't confirm.
Yep, we do have buzz at least one, maybe two spots that have those sound effects.
It seems that the only time you hear those sounds are when you're playing that one certain
spot, I think it has something to do with picking football games against Danny Boy. I tend
to zone out when I don't hear your voice. So I can't be too sure. What the hell is wrong
with these people says Paul from Tampa and says, I hope I'm not becoming too chronic.
No, we need your help today. Paul, there's nothing on there now. There's not a one. Neil
Roger's dot com very weak Thursday, man. Very weak and that's because they're all
pent up with this damn debate nine hours, 10 minutes and eight seconds before the debate.
They're counting down on CNN. They're counting it down and look at that big blow there on
a west coast of the state. Pick up, but the heaviest snowfall we're looking back is actually
going to be into the Rocky Mountains. Oh, that's on a west coast of the country. I thought
there was a Florida. It's talking about snowfall snowfall in Tampa. Oh, oh, God. What's the
use? You know what? What's the use? I think I'm going home.
Steve Jersey says also a fan of overman, although we often stumbles over his own words trying
to get them out. No, I don't think he does. I think he's very articulate and I think considering
the tremendous amount of verbiage on that show, he does a damn good job as opposed to Rachel,
who stumbles and bubbles over everything she says. She fumps.
And the dike they forced on us after we show his unwatchable, so Steve, that's correct.
Don't miss the phone calls. Frankly, yours is the only voice most of us tune into here.
Well, God, I can't see you.
Anyway, just returned in New Jersey after we can West Palm. I realized the difference between
here and there is that Schmidt heads here know that they're such and the ones in Florida
don't even realize they are a more clueless society I've never seen. As I learned from living
there in the 90s, the culture and the root system are the same. An inch deep and a mile wide and
falls over easily in a breeze. Not sure if you saw the below. Priceless. Keep up the great
radio. Thank you, Steve. In Jersey, he's got an article here about a St. Lucie firefighter who
moved a man severed lower leg from a vehicle crash site. He resigned. He removed his severed leg.
Not a good idea. I'd like to like when I beat up that homeless guy and he stole his wheelchair.
That was not good. David says, I have listened to you for years in spite of your continuous and
relentless Republican bashing. I actually found it quite amusing that someone could spend so much
time and energy bashing Republicans not to mention religion day after day after day after day. Well,
guess what? You finally done it. Yes, you have opened my eyes and finally got it through my thick
skull. You've provided the cure to my political party herpes, which has been growing and oozing
for years. I can't wait to change party affiliation and wipe my hands of this deception. I will
be voting for Obama regardless of my father rolling over in his grave. Neil, you are God,
forever grateful. Keep up the good work, David. By the way, last time oil was 95 dollars a
barrel. Do you know how much gas was? Certainly not what it is now. By the way, too, your email
address on the WQM side doesn't work. What are you chartling about? We've been talking about that
for years and we don't have WQM emails. What I would turtle about is why do we need to worry about
whether any other one works when we got Neil at NeilRodgers.com and that's all you need to know and I
just got that email right there. We don't need the QM website. Oh, by the way, I think this weekend
I might send that check to courtess. Okay. And for the smart ass out there who's all whipped up
about, oh, you didn't pay any taxes on the money you want to would buy. Let me ask you this.
Prove it. See, there's no record like in Vegas or any American casino like, you know, if you
win over, I think it's $1,200 on a $2 bet, they bring a form that you fill out, which I haven't
filled those out too many times in Vegas or Atlantic City or any place else a couple times.
And they bring the tax form and you fill it out and they have a record of you winning the money.
But when they come and pay you cash and there's no record of it, prove it. Maybe I won $80 billion
it would buy, huh? More likely I lost $80 billion, but maybe I did. Maybe I do. None of your business.
Maybe I do. 284 votes on a pool. Let's see if there's any more emails or a couple. Andy Calb.
Oh, this is this is hysterical. This is some funny stuff. Let me print it out.
Andy Calb. I got even with him when I brought Tiny in the studio that day and Andy stepped in
Tiny's little pile. That was funny. That was very, very, very funny. And then Disney got all
upset. Oh, how come he's bringing his dog into the station? Remember, what a what a hole you are
Disney? God. Humor that that's what happens when you drink that much. Your nose gets red and you
get a really sour attitude about life. The math on Paul McCartney and Heather Mills divorce somebody
sends me no interest. Sorry, whoever sent that. Sorry. WKNR. Let's say Ron sends me a thing. It's
the logo from Keener 13. I hear you mentioned WKNR every now and then grew up listening to Keener
myself. I thought you might like to peruse the above website. Still listening to Michigan says Ron.
Thanks, Ron. Keener 13.com. I'm going to look that up. I bet you they got Jay Michael Wilson and
Rodney the Rodin and all that good stuff on there and Dick Burton. Remember, we used to get those
calls from Dick. Sure. Andy Calb allegedly says just wanted to let you know Chuck Meyer will be
available for phone interviews beginning noon today. He'll be granting 15 minute on air blocks.
I thought of this you first when this very important matter came to light. Next week we hope we
hope to get avail from Tom Hopkins and Kevin Courtney Jennifer Rem is whipping Dick Cheney in the
dungeon. It will be unavailable till further notice. Andy Calb who's still wiping off his shoe.
Just a lick of the best talent. He don't give me no projects. Sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader. The biggest news. The biggest news. You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
This is Coach Dineshuler and I sound like Bob Hope on acid. And I want to tell you it's the 12-1 hour or whatever it is.
Today on TMZ workers filed out of Lehman Brothers with a history of their careers in their arms.
The investment bank filed for bankruptcy. Sarah Palin banking firms are going bankrupt.
Houses are going into foreclosure. If you are in the White House, what would you do to get the
economy back on its feet? Do things better. Okay, that's good.
Could you be more specific? We must do whatever it takes. More specific? We have got to have all
options out there on the table. And what are those options? Whatever it takes. What? There have been
mistakes made. Right. There have been flenders along the way. And what would you do differently?
We must do whatever. Oh please. Okay, I'll ask you a really simple question. Is Russia close to
Alaska? Yes. You can actually see Russia here in Alaska.
All right. I was busy throwing Schmidt-Kan in some stuff. Okay.
Okay. Good. Not the kind of papers you're thinking about.
Oh, and I'll tell you there's another one. It's an ad-packs.
Microsoft says, I'm going to have to go do a choice. Really?
When you screwed up my whole not you, but I mean that place screwed up my whole schedule.
The morning? Yeah. My bodily. It'll do that. It sounds like a lawsuit to me.
What? It'll do that. Well, no, I was in there shaving this morning. And of course, the first thing I do
when I get up every morning about 10 after 8 is I come in here and I turn on the lights and all
the stuff. And then I turn the TV on and I open up the pots so you can hear the audio like
I said presidential. Okay. Like that. Oh, hopefully not Tony Harris. And I'm standing at the in
the bathroom shaving with a with a face full of edge. Although I should have been using body wash.
I'm almost out of body wash. I think after woodbinder, I'm going to go get some body wash.
I'm almost out. Yeah. Anyway, so my blackberry buzzes and it's a message from you.
Right. Saying, are you feeding any making any noise up there? I should have said, yeah,
I make a lot of noise. You ought to hear it. No, I said yes as usual.
The TV audio was being fed down to you. And of course, that began all that technical.
So naturally I got to brush my teeth and finish shaving real quick and jumping a shower.
I didn't get a chance to do my morning choice.
Well, I'm somebody who's like pretty damn regular every morning like clockwork. Sure. Orange.
I remember I had a doctor, Dr. Joe Rock in Rochester. Doctors used to make house calls
those days. And as a kid, you know, I had all the childhood ailments, you know. And he had,
doctors would be like like a big black case, you know, with all the pills in it.
Do you know what I'm saying? Right. The doctor bag. I had a friend who had one of those
to take the parties. This is part of the deal. Rock. Can you believe I remember that? God,
what a memory for crap. Three page ad facts, web design essentials. You bastards. God,
you ought to rot and hell. You people sending ad facts is especially here.
So anyway, he, one time, once upon a time, I forget what I had, what my ailment was. He gave
me some pills, some antibiotics to take. And they made my, my waste material purple. Okay.
My feces, purple feces. I've heard of purple haze, but this is ridiculous. Look,
Rich will make it green. Oh, geez. In fact, a bit small, make it black, right? Black.
Oh my God. Maggie says you are too funny. I had to tell you, I listen to sports talk as often
as listen to your show and being a huge dolphin fan. I am. I name my new kitten Ricky. Have a great
day. Love your show. Thanks, Maggie. Ricky, Ricky, Ricky. I wonder if her cat's going to be
smoking the big fat one or have the urge at least anyway. Seriously, the fact that that was a
news story in a Sunsental and a Hero yesterday, that should warn everybody out there that the
final days might become and maybe Sarah's got a point because there's one thing we all know.
The media is sick and they help badly. By the way, she's still dead. Tammy,
what's Larry going to do now? Oh, sorry. Wait.
Jeff and Lottordale by the sea has got a nice, nice short,
asked, oh, so anyway, let me before I get to his email. Somebody sent me a thing,
overweight diners have it's a Chinese buffet. They're revealing. And the look kind of interesting.
There's a whole article here. And I was going to highlight it, but it was going to take too much
effort, you know, highlight and select and print. So I just figured, well, let me just try
printing out the whole page. Not only did it print out the whole page, but without any of the
chop-offs in the right hand column that I get when I do select and print. Okay. How do you like that,
Mr. Smarty? Hands. Very proud of you. Isn't that great? Well, did you know that?
Maybe. No, you did not. You're the one that's always given me, oh, select and print, select,
which I do agree with you sometime that that's necessary when you only want to print out certain
crap. What I discovered, now I'm not sure if this is going to work on all the emails, but I'm
going to try to, from now on, and it saves an extra step too. Give it a shot. What? I said, give it a
shot. Boy, this next break may come up a little early, Chris, you'll know I'm making a wild run.
All right. You're going to give it a shot. Not as fast as the run I made to the New York City when
I won the $80 billion it would buy. You better declare those taxes, Mr. You're going to go, yeah,
right. Go to hell. Jeff in a lot of day about the season 18-year-lister just checking in. Love the
show, be it emailers or callers, ditch mitts, callers. Keep up the good work and don't retire. Thanks
of piles, Jeff. Lot of day about the season. Don't say thanks of pile. Oh boy. No, you know how that's
that mind body game. Yeah. Mind body connection. Like when you're like going to explode and then this
is what generally happens to me, those four or five times in my life when I've had accidents in my
pantaloonies. Mm-hmm. We could witness what right now. What? We could be witness to one of those
famous accidents right now. Your witness? Mm-hmm. How about... Rackdom. Ask witness.
300-300-3 votes on the pool. I'll get to the overweight diners habits. I don't want to read that one
right now because it might stimulate my innerds. No, you the whole dealer screwed up my day.
Oh look at this. Here's a few emails. That's good. The punchline on the St. Lucy stories that the
firefighter who stole the leg trains could dab or searching dogs. She apparently wanted fresher meat
than the more it could supply. After the leg was missing a week, could not be reattached. The leg
owner is understandably pissed off. Yeah, after was missing for a week, they couldn't stick it back on
her again. What a crazy bitch stealing somebody's leg. Right? That's right. What a slut.
And here let me let me just try printing this thing out. I don't really need to. I could read it off
the screen. But this is just a test. This is a test of the emergency faxing system.
John from Sarasota. Oh how about those make-believes, huh? How about the Kujo? He thinks he couldn't stop a
bowling ball from 10 feet away. He couldn't stop a... What do they call those things? What? Those things?
Juggernauts? He couldn't stop nutting. Kujo. He's a hundred years old. Nice go on make-believes. You guys suck.
Anyway, look at this. The right hand still chopped off.
John from Sarasota. Long time listener. Way back to the WSU end days. How sad. I think Rachel
Maddo isn't that bad. Now see, here's how it works, John. I don't think she's that bad. Not I think
she isn't that bad. At least compared to Morning Blue, I mean Joe on the MSNBC. Yeah, Morning Joe. He
obnoxious, pasty-faced Irishman right wing pretending to be more moderate than he really is. When push
comes to show or the fascist news network, pick any show on Network John says. Think to the best
bits on the show are this is Eddie Guy and party. Oh. Now that's under party. Yeah, it says just
played the endless loop with generous portions of the Buffalo Bill and Moe Howard throwing. Have a great
life says John look out for the Bruins this year. Yeah, look out for him is right. Bruins suck
and the Leafs. Oh my god, they are so bad. Tragic. Gonna be a long year in Toronto. People are
going to be jumping off tall buildings. Let's see if the game is on again from last night.
Getting the playoffs. It's really giving him a chance to win. Oh, there this will be for the
read all his energy. Remember they had won the cup the year before. Yeah, cup this. Okay, so that's
John from Sarasota. We got his crap blank Sarah Palin book getting sales spike with upcoming
debate. The complete book of the collected wisdom of Sarah Palin. It's just the empty pages.
Interview request. Russell Blackstone. Here's a phone number. You want to call Russell? Will
interview him? No. Just a bunch of empty pages. Nice scam. Moron, you know that all Americans are
required to pay taxes in all worldwide and come gambling or otherwise just because you think you
can get away with it. Doesn't make it legal. I hope they arrest your ass at YYZ and you disappeared
to Guantanamo. No record of anyone by the name of Neil Rogers. We never arrested anyone by that name.
Prove it. Cute. Oh, I'm shaking in my boot. Das boot. Oreo cookies also make it black.
But there's nothing like the great daily birth. Daily birth.
I don't know what that means. I don't want to know what that means before. Somebody talking
about taking a dump. Daily birth. If that just got born, what I dropped in the bowl then oh, kill it.
Kill it. Oh, here's one from Chris. Really? Well, it's the fake Chris. Please do not go on
here with this. Please stop calling me fat. You are ruining myself as demon. I wake up every morning
scared to come to the station. I know that I'm a fat type of fat, but I can't help it. I get so
excited when I pass by the pizzeria ice cream parlour, sizzler, etc. I really enjoy working on a
show. I feel that I can't continue unless the ridicule stops. Please Neil, I'm sorry that I'm
a fat slab of a man. I also have a small penis. Please Neil, help me get better and stop making fun of
me. Thanks Chris. Okay. Oh, it's the fake fat Chris, not to be confused with. Let's see. Adam says,
I just don't get it. The Leafs haven't done Schmidt in 40 years and yet there are silly people,
not after night willing to pay insane amounts of money for a Schmitty product. I don't understand
whether they can't have three, four or five teams in Toronto, I'll on New York. You can't tell me
there are more hockey fans in a place like New York than in Toronto and surrounding areas.
IMO, what does that mean? IMO in my opinion. Oh, see I'm learning every day. Toronto hockey fans
ought to be pissed off and fired up yet year after year they put up with the same old volstment. IMO,
if investors Canadian ones especially love hockey so much and it's supposedly our national game.
Why haven't people like Rogers or Gretzky said, okay enough is enough we're gonna have three or
four teams with an hour or two of Toronto increasing profits and driving ticket prices down.
Anyone who explain this to me, I hate being in Toronto. I love Unials as Adam. Oh yeah,
likely story. See if the Picklebeer Adam, not the Pickle Patch. Now that's where Sarah hangs
up in the Pickle Patch. I'm gonna go to Los Angeles. Chris.
This is Neil Rogers. George.
Neil 560 QAM. The fourth leader.
The biggest names. The best talent. It's the mad dog.
You have to manage. Afternoon. Sport a seven.
The sports radio. 560 QAM. The sports leader.
Holy mackerel. This is Joe Bowen the voice of the Toronto May beliefs and you're listening
to the hockey authority Neil God.
I'm dying on the hands.
Clay is gay. No one was shot. He said he goes that way.
But now it's official that Mr. Aiken prefers the bacon on his buffet.
Clay is gay. It's not a big surprise we have to say.
Hopefully now that these out, he can relax about his back wax. It's the cliche.
No body really gives us glass.
Cause we knew we before spam a lot.
I'm so glad he finally came clean.
Cause he's known since 1813. Play his gay.
He's taking off his head a road to pay.
When he took the stage on idle, we all knew that in season two it wasn't gray.
Clay is gay. Now he can join a bathhouse in the bay.
There's no more worry about hiding his life or lack of a wife and that's okay.
All of his stress is behind him. Replace fire.
Head some guy near cheer. Now they can walk the streets hand in hand.
Or even join a boy band. Clay is gay.
You're fair.
Hit it. Pull it.
Yes. Clay is gay.
Come 17 at 560 WQAM.
Here's another email from Chris.
Now listen, these could be from him.
That's right. I see him over there typing.
Is he tapping and typing?
Feverishly.
I think it's the something international.
The big race Saturday.
It would buy.
Maybe that's why the hopper is going to be here.
Some big international race.
Maybe a Frankie Detroit will be here.
It would buy.
I know Justin's style will be there.
Hey Justin.
Oh sorry.
Fat Chris says, why did you go on here with it?
I'm so embarrassed.
I hate you.
Die.
Love factors.
That's pretty good.
You've got his voice down.
Now here's here's the email address.
Chris dot waelin dot wqam at gmail.com.
Oh okay.
That's your new email address.
Okay.
Oh we're going to be great.
These are great.
Just make a bunch of crap up.
Sure.
I'm going to start doing that.
Fox noise.
It's good enough for us.
Neil did you talk about the fact that the S-bag
Republicans including Lauren S.
Lambert crying over when I full being picked as moderator for the debate?
No I didn't rob in modern day because it's not even worth.
I wouldn't even waste my time.
My co-operman said last night her book in July.
The book came out about blacks and politics.
So it's no great news bulletin but they're just grasping desperately
for something new.
Oh geez.
They're results of bias.
They're going to be picking on Sarah.
Like that moron there.
Robyn why stop picking on Sarah.
Remember that idiot?
Uh huh.
Edward Schmecken who's still listening by the way.
Every now and then he'll get all whipped up and get a bunch of anger
whipped up in his ass and send me another one of those
caustic.
Oh you've got to retire.
Let's let the oh here we go.
Maybe this is him.
I've listened since before Zeta the show is very stale.
You just go through the motions.
There's no energy left in you.
George's boring.
Your low numbers reflect this.
Your politics are offensive.
You don't care anymore.
The beastly should pay you a lot less.
Oh no worry they will.
George should pay them to work there but have a nice day.
You were the great one once upon a time.
So was I.
I retired.
Maybe it's time for you to go too.
Says Julie.
Blow it out your ass Julie.
And she's still listening though obviously.
Oh and I hear you now let me let me print this one out.
I'm going to do the same thing I did before without highlighting.
It takes too much extra time.
It's your fault.
I know.
Just like that thing this morning.
Oh so anyway during the break I went in there and I tried.
No luck.
Oh no.
Mind over splatter.
Well I don't think I needed to.
Right.
Was it just a fart?
Not even that.
Wow.
How disappointing.
Okay let me there are a couple of these and today they're all like
combative 99% of them are like combative and like that which is good.
We don't need a whole bunch of ass looking although one at once in a while
and ass looking emails okay you know like liquid liquid liquid.
Riki Riki Riki Liki Liki Liki like let's do this one.
I heard you criticize in the herald and sun sentinel for publishing the story about Riki.
I agree that both papers are rags but I disagree with this particular criticism.
Even in the no I'm looking at a picture on here there's a picture on a side note
of you've seen the new photo of Barry Jackson in the updated herald website that's not
Barry Jackass.
But anyway.
Even in the midst of the offseason after the worst season in dolphin's history every dolphin
story on the herald sun sentinel and Palm Beach post shoot up to the most red stories on the
paper's website no matter what or when they write about the dolphins the story instantly
shoots up to the most popular list the public clearly cannot get enough dolphins coverage.
They're giving the public what they want by covering even the smallest dolphins minutia.
Oh god give me a break.
Riki had a urge he he was tempted.
He was tempted.
That's a news story.
See see that's the public for you.
Here's Pat or Dan or whatever's name is he says hey guys why you busted my balls on
our first and constructive suggestions about the show.
Oi.
Oi.
Yeah yeah I know hate is great and it pays the bills a started listening to you when I moved
to coconut creek back in 96 on i.o.d still enjoy listening to your show.
Don't let up on that phony cake makeup we're in two faceline arrogant back to the McCain
his choice for pale and for VP just goes to share what empty sooty really is.
I like Obama since he represents change but there's mess we live and won't really change
anytime soon we need to start now carry on Neil you're the best Neil God and then it says
Dan five I don't know I don't know what that means.
Like we're supposed to know what he's talking about.
Dan five oh Dan oh I don't know I don't know what he's even like the world we guess is out of here.
What that's it what?
Say what?
What?
Must be something from yesterday if he thinks you remember yesterday.
Well there's nothing in there now.
Neil at nearodgers.com it's been pretty spotty on emails today very disappointing.
I think I'm going to take tomorrow off just as a protest
and that bitch that sent me that hostel.
Oh your show is a shadow what it used to be in your dog is mailing it in and just going
through the motions and George blows.
Why are you listening bitch that's my question okay I don't want to be silly.
I don't want to be hostile.
Why are you listening bitch that's my question right?
Right it's like a dog barking at the moon.
Guess what the moon ain't going anywhere and neither are we we're going to be here another
five and a half year five and a third years.
The good lord Willem as Jerry Wisson used to say now he's dead.
I guess the good lord wasn't so willing.
Peter says Peter from Boka.
Have you ever wondered what the influence of the pharmaceutical industry is playing
in the mindset of the public.
More and more Americans today are taking drugs like Zola, Prozac and Zanax.
These drugs along with similar other over prescribed mind numbing scripts have turned most
voters into vegetables.
That can be the only explanation is to why people in general just aren't reacting
to the state of current affairs with any fear or concern.
This is one of the scariest times I've lived through.
The economy is critical.
The warlingers, the press aggastas through the roof,
McCain and Palin are actually considered viable candidates.
And the possibility of severe meltdowns in healthcare and social security are looming.
These are trouble times indeed and the public just doesn't seem that concerned.
How is this possible?
The only explanation that makes sense is that most people are dopes.
I mean doped up.
I remember hearing a news report a few years ago about the British government
conducting an experiment.
They actually put drugs like Prozac and the public drinking water supply.
I'm going to sneeze in a second.
I really think that this report was very telling.
When government seriously thinks they can influence the public state of mind with policy like this,
what does the future hold?
Death.
The Bush.
The Bush.
Yes.
The Bush.
This covertly America does this on the British.
Do this covertly America does it openly.
Every night, farmers and companies promote these drugs and the benefits they provide.
The results are the same.
A population of doped up monkeys that have no decision capacity at all.
This explains why sealant elections is safe,
along with all the other insane policies that just skate by the public with zero outcry.
How about the 4,000 dead American soldiers and a war based on lies?
Based on lies?
The weapons of mass destruction.
Oh, Saddam was in there with, he was taking showers with the bin Laden.
All lies.
And nobody cares.
Maybe this will help explain why most people react like dopeds.
They are dopeds, all doped up.
Love you and you'll keep up the great work.
So deep pressing, I think I'm going to take some Prozac and I might bring like everybody else.
Prozac.
Pete from Boca.
Prozac.
I'd take a caller too if there might be one.
QAM, hello.
We were once a purple species.
All of you out there were also purple species.
Thank you, Madame Chairman.
Isn't that sad?
It is.
I mean, it's just the, the North to describe it.
Taking a, a, an old, old bit, not even a bit.
Everybody who's for abortion.
Anything in on it was at one time themselves the species.
So, and that includes all of you out there.
You were once a species.
So we thank you, Mr. President.
And now, dinner will be served.
Oh, what?
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You don't get no rejects.
Fort rate of five sixty QAM.
The fourth leader.
I dumped the bitch right now.
It's a new, are you smarter than ever?
Great.
Tonight, are you smarter than ever?
Great.
Hi.
The mother of all contestants.
Our family has the same ups and downs as any other.
The same challenges and the same joys.
Sometimes even the greatest joys bring challenge.
The first ever Westbound Pony Express delivery started in Missouri
and ended in what US state.
The great state of Alaska.
Not smarter than a fifth grade.
Which of the following is a country in Africa?
Albania, Argentina, Algeria?
Canada, Mexico, and then, yeah, that trip that was a trip of a lifetime.
And we've got to keep an eye on Russia.
Not smarter than a fifth grader.
There are next door neighbors.
And you can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska.
I am so sorry.
Not smarter than a fifth grader.
You know, that last email that I read, it's true.
People ought to be like just throwing things out the window
and just going crazy over what's going on.
But nevertheless, oh no, whatever, whatever the media tells them is acceptable.
Oh yeah, well she's just wonderful.
The S&P is down 31 and a half points.
Even though the Senate overwhelming the 74 to 25 passed their version of the bailout bill last night.
Even though that was down 255, George.
And the boy stacks down 59.
And the S&P I'm sure is down 31 and a half point.
The S&P is down near the S&P.
Where's that A hole?
You probably killed himself.
And you know what, thank God.
Overpopulation, man, that's the biggest problem in the world today.
Too many babies crawling around.
Oh, but it said the newborn baby.
She's got a baby.
Oh, she said so many babies.
That's because she's busy screwing her brains out all the time.
Sarah.
Hey, Sarah, you're fairer.
So this guy who sent us the very Jackass, he sends it again, the picture.
I don't want to see very Jackass, Pally.
He says, what's the story with Fat Hank?
I saw him doing his ESPN broadcast from a new location.
It looks like he's doing it from a slum.
I guess he had to move to a trailer park now, no longer,
another no longer has any income from radio.
Or maybe he just made a bad bet on a horse.
He said the swallow of his product, except that a pay cut,
or at least he could have maintained some of his lifestyle.
And my opinion his radio show was unlistable anyway.
So what are you talking about him then for, huh?
See what I mean about these negative, sorry, people.
Hate.
Why even bring up the comment if you didn't,
and why were you watching him if you don't like him?
I'm going to see him on Saturday and I'm going to snitch on this guy.
I'm going to say this guy is an A-hole ripping you a fat ass.
I'm sorry.
How did he look yesterday?
You seen, say as usual, say as always.
Not as fat though.
Yeah?
It's fat.
I thought when I saw him on one of the racers last time, he lost.
I didn't lift him.
I didn't pick him up.
I'm an ass-gave you, lift him.
Can't you give just a civilized answer?
Do you always have to be a smart ass?
Yes.
I think some of these e-mailers that are ripping you an ass.
Or the ripping me too, but.
I think they have a point.
I think we're both nasty and wrong.
You know when people are fat like you, Chris, Hank, you know, 20, 30 pounds,
you know, I can't tell the difference.
What does that mean?
He didn't look any different from the last time.
What about Zach?
What about Zach?
Does he look any better than he did last time I see him?
He's actually lost some weight, yeah.
Because he's lost like a ton.
So now he only weighs two ton.
Right, he only has one extra chin now.
I see.
Gotta gotta move up and not down.
He was doing that the ludicrous crap again this morning.
He's killing that Joe Rocho.
Zach, he thinks that because Mo is long gone,
that he's got a free pass now, he's got a free ride.
And because he's servicing clearance on the weekends,
he thinks that he's got a free ride.
Gotta real surprise for you.
Better watch your back, Zach.
There's a lot of fat producers, you know?
I wouldn't be surprised if that Chris,
if that Chris volunteers to do Morning Show and our show.
Huh?
Imagine all the extra cash you'd make.
Oh yeah.
No, no.
You don't want to do the Joe Rocho?
No.
You don't want to be the one who calls what's his name?
Jerk Jerk Street on the phone and puts him on the air?
No.
You get to Shmoos and Luz with Jerk Jerk Street.
That's okay.
Here's Adam who's chronic, who says,
what do you think of these talking hits saying that Biden will have to watch out
and be careful that he doesn't get too mean with Paylon,
disenfranchised female voters?
I think that's a big load of Schmidt.
And Biden ought to stand up there and tell Paylon to her face
that she's a health-hating Nazi bitch
who has no business being that close to the leader of the flea world.
Also, don't forget to switch over to the Canadian leader's debate.
No thanks.
I don't need any help to sleep.
And watch that frog, Deon,
Parley has weighed down his Schmitter.
For once, I'm really excited
to see the Green Party candidate
is finally being allowed to get in debate.
What we do?
Green Party, my ass.
Oh, and by the way, for our friend, the Jane and Deerfield,
I'm still using body wash in the plastic bottles.
No.
You bastard.
I'm not recycling, okay?
And the thought of using a barra soap to take a shower with,
just a thought of it now is so Nazi
that it may be a one of them, it's just from thinking about it.
Neil, if you're having trouble shmitting a big giant spear of a spergus
sticking your toes to says,
keep what you're doing.
You're the best thing to happen to do in the last 100 years as anum.
Thanks, Adam.
And as far as the spergus is concerned,
rectum makes your piece smell bad.
I do like his spergus, though.
Yeah.
You know, I do.
Aspiraji.
See, when it comes to eating a Chinese buffet,
his normal weight diners have much different approach
from those of obese patrons.
Customers who aren't heavy are more likely to browse the buffet
before serving themselves, use chopsticks instead of forks
and sit with their backs to the food
to study by Cornell University's food and brand lab shows.
Researchers had 22 trained observers watch 213 patrons
at 11.
All you can eat buffet is a Chinese restaurant
around the country.
And that's what they found.
71% of normal weight diners browse the food offerings before serving
themselves versus 33% of obese patrons.
Yeah, the not fat people, they take their time and they look around
there.
Oh, maybe I'll have a little bit of this.
The fat people, we just dive in there.
Man, if it's edible, we just pile it on a plate.
Anytime you go to a buffet, you see, I mean,
a bunch of normal weight people,
but then you also see a bunch of really big, big, huge,
porky people disgusting.
27% of normal weight people show seats facing the buffet
versus 42% of obese diners.
38% of normal weight patrons said it a booth rather than a table
compared with 16% of heavy diners.
And 24% of normal weight people use chopsticks,
only 9% of heavy patrons did.
I don't use chopsticks as I don't know how to use them.
I don't lie in O'Lama.
Do you use chopsticks?
Yes.
You do?
Yes.
A whole.
I what?
What about you, Chris?
You use chopsticks?
Sometimes I'm not very good at it or something.
Overweight people said in average a 16 feet closer to the buffet
than normal weight people.
I love that.
That's funny.
Normal weight people chew each bite at an average of 15 times
compared with 12 times for obese people.
Start counting the times that you chew it.
Wow.
Anything that made the food more convenient to
be tended to be things that obese people did.
They said closer to the buffet,
used a fork instead of chopsticks and chewed fewer times.
Many of these patterns of behavior could lead to
overreating without them even realizing it.
Colin Payne, papers co-author and assistant professor
of marketing at New Mexico State University,
Lauscrusus says,
the take-home messages from the buffet study can apply
to other environments.
Thinking about what you're going to eat before you scoop it
on your plate and taking the time to chew your food
thoroughly may help you control your weight, he said.
Like nook in your ice cream, man.
I think that's very commendable on my part.
It takes that extra 85 seconds to nuke in my pint of ice cream.
Oh, and the hogan does came out with a new Mayan chocolate flavor?
Yearn?
No, not urine Mayan.
Oh.
Mayan and urine.
Mayan chocolate, it's pretty damn good.
It's unusual.
It's got like some swirls of mung in it.
Some string.
It's pretty good.
Different, different.
Because it was just regular chocolate, I'd say,
yeah, I'll pass.
Yes.
Neil, Sarah Pailin is qualified to oversee foreign affairs
because she can see Russia from her house.
Well, I can see the moon from my house.
Does that mean I'm qualified to work for NASA?
Excellent.
Good point, Peter.
Yes.
Sign them up.
He can see the moon from his house.
George says, this is from George Rodriguez.
Oh, what do I say?
I really think that was Chrissy Mealing you.
He looks like he's going to cry.
Keep calling him fat.
I'm sick of working with him anyway.
He sweats a lot and smells really bad.
I think it's him.
The bus!
No, it's Neil Rogers.
Fortleg, you're 5'60 km.
The fourth leader.
And now it's time for our long-distance dedication.
It's from Hank Goldberg.
Any rights?
Please play the air that I breathe.
And dedicate it to my Kim Bassinger blow up doll.
Very to an Eskimo.
Fortleg from Alaska.
A hot Kimoffimbo.
Sarah Sumpol through some colleges after leaving Idaho.
She met a guy named Pa, who's a drunken Eskimo.
She modeled in her bathing suit in a local beauty show.
Then she got a big and the media broadcasting force for old.
She ran to be the mayor in the town of 52.
Then became the governor of the state when the girls are few.
She kept the money for the care mark that she got up through.
And Sarah named her children trick and track and dignity,
where the battles are filling up with cranked in Wasilov.
Fortleg from Alaska.
Very to an Eskimo.
Oh, Fortleg from Alaska.
A hot Kimoffimbo.
Fortleg from August 3, 1985.
I love that, and that great.
That was wonderful.
I give that 85 stars on a skill of five.
That's how good that is.
Uncle's quizzling is back again.
Not much action on those emails.
I'll tell you that.
Got a call here, though.
Q-I-M. Hello.
Hi.
I got a jingle for needle.
Hi, Leo Jingle.
Hi, Leo.
Pa, Leo Jingle.
How's that?
One.
Hi, Leo.
Pa, Leo Jingle.
Yeah.
And.
Sorry about.
What is it?
I'm sorry.
Of course they have.
You ought to be.
Oh my god.
Anyway, Uncle's quizzling says the printing and outlook express
is controlled through Internet Explorer.
Oh my god.
Internet Explorer.
That thing is still around.
You can't get rid of it.
I'd like to.
Me too.
If you would like your emails to automatically print in a larger font
or set margins so they don't get cut off,
you need to change the setting in Internet Explorer.
I can send you more detailed instructions if you'd like.
I've done that change the setting of the margins 8 million times.
It doesn't do squat.
The right hand margin.
It just still wants to chop off.
Now when it chronicles out,
when I print emails out.
We'll play with it Monday morning if you remember.
We'll play with your margins on Monday morning if you want.
Oh my god.
Are you start with that stock talking end word?
Look what it is for Rick Riley.
The fair value is that.
Like that.
Like that.
What an idiot he is.
You know what?
I mean, I'm not going to knock him but he's an idiot.
But then again, he was in this business so you can't,
you know, he can't knock too much.
265 points on the downside for the Dow.
Aren't you depressed?
Oh, what are we going to do?
The sky is falling.
My bank is going first.
My money.
364 votes on the pool, not including drugs or alcohol offenses.
I break the law most often by speeding 157.
I bet you do.
Here it is like 1% of the population at speeds.
2% that go to the right speed and 97% go too slow.
Purple.
Oh, just enough to frost your ass.
Speeding 159, I never break any laws 53.
Yeah, likely story.
Not wearing a seatbelt 51.
Downloading music or audio illegally 34,
cheating on taxes 17.
Not picking up doggy poopy 16.
Having sex in public 13, like out on the street corner.
Running red light 6, littering 6, buggery 5.
Carrying a weapon illegally for it,
smoking and non-smoking areas only 2 out of 366.
What's our goal for this stupid ass poll today?
450?
Okay, yeah.
What do we do on the first one?
Are we doing over a thousand, thousand and 12, I believe?
Actually, we got to 1021.
1021.
So we've got damn near 1400 now.
Our goal for the day is 1500 for the day.
That would be a real barn burners.
But if you're a very weak response on the email, very weak.
WQ I am.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Today I called my Republican mother.
It was really sweet, but still a Republican.
I said, Mom, what do you think about McCain's plan to
invest, saw all the social security in the stock market?
You think you'd be doing well right now?
And I got to hang up.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, here's another one.
Well, I mean, he, you know, he's getting used to that sound.
How do you like that?
Mom hung up on him.
Nasty, hateful old bitch.
Let's face it, you don't want to vote for some sparsher.
That's what it's all about.
Then that's the bottom line with so many people.
Yep.
He'd be 60 points ahead right now with all the stuff that's
gone on and the way McCain made a jackass of himself last night
with a bailout rescue and Russian back in suspending his
campaign, which was a lie in the first place.
And then you know, cancelling on Letterman and saying that he had to go back to
Washington to be the one to help bail it out.
And then putting out an announcement,
congratulating himself for getting the bailout passed on the day that it got
defeated.
A total jackass he made of himself, not to mention the Sarah Factor.
The Republican Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Pailin had difficulty naming
a specific Supreme Court case she disagreed with beside Roe v Wade and a long
way to clip CBS News aired Wednesday night.
I mean, every clip they show of her is so embarrassing and they can't be making it up.
You know, it's actually her.
It's not Tina Faye, it's her.
The comments first before it by political came in an interview with CBS News
anchor Katie Kourk tape last week.
Well, let's see.
There's of course, in the great history of American rulings,
there have been rulings that's never going to be absolute consensus by every
American bailin said.
And there are those issues again like Roe v Wade where I believe are being held
on a state level and dressed there.
So, you know, going through the history of America, there would be others,
but can you think of any Kourk interjected?
Well, I could think of of any again that could be best dealt with on a more local level.
Maybe I would take issue with Pailin responded.
But you know, as mayor,
then as governor and even as vice president, if I'm so privileged to serve,
wouldn't be in a position of changing those things,
but in supporting the law of the land as it reads today.
Bap bap bap.
She's like Al Kelly.
She's a double talker.
Remember Al Kelly?
Yep.
Pailin's comments came in the same interview during which he gave a widely
pan answer on the economic bailout bill and had trouble describing John McCain's record
on regulation of the financial industry.
When Kourk posed the same question to Joe Biden,
he said he disagreed with the ruling that invalidated a portion of the violence against women act.
He is going to make mints me to her tonight and this business about,
well, he's got to be careful not to come across as being sexist and putting your dog
because she's a woman, you know, below any.
The gender isn't supposed to make any difference.
That's the whole point.
That's the whole thing.
Whether she's male, female or whatever, she's supposed to be one thing.
You know what that is?
Qualified.
Which she is eminently unqualified.
And of course that means that her mentor, John McCain, who barely even
knew her before he got, come on, before his aides came up with her name.
I mean, a stunt, a gimmick.
Oh, he always puts the American people first right.
It's strictly his political ass that he puts first.
Brackum.
And believe me, I'm sure I don't want to see that.
I neither did any of you.
Do you want to see his political ass?
Oh, no, thank you.
Oh, my God.
What a thought.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
What do you feel angry about, sir?
I mean, you mean what?
Hey, Neil, we've been listening to waiting for two weeks to hear from the
first like that you hung up on them.
What's that all about?
You were waiting for two weeks?
Yeah, we were waiting for two weeks.
Are you his boyfriend or his hand?
Are you his hand?
You hung up on him?
Yeah, right.
What's the deal with that?
What's the deal with?
We don't want to talk to him.
That's the deal.
Well, he's a jerk.
He's a jerk just like you are.
Well, come on, Neil.
That's not fair.
Not, listen.
It's not very nice to be a jerk, but that's what you are.
Anybody who's calling up to give me a song and a dance about why I won't talk to the
quarter-shlock guy, his boyfriend?
Gets yourself a new boyfriend, man.
Somebody that's got a little bit of sanity.
Get up to the 50 cent schlock guy.
We don't want to push you all the way up to the dollars yet.
Do you think that's about his level of 50 cent schlock guy?
Yeah.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This whole couple of things, this whole bailout that they're trying to do,
I was listening to a show guy who's kind of a little bit dry, but he went through the whole
history of the Great Depression and he was talking about how Herbert Hoover, and it was kind
of another real estate bubble that led to that, he was going to try and do the exact same thing
back then, was give the money to the banks, let them figure it out, and Roosevelt came in and
totally flipped that, gave the money to the people, and that's what actually stopped the Great
Depression.
And here we are following history the wrong way.
You know, it's that whole saying that they say if you forget the pasture, doing to repeat it,
we did that with Vietnam, and here we are in Iraq.
You know, it's amazing how we just keep putting our foot in it.
And I think that's exactly.
And you know how they try to scare you and say that if Obama wins, you know, you can
be the first black guy, it's going to be a dangerous thing for him.
I think McCain's more in danger.
Imagine if he wins, he's got his pale and fanatic.
Oh, yes, Sarah's a hell of a good shot.
He's a better shot than Cheney.
Oh, yeah, exactly.
And you've got these people with so-
kill abortion doctors, they blow up the, this like, McVeigh, they, you know, these are
Christian terrorists here that they do anything to put her in the presidency, including taking
out McCain.
So I think he's more in danger than Obama would be.
What do you think?
I think we're all in grave dangers, but I think,
call out to the bed.
We'll let you know what it's safe to come out.
See you.
Good luck.
How do you like that?
McCain's in grave danger.
He's going to croak pretty soon anyway.
He looks like death on two legs.
Hey.
384 votes.
What do we need for 1500 for the day?
Come on, Chris.
Put your, uh, quit sending me those stupid emails.
Oh, I was.
Then put your thinking crap or cap on.
There's nothing in the thing, by the way.
There's no emails.
We got through.
What did you say?
We had 10 what?
1021 and 384.
I do.
You're slow.
Oh, 1405.
We need 95 votes in the next hour and seven minutes.
We can do that.
We need 95 vote to give us 1500 on the day,
which would be a spectacular total.
I bet you that they beat near hearts out over there.
Ken Charles probably be killing little babies over there.
It's the cheap channel.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Lees bed.
Look what they did to poor footy.
God, I good close personal friend footy.
Just because he sucked on here and he had no numbers.
I mean, is that a good reason to fire somebody?
Times are tough.
People can't afford to be listening to jobs.
And today's economy.
That's right.
And today's economy, guys,
just because they're show sucks and they got no ratings,
can't afford to be put out on the street.
Especially a goofy old guy like footy,
he looks like he, he looks at least today over 125.
He looks bad with that red nose and that red pus.
Too bad you can't check out his website anymore.
I guess he still can.
It's probably still on there somewhere.
His head is red as a beat.
WDQAM Hello.
QAM Hello.
He'll.
Yes, sir.
I'm calling because I was thinking now,
whatever happened to that guy,
that was a co-host with Kim Volkamp.
Can he walk her?
Right, right.
He's still doing that.
He's on the post.
He's reading, he's reading three by five card liners on the coast.
Wow, wouldn't surprise me.
I was thinking because he used to do the hozzoffing games.
He used to be like the announcer on the, uh,
he's the PA announcer at the Dolphin Stadium.
That's correct.
Awesome. He's still doing that, huh?
He still sucks amazing.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, you, um, I need to dolphins.
Hopefully they'll win this week.
I mean, you know, they're the sleepers.
No, no chance.
No, all right.
You'll see he'll see.
Okay.
I'll see.
You'll see.
See, that's the one thing about the Dolphin fans is that,
you know, they always come up with this crap.
Now, the Patriot game, they all said they were going to lose,
just like I said, because nobody in their right mind
thought that the Patriots could possibly be that bad,
but they were.
I mean, how many, how many times can you run the same trick play
in the same game and have it work?
But, you know, Bella Chick was taking a nap.
And Matt Castle, why he looks pretty good.
He's, uh, he's a grade school.
He's a first grader quarterback.
What I do with those pictures of him.
Oh, don't tell, I, I schmit candem.
Oh, no.
Not those naked pictures where he had that thing hanging out.
Now they're gone.
I lost my naked pictures of Matt Castle.
Oh, no.
Yeah, somebody else could have gone.
No, I gotta go.
I gotta go.
Oh, my God.
And I threw the garbage out.
The maid came yesterday and she threw all the garbage out.
So I gotta go retrieve, I gotta go down to the dumpster,
downstairs in the bottles of the building,
and retrieve the garbage bag.
Oh, you're so sick.
Yeah.
And that's why you're listening.
That's right.
Because I'm sick.
If I was just a boring guy like footy,
I'd be out on a beach right now.
I'd be over down on Lake Ontario.
Spare some change, mister.
How's it going?
A boy, those leaves really suck, eh?
Pick his name.
The best talent.
You're his new projects.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
I am Miami for Lutterdale.
I am all a Spadano.
Since Phyllis neither has one.
Natasha and I no longer have to look for a motion squatter.
Instead, we listen to the near-roger's fairer and balanced one to two hour.
After blicklessly heeded staring at the dossier between Russia
and then go here and fight presidential mononiseira Payway,
Russia's top operatives.
After three huts are made.
Natasha.
Oh, there you are, darling.
Seriously, this is via being spied on by Governor Milf from Alaska.
Darling, that's not hard.
Perhaps.
But we don't like being stared at.
She looks from a window on the island.
Don't worry, darling.
worry.
She is about to take Washington.
Anybody can take Washington.
Yes, but I have a plan.
And that is?
Allow me to introduce.
Exploding snowshoes.
What do we do next?
We hire Musa Square as laviest to give snowshoes to Governor Milf as gift.
But precisely, having a snowshoes work, I must figure out.
You will.
Perhaps if I put them on like this.
We'll go for one, hello, through with our plan.
Okay, Jones, who are next at the show.
Sarah, through the looking glass.
Or Alaska, Palens.
And the Kingdom of the Crystal Net.
We'll got another email from Fat Chris.
Oh, boy, he's chronic.
Neilin and George, I'm glad the two of you find this amusing.
Let's see how bad you feel when I jump out the window.
I'm sorry if I smell George, but when you're as fat as me, it's impossible to wash airy orifice.
I think that's Salami.
I stuffed in my shorts also doesn't help.
Please stop being fun to me or I quit.
This is Fat Chris.
I got a weiner here.
I saw him out here later.
Schneider's weiner, I just nuke.
It's okay.
What do you guys have in there for lunch today?
Nothing.
Why is that?
Because we don't have lunch here anymore.
Let's see.
Why is the big one twice a day?
He sucks.
Thanks, Joe Bell.
Big fat sports loser, it says here with a phone number.
How to name?
Can he grahamers back hot dogs outside Philadelphia baseball
stadium because bomb scare.
Well, I got to print that out.
Do you think?
All right.
I never realized that all the OLD people are such big groupies.
Did you?
Yes.
You did?
Sure.
Even Andy Cal, but the fake Andy Cal.
The fake one, yeah, not the real one.
No.
Where did he wind up?
Didn't he like the president of ABC Newsmaking?
A lot of money and in charge of a lot of people.
He's a lot of...
He's a lot of...
He's a lot of...
He's a lot of...
He's like in charge of the...
Like ABC radio either the news department or...
Or just ABC radio.
You're actually kidding me.
He works on top of skyscrapers and a big fancy office.
That's a little suckhole, Andy Cal.
I'm sure.
Yeah.
Yes.
I hear his one.
It says that this video made me laugh.
You got to watch it.
Clip of...
While still a commission meeting.
Okay, well thanks.
But I'm not going to watch it.
Well, there's some really bizarre stuff coming here.
The ZAR.
Oh my god.
And let's see what this one is.
I'm so tired of hearing about this controversy.
To all you right-wing Bible Thumbna Gavius,
Roe v Wade is legal.
Get over it.
It says...
From somebody called the King of...
Swishful...
A wishful thinking.
Okay, let's see what we got.
After a...
Can I finish my Weiner first or what?
You can do it both at the same time.
Or I can't talk with my mouth.
Sure you can.
You've got it for...
Because your bell will send you another email.
How come I crossed...
I don't know.
I didn't do it.
I thought I crossed out the first break already in this hour.
I got stuff to do, man.
I got to take that damn Pontiac into the dealer
to have that thing fixed.
That's two o'clock.
And I hate driving that car.
Even in it really.
Even in pristine shape.
I just don't like that.
It looks kind of a crypt.
I haven't been on the inside of one.
But...
No, I'm not talking about the size of it.
I don't have a problem with that.
I'm not that fat.
Like fat crystal.
I don't know.
It's a four cylinder first of all.
Shouldn't that tell you something?
It's a pig.
I don't like it.
I mean, if I didn't have the vet here,
then I wouldn't mind it.
You know, it'd be a novelty.
But I got to take it, even though I don't want it.
And after a bomb skewer,
he filled it off his filly's ballpark.
I thought he's pointed the finger at a fuzzy green suspect.
The filly finesse.
It's a dramatic.
Hours before the filly's Atlanta Braves game last night,
a film crew shot a commercial in the mascot.
Smooth.
What does it say?
Something heavily wrapped hot dogs from a launcher.
Oh, shooting.
Heavily wrapped hot dogs.
But someone inadvertently left three of the duct tape hot dogs
outside the ballpark, sparking security fears.
Oh, stadium employees were evacuated.
And the bomb squad was called in.
See, this fits right in with my life.
See how life works?
Right.
That's my last winner, too.
Only after the packages were blown up.
What?
Did authorities realize they just exploded some sausages?
We saw something that looks suspicious, said Michael Styles,
filly senior vice president, administration, and operations.
We did the right thing and turned out to be nothing.
We could have gone over and picked it up and thrown it in the trash and been done with it.
But if we had been wrong, somebody might have lost an arm or a leg.
And then that bitch would have come along and taken the arm or leg home.
After the detonation, the game went on a schedule.
I'd rather blow up some hot dogs or some catch-up in mustard and relish
that have it be a real bomb, really, or something in Durban.
What's his name?
Sid.
I'd never forget.
Sorry.
Something in Durban.
Well, I thought maybe a fat Chris would know, but Durban, no idea.
Dick Durban, Illinois.
Bob B says, how do you attack a buffet?
Remember that?
Uh-huh.
Neil, how do you attack the buffet at the Emerald Coast, Neil?
How do you attack the...
Oh, what are these people trying to tell us?
I have no life.
Oh my God.
How do you attack the buffet?
Listen to some of my old CDs, Bob, says this weekend, I thought of a pool subject
that may or may not be of your liking.
Who's your favorite and not to who do you think is the best?
Who's your favorite guitarist of all time?
Short list of mine in no particular order says Bob B.
Short list.
Dwayne Alman, Jeff Beck,
Eric Clapton,
Al Demiola,
Eric Johnson, Jimmy Page, David Gilmore,
in relation to Doug Gilmore,
Pink Floyd, David Gilmore, Neil Sean from Journey,
Mark Farner from Grand Funk,
Josiah Trionney, Steve Vai,
V-Vesmer, V-A-I,
Steve Vai.
Bye-bye, Steve Vai.
Bye-bye, Steve Vai.
Oh, I can hear that.
Frank Zappa, Dwayne Zalzappa,
I'm sure your listeners have their favorites to add.
You like that greatest guitarist of all time?
Yeah, why not?
We haven't done that.
What about that Latin American guitarist, Andres Sagovia?
Okay.
No?
Whatever.
Andres Sagovia,
back in the day, was considered to be the greatest guitarist of all time.
What about Les Paul?
With the 8-Merry 4.
There you go.
There you go.
Vai Con Dios, remember that?
No.
Wait before your time.
Les Paul was the one who invented that,
what do they call the electric guitar?
The electric pickup.
But also the, where they do with their double tracks.
Okay.
You know what I'm talking about, multiple tracks.
He did.
The Carpenters used to do.
Like everybody does.
Oh, look at this.
Bro, can you lend me 15 large to son up for the Columbia School of Broadcasting?
Word is,
WKBW is looking for some voice over talent.
That's got a picture of footy.
Footsy.
Footsy with that red push.
Red is a beat.
Not embarrassing?
Quite.
And here's some clown holding up a poster that he
made.
It's got Bush and McCain.
And they're holding up a sign that says Bush equals McCain more the same.
And this group ball is staying there by the 8-26 by the Palmetto.
Somebody taking a picture.
Isn't that great?
Yep.
Well, thanks for the memories.
That's all that's in our, in my thing there.
And we got 52 minutes to kill.
That's pretty weak, pretty lame if you asked me for a Thursday.
I could understand, you know, the Jew holidays are over for Krenna allowed.
Until we get to Yom Kipper.
When's Yom Kipper?
The 8?
The 7th?
He's looking.
8th.
On Sunday.
Next Wednesday.
Next.
What?
Sunday on Wednesday?
Yes.
So Yom Kipper is almost a week away for Krenna allowed.
And that's an excuse.
Even the Goyam are Jewish and the Jew holidays.
Neil at neorongers.com.
Waiting for your persprication observations.
We got that big, great debate tonight.
Biden and Palen, Palen and Biden.
I guess maybe they're just Biden their time, you think?
WQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
This has been Krenna Kipper's mother.
Police not picking up out of there because he looks like
Peter's the puppet babies.
He also has...
WQAM, hello.
Not there.
WQAM, hello.
Ciguba, a form, a goss...
Yeah, speak it in English.
Okay, speak it in English, banana boat boy.
Get lost.
Call up Radio Mom Bee and start the Hakanah Trinak.
How are we doing on the poll?
40...
5... 6...
405...
406.
Yeah, pick up sticks, 406.
1021 and 406 is 1427.
Correct.
We still need 73 votes for 1500.
Not going to happen.
In 50 minutes, not a chance.
And you want to know why, and that's because the emails...
because the emails are like dropped off to nothing.
Maybe we ought to spin some wax.
Anybody play?
How many do I am, hello?
Neil, how are you today?
Good, great.
I do miss the phone calls, but not that much.
It was... I had an idea.
I'm one of the fans of some of the old bits,
and I know you can't play them, and that's about obvious.
But it's possible for a book of Brian,
maybe to get a flash of an idea to put
pieces of the old bits.
It's kind of like a reminder of some of me.
Like I was listening to one of your old CDs the other day.
Like a backpipe.
If you just came up like we're like velvet,
you know, we would all be remembered up the good times.
No.
I'm desperate. That's all I got to go for.
I really miss the old bits.
I think I really made a lot of you show.
Well, we can't play them, like you just said.
I know, but just a little reminder,
it's like a little tip of them.
What do you mean, little reminders?
I'll tell you what, here we go.
I don't need Tick-N-Tick to do that.
I can do that.
Hi there, boys and girls.
Okay, there's playing backpipes.
Here's sofa, King.
Here's a little that.
Listen to me.
There's your standbinds need for sofa, King.
There you go.
What, what else?
Prison bitch, you were playing that this morning
when we were trying to communicate.
Right.
What is it long?
But that's it.
What else?
What else can't we play?
Oh, you really want me to do this?
What's that?
I have a folder.
What's the M&M one?
Am I minus?
Yeah.
No, not Uranus, Mayanus.
Uranus?
That's it.
I have a forbidden folder here.
Let me try this out.
If you love geometry and the assorted G,
I can't play that.
Yeah?
Right.
No way.
What else?
Oh, here's the one.
We can't say the titles of some of these things.
That's right.
I woke up this morning.
That's it.
It's all we can play that.
And we just silly.
Bring back the memories of the stuff
that we can't play anymore.
What is that?
Let's sit around.
Wow.
Wow.
We can't play this anymore.
Hey, that's not fun to live.
She doesn't know about my home.
I don't know.
I can't play this much.
We can't play him.
The fourth leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the big dog, Joe Rose.
Weakly morning, 7 o'clock.
Sports Radio 5.
6.
Q.A.M.
Z.
Sports.
What is Potsnap good?
It's great.
Don't bow guard the joint.
One breath.
Pass it over to me.
Don't bow guard the joint.
My friend.
Pass it over to me.
Roll up this other one.
Just like the other one.
This is saying to be a pocket friend.
And I need another year.
Don't bow guard the joint.
My friend.
Pass it all around.
Don't bow guard the joint.
My friend.
Just bad and old now.
Roll up this other one.
Just like the other one.
This will see you about spending.
And I don't have another sense.
Don't bow guard the joint.
My friend.
Pass it over to me.
