No person that's having a murder right here, not generally best seen in the video.
Hey, it's Hano.
What on earth is Hano?
Everybody knew.
Yeah.
You know, I told you.
I'm a manist.
Best talent.
You're a listening person.
Well, it's Radio 516.
Radio 420.
You're a new AM.
You're fucked up there.
Radio 420.
I'm not a professional manager.
I'm a professional manager, Jenna.
You're a jack.
You're a jack.
You're a jack.
Jack's that's all.
I'm a fool for you, Paco.
You're a jack.
I'm thinking about ammonium pedal.
I'm, I'm a bad hero.
Shit.
I'm a bad hero.
I'm a bad superhero.
Chide me tonight.
It's 3 a.m. Hillary's fast asleep and I'm wide awake, but the phone finally stopped ringing. Probably curvail calling.
Now you listen to me. This woman hears that experience sleeping in the same bed as me.
And I was there most of the time so nothing qualifies her more to be president.
Anyone to doubt she has the experience to leave, just take a look at here, the size of that number.
If it just turned her over here, pull her jammy bottoms down here so you can get a better look.
Don't worry, ain't nothing gonna wake up in the old cow. There.
Now you see if I'd ask, I'll see you at Candace. That's why I keep a set of finger paints nearby.
She hates it when I do this, but I can't resist finger painting her eyes.
Now I'm gonna paint a smile at the face on this cheek here.
Uh oh, look at him, what happens when he makes red and blue together? You get brown.
You gonna spread that all over? Yeah.
Ain't she gonna be surprised? Oh, you're awake.
Oh, go home back to sleep. I want to finish finger painting your fat eyes.
Welcome.
10 out of 560, WDQM, I'm George Rodriguez, Niel is on the road.
I mean, what was that all about? Talk about living in a bank?
I thought everybody knew. I told everybody before I left here yesterday.
I guess so. Exactly what?
That you'd be back on today.
Yeah. That I turned around and came back. I got as far as Niagara Falls and I said to myself,
I don't think this is gonna work. Yeah.
I mean, I can come down here, but it'll be on a big old plane, you know.
I don't fly one of those airlines that keeps canceling all the flights like one more.
Like that. I was gonna say which one.
Yeah, do you be more specific?
Well, I see, I don't know what you told the audience yesterday where you told anybody else
because you've got a big mouth, right?
I will give them that.
After we directs them pool.
They finally got a great pool, although it wasn't yours. Somebody got it.
Somebody got it. Of course. Yeah.
Sean, I think so. And Charlie B. Thank you, Charlie.
He's back in Niagara Graces because he sent a bunch of pools and the one is really pretty good.
I put up there for tomorrow.
But we'll get to that eventually.
Oh, there he goes. The pool is again with the numbers. We don't care.
Oh, speaking of that, oh, we got a dead lady.
Hank Aaron's mama's dead.
Oh, gee. Aren't you upset?
I didn't even know she was sick.
Well, she's a bea. She won't be sick again. Now hold on.
Why didn't she say how old she was?
Her age or cause of death wasn't immediately obvious because Hank Aaron's got to be pretty old right now.
Anyway, he's got to be pushing what? 60? At least 65?
He must have been old lady.
Old enough. So when you know, you croak, I mean, if you die when you're like 27 or something or 35,
then oh, my God, they were so young.
But if you die when you're like 87 or 97, well, that's old enough. Right? Like my mom.
91 was old enough.
A new poll before we get to your polls, you just Barack Obama's gaining ground in Pennsylvania.
Oh, two weeks before the Keystone State Primary, the Equinepiac University poll shows sweltery still out in front among Democratic voters.
53% favoring her, 44% said Obama.
So it's what I say. Now I said that wrong. 50 to 44. She's got a six point lead.
Clinton's margin in the survey has been shrinking over the past few weeks. It's shrinking, baby.
You ever see it shrink? All the time.
Mid-March, he had a lead at 12 points last week that had dropped him young and now it's six.
It's dropping like a boulder, like a bowling ball from the top of the Empire State Building.
The poll suggests that Obama remains more popular among Pennsylvania's black voters. 75 to 17.
Clinton does better among whites. 56 to 38. Not that it's a racial thing, you understand.
As in past surveys, Clinton leads among older voters and abamilies among younger ones.
Old Farts like sweltery.
Wow, he likes sweltery.
So that's the new deal. He's only six behind and we still got what's today today?
The ninth, we got the 13 days. Two weeks from yesterday is the Pennsylvania primary.
As the screw-up system continues dragging on and on and on.
Okay, here's the poll from yesterday. Which actor has been most typecast by a character here or she portrayed?
Excellent poll question. You got 800 and some odd vote.
What do you got now, Chris?
I have 837.
831? 837.
Wow.
You put that thousand in.
I put that on that other really good one, the Charlie B poll.
I don't know how he survived those two months with Charlie B in Europe while he was screwing around.
I wonder who he was screwing around with.
Now really, I really don't care.
James Gandalfini, Tony Soprano, 103. That's all he'll ever be.
Bob Denver, Gilligan 92. That's all it ever. Is he dead?
Yeah.
Bob Denver?
No, I don't think so.
Bob Denver is not dead. What a shame.
Too bad about Hank here.
What do you ever do to you?
I don't like him. I didn't like that show.
Well, you like that show?
No.
Oh, there's no way out of people.
The number second, 2005.
Dead.
Right?
See.
Told you.
All right, then.
What do you know, Mr. Highshot?
That'll happen.
You even know that I'm back on today.
Who?
William Shatton or Captain Kirk, 88.
No, I don't know about it. I can't agree with that because otherwise he wouldn't be doing all these TV spots.
Does, but I'm sorry.
No, I'm always seeing him on the spot.
He's very, he's funny.
He's a funny guy.
He isn't funny.
He kept in jerk.
No, the way.
Anyway, whatever you say.
Adam West is Batman. Oh, yeah, 54.
Tony Perkins is Norman Bates, 36.
Tony Perkins was very gay.
And now for he did.
Henry Winkler, Fonzie, 35.
For she's something else.
Sean Connery, James Vaughan, 35.
Jim Neighbors, Gomer Piles,
because he laid East 34.
Don Nott's, Barney, 531.
See, that's only for the people who aren't old enough to remember Don Nott's on the Steve Allen show.
On Sunday nights, 100 years ago, he was very funny.
And so was Louis Nye and Tom Poston and all those guys.
And now Tom Poston, what show is he on or what's he on for a long time?
The Bob Newhart show?
Well, he was on that, but more recently.
But anyway, next, Bear Jr.,
it shows you like, like, it was a funny show, so you wouldn't want to watch it.
What show?
Beverly Hillbilly's.
Yeah, like I said.
It was a very funny show.
I wouldn't watch funny shows.
I know.
Carol O'Connor, RT Buckert, 27.
Teaching Sean as in Teaching Sean, 26.
It only, Al Bundy, 25.
Now, if you like that show, oh.
Oh, it started out funny, then it got old fans.
Julia White, Irkall, 24.
Mark Hamill, Luke Skywalker, 21.
Poor little Mark.
He got all smashed up in his core bed and he put his face back together again.
And he still looked pretty good.
He was kind of cute, see Mark Hamill.
Now he's probably 80 years old.
Very cool, man.
Arnold's 19.
Marlon Brando, Don Crowley's 19, we've said yesterday we don't buy that.
I mean, sure, that's the first thing.
And because we're so Godfather intensive on this damn show, it's like, we're off the old-
Betty movies.
Right.
Like, uh...
You cannot do like a man!
What the hell is good?
Like that.
But he was in so many other movies like On the Waterfront and 80 million other ones.
Last hango in Paris.
Erie Coleman Arnold, the Marlon Brando, Don Crowley's 19.
McColley Culkin, Home Alone, 15.
Fred Gwyn, Herman Munster, 15.
He looked just like John Kerry.
Or was it the other way around?
Barbara Eden, Genie, 14.
Jimmy Walker, JJ Evans, 12.
Red Fox, Fred Sanford, 11.
I thought they would like the same person.
You know what I mean?
Don Adams, Maxwell, Smart, 11.
Alan Alder, Hawkeye, Pierce, 8.
Sherman Humsley, George Jefferson, 8.
We just were listening to the Jefferson's only moments ago.
In fact, you know something?
I bet you maybe there's another episode of it on right now.
Let's see.
A lot of times they put those on back to back.
But with my luck, they're not.
Oh, more equipment is on the WPIX right now.
Well, let's get that off of there right away.
Um...
Andy Griffin, Sheriff Andy Taylor, 8.
Richard Thomas John Boy from The Walton 7,
with that awful thing he had.
What do you call those?
Not a word, but what is that?
Mole?
A mole.
Mole the size of a stessa.
There's some states like Rhode Island.
They're smaller than the mole on John Boy's Puss.
John Cazal, Frado 5.
And yesterday we had Dog Day afternoon on there.
Addica, addica!
I love that scene.
I don't love the movie.
The movie is pretty.
It's okay.
Did you like that movie all that much?
I like the fight.
I mean, it was okay.
But David DeCrovney, Fox Molder 4.
Well, what is that?
I never watched that.
So he gives me the horrible show, yes.
What was it?
X files.
No, the X files.
Damn, that's gone, I hope.
Andy Griffin, Matlock 3.
Kim Fields, 2D from The Facts of Life 3.
What about 2D Fields?
Daniel Radcliffe, Harry Potter.
Oh, and I was forced to watch you with the Pacquist.
They've on an hour of a Harry Potter movie.
I'm really sorry about that.
Although I will say this,
since that one person insisted on saying you that picture of him now,
almost naked, he's grotesque now.
I mean, Boney and Harry and gruesome.
But he was kind of, he didn't look too bad in this movie from a few years ago.
All right.
Didn't look great, but at least he looked human.
Now he looks so human.
Daniel Radcliffe, Harry Potter 3.
Fade out of way, John Crawford 2.
At Tony Randall, Felix Under 1.
He's dead.
Well, look at all the dead people on this.
Andy Griffith, he must be dead, right?
No.
No, Andy Griffith is dead.
Oh, no, probably got a little bit of a bodyguard.
You said the same thing before about Bob Denver.
He's dead or not going ill.
You don't know he is dead people, man.
No, I started talking to you dead.
I don't hang out with as many carcasses as you.
Andy Griffith is still alive.
All right.
All right.
We're one for one.
Matt Lock.
Oh, my God.
I never watched a minute of it.
Now, putty Epson must be dead, isn't he?
Oh, I sure hope so.
I think he died a year while back.
Oh, Barnaby Jones always gets his man.
What was that guy's name?
Ross, something Ross from Ronald 7.
Yeah, Ross Morden.
Even that David Ross.
Ross Morden.
Spencer Ross.
Ross Morden.
Ross Bill Ross from Tough Name Bill.
Bill Ross from Channel 7.
He was the booth announcer.
He did all the voiceovers.
Barnaby Jones always gets his man.
Remember, Channel 7 had all those...
Yeah.
Cannon and all that stuff on there.
That's before they became schlocks.
Before they became the hyperventilating WSVN.
So anyway, that's George's poll.
Now, our...
Oh, I don't can't tell you.
It's the one for tomorrow.
All right.
I almost, you know, went past.
But, during George's this Friday at Gulf Stream 10-2,
and then Saturday 10-2 for the Grammy Opening of Comp USA.
At 1740 North Federal Highway and Fort Lauderdale,
come in for great savings on all your computer needs,
and win some cool QAM prizes.
Comp USA is back.
This Saturday with George 10-2 noon.
Then I say 10-2, I'm sorry.
Whatever.
Or maybe if you say 10-2, I'll pay extra.
So George, you got two things this weekend.
So when you see the Gulf Stream, borrow some money.
Do you have no?
No, I don't.
Or, I don't have money.
And bring your half-side and maybe you share the money.
Plunge your brains up.
Beyond God.
Welcome to another edition of
A Truth Beep.
The final edition of the Jack Show.
No, no, no, no people.
Both people by the roof.
I ain't going anywhere.
In a room, I'm yelling a little bit.
Yeah!
This here's your trophy, Tunga, from the Funga.
For wrap your brain around the labyrinth of nothing,
but be babbling about the heat.
The fantastical basketball team was a fabulous,
exbistical.
I think that's all I ever talked about.
Well, I got news for you.
I got your love right here, homie.
Well, I can talk about bloodshed,
and I've got a lot of other to this.
Bores, who's the meat?
How about that, huh?
How about that game last night?
Huh? How about that?
I only want to talk about b-ball.
How about that?
Because I have a dream.
Exbistical with the heat.
How about that?
I've been radio-long enough to know
that all the insons have explained to me.
You are a crazy mod, and the only thing I've concerned with.
How about that?
So the room is down.
How about that?
I ain't got nowhere.
How about that?
Now, stand back.
Stand back.
You hear me?
Uh-uh, bust a cap in your head.
How about that?
You found me.
I thought I run you.
How about that?
Oh, wait a little bit.
I got a reload decor.
Ten, eighteen, and five, sixteen,
WDQM.
If you like that, you'll hear lots more
that to the 7-new, the Jerk Show. It's still on on WDQ-RM.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. Then we got Mad Dog at Augusta for the Masters at the
4-7-new until 6-55. And then 6-55 we got UNFAU Baseball.
Oh my god.
Followed by the D-A show. Well, what I'd tell you about Hank here, and I was under
estimating. I was lowballing if I can say that, as Stella Erwin, the mother of
baseball hall of Famer Hank Erwin, has died, Susan Bailey, assistant to the former
brave star set Tuesday. The funeral will be Saturday in Mobile Island, Alabama, where Mrs.
Erwin lived most of her life.
Funeral home officials in Mobile said she died Monday in Atlanta, her age or
closet had not immediately available yesterday, but he's 74. I just googled Hank.
So she had to be 90-something, right? At least.
Well, that's old enough. Stella and Herbert Erwin had eight children, including Henry and
Tommy, who also played with Milwaukee and Atlanta Brazen, died in 84. Tommy Erwin, I remember
him, I'll fuel her.
Henry Erwin broke Bayboots' career record of 714 home runs, April 8, 1974, at Atlanta
Fullton County Stadium, and I remember they called by a what's his name.
I had him on my show as a guest one time in West Palm Beach with all his name, at least
due to the Braze games. I don't know.
So it also worked with Harry Curie for one of the hated and shovel-like poison. I can't
think of his name, damn it.
Hi, Michelin.
Hi, Michelin.
That's the guy.
Well, I can't believe I got a brain fart on that. He was good, too.
Anyway, Hank retired with 755 marks surpassed by Barry Steroid-inspired bonds of the
John's Last Doggers. That should have 400 asteroids next to him.
My old Hamilton, that's what I'm thinking of.
Well, it's a good thing I remember that. It's real bad when you get to be an old fart,
you can't remember what their name is like that.
I remember where I lived, though, yesterday I turned around and came back. I got all
the red and I had the balls and turned it all over. I did make a pitch stop at a wood
back, one 800 bucks.
All right.
See there?
That was going to pay the waste of the gas.
What?
It wasn't a waste of trip after all.
So what did you reveal? What did you really yesterday?
I said that you were driving down here. It would take you a couple days and that you'd
probably be in town on Thursday. If you made it, if you weren't, you know, a car jacked
or crashed or other unprocessed variables or a car came down or who's down, those are
drove off Niagara Falls. I said, I didn't know, but that's the plan.
And so I'll be able to go to the falls.
They have like a tourist, like a rest stop place, not a rest stop, but what do you call
those places where they have all the restaurants inside and the pee rooms and stuff?
A rest stop.
A rest stop, tour site.
Like a big fancy rest stop there when you almost get to Niagara Falls on the clean list
of his way.
Like a service plaza?
Yeah, like that.
Only much bigger, huge.
And I went in there and peed.
I didn't eat any food, though, you know, because if you're going to be driving a long
way, you don't want to like out in the middle of nowhere when you got the next rest stop
is 150 miles all of a sudden.
You know, that you know me, I have the position.
Right, that's right.
Right, so keeping that in mind, I didn't eat nothing.
And I sat there and I sent a couple of text messages and I thought, well, okay, the
coast is clear, I guess I'll turn around and go back, but a pit stop at Woodbuy would
be nice.
I was down to 100, I hit a thousand on the wheel and I ran out.
I've had to say there are not too many people that if a thousand on the wheel was off
in his eye, but I've been playing the damn thing for almost four years.
And when I came back here, guess what was waiting for me?
That brand new backup power supply unit.
Woo!
That only weighs about 6,000 pounds.
In fact, what I managed to do was to sit it on top of the old one, which is unplugged.
Now maybe that's not good.
I don't know, I can't see any reason it would be a problem.
Can you?
Nope.
But I had to do that because I couldn't both move the old one out of the way and push that
one in there just, I don't know if I can explain to you, but there's just too much weight
involved there, I couldn't do it.
So I did manage to like yank it on top of the old one.
And there it sits and the old one lasted for a little over six years and this one if it
lasts as long as it should be just about right, that should be the last one.
You see what I'm saying?
It should be just about right.
So here I am.
Hey, I'm not there driving down there and I'm not coming down there and all these, you
know, it's just amazing to me the crap that goes on.
All you do is spread a little or something, oh, new old stuff.
And right away the engineers are running around trying to fix stuff that they won't
do.
Listen, you know what I'm higher this is that the screen isn't focused that you can actually
read it now.
They won't do it for you.
That gives me a real strong idea of what they think about you.
I know what they think about me.
Very clear.
Like that, yes.
Raspberry.
Uh-huh.
Well, that's not good.
So Friday, Georgia will be out of Gulfstream and this time I'll be here as far as I know
unless I hit the highway again.
And isn't it interesting because yet Monday, was they just telling you on Monday that at
any given day I might just hit the highway and take off and disappear like that?
You did.
Not that I was going to disappear, but yeah, I did.
You just reach a point where certain things, you know, get to you and say, I just can't
take no more of this crap.
You know how that is.
Oh, yeah.
Oh my God.
Well, I got a whole pile of stuff and it's a damn good thing I worked feverishly to
create a pile.
Yeah.
Oh, because when I left here yesterday, I threw out everything else that I had.
I have a big stack of stuff here just in case.
Case I needed during the show and I threw it all out.
I smirked it.
So I had to start from scratch.
Been a long time since I done that since you scratched it.
Since I scratched it.
I Charlie B's got an excellent pull for tomorrow.
I haven't even really thought about it.
What that you aren't would you most likely to be for a day.
I'll tell you one other one we ought to add on there.
Rich.
Yeah, right?
Sure.
Even if it's only for a day, I know somebody could do a lot of spending in one day.
Oh, and has and will continue.
I'm sure till I go broke.
So when we get the pull up, be sure to add that.
Don't forget Chris, that's your assignment.
It's already had that.
It won't be that long either because you're moving toward a thousand real fast.
That's already added.
875.
Now, how do you do that?
Like magic?
Is that like another magic trick?
Well, that's the next one up.
Are you putting it?
It's a technical thing.
Don't worry about it.
Oh, okay.
So you got that on there.
What that you aren't would you most likely to be for a day will be tomorrow's pull.
White, black, Latino, Anglo, gay, straight, male, female, young, over rich.
What about circumcised?
They put it out there.
How about if we put them both on there?
Okay.
Uncut and circumcised.
I don't want to put cut because that doesn't mean, you know.
Right.
Like they were like that.
They were like, they mean cut.
Like with a knife?
Yeah, with a knife.
With a sharp, with a knife.
Well, we're changing things around.
How about drop the O from Latino so that we're staying in English?
Well, you talk about a nitpicker.
I don't know.
Anybody in the universe?
No, seriously.
The word is Latin.
Let's say they're speaking English.
No, Latino is a person.
They're going to say such a word as Latin.
There are Latin people who like that term and refer to themselves as such, but the word
is Latin.
Since we're speaking English.
Okay.
What?
First is one time I'll let you ask me about my business, Kay.
I'm going to have to join here in a minute.
Really?
Since you made such a big issue, and I think you did it.
I already took care of my issue.
No, seriously, responsibility.
Because you want to make a big sinless, I don't know, one of your wife hates you like poison you.
She doesn't hate you.
You can argue about anything.
Yeah.
But she doesn't hate you.
If you found like our hair on the counter there, and you could argue with Chris about whether
it's brown or black for like about three hours.
If somebody was using the wrong word for something, you'd correct me.
I don't see that it's the right thing either.
I don't see the word or can't.
But it doesn't make any difference.
It does.
What would you like most to be for a day?
Latino.
Latin is the word in English.
I actually use a Latin and a non-thing.
What?
Latino is the spirit of the word.
I'm not going to use the Latin.
No, nobody cares.
Okay.
You will argue about anything just for the sake of being argumentative.
No, I won't.
Just for the sake of being hard ass.
You're being hard ass.
No, I won't.
Am I right, Chris?
You got hard ass or what?
I have absolutely.
I have thieves about the English language.
What do you Americans going to learn to speak English?
870 egg votes on Chris's poll on a really nifty Wednesday.
We got jerks coming up into a clock.
What more could any human being want?
It's probably some meat's best.
You know his new logic.
It's 4.25.
62 AM.
The sports leader.
Yeah, kid, baby.
Ellie and Spencer may show the goodies.
Really post-work playground magazine.
Oi.
We see enough political warnings.
Women would rather see Charlie Sheen.
Would he keep his goofy socks on?
With his bunch of boxer shorts?
The former governor, Ben Wong, might not have time.
He'll be dealing with the courts.
He certainly not.
He looks like he needs a shower.
Girls don't want to see his body.
Unless he pays them 4,000 bucks in a heart.
Do you think Ellie and Spencer will show his man brain?
Would he make a sexy setter fall?
I guess it would be better than McCain.
I bet his guy stuff is growing mold.
Ellie and Spencer is depressed.
His friends say he doesn't smile.
So showing his little boy chest might make him feel better for a little while.
You're fair.
What if you were a good shopping?
And you spot the playground magazine?
Then imagine yourself stopping.
And I'll find you have to stop and gag through.
You think Ellie and Spencer will show his weenie?
I got nothing more to lose.
Unless it's skinny like going weenie.
Or perhaps it's smaller than some cruise.
1032-560-WDQAM.
You're going to love this story.
Can't wait.
Before I get to it let me ask you this.
Did you ever think at any point I was going to be able to drive 23 hours?
I didn't know what to think.
I just went based on what you were saying.
I did think he's going to make it all the way down here.
He's going to get to a certain point.
I don't know if I'm going to hop on a plane or something.
Who knows?
Who knows?
That's what I was thinking.
Here's this story by Nick D. O'Leane from the roster.
He's a crazy person.
I've been telling you for a long time.
There's no doubt.
John McCain's campaign is lasting out at a shocking report of his red face
expletively to the entire rate aimed at his wife.
That we talked about yesterday.
Or that day before when I was actually here.
Meanwhile, the Having Been poster reels another nugget from Cliff
Shecter's new book The Real McCain, which details a physical confrontation
between McCain and another congressman.
Perhaps the most remarkable story of McCain's temper involved Arizona
congressman Rick Renzi.
Two former reporters covering McCain, one who witnessed the following events,
and one who confirmed the facts provided by the first, related to me as follows,
says Nick, in 2006.
The Arizona Republican Congressional delegation at a strategy meeting,
McCain repeatedly addressed two new members, congressman Tenth Franks, and Rick Renzi as
Boy.
Finally, Renzi, a former college linebacker, rose from his chair and said the McCain,
you call me that one more time and I'll kick your old ass.
McCain launched it, Renzi punches or throwin' and the two had to be physically separated.
After they went to their separate offices, McCain called Renzi and demanded an apology,
Renzi refused.
Apparently, this poster made McCain admire him as they became fast friends.
Also included in the book is an anecdote from a 92 campaign stop,
related to the author by three sources.
McCain's wife Cindy Teasing about his thinning hair at which point he lashed out,
at least I don't plaster on the makeup like a trollop, you see you next time.
Can't say the C word.
Ross Dorey called McCain's campaign for comment before revealing the anecdote
yet a Monday morning nobody ever called back, but the campaign has seen
fit to decrychecters reporting in the interview with New York gossip column.
Calling to book trash journalism, McCain spokeswoman Jill Hazelbacker tells the
Daily News's Russian Maloy the story of McCain firsting it as wife is completely
fabricated.
The campaign hasn't yet weighed in on the report of his scuffle with Renzi,
checked to respond to the accusation on his blog.
No surprise here he says it's far from the first time the Maverick has made himself into a liar
and today's opening statement to General Patreus once again showed him won't be the last.
I have hit McCain with a bit of that old straight talk instead of lying about me
because of it he should try it sometime.
How about starting today when we're trying to find a solution to this disaster he helped
create a Mesopotamia.
Hopping in post-reporter Sam Steyn notes that the books new reports on McCain's
fire re-temper are well supported by other accounts of his losing his cool.
Anacodes like these would stand out as highly abnormal if it weren't for McCain's history of similarly explosive behavior.
Oh there's a...
Dumbbell.
The early efforts have filled it promising.
As I was watching the magazine documented and checked your notes in the book,
McCain once scuffled with a sentence that old as members stromthurmin during a
send-off from services committee hearing in January 95.
Can you just see that?
I'm gonna kick your ass you old fart.
I can see it.
Three years later the AP article reported McCain dropped the F-bombs in at least three fellow Republicans.
He once retorted to Iowa Senator Chuck Graschley, I'm calling you an F-ing jerk.
And an opinion piece last year on salon.com, Sydney Blumenthal, not advisor to Senator Swarovic Clinton,
wrote that McCain once told Senator Ted Kennedy to shut up on the center floor,
referred to a fellow Republican as a Schmidt hit,
and offered a downright vicious and w-offensive joke in 1998 Republican fundraiser
about then-first daughter Chelsea Clinton.
You know why Chelsea Clinton is so ugly he asked?
Because Janet Reno is your father.
The anecdote...
The anecdote in the real McCain about the candidates tirade toward his wife was confirmed to
check her by three Arizona reporters who have been covering the candidate at the time.
He told Ross Story Monday he was fully confident of the story's accuracy,
wouldn't have included it otherwise.
I've uncovered a lot of stuff that I can't even put in the book.
He said, how do you like that insane McCain?
Like that. So that bomb bomb bomb Iran.
That's just not an abnormality or just something out of the ordinary.
That's him.
He is a certifiably crazy person.
That's the best of the Republican party can come up with by the law.
Bomb bomb bomb bomb Iran.
Oh let me tell you somebody else who is a become totally insane
and who's so full of himself he's nauseating.
I just like him actually a little bit, and it's just even sure.
He's making a comeback now.
Oh yeah, he's making the hit in the rounds now.
I've got a note to book out.
And talking about the dictatorship of the two party system and how they're all...
I have a lot of what he says is true, but he's just so full of himself
and about how he was a Larry King and 88% of the people said they wanted him to be running for president.
But a beep bit a boop bit a boop and he's going to show them.
And MSNBC had to pay him off for three years because he was against the war.
Three interesting because Keith Obramon is violently...
anti-boshing anti-worn. He's on there.
Not only every night, but the repeated show now like three times a night.
Because he's the only hit show they've got.
So if that's the reason it took Jesse Ventura off the air...
Yeah, I think the reason they took him off the air is because the show was a disaster.
Yeah.
He was on one night.
Remember that?
He was on once.
And I was the other to Jesse Ventura show.
Everybody's a blockcaster, maybe everybody's a TV star, but he wasn't.
He's just a legend in his own mind Jesse.
And he did this in Minnesota and he did that and blah, blah, blah, blah.
He's got a swell head in case you never notice.
He's got a big head.
Yeah.
He makes their roses head look like a pimple.
That's how big his head is.
899 on your pool.
But you're going to go over 900 in a second here and you're well on your way to an early thousands of days.
This must be a good poll for a change.
I think it is.
I mean, huh?
I think it is a good poll.
Didn't I say that when I seen it?
Uh-huh.
I said, well, that's a good idea.
I didn't know.
Did you have the audience?
Was this a poll building experience?
Oh, yeah.
A little bit.
A little bit?
Yeah.
Oh, I wasn't going to be alive.
What do you mean by that?
It isn't a lot of calls.
By the way, if you don't get a response from Chris or I, they're going to be suiting from the fumes here any minute.
Yep.
Oh, they're doing their touring the roof again, a queue.
That's something.
Or something.
Thank God I must add a premonition.
Don't go down there.
You'll be nauseant.
You probably die from it.
Although if I die from it, I could sue them for something.
Yeah, then you'll be rich.
Don't you think it's a good way to do it for the Voldemort or something you'd like to be for one day that you're not dead?
Rich.
Oh.
Rich.
Filthy.
Rich.
Just loaded with money.
And then like the day after, at least you'd have all that good crap.
I'm poor now, but at least now I can sell it.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent here is no politics.
40 to 5.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
For the flagship station.
This is the situation room.
Hidden for the vacationing wolf lesser.
The lowest position to the best news team on the elevator.
The elderly girl Steve.
Hi, Bella.
This is the situation room.
But we got hit in the wide variety of situations.
Let's go now to a situation correspondent Kimbo.
Hi, a bow.
Hey there, little dude.
We got a situation.
What's the situation?
Well, it's not a groovy situation.
It's more like a...
A situation?
Sure.
Is it a sports-related situation?
Well, that's the situation.
It's the best to be.
We're on CNN.
The best stand-in those team anywhere in the universe.
Well, well, it's a good thing we got a room for this.
A restroom?
No.
Situation room.
Man.
We're on!
We'll be right back after this five-minute block of pharmaceutical and big oil ads.
Cooperate is your friend.
You're a road-weep friend.
Rawr!
Well, I'll be tuning in to see Gildi Gildi.
I can't wait to see that.
Remember the guy that was on a couple of days ago and he looked just like Gildi a little bit like in 20 years?
Yeah.
I forgot what he was talking about them.
Who cares?
Is it really make a difference?
He can't go in like that.
And I've got some really astonishing news for even more shocking than the fact that Turner Ronda came back yesterday.
So, I just...
You know, when I finish reading these stories, what I do, you know, I always do a tearing them half and I throw them on a floor here.
Right?
And then during the next break, I pick up all the trash and I put it in my trash bag.
So, I turn around and took the stuff that I had on the floor. I put it in the bag and I farted really, really bad.
And I spun the chair around back to here and then spinning around out with me.
And I'm saying...
Right, you did a whirlwind effect.
Yeah.
So, I created like a tornado of...
Sure, a bark.
A bark.
You were rolling around your head.
And I just almost swooned here so when we came back right after the break there.
I said, oh, there's swore.
It's two days.
Maybe that's why I farted because she was on my TV.
Works every time.
Thank you again, Mr. President for those low gas prices and for the recession and for all the dead people and for the world of depression.
Retail gas prices pulled back slightly from record levels yesterday and gave some consumers a small break.
But, that's another reason I turned around and came back. I couldn't afford to drive all the way down there.
But a new government forecast that gas could reach as high as $4 a gallon during the summer driving season.
Oh, my God.
Oil future prices, meanwhile, fell as the dollar stabilized, giving investors a chance to lock in profits from crude recent rally.
I think that anybody out there who's investing in oil and making money off it, we ought to line them up and kill them all, don't you?
I'd eat them.
No.
Ooh.
Limiting the declines with oil and acid in Iran, which announced plans to expand its uranium in, that reminds me of Pac-Man every time you play that thing.
Yeah, me too.
They still have Pac-Man around us at the past day now.
Sure.
They're freaky carls with playing against it.
Pac-Man and Pez.
They still have Pez.
They still have Pez?
Oh, yeah. Pez is a big investor.
We're really glad Pez is expensive.
Everywhere.
You really do like it.
They're everywhere.
The big people collect the Pez dispensers, don't you know?
Why is that? For what?
People collect everything.
People collect bottle caps, empty beer cans, things like that.
It's my scene.
Limiting the declines with developments in Iran, which announced plans to expand its uranium enrichment program, and said it's tested,
pre-equipment, move the raised markets concerns about political conflict that affect the country's oil exports.
OIL, M-O-N-Y, what did I tell you?
OIL, I told you that five plus years ago.
And here we are all these years later, longer than WW1, longer than WW2, longer than the civil war, longer than Vietnam.
And here we are, they're still in there, and they keep talking people like McCain about, well, what is victory?
What does that mean?
How do you know when you achieve victory?
When you're all suffering.
They all suffer.
They all suffer.
So that ain't never going to happen.
In its monthly report on petroleum supplies and demand, the Energy Department's Energy Administration,
Information Administration forecast that monthly average pump prices will peak near 360 gallon in June,
but could rise as high as $4 a gallon at times.
That's a dime higher than the EI, as previous monthly average projection, and brings government forecasts closer to those of many analysts who expect gas prices to be close to four bucks a gallon.
The government also predicted high prices will come.
When you think about all the billions and trillions that they're making off of us,
that they can at least dress a little bit better, everybody's always talking about my wardrobe,
what about those damn Saudis for Christ's shakes?
All them schmottes that they were in, yeah, dress up a little bit.
Just like that ostumidina jet, don't you think he could look a little bit better?
My little bit, a shmee.
At least he sets a standard that I've already, I'm better than him.
He looks more like you than I.
That's how you look at it.
The government also predicted high prices will cut demand for gas at the head of the summer.
Gas consumption will fall by about four tens of a percent during the peak summer months.
Overall, consumption of petroleum products will drop by 90,000 barrels a day this year.
The agency previously said petroleum consumption will rise by 40,000 barrels a day.
High prices already have an impact on demand, which has fallen since January.
And of course, one thing that a lot of people don't realize, well, I mean stupid people,
is that when the price of gas goes up, the price of everything, airline tickets,
that's why all the airlines are going out of business, the price of your food, all transportation, everything.
Anything that's got to be transported.
All of these things.
So thank you, Mr. President, for this during the economy and that multi-trillion dollar deficit.
Nice job.
And the public goes on, but it's a beep, but it boop, but it's a beep.
And this one has got a better bowling score than that one, and just stupid craft.
You want to know why? Because that's what the American people can relate to.
I can't tell you down Monday. Stupid, stupid, crap.
Excuse me, stupid, stupid, crap.
Right. Well, he says a bit or not.
Now, where's that from, by the way?
What, the crap?
The draping.
Good question. Some speech that he made and we had it.
But who made it?
That was Jeff, wasn't it?
No, it was not.
No, that's not, you see, you're confused.
It's listed under there. You want to know why?
Why?
This is an interesting thing coming from somebody who steals a lot of my draping and uses them all the time and has been for years.
I want to mention her name.
But anything that they played on their show that they thought was something really great that they put in the DCS, which we all had access to during our shows,
they would put it instead of just putting in crap, which you'd find easily, they put it under some like code thing.
So it says, Jeb Bush, crap stutter, you know.
Well, which is not Jeb Bush.
Okay.
It's got nothing to do with Jeb Bush.
I don't know where it came from then.
Well, they say you forgot that?
Yeah, I don't know.
I thought it was a Jeb Bush crap stutter, you know.
God.
God helped me. I read the label.
Everything that they put in there that was strictly for their use that they didn't want us or anybody else to find was under code.
God forbid, what did they want to do?
What are we going to do if we find some crap?
But of course, when it comes to my stuff,
everybody, everybody, everybody in the frame, and that's fine.
You know, all these idiots, these childish people, some these fiery ports,
oh, did you know that Randy is you or this one there, that one that is using here, so who cares?
Grow up, get a life already, will you?
I have no life.
Jesus. God.
So in Georgia, be a Gulfstream on Friday from 10 to 2, and there'll be a handicap before you make me make you some money.
I hope this time.
That's fine.
I'll print out all the entries.
Do my best.
Give me the winner by seven likes and at first race.
And again, I'm doing it just off of names of horses and jockeys, that's all.
Probably why you're doing so well.
That's what?
That's probably why you're doing so well.
Yeah, oh yeah, the less you know, the better off you are, especially with the Thurbreds.
Now, have you actually looked at a racing form?
Have you seen all the numbers on there in the past performance charts and the buyer's speed rating?
Well, I see it, but I sure don't understand.
I'm not asking if you understand it.
So you can imagine when you've got 25 to 30 minutes in between every race,
and you sit there and you change your mind 400 times, you keep relooking and examining and all that,
and you're better off to take a hat pin and just close your eyes and go up and down a program
and stick the in a number, you know, stick it.
Like we say on all those, the rejoin, stick it, stick it to the ticket.
Maybe that's what we're saying, stick it to the ticket.
And since Joel Feinberg left there, by the way, I don't hear anything about them no more.
It's like they're not even on the year anymore.
They're there.
They're changing now, do we know?
Does anybody know?
Is Kevin Rogers on now against us?
Oh my God, everybody's listening to Rogers between 10 and noon.
Who?
Kevin Rogers.
He was the guy that was on at night from like seven of midnight, and now he's on 10 to noon,
and Jorge said on his own, like, I don't know what, they keep changing it all around.
You know, like we do.
Mad dogs two to four, and I'm at dogs four to six, fifty-five now.
Yeah, all the stations they keep doing that.
They flounder.
So they keep moving all the pieces, all the pieces on the chest board, they keep moving around.
Just like P.D. of Bulge who used to do with the light bulb.
Oh, Mr. V goes on in the morning, and the norm is on in midday, and the Craig is on,
like that.
And this one's on drugs, and that one's on the speed, whatever.
I think that's the only other choice I got is to start with the drugs, you know?
Now, a lot's expensive habitat, you know?
Isn't it?
It is.
You wouldn't know.
How's the guy doing?
How's the schlepper like you afford all these drugs?
I got a hook up.
Must be, they must be bags of drugs when you go to Gulfstream.
You know there are.
So I'm thinking about a wood-bind Wednesday at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
I think there would be a really good, a relaxed, or good, you know?
Sure.
Separation from all the degly stresses in angst and chaserae.
Presses up to 919 votes, and next hour we're going over a thousand.
And then we switch over to that really nifty Charlie B poll, which I know everybody's all whipped up to a frenzy about.
Especially Charlie B.
I do you think when I use, well, I know that for a fact that when I use somebody's poll they get,
oh, you know, it's like a, a bag of honor to them.
Oh, you lose one of my polls today.
Oh, like that, right?
Right.
Sure.
Which is another way of saying, I have no life.
Although Charlie was in Europe for two months on a business, a personal,
whatever he said, getting screwed and tattooed, whatever he was doing.
So at least I salute him for that.
That's more than you can say.
Yeah.
So he must have a couple of bucks somewhere or maybe just, you know,
maybe just hit in the wheel well on a transatlantic flight.
That's possible.
Which act has been most tight cast by a character that he or she portrayed.
That's our poll question right now.
And we have 920 votes.
It's an award-winning poll if you ask my ass.
James Gandalf, Fini, Tony, soprano, 114.
Bob Denver, Gilligan, 102, he's dead by the way, George.
William Shantner, Captain Kirk 102.
Priceline.com is not what he does the sponsor for.
Yes.
And those are, you know, some of them kind of funny.
Some of them are not so funny.
Adam West, Batman, 59.
Henry Winkler, Fonz, the Fonz, 41.
Sean Connery, James Bond, 41.
Jim Neighbor is Gomer Pyle, 38.
What about, what's his name? Peter Graves.
What about him?
Emission impossible.
What about him?
He wasn't tight cast?
I don't know.
Maybe.
Tony Perkins, Norman Bates, 37.
Don Not, Stephanie Barney, 536.
An expert junior, General Bodine, 34.
Ed O'Neal, Al Bundy, has got...
But third man.
Teaching Chong as themselves 29.
Kerala Conner, RG Bunker 29.
How can you be...
Typecast by playing yourself?
I don't understand that.
Oh, I think that's especially, you know, if you do play yourself,
you're going to be especially Typecast as that.
Jaliyah White, Erkull 24.
Marlon Brando Don Coyleon, 24.
Mark Campbell, Luke Skywalker 22.
Gary Coleman, Arnold 21.
Fred Gwyn, Herman Munster, 16.
What about, what's his name?
Al Lewis, Grandpa.
Oh, yeah.
He's still dead.
And he put him on there?
We did not.
We could have...
We can.
Al Lewis, Grandpa, you want to put him on there?
Chris or not?
Sure.
Sure, go ahead, make me happy.
McCauley Culkin, Home Alone 15, Barbara Eden Genie 14.
She's still alive.
We love Barbara Eden, she's still alive.
Jimmy Walker, J.J. 13.
Red Fox, Fred Sandford 12.
Nine Adams, Maxwell, Smart 12.
But there's just too many on here.
Allen Alde, Hawkeye 9.
Andy Griffiths, Sheriff Andy Taylor 9.
Sherman Hemsley, George Jefferson 8.
Richard Thomas Johnboy 7.
John Kizal, 3.05.
David DeCovny, Fox Molder 4.
Daniel Radcliffe, Harry Potter 4.
Andy Griffith, Matlock 3.
Now, is he dead?
Did we say he's still alive?
You looked it up.
Yeah, look at that.
He's still alive for Christ's sake.
I believe so, I'm going to say him.
Kim Fields, 2D from Faxalife 3.
Day 8, John Crawford 2.
And Tony Randall has Felix Unger, Solomon Thayuno.
Who's dead?
Three biggest names.
The best talent.
You're his new Rogers.
466 QAM.
I think.
Fourth Leader.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is the brain.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Any questions?
Yeah.
Here it is, Oliver Ramney.
Everybody is broke.
The economy is drowning.
They got us behind us, groans.
I'd like to do some driving.
But can't afford to go.
For the world's richest country.
Is the question bloated?
After nine-unletter, the stage was set.
For the video constant grab all they could get.
They trickled it up to the one percent.
It does fall and let us forget.
Could this be the recession?
The midnight boiling views?
There's people going concrete.
You won't see that on the views.
It's like the 1930s.
On the other greats of gravity.
We're just a rich in dirty.
And a fortune by gas.
The corporate newspapers say that we're paying.
The ones that I use for the sheets on my head.
You take me down if we let them in control.
They got us blinded.
Now we got it just for you.
We may not be depression.
But they don't want you to know.
For the world's richest country.
Is the question bloated?
Yeah, is the question bloated?
It's low.
It's not as much as you know who are the renewables.
But it bloated.
It's 11.03 at 5.60 W.M.
Happy Wednesday to you.
John McCain isn't quite sure of himself on Iraq.
Last month, the Arizona senator got a whisper in his ear
from Senator Jew Lieberman after he said that Iran was providing
a duet while Kade and Iraq as soon as he grew up.
Iran, however, is actually a Shiite nation.
On Fox News Sunday, McCain also got wrongly details of Iraqi ceasefire.
His friend Jew Lieberman was also on the trip, had to famously whisper in his
ear to correct him the early times right today.
This allowed McCain's two Democratic rivals for the presidency Barack Obama
and Hillary Clinton to criticize McCain for his mistake.
Which came in the area that's supposed to be in his wheelhouse,
National Security and Foreign Policy, it's in his wheelhouse.
Elliott Spitzer, he's busy with the warehouse and we're worried about John McCain's wheelhouse.
At today's Senate Arm Services Committee hearing McCain seem to have gotten
wrong again when interviewing Iraq commander General David Patreas,
McCain, there are numerous threats to security in Iraq in the future of Iran and Iraq.
You still view al-Qaeda in Iraq as a major threat, but Patreas, it's a major threat.
Though certainly not as major a threat as it was a 15 months ago,
McCain certainly none of the obscure sect of the Shiites overall, Patreas Nocer,
McCain or Suinis or anybody else then.
Ha ha ha, how about the accords in the ways?
Oh my God.
McCain they want to work on this obvious weakness is erect fund of knowledge
to Times blog remark, maybe flashcards would help.
During an appearance on Fox News Sunday April 6, McCain repeated the false claim
that Brutal Al-Sauder declared the Shiite fire in Bosch realized week
and said he thought the Iraqi army was performing well.
It was Al-Sauder that declared the Shiite fire not Maliki,
he said McCain, with respect I don't think Sauder would have declared the Shiite fire
if he thought he was winning.
As the blog think progress notes it was members of Prime Minister Maliki,
his government who broke into the Shiite fire towards Sauder agreed,
experts agreed that Sauder's influence was strengthened rather than diminished by the Bosch of Battle.
And it goes on, it's got a list of one, two, three, four, five more.
Miss Haps by McCain on, he don't know what else is going on over there.
He don't know the Shiites from the Shiites, he couldn't slip one out.
Although I don't think you'd want to, would you?
No, thank you.
Going to doubt, let's sniff one out.
Ooh, I'm not saying that the hygiene could be a bad or like that,
but probably is.
When you think?
I imagine.
When you wear all of them heavy-duty schmottes.
How you doing on your pole there, Mr. Chris?
We have 900 and...
3DP votes.
Yep, mine's reloading again.
So by noon, by the very least, we'll have 1000.
We can switch over to a really nifty Charlie B pole
and everybody be all over that like Stink on Joyce.
On Sunday evening, Senator Sweller, a Clinton's Chief Campaign strategist,
Mark Penn resigned from his post after was revealed he was working on the side for passage
of a Columbia Free Trade Agreement that is candidate-opposed,
but will a Clinton campaign, within a Clinton campaign,
Penn is not the highest ranking advisor with financial ties to groups and individuals
supporting the passage of the measure.
Former President Bill Clinton is earned hundreds of thousands of dollars
speaking on behalf of a Columbia-based who are pushing the trade pact
and representatives of that organization tell the Huffington Post
that the former presidents share their sentiment.
In June 2005, Clinton was paid 800 grand by the Columbia-based
Gold Service International, give four speeches throughout Latin America.
The organization is ostensibly a development group tasked with bringing investment to the country
and educating world leaders about the Columbia business opportunities.
The Group Chief Operating Officer, Andres Franco, said in an interview
that the Group supports congressional ratification of the Free Trade Agreement
and that when Clinton was on his speaking tour, he expressed similar opinions.
He was supportive of the Trade Agreement at the time he came, but that was several years ago.
I don't know what his position would be today.
It's not only about union trade rights, it's about what benefit or damage
it can do to the U.S. economy, said Franco.
Events within the Clinton campaign concerning Mark Penn are not good at all for the trade agreement.
Right now it became about campaign issues met aside because it needs to go through,
but it'll be a bit of a bit of a...
And you like that?
All right.
Well, when you're trying to track down crooks, you know, and how they're connected to it,
I'm not just picking on anybody in particular, all of them.
They're all on the take, baby. That's what it's all about.
Why do people get involved in doing that?
Instead of like being postman or milkman, shoe shine boy, or stuff like that.
And by the way, speaking of that, how do you like the introduction from a king yesterday?
I forget where the hell it was.
And the guy says, they can have their tiger woods.
We got comparing tiger woods to a Barack Obama.
And everybody's saying, well, you know, tiger woods is the best golfer in the world.
Had nothing to do with it, whether or not he's the best golfer.
And had to do with the fact that he's biracial.
That's what I had to do for him.
It was a racial slur as water was.
It was grotesque and the media, you know, as usual.
Well, I've been a bit of a blooper about it, but I don't think it's that big of a deal.
But you know, like that.
Nothing's ever that big of a deal.
Maybe we can get tiger woods to run against McCain.
What do you think?
Let's try.
Well, he's getting off that damn stupid golf course.
Oh, I just, I'm sorry.
Oh, that's right.
Mad Dog's had a cluster for the masters today.
Who's going to wear the green jacket?
Oh, my God.
Aren't you concerned about that?
Oh, yeah.
Who's going to wear the green jacket?
Who's going to drink the green lizards?
Well, we know the answer to that, don't we?
Oh, right.
But who's going to wear the green jacket?
Is it going to be the tiger again?
The tiger.
And every time I see those shots on TV,
where they show him making some pot,
and he's pumping his fist in the air like,
like he just had a major accomplishment.
It's golf, you idiot.
But let me ask you something,
when you're playing checkers with somebody.
Yeah.
And somebody jumps over your last pieces on a board there
and wins the guy get up and pump his fist up there.
Yeah!
Let's see if the four of his checkers game maybe, you know.
Oh, and the four of his master's checkers game.
The master's checker.
We're going to the master's checker's chamber right now
in Savannah, Jojo, in a hell of a damn golf crab.
Oh, you're wrong, the old millions of people
play golf and watch it and it's very entertaining.
What's entertaining about watching somebody else play a game?
I've been a saver.
Like for years.
To me, it's the same thing as people watch other people
play poker on television.
I mean, that's the ultimate of, if you're watching that stuff,
man, you need serious assistance or maybe like Dr. Jack can come in,
help put you out of your misery.
Uh-huh.
God.
San Francisco authorities are getting ready for protest today
when runners carry the Olympic torch through that city,
hoping to avoid the chaos that disrupted the relay in London and Perry.
They're going to put out the flame in San Francisco.
That'll be hard.
That'll be hard.
There's so many flavors in San Francisco.
How the hell are they going to do that?
Police officers have been canceled.
Mayor Gavin Newsom has said that the rattle on the waterfront
already cut from eight to six miles could be changed up to
two and even during your run itself.
Things are still subject to change based on the information we receive.
San Francisco police are to never get inside.
The goal is to have a safe event for everyone, spectators and participants.
A specimen for the group students for a free tablet city
heard of many people playing the protest in San Francisco.
We wanted to be peaceful, but it'll be large.
Said spokesman Tenzin Day saying,
I heard from that that we now live all over the US and even abroad
who are coming here.
Whatever that means.
You know what that means?
We now live all over the US.
Oh, Thai Bentons.
You know any Thai Bentons?
No.
I bet you don't.
San Francisco is the only US stop for the torch relay where wraps up the first week of a 23 city
international tour when the flame arrived in the city yesterday.
Thousands of people chanting slogans and waving banners demonstrated against
Chinese human rights record, including their treatment of Thai bet.
And they were all singing, hello, dolly for the dolly freaking llama.
That silly ass goofball, but that schmock that he wears.
And I'll tell you, the whole world is a battle of headgear and schmockers.
My schmockers are better than your schmockers.
My headgear is a fancier than your schmanceier than yours like the poor.
Yeah, well, I got feather in mind.
Yeah, I got a feather in my crap.
And my headgear too.
In fact, speaking of that during this next break, Joyce is calling.
Really?
What's she calling the say?
What's crap?
A day earlier, three protestors scaled suspension cables on San Francisco's Golden Gate bridge
and unfrored a large banner that read one world, one dream, free Thai bet.
The demonstrators used baby carriages to sneak the batters and climbing equipment past the police.
San Francisco protests followed demonstrations of women and persons which protestors tried to
snuff out the torches flame and dozens were arrested.
Richard Gears said the whole world seems to spawn heinously in the act of the situation
and know what's a fraud what the Chinese are doing.
Richard Gears, who's been a consistent advocate of human rights in Thai bet.
I hate to say this, but I don't really care about Thai bet.
I mean, that sounds insensitive by no means whatever.
Politically, interact and hugely interact.
I just don't give a crap about Thai bet.
I can't even match them.
Why could hate Chaito without caring about Tibet?
Yeah, but once they call in all of our loans, man, we're all finished.
I don't think I can get any help.
I think I hope it's.
This is no Rajesh 456-QAM.
The sports leader.
Some independent truckers say it'll stop hauling freight for a test of record-high diesel fuel prices.
I just can't pay to fill my tank again.
These old fuel is higher than it's ever been.
And I can't pay to get on the road again.
Oh my God.
I'll throw it again.
Oil profits, they are such a sin.
Streaming things and those exonbobled men.
I can't pay to get on the road again.
Off the road again.
Like a pack of suckers we go down the highway.
Hope the gouging ends.
Cause the hour of walking richer each and every day.
It's so lame.
Off the road again.
We're making a statement.
I just can't pay to get on the road again.
We shut down for five days.
I drive a truck and take it up the gasp and end.
Cause I can't pay to get on the road again.
We are not going to put up a price like that.
1117 at 560 WDQM, you aren't going to put up with it.
What are you going to do about it?
What are you going to do about it?
I shot.
Joins, Lurgen, Callstream, 10-2 on Friday and then Saturday, 10-2 noon for the Grand Reopeninger Compu.
I say 1714 in the Refernal Highway for Lurgen.
Lurgen is going to be real busy this weekend.
Hope so.
I was real busy during the break.
I did a resounding joy.
That's all.
From Mendis' accomplishment.
Really, even shocked me, you know?
Morey Dowd writes, Toil and Trouble.
Maybe it was because I was sitting in the back of the Senate chamber with three war protesters.
Grim faced chanting women dressed in black-cooded clothes, white makeup and blood-red hands.
Then it felt as though we're watching a production of Macbeth rather than hearing on a rack.
Fair is foul and foul is fair.
The witch is in the play said, hover through the fog and fill the air.
Why sure?
I hope she don't have any more words in here today, you know what I mean?
Oh!
Many words hovered Tuesday in the Senate, including some pointed ones by the woman and two men vying to be commander in chief,
but the words seemed trapped in a labyrinth leading in nowhere.
The surge twins were back, but the day-long testimony of David Patrice and Ron Crocker before two committees seemed more depressing this time.
As the barb writes in Macbeth, from that spring-wines comfort seemed to come, this comfort swells.
The arrived on the hills of the Maliki de Blackele in Bosra, which made it stunningly clear, after a ceasefire was broken in Iran,
that were spending $3 trillion as their own economy goes off a cliff so that Iran can have a dysfunctional little friend.
Not good news given off mid-India jazz announcement that the scientists are putting 6,000 new uranium and richen centrifuges in place.
I like General Patrice, air of restrained competence and ambassador Crocker's air of rye world veriness,
but now they seem swallowed up by the fresh violence and ancient tribal antagonisms that they were supposed to be overcoming.
Ancient tribal antagonisms, I love it. That describes it perfectly. Don't know that, yes.
Yep.
The Guardians of Iraq offer more of the same, a post-surge pause or consolidation and evaluation, as the general generically puts it,
and no anches about how we can stock our ward from aligning with our enemy.
The way forward General Patrice said should be, conditions-based.
Even in a place as pro-zek as the Senate, this news spurred existential angst.
Senator Evan Bysummed up the dot-on nature of our plan in Iraq, will know when we get there and we don't know when we're going to get there.
Our confused Chuck Hagel asked the pair, so where's the surge? What are we doing?
I don't see Secretary Rice doing any kiss and dress flying around. Where's the diplomatic surge?
So where's the surge? What are you talking about?
Condi's too busy floating trial balloons about being John McCain's running mate to bother about the fact that she was instrumental in two historic glunders, 9-11, and Iraq.
It's hard to follow the narrative of our misadventures in Iraq. We went into help the Shiites that we betrayed in the first Gulf War, shake off their Sunni tormentors.
But then, particularly for everyone except the Chuck Hagel had a W and Cheney, the Shiites began tormenting the Sunnis, so we put 90,000 Sunni sons of Iraq,
some of the same ones who were exploding American soldiers on our payroll so they'd stop shooting Americans and helping out Kaida.
Our troops have gone from policing the Sunni Shiites so award a policing a Shiite, a Shiite-Shiite power struggle, while some have been loud and plots in pieces out Kaida and Iraq to straxist and brains our military resources.
Even some senators got confused.
John McCain seemed to repeat his recent confusion over tribes, mistakenly referring to a Kaida again as a sect of Shiites before correcting himself and saying, or Sunnis or anybody else.
And Joe Biden theorized that the awakening made up with Sunnis might decide to get in with civil war with Sunnis, presumably meaning Shiites.
But Senator Biden asked a trenchative attaining-weighted question, Mr. Crocker, about Kaida.
If you could take out, if you had a choice, the Lord Almighty came down and sat in the middle of the table there and said, Mr. Ambassador, you can limit every Kaida source in Afghanistan and Pakistan, or every al-Qaeda personnel in Iraq, which would you pick?
Given the progress beating back al-Qaeda in Iraq, the Ambassador replied, he picked the hiding place of Bin Laden.
That would be a smart choice, Mr. Biden noted.
Senator John Warner asked the essential question, the one that makes it clear that the VEBODY and Cheney Hurt the National interest, is the war making it safer here at home?
General Petraeus avoided answering, but he acknowledged that the fragile gains there are reversible.
The champagne bodily tilt Senator Biden has been pushed to the back of the refrigerator.
You know when you're in trouble when Barbara Boxer's divorce of reason, why is it she asked after, always given, 4,024 American lives gone, more than half a million dollars spent, all this for the Iraqi people, but if the Iranian president who's greeted with kisses and flowers?
She warmed to, he's got a red carpet treatment, we're losing our sons and daughters every single day for the Iraqis to be free, it's irritating in life is my point.
Ambassador Crocker, Drony assured the Senator from California that he believed that Dictator also got kissed on his visit to Iraq.
Like when Michael kissed Frado when a godfather in Vegas, remember that, or in Cuba?
Yeah, it was New Year's Eve in Cuba.
That's right.
And he kissed Frado and he said, I know what was you, Frado, you broke my heart.
I remember that, but I have to remember that we could play it like, right now, when you're free now, you broke my heart.
You broke my heart.
How do you know that?
I've never read after giving the big kiss.
Like that kiss of death.
Just like that scene after Mama Cullioni bites the dust and they're all sitting there in the big living room there and she's in the box.
And Michael finally goes in after he's avoided Frado all of that time and he goes in and Frado puts his head up against Michael's chest and he puts his arms around Frado and he looks at Neri.
And he gives in there, looked great.
And he gives like a little nine, almost imperceptibly, you know?
Like that look like a, like a, like a, something you don't want to see Frado no more.
Right?
Right.
Like that.
9.51, we're having fun on Chris's pool, baby. It's a good pool.
How would you think about that one for tomorrow? I think it's okay.
That is pretty good.
What would you like to be that you aren't or can't or ain't for one day?
Not who would you like to be? We've done that. Would you like to be for one day?
I'd like to be Steven straight for one day.
Would you just kind of like hang out with myself in front of a mirror?
Yeah, just stand there in front of a mirror, grabbing myself, putting my arms around myself, going, mm, like that.
Hey, what did I tell you about scare American Airlines?
Wow, American Airlines cancel hundreds of flights today again, including four inbound and four outbound flights and four lottery.
To reinspec jets that were checked for compliance with US safety directives two weeks ago.
About 850 departures were scrubbed after 460 yesterday. American spokesman John Hoetard said,
at Dallas-Four Worthin in the National Airlines biggest hub, bubub, bubub, 251 departures were canceled.
The Braward flights were scheduled as Chicago and four were Dallas-Four Worth, a spokesman for the Air Force said in the email,
and none of the affected planes fly Miami International. Thanks God.
The FAA is looking into why the Boeing MD-80 planes, the same ones America reviewed in March, were able to keep flying agencies,
he spoke when Diane Spillett theory said yesterday, an FAA author of Nine Jets in Dallas for Worthfound 8 that didn't meet directives, she'd be saying.
Americans' cancellations added to the travel disruption since the FAA proposed a $10.2 million fine against Southwest Airlines on March 6th for allowing 46 planes to fly without required inspections in 2007.
That case for an industry-wide safety audit.
Everyone is bending over backward to make sure it's done right now.
Looks right George Hamlin, managing director of New York-based consulting firm ACA Associates in the interview,
what this result in is serious delays. Americans 300 MD-80s represent 46% of its fleet.
The airline operates about 2300 daily flights with its mainline jets. The FAA is also looking at Delta's MD-80s that were checked last month Spillett theory said.
What ever the hell are they meant? Spillett theory, what kind of a name is that? You sign up for that? Spillett.
Spillett, the ADD.
The new inspections at American were related to the tail technical compliance issues and not safety applied issues before what Texas-based airline said.
The FAA raised questions about regarding previous American inspections of the planes in the manner which engineering change order was followed according to the airline.
The inspection center on the spacing of ties on wiring bundles and the jets wheel wheels and the direction in which retention clips and lacing cords were facing.
American said it was trying to shift travelers to other flights or to competitors. At Delta they said we're working closely with the FAA to ensure that we're in continued compliance with the attend of the Airworthiness Directive spokesperson Chris Kelly said there's no additional action placed at this time planned.
American and Delta canceled more than 700 flights last month for MD-80 inspections.
850 departures on American scrub today baby they're scrubbing it and you're getting screwed man.
I wonder how long before people start getting a little PO you know with the price of gas. Are you kidding me? All these airlines what?
The media says everything's fine so.
Okay that's right I forgot. All we're fine.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent for his male projects.
Fortight of 560 km.
Big sports leader.
Spread them and say cheese.
Keep that time of year again.
When thousands of fresh taste hopeless put everything on the line to win Americans vote.
This is American political idol.
Tonight on Fox.
I had this unusual experience.
I remember landing under sniper fire.
I made a mistake that happens.
It proves I'm human.
I have a good state you know.
I'll do respect.
I've been over back.
I've been over backwards.
I've been over backwards.
I've been over backwards.
Upside down and backwards.
Sue it.
You almost think that you have 80 charms of getting her in the wind.
I've been. I've been to win.
Where did you do us?
Chill out. We're going to win this election.
I'm going to reach out with a hook in a moment to get a shot.
I'm 32 at 560 WDQ.
I'm happy wins the two.
We got 959 votes on a very very award-winning pool.
It's outstanding and it is mild.
What cigarette was that?
It's outstanding and it was that pellumel.
I don't know.
It took your work.
It's outstanding and they are mild.
There was this big fat face to God with the deep voice.
He used to do those spots.
Hellmill.
Well let's bring back cigarette advertising.
OK?
Well, no.
We got boo spots on.
Sure.
Jesterfield.
Hight level.
I am in full of games.
It's the pinstole like a cigarette cheese sandwich.
And they wear tight pants.
Sundance.
Up to bottom every day.
Blessed with the miracle of being gay.
The very best of packets in the USA.
Giving fake fake pleasure in a big, big way.
The very best of packets in the USA.
Giving fake fake pleasure in a big, big way.
Jesterfield.
Join the big swish to Chesterfield Queen.
New choice of the packs of America.
Frank Stuffin, it wasn't Frank Yellow, but I can see the guy right now.
That's 100 years ago.
It was just amazing.
The stupid crap that is buried in the recesses of your brain.
Isn't it amazing?
It is indeed.
The important stuff, like, you know, what the hell they is it and where do you live, things like that.
Well, I'm not so sure like that.
William Rivers pit rights on the smoking chimp.
Remember, they are liars.
George W. Bush digged Cheney down a rum-spilled pole loaf of wood.
It's kind of easy to rise along with a slew of administration underlings and a revolving door.
A cavalcade of brass hats from the Pentagon have been making claims regarding Iraq for many years now.
They claimed Iraq was in possession of 26,000 liters of anthrax.
An optical several million people are going to a page on the White House website titled,
This Arm Sodom Usain.
They lied.
They claimed Iraq was in possession of 38,000 liters of botulinum toxin.
They lied.
They claimed Iraq was in possession of 500 tons, which equals a million pounds of seren mustard and VX nerve agent.
They lied.
They claimed Iraq was in possession of nearly 30,000 munitions capable of delivering these agents.
They lied.
They claimed Iraq was in possession of several mobile biological weapons labs.
They lied.
They claimed Iraq was operating an advanced nuclear weapons program.
They lied.
They claimed Iraq had been seeking significant quantities of uranium from Africa for use in this advanced nuclear weapons program.
They lied.
They claimed Iraq attempted to purchase high-strike aluminum.
Cubes is suitable for nuclear weapons.
They lied.
They claimed America needed to invade over thrown occupy a record to remove this menace from our world.
It would take just one vile, one canister, one crates looked at this country went to White House line to bring a day of horror like none we've ever known.
They lied.
Simply stated said Dick Cheney, in August of 2002, there is no doubt that Sodom Usain now has weapons of mass destruction, liar.
Right now said George W. Bush in September of 2002, Iraq is expanding and improving facilities that were used for the production of nuclear weapons.
Lier.
We know for a fact that White House press secretary Ari Fleischer in January of 2003 that there are weapons there, liar.
We know that Sodom Usain is determined to keep his weapons of mass destruction said colon, colon, pal.
In February of 2003 is determined to make more as well, liar.
We know where they are, said Donald Rumsfeld in March of 2003.
There are in the area around to Cretan Baghdad, east, southwest, and north somewhat, liar.
The Iraqi people understand what this crisis about said, Paul Wolfowitz in March of 2003, like the people of France in the 1940s, they view us as their hope for a liberator, liar.
No one ever said that we knew precisely where all these agents were, said condom, leason, June 2003, where they were stored, liar.
I have absolute confidence that their weapons of mass destruction inside this country say General Tommy Franks, April 2003.
Whether we will turn out at the end of the day to find them in one of the 2003, that's thousands sites we already know about, or whether contact one of these officials when we may come in contact will tell us, oh well there's actually another site and we'll find it near, I'm not sure.
Wrong.
Before the worst said General Michael Hagey may have 2003, there's no doubt in my mind that Sodom Usain had weapons of mass destruction, biological and chemical, I expect them to be found.
I still expect them to be found.
Wrong.
Given times in General Richard Myers in May of 2003, given the number of prisoners that were now interrogating, interrogating, I'm confident that we're going to find weapons of mass destruction.
Wrong.
Do I think we're going to find something?
Yeah, I kind of do, said Major General Keith Dayton in May of 2003, because I think there's a lot of information out there.
Wrong.
General David Patreus, Commander of US Forces in Iraq, gave testimony before the Senate regarding the current state of affairs and that battle-savage country yesterday.
He's a political general.
One of many Americans seen and heard over the last five years, one who would leap nude from the Capitol dome before telling the real truth about matters in Iraq, or one who would speak words fed to him by liars and must be wrong.
Remember they lie, they all lie from the top man down to the bottom if their lips are moving, a lie is unfolding.
If they say water is wet, get into the shower to make sure they lie, period.
What are you trying to say?
Water is not wet.
Have I had dry water?
Just this water.
How about gold water?
I'd dry heaves.
Remember him?
Yeah, Barry.
Heave it.
Heave it out of that flow.
That's it, heave it.
I think you made by noon get to that vaulted thousand mark and then I'll give you a car again.
Then I can get in the car and hit for wood blind.
The other guy's saying you can switch it.
Robert, you're pardon?
That's what you're going to say then.
You can switch it.
Switch one.
The pole.
Fucking switch, the pole.
Fucking switch it, yeah, I'll switch it.
That's what I hear.
I'll switch when I want to switch, okay?
Baaaamnng!
That's right.
You let me worry about swishers.
Swishers?
Swishers weets isn't one of my favorite sea guards.
They're for like, A-farius.
Are they?
Do you ever have to swish your swishers?
Other for kids.
Why don't you know for kids?
Because they're got the sweet little tip on them.
They're for starting out.
Oh yeah, I know something with a sweet little tip.
Do you?
I don't know that.
Oh baby.
Where is that the movie The Covenant again?
I gotta watch that I'll be back or maybe not soon now switch your suites are for kids
What are you talking about? There's cigars yeah for young punks
They're trying to act cool so they think they look cool with that and it's just like a nothing thing. I mean they're cheap
Let me think of me as a young punk
What you like young
punk
Yeah, well
Young girl your sweet so okay. I mean it's not my favorite cigar. You know the kind of cigars I like yeah free ones
I give you like cancer with the tongue and lips right so you know like those were good those you know even you like those
Yeah, I did remember back in the day we used to get those cigars. I don't just cigar Stogie and I don't know how many years
I haven't spoke to cigars since yesterday. Oh
You're smoking big stogie's too big ones little ones whatever I can get I see
Like the ones that Susan's Miranda was smoking that too. Mm-hmm the good stuff
Not like the good stuff. I'll tell you a tip or reload
That's a good pull. What's your favorite cigar not?
That'd be a good one for a footing and he could like put one up against the other for like the rest of the year would be good
I wonder if he's still doing that I do this just to aggravate you because I know it bugs the crap on you
What's that the thing about his burger poles and about putting it in general?
Oh, it doesn't aggravate me at find a hysterical you're the one you're the only one well
I'm trying to give him a little help you doing embarrassing things right right right right right right right right right now
Yeah, I garden path is success. You want to wear a footy t-shirt. It's not gonna
See it anyway. I know I'm not so you can drag down there. That's right. No
Take the weekend for that will you do that? I got a good story. I got some good practice
I got almost to the I got almost to the border there. I think if I'd across into the US. I think I'd just kept on going
to Mexico
No, not to Mexico. Are you a crazy person or what or like I have to ask?
Twenty before noon and I got enough Mexican grief here. I don't need to go to Mexico to find more
David here live at the Hollywood Bowl
And not the one in California and he abandoned one in Hollywood and the Florida
Thanks, no, but you well, it's late here still in pretty good shape
But then it's just happened to found an old bowl here. Hey, if it's good enough for Obama. It's good enough for me
See
David get it opens another just an old Valentine
See right here. You say that I should run for president
Say that is me an idea after all who's not more for democracy
You're truly an effort has picture dresses like a bum bum bum will be
Give me a call here at the beach with the 457. They died
Somebody's actually calling
Hey there Mojo Bell here. Yeah, yeah, yeah, what do you know?
We've been seriously thinking of asking you back back for what to get ready to get
Raid yeah, but not much so much this respect
Occasionally I get it didn't we're prepared to offer you a meal meal deal
No, no, no, not a chance pal
Is about a good chance let me come back there to not have a national guard go to Iraq
Norma has assured me of reaching an agreement what he rolls out of bed tomorrow
That makes me happy as a dancer and jelly shoes
I'm not sure how to take that comment
You way you like how I wouldn't even come back there
That's where you think so you have you have you have you
Stay away from me. I'll hurt you
I'll hide you
As I portrayed fingers and one big stuff you can't hurt me yet doubt set and why not you're on the phone dummy
That's right
So I'll uh, yeah, I'll get back to you. I get it
146 14 you'll know and boar right on the verge right on the cusp of that thousand votes on your full 986
Do I see or do I see more?
I don't see anymore
More I see Chris why I always mind there's 94 so my little slow. Oh, I'm way ahead of you. Yep. How do you like that?
All the way up here. I'm way ahead of you guys isn't it amazing how the internet works
Yes
And we're streaming we have an any dropouts all day which I probably shouldn't say that I gave it a canary just now
Having an a dropouts. Do you have any dropouts yesterday? That's what I could say the ones who come to see you at Gulfstream
That's right. I wish they would
Are you never tell me about anybody else that comes to see where they're like?
A lot of people have come to see us absolutely. Well, why don't you ever talk about them? I do
You're always so negative. Are you talking about that's right? It keeps the come to see
What can we legally do nothing? That's the big stuff maybe
Toonam would be a good idea but other than that
What do you mean what can we do? I mean can you spray them with the skunk urine or something?
I don't know. I'm sure would would only improve their aroma. Yeah, I know
Maybe you need a bodyguard maybe a luka. Yeah, I mean if Sean from a Hollywood could chase him where he might show up again
Is he a big guy? He's a big scrap and guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah
Maybe he'll come back again and beat the crap out of him this time and he can go
So we didn't know what to do with it. These are good friends
Yeah, these are good buddies
These are regular callers like what's that one guy with the s? I can't keep forgetting his name
And Joe show come on Chris oh
Stoke that yeah, hey, store me
Oh my god, I just I shake my head and I wonder you know, I wonder what it's all about then I go to woodbine forget about it
See that that's a good thing when I go there. I forget about all the
Genius crap, but seriously everyone should have something that
Like I'm very man. That's right. There's a lot of noise the machines are ringing and people are back at the man
You know, then there's these sights and the smells the sights the smells and sounds you know
Oh, that might be good, but I highly recommend perversion as a D version
I'm too old for that. No, you're not this in my past. Well, I know I'm not well then
I should get back on the out there. I'm gonna hop on a plane for a little two o'clock. I'll see in a couple of weeks
There you go get back on that horse
Horse you back on the drugs again now horse. I don't do horse
Haha
No needle drugs for me until I'm in a wheelchair man until I'm in a whole gym
You want that purple vein don't shoot in that
Ha that was pretty gross
How's his band doing by the way, Jrlito? I don't think they're doing fine here above him anymore
He's a busy I miss him badly. I'm gonna have to watch that movie again. I haven't watched it in a very long time
988 I'm Chris's pull by the way and we got
She's gonna be on television
Who is more out of it there by the end of the movie Jack Nicholson in Cookus Nest or Sarah in record? Oh Sarah
At least as far as we know she was still alive. Yeah, so to speak well
She's kind of like a breathing broccoli
You're a new vegetable
Kind like that
Elizabeth Edwards put in a plug today for Senator Swarie's healthcare plan
Possibly the closest and intimate Democratic presidential candidates likely to get an endorsement from former rival John Edwards or his wife
Both Clinton and Barack Obama have been
Seeking the backing of John Edwards whose home state North Carolina holds a primary on May 6th with 115 delegates at stake
Both candidates have called John. I wanted to talk to him
We continue to talk to them about what's going on
But we think that what we have to offer them is not so much an endorsement as a perspective
I want we found as we cross the country
I want people to think are important issues and the solutions that seem most realistic
Which is a non-answer if you ask me I could be wrong
But it sounds very evasive to me. Elizabeth Edwards said interview with ABC's good morning America
Elizabeth Edwards who discovered last year that the cancer she thought had been she had beaten had returned since he prefers
Clinton's healthcare plan which would require everyone to have health insurance and offers assistance to those who can't afford to buy coverage
Obama's plan requires all parents to have health coverage for their children
But it doesn't mandate that all adults buy coverage
I do think that in order to ensure that we have universal coverage
We need to say that everybody has to join so for that reason demanded that mandates the Senator Clinton's talking about
I think will actually be more successful achieving the goal in other words unless you join we're gonna teach you as that's all
Yeah
We're gonna penalize you and shoot you and turn you upside down. Uh-oh
Ubu Obita al-Masri died of natural causes look at that three was said to have recruited trained and detected
Looks like a Saudi-ish my friend
Bombers in that thing he also has been associated with oh yeah, why my audience?
We'll put on blue and Biden al-Masri yesterday. There we go. Oh yeah dancing girls
Listen to me in the summer of 2000 dancing girls wearing dance
Hope it does yeah, but we all live with
We're wearing matching white mini dresses with white polka dots on it
Even the space for his believe to be behind attacks on us forces in Afghanistan
If you want to finish the show and talk about dancing girls go ahead. Well, you're talking about that boring smart-to-head crowd
Yeah, yeah, and
Well, he's dead
So today for a party
Many dresses with a black latex belt around the middle
Even we spaced polka dots
To
Way more interesting than some dead shbata I agree
992 a crisis only eight away we can do we got eight minutes for eight votes
That's what you'll be out of be concentrating on then I can change the poll and get out of here
Okay, I think that would be a good plan for me just every every now and then spontaneously just get open
I'm leaving us here like that. No, yeah, why not? Well, I'm gonna stand on a khalla haze
Well, which means what what is that mean that you get up and get out of here?
Whatever you want you know, not in the middle of the show usually
Without notice usually see what I'm saying about him can tankerous hard air yeah nasty
993 boy they're creeping it. I don't think you're gonna make it by noon
I by whatever time it is noon. I've had to make saying difference people just don't want you to leave you
Who says I'm leaving where the hell am I going I'm gonna get right in a car again hit the Hershey highway like the QEW
I'll be honest with you. I'm starting to like that little car a little bit. It's not bad
That's solstice
Mm-hmm. I see him all over the place. You're looking you've seen him and you've been inside of one
Well somebody drives one here that's in the parking lot
I don't know if it's you know downstairs or there's a little on the cheesy side the interior inside
Why that when you're used to a car that yeah
Yeah, but they look kind of nifty for me outside
And they're small they're good like learner car, you know for some like illegal alien or something like that not illegal but
some alien
Who's just learning to drive and waiting for the first crash, you know because if you have a little car and you crash
Unless somebody hits you then if you have a little car it's probably not so good
Especially it's like by a truck. Oh
Yeah, truck over
That's it. It's a ragged out right? Yeah, maybe I got to make some arrangements
Killin-I will award its presidential electoral votes to the winner of the nationwide popular vote
But only if several other states follow suit
A bill signed in the law Monday by governor Rod
Lagovitch
Lagovitch
How do you say his name? Lagovitch
Maybe Illinois the third state after Marilyn and New Jersey rated a bypass the electoral college in November
The three states will become by 46 electoral votes won't act unless states
So like 270 enough to elect a president sign on
My signing this law we in Illinois are making a clear we believe every voter has an equal voice in electing our nation's leaders
Lagovitch said in the statement as the congressman in 2000 the governor of cross-ponsed they proposed
Constitutional amendment to abolish the electoral college which is long overdue my god electoral college my ass
The new laws part of a nation national pushed by the California-based advocacy group national popular vote ink
It's aimed at preventing a repeat of the 2000 debacle when Al Gore got most of the votes nationwide
But George W. Bush put together enough victories in key states to win majority in the electoral college and kept to the White House
The electoral college is of course if Obama gets the nomination is there any doubt who's going to win Illinois anyway?
No, no, sorry the electoral college is set up by the constitution to make the final decision and who becomes president
States get one electoral vote for each member of their congressional delegation
Main in the brass board electoral votes by congressional district but other states award them on a winner take all basis
Under the national popular vote plan states agree to award their electoral votes to the winner the national popular vote
If most of the electoral votes were awarded that way the popular vote winner will be guaranteed to win the election
Like Al Gore would have we want to go through all that
Kakarai
In the case of a time the popular vote the current system would be used
Critics that the proposal state could reduce the influence of smaller states and that a close presidential election would require a nationwide recap
Who wants to smaller states to have influence? Okay, why can't everybody's vote count the same?
Whether you're in Rhode Island, New York, California connect to get or Illinois is
Hard to fix that way, huh?
Hard to fix that way. Oh, I see it's a lot harder to fix it much easier to fix like one state than all 50 state
What biggest name?
I'm not taking a little bit more projects
4.5.6.QAM
The fourth leader
This is very quick whenever I shape my balls
I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 Howard
He
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
I
know
I know
I
I
I'm getting choked up about you know I'm choked up about what the fact that we can't get
that damn thousand votes.
Oh geez.
Chris has fallen down on the job here at 9.97 and just sitting there.
Sorry about that.
And I can't change the poll though we get to with how many I could.
We would that be kosher what it would be like throwing in the towel you know like like
surrender.
I'll tell you one unless we get that thousand votes in next minute I'm playing Elvis
the rest of the day.
Okay.
Speaking of surrender.
Okay.
What do you think?
I guess I can meet.
Yes.
Okay.
It works.
One minute or Elvis till two o'clock.
Come on.
Man.
That's hard.
That's hard.
Maybe the whole audience has voted twice.
Oh and by the way Fussi is still doing the burger thing.
Thanks.
I checked for you.
For me.
I'm going to get you a 40 t-shirt.
Still stuck in that.
Maybe Eric's got his foot on the break you think because it's just it seems awfully
peculiar to me.
Although maybe now the delay is catching up so I got to give him one minute from now.
So like 903.
So keep your eye on it Chris.
Well then.
Still stuck in 97 that that's not possible.
Is it?
Eric.
I'm just going to say.
No, 98.
There's one.
Okay.
They got a minute and a half.
As H Wayne Heising to build company after company Rich Rick Rochon was his right hand man.
When Rochon struck on his own after 17 years Heising to city with Sarri and Seym go.
Now the former mentor and protg have locked horns says the Harold.
An increasingly nasty litigation over money that made it billionaire Heising at events
Rochon after Heising a suit Rochon to get back more than $10 million Rochon accused Heising
at his son of insider trading.
In pertinent scandal is Heising at 70 called the insider trading charges and court papers.
I'm being sued so I'm defending myself Rochon 50 said.
How are we doing Chris?
2002 and you didn't tell me see.
I could have just said here and played Elvis.
I'll let you play the story.
I'll get to it and relax.
I'll get to it and I just changed the poll.
Palm Beach Circus judge Kenneth Stern dismissed Rochon's action marks 27.
The case Rochon's 20 days to follow amended lawsuit.
Rochon intends to follow new claim with substantially the same allegations.
Rochon's claims are to lead a salvo in the battle between former mentor and protg.
Rochon joined Heising a holdings in 4.0 to 1985 just as Heising as whirlwind of deals
began.
They included video rental giant blockbuster entertainment, automotive retailer auto-nation,
hotel chain bokeh resorts, thimami-dophons, and the Florida Panthers.
Rochon has served as president of Heising as infestment firm left in 2002 to start his
own private equity fund, Whirlpom Capital Partners in Boca.
While the split of period amicable Heising in December 2006 sued Rochon for the return
of almost $10.7 million plus another million interest.
Well I sure hate that.
I got to print out that poll again.
Didn't print out.
Okay.
When that happens.
All the terms.
There we go.
Heising as Sue claims Rochon used his stock investments included including in Heising as public
companies as collateral for bank credit lines to among other things, but a $20 million
book of a tone mentioned and $15 million yacht called Atlantica.
Remember the young aunt and dog they have known Atlantica Atlantica, remember?
After Rochon's investment began declining value, Heising alleges he began lending money
to Rochon to cover margin calls and various expenses.
All together, Heisinger claims he lent $13.9 million.
Rochon repaid about $4.00 in the principal interest, Richard Handley, Heising Holders, General
Counsel, said to an assistant that he had no comment.
Joseph Iano, Rochon's lyric now is Heising Advance money to Rochon, but a spewed of the
amount.
Iano declined the elaborate.
Maybe I'll wait until he gets me $13.9 million.
I wouldn't pay it back, but I doubted you would.
Huh?
I doubted it.
What?
Nothing I'd pay it back?
Nothing he'd give it to you.
Oh, why is that?
Why do you say that?
I'm sure he loves me.
Right.
There is no promise or renote that obligates Mr. Rochon to personally be pay Mr. Iano,
Iano, said rather Rochon's suit says, Heising as sole source of repayment was supposed to be
Rochon's sale of stock in various companies.
In his counter-suit Rochon accused Heisinger of insider trading related to Bokar Resorts.
On September 10, 2003 Rochon and Delce, EO Michael Del's private investment firm proposed
they buy Bokar Resorts for $16 a share.
The suit says Rochon, a Bokar Resorts director and his former president ledges the Heising
Gis and related entities began directly by large quantities of Bokar Resorts stock after
his offer.
Bokar Resorts trading data show $339 shares change hands over two days span beginning
September 10, the average daily trading volume and preceding month was about 25,000 shares.
Rochon and the suits as he told Handley after making the offer that the Heising Gis shouldn't
be buy Bokar Resorts stock because both had material non-public information concerning
a potential offer.
The lawsuit doesn't indicate whether Rochon took his complaints to the SEC.
Besides denying the insider trading allegation, Heisinger in court papers called the charge
immaterial.
Heisinger also contacted one of the partners of Delce firms who intimidated from proceeding
with the offer Rochon suit alleges, Heisinger calls that cream incredulous, he also done
plain Rochon's relationship with Delce firm.
But a beat that it goes on and on and this one did this, a lot of numbers in that story.
So many dollars, so many shares of stock but a beat that it would look like that.
So what happens with all these rich people get, you know, when money gets in a way, you
know never, never let anybody money.
Spare some change Mr. and no sorry, I don't want to ruin our relationship like that, you
know, right?
Right.
Here's the final result of Chris's sensational poll which actor has been most hyped cast
by a character that he or she portrays.
A thousand and six votes is my final tally selling.
What do you got?
The Lemitech?
This one takes a lot of load over here.
A thousand and six is what I have.
James Gandalf Fini is totally soprano, 120.
Bob Denver is Gillian, 112.
William Shatner kept in jerk, 109.
Speak of that, don't forget we got jerks at 2 to 4 this afternoon.
Captain Jerks.
Adam West is Batman 63.
Sean Connelly is James Bond 48.
Henry Winkler Arthur Fonzie Fonzerolli, 44.
Jim Neighbors, GAY, Gilmour Pyle 43.
Don Knox is body 541.
Tony Perkins, GAY, Norman Bates 38 and Psycho.
Max Bayer Jr. Jethro Bodine, Bodine, Bodine, whatever it is, 37.
Ever shop at Bodines?
No.
Overpriced.
Are they all now Macies or what?
Don't know.
And don't care.
No.
Ed O'Neill, Al Bundy 33, Cheech and Chong is themselves 32.
I still don't understand that.
Carol O'Connor, Archie Bunker 32.
Mark Campbell, Luke Skywalker 29.
See, it doesn't make any sense because actor actress, the implication in the question of
the pull is that it's somebody character actor playing some other character.
Not somebody as themselves.
Well, those were their characters.
They just happened to be based on their names, but that's not true.
Carol O'Connor, Archie Bunker 32.
Mark Campbell, Luke Skywalker 29.
Marlon Brando, Don Coyote on 27.
Joliel White, Erkult 26.
Gary Coleman is Arnold 22.
I'm sure Gladys is last time I'm going to read this too long.
Too many names, too many numbers.
Fred Gwyn, Herman Munster 16.
Barbara Eden, Jeanne 16.
McCauley Culkin, Home Alone 15.
Widow Without Michael Jackson.
Red Fox, Fred Stanford 14.
Jimmy Walker, JJ 14.
I'm going to play that theme you'll hear it.
Good time, I love you.
How do you say that?
Now what about Chris?
Do you like that theme or what?
That's okay, nothing special.
Nothing special.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Don Adams, Messwell, Smart Twom.
Alan Alder, Hawkeye, Pierce 11.
Andy Griffith, Sheriff Andy Taylor, 10.
Sherman Humsley, George Jefferson 8.
Richard Thomas John Boy with a big, well done, is it?
A word?
Melanoma.
Warts new, John Boy, 7.
Yeah, Melanoma.
John Kazal, Frato 6.
Daniel Radcliffe, Harry Potter 5.
Kim Fields, 2D from Faxilife 4.
David DeCompany, Fox Molder 4.
Andy Griffith, Natlock 3.
Al Lewis, Grandpa 2.
He's got a pair.
Fade out of way, Joan Crawford, 2 and 20 Randall, Felix under 1.
He's still dead, 20 Randall.
A lot of dead people on that pool.
So we got the new one up now.
Halle, Luya, let's hear it.
Don't you like it a lot?
Yeah.
Well, I made it easy now by adding a rich one there, you know?
Yeah.
What that you are, you don't like it?
Oh, it's fine.
I voted for Rich.
Do you like it?
Well, you are.
A lot of people.
Missing from here.
What?
A lot of things missing from here.
Well, add a monitor, like what?
Like Jewish, you anti-Semite?
Like Cuban.
You prefer to use that?
You got my team know in there.
And that's something.
You meet somebody from Germany.
You say, hey, there it goes, a Dutch lander.
Or do you say that's a German?
How about East Bin on Berliner?
What?
See?
Why sure came back with a JFK, what is it?
They would have said, East Bin on Ladner.
Off to Viba.
Off to Lever with onions and bacon.
Now what restaurant, which one was it?
I think Vila Dully.
No.
I'm talking about that.
I'm talking about just, you weren't there, Lucille's.
Oh, okay, no.
Wasn't that on the menu of Chris?
Sure, yeah.
Well, you don't know, because you probably don't like Lever
onions.
Never had it.
Don't you want to try it?
Well, what does that mean?
You don't want to try it.
Just because it's an organ.
What do you think you're eating when you eat in a hamburger, huh?
You're up meat, man.
Ground up flesh.
Do you know what the liver's purpose is?
Yeah.
All the toxins go in there.
I didn't say that.
It's good for you.
But it's good for you.
If it's cooked just right and it's got the onions just...
Oh, man.
I agree.
But he's an expert, you know.
I never thought I would.
He said, I don't want to try it.
Well, try it.
No.
I'll tell you what.
I'll eat tongue when you eat liver.
I'll never eat tongue.
I would die before I would eat that.
Oh, my God.
I have a tongue sandwich.
That's like saying, I have a tongue sandwich, you know?
Why?
It's a tongue's a muscle.
Ah!
I could say something, but I won't.
I read heart.
What that you aren't, would you like to be for a day?
Rich 22.
Young for it.
That's what I voted for.
Oh, please.
Female 2, gay 2.
Circumstrized 1.
Male 1.
Black 1.
White 1.
Nunga for Jewish uncut.
Old straight.
Anglo or Latino?
Out of 34.
Latino.
Don't we have a bit?
I might have to be a Latino.
Yeah.
We do?
Here it is.
Latino.
I want to be a Latino.
He wants it.
There's a million more in the world.
There's a million more in the world.
I want a girl named Juan Dino with bump like air, face blue eyes and big gold chains
A la Tino
A la Tino
A la Tino
I want you a la Tino
I want you a la Tino name has turned
He wore a blue bandana dot to his eyes
He had baggy army pants that sat way down
He had a white muffle shirt that was way too tight
A la Tino
A la Tino
A la Tino
A la Tino
A la Tino
A la Tino
A la Tino
A la Tino
A la Tino
A la Tino
A la Tino
Welcome to another edition of what would be
The final edition of the Jack Show
No, no, no people, don't be fooled by the rules
I ain't going anywhere
In the brule bit, I'm yelling a little bit
Yeah, this here's your trucker, it's nothing up from down under
To wrap your brain around a labyrinth of nothing
But me, it's nothing about the heat
A fantastical basketball team with a fabulous expense account
Think that's all I ever told to us
Well, I got news for you
I got your walk right here, Obi
Well, I can talk about Blue Mildred, love other than this
What's hootsin' heat? How about that, huh?
How about that Gameless Light?
Huh? How about that? I always talk about B-Ball
How about that? Cause I have a dreamy expense account
With the heat? How about that?
I've been radio long enough to know the audience doesn't expect anything more than the only thing I've concerned with
How about that? So the room is done now! How about that? I ain't going nowhere! How about that?
I'm staying back! Staying back, you hear me?
Uh, but the cafeteria adds! How about that? You found me? I found you! How about that?
Oh, wait a little bit, I gotta reload the cord
How about this?
Okay, 1218 at 560 WQAM
I'll find it
There it is, here's my battery
Well, is this printing something out? You know? Sometimes it's like an extra page and it just don't, it don't do it when you want it
Senator Hillary Clinton and her husband Bill don't see eye to eye when it comes to a controversial free trade-packter campaign says
Oh my god
Swellery starts to oppose as a free trade agreement with Columbia, but her husband the former president supports it
Clinton's campaign spokesman Jay Carson told the AP that her opposition to the deal is clear and firm
Like other Mary Kuppels who disagree on issues from time to time, she disagrees with her husband on this issue
President Clinton has been public about his support for Columbia's request for US trade preferences since 2000 he told AP
According to Associated Press, Bill Clinton raked in 800 grain from Gold Service International, a development group based in Bogota, Columbia that supports the Columbia Free Trade Deal
The payment was for appearances in Mexico, Columbia, and Brazil in 2005
Earlier this week Clinton Steve Stranded just Mark Penn resigned amid controversy about a meeting he had with Columbia and officials to promote the pack
Penn said he met the officials not as a Clinton representative but rather in his capacity as chief of his pubic relations company, Burst and Mark Sellers
Penn called the meeting an error in judgment that will not be repeated and apologized that prompted Columbia's government to fire the company Saturday calling the remarks
They lack a respect for Colombians, they got the good stuff baby, that's why we respect them just like the Jamaicans, they got the good stuff
Right? I don't know, is that why we respect Jamaicans money?
Never scored, I'll take it today, is that why all the guys love Bob Marley? It's not because he made great music
Did he make any music? Yeah, I love for you
For whom? The Bell Tools
See we shouldn't have put rich on that poll because that's going to win, that's going to be a runway winner
But that's all right, at least they'll be honest about it, we'll be wrong with being rich for a day man, you could have yourself a ball, a blast
Though he resigned as chief strategist, he couldn't campaign said Penn will still advise the campaign, so whoever maintains her stance is clear
And says she doesn't think the fallout of a rependial herder campaign, like like she's going to say, oh I think that's the end, let's get out of this
Who the hell writes this crap? In an interview yesterday she suggested she'd get with a matter more definitively than Obama did when he faced a similar situation
Contrast that's a Senator Obama's campaign where as far as I know nothing was ever done on one of his topic economic advisors representing the campaign
Unlike Mr. Paine who was not representing the campaign, but Mr. Obama's representative told the Canadian government basically
Not to pay any attention to what Senator Obama was saying about NAFTA, she told CNN Tuesday, of course so that's not what really happened
Clinton and Topades were sharply critical of Obama after his reports on top economic advisors suggested were Canadian official that Obama was not a supportive of changes to NAFTA as the Illinois Senator claimed to be on the campaign trail
And then of course it turns out there was one of Hillary's people that told him that, it was a big step, Symice here, and who cares? Who cares about the Canadian Zay?
Clinton went on to win Ohio by double digits, campaigning on Tuesday, slithery, reiterated or pushed to defeat the Columbia Free Trade Agreement, not before Congress
Free Trade Agreement don't sit well with everyone in Pennsylvania which is home to more than 800,000 union voters and a lot of corruption and a lot of gangsters, stuff like that
You know gangsters? All the turp, Pennsylvania is next battleground for them, April 22, 158 delegates at stake
We've got to have new trade policies before we have new trade deals and then it includes no trade deal with Columbia while violence against trade unions continues in that country, she said while campaigning last week
I'll bet you're above it just slaps the crap out of her next time he's anywhere near that bitch
A lot of cash coming in for bubble, you know what?
Yep, the Columbia Trade Act is in the first issue that's caused the Clinton's to butt heads, thinning red headlines earlier this week when she called on President Bush to skip the opening ceremonies of this year's Olympic Games in Beijing, a move that revived memories of what her team considers one of her finest foreign policy moments, her speech in that city is first lady challenging the Chinese government on its woman's rights record
In fact the senators get tough policy on China on a host of issues has been one of the hallmarks of her presidential run since it began
Bill Clinton took in with the Chinese government over human rights during his first White House run but removed human rights standards from China's most favorite nation requirements and became the first US president to visit the country since the Tiananmen Square crackdown
Both moves drew sharp criticism from those women in the party who believe this Clinton herself does the greater public pressure was needed to bring about reform in China
And the senators repeatedly insisted she'd always been a fierce opponent after even though we know it's a lie and she was one of those who was peddling it along with Bubba never less
She just thinks everybody's got old timers like McCain, you know?
Oh, remember that I was against it after I was for it and then I was against it again and then I was for it for a little one and I'm against it
Right, right
Oh, there's Ari, what's his name?
She was felching.
She was responded that it's Ali felching and CNN next president of the United States instructed him.
Boy, look at her.
At least you don't have the vest on.
You don't know if she does have a vest.
Everyday she's got a different vest on.
Best by test.
That's Ali felching on CNN.
You know who's what what's her name?
I forgot.
Brown.
Something brown.
Fudge brown.
Boxy girl.
They got all these bubbleheads and NBC's got one which I can't think either one of their names.
Just bubblehead and they ask those stupid questions and they're talking to the...
It's like Solide that doing that piece on James Earl Ray.
Solide that O'Brien.
That would be like the beast doing a piece on something.
Anything serious?
How's the beast doing by the way?
Are they still talking to that executive order by Zach Srinohol's sway now?
Is it old and sway?
Back?
Dota.
75 votes on your new pool and we got a thousand in the first one boy.
Chris is often running with a good pool.
This is not a bad one.
But what George says.
Like look at that.
Just for one day I'd like to be a female.
11 people say that.
And some of them might even be female already allegedly.
Right.
Maybe Janet Reno voted.
Maybe the word is feminine.
But that would not be good to put because that implies...
By that and we know all these people even in San Francisco trying to put out the flame.
Then that strike used to be a little bit the incongruous.
Incongruous?
Incongruous?
When he asked in a rackia fish...
Oh they're hot going to try to get in Carl 11 and what is it?
It was bifocus.
Don't you love guys like the bifocus down over the sympathy notes?
Of course he's got that big Jewish nose.
So that's a good thing for him.
Otherwise the bifocus would probably fall on the floor and that's not good.
See so those people who knock big noses.
Sometimes they have a big schnais.
Right?
Alright. Especially if you do a lot of coke.
Now why would you need a big nose to do a lot of coke?
Well you could put more coke up in there.
Yeah that's true.
You don't have to lean as far down towards the mirror when you got a big nose.
I see an art mark.
And you can stick the whole razor blade in there too and kind of clean it out.
77. Oh I love it when we get 77 votes on the pool because then I can play that thing.
Somebody write me a saying!
Yeah.
Which hobby's checkers?
I wonder if they're still in business.
I'm going to lose some weight.
I'm going to call up a choppy checker.
I don't want to eat those grapes though.
I like grapes.
But grapes are our carbs.
You know.
Right.
They're delicious carbs that are worth cheating on.
I'm going to tell you something.
If I don't get my blood sugar down I'm going to be blind.
I'm going to be amputated.
I'm going to be your leg.
Yeah that's right.
Both of us.
Soar your legs a lot.
I'm just telling you right now it's been months since my blood sugar has been anywhere near what it needs to be.
Do us all a favor would you?
What's that?
Cut the crap.
Can I get it down there one day?
Get it down.
Just this one time.
But that means no crap today, no ice cream, no candy.
And you don't want to keep starting to do all those malo cups.
Yeah I love it.
Was it him who had crisped it brought up?
I'll still make them and how delicious they are.
They got that marshmallow inside.
Mmm.
They're making with poison.
Mmm.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm going to have like one each time.
I think sports leader.
Deal got out of the WQL.
Where the faggages are.
Yeah.
Oh mama.
Use our time to date.
Oh mama.
Get out of the world.
Don't care whose name is just a fly, go swallow.
Oh mama.
You be the only one.
You be the only one.
You be the only one.
We'll still be around.
And no film, cause you leave your room.
Never come on out.
Use our time to date.
Oh mama.
Get out of the world.
Don't care whose name is just a fly, go swallow.
Oh mama.
You be the only one.
We love your ice cream.
Shake it.
Got the thing.
Or the way the wash is done.
And let's party in the democratic party.
And the way you make this speech is big.
The girls shielding off.
Do you do you.
Never do you do you.
Keep the dark sense out of wash.
You do you do you.
First day games.
Kill and release.
Kill and release.
And the way you can't replace.
Every public can't squeeze.
Oh mama.
You be the only one.
Oh mama.
Not no more.
Give your room.
You know.
We'll still be around.
And no film, cause you leave your room.
Never come on out.
Oh mama.
Use our time to date.
Oh mama.
Get on the boat to free the old bar.
Don't cherish things.
I'll just buy those farts.
Oh mama.
Yes, he's sure as well.
You're right.
Anyway, this poll is somebody soon.
And this is Ancana Fly with me.
No.
You like this poll?
As much as any other, I guess.
Followed to the best movie line.
What's your favorite line from a TV show or series?
I don't think there's such a thing.
Obviously they've got a lot of stories on it.
We're going to read these lines from TV shows.
People.
People?
I kiss my grits.
I remember people were saying that for a while after that.
Yeah, I kiss my ass.
No soup for you, sign film.
Yeah.
Kiss my grits, Alice.
Seriously, raised an enemy.
Who loves you, baby?
Kojah.
Right.
What you talking about, Willis?
Different words.
People say who is this?
People.
Actually, what you talking about, Willis?
Yeah.
I mean, you don't get around.
You don't talk to anybody or know anybody or speak to anybody.
But nevertheless, people do that.
Any Americans I should say.
And you know what?
Thank God.
I guess.
Dino Mike.
Oh, yeah.
I'm talking about Elizabeth.
This is the big one, Sanford and the Sun.
I'm not touching that line.
How are you doing from friends?
Yesterday was a very good year for Masha.
Many more says to be supplied.
No, I'm not like that.
All right.
I don't.
What?
Whatever.
I'll put it down here at the bottom in case one day I'm going to be really, really, really desperate.
Now, here's something we really need.
Book of heart.
How else is it?
We need it.
It's like a locking complex.
They say in China.
Somebody sends this.
It says, it's a minor point of interest.
Very minor.
Since every book turned film goes through revisions.
In the original Godfather novel, which by the way the book was better than the movie, I know a lot of people don't believe that's possible.
Trust me while I tell you the book.
They always say that.
You know what?
I still eat.
I don't care whether you eat it or not.
I'm not trying to look.
You haven't got time to eat.
Exactly.
You don't have enough coherent time in your life to be reading or book.
There's no question.
In the original Godfather novel, it is Tom Hagen, who knows what the Sicilian message is, and Michael, not Sonny, who asked what the rap fish means.
And Clemens and Tessio both have lines that relate to that specific verbal exchange.
There was a lot of this is from the book.
There was a lot of murmur of voices in the kitchen.
Clemens went out to see what was happening.
When he came back, he was holding Luca Brasi's bullet proof vest in his hands.
Rapt in the vest was a huge dead fish.
See, in the movie, it's Tessio that goes out and brings it back.
Clemens is sitting there on his ass.
Clemens said, Drali, the Turk has heard about his spy polygato.
Tessio said, just as Drali, and now we know about Luca Brasi.
Sonny little cigar, Turkusha, to whiskey.
Michael be welded, said, what the hell is that fish mean?
It was Hagen the Irisher, the consulieri who answered him.
The fish means that Luca Brasi is sleeping on the bottom of the ocean.
He said, it's an old Sicilian message.
So in the book, it's Tom Hagen who says,
Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes.
Now I think we can safely conclude that it's not Tom Hagen in the movie who says,
Luca Brasi sleeps with the fish.
Unless all of a sudden he's there like a voice change or like a body change.
Or something like that.
Our crowd-mic friend does not say.
Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes.
So now we've got, you know, 85 different versions of it.
How does our music be guided?
Swimmery cancels.
Oh my god.
What?
She just annoys the hell out of me.
I don't want to sound like I'm picking on her, but I am.
She annoys the hell out of me.
She annoys the, speaking of drugs, which you were earlier and I have no idea why.
This is supposed to be a family show right here in the middle of the day when the kids are around.
In school we can talk about whatever we want. We're safe.
Not in the summertime though when you're on.
Mm-hmm.
You better think about that this summer when I have my splendid summer schedule.
You better think about that.
What?
That when you're on in the midday, subbing for me or whatever you want to call it on those Monday, Wednesday and Friday shows,
that there are kids out of school listening.
They don't want to hear you talking about smoking a hero.
Little kids.
I'm not talking about you.
Yeah.
Oh, you got all over little kids now in the school.
Little kids.
You're one of the pop-ups.
You're one of the pop-ups, right?
You're talking about five and six years of your smoking dope.
Pop-ups.
You're a station.
You're a station.
Because then you probably buy some from them.
Oh, and speaking of that, here we go.
I have a great accidental even on websites touting the mind-blowing powers of
Salvia Divenorum.
Come on, subbing the Hallucinogenic River, our company by warnings.
Time is running out.
Stack up how you still can.
Have you heard of that?
I don't know what it might be.
Yeah, we talked about it.
I haven't tried it.
We talked about it with whom?
The audience and people who called it.
Some have tried it and some have not.
Probably some people say saliva.
Divenorum.
I made that joke.
Wasn't a joke.
Okay, it wasn't.
That's because this species of Salvia is being targeted by lawmakers concerned that the inexpensive
and easy to obtain plant could become the next marijuana.
Oh, my God.
Oh, boy.
Eight states including Illinois of Placed Distortions on Salvia Divenorum and 16 others considering
a ban or had previously.
Now what's that bit called?
From the movie from...
Oh, a criminal.
The marijuana movie.
Which bit?
That bit where he's going on about the...
It's not really a bit.
It's an excerpt from the movie.
He's going on about the evils of marijuana.
Oh, oh.
Yeah.
Oh, it's from a reframatism.
Very good.
See?
If you've been penalized for that...
You are the sc lives.
You can do people dealing with a growers vacancy education.
I'm the subject of my topics in general.
The bread not a walnut, he's not Hitler.
Right, the bread made a walnut.
As soon as we start making one drug illegal, kids start looking around for other drugs
they can buy legally.
This is just the next one said Florida State Representative Mary Brandonburg, who's
introduced to building a position of Selvia Divinorme Follini, punishable by up to five
years in prison.
Five years in prison for a Selvia Divinorme.
I think I'm going to start groaning on my balcony here.
On January 1, Selvia Divinorme became a schedule one substance in Illinois.
Possession or sale as a felony would legal consequences as severe as those for heroin or LSD.
As if.
Some say legislators are overreacting to a minor problem, but no one disputes that the
plant impairs judgment and the ability to drive.
Whatever it's explained, there must be a lot of it here.
I mean, that's why they drive like they do.
Oh my God, you have never even in sunrise.
You've never seen so many people driving so slow.
So slow like Jesus, like they're making time on, on, huh?
Native to Mexico and still growing there.
I'll see all the all the wild stuff is in Mexico.
I know that.
Trust me.
Selvia Divinorme generally a smoke that can be chewed or made into a tea and drank, although
it says here and drunk.
It can be made into a tea and drunk.
Drunk is a.
Nobody speaks English right anymore.
Called Sally D. Magic Mint and the Vierer Sage, the species of Selvia, a hallucinogen that
gives out a body sense of traveling through time and space, emerging with an animate
object like the guy who was banging the picnic table.
Remember that last week, Chris?
Yep.
That British guy who was a screw in the picnic table.
Yeah, I was scared.
Unlike hallucinogens such as LSD or PCV, Selvia is a fixed life for a shorter time,
generally up to an hour.
Selvia Divinorme is not one of the many varieties of ornamental garden plants known
as Selvia.
No known debts have been attributed to Selvia's use, but it was listed as a factor in
one Delaware teen suicide two years ago.
Parents I would say are pretty clueless at Jonathan Appell, an assistant professor
of psychology and criminal justice at Tipham University, Ohio, who studied the plant's
emergence.
It's much more powerful than marijuana.
Better get you some, George.
That's right, I'm good.
Selvia short-lasting effects in the fact that it is currently legal make it seem more
appealing to teens, lawmakers say.
It's hard to say how widespread the use of Selvia is.
A study by the US Department of Health and Human Services found that just under 2% of
people, age 18 to 25, surveyed in 2006 reported using Selvia in the past year and the other 98%
want to know where to get some.
What's your biggest name?
The best out of two.
This is my largest 4.506 QAM.
The sports leader.
God, your breasts are beautiful.
I felt my tank up.
Now as I didn't know I'd be helping finance 9.11 by giving money to Unital or Abacol
in the car live.
That's in my life, son.
That's not.
I was having a lot of pain, Jamie Baker's great things.
I make two days today.
How was I to know I was providing bathwater to the Middle East?
Well, that makes me mad again.
Every time you write a marijuana cigarette, you're helping finance run on overlords and breaking
a law based on the old movie Refer madness.
Better, Jill Joana.
Is the schedule of the old man guy.
I just met a river joint.
Now I'm way higher than you know.
Or now I just have a fistfight.
This was a second pay for by the committee to keep them advocating the dark ages.
I know, doing a hell of a good job, but to a one more thing I'm not storing about the
saliva, salvia, sea, about your saliva.
Among those who believe the commotion over the drug is overblown, is Rick Dublin of the
Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies.
What do you do?
I work with a multidisciplinary association for psychedelic studies.
A nonprofit group that research in psychedelic drugs aims to develop psychedelics in marijuana
into prescription medication.
Dublin said, Selvia is not a party drug.
It tastes terrible and it's not going to be extremely popular.
He does that teens are its main users and says, order users are more likely.
It's a minor drug in the world of psychedelics he'd be saying.
How much do you feel better now?
No, I feel as indifferent as I used to.
Well, and would you want to try it?
No.
Why not?
I've done my research and it's not for me.
Well, how do you know that?
How do you know what's for you and what's not?
That's like, say that's like, that's like, Chris, he don't want to live in onions.
He's scared of trying it.
I have my drug using policies and I stick to them.
And will he do it?
It's dangerous.
I see very carefully and cautiously and only when it sounds like something that I'd be
interested in doing, it does not.
So, there's no thing?
You mean like, I'm doing Stephen Stray from that movie?
The cover?
Like that, yes.
Hmm.
And interested doesn't come close to describing.
Interested.
Like obsessed.
Like sick with desire.
And I got news for my stage of my life.
If I'm sick for desire with anything that's moving or not, it's got to be pretty good.
Anyway, don't forget to go see George here.
He won't be moving much but he'll be sitting around on his ass at Gulf Stream 10 to
2 Friday.
We got a big week coming up.
Tomorrow we got our two for one deal.
Thursday.
Friday we got our Gulf Stream extravaganza.
Now, what are you going to be doing?
Like, once a month or once every couple of weeks?
Well, it's the Derby stuff is going on right now so they're doing it more than they normally
do.
So that means the first Saturday in May we'll be talking about Friday.
We'll be talking about Dave Johnson.
I know he's retired but is he still talking to us?
Yeah, I remember.
He called anyway.
That's how you found out.
I found out one.
Yeah, that he was retired from him during one of those calls.
Never do you believe that?
Of course I do.
Why would he love it?
He has made more money, man.
That guy, in fact, when you talked to him this time, tell me one alone.
For the grand reopening of CompUSA, 1740 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale.
Come back for great savings on all your computer needs and to win some cool, it says your QM
prizes.
Cool prizes.
Anybody believe that?
Awesome QM stuff.
CompUSA is back.
Go see George Saturday.
Tindy No.
Now, where's that North Federal in Fort Lauderdale?
Right.
No.
Well, that's right.
Near where some of your people are, some of your fans.
I don't want to make you any names.
Who?
I don't know.
Isn't Fort Lauderdale or some of your chronic...
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Those fans.
Yeah.
So maybe we can do a double-headed this week and go see George at Delfton Friday and then
go see him again Saturday and say, what do you do?
Do you do what you see me yesterday?
Ha, ha, ha.
Yeah.
And see which one of George's guns is really loaded this week?
Days.
What are these days?
Speak out of that guy who died and you don't want to talk about it.
I find it...
It's just another example of the way the media reports things.
I mean, he showed the picture of the guy.
I know you don't care about this, but I'm just telling you it's a news story.
The guy looked to me like he was maybe the late 20s or early 30s.
All of this may be 35 at the tops, okay?
Senior alkydor planner.
Albedaya?
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh.
Oh, oh, oh.
official said today. The sense is that he is dead. The official said speaking on
condition by an enemy with classy newspapers reported that Mosque died of
hepatitis in Pakistan. The official said Mosque appeared to have died of
natural causes. Well I see. So at least we've got a cross. Hepatitis, bad liver.
Maybe that's going to be Chris's next meal. On Mosque's liver. Look like it.
With bacon and onions and oh man cooked nice and well done. Right. I mean
that's one thing about liver. There's no such thing as ordering liver like
rare or medium or like medium. Oh God. Order it nice and well done. Nice and dark
brown. Fudge brown. He was a major operational figure. The West facial said of
al-Masriia. Sood in them. What does that mean?
Sood in them? No I know what the word means but what does that line mean? I guess
that wasn't his real name. He confirmed that Mosque was suspected in the
Plotterblom airliners over the Atlantic. The Washington Post in 2006 also said
he was believed to be al-Qaeda's conduit to British Pakistan. He sells the
Curied Outfit July 7 2005 public transit bombings which killed 56 people in
London. He was someone who went ties to operations out of the South Asia
region. A kind of lost something when this man died. The West facial said he
said however they do have a regenerative capability. He declined to discuss
Mosque's whereabouts when he died. Much of al-Qaeda's key leadership is
believed to be hold up and remote areas of Pakistan are the Afghan border. You
know our good friends the Pakistan? They're packing them again. They're
packing all the terrorists in there. For housekeeping. For safekeeping.
Mosque had been reported killed in 2006. Mosque in Pakistan and later that
year, another Mosque strike in different Pakistan. He's got the head more
lives than a cat but now he's lived his last one. Al-Masriia. He had the head
his other name on the run scene and so he's got a bunch of names you know.
There's one thing I can't stand. People with like a whole bunch of names.
Like you like your people man with 85 names. Oh when you go like that.
Five people used to make a plane reservation for a pocket or one of his friends
is like oh it's like a Ramir Eduardo Nunez Sanchez.
The whole family tree. It's easy to figure out who you're related to. Is that
what that's all about? Yeah. We must have a lot of relatives like you know it.
What that you aren't would you want to be for a day? Is there a pool? I think
it's pretty not bad for Charlie Beats sensational. I squad Charlie good come back.
Maybe he regenerated his batteries when he was in Europe those two months.
He recharges his battery and speaking of that nothing is on the floor. It's nice
and quiet. It's been last forever and then that's the one the power goes out.
But that thing only lasts for what? Like hour and a half? It depends. The more
expensive they are the longer they last you know. Well this one was like about
four hundred bucks. So maybe the last few hours? No it was under an eighty bucks.
Last about two minutes. And it depends on of course what.
How much is what? What you're drawing. What you pull? How much juice you're pulling?
Oh well it's running everything in here man. How much juice you're pulling?
Yeah. I got a good line for that. I bet you do. I said yep. It's running
everything I believe. Well you got two plugs plugged in the back of it
and it's plugged into the wall. Now like I asked Erica stupid question. I mean I know
the answer obviously I could plug those two things into the wall and bypass that
unit. Yeah but you don't want it. And then but then of course if the power ever
goes out then everything goes out. Wait a minute I don't want to want to
defeat the whole purpose of having that thing. If you do that.
But then those batteries my last for like 50 years. I'll still be on here in 50
years doing a show. You won't you'll be dead. But I'm gonna be living forever.
You'll see. Well start drinking. At least another week.
Okay what would you rather be for a day that you aren't now? Rich 73 young 17.
How about young and rich? Female 50. On cut seven black six gay four male three Jewish one.
Now that was your idea. Why would anybody who wasn't Jewish want to be Jewish? Why not?
You don't have to be Jewish to eat Delhi. I know. So what would be what would be different?
All those days off. All those days off right you can get a day off. You never have a day off.
Do I have no? No. No. No. Go ahead and don't have. You can go to somebody's bar mitzvah and you know
what it eats. Go ahead and do the same thing. You don't have to be Jewish to go to some of
these bar mitzvah. Are you crazy? 20 days of presence on a row. That's right. 12. Showbiz
connection just for a day you get connected and show business and then you have to look at it.
Second lawyer one. That's right. Straight one. Latin one. Oh you got Eric by the short hairs.
Many took the old one. I told him. Even after I played that bit I want to be a lot teen.
I mean that's just a bunch of people to prove anything. Oh.
Do you prove anything just because a bunch of grease balls like to identify them.
One and just one and just one and just one. A bunch of people decided to eat them.
Doesn't make a correct English. Anglo none. Now it's interesting. Leave it to me. You do look at
the penis ones. Of course. 7 and circumcised only one.
Now why do you think that is? I don't know. Maybe that's what Shaq talks about.
What does it mean? That icy hot sleeve. Maybe they want to see what it's all about.
Maybe that's the sleeve he's talking about. You know what? He does a spot.
For icy hot sleeve. Is he still doing a spot? I sure hope not. I don't want to see him
no more without gigantic head. God has he got a huge head.
Almost as big as Lou doves. Everything Lou doves his head takes up the whole screen.
It's the very big head. That's the show.
Screaming and wailing and yeah. The middle class, the destruction, the middle class and the illegal aliens.
It's right. He's right. He's right. He's right.
It's right. Oh yeah. Just his stir. I'm not saying he's wrong but my god.
Oh and he did a pull. I guess it was on IOD. Maybe Dave Lamont with his farts.
Because somebody I think PD Langy somebody and then a fat boy.
He emailed it to me a few days ago.
Who's the angryest man in South Florida? I want to hands down your pants.
I'm gonna try to find that. Did you see it? No. I have like 86% of the hoes.
Angry. What? Me angry? Since when?
I got his name. Just because I work here and in the market.
I'm a 40 or 5 or 62. I'm a 40 person leader.
I'm a 42 hour. We're gonna have a great time guys.
Poor friends decided to vacation in Mexico. My enroulings we got to see that to experience the culture of another country.
But sometimes the most planned out vacation can go wrong.
Where's that?
Man! Who's here a minute ago?
What was that?
No!
Sorry guys.
Jesus! I've got another courtesy flush.
God!
Don't move too fast. Don't breathe too heavy.
And whatever you do.
When in Mexico don't drink the water.
The runs.
To be out playing in the flush in Meadows.
One o'clock now. There was a little something in there. Just a little tiny something.
What? I don't know.
I didn't hear anything.
I'm monitored before I played it. I was afraid I'd be like a loud burst.
Like the bombs bursting in air.
Right here.
The air bomb.
Sean Hamali would like to say, you and I are bonding pretty good now.
Or chums.
It's got two more good pulls here. Good ones.
Although the first one you won't like is sports.
What's the most exciting playing sports? That's not a bad pull.
And we have to add on there. I don't like sports. I hate sports.
I'm like George. I'm a party poover.
Or, but I do like the other one.
What movie scene was the most disturbing?
And here's the list that he's got.
Man rape and deliverance.
Cop torture and reservoir dogs. You keep telling me don't see that movie and I won't.
Right.
Have you seen a Chris?
Yep.
And Mr. Pink.
Thought what was that mean?
It's in the movie.
It's all like Mr. Pink, Mr. White.
That wasn't a question.
It was a movie.
I mean, it's a.
The question is will Neil like it?
Probably not.
Midnight Express or Billy.
Making hotel fight.
Burnt.
Cobling in misery.
That's semi.
That's a.
I was just.
It was disturbing.
Trust me.
Was it?
It irked me.
What do you mean trust me?
I haven't seen that movie like 10 times.
No, it irked me.
Trust me that it had an effect on me.
Oh, come on.
Spider walk in the exercise where she goes back.
Now wait a minute.
I'm confused now.
The stone staircase fall in the exercise.
That's when I was thinking of what's the spider walk in the
they you know they rereleased the movie if you recall.
And they added.
I got it.
They added scenes that they had not put in the original one.
And she walks backwards down the stairs.
Right.
That's what I thought that was.
Then what's the stone circle?
Oh, that's right.
That's when uh whatever.
Nago is helping also also away and back over ass.
Yes.
Rifties telling Midnight Express.
Kid hides from the Nazis and Symba's list.
The cornfield in Casino.
The clutter murders in cold blood.
The gallows in cold blood.
Escape from posse body and clad.
Mother explains all the manchurian candidate.
Tucking in the children titanic.
Mother dragged away Dumbo.
Bayonets stabbing and saving private Ryan's
privates Russian roulette deer hunter.
Is that my daughter Mr. Griver and stung up a
strung up by Cheskin a man called horse.
What about when um what's his name?
Hannibal Lecter.
He eats the guys a flesh on his skin off his face.
We actually saw that.
Well, no, you don't see it.
Oh, well then how could it be a scene?
Disturbing.
But there's some in him.
What about well,
the out of the disturbing or scary not the same thing, right?
Right.
But for example, in one stranger calls.
Right.
And she picks up the phone.
Have you checked the children?
Then that's disturbing.
Isn't it?
Yes.
Yes, scary.
Have you checked the children?
It's scary.
Oh, okay.
That's another pool.
Scariest moment in any movie.
Anyway, we got we got pulls up the old earlobe now.
We got many pull.
That's good.
Whoo.
I feel I feel relieved now.
Maybe that's that joy set of last hour.
Every now and then there's something like that happens.
It just shocks the hell out of you know like oh gee,
why am I doing this again?
Did you ever have that happen?
Like how come this is going on again?
I mean, you know when you're doing a lot of rejoicing and rejoicing.
Right.
No, as a matter of fact, I had that feeling.
I think I'm going to have it on core.
Really?
Maybe before the show.
On core performance, baby.
York Pennsylvania,
we said you're this rotesque story.
A two year old drill died,
after being beaten with a video game controller
by her mother's boyfriend,
police said yesterday.
There is a bell by his mother.
Overheard the beating Sunday.
But then do I think until she realized the girl was unconscious,
police said.
Derrissabelle by his.
The girl was pronounced dead late and I made her she medical center.
Homicide was added listed charges against
Harvail Johnson Tuesday.
He was already in jail on counts including aggravated assault
and reckless endangerment.
Sounds like an ice guy.
The girl's mother,
Needeye Biaz,
was charged with
endangering the welfare of a child.
It was clear what the girl's name was.
Derrissabelle.
Well, the making difference what it is now,
she's still dead.
It was clear from the bruises and other injuries
on Little Girl's body that Sunday wasn't the first time she'd been abused.
Doffin County Coroner Graham Hedrick told WGAL TV.
He said it was one of the worst cases of child abuse he'd ever seen.
That's D-A-U-P-H-I-N.
Doffin.
Like Hank used to call the Doffins.
Remember that?
The Humper?
Yeah.
How's that for Dylan Chris?
Um, I don't know.
By his 19 call from ambulance Sunday and said Johnson
brought the unconscious child to her,
limp and went from an attempt to revive her in a bad tub.
Johnson 26 acknowledged beating the girl with a video game
controller, but didn't say why.
By S. Ed Johnson, an abused girl in the past year,
the girl screamed after Johnson beat her on Sunday.
She sounds like a hell of an upstanding mother, doesn't she,
do you?
Oh yeah.
Bitch.
Detective Dana Ward said bias was charged because she didn't
intervene or try to get help for Derrissabelle.
Johnson and bias remained in custody.
Tuesday his bail was set at 200 grand.
Her is 25 grand.
Through police, family members declined requests for interview.
As court officials said, they didn't know whether
Johnson and bias had lawyers to speak for him.
Yeah, I'll speak for him.
Shoot him both.
But there's the American thing in 850 more flights cancelled today.
If you want to fly, don't fly American these days.
I don't, I don't fly that anyway.
Have you ever driven by the American terminal?
I don't know if I figure which one one it is, am I?
I must have.
Just driven by it all the time, yeah.
And it's always chaos.
I end to some people would say, well that's because it's so popular,
they fly to so many places.
But that's not where the chaos ends outside.
Inside it's chaos.
Boarding the plane to matter where you're going is chaos.
Not to mention, of course, that it's the
terrorist sayer line of choice, but nevertheless, you go ahead and you fly it.
Bill, thanks.
Shoot fly pie.
And we looked that up on Apple Band-Outie and Shoot fly pie.
It's been a long time since we missed with that.
Apple Band-Outie and Shoot fly pie, but you're crisp with like that.
Oh, and guess what?
They have a pie called Bumbleberry Pie.
They do?
I had some here a couple days ago.
I never heard of it.
I had it was, I'm not that I should be eating that, but it was delicious.
Man, what are Bumbleberries?
You want to Google it?
There's really such a thing as a Bumbleberry.
There's a Bumblebee and then there's, maybe there's a B in your bonnet.
And you ought to do a little number on it.
Bumbleberry, just like it sounds.
You got it?
He's looking for it.
I got more important things to do right now.
Like what?
Not a choice.
Like play the tune.
Yeah, yeah, I would go buried.
What is it?
The real berry, um,
let me be trying to find out where it's from.
It's a real berry.
You found it.
Right.
And Apple Band, is that kind of sure?
Showing up.
And we've been to the...
Okay, it's not a type of berry.
It's a word made up to describe a random mix of berries.
Uh-huh.
It's an addition.
Really?
So in other words, there is no such thing as a Bumbleberry in that pie.
It's got like probably raspberries and strawberries and the blueberries.
Poison berries, stuff like that.
Well, I do like...
And you know what?
What are those little berries that they have in them?
Denmark, there's some love.
You know, um,
you know, the little red berries are really tiny.
It's current.
Currents, very good.
Very, very good.
Let's give some points to George here.
Cops, video, or maybe...
It's a made up word and describe a random mix of berries used in a dish,
such as a pie.
It's usually a mixture of berries that are in season.
One that you might Bumble upon.
And so happen to be the berries.
Bumble upon or something.
Why don't they call it Stumbleberry Pie?
Well, it says Bumbleberry.
That would be better.
Bberries in need of using at that point in time.
You can even use frozen berries to create a Bumbleberry mixture.
Well, I've mentioned for Hokie they got some great Stumbleberry Pie.
There are certain things that you just...
I mean, that was 33 years ago.
I was broadcasting high school football for WGN-O West Palm.
And we went and did a...
I forget what school was in West Palm,
but whatever school was, sunset or something,
whatever high school.
They were playing for Hokie high.
In Pao-Hokie.
You ain't lived until you've been Pao-Hokie, baby.
And also Okachoba.
You talk about Radenex.
What is a few Radenex and Emplices?
And anyway, so we got to Pao-Hokie in time for dinner.
And we went to the diner,
had a burger or something,
and we wanted to know what they had for dessert.
And she said,
we got cherry pie and blueberry pie.
And they were like frozen.
They were like, free of punky pie.
They were frozen for about 80 years ago, you know?
From like when back when Pao-Hokie was just a little poed on town.
Haha, back in those days.
Frozen.
And like, you know, just barely thought out.
And not so good.
We got that blueberry pie.
Maybe they had that stumbleberry pie.
That was the diner.
Was the only place to eat in Pao-Hokie back then, back in the day?
Oh, by the way,
yes, it's in the ice cream.
Oh no, don't do it.
I'm going to give you a bad recommendation.
Yeah.
Just in case you're ever curious, because the white one.
In the series.
Because I like key lime pies since you're talking about pie.
Oh, I love key lime pies.
I love my key lime pies.
So when you see key lime pie ice cream, of course, you wonder,
hey, this sounds good, right?
Guess what?
I'm making it.
Oh, maybe.
I forgot.
Well, where'd you find it?
Where'd you get it?
I didn't.
The white found it at public somewhere.
So it was either of, you know, a briars or one of those things.
I don't know.
I'll check when we get home.
It's still there.
It's probably going to stay there until we throw it away.
Yeah.
Good idea.
Poor execution.
Like all those ice cream, like the candy bar ice cream.
Uh-huh.
And briars makes a lot of those.
And most of them, other than that turtle, most of them suck.
And they sound like Snickers ice cream.
How bad could a Snickers ice cream be, you know, right?
Sucks.
M&M, M&M ice cream.
Faa.
Here they got Smarties ice cream.
Faa.
Fui.
Baa.
Doug Thompson says maybe it's not worth it.
This article is, um, it's, it's, you know, he's great and he writes.
He tells it like it is and I love the death and I read a lot of his stuff on the air.
But he's like, uh, he's always under verge of like throwing in the towel.
You know what I mean?
And I understand where he's coming from.
Because nothing he writes or nothing that I say or read or anybody is going to change the world.
But it's just, he's always, uh, when I finish reading his columns,
I feel like killing myself, you know.
Or maybe just hop in in the car and going to Niagara Falls.
I'm gonna go to Niagara Falls.
The measure I should have is, uh,
his real budget is 435.
62 AM.
The fourth leader.
There's no fact in the church.
Stick it to the ticket.
And place a mouse and pick it.
And grab George by the ass and pick it.
My name is Barry.
Sing like a fairy.
Welcome.
I write bad songs about romance
while I'm wearing stand-ins pants.
I'm trying to shrimp me.
My songs are wimpy.
I had a series of big hits.
But that was back in 76 now.
No one loves to hear.
They only laugh and scare.
They warn him, never they owe my albums.
Because my songs are queer.
Gotta know shit like a banana.
My two fans both live in my channel.
Gotta know shit.
Like a banana.
Of my notes you can fit half of the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
I write the song.
I write all the night.
I've got a hunger.
The size of the others.
When I get a slow thought,
I'm lost.
I need to rest in here, hold it.
But now, on the case.
My life is back in place.
And so I'm singing again and singing.
My smiles in your face.
Gotta know shit like a banana.
My two fans both live in my channel.
Gotta know shit like a banana.
Of my notes you can fit half of the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
I go for never.
You fairy.
I go for never.
I go for never.
Oh, right.
117-560-W.
We got jerks.
Come up with two mad dogs from Augusta at the Masters at 4 o'clock.
And then we got UMM, the FAU baseball at 655 tonight.
Wow, followed by the Dia Show following UMM baseball.
Woo.
So anyway, one of our friends on my space says people in South Florida
can get Malacup candy.
And Las Olas chemists, 12-1 East Las Olas Bullbarden for a long day.
It says, Mark the pharmacist is super cool and carries retro candy.
Got it?
Got it.
Las Olas chemists, now you're probably thinking you want to go there
for something besides candy.
No, I'm not taking a door there.
I'll go to Jackson's.
Part of Malacup.
I've got Malacup.
They've got everything there.
It's insane.
That's much in good food.
Well, I can't go there unless I get that bludger.
Are you already told me I've got to get it down by the end?
Yeah, that's right.
Get it together, old man.
Come on, tops.
You can do it.
Before we get to the depressing dark Thompson column,
and I kill myself, Florida teachers could
freely mention religious theories about the origin of humankind,
including creationism and intelligent design,
along with evolution without fearing
retribution and the remission that passed a key senate committee
yesterday, despite sharp opposition from South Florida lawmakers.
The evolution, academic freedom act was approved
7-3 by the Senate Judiciary Committee,
and now goes to the full Senate for consideration, although no dates yet
can set the measure weights its first hearing in the house.
Senator Rhonda Storms, Republican of Val Rico,
sent you filed a bill after hearing cases of students and teachers
who felt muzzled and unable to discuss alternative theories
on the origin of life in a classroom.
She said teachers have suffered retribution from school authorities
and students have been the target of denigrating comments from other teachers.
While the measure doesn't allow any teacher to promote a specific religious doctrine,
you can hold your own religious views without being attacked for it,
Storms said it promotes the free flow of ideas,
right it promotes the brainwashing of the kids,
but a bunch of furry shells, bubble my teeth,
that's exactly what you've forbidden to go and want.
Am I right?
Yes, yes.
Brainwashing, maybe that's the only way you can get to them.
Brainwashing is especially why they're young.
Doug Thompson says maybe it's not worth it.
What do you think is it worth it?
It's not worth it.
I'll tell you how much it's worth.
Eight bucks.
He says it's dark outside when I make the first pot of coffee for the day,
adventure into the dentist, our work on each day's edition of Capital Hill Blue.
Yeah, I know this is the internet, where it news is a 24-7 cycle,
and we're supposed to be updating things around the clock.
But I'm an old newspaper man and started to square pounding hard on a manual
underwood typewriter, so the output would show up on the last page of a three-page carbon pack.
I've worked a police speed on a daily basis in Rono for Junior Back then,
when in its 6 p.m. wrote my last copy just in time for the final City Edition of 3 and AM.
Nowadays, news is instantaneous, posted at the speed of megabits on news sites,
broadcast sites and blogs.
Everybody rushes about to be the first online with latest,
be it an important store on Capital Hill, or latest shenanigans of a drugged up celebrity.
News organizations form millions into their websites,
many have separate stats that produce web-only content that often scoops the print edition.
Blogs are no longer the province of an anti-social geek working in his or her pajamas,
hopping in posters got more than 50 full-time paid employees operating out of a lot in Soho.
Those who try to compete as one person operations find themselves losing
sleep time and in some cases their lives.
Something you think about from the weekend New York Times, they work long hours off into exhaustion,
many are paid by the peace, not garments, but blog posts.
This is the digital era sweatshop you may not find different name, home.
A growing workforce of home office laborers and entrepreneurs armed with computers and smartphones
in order to the health are turning under great physical and emotional stress created by a
run-of-clock internet economy that demands a constant stream of news and comment.
Of course, the bloggers can work elsewhere in a professor-love of the non-stop act and
perhaps the chance to create a global media outlet with a major upfront investment.
At the same time, some are staring to wonder if something's going very wrong.
In the last few months, two among their ranks have died suddenly.
Two weeks ago, in North Lauderdale, Florida,
a few of the services were held for Russell Shaw, a prolific blogger went technology subway
to ride at 60-hour heart attack. In December, another tech blogger, Mark Orchent,
died at 50-year-old massive coronary, a third on Mollieck 41-year-old heart attack in December.
Other bloggers complain of weight loss or gain sleep disorders,
exhaustion, other maladies born to the non-stop strain of producing free news and information
that's always on as the internet. To be sure there's no official diagnosis of death by blogging,
and the premature device of two people obviously doesn't qualify as an epidemic,
there's also no certainty that the stressor work contributed to their deaths.
But friends and family of the deceased and fellow-information worker Sadler's deaths have
been thinking about the dangers of their work style. The pressure even gets to those who work for
themselves and are being well compensated for it. I haven't died yet, so Michael Arrington
found a recauditor of tech-courage or popular technology blog. The site has brought in millions
in advertising revenue, but there's been a hefty cost. Mr. Arrington said he's gained 30 pounds
in the last three years, developed a severe sleeping disorder, and turned his homeland into an
orifice for him and for employees. At some point he says I'll have a nervous breakdown and be
admitted to the hospital something else will happen. This is not sustainable, he said.
Capital Hill Blue isn't always has been a volunteer laborer of love on the new site,
I'm helped by three volunteer comments, who do a great job of riding extra-march needed
prospective to the site. We have a talented team of volunteer moderators who run things that
reader rent our proper discussion for him. The rest falls on me. I review the stories, design the
pages, post the articles, fix database problems, select photos, write headlines, decide story
placement, tweak the series to keep them running and when time permits, write this column. Sounds
like Eric, isn't it? Mm-hmm. Busy guy. Under a lot of stress. Capital Hill Blue was updated
each morning between 4 and 7 a.m. and I keep an eye on the news throughout the day and it updates
when necessary or proceed late. But I have other obligations, I cover news and
shoot photos for our local paper here in Florida, Virginia. I have a studio web hosting business
and a web design operation to run. Someone in the midst of all that and I try to spend time with
my wife and enjoy the country life that Amy and I came here to enjoy four years ago. The
web is an impatient hungry monster that requires constant feeding. We recently opened up the site
to allow readers to blog. The result has been a mixed bag with a lot of work that I anticipated
a correct technical error spelling and other problems. The jury is still out on the future of the
and the jury is out on how much longer I can keep this up. My health isn't as great as it could be.
I don't sleep as well as I once did and frankly I get tired of the bitching moaning and anger
that dominates so much of the internet today. I've been doing this for 13 and a half years,
that's a long time. Maybe too long says Doug Thompson. Oh don't leave us, Dougie.
What are we going to do then? I don't know something else. Yeah, probably. Read something else.
Well, you shouldn't put a dollar. Then he writes him good crack. He does and I'm a big fan,
but I get his point. It is a lot of work and source and it's probably. Yeah, and what's the
one? What are we accomplishing? Paul's suggestion here from some listener. Oh, these people at Maroonie
Dodgeman. Well, what's the story over there? Do they sell any cars? Do they do any work? I don't know.
Have you noticed? And usually they're unsigned. It's that one guy ray over there is behind most of it.
If I could relive one hour of my life, it would be, oh, I know what mine would be. But I'm not saying
any ear. When I first met my spouse, when my first child was born, when I graduated high school
or college, when I told my ex-wife through, the last time I spent with my father or mother,
oh, how, how uplifting that is. My wedding day, my wedding night, the last time I was with my best
friend or an exotic vacation I was on. You like that pool or not? It's okay. Yeah. We haven't done
that one yet. That's, that's an original one at least. Yeah. But don't you think that most people
that we're going to be honest would have like some sexual experience in mind? What, put that on there?
What? Put that on there. We're not doing it right now. See what I mean? Pushy, man. Just
fairies. Well, we get to it eventually in a couple of months to stop the mirrors and make
10 or 20 years. What? You can make it what you want it to be. And the pool too. Yeah. 197 votes
on the correct pool. What that you want would you like to be for a day? How about clean for a day
with Jack Bailey? TV show long before your time. Not to Jack Bailey from Vernon Downs. The Jack
Bailey with a mustache on TV. You could be clean for a day. And I said, what do I need that? I'm
clean for a lifetime. I got your all beat. Rich 110, young 26, female 26, uncut 11,
black 6, male 5, gay 5, Jewish 2, circumcised 2, appear straight to Latin 1, Latino, white 1, old and
Anglo, none old Anglo like me. The best talent you've ever had in your life. I should be paid
to 5.62 am the fourth leader and a republic baby only in Miami.
Now from Washington, the Maglucklin group featuring Eleanor Cliff, Jack Jermon, and sitting in
for Pat Buchanan, New York Giant Peaky Barber. Now here's John Maglucklin.
Issue 1, George Dubbier, rings or vault, Eleanor Cliff. Well done and not to say. Wrong.
Jack Jermon. Well that's not an easy choice. Wrong. Teaky Barber. I'm going to have to say to
vote wrong. Actual answer for exercise. That was a name and a choice. Next issue. Al Gore.
Favorite Broadway show. Bringing the noise, bringing the funk or cats. Eleanor, do you think it's
wrong? Well John, I have to say wrong. Jackie Jackie big Jermon. Well that's a very difficult
choice. Wrong. Teaky Barber. I'm going to have to say right. Not a choice. Wiki Teaky Barber.
You gave it an inch less than it was in a choice. Wrong. Correct response. Cats. He loves them.
Next issue. The cast of big brothers should be murdered. How? Eleanor. Wrong. Jack Jermon.
Sign of my wrong. Teaky Barber. I don't think they should be. Wrong. Actual answer.
Poison cutting. Bye bye. Bye bye. What's the only one why sure haven't seen
that show in a long time. Wonder if all those old parts are still alive.
Dodo. And we're laying in still alive. Eleanor Cliff. She's still alive. Once and
while she appears like I'm on those MSNBC talking heads of the deal. Eleanor Cliff,
I think you're swollen her. Another facts. Yeah. The stirby scene in the movie,
a little kid getting shot in the foot in the city of God. Oh yeah. The way the
story is. Somebody does yeah. I was going to say which one do I have to take this one from them.
Right. Okay. Well, let me put that. How about the. The blank getting shot in the blank from blank.
In the city of God. There was a lot of shooting going on. Even more shooting than in Peter North movie.
Now here's this thing you just facts me. I guess about that book is finally on the way.
John Rachowski, the slot machine answer book second edition. How they work, how they've changed,
how do I have the house manage and hopefully how to find a good machine man. Right.
Estimated arrival date April 11th. That's exciting news to me because I was actually starting to
doubt whether that book ever existed or. Of course it exists. You can go online and see
all about it. Good John Rachowski. He writes this column in which he says nothing which you know.
Okay. I want to sign on here. I'm grateful for the. Well, no, he's all over the Google thing.
If you Google John Rachowski. Casino City Times. Casino Answer Man.
What's the name of the book?
The song machine answer. Okay. I was just going to say that you have it there in front of you.
I mean, yeah, I'm happy. The search is here. What would you make? What would make you write off a casino?
What does that mean? Oh, losing your ass there and never getting any play. That's very simple.
Like Montreal. Getting no action. I mean, it's one thing if you get some action on there man.
And you still lose your ass. But at least still, how you realize that if you're at the right machines
at the right time, you might have had a chance as opposed to a place where they just keep taking
them away, but they give nothing back. Look what I'm having a bad day at the track back in day.
One used to play the ponies all the time. And I'd say do they have that they have cashing windows
here or just embedding windows? Do they catch any tickets? You're just a print them out.
Like that. Are you going to catch a lot Friday? I hope so or not. I need it.
So the book is on. Let me put that over here in my own. Whatever it be Friday.
Who would that be exciting or what? I'd be just in time to study for the weekend.
You put it in the toilet there. Why? It's a nice toilet reading.
No, that's not a toilet. Yeah, you're right it is.
Maybe I'll be done the air for all the stop players. You know, all the go-streams out of
Pompano and Seminole people, hard rock folks.
All the uh, and I noticed, John Richesky had a calm about some woman saying more than one
machine at a time. I hate those people. It's one thing if you go early in the morning like I do
in the weekend when there's nobody there. Who's giving me crap about that? Chris and somebody
last week from New York, crap? Not me. Probably that because you're going at like three
o'clock in the morning? No, not three. Five or six in the morning. Not three. Okay,
I used to do that. It was five or six different between three and five in the morning when it's
that early. Because three in the morning on the weekend is still a lot of people there. You can't
find a, the reason to go at six seven in the morning or five thirty is everybody is cleared out.
So you can try all the different machines. Don't you get it? I just got it.
And? No. When you go, for example, we have a fortune, I've played the dollar, we have a fortune,
there's like fourteen of them in a line against the wall with mine. I know what you're saying.
It's the fact that you're getting up at five in the morning to go lose your money.
I want twelve hundred Sunday morning. Saturday I broke even. That's how I was losing my money.
All right, then this weekend you'll lose it then.
You know something there's nothing to me. There's nothing like somebody who's an expert on
something that they know nothing about. Uh-huh. Okay. I'm not going to mention any names. I'm just
thinking out loud, you know. People who are experts on things they know a little or nothing about.
Hey, you know, I've done the gambling too. We're like to say Vegas wasn't built on losing.
A Vegas is a tourist trap. Okay. Yeah, but every casino is like that. It's the fact that you got up to like five
three in the morning to go to a casino. It's like, you know, what we didn't understand.
The can I ask you to? Can I ask you this question? Sure.
George. Yeah.
Yeah.
You remember the line in God five or three when Vincent brings in the bodyguards the twins?
Yeah. Yeah. And Connie says, are they as good as they look?
Yeah. Now, there are many times I've seen young couples where the guy is really just smoldering.
You know, and you're tempted and you would never say it. But you attempt to say the girlfriend.
Is he as good as he looks? You know, right? Is Chris's dumb as he sounds?
Um, I don't know how dumb he is. Are you going to say is he as dumb as he looks?
No, no, I'm not as he looks as he seems. I will do it.
Getting up at five o'clock in the morning to go to a casino.
Hey, I don't judge. I'm not judging. I just, you know, we've got to tell you that if that's something you
enjoy doing, that's what you want to say. That's a happy time to go. People do that to go fishing,
which sounds more exciting than going to the real five in the morning.
I'd rather find you a good machine and get a trouser trout on a hook, although, you know,
depending on who's trouser trout it is. No, they have a good machine than go fishing.
Yeah, good machine, man. Okay, whatever. How do you do whatever I want to do? How do you like it?
Probably. That's good. I got more than enough people give me instructions on how to live my life.
I sure as hell don't need a lumpy to do it, you know.
I'm not going to be in instructions on how to live your life. I was just commenting on what you did.
Yeah. And I'm just commenting on your stupid comment. It's all good.
If it gives you a better chance to win, isn't that when you want to go or you want to go there to
lose your money to make your contribution is that the idea? If you're going to go make sure that
you go when you're it's too busy and if you wind up being lucky enough to get one machine,
it's better than a door and air and you have to sit there for four hours losing your money,
feeding, feeding, feeding. Jesus, God almighty. Anyway, wait till this in bad news.
Get wait. Climate change could send the price of beer rocketing
because it might happen with the production of a key grain needed for the brew. The size scientist
is warned. Boy, George Cortis is going to have to get another grand, I guess, to buy more beer.
Maybe George can give it to him because I sure won't. No thanks.
Jim Salinger, a climate scientist at New Zealand's National Institute of Water and
Atmosphere Research said environmental changes will probably cause it to climb in the production
of multi-barrowing in parts of New Zealand and Australia. Mr. Salger told the Institute of
Brewing and Distilling Convention. It'll mean either there will be pubs without beer or the cost
of beer will go up. Similar effects could be expected worldwide. What are we going to do?
That would be like telling me that there's not going to be any more red bull.
You know, there's a can of red bull in my refrigerator. Well, that sugar can be read by the
decision that I bought it. I don't think so. No, the sugar free red bull is not bad.
Paco brought in a bag yesterday with some diets so this for me also a candy bar to kill me.
Yeah. And the can in the bag was also a red bull. A lot of people want to kill you, you know.
What? A lot of people want to kill you.
He warned climate change could cause a drop in beer production within 30 years.
Especially in parts of Australia, as dry areas become worse and water shortages worsen.
Barley growing parts of western Australia, south-Australia, Victoria, New South Wales,
would likely be harder hit than growing areas in New Zealand, South Island.
Most areas in Australia where multi-barley is crop are likely to experience
food. But what do we care about the price of beer or Australia for, Krenna? You going to Australia?
Mr. Beats said as well as climate change, barley growers were competing with other forms of land use
in the past few years, pressure on cropping land in New Zealand has increased with the
expense of the dairy industry fueled by major international dairy commodity price increases.
Gas is going up, beer is going up and if you drink too much, you get a lot of gas.
Oh my god.
This is Names.
Some.com.com.com.
Don't be surprising.
No, politics.
Forty-two-five sixty-two-a-m.
The sports leader.
All the crap you could unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
One forty-five at five sixty-two-a-m. We got the jerk show coming up at the clock.
We're going to have Chris's own segment every day telling everybody how to spend their time
how to live their lives.
Okay.
That's just astonishing to me that you're so amazed that I get up and go when I have a better chance
to win. Isn't that the idea if you're going to, if you're going to, I mean, if you're on a
lose, if you just want to go there and pee away your money, you can go 24-7 anytime.
You're always open.
Even when I'm tissue balls.
But in fact the fishing is a good analogy because that's why people get up at five in the
morning to go fishing because that's the better chance to catch a fish.
There you go.
You see, George is at least supportive of this.
Not too many other things I do or anybody on social win, but he's probably right.
But as far as sending me that book and everything because he realizes it's my hobby.
That's sure.
And it's expensive hobby, but I enjoy it.
And you're going to afford it.
I don't go there expecting to win.
If I do win like yesterday to me, it's a much higher baby.
All of a sudden, here's $1,000 a week.
I win 800 bucks.
I run out the door.
That's the one thing I learned you get ahead, you know, at least enough to make it worth
you what.
And you run out the door.
You don't sit there and give it back.
There's this lunch block.
I think I mentioned this on the air a couple weeks ago.
Comes by and says, oh, how are you doing?
There's real, real puts.
I said, okay.
He says, oh, I was at $3,000.
I gave it all back.
Now, let me ask you this question.
And I told you, I've done that back in the early days.
Am I supposed to be sympathetic to this idiot?
No.
Jonathan in plantation, who obviously you need some serious, I think this is John, wherever he is.
I think it's a good to get.
You know, we add to the poll, Neil's boyfriend for a day.
It's a good to get.
That's a good to get.
It's a good boy.
It wants to be rich but better.
Yeah, likely story.
Here's another one for that other poll.
Poll response for tomorrow.
How do they know what tomorrow's poll is going to be?
There's psychic.
What we've seen with the most disturbing.
See from our American history, we've seen an ordinary, mixed-up, put his teeth on the sidewalk,
and kicked the back of his head.
That was disturbing.
That is right.
Very, very vividly.
Curbing, curbing.
Curting, curting.
It's disturbing.
Oh, and it says, how is Morton's A, that the original location in Chicago in London?
I don't know because they made reservations of Ruth Christmas instead.
And it was sensational, as always, but I haven't got the Morton's yet.
I will, one of these days.
Someday, when you least expect it.
Niels' boyfriend for a day.
I see.
Better than being rich.
I wonder if Steve Strait is going to vote on that.
Oh my God.
You know, you have something I've got to be honest with you.
All right.
I don't think I can handle it.
I just...
I just...
You know what I mean?
That is very odd.
I just have a drink.
I mean, he is just at least in that movie.
Now, in some of those pictures, like I said online, are grotesque and people are like,
we're going to say, boy, the old man's taste is sure slipping.
What is he like about that?
This guy is schmutzik.
You know what schmutzik?
Sure.
And like milk and flashek.
That's the third dish.
Yeah.
That's the third ik.
Democratic presidential contender, Solary, speaking of ik,
will win several state-in-alienating contests in the coming months.
But as little chance of becoming the party's candidate for the November election,
traders are betting on yesterday.
That's what they're betting on.
Speaking of going to the casino.
Traders in the Dublin-based Intrade prediction market,
give Democratic front-runner Barack Obama,
and 86% chance of being the Democratic nominee,
versus a 12.8% chance for Solary.
Results were similar on the Iowa electronic markets at the University of Iowa,
with traders giving Obama 83% chance of winning against a 12.8% chance for Solary.
Inside traders were betting the Democratic nominee would ultimately become president.
They gave the Democrat a 49.1% chance of winning,
versus a 48.8% chance for the Republican for insane McCain.
Iowa traders gave the Democrats 57.1% chance of winning,
versus 46.3% for the Republican.
Prediction exchanges like traders buy and sell contracts on the likelihood of future events.
Like which leaf is going to fall from the tree and hit the ground first?
Contracts are structured so the price can be read as a percent likelihood of an event occurring.
Studies in prediction markets have shown they have an accuracy comparable to that of public opinion polls.
What did I tell you? I hate gambling, man. Don't gamble.
Crystal of course doesn't make enough money to make money.
You know, you can play the penny slots. Easy expert.
Never said I was an expert. Then why are you giving me advice?
I didn't give you any advice. Why are you critiquing my brokerages?
It's funny that you were getting up at 5.30 in the morning to go there.
Yeah. That's all I said.
Well, it's on the weekend. I come home. I can take a nap.
A couple hours. My time is my own. I got to, you know, exactly.
Maybe I enjoy it.
That's awesome. I have to have one of those people. Even on the weekend,
I don't, wherever one I have days off. I don't sleep till noon.
It's only a degenerate.
The only degenerate would wake up so early.
No, I mean, it's just struck me. It's quite normal.
I mean, I know I have people around me who sleep till noon.
1.1.30. You know, because they're out all night,
the party is in. It's great.
My life is an ongoing party in the sleep all day.
That's right.
I mean, it's not me. Hey, at least you're out going to go and stay at the work.
And you don't understand why somebody would want to have that lifestyle for a day?
What lifestyle is that?
Where you get to party all night and all the way to the bills?
All the way to the bills? For a day. Yeah.
For a lifetime? Uh-uh.
What are?
Expectations that Obama would be the Democratic presidential nominee
had strengthened from 75% a month ago.
And I was up to 80. What is it? 80-as-6 points, uh, whatever.
During that time, Obama would be the first black U.S. president.
Whether they political or we know, but it would be, but it would be.
But if there's a strong view of Obama's ultimate success,
it comes to spite expectations that swallowing will win several important state nominated contest in the coming months.
Insider traders were betting Clinton would win the contest in Pennsylvania,
giving her a 66.1% chance in Pennsylvania versus 32.8% for Obama.
They gave her a 79% chance of winning West Virginia versus 20.5% for Obama,
and a 70% chance of winning in Kentucky versus
30.5% for Obama.
Traders were betting Obama to win in Indiana May 6th.
They gave him a 58% chance versus 45% for swallowing.
Uh-uh. Traders gave him an 88% chance of winning Oregon versus 12% for her,
and 82.5% chance of winning in the June through Montana contest versus 17.5% for swallowing.
They don't mention North Carolina, which he's going to-
he is going to mock the floor with her ass in North Carolina.
And when he gets down, the floor is going to be a mess.
You, you know what I mean?
I do. Big ass.
So sticking a gambling even though Chris is against it for religious reasons.
I love gambling.
George will be a Gulf Stream on Friday from 10 to 2.
He will be doing that whole thing.
I'll be gambling.
He'll be gambling. Chris will be disapproving on his end.
Oh, gee, he's gambling. He's losing his money and he can't afford to.
Yeah, and that's right. I can't afford to do it anywhere.
I'll do it anywhere.
I see it's your act George. You never does listen, does he?
No, it doesn't matter.
Exactly.
I'll try to suck up to George now and get him on your side.
Okay, I heard exactly what you said.
Okay. You find it astonishing.
Do you realize that 63 degrees in a hog town?
That's really warm.
It's partly sunny. It's 17. That's 63 degrees tomorrow is going to be sunny in 54.
Then Friday it's going to be 40.
You know how spring is up north?
I'll be a little more like summer, one day a little more like winter.
And then 12 on Saturday when it's going to rain,
I can get up early in the morning at 5.30 and drive at 6.00 o'clock to woodbine.
And what about 2 grand just to piss off Chris?
Oh, you're not going to win. You're going to lose.
You'll see. You get up early, say you can lose your money.
Say it till midnight. Say it till noon.
Not all of us are big and fat and lazy.
Well, like I said.
The biggest name of the best town in the world is Nino Rogers.
4256QAM.
The sports leader.
It's day.
If I am a town, I have 5.60.
WQAM.
And what about 3?
Some of them are brown.
And some are grey.
And some are grey.
Well, they'll care for nothing.
And one of 648.
And one of them is girl.
And like this girl in LA.
Like this girl in LA.
California free show.
A free collection day.
The Schwarzenegger ho.
He doesn't self-tournate.
He doesn't self-tournate.
And where are you?
I'm a hot girl.
Well, like this girl in LA.
Like this girl in LA.
And for Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman.
Almost fit on your plate.
Almost fit on your plate.
California free show.
It's a weird election day.
Things are looking down.
Things are looking down.
Look at the golden stage.
Look at the golden stage.
And I go to seven.
I go to seven.
I live faith.
I live faith.
I was both a red.
I was both a red.
And it was a happy day.
It was happy day.
California free show.
California free show.
It's such a freaky day.
I'm a hot girl.
I'm a hot girl.
I am he Doainsquitbull
sports radio five sixty shampoo
APM
I am
