For the Latter Day of...
...Walk solid!
5.000 WQAM presents the Neil Roger Show
To talk to Neil, dial 5.678-560 in day and hour
In other counties, call toll free 87775-Neil
Or pound 5.6188 and go rise or wireless phones
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests, for his comes
Who's not represent those?
Did they just say that?
And they could go one and a half
What?
10.2 miles of Neil Roger Show
5.60-1-560-1-560-1-560
A double dial
UAM, Howard Damon from BIT
Hello, I'm Bill Clinton
And I want you to know that elderly voters won't vote for Barack Obama
Because people of that generation are too rate
Raisinable to fall for his rhetoric, isn't that right, sir?
Hey, who's vote for Barack Obama?
Because he's bleeding!
He's bleeding. He's bleeding!
He's bleeding, he's bleeding!
say you should all respect the wisdom of your elders
Excuse me, sir, why don't you like Barack Obama?
I don't like him because he's an, he, I mean he's a new camera job
It's all about experience
And these experienced voters know that there's only one viable choice come November
And who do you support, sir?
I guess I'm going to vote for Hillary even though she's a
Clemting I'm Bill Clinton I prove what this old guy just said
1015 60 WQ I'm happy Thursday to you what's that schedule look like today?
How does the thing go with your sister?
We get any free a feedback on that with his um what that adept?
Whatever that was the ice coffee and this would be no no
No one we could we could ask the audience and you know take some calls
Jerk show I took this afternoon in the studio not at the AAA don't be looking for no more free ice coffee, okay?
Mad dog 4 to 655 and then at 655 it's how well you think
It's you and you and see baseball. Oh boy. Oh my god. I'll buy the D.A. Showodle midnight
You and me you and see baseball back in the day when I did the UN baseball and W
Snews we used to do the baseball games on a weekend. Yeah, well we couldn't do a lot of damage
Here we are on the Thursday right in broad daylight at 655. We got a UN baseball game on there because parents is gonna be with
Oh boy
woo
It's part of the Q&A ground that never ends. It just never ends. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Give me a ball. Give me your ball
Here's the proof me yesterday before I go on three-hour rant about those golf team shows
Okay, I hope your boyfriends their Steve's loan and flea are listening all the probably not
You can't handicap horse races without past performances, okay?
In the case of a third right now the one thing about harness racing you buy the program
It's got all the information in it right you said to me yesterday. Oh, I got the program
Yeah, you got the program which is nothing but the same thing
I got a list of names and jockeys. That's all and warning line odds. That's it
You can't handicap. I mean if you want to keep throwing your money away. It's up to you
Yeah, then Steve's slow. Oh, you made us some money a whole couple of time. Yeah blind luck
blind luck
I mean, how do you really think people handicap horse races by just picking names and colors and jockeys and like that?
Or by the way Channing Hill is a guy I apologize
I'm confused with Chantel Settle and who's one of the lady jockeys that would buy
I know what I would against that bad that name to Channing sure
Mino Kirl Channing. Oh, yeah, what kind of a guy is named Channing? Yeah, you know, come on seriously. He's a kid
Well, I stay Johnson about Channing Hill
Here's the pull for me yesterday the real bummer about a counter going to track their stranger is
850 votes. I'm too married to 50. I just can't reach out and touch them 137
I'm too shy to approach them under 25. I'm usually tool for them 78. Oh, amen to that F&A men to that
I'm too unattractive to have a chance with them F&A men to that 75. I may never see them again 50
They never give me the time of day 27. I usually make a fool of myself 23. There was somebody else 23
Usually some bitch on sorry. I'm gay, but they're straight 22. All of that never stopped me
Somebody else is usually with me at the time 17. I just never run into any nine
That's somebody who those nine people evidently never get out of South Florida very often, right? They never run into the attractive
I imagine I mean what is that? I just can't steal a kiss nine
How about stealing some Hershey's kisses sure and I'm straight but they're gay five I
Got an email yesterday. It was very disturbing to me
George to be out of Marble by the way now be on vacation all next week although Saturday we got a bigger parents at the girl stream 3 to 5 p.m
Indeed and then the second week in June I'm on vacation all week too in fact
I think you're on vacation a week before that what we got a lot of a lot of time off coming out got a crab of it there before that
I'm working on Memorial Day. I look parents interesting. We never asked anybody
I don't think did he ever ask you? No no because I volunteered so that George can have off Memorial Day. Thank you
It's on the edge. I mean it's not after my vacation. So why can't I work on a Monday and right?
Maybe we can do the show from Gulfstream buddy whitey is a ball. If you can do the show from Puffin O'Park
We're like an abandoned warehouse in Pemberg Pines would be good. I think that's coming up next
I get this email yesterday. It says hope to make it Saturday if you did anything you'll please let me know
Well, what does that mean? Why is this man always sucking ass? That's what I like to know. Why is he always doing that?
It's the thing that he does have a safe trip down and by the way so and so loved your spot
There are a few things we have to change can't say the word sex for co-op but it's a done deal and since start of the 26
Thanks again miss you see you Saturday PD Lenny
PD Lenny oh my god
I
Told you I tried you tried what the television
Tell them what that I don't want to see him that to bug you
He bugs me just the great time he's he's working on the station again bugs me. He's annoying
Excord nearly annoying and the worst but kisser I have ever seen in my life the worst not nobody else even close
Then there was this on our my space you also have a copy of it from what's it guys in geo yeah
It says I want my $20 and my hour of my life back
Have the interesting thing George seems to think that geo never came by to say hi. I don't go for a T-Shoulder. I don't know
No
But let's out like it just returned from gallstein to see Georgia quickie spy report
With the exception of the yellow 560 hummer parked under a tree in the cheap parking lot
No sign whatsoever that the 560 is doing a promotion
No aeroes bells or whistles pointed where George in the 560 crew might be broadcasting live from
No bells aeroes or whistles. Oh, yes
There was a relatively large promotion sign on the second floor in the king that some guy named Nile Rogers would be at live at the track this week
I wanted to steal it
After walking around for about 20 minutes finally stumbled upon the 560 table in some random corner of the first floor casino slash
Cycle cast room
Georgia in the crew sat there pretty much alone away from the crowd
And I'm using the word crowd liberally by the way it said
And like you said what does this guy expect to find there on a day when there's no racing
The video's a lot of the day is going on there's no racing right in the middle of a workday. No, that's right
Away from the crowd
The volume to the speaker was turned so low. I can't even hear what you were saying and I lost $20 in Delmont second race
Oh, good. I hope you've been on that horse with Cantos Armo the one. Oh here he comes
Just finished now
Please tell me this was just a practice run in preparation for your big homecoming appearance this Saturday can't wait to see you
Oh, yeah, can't wait to see you either geo
That's not for that's a stop a south for to make no mistake about it
Fitching and moaning and crying and screaming and carrying on about what
About whatever I mean once you saw that we were there. Why did he come over and be a little friendly?
How are you doing? I don't know if he did you know that's a lot of people did. I don't know if he was one of them
Yeah, probably not you rather stay you rather kind of like lurking the distance and go
Just say what I thought it would be that
We know what it would be. It's a QA and my fiasco like every dog always in lurkers. I love it. Yeah lurkers
There's lurkers and workers in jerker. I think that the geo is at least two out of those stalkers and gockers
Yeah, that's right stockers gockers and lurkers and jerkers man
So excited that's another reason I'm so glad I'm out there man. You have no idea. Oh, I do have every idea
I'm sorry, but anybody that shows up there on Saturday and starts whining
I'm just gonna have to get right out. I don't know what I heard
We got so many goons that are gonna be hauling people away just can do it. It was fine
We'll have one good for every person that shows up great. I think probably needed to
Look at where those those phones are starting to light up as if I'm gonna take calls
Hey, I guess maybe you missed the show yesterday. Okay. We're not taking calls
I'm taking one call today. It'll be Dave Johnson 11 o'clock with his a pre-cness preview and that's it
Starting tomorrow when George fills in while I'm going on vacation and for the next week. I went Georgia's on all the calls you want
Maybe George's that's right dying for wholesale as they say in Poland. He's polishing for them. That's right. He can't wait
man
Just an endless list of complaints. That's right. Just hour of his life back and I try to other well
What did he think was gonna happen? It was he gonna get laid there or something? What was gonna happen laid-ed rich
Jesus God, I'll be a party though. He loves noise moccasers. Let me say it again
I haven't been doing any handicapping here. I've just been
Flying by the seat of my pants trying to pick something off a sheet of paper. That's all you can't handi-cap horse racing without a program without a racing form
You idiot Steve Sloan and George is gonna start a little Steve. He's an expert on this stuff. He knows how to go
But we don't say he was an ex. I had you know you said he knows nothing about he knows nothing about it
He knows the technology. He knows more than me. Let me say it again. He knows less than nothing. Okay. I know you know much
Those little words mean when you speak those words there. It's I don't care. Okay. That doesn't have it
He's always happy camping a horse race. All right, I said you have to have a program in harness racing and a racing form and thermo
Racing and look at the platform and starts and the buyer figures know this and the that and but maybe good one who they ran against them
Like that. I argue with that point. I said he knows that what you're saying. That's all I ever said
He knows the lingo. Yeah. Yeah. He knows the lingo. That's all I ever said. Lingo. Okay.
I'm gonna go. Lingo. You gotta be home from an oak tree somewhere. Palm tree will do
God, you know, you're so easily sucked in but anybody that'll make you a couple of bucks with these appearances
You so easily in this place. What else is there? What else am I gonna what else am I gonna get her hope to get nothing?
That's somebody that's gonna make me a couple bucks. What do you think I show up here for there you go? Is it on?
For what? What do you show up to work for?
For these people. Okay. Like what people the people here, you know our co-workers. Is that what you show?
I'm not there. So what difference is it make if I like them or not?
Some of my likes some of them come see come saw and some of them
Yeah, like that. I like the ones that make me somebody
Yeah, and exactly you're easy. You're just you know
Okay, you don't care whether anybody's listening or not or whether it's being
I do care but they don't I can't care whether it makes any sense or right. It's been done wrong way that you know
They're not gonna look like some idea what we're doing or just continues making us look like a bunch of silly ass fools
Which is the joebell f and way that that's the way
That's the kind of operation. I'll tell him that on Saturday
I'll be more than delighted okay. I've signed that deal
I'm gonna be here for another hundred years till I croak
I'm sure I'll croak much before the end of that deal
How positive are that because these people are grave robbers
They're butchers oh
He's gonna be handicapping some races
We're gonna put a blindfold on him and the tie his hands behind his back is gonna be handicapping some races
What what flee and the or whatever his name is Steve what a sloan what they know about horse racing to put him in the
Fimble and have room for a spectacular bid left over in there a whole horse
Nothing
Zero
I didn't I'm just telling you that so they were okay. I'm not arguing with you
Because it happens to be something I know a little bit about there many things in a world
I know nothing about or very little about this happens to be something I know a little bit about a little bit
Yeah, I'm a lot
1013 at 560 wqm
Rogers, huh? Well, I was shopping at the store for some food
Buy and groceries never come so good
Too bad it didn't know my credit was wax store security was breached in their database
That has CRAP that spells me my credit is crap.com baby
I'm as screwed as I can be
Thought about killing myself maybe now instead of eating good and getting fat
My identity was stolen now my life is just craft CRAP that spells me my credit is crap.com baby
All right 1017 now I could spend the next two hours rambling on about Steve's sloan and flee and that whole other thing
I'm not gonna do it because most people don't give a flying crap
Last night Keith Oberman on MSNBC and his countdown show have one of the greatest
Rants in the history of ranting
Okay, you know the history of ranting. Yeah ripping George Bush the ass. He so richly deserves
I thought I was so bad. I'm gonna play it
Excellent got it over I don't know how long it's gonna be it goes on forever never but it's it's worth it
Go finally tonight has promised a special comment on two topics a lot of us had foolishly thought and that and I had naively hoped
We would not again have to address and a third topic nobody thought a president whatever seriously mentioned in public
Unless perhaps he'd just been hit in the head with something and was not in full possession of his faculties
How he expressed his empathy to the families of the dead in Iraq by giving up golf
The president has resorted a new to the sleasiest fear-mongering and mass manipulation of an administration of a public life
Dedicated to realizing the lowest of our expectations
And he has now applied these poisons to the 2008 presidential election on behalf of the party at the center
He and mr. McCain will work
Mr. Bush has predicted that the election of a democratic president could quote eventually lead to another attack on the United States
This ludicrous infuriating whole year than now and most importantly bone-headedly wrong statement
Kane yesterday during an interview with politico.com and online users of Yahoo
The question was phrased as follows if we were to pull out of Iraq next year
What's the worst that could happen? What's the doomsday scenario and the president replied?
Doomsday scenario of course is that extremists throughout the Middle East would be emboldened
Which would eventually lead to another attack on the United States the biggest issue we face is it's bigger than Iraq
It's this ideological struggle against cold-blooded killers who will kill people to achieve their political objectives
Mr. Bush at long last has it not dawned on you that the America you have now created includes cold-blooded killers who will kill people who achieve their political objectives
They're those in or formerly in your employ who may yet be charged someday with war crimes
Through your haze of self-congratulation and self-pity
Do you still have no earthly clue that this nation has laid waste to Iraq to achieve your political objectives
This ideological struggle you speak of Mr. Bush is taking place within this country
It is a struggle between Americans who cherish freedom hours and everybody else's and Americans like you sir to whom freedom is just a brand name
Just like patriot act is a brand name or protect America is a brand name
But wait there's more you also have said Iraq is the place where al-Qaeda and other extremists have made their stand and they will be defeated
They made no stand in Iraq sir
You allowed them to assemble there as certainly as if that were the plan the borders were left wide open by your governments
Farsicle post-invasion strategy of they'll create us as liberators
And as certainly as if that were the plan the inspiration for another generation of terrorists in another country was provided
By your government's firstical post-invasion strategy of letting the societal infrastructure of Iraq dissolve to be replaced by an American
Vis royalty enforced by merciless mercenaries who shoot unarmed Iraqis and then evade prosecution in any country by hiding behind your skirts sir
Terrorism inside Iraq is your creation Mr. Bush
It was a Yahoo user who brought up the second topic upon whose introduction Mr. Bush should have passed or
Punted or gotten up and left the room claiming he heard Dick Cheney calling him
Do you feel asked an ordinary American that you were misled on Iraq?
I feel like I felt like there were weapons of mass destruction
You know mislead is a strong word it almost notes some kind of intentional
I don't think so I think there was not only our intelligence community but intelligence communities all across the world
Shared the same assessment and so I was disappointed to see how flawed our intelligence was
flawed
You mr. Bush and you're tragically know it all minions throughout every piece of intelligence that suggested there were no such weapons
You mr. Bush throughout every person who suggested that the sober
contradictory reality based intelligence needed to be listened to and damned fast
You mr. Bush are responsible for how
intelligence communities all around the world shared the same assessment
You and the sick of as you dredged up and put behind the most important steering wheel in the world
propagated palpable nonsense and shoved it down the throat of every intelligence community across the world and punished
Everybody who didn't agree it was really chicken salad
And you mr. Bush through under the bus all of the subsequent critics who bravely stepped forward later to point out
Just how much of a self-fulfilling prophecy you had embraced and adopted as this country's policy in lieu of say common sense
The fiasco a pre war intelligence sir is your fiasco
You should build a great statue of yourself turning a death ear to the warnings of the realists while you are shown
Embracing the three card Monte dealers like Richard Perro and Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheney
That would be a far more fitting tribute to your legacy mr. Bush then this presidential library
You are constructing as a giant fable about your presidency
An edifice you might as well claim was built from Iraqi weapons of mass destruction
Because there will be just as many of those inside your presidential library as there were inside Sodom who say in Iraq
A course if there is one overriding theme to this president's administration
It is the utter always failing inability to know when to quit when it is behind
And so mr. Bush answered yet another question about this layered nuance wheels within wheels garbage heap
But constituted his excuse for war and so you feel that you didn't have all the information you should have or the right spin on that information
No, no reply to president. I was told by people that they had weapons of mass destruction
People but people the insane informant curveball the Iraqi snake oil salesman Ahmed Chalabi the American snake oil salesman Dick Cheney
I was told by people that they had weapons of mass destruction as were members of congress who voted for the resolution to get rid of Sodom
And of course the political heat gets on and they start to run and try to hide from their votes
Mr. Bush you destroyed the evidence that contradicted the resolution you jammed down the congresses throat
The way you jammed it down the nation's throat when required by law to verify that your evidence was accurate
You simply resubmitted with phrases amounting to see I done proved it virtually written in the margins in crayon
You defied patriotic Americans to say the emperor has no clothes only this time with the stakes as you and the mental dwarves in your employed put it being a mushroom cloud over an American city
And as a final crash of self-indulgent nonsense when the incontrovertible truth of your panoramic and murderous deceit has even begun to cost your political party
seemingly perpetual congressional seats in places like North Carolina and last night Mississippi
You can actually say with a straight face sir that the members of congress the political heat gets on and they start to run and try to hide from their votes
Well you greet the political heat and try to run and hide from your presidency and your legacy
4,000 of the Americans you were supposed to protect are dead in Iraq with your only feeble pathetic answer being
I was told by people that they had weapons of mass destruction
Okay
Okay, mr. Bush's final blow to our nation solar plexus his last reopening of our common wounds his last remark that makes the rest of us question not merely his leadership or his judgment
But his very suitability to remain in office
Mr
President he was asked you haven't been golfing in recent years is that related to Iraq?
Yes began perhaps the most startling reply of this nightmarish blight on our lives as Americans on our history
It really is I don't want some mom whose son may have recently died to see the commander in chief playing golf
I feel I owe it to the families to be as to be in solidarity as best as I can with them
And I think playing golf during a war just sends the wrong signal
Golf sir
Golf sends the wrong signal to the grieving families of our men and women butchered in Iraq
Do you think these families mr. Bush their lives blighted forever care about you playing golf?
Do you think so they care about you?
You mr. Bush you who let their sons and daughters be killed?
Sort of show your solidarity with them. You gave up golf
sort of show your solidarity with them
You didn't give up your pursuit of this insurance scam
Propagating morally and financially bankrupting war
Sir to show your solidarity with them. You didn't even give up talking about Iraq a subject about which you have
Incessantly proved without pause or backwards glance that you may literally be the least informed person in the world
Sir to show your solidarity with them. You didn't give up your presidency in your own words
Solidarity as best as I can is to stop a game
That is the best you can
Four thousand Americans give up their lives and your sacrifice was to give up golf
Golf
But golf
golf
And so it gets worse because it proves that the president's unendurable sacrifice is unbearable pain
The suspension of getting to hit a stick and a ball together was not even his own damned idea
Mr
President was there a particular moment or incident that brought you to that decision or how did you come to that?
I remember when Demail was killed was the UN got killed in Baghdad as a result of these murderers taking this bit man's life
And I was playing golf. I think I was in central taxes and they pulled me off the golf course and I said
It's just not worth it anymore to do
Your one tone deaf arrogant pathetic embarrassing gesture and you didn't even think of it yourself
The great bushy and sacrifice an army private loses the leg a marine loses half his skull
Four thousand of their brothers and sisters lose their lives you lose golf and I have to pull you off the golf course to get you to do just that
if it's even true
Apart from your medical files which doodly record your torn calf muscle in the knee pain which forced you to give up running at the same time
Coincidence no doubt the bombing in Baghdad which killed Sergio Vera Demail of the UN and interrupted your round of golf
Was on august 19th 2000 and 2003 and yet there's an associated press account of you and photographs
Playing golf as late as Columbus Day of that year
October 13 nearly two months later
Mr. Bush I hate to break it to you six and a half years after you yoked this nation and your place in history to the wrong war in the wrong place against the wrong people
But the war in Iraq is not about you
It is not mr. Bush about your grief when American after American comes home in a box
It is not mr. Bush about what your adult brain has produced in the way paranoid delusions of risks that do not exist
Ready to be activated if some democrat and not your twin mr. McCain succeeds you
The war in Iraq your war mr. Bush is about how you accomplished the derangement of two nations and how you help funnel billions of taxpayer dollars
To lascivious and perennially thirsty corporations like halibut and black water and how you sent four thousand Americans to their deaths for nothing
It is not mr. Bush about your golf game
And sir if you have any hopes that next January 20th will not be celebrated as they have soul-wrenching heartfelt
Thanksgiving because your faithless stewardship of this presidency will have finally come to a merciful end
This last piece of advice when somebody asks you sir about democrats who was now pulled this country back
From the abyss you have placed us at when somebody asks you sir about the cooked books and faith threats
You voiced it on a sincere and frightened nation when somebody asks you sir about your talent noble self
Abnegating sacrifice of your golf game so as to sue the families of the war dead this advice mr. Bush
Shut the hell up
Good night and good luck
Boy see good. Oh, I need a towel. Keith Oberman. I'm SMBC last night one of the great rants of all time
The 10 30 at 5 60 W.M. Hey attention male golfers. Oh
food in the president
How many times this happened to you you arrive at the corsia at the restroom one last time before you tee off and you run to 18 holes with your best buds
After drinking sport aids water beer and all kinds of stuff you're on the third hole with no restroom inside you got a pee like a racehorse
No trees no bushes around and you just got to go what are you going to do introducing the euro club to the sweet sanitary way for your urgent relief
I mean urgent
Created by a board certified you while just looks like an ordinary golf club
It contains a reservoir built into the grip to relieve yourself. You just pee in it
The euro club comes with a special towel. Can you just see the president peeing into his golf club? Archie's
The Middle Eastern world
Will be exploded to dumb at people go with the gas that we sold him first time aggressor nation and they only one that's going
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing forget about Korea and
The nooks there toe to namba right
Queen is drilling it over and over into our head
That a rag pass on
weapons of past destruction
3000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead
Hey, there's oil to be gotten so an after-cent time to play kato summer
There's no longer mention of the name in lawton but no one seems concerned all
Come be in complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through the
manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over to our heads
That a rag has a
weapons of past destruction
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying
We're all suspects now, not the astrophysian
I have nothing to hide
Tables, hawkers, all are saying
Lino-pedian cattle don't have any reservations
out of provoked battle and world annihilation
Hold machines must fall and have a virgin is dope with no objection at all
Timbercrack don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over
To a parade was hit by rag pass on
With things of past destruction
I only
I'd rag pass on
With things of past destruction
I can't wait till Saturday at Gulfstream because I'm sure there's going to be some of the
Experts out there who want me to show them how to win at slot machines come on pick me a good machine
Neil pick me a good machine mine. Well, I'll set up bleachers. You know, there you go. I'll find you the good machine
Yesterday actually I had another winning day not too much the 600 bucks. I'll I'm sure Chris would tell you
But nevertheless I'm sitting there and there was this pun job man sitting next to me very briefly
And oh my god the aroma put me into it. I was I was not only swooning. I was like
Listing off to the left away from this guy. I mean, I just as far as I could
Lean the other way my seat. I mean, he smelled like he hadn't seen a bar of soap or body wash in a hundred years
God pun job, mom. What was that curry thing? You know plus whatever else plus the underarms stench and another thing
I just mentioned that in passing. Some people are just they stink
He's given notice that I have
Some people stink
WQA and Bruce Ross Marr-Holly Davidson and South-Aid Dodge presents the 105 days of Harley you could be one of 56 winners of a
2008 Harley Davidson motor fickle
To register go to any Bruce Ross Meyer or South-Aid Dodge showroom any hooters location or just log on to wdqm.com
Don't forget it new will be doing our two for one the other day
You forget I didn't I didn't either. I'm waiting. I bet you Kristen forget either
905 votes on the pool the real bummer. I it's tied. They can't read all those
Let me know when we get close to a thousand. I'll change it
I'll change it if Eric essentially put the one on there. I wish he'd get rid of that one
Oh, yeah, he's got the right one on there. The one that I don't want to do. I forgot what it was it was so bad
So what did you think of that Keith Oberman rant about the L president? I was spectacular. I mean, I was that on YouTube
I don't know on the word. Did you play it from did you record it? That was
My TV last and I'm sure it's on YouTube
On you
Everybody in the world needs to see all the post that on everybody else's whatever
My space Facebook deep Facebook everything spread around
I know it's really amazing how MSNBC has come full cycle and they've got him on there these last time
I don't know how long he's been on there a few years
Oh after they took Donahue off anybody else who was anti the war anti a Bush and you know
Dare to be critical of these Anatsis and all of a sudden they got over and not only on there from eight to nine
But they repeated from 10 to 11 and one to two in the morning
because it's their only
Only showed that anybody really watches on MSNBC the rest of his swirly got quick Matthews on there talking about politics on
Saapal
He's got the most peculiar speech. I don't know what his story is man. He just
The annoying just annoying and of course he doesn't say anything anyway
Chris Matthews
You know, yeah, I don't
Not personal either strange really bizarre
And then they got the morning Joe morning Joe Joe Scarborough God. He's got the personality of a guy the sarcophagus
Of a dead man lord if I could only have talked to Hitler
All this might have been avoided. Yeah, if you like could have talked to Hitler right you probably hit it off pretty good
W. How do you like that nice?
We're talking about Obama discredited by history
Obama and his campaign leaders quickly denounced the presidential remarks good. We're from an ass, but rack
Just uh scary. It's really scary. Look at it with this ignorantness and think that there's still people not too many of
Though still people who support this fascist regime
George was telling me just this morning that somebody in his family. I don't know who it was
No, it was talking to a friend, but some friend a sourmer friend about the fact know about
People I don't associate it with anymore still a current friend, but we're talking about other people
Oh that I don't want to associate with
Because of such things
Obama won
Right it's probably a show according to the latest baguette survey
But I take a little bit of a break here on my usual real building this association with anything going out of this nation to say that
Both of right is gay
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, or making one to be like that
Well, that is your out of your real man with a hundred and twenty minutes of jockhuffin on the jet show
Oh
That guy's just got to grab him
Den is after he heard his ankle you may think that we have a veteran health insurance bottle
He's delighted driving navigator
Who's the way to the doctor? How about that you call you day call
That you did
I
Had like a massage example the girl is from down under got magic fingers baby
These things would gladly rub in a real man that plays a game
But they ain't gonna rub any day boys like you
How about that? We got to call here from the natively we need that calls every show on the state
You know
What your Jake nasily we need that calls every show on the station you have a great show
Everyone enjoys your show. Well, thanks. Oh, so you got the check
And that's my well now sound real good on my real and see me man talk is it's gay
That's welcome Brian
Yeah, that's right you
Good ball and man loves it move
You just make man no how about that? Oh, oh, yeah, how about that
1047 13 to 11 and 560 wc. I should just play the Keith Overtime thing over and over again. Oh
At least once a dollar
Then I'll need a shower with you a power shower. Oh, yeah, what's some ex former democratic US presidential candidate John Edwards
Endorse Barack Obama's White House bid last night a campaign spokesman say giving a big boost
To Obama and his aperture rally the party around his candidacy. It's all over swallery. Yeah
Edwards the 2004 vice presidential nominee dropped out of the democratic race in January was heavily courted by both Obama
And swallery in the past few months
He made the endorsement of the Grand Rapids rally last night
I'm fired up for Obama's first words to the Rock as crowd who cheered wildly when Illinois Senator introduces special guest Edwards
The former North Carolina Senator took time before endorsing Obama to kind of acknowledge Senator swallery's efforts
The endorsement comes today after Clinton defeated Obama by more than two to one in West Virginia
We're all then big of the all white folks. So we don't like that darky
The lost highlighted Obama's work to win over the Hillary Democrats white working class voters
So also support Edwards in large numbers before we exit into the race. This is gonna be a real test now
Like I said yesterday as we get closer to the real election the presidential election itself in November
Yeah, now we'll find out now. We'll see just how big it in the Americans are oh you'll see an awful lot of awful lot of red next out there man a lot of racist
See I look at Obama. I don't see him as a black man. He just seen as a guy. I came up with a slogan for his campaign
What do you know he's all right? He's half white. Yeah, that's not bad
Which has to that, you know the important half the part the talks
Well, that's good
But it's it's really and of course the occultions have been playing the race for something
If you all know they deny it they've been playing it and bubble was supposed to be like the first black president
You know we open up his office in Harlem and was embraced by all the black folks and so on
Sometimes people don't know who their real friends are until push comes to show right
Just like all that crap about oh Bush is good for Israel and Nixon was good for Israel and all the sudden all these other right
Wingers are good for Israel. So we hear yes, so we're all in the Ocons
Bad for the rest of the world, but good for Israel
Just amazing
Now you'll be you'll be interested know that I did a little not a lot
Little bit of homework with Dave Johnson calling in today all right for the preekness. Why I mean like I said
I don't have the racing form right. I could leave now and drive over to a woodbite to pick one up. I'd be back before too
What
I'm gonna continue to be put on the spot the handicraft well. I got to have a racing for man
It's just a little work figure out a way
They're about to do it. I can go the day before if I know when you're gonna be doing those shows
I can go the day before and buy the racing for it. We're buying great. I'll send you schedule
Well, you got it more schedule. No, no, not that I know. Oh my god. You're just out of it. What if all that stuff?
It's all right. Steve's over here. Steve's gonna go run and make the bet and Neil's gonna make us all a lot of money and
Listen, I've had a good time. Yeah, you're having a good time the audience isn't
I don't know maybe they are maybe they aren't I don't know what they think of those shows maybe we ought to do a pull on that
You want to do a mini pull on that whatever fun. What do you think Chris? Sure, why not?
During the next break, I'll thanks Eric a mini pull. I mean this one we got on there now. Let's just to get rid of it already
Hey, right now. You already why we're already at 920. Yeah, we got enough vote on there. It's fine. It's fine as wine
But anyway, I looked at the a pre-knist and the I mean the field is uh 13 horses, but there's only really one
Unless he falls down or something or stumbles out of the gate real bad big brown. He could stumble out of the gate and still circle a field or a win by 10
That's how impressive his win in the Derby was just awesome
I guess Captain Sarmal wasn't running an equal riding an equal quality horse yesterday in that second race at Belmont
It was a conspiracy that the geoguy lost 20 bucks on or whatever
I mean if you people are gonna listen to me when we're doing those shows when I don't even have a them
Racing form to handicap from it. You're dumber than even
Steve Sloan is and that's saying a lot you're done with adjords about horse racing. Hey, that's a the volume a whole lot right
Okay, here's the final deal 919 on the pull the real bummer about a country and track of strangers. I'm too merry 270
I just can't read it reach out and touch 155. I'm too shy to approach them 132
I'm usually too old for them 84 boy. I ever I'm ancient
I'm too unattractive to ever chance with them 78 that too old and unattractive. I mean grotesque
78 I mean never see them again 56. I don't understand that one. That doesn't bother me
What I wait if you don't see him again? I yeah right use them abuse them in tossing if that's the case you know
Move on move on to the next case
They never give me the time of day 27 there with somebody else 26
I usually make a fool of myself 24. I'm gay but they're straight 24
Somebody else usually is with me at the time 20. I just never run into you attractive people 9 too much time in Florida baby in South Florida 9
I just can't steal a kiss 9
Bring up bring a little sack of Steve Raiden
I have to grab it while it's in mid air and stick in your sack take it home steal it. I'm straight but they're gay 5
So we'll take a poll and find out what they think about
Georgia girl steam about so I show them how to word it. Let's work on it. Make sure it puts up the bed bullet under
Okay, don't get the two pushing out. Well you usually get it
Here's an interim pool in between this one and the a good one. I have an idea what they're gonna say
when George
See I got to write this all out all right long-hand
Does the shows have gallstream? Is that correct? Okay, sure when or when George is a gallstrom however
It's all good
What's your take
What's your take that's always good. What's your take yeah?
What's your take on the Yankees?
Depending on the pen and the other guy is gonna get them all fired up. What do you think? What do you think? Okay, first one
Uh, it's great great
Wow
Well, we'll see maybe it's true. How about I love it. That's better. Okay. I love it. Sorry for all the chicken scratching on here. I love it
It sucks. Okay. I turn it off
Okay, it's okay. Uh, it's fine. It's okay. Whatever it is. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay
Yeah, okay, the right there is okay. There's four nice choices on there. It's only gonna be a quickie
It's better than taking a bunch of stupid calls. Oh, the show is really good. We don't want to hear about horses
Okay, like that
Your buddy there. What's his name again? Tio. Yeah, he probably drives one
Oh, I just went all over the place looking for Georgia and it seems to me that if he had all these complaints and problems
You should have probably spilled the beans to you know
If he took 20 minutes for him to find me because it's only a 60 second walk from the
From the entrance to where we're at. I get the one well and whistles and big signs and neon
What the hell wasn't looking for? Error is pointing. Hey little George is over here. No q. I was over like that
In addition to which he has to understand that we're very limited when it comes to promotional
We don't have any promotional budget now they excuse used to be above what we lose a million dollars a year to the Marlin
So we have no promotional budget. We don't have the marlins this year
We have a promotional budget. No, no
When I slice my salary by 99% next year is it gonna make any difference? No, well, we have a promotional budget. No
But it you know, it sounds pretty good
I think fourth leader
This is the neo-monster show
Any questions? Okay, I don't think I'm gonna play the bit at that point because I back myself into a corner here
Oh, well, no, because it's 11 o'clock
That's right and we're gonna keep watching that bad line and you're second
It's gonna ring and we'll be Dave Johnson and he'll give us the load on on a pre-kneast yep load on high down to play one of those instrumental bits
Really?
It's such a
We got that one with that long bed. There you go. The only problem is Thursday and that one's all about Monday and
Yeah, but you'll see a whole notice
What who wouldn't notice this astute audience will be right on it. Okay. Let's see if Eric's got that other pull on her
Keep your eye on the bad line. Okay, uh, he's still got the the Charlie B one on there
See where the fact that we've got this interim one
I'll tell you
Maybe he can even stick it up there at the interim one. I just fact-steam. I'm sure it's it's very short and right to the point
And there's Dave Johnson right now. What did I tell you my psychic powers never fail me except at the track? How you doing Dave?
Hey, how are you? Nailed why we here headed nailed there in the Derby not no I went for pyro and
Didn't use the phillion the exact as so how'd you do bad well?
Are we gonna get even in the pre-kneast no have one to nine?
I don't think he's gonna win
What I don't think he's gonna win I don't I tell you I don't think you win the triple crown
Ali their stubb is toe here or in the bell money. I don't think you'll win the triple you weren't impressed by that amazing
But I was I was but how can he run that kind of a
Erase and then come back in only two weeks rest and do it again
In other words, you don't think he's a super horse that we've been searching for for a hundred years
You know there's something wrong here because he only started three times. Yeah for the Derby
Well, he's got he's got the seat problem. Nailed you know
Yeah, that's the knock he's got bad feet. Well something's wrong. You only start I mean they used to start a lot more than three
You would have such bad feet
No, that to be alive after all these years. Why not but I and then I went to me was an amazing performance from the 20 post and
He he had a one by 30 lengths. I think he wanted to he did that was the fastest Derby that I ever saw the most
impressive
throughout and
You don't like him. Well, I just don't know how he could come back with only two weeks rest and do and and there are some nice
Horses in here going up against him. So how did all the other triple crown winners come back with only two weeks rest?
Have it Seattle slew do it and affirmed and all of those inspect
I don't think they're a little more party weren't they weren't they just I mean how many races did Secretary?
It had as a two-year-old
You know, he certainly had more than one
I think you get seven or eight
Sounds to me sounds to me like you're searching to beat the chalk which I don't play
Oh, he's Duke, you know, yeah, I mean one to two in the morning line
I can't recall it. Can you remember any horse in any of the triple crown?
Well, the secretary it was horse of the year is a two-year-old and then he showed up
You know, he lost the the wood and then won the Derby. I think he was he was very very low
Low odds in the in the in the preetness
Didn't lose to onion
Not not not before the preetness after the preetness after the after the bellman after that smacking bellman
The he lost onion up at the Saratoga in the Whitney
I remember I remember Chikanderson saying he's moving like a giant big machine. I remember I was in the bell month
Yeah, yeah, one by 85,000 likes
Secretary it was
30 cents on the dollar in the preetness
He paid two dollars and 60 cents to win. Well, I want to bargain who needs that exactly. Well George could use it
Yeah, he'll take the 60 cents
Before we go into those 60 cents in Miami these days you'd be surprised about a third of a cup of coffee at Starbucks
You couldn't even get in the door you can there's nothing in Starbucks for less of the boy
We got a candy machine over here. The gum is 50 cents. Well, yeah
I'm getting idiotic again
Now of course there's always got to be controversy and ery racing the tragedy with eight bells
Collapsing after the finish and having to be destroyed these pita people who always make me sick
But now they're really really pissing me off
Oh just jumping on this and they want the jockey suspended and they want all these other investigations
Yeah, I mean
You know, I'm in response to that is that there people are getting killed by cars every day
So we are probably ban automobiles
Neil it was a terrible thing that happened in the in the derby
But it was it was a freak accident. I mean, I worked at tracks for 40 years
And this is the very first time that I have ever seen
Uh, uh any horse uh break both ankles in a race after a race before a race whatever now
I'm terrible after she crossed the wire too and you can't blame the jockey or the truck or the owner for running a horse of the derby
Can you?
No, of course not. I sure don't
I don't either but these pita people but the and I was reading some stuff online last night what they do is they try to make a
A federal case out of something that really had no business sticking their own into just to get the publicity
Just just because they're so desperate for publicity and and money they're asking for money. Are they really?
Oh sure, well, I can mine. I'll tell you that now mine neither
Um
Yeah, it's uh they they just don't know what they're doing of course we can do a better job with the
The better track surfaces and and it would be it would be good to have some research into
When two-year-old should really race and race and horse but the pita people just they they don't get it
Now when you're in the when you're sitting at home in your living room now that you're retired and you're watching the derby and they come into the stretch
Yeah, now do you actually do you think it in your head or do you say it out loud and down a stretch they come you know
I can just see you sitting there screaming
No, yeah, let me tell you the reason I asked that is because you know
I used to do play-by-play hurricane baseball and stuff like that
And and when I go to see a game and wasn't broadcasting it sometimes I would find myself and especially watching hockey games
Doing play-by-play in my head
Well, I'm checking my tickets. Oh
Looking to see you know if I've got a shot. Oh, well, I'm you on me. I'm a tight gambling. So are you? No? Oh, okay
You know what I love I love 10 cents superfectus. I don't understand that what is it all I hear them say it
You're trying to get the first four horses. No, I know what the super is but I mean the dime superfect how much can it pay?
Um
Well change the other day a friend of mine hit it for 1300 dollars for a dime really?
Yeah, that's the metal man. I mean at Barnett Park
So you can take six horses and box them up so that you have all combinations of big horses for 36 dollars
That's you bet more than that on that. Oh, I have yeah, I'm occasions here
So so you get six horses. Let's say you pick six horses out of the preetness and
Um you box them up and big brown doesn't hit the board. I mean you're gonna get a lot of money. Oh box cars
Yeah, yeah, but you really think there's any chance he's not gonna hit the board
I mean I don't believe how sorry you are in this order. I think there's a big chance that he won't hit the board
I'm dead serious. I mean this is these are not machines. This is not NASCAR racing. Yeah, these are these are flesh and blood animals
And that Derby had to take something out of them. He's not gonna run back to that
Didn't look to me like he was even broke out of sweating at the Derby
How many horses have you trained?
None
I mean, how many horses have you trained? None
But I sure watch a lot of them and I've seen horses that you say oh my god
What an incredible performance and then the same horse comes back two three weeks later
Against basically the same field and is off the board. You say how could that happen? It's because that took a big
At that effort took a lot out of them and it could have taken a lot of they were
We talked about this for you with the Derby two weeks ago
Where we're back in this debate between the standard breads and thoroughbreds and the standard breads being so much more durable
And of course they race every week. Yeah, and this business have come it back two weeks later to me. I always just I don't know
I always wonder I mean that they're so fragile the thoroughbreds. They're like china dolls
So you're gonna take big brown
Over I'll tell you who else I like
behind at the bar
The five yep and for third match you again with Julian Lapa Rue
Well, that's a pretty good box
You know that for people at like hunch that's how about trace barachos behind the bar. I mean three three drugs behind at the bar
face barachos with a great-tower base trace barachos behind at the bar. I like
Seriously who you picking to win? Let's say get serious
You know why is because he had no shot in the Derby he got squeezed like a ham sandwich out of the gate
He finished way up the track and his trainer
Parkalobeau
Paul Alobo he's really a good horse, but he would not bring that horse all the way from Los Angeles
To run in the Derby to run in the pre
If he didn't have
You know an indication that this horse was on top of his game. So I'll go with him Mike Smith's song
Gonna ride him and he's the second choice. He's eight to one in a morning line
I'll take eight to one. Okay. Sure, and it'll probably go up higher than that because big brown's gonna be one to five
Yeah, I think he will be he's
He'll stay with him. Are you really gonna put big brown off the board? No, I'm gonna
I'm gonna bet I'm gonna bet Gallego and big brown in an exact box and then I'm gonna bet Gallego across the board in case big brown
Is off the board. I want I want some of that the bridge jumper money right
Always use that bridge jumper money. Yeah, I'd love to see that
When they've had 20 grand the show
And then they tell us they tell her special. I remember at Vittavia Downs one time speedy Scott came or with Ralph Baldwin
The Vittavia Downs and there was some bridge jumper put several thousand in the a show pool and he made a bad break at the start
And was and finished it last oh
And the crowd was booing and screaming which really pissed me off
I mean, it was such a great race horse and Ralph Baldwin was just a great horseman
But nevertheless that's the way people are you know, they just want to catch the ticket
but the
The fact that a horse breaks at the start and loses all chance that that really leads the bad taste of my mouth
Well, what about when a horse gets stuck in the gate and then throw a word race? Yeah
Maybe they should give you your money there
You know the interesting thing is if the Canadian tracks have noticed there much much more
Finicky about that if a horse breaks before the start and they're honest racing here
The inquiry sangles are right away and most of the time 99% of the time they refund the public's money because the
Ruin being they didn't have a fair start. Is that up in you mean in Canada right? Oh, I see uh-huh
They try to give you a little bit better shot, you know, all right
So you're picking
Uh-huh, I'm gonna pick the guy ego the number who for a second
Um
Let's see I'm gonna I'm gonna box up some horses hey burn Kentucky bear
I'll use big brown and um let's see other one
Behind at the bar
My choice against you in our horse for horse pets and that's for an early bird dinner right?
No, yeah, absolutely. Yeah, we both we both qualify with some leftover. Yeah
Now tell me yesterday George did a show he does some shows
Once in a week with month or so from Gulfstream Park. Yeah, and he has me handicapped with no racing form
And you know, which is impossible he doesn't understand that it's impossible
And yesterday of course Calder wasn't running on a Wednesday
And so I had a handicap the first two races at Belmont
And Channing Hill I thought was a female. I mean, I don't know anything about the I mean
The farm boy from farm boy from Iowa right and a good writer and he won the first race. He just jogged
He won the first in the last yesterday in New York. Yeah
He really cries. I've never seen a jockey on a 60-to-1 shot of you know, they he just doesn't give up. I like the way he rides
Great well, we won't call him a lady anymore. I guess. No, don't do that
Okay, Dave well, I would you're gonna be sorry when one to nine shot comes in but you'll see I won't be sorry
But I'll talk to you before the Belmont absolutely take care. That's you. Hi George. Yo, yo, yo, hi. Thanks Dave. See you
Okay, so he doesn't like big ground away and I really shocked the hell out of me you could just knock my
me over with a feather
Huh, well, it's most of the time you can like me over with a feather
Here is a poll that somebody suggests those chronics at Maroonie Dundragon
If I see Neil at the West route while he's in town this weekend
I will respect his privacy and leave him alone
Plenty say hi and introduce myself. Get so excited. I'll pee my pants flip him off and walk away
beg for an autograph or probably not recognize him and then who's Neil
How are we doing that poll on there? Oh here we go. We got it
When George does the show the Gulf Stream okay
I
Just won't need so okay. What else am I gonna say right? We have more okay if I had a racing for it
But I'm gonna keep the way
Six six the the Friday before you go on your vacation and the for the summer schedule that will be our next appearance there or
We find bellmoss it right okay. We're gonna be plenty of events in order because I'm all
Daily tend to forget by the way speaking of money stuff
I wasn't posted a funny video on your
Myspace and there's a nice comment from someone about these appearances
Well great
So you might want to try to like well, yeah, I don't be grudging the money. You need to cash. What else are we gonna do?
We don't want you to lose it about betting on horses that I'm picking out of my ass, you know
Let's have a racing for boys. Let's do a little study and then we'll still lose but at least we'll do it
That's right. It'll be more fun that way. I'm in 13 to Q amp. Please
Lady
Writing on your horse
You're gonna rock at card in the rains and course
It wasn't funny when you're born for broken
But just like a punch from last
Sean ten
Mid-dad horses do a leather suitcase
Writing on him wasn't very fun
Cuz he threw you down upon your cube face
Like a virgin
Lady Madonna
Flying through the air
Wonder if you yelled at something like a friend
Yet well-cars your fans will be sending
Wishing you some tea and sympathy
Material girl is no good pretending
Don't cry for me
Lady Madonna don't have no luck to start
Maybe next time you should ride in a car
Okay, let's see how the early returns are going on your Gulf Stream appearance is okay. That's 34 vote
When George does this shows a Gulf Stream what's your take? It's okay 13. I love it 11. Love it
I turn it off six and it sucks four. Okay. I voted. It's okay
That's what I voted. It's okay. It's not simulating. It's not you know
It's a change of pace gets me out of the studio right gets him a little extra money. It's a little extra
Loose all of it
Yeah, I'm just scratch it. Mm-hmm. So that's what we got only 34 votes. I think we'll leave that on to one
35 votes now. We'll leave it on to one and then we'll um
Put the other one we'll switch to the real pool which was what again. I forgot already
Because I didn't tell you oh
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! It's a surely me pull my first sexual experience with another person
I would much rather forget I wish I could relive I wish i could remember was my only one so far was with a man of the cloth
Or maybe a man with a cloth
uh might land me in jail if I found anyway if anyone found out was with somebody way older
Wasn't as good as when I do it alone
Took too long or didn't last long enough
What do you want?
That one vote.
What is it?
Maybe some people are more into solitary or whatever.
Different strokes for different folks, right?
Right.
35 votes on here is all we got.
I don't know why that isn't going over much bigger.
I thought we'd get an immediate...
I thought I'd maybe...
Took a butt surprise.
Did you watch that funny video from Saturday Night Live about February?
I clicked and approved it there, but I didn't have a time.
I don't have time to do all these things.
It's funny.
Did you have any nice comment that would be right under it now that?
I had a nice feedback already from a visit mark or a mic mark, I think,
about thanks for playing to Keith Overman thing.
I got the pissed off at him about the I'ma stuff,
but more I think about it.
Maybe I'ma says exactly like somebody else we know.
They need to serve to have somebody trying to get him fired all that time.
You know what I mean?
Could be.
Maybe his obnoxious off the air is he is on the air,
which is probably true.
Maybe he's just a little bit...
I don't know.
I don't know.
I never do that.
But never do that.
That has nothing to do with Overman on the air and what he's doing,
which I think is phenomenal.
And I'm glad that I did play that thing all the responses...
What you'd expect?
Yes, nothing.
Well, I did get one on my face.
It makes good.
Or there's one there's a thousand.
I thought it was fabulous.
Me too.
It was simple lady.
But never to less.
Give me cotton off.
Did it really?
Oh yeah.
Oh, the connection's timed out.
That's never a good sign.
What is that?
No.
Is our sight down?
Let me refresh it.
Oh no.
Might be you.
Let me see what's going on.
Do it on the set.
That's not me.
Uh-oh.
Yeah.
Take a break.
Just a little bit of that important pull on air and all of a sudden our sight is down.
What are we going to do about that, Eric?
Wow.
Wow what?
We have no internet also.
We have one?
Yeah, we're uh, we're completely gay.
Oh boy.
Once it's down.
That's right.
Well, we'll wait.
Better not have to still be like that in noon because we got to do our uh, kneel deal in the morning.
How we going to do that?
Oh boy, Eric.
I mean, Eric is right on the ball with his poles and getting them switched and he's like as usual right on top of crap.
But nevertheless, I got that.
I got internet.
You got what?
Internets.
No, I have internet.
I just don't have our website.
You have it?
No.
Probably a loading page.
I got everything else.
There's New York Times.
There's uh, everything else in the world.
There's a Myspace in your place.
And a little space in what?
A little chat room where we were disconnected from also.
Little chat room also disappear?
Yep.
Well, what's that mean?
That he's having issues there.
Oh no, not in Orlando.
Personally or Orlando or somewhere between us and Orlando.
Whoo!
Well, I had to press your air.
Just when you think you're going to get everything straightened up.
Before the show this morning, when George first came in, we had more of that dropout stuff going on.
And I thought, oh, not another day of that.
Yeah.
And somehow magically, before we came on a year, a part of it before, magically we were all straightened out.
Coincidentally, right after I told fix it.
After you told fix it, he waved his magic screwdriver in line.
Yeah.
He waved it and whipped it out.
He has a magic wand.
One.
And then all of a sudden it got all straightened out of me.
Oh, that would stop.
So I thought, well, maybe we'll get through a whole day today.
The call would Dave Johnson was fine.
Everything went copacetic there.
I can reach over and shut off that monitor now.
You don't have to be watching line 12.
And now all of a sudden this.
We didn't have any dropouts on our streaming today.
Everything was, uh, but I'm clicking on that thing and nothing's happening.
Let me know if it ever comes back.
Sure.
I'm going to keep that in the case that you can't communicate with him in a little chat room.
That's right.
But either.
That's extra bad.
I could text him.
Yeah.
Text him and see, I guess the server must be down, huh?
Or something.
Or something else.
That's my favorite guest right there.
Let's play the server.
The server is down to the horror.
Something else.
Political analyst, Lawrence O'Donnell, reported before the West Virginia primary that a senior
Clinton campaign official had told him that Hillary would be dropping out of the presidential
race by June 15th.
Now, even following Clinton's solid victory in West Virginia, O'Donnell says he has no
reason to change what he said.
Listen to Hillary's speech to the 90 trolls CNN's Kira Phillips, that bitch.
It was a victory speech.
But if you read the right line, you can see that it was actually her concession speech
about where this is going.
Lines that you never heard before, may, in Clinton's speeches.
O'Donnell pointed a phrase like, I deeply admire Senator Obama and I'll work my hard
out for the nominee.
This campaign understands reality.
He emphasized they know where it's going.
She'll be supporting Obama by June 15.
In response, Phillips played a clipperclint in saying in the same speech, I'm more determined
than ever to carry on this campaign until everyone's had a chance to make their voices
heard.
What she just said was, I'm in this until June 3rd, O'Donnell explained, he ended up
by expressing admiration for Obama, Clinton said nothing, a new tone, but that to give
that change to on the maximum public exposure she has to keep campaigning.
She's alienated a lot of democratic voters with her campaigning style, O'Donnell stated.
She needs to stay in the campaign to rehabilitate her image, and then also to ease her supporters
into the reality that the nominee is going to be Barack Obama.
What she's doing now is extremely helpful to the party.
She said, call me when the party starts.
When Mo Green shows up, this thing is still down by the way.
Eric just calls, as he knows about it, he's on the phone with the people to try to get
someone to get working on it.
Thanks, Eric.
You're in a bad course.
You can't hear me anyway, probably, right?
Right.
He said, oh, one of the California servers down, so he's not sure.
He's like getting a partial feed or something, I don't know.
Maybe he's been at the dropout thing.
Out of the way.
He's hit her now.
Yeah, that's right.
Seriously, listen to that for a couple hours can drive you bad.
Wait, which explains why I'm in the condition I'm in.
It's a function.
Yeah.
We'll give you a bunch of time.
You don't know what that literally is.
We'll give you a five.
I think you am.
I think.
Fourth leader.
It's the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It mixes it all up.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts them both together.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
When the eyeball falls out, it puts the lotion in the basket.
Then it has to lose it down.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's what I have to get it puts the lotion in the basket.
It needs to rub it off my brain.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I have to try to eat my skin so it puts the lotion in the basket.
I said, dog, dog, I switch my BD and my legs, I said, dog, dog.
I like to dance around this way.
It's a promise.
My legs are quite a good answer.
Oh, me?
I want to look for like a wolf.
My name is Pablo Ville.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It makes it for my skin.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I hold my BD and it puts the lotion in the basket.
How much does it go?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I got my skin so it's nibbling on my face.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Someone will be checking on the equipment in 15 minutes.
Eric, just called.
15 minutes. Yes. Do you have any idea this is radio? 15 minutes? Like a lifetime. Sure.
Oi.
Oi. Wow. Very sure. And of course it's going to back us right up against that noon thing.
Yeah. All these that world. What does that mean somebody will be checking on it in 15 minutes? What does that mean? He said someone will be I guess there is a equipment problem and someone will be at the equipment in about 10, 50 minutes.
And what are they going to do? P on it. P on it. Kick it. Kick it. Like it. Stick it. Like it. Stick it. You'll hear the ticket. Wow.
The nation's official inflation rate in April rose a slight 0.2%. But in South Florida it sure doesn't feel that way since the scum sent.
Consumer prices for gas food and other products are soaring at the fastest pace in the nation according to figures released yesterday by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the BLS.
But wages haven't kept pace with inflation. Florida that combination is putting pressure on local consumers. The 94 Latter-day on metropolitan area topped all other cities.
With a 4.9% annual inflation rate through April the national rate was 3.9%. It topped all other cities. Word number one baby. In inflation.
One factor pushing inflation ahead is obvious it's the gas the gas had fed nerd tort a taxi driver for a lovely little Hollywood international airport.
Prices he no longer goes to Miami off and even though we found some bargain prices there on food for his three kids it's too much for gas he said so he shops close to his home in Pompino Beach.
Let me take a look on the BNN channel. I was going to say the gambling channel. It's the Canadian gambling channel.
They don't have as many historical people hyperventilating them. They're much more low key. It's Canadian thing.
Look at that. The T.S. X is way up the Toronto Stock Exchange is up almost 200 point. What's going on?
I don't like it when the price of oil at least the investors here do because all that Canadian oil.
Oh yeah. Eric wanted to remind us not even eight o'clock out there. He got someone out of the shower to go check on the S.
Well 125 dollars and 56 cents in barrel. 125, 56 that's what I was looking for. We got somebody out of the shower. Well excuse us Eric.
Eric excuse me. What's he getting all personicative about? I guess he wants to make sure he's got everything up and ready for the show.
He feels bad when you take shots at him. I wasn't taking any shot. Well what did I say about Eric? I don't know.
Boy everybody is so touchy touchy. Like that your friend what's his name? What's his name? Who?
We got to attend his that cost of email and by the way I've seen that swillery piece already. Oh okay sorry. That's great. That's okay.
You just figure out I'm so out of touch I couldn't possibly have seen it. Well though I mean I didn't see it live. I saw it after the fact but I heard about it.
The Department of Labor reports that gas prices naturally actually went up 5.6% from arch to April but the figure was seasonally adjusted in term economists used to describe changes they make in statistical reports to smooth out some trends that happen every year.
To make it less grotesque I guess. The seasonal adjustment they for was so large it turned the gas price figure from a 5.6% increase to a 2% seasonally adjusted decline.
Right. Oh my God. Figures lie and liars figure and all other crap. It's not the real thing and that doesn't have the budget or the consumer either said economist Antonio Valin.
Something rather. Head of the Washington economic scoop and cruel gables. At the pump South Americans have seen prices skyrocket in recent weeks.
Thank you again Mr. President for those bargain basement prices on a gas for that cheap Iraqi gas. Regular gas tapping $4 a gallon at some
brown and Palm Beach County stations. If you go to the gas station it's $21 or 22 since higher than last month said Stuart Schweitzer global market strategist for JPMorgan private bank.
I don't think there's any way to escape that gas prices are trending sharply higher and further increases our probably in the pipeline given the rise in crude oil prices 125 and change for barrel of oil now.
Volcanist Schmockhead friends banned our both they're raping the world maybe they're laughing their asses off while you're scrambling to try to fill up the tank.
Thanks a lot Mr. President you bastard. Wall Street chose to look at the inflation report another way. There was a sharp rally in stocks from
most of the yesterday because traders expected a high rate of price increases their focus was on the correlation rate that excludes food and energy.
The rally fizzled in the final hour trading as the Dow closed up 66.20 points food however as a cross consumers can't wipe out of their budgets in April the price of food jumped at the highest rate in 18 years.
Oh hallelujah. And they say we're not in a recession where you can forget that said Nancy Bigman of the Irfield Beach after a shopping trip to
Indixie she recently noticed a gross restore receipt she had paid $2.75 for a single tomato.
$2.75 for a tomato man she asked the store manager if it was correct and it was so she returned it who can afford that she said she probably took a bite
out of it and then returned it right Nancy Big going. There's another reason softwater consumers are feeding the burden of rising prices income here are keeping pace with inflation.
According to federal statistics last year softwater consumer prices rose 5.8% for the median hourly wage in Broward County rose only 3.2% a rose only 4.6% in Palm Beach County and 4.2% in Dave County.
In place and it's been outpacing local wages for four years with only one exception the growth in wages in my area was larger than local inflation in 2006.
The Bureau of Liberal Statistics doesn't yet have figures on local wages for 2008 but the trend is the same nationwide.
The Labor Department said average weekly earnings felt 0.5% would adjusted for inflation.
We got real service baby people got afford food they can't afford gas they can't afford to drive their car they can't afford nothing.
How do you like that? I don't know. What are we going to do about that damn website it's like very disconcerting to me.
We're doing everything we can nothing. This aren't anyway. Eric said the guy got a little the shower right. He's got a magic wand like fix it.
Maybe he can wave his magic wand and I hope he drives off. Nothing and nothing happened what I hope he drives off before he tries to fix it.
Yeah that would be really bad if he got electric to get fried and at least if he's going to get fried I hope he fixes the thing before that happens. Please.
Let's see for the information I'm still streaming you live here in beautiful figure somebody says that's good thank you for making the effort to send that in as opposed to it.
Like that did you see that I don't know down there be right under the video. What I'm your all my space somebody else showed up and gave you this fire report to.
It looks like I paid them to do it but I didn't. I didn't see that let me go look okay. Why do you whistle a tune.
I'll be right here.
Yeah that's what it's always.
Okay I'm looking under the thing here.
I don't see any comment why don't you just read it to me as opposed to putting you to this road test exercise.
Okay let me go to it. What is this I don't see any comment I see the video. Yeah right under that video should be a nice comment from Andy.
I don't see no comment from Andy.
Angie or Andy or anybody else there's no comment. I saw it. Let me get to it you know I'm slow over here this computer.
The comment is from Mark and it's about that Keith Overman thing I played which I would have thought that would have been like breathtaking and spectacular but you know.
Let me get to it. Oh under marks. How did Mark get on there. Oh so you want me to read it. Oh Andy's in video. Why didn't you tell me I tried to.
You'll be like not going to geogah whatever the guys down. She came by and saw you and you weren't hard to find and everybody had a good time and that other guy.
Yeah I agree the other guys are sour puss you know.
Justin O'shaap of Akator just looking to stir this pot. George wants to smoke it and this guy wants to stir it.
And we're still down. We're still down. That guy better advice thing off.
The test.
The test.
Rodgers.
40.
The 5.
60.
3.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
5.
4.
3.
5.
4.
5.
6.
6.
7.
Postage page is at block back.
Just fill it, send it back to us, and cash for rice will nail you a check.
I used to get mad when my kids wouldn't finish their food.
Now I just get rich.
Would you rather have cold hard rice in the fridge, or cold hard cash in your pocket?
Call cash for rice now.
I'm 45 at QM, don't forget the jerk show from the studio to the 7-0 from the QM studios.
No, for your ice coffee today, sorry.
That doesn't serve.
Oh, maybe if you come by, he will give you some free ice coffee, I don't know.
That's right.
But nevertheless, the good news is, I don't know what is going to be in the panicky
about it, that we don't need our site to be working for the NEO deal, because it's on
QM.com, not on our website.
So thank God for that, thank God for WQM.com.
What seems to be working just fine?
Right now.
Right now, but we have 14 minutes in some odd seconds before we go in today.
Who does?
That's true, it's a little bit of a time, but you know what Charlie Joe says?
He says, oh, don't get on, don't be bitching about it.
Technical crap happens, you know?
Yeah, sure does, especially in this place, Charlie Joe.
It's your specialty news, you're every day.
See, technical crap, a malfunction at our junction.
Jack Euger writes Republicans who just don't get it.
He says the Republicans lost another crucial election to it, and it was their third special
election loss in a row.
All three were deeply Republican districts in the past.
This one was in the heart of Mississippi and was in the district at George Bush I, with
62% of the vote in 2004.
The Republicans are in deep, deep trouble.
If they lose in these districts, the other two were Louisiana, and the city they had kept
for three decades, and then he has to its former seat Illinois, they can literally lose
anywhere.
The whole electoral map can be redrawn.
So what's their new plan?
Go further to the right.
No use, schmucks, that's what guy even trouble in the first place.
The problem is the Republican Party has become so extreme there are no moderate subjects until
Germany should head in the opposite direction.
Usually, when a political party is beaten this bad, as they were in 2006 an election since
then, they correct course by going toward the other side of the political spectrum.
They head to the center to pick up lost ground.
The Republicans on the other hand have been more like drunken gambors who are sure that
their next double down bet is going to make it all up.
If we just double down one more time, well they did double their bets in these special
elections.
They spent $1.3 million in Mississippi of the pressure 7.2 million in the NRCC had left.
They brought in Dick Taney to campaign for the candidate, talk about heading in the
wrong direction, and they lost again.
They've got to realize that they're not on popular because they haven't been true
enough to their principles, it's because they have.
Their principles are merciless and like all compassion and it turns out that the American
people look for some degree of compassion and competence out of their leaders so the
big bump Republicans are in a bind.
They wanted a drowned government in a bathtub, they didn't want to drown in their own
party instead.
It turns out the American people want a government, they think it serves a purpose.
The problem isn't that conservative principles are never right, of course it makes sense
to lower taxes when the highest marginal tax rate is 70% as it wasn't 80 when Reagan came
into office, but equally obvious is that at some point taxes can be too low for the
government to function effectively.
And when you have a gigantic national deficit, a government that can't respond to national
emergencies like Hurricane Katrina and a disastrous war you can't pay for, that might be the
point where taxes are simply too low to pay for the government the American people want
and expect.
There might be a time for war, but it's not the answer at all times for any reason at
all.
We might have to get tough on immigration policies, but we don't have to crush people's
souls to do it.
There might be a time to get tougher on crime, but the answer is always vengeance.
The Republicans have lost all sight of moderation.
If the Republicans keep heading to do right they'll burn their party to the ground and
someone like Arnold Schwarzenegger or Charlie Christ will have to rebuild from the ground
up as some more moderate reasonable party in or Charlie, gay, Christ, but it will take decades,
he says.
Remember George Bush ran as a compassionate conservative in 2000 and one would launch
a smoke and mirrors by convincing people that he was a kind-hearted Republican.
I think history will look back at 2004 as the aberration.
It'll be the outlier in history.
The what?
Outlier.
Oh.
In 2000 it was hard to know what Bush was exactly up to and he lied about his intentions.
Remember his no nation building and humble foreign policy pledges?
But in 2004 we should know what we were getting into.
That election will be known as the Great Mistake.
But right now as we speak the American people are looking to correct that mistake and when
Republicans run their terrible campaigns based on pessimism, attack, ads, fear, mongering
and dark out.
Look they will get crushed, bank on it.
There's a title wave coming in 2008 and apparently the Republicans have no idea what's
about to happen.
Good.
That's the good news.
The bad news is we're still down.
Now, around 30 you told me in 15 minutes this guy's going to go and wash off his
clothes.
He's going to go what?
Start what?
Start working.
10 minutes and 12 seconds until our Neil Deal goes on air with Sushi Samba.
Can't wait.
I can't wait for that damn thing to come back on because I want to see about those
Gulf Stream shows.
Right.
Maybe they blew the thing out when I said we ought to be getting a tremendous response
on his.
I think they blew it out.
You think I don't?
I mean if we had really you know humongous audience out there would be one thing like we
used to it.
Remember we could have probably blown a thing out once about it.
Who's living in the past?
K.
Yeah.
That's right.
Who's being naive now?
K.
K.
K.
So what's the story?
That's the last you heard from Eric is that the guy I came dripping wet out of the
shower and that was the last thing.
I was Eric watching this on a line or something.
I did not ask.
That's right.
He is.
So he can't pull it is here.
Oh my God.
It was streaming is what I heard.
A yellow stream.
Better get that guy a golf club.
That's right.
God I wish you could see this picture of Julie Bremen with his helmet on.
I don't think.
I don't think so.
I'll pass.
His bulletproof vest.
Maybe he's maybe he's ducking out of the sniper fire.
You're doing it to go on vacation to the Israel.
After general David Patreus testified before the Senator on Service Committee in April
conservative pun to pap you can't and warned that the neocons may yet get they were on
Iran.
You can especially sing a lot Patreus has a great more senator Jew Lieberman when he
suggested is it fair to say that the Iranian bank special groups in Iraq are responsible
for the murder of hundreds of American soldiers and thousands of Iraqi soldiers and civilians.
When we were been appeared on MSNBC's morning Joe on Monday, you can't have reminded him
with that question asked you believe the rest of the air strikes on the Elkwoods force
in Iran if they do not stop this and you expect President Bush to do something like
that.
I hope we don't have to get to the point of moving in any way to into Iran to strike
at the base of the people are responsible for killing Americans Lieberman reply.
But I do hope that the Kud's force in the Iranian government has in mind that it is
a distinct possibility.
The Iranians have been training in Army Iraqi extremists who have gone back into Iraq
and are responsible for the killing of hundreds of American soldiers Lieberman continued
angrily.
This is an outrageous act.
These people have American blood on their hands.
So does your President Mr. Lieberman Mr. Erzatz?
Despite Lieberman's assertions, it has never been firmly proven that Iran is arming
Iraqi militias the LA Times reported last week Iraqi officials have also accused Iran
of meddling in violence in the Echo of the US accusations of a new Iranian meat arms
being found in Basra.
But neither the US nor Iraq has displayed any alleged harm to the public or press.
A plan to show some alleged Iranian supplies, both of the journalists last week in Karbala
and then destroy them, was canceled after the US realized that none of them was from
Iran.
In his column last week, we can express concern that the administration had also painted
itself at us into a corner with a war talk, and that as a result, we're likely headed
either for negotiations with Iran or war.
Speaking to Lieberman on Monday, we can't inset Richard Nixon's bombing of Campotia
as a President asked, why is President Poche hesitant to do what should be done in your
judgment to protect American soldiers?
I'm sure he hopes that diplomatic efforts Lieberman began, and then continued with more
confidence, the best way for a real military conflict to be avoided here is for the Iraqis
to tell their neighbors, we want to live in peace with you, but we're not going to stand
by if you continue to kill thousands of Iraqis in America.
The maniacal of Lieberman.
That's the reason we've had all these years of Bush, him on the Agora ticket.
Forget about all that.
You know, all the fixed vote and so forth and all that stuff, the hanging chads and the
Supreme Court.
And that wonderful Antons Scalia, whom Alessli Gorky is so much that her lips are attached
to his eyes permanent.
She has no lips.
Leslie Gorky?
What does he say?
He says, oh, Stalin.
I say, what does the Gore hurt to?
I said, it's my party, Q and a rep, it's my party, are you going to play that crap?
Don't do it.
So what's the story, Chris, we're back on or what?
Not what I see.
Not that you see.
Correct.
What does Leslie Gorky say?
It's small party.
And I'll cry.
I'll give a big.
You're going to cry, but she's a possessive cry, right?
Yes.
Well, that was back in the 60s.
You know, there was a lot of crying going on in the 60s, a lot of drugs, a lot of sex, a lot
of crying.
Wait, I'm going to start a hollow out of this.
You weren't getting any of either one, right?
I'm clicking on the neo-rages.com.
You know where I'm getting?
Nothing.
I'm getting problem loading page.
How about you?
Correct.
I'm getting nothing.
I'm getting hungry.
Are you bringing food?
No, it's going to be, they don't open until 12, so it'll be here like 12, 20 or 30.
Gerald said?
Remember Gerald.
That's his name, right?
I don't even know.
I don't even know.
There is really such a person, huh?
There really is a sword.
We have exactly five minutes until we open up to the end of the thing.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
It's the same.
There is only one.
Remember the line in the exorcist?
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
There is only one.
Is the time already under this tissue?
Is the time already under this tissue?
Is the time already under this tissue?
Is the time already under this tissue?
What happened???
If there is only one.
It shocked the quality of issue.
You can not just take it.
If this is only one.
if this is only one.
If this is only one.
for some people as a revelation.
It's a shock.
12-1-560-W2.
We're back up with our website.
You got 47 votes on air.
We got the 78 certificates we started with 100.
And we got 78 left.
Aren't you excited that we got this thing back here?
I was really thrilled when it came back up.
When George does the shows at Goldstream,
what's your take?
49 votes.
We'd have a lot more than that if the site would have been up there.
But nevertheless, we'll keep it up to one.
What do you say?
All right.
It's okay, 20.
I love it, 14.
I turned it off nine.
It sucks.
Six.
BAH!
Including a geo guy, probably voted that.
BAH!
BAH!
BAH!
George, we'll give you your money back.
Not.
Yeah, give me this 20 bucks back.
And give him back the hour of his life, too,
while you're at it.
How we doing?
We still got 78?
76.
Trombones.
So Chris, that's your assignment.
Can you handle it?
I can handle it.
And I'll keep my eye on the poll on our website,
which, thank God,
is back up.
Thanks, Eric, for all your feverish work.
And thanks to the guy who's still dripping wet.
That's right.
Get him a towel.
Apparently, a couple of circuit breakers popped,
so they had to rest out.
BAH!
BAH!
Wow.
You're getting a report, an update from Eric.
He called the guy for the post-honored.
You just go on through naked.
I didn't ask, and I don't want to know.
Maybe you stuck his pocket rocket in the right socket.
You think that might be it?
Maybe he's got a magic wand.
54 votes on your poll.
Only 6-8 sucks.
Well, that's good.
I'm really, really, because I was worried about that.
Because I was saying, oh, we don't want to hear about horse racing.
But of course, we don't talk that much specifically about racing,
other than when we're betting.
Yeah, when you were betting.
I think it's funny that it's the cluster fork that it is.
What do you mean by that?
Yeah, that's what people told me.
Even the people that don't even understand what we're saying.
It's funny, because you're yelling at me.
They love that.
12 minutes till the first post at the Meadows with Roger Houston.
And Meadows.
And here's Jerry Beelie since I've tracked DVD.
I answer all those questions and like,
there's a great Jackie, Jerry Beelie,
who like all of the Jockeys is like a little munchkin, you know.
But, uh, but before, like, human.
But, what was, uh, Jose Santos, we saw last night.
I've heard him.
Really? He's a great Jackie.
But, I remember the day's way back speaking of Gulfstream,
when he was really on fire before he went to New York.
Mm-hmm.
And he was riding Gulfstream and his main thing would be he would be like last,
almost early race.
And he would make this gigantic move around the last turn
and just sweep by the field and win so many races like that.
That was his pan to trademark in Florida.
I like that.
Great Jackie.
So what did he say to do?
No, no, he was, they were, his party was leaving the restaurant
when I got the older Mal.
What's Mal Burrows?
He pointed him out and said a lot of Jockeys get there.
Because that's, uh, that's the place they hang.
It's a horse place.
Now what place is this?
The Saratoga and downtown Hollywood.
Really nice place.
Really, really, really good food.
Well, let's see.
You got 71 minutes to post down a church old house.
56 minutes to 1 o'clock.
The first race had been on.
And 66 minutes to a pirmical.
The first race that I'll be seeing here,
we're not going to do this every day.
Because you're not, you know,
let me get that online account going and then we can do it every day.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Get off of that racing channel, you idiot.
I'm talking to myself.
I got what a fool.
No, I just enjoy watching it.
I don't have, in fact, there's someone stressed free
when you don't have a bet down, you know.
Now you wouldn't, you're not that much of a fission out of that.
You would enjoy watching it with no betting interest.
You could care less, right?
I had a little bit more liquid change.
I would, uh, yeah.
Liquid change?
Yeah.
Liquid money.
I might be there.
74 votes on the pool.
When George does those shows of golf stream, what's your take?
It's okay, 31.
I love it, 22.
You put those two together.
Like, um,
it's over 70%, almost 71%.
Right.
I turned it off 13.
That's bad.
And it sucks eight.
So that's like 28%.
Negatory.
And quite frankly, just about anything with this audience.
Oh, yeah.
I'm surprised.
If they like it, it's a miracle.
We still got 70, 73 on a year certificate.
So not the, the first 20 went in chunks.
It went from right.
190 to 80.
Those are the United States.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Here's a matter of course from USA today.
On tap and space, urine will not go to waste.
Astronauts will be moving in the International Space Station soon
will take recycling to new extremes and get some of their drinking water
from the toilet.
All right.
NASA has spent decades perfecting a system to transform urine into water
that can be used in space for drinking, food preparation and washing.
Agency officials say the water from the system will be cleaner than US tap water.
I'm sure that.
How do you like that?
Of course.
The new $250 million machine was being unpacked yesterday at the Spaces Shuttle's Florida
Longsite Shuttle Endeavor Schedule to take it to the station this fall.
If all goes well to so-called, toilet to tap system would be fully operational in six months.
Toilet to tap.
Tap on this.
Russia developed a similar system in the 80s but it never flew in space because of concerns
over crew squeamishness as former-est station astronaut Leroy Chow, now a space consultant,
he says station crews expect hardships there but aren't likely to object.
You're going to the space station as part of exploration, he says, this is just something you have to put up with and that's okay.
Some of the crews drinking water already comes from an unconventional source evaporated laundry water and sweat,
which are captured by Russian machine-mon.
Oh yeah, those Russians sweat up a storm especially with mine, do they?
Oh god, you ever scraped their back?
Sometimes I want to ask some of these people, some of these old Europeans there.
Do you ever get out of the house you're just to come here and annoy people?
Do you know what I mean by that?
I mean these people have no social prowess whatsoever, they just have no social skills, man.
They stink in the name.
There was one bitch who was standing, I do use the word bitch very emphatically.
She was standing with her obnoxious husband who wouldn't show up and Russian.
And she was standing almost right on top of me and she had her arm on the side of the machine so her elbow was up to like her smelly sweaty armpits, her hair is all red like a face.
Yeah.
The Ruskies, man, I'm going to tell you, I don't know if you have any Russians out there in the audience but you two better get the word around, okay?
Chowsh's ex-girlfriend but she don't smell like that.
Well, thank God for that.
Do you have any of your slippers a little bit?
Nor does she have hairy armpits.
I sniffed her a lot.
I have been.
Remember?
Oh yeah.
NASA developed a new system because water was so heavy to carry the orbit once the number of station residents grew from three to six next year.
It would be impossible to ship enough water to the station, says Mary Beth Adeen of NASA's Johnson Space Center.
So we're giving you water from your Johnson.
A toilet to arrive on the station is followed by a liquid waste of new system through pipes.
But the waste water from the station's older toilet will have to be carried in tanks to the processing machine mod.
Their water will be distilled from the waste and then it goes six steps to cleanse it including the addition of iodine to kill microbes.
Iodine.
Oh, you want to be drinking iodine?
Mmm, purple.
Then actually does anybody even buy iodine anymore?
I don't know, but I'm a curicomb guy.
Yeah, a curicomb is like less, uh, yeah.
When I was a kid, there was the antichrist.
There was an iodine which was very like really heavy and medicinal, you know?
It was like a curicomb.
Yeah, a curicomb is like a little more watery and then stain your fingers so much.
The machine will also suck in humidity from the astronaut's sweat and breath and clean it.
Oh, I hope so.
I'm drinking your sweat now.
So what we do on Earth anyway, you know?
Mother Nature takes care of that for you.
The end product will fill the bowls of the new toilet will also dribble from taps in a galley in a hygiene center
where astronauts will bathe and brush their teeth.
The new machine will provide roughly half the cruise water and takes his bob,
bag diggy and of NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center, including one and three quarters gallons per person per day for drinking and food.
Recycling waste water is also getting popularity on Earth.
A dozen or so U.S. communities have plants that cleanse sewage so it can be added to aquavers that supply drinking water.
The biggest plant which can surf, I have a million people open to see an orange county, California.
Public disgust has squalced up systems in San Diego, LA.
Indeed, it admits that recycled water poses a psychological issue to give past,
but says that after it's tasted many, many times, she can't tell the part from any other water.
It's not urine anymore. It's water. It used to be pee, but now it's so water.
I very much understand public squeamishness, bag diggy, and said,
but he added it doesn't have to contend with it because you're talking about people who have already come to grips with putting themselves on a rocket.
So why not drink water from a pocket rocket or like that?
Sure. Or from one of those golf clubs.
Yeah, you can do that.
Sure.
They can have a whole bunch of golf clubs on the P and one end drink out of the other.
That's true. I never thought about that.
Thank goodness.
73 is that up to date?
Yeah.
69.
So you don't know what you're talking about.
Oh, I just refraction. I'm gonna go with 73.
69, man.
Can we say that?
Asteroids, 69.
Oh, sorry.
69, like that.
99 votes on this pool.
Now that it's almost 100, now we should get a much clearer picture of how they feel about Georgianos.
Georgianos.
When Georg does those shows at Gulf Stream, what's your take?
99 votes. It's okay.
40.
Okay. I love it.
30.
So that's 70.7% right there.
I turned it off.
19 and it sucks only 10.
And in this tough cloud that we work on, you know, I'm surprised.
I'm surprised.
Only 10. I'm shocked.
Because all you got to do is give them the opportunity to pitch about that.
To say it sucks, they'll quake it.
Where were you?
I wasted an hour of my life in 20 bucks.
Oh, God.
What's your biggest name?
The best character.
This is your largest sport in the 550 QAM.
The sports leader.
Oh!
Now, it's not only what you drive, but how hard you drive it.
Oh, my.
Look, it's up again.
Don't let it go down.
I like when it goes.
Oh, oh.
There's no smoking near this pump because this action is too hot.
Oh, yeah, baby.
Our full service includes checking your dip day.
Places have never been this big or your copy of gasp,
it's gone wild today.
Well, companies are saving money.
Okay, 12, 16 and 5, 60 WQM.
I have some bad news for it.
We were at 69 and now we're back up to 71.
And this certificate's...
Yep.
Not good.
Well, a lot of people who aren't into a sushi, you know, I hate to say that.
Because I'm sure it's a fine establishment, but never too long.
Well, I've got a lot of other stuff, too.
Maybe there's a scared off by the...
What you call it?
The name?
The name, yeah.
Well, when the food comes in, is it there yet?
No, no, not yet.
When all the money is in it.
When all the money is in it.
Which is in noodle bowls and things like that.
You can read about how it's greeted.
And maybe that'll like a light of fire under this audience's ass.
Under their collective ass.
Don't forget, come on and see us this Saturday, 3 to 5 Augustine.
We'll be somewhere.
Gio will point out where we're going to be.
Right.
Front and center.
Whatever that means, sure.
Like, there's no way to miss it.
116 votes on your poll about your Gulf Stream appearances.
And of course, George is no really care what you think.
Well, look at that.
We had a couple of down on the streaming.
We got all kinds of stuff going on.
Most of it not very good.
Still 71.
We have two of bogus.
Probably a chicken neck.
Try to use his old Montgomery Warden Jefferson's cards.
They're not buying it.
118 when George says the shows from Gulf Stream, it's OK 46.
I love it 35.
I trade off 25 and it sucks 12.
It sucks.
BAH!
Like that.
A new US government report reveals that nearly 2500 children being held a military custody in Iraq and Afghanistan by the US.
Are not uniformly protected as mandated by view and protocol.
Neither contends the AC and you are those government's six new recruits here at home.
The report submitted yesterday the Wynne Committee on the Rights of the Child shows that there is no said policy in place to handle the use under the age of 18 captured and detained by the US military in Iraq and Afghanistan.
It is shocking!
Said Jamil Vakwar director for the ACLU's Human Rights Program to know that the US is holding hundreds of juveniles in Iraq and Afghanistan, even more disturbing that there is no comprehensive policy in place that will protect their rights as children.
Juvenile's and former child soldiers should be treated first and foremost as candidates for rehabilitation and reintegration into society not subjected to further victimization.
The ACLU in addition to reports that the US lack of policies to underage detainees violates not only the international norm but the optional protocol on the involvement of children in armed conflict ratified in 2002.
The protocol mandates?
What was that?
Sorry.
What was that?
I farted.
Oh, the protocol mandates that no person under 18.
The ACLU continues to be a military force and calls to protect with all feasible measures members of military force under the age of 18 from direct combat, whether they state military or militia.
About 500 children in Iraq alone are being held without charge.
In US-run facilities the government says the children are being topped to contribute positively to the future of Iraq.
The ACLU contends that in addition to these children up to 23 children under 18 are being held at the infamous Bagram Military Base in Afghanistan and up to 60 at Gitmo.
They are going to get more than a bargain full.
They teach them a thing or two aint it.
How are we doing on this so thing?
Still 71?
Yep.
Still 71 certificates we started with 100 and we are still sitting there on 71?
Oh my God, it's good thing I'm going on vacation tomorrow and I'll tell you that.
Yep.
So much stress and so much pressure, it's enough to make you want to crumble.
What is the Jewish cracker call the professor who's supposed to be an intelligent person asked me what's the Jewish cracker call?
Redneck.
Do you ever hear such a question in your life, Moths is what he's talking about.
Moths a man, the Jewish cracker.
I'm just about ready to like cave in today, you know what I mean by that?
Nope.
I'm about ready to crumble.
The nation's first openly gay governor tried to convince the judge and his divorce case yesterday that he's too poor to pay alimony, saying he's been financially crippled by his resignation in Miracle Troubles.
From a New Jersey governor James McGreeby said he has limited income and few assets and has all but unemployable these days.
I got my furnishings today, Huffman Coof's going out of business sale McGreeby said when I said describe his belongings.
By the way I'm shopping for my wardrobe at the Goodwill these days, for those who are wondering.
Are you still shopping at K-Mart?
McGreeby and his wife, Dean of Naturalism McGreeby, have been separated since he left Orifice in November 2004.
Three months after he said he hadn't a fare with a male staffer and planned to resign, the staffer denies he had any fare with McGreeby and accused him of sexual harassment.
Apparently the governor had the huts for this guy, like that.
The huts.
The couple have agreed on custody of their only child, 60-year-old Jacqueline, but are fighting over alimony child support and how to divide their assets and liabilities.
Mattos, Mott's and McGreeby is asking the court to award her alimony additional money based on the contention that McGreeby committed marriage fraud.
She said she was duped and emerged by a gay man who needed the cover of a wife to advance his political career, like you're a governor.
Oh, he's got a girlfriend, you know, Charlie Chris. He couldn't possibly be gay, Neil. You're wrong. You think everybody, you're a governor. He's got a girlfriend. Yeah.
A girlfriend named Bruce.
McGreeby counters that his wife, when we married in 2007, said that no one was gay in it. For most of their marriage, he made more money than him.
She said that no one was some kind of a fag for Christ's sakes.
Looking at all those naked pictures of guys, sniffing jockstraps.
He spent hours on the sand yesterday detailing his jobs and sources of income because of this case, I've been financially crippled. He said he's expected to be on the stand today as a matter of fact.
He may be on there right now, singing, I want to testify.
Now an Episcopal Seminary student.
McGreeby 50 said he owes a prior divorce lawyer at least 160 in grand and hasn't paid his first wife, X-Wife, any child support this year.
He said he relies on his boyfriend to pay legal bills and lifestyle expenses.
McGreeby acknowledged that he's indifferent to money and passed up opportunities to increase his income during his marriage by instead running for public orifice.
Before he took the stand, McGreeby lawyers Stephen Haller told the judge the Eres governor should not have to pay Alimony to his wife because the couple short term marriage does not qualify for her for it.
Haller accused Mattos McGreeby 41 of having an emotional vendetta against his client.
Mattos McGreeby, not funny, I just got that text message about Mattos.
We're reading a story about Mattos McGreeby.
Mattos.
Quentin?
No.
Haller said Dina Mattos McGreeby's earnings exceeded her husband during about half of their marriage.
John Posts represents Dina Matt, Mattos McGreeby said he was absurd that the two partners had equal earnings and said McGreeby is underestimating his earning potential.
Posts noted that McGreeby earned 429 grand in 2006, 185 grand last year.
During his testimony, McGreeby said he proposed writing a tell-all book with his estranged wife, but he turned him down later wrote her own memoir.
McGreeby said he was initially offered a million dollars to write his life story shortly after leaving office in his grace.
The later signed a book contract for far less schmuck.
He said his goal was not to make money but to help gain lesbian teenagers who might find the courage to live openly after reading about his life as a closeted gay man.
It was about my failures and my sins. He said it was book The Confession.
The Confession.
Oh, don't tell me this thing is a died again, honest.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, this is getting really ponderous. Our website is out again.
Oh, no.
You know what that means, don't you?
It's the end of the world.
Yes.
As we know it.
It's still 71 on it.
Huh?
Let's just go home if there weren't food covered.
Oh, 69. We're back to see if we can handle that.
But as far as our website,
Gourmetch-Telfinn had anything to do with it.
Those circuit breakers must have popped again.
There it is.
So maybe Eric wants to get that guy out of the shower again.
We at least want him finish one shower and watch off his goods and stuff.
Is that ever happened to us before twice in one day?
I don't think so.
It must have.
I don't know.
No, get out of here.
Get out of town.
So who's the thing going to come by to see us on Saturday?
Everybody.
Everybody.
Well, what does that mean?
The good, the bad, the ugly, the ridiculous and the sublime.
Mm-hmm.
Mostly the ridiculous and the ugly.
Be sure of that.
Positive.
So you never did finish your story about Jose Santos.
He was having dinner at the...
Or, as a little sartoga downtown Hollywood.
Great place.
Right.
Family dining.
Best of you all in the city.
And the owner, Mal Burrows, was talking to us about what a smart I'm.
For giving you a hard time about the trotters and all the crap that I say.
And the Jose Santos party was leaving and he pointed them out.
And that's the end of the story.
I see.
So there goes Jose Santos.
A lot of jockeys hang out here because you don't know.
You didn't let speak in this time.
Or do you know what Jose?
No, I did not.
Or in English.
I would have asked him how come the trotters don't run as fast as they can.
He's not a...
I know.
I probably would have laughed.
I don't know.
That's why I do thoroughbreds.
He probably wants to welcome a lot of the thoroughbreds who are on this fast as they should either.
Oh, that would have been a shot.
Now, wouldn't it?
26 past noon at 5.60 WQM.
We're having all sorts of technical issues here today.
But you know what?
Vacation for me tomorrow.
I'll somehow survive.
I'll fake my way through.
Watch your mama.
I'll follow faith.
I'll follow faith.
If you marry since then, trouble.
Well, listen up this morning.
We're about to burst your bubble.
Hey, I sent you to this morning.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
yeah.
pumping
50
We wanted 560 WQAM on a really nifty Thursday, man.
Everything is all screwed up.
So what did any more information from Eric or what?
No, I didn't get it.
Yes, they're having problems with the circuit breakers,
so they are changing out equipment.
Yeah, oh boy.
That's what he said.
What is it?
Instead of just flipping the breaker and hoping,
I guess they know that something's tripping it.
So they're changing out breaker.
They're tripping while it's California, you know?
Well, you know.
So that was the sponsor call during the break.
And we still have 69 certificates left for a sushi samba.
69 out of 100.
They're not exactly flying off the shelf yet.
Now, is the food there you enter one?
Yes.
And?
What do you got?
Sushi.
Some of it is good.
And I haven't even started.
It just showed up.
But I'm about to dig into it right now.
Well, dig into it and rave about it and assume it's good.
Well, we know it's going to be good.
It's not good.
And then maybe we'll move some more.
And then maybe we'll get our website back too.
Very strange day, man.
Really mysterious.
Piced by the demands of the Global War on terrorism,
the West is violating an international protocol
that forbids the recruitment of children on the age of 18
for military service,
according to a new report released Tuesday
by Major Civil Rights Group that charged recruitment practices
target children as young as 11 years old.
Can I send a message here?
Sure.
Go ahead.
Now, while you're sending it, I'll tell you that.
We're just called.
We're on the backup, backup system.
And that it should be up and running in a couple of minutes.
Really?
See.
That's it.
What have we called the same?
Three more letters.
Okay.
Well, it's very important.
Not really.
It just, you know, was more important than whatever is going on here.
Well, my mind is invocation mode.
Don't you understand?
I understand it very well.
And I'm in eaten mode.
Let's just have a look at that.
So I start this story again because it's important.
And I don't know if there was about kids who are being, you know,
held detention.
And, you know, why not abuse kids too?
As long as we're abusing adults, why not abuse kids?
What should they be loved out and detained them?
What about them to be jealous?
Just like Hitler did, you know,
with the little kids after he ran out of adult soldiers,
he signed up all the little kids.
Remember that?
They all died too.
Press by the demands of the Global War on terrorism,
the U.S. is violating an international protocol that forbids
of recruitment of children to the age of 18 for military service.
According to a new report released Tuesday by Major Civil Rights Group
that charged the recruitment practices,
target children as young as 11 years old.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
The 46 page report,
Soldiers of misfortune, which was prepared by the ACLU for submission
of the UN Committee on the Rights of the Child.
Also found that U.S. military disproportionately targets
poor and minority public school students.
What a surprise.
Are you shocked by that?
No.
No, we know that.
Military recruiters for the report use exaggerated promises
of financial rewards for enlistment, which undermines the
volunturiness of their enlistment.
What does that mean?
Voluntariness?
That's all right, trutiness.
In some cases, documented by the report, recruiters used coercion,
deception, even sexual abuse in order to gain recruits.
Proprietrate does such practices only very rarely punish the report found.
U.S. military procedures for recruiting students playing the
violent international accepted standards and failed to protect youths
from abusive and aggressive recruitment tactics said Jennifer Turner
of the ACLU Human Rights Project.
The increased aggressiveness of military recruiters is new in major
part of current the report to the increased pressure to meet enlistment
quotas caused by ongoing U.S. military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan
to which nearly 200,000 soldiers and Marines are currently deployed.
The pressure created by current military commitments is not only
translated into enhanced recruitment efforts among children under 18
as young as 11.
The armed forces have also lowered their standards for minimum
intelligence and tests made it easy to enlist individuals with criminal
records and increased reenlistment bonuses for soldiers who might otherwise be
tempted to leave the service.
The report, which also detailed Washington's Faded Product Foreign
Child Soldiers being held by U.S. forces at Guantanamo Bay and elsewhere
around the world as part of its submission to the U.I. Committee on the rights of
the child assesses Washington's compliance with the optional protocol on the
involvement of children in the armed conflict.
The protocol is designed to protect the rights of children under 18 and may be
recruited by the military and deployed to war.
Okay, so what did Eric say now?
I wasn't paying any attention.
I was sending a text message.
I was reading the story on the air.
I was confused.
He said we are now on like backup, backup equipment for the moment.
So we sold another one here for a sushi samba.
Correct.
Now what are you reading?
Shritchy-Pora.
I'll cut the wall.
Back up.
Oh, happy day.
Oh, oh.
Those Edward Hawkins singers, man, we had been so busy on this show lately.
We had many unhappiness.
I think they could put these chopsticks down.
Oh, well, don't do that.
Are you eating with chopsticks?
Yeah.
You're a sushi guy, right?
You're a sushi.
Right, yeah.
I got to confess I'm a little squeamish.
Fritz, though, I don't like fish.
Right. Well, what was sushi?
What starters would we have to?
Yeah.
But like, you know, shrimp tempore is a fried shrimp kind of a thing.
So I like that.
If you like fried shrimp and rice and things like that.
And you got like a really good sauce, like sugar-rear sweet sauce that you dip it in.
It can.
But I use soy sauce.
And wasabi.
Wasabi.
I see.
I don't think I have that in here.
Where the hell is that?
I don't have that?
Well, don't know like a spicy tuna roll.
I got like a big roll.
I got I don't know, California roll.
All kinds of rolls.
Any halva?
No, but I'm for the way.
Of course there's the shows at Gulf Stream.
What's your take?
That's our pulmagot this back up there.
Because I know that they're all sitting on the edge of their seats waiting for the final Nutali here.
Sally.
Uh-huh.
140 votes.
It's okay.
57.
I love it.
39.
You put those two together and get over 68%.
I turned it off 28 and it sucks 16.
That's 31%.
That's less than a turd out of 140 votes.
So what do you think?
Are we going to sell these out by two or what Chris?
Chris always says, oh yeah.
Always.
And we'll also have like 6000 votes on the pool because we got three of them going.
By the way, I don't want to keep this one going here.
Do you want me to change it?
I thought you were going to keep it until one.
Keep it under one.
Right.
What?
Just so you know, because I know you don't know from bento boxes.
It's just a Japanese way of serving.
I hate to break the news to you, but there's a fast food joint here.
No, not a fan.
Yeah, I say, um, not a fast food, but in one of the food courts here, there's a bento box joint.
Oh, really?
Well, we don't know about it.
So they have, I don't.
I've said it, but I'm a vegetarian.
I'm a vegetarian, chicken, turkey, rib, itari, turkey, shrimp, tempura, vegetable tempura.
All these dishes, you know, dishes, besides sushi there.
A bento box is how Japanese serve food sometimes.
It's just a way.
What is it?
What is a bento box?
Well, it's a box and it's compartmentalized.
Yeah, these different dishes in different, um, what do you call it?
Foods in different compartments in the box there.
Also, like if you go to the market and they have like fresh foods every day, you know, they can put in one of those little things.
That's right.
It's got compartments in it.
Right.
So you don't say you don't get your like roast beast.
Right.
And the gravy with it all mixed up with your macaroni and cheese.
But the juice doesn't, I don't want to make it sound like I occasionally break it.
macaroni and cheese and ork, but I do.
They're going to die up there.
Yeah, eventually someday.
Probably.
I'm thinking I'll probably will die here because I spend much more time here than down there, but you never know.
You do the best you can.
That's the way I look at life.
You wake up every morning and the fact that you're alive is first of all when you get to be a real old-fall like me.
The fact that you're breathing and you're alive and you're coherent.
You're not so bad, you know.
Right.
In addition to me, like luckily I don't have all those aches and pains like a lot of good or old nasty farts, you know.
Keep what those...
Yeah.
Like you do it.
I'm doing.
Right.
I think just in one day on an average day, including why if I go to Woodvine,
and I like to take the car and I park and drive it to walk to the entrance.
In one day here, I walk more than I would in a year down there.
In a year.
Really?
You think I'm exaggerating?
No, I don't.
I'm telling you.
I'm smelling in and I'm telling you.
And especially during the time when we didn't have that damn pony, I mean, that wonderful solstice.
Now that I mentioned to you that I'm driving one of the Corvettes back up here,
I think you did mention it was.
And I got me a nice parking space downstairs from nice old Czechoslovakian lady.
And then I'll have my own car to drive around, my own Corvette.
Now do you think that Paco's going to get to drive that thing?
I don't know.
Maybe if he asks, or if he cries.
You don't love me.
Don't make me at ease.
Yeah, nobody can do that.
Don't make me at ease.
Oh, talk about the Paco in a little pink.
Wow.
Mmm.
The best talent ever.
The perfect sport for the 5.50 QAM.
I think.
Fourth leader.
See.
Looks like he's over again four times between now and so what do you say?
Sounds like a real plan to me.
Okay.
Can I read in your book you used to smoke dope?
Just you wait until the big convention.
All the sober delegates will be mine.
Then all of your supporters will be angry.
Hear how they whine.
Barack Obama.
No, you cannot win.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
This campaign feels like it's never ending.
People think that I'm out of my mind.
I'll tell the pundits when I'm nominated.
Kiss my behind.
Welcome.
Barack Obama.
Middle name who's saying.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I am the walrus.
Who could choose me?
No.
I think it's good that she's standing.
Do you realize how boring it would be if she just threw in the town?
Okay.
It's only the 15th of May.
What would they talk about on all the news channels?
Probably answer to talk about dancing with the stars and Jason Taylor and Crap like that all the time.
And about how the Patriots cheat or spygate wrote the Patriots cheat.
When you go one in 15, who the hell are these bastards to be talking about anybody?
I don't think that's a really frost my ass.
One in 15.
Do you have any idea how embarrassing that is?
Chris?
Yeah.
Talk to him, Chris.
Just a little bit.
Just a little bit?
Well, you know, how about humiliating and degrading and grotesque?
What?
Better than 0 and 16.
Yeah, well.
You could have been.
Now, didn't they win that game at overtime?
Yes.
Yeah.
They had to go to overtime to win a game.
Great memory of them.
Who was it against?
Ravens.
Who ended up being?
And the coach got fired at another season, basically, for the game.
They scoring challenge Ravens.
They, they suck.
See?
In the offense.
I mean, a quarterback is, he looks good, at least, but they start, what's his name?
The Ravens?
Yeah.
Boy, a...
Kyle Boller?
Kyle Boller.
See, I know it was somebody with a bowling guy.
Kyle Boller.
Hey, it looks pretty good, but he's a weak.
And they don't score any points.
Other than that, they're great.
That's last season.
It's a new year now.
Yeah, right.
It's a new regime.
It's the...
It's the middle part of ourselves.
It's the big tuna.
I mean, he got the big tuna in there in that, you're a lot.
I do, indeed.
You have some walleye tuna?
Big tuna rolls.
I don't know how walleye tuna.
What does that mean walleye tuna?
I don't know how that means.
Walleye means when a fish has its eyes on both sides of its head, that's walleye tuna.
Like a flounder, I believe, is a walleye tuna.
Flounder?
Are you talking about Fanass, Jolly Jill again?
I'll have to check on that.
I'm not sure.
Flounder.
But I do believe that a flounder is one of the various walleye tuna fish.
Well, what about a dolphin?
I'm not talking about a football player.
I'm talking about a purpose.
They don't have two eyes?
Yeah, but they're not on the same side of their head.
A walleye has two eyes on the same side of its head.
If I'm not mistaken, I'm going to have to...
Get that out of here.
You're a crazy person.
All right.
I'm going to look things up.
Walleye has two eye.
Do you believe that, Chris?
I mean, I'm looking up a walleye fish, and it's just like a regular looking fish.
Is there six eyes on the side of its head and its anus?
Maybe it's got an eye on its ass so we can see where it's been.
And it's native to most of Canada.
There you go.
Figures.
I've seen some people who are with me with two eyes.
I'm a side of their thing.
TomPain.com, making senators, making sense, our future, whatever.
You're rid of that.
Oh, having bulging eyes is the...
Not bulging eyes.
We're not two eyes on the same side of their.
George made a mistake.
George made a mistake.
I'll never let it down.
Boy, that is really bad.
So they have bulging eyes?
There are various definitions of running into.
Like a bullfrog tone, large bulging eyes as some fish, having eyes wide open and glaring
as an anger, having an eye with light colored iris or white or opaque cornea.
Intoxicated.
Drunk.
Really?
Really.
A drunk is walleyeed?
I thought pie eyed.
Well, maybe that too.
Have you ever heard that from Piaid?
Of course I had.
It's called walleye.
The cross side is good like what's your name on channel 10 used to be, was your name?
The newsletch.
What do you like, Rod?
Christy Krueger.
Christy Krueger, that's the one.
Is she still on?
I don't know.
What ever did happen to our good close friend or a channel six?
Who used to be on channel four, but now a channel six?
Which one?
The one that got bloomed up to like 800 pounds.
Kelly Craig.
Kelly Craig, what happened to her?
I don't know.
I know she was pregnant.
And of course all pregnant, most pregnant women get pretty, you know, plump.
And then after she spit out the baby all the sudden, she just, she just couldn't bigger and bigger.
Well, I was on the last time I wasn't really sure it was her.
This weekend I'm going to turn on in the weekend a lot.
I don't know.
In the morning.
I'm going to turn on channel six in the weekend.
I hope to see Kelly Craig looking at least and unsolidored in the last time.
I said, we love you Kelly.
She's a real sweetheart.
She's a nice person.
So I thought another definition where it's the opposite of being cross-eyed, where your eyes are divergent, meaning facing opposite.
Oh, in other words, they go off to the street outside.
So then you have real good, peripheral vision, I guess.
Here are the sirens out there.
They're coming here.
You hear it?
Well, I hear it.
Now, is it possible that the first five and a half years that I was here?
I never didn't notice it that much.
Or is it possible that they're just a lot more fat going on last few months?
It just never seems to end.
But everybody says, oh, any big city is like that.
Okay.
Yeah.
You know, like plantation.
Right.
That ain't no city.
It's sure as hell is.
You better watch your ass, mister.
It's a bedroom.
You start knocking plantations.
It's another bedroom town, where there are eight men in them.
All the bedroom towns on...
There's no, uh, nothing.
I mean, there's downtown Miami and everybody's trying to give me a son.
Oh, you've got to go to downtown Miami, no.
Or a four-lotter-dale downtown.
No.
I mean, the obvious question would be why.
Why do you have to go to those places?
I don't know.
The only problem is the omnistil there or not.
It's kind of like a flea market or something right now.
I don't know.
The shirt's still there.
Remember the omnistil when it first opened?
Sure.
Nobody was going there then either except drug dealers.
All the Colombians, man, they had two cases full of cash and they were coming out with all the VCRs and cameras and crap.
All the electronics.
Remember those days?
No.
Let's talk about the days when NIO was cruising the bull of our baby back in the 70s and 80s, early 80s.
That guy, he'll show up Saturday then.
That guy's just a crazy person.
No longer there.
What?
The omn?
Correct.
You positive?
I found a story.
Are you sure all's calm?
Yes.
I like that.
I'm the International Mall of Miami.
The last paragraph says today in 2006,
the mall space is still empty.
All get it out to make way for failed business space ideas that never got off the ground.
It is an empty show with the exception of an art school that moved into the first floor of the Jordan Marsh space.
Jordan Marsh?
Now see that, I don't understand.
Although the hotel still stands and operates normally.
68, we sold another one of our deals.
I think we had 68.
Then wait, well, 68.
Still.
For Sushi Samba?
Maybe these people just don't want to go to Lincoln Road.
Maybe they're not Miami Beach crowd.
Maybe they don't like Sushi.
Maybe they're just a bunch of hard asses about the money they have been getting around by.
How about the Miami Beach crowd by and some?
What Miami Beach crowd?
We have listeners on Miami Beach.
What are you talking about, man?
You're Beach should.
You're people.
My people, in other words, gay.
Yes.
How's that what you're talking about?
Where I have a lot of fags on Miami Beach first thing?
Yes.
That's exactly what I'm talking about.
It's been closed for almost nine years.
The B2 of the omn.
On the...
December 31st.
1999.
Wow.
Boy, you better get around more.
If you'd be a spent all your time in South Florida, you'd see all the damn places that are closed down.
You'd be really, really depressed.
It's like when you go back anywhere a year later.
Right?
You can never go back.
I saw a thing in a Boston Globe today was about all the different ice creams.
You know what's your favorite place for ice cream locally?
In the Boston area?
And Brighams wasn't even listed.
And so I googled Brighams and there's a big article about it.
And they merged with some other company from New York state,
not in New York, but it's still Brighams.
And it's not even listed there.
I'm going to tell you, Brighams was so good that if I still lived in Boston, I'd be dead.
The food there was just awesome.
Now there's a lot of food that's overrated.
Like in the North End, there's a lot of Italian restaurants that really suck.
So if you go to Boston for the first time, don't go to the North End and expect that any Italian restaurant you're walking
is going to really be great.
Because some of them really suck.
I'll take the old Prince spaghetti house any day, baby.
For dinner and then stop for Brighams on a way home.
With my little 1960 Corvere.
Yeah, they don't make them like they used to.
I'm telling you right now, that was a neat little car.
And a big knock on it was that the fan bells kept going.
Oh no, that's the way it goes.
Crap happens.
That's what Joe Bell says.
Jolly Joe says, well, fan bells break, Neil.
Oh, it's a technical thing.
You know, they break down.
I mean, if I had to choose between a really brand new pristine 60 Corvere and like this Pontiac solstice.
Yeah, I'll take the solstice.
That's what I thought.
I mean, the Corvere was like a nice beginner car.
Just like the solstice is a nice beginner car for some punk, you know.
That was your first one?
The Corvere.
Yeah.
My second car was a 63 olds mobile.
An old 88 or something like that.
And then Larry Kent once sold me a car when I was working a KIT when I came to South Florida.
He sold me an old, was it an 98?
Was there such a thing an old 98?
The big expensive gas guzzling one.
The hot one.
You used one and man, that thing had more problems.
Used to be able to like, for all spaghetti in the, you know, where you have the, the antifreeze.
Right.
The radiator.
And the radiator.
No, not in the radiator where you have the, the low washer fluid.
All right.
Yeah.
And you used to boil.
We get boiling.
You could have put pasta in there.
How would that damn pasta maker that they're peddling on TV?
Have you ever seen that tube that they have?
Cube!
We just stick the hot water and pasta in there.
And it boils by itself.
That thing looks so, now why would that work?
Why would it make a boil?
Well, it's not.
Do you pour boiling water into it?
Yeah.
Well, why does it keep boiling?
It doesn't.
It's a, it costs.
It's 86 along the coast.
Everybody's listening to the coast, that's our problem.
We can get you all the co-lobs.
How do I just need it?
You need me auditing it.
You can get on it.
60 QAM.
We're going to get on it.
We're going to get on it.
It's about 8.
It's got the rail.
And when I'm up in Boca-Tiga, slapping old women with paint and lips around the pole,
I listen to the Neal Rogers one to two.
I mean, I listen to the Neal Rogers, Aaron Balance one to two hours.
STD-Latin Strip Joys.
Approved by Joyce.
Farts Sounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
Online gambling scams.
Approved by Joyce.
Words containing the word bag.
Rejected by Joyce.
Directile dysfunction spots.
Resoundingly approved by Joyce.
Cuba Sounds resembling Farts Sounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
Blakensport's related baggery.
And Sports Show hosts encouraging kids to rob liquor stores.
Happily approved by Joyce.
Farts Sounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
64 is all we got left on the place.
Sushi-mi sushi.
64, that's not bad.
Not good.
Food good.
What do you got?
What do you got besides the sushi?
No sandwiches.
What were you talking about before sandwiches?
That's what the menu is reading about the menu.
Oh, okay.
The comments are here.
I got closed this out, by the way, as promised.
We got the new pull up there, which is a little more sexy than the show is at Gullstream.
But nevertheless, although I think that what's his name on it has sex with the Gullstream?
Right.
Geo.
Geo.
Well, we could just wrap this up a little bit.
I'm starting to like a Schmidt can.
Some of the people in that mind space, much more easily than I used to.
I very rarely blocked anybody, unless they were really just totally not just, yeah.
But now they just annoy me, like that Anthony the B.P.S. guy, Tony the Connecticut.
I just blocked him yesterday.
He's just annoying.
Randy this, Randy the Randy, Randy.
Did you just tell him, I don't really give a crap about Randy.
I wish you all were lucky to work in the world and more power too.
But whatever, yeah.
And so he just keeps writing the same thing.
And I finally just blocked him.
Just annoying.
He's a groupie.
And if you look at his own site, you know, his own Myspace page, it's got you, and me, and Randy.
And every radio person with a Myspace thing, who he ever came down the play, that's all he's got.
Perfect.
Groupie.
Groupie.
And there are a few things in the world worse than a groupie.
When George says this shows at Gullstream, once you take, we have not 195 votes.
I could have waited for 200 Chris, but I didn't.
Oh, too bad.
What do we have on the first one when I wish I made a can?
Give me one second.
Yeah, go ahead.
So you're going to go view previous, and it's going to be this one.
No, I'm going to history.
Oh.
Yeah.
Whoa, whoa.
It feels like we're reliving history here.
It's taken so long.
Let's got a little ball of previous polls.
Yeah, I know what it is.
Do you think I know what it is?
I don't know, dear.
Yeah.
Scroll the polls.
Okay, get with it, Tommy.
Well, it really doesn't make any difference.
Okay, how many we had?
I mean, why did I even ask that question?
I knew it was going to be like a big storm in the day.
948.
948 and 195 is 1143.
Even a child could do that, Matt.
So what does that mean?
Nothing.
When George says this shows at Gullstream, what's your take?
It's okay, 83.
I just want to make sure that combined, we had a worth thousand.
Otherwise, I'd feel really, really nervous and bad, you know?
Like, oh, geez.
What are we going to do?
Especially if being your last poll for a while.
Yeah, my, oh, oh, and I never got a chance to confabulate
with George this morning about that stuff.
The stuff.
Yeah, like I'm going on vacation tomorrow.
The good stuff?
Like, no, not that good.
Oh.
Like the bedtime story.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Now, the bedtime story is going to be on there for tomorrow.
You're going to have to worry about that.
Okay, so starting tomorrow for the next day.
No, not starting tomorrow for the next day.
Just, just that one day.
Okay.
And then I'll let you know.
I'll send you a text room or some beautiful.
So I've got to do them today for tomorrow then, you say?
No, you just, wait, you got tomorrow taking care of it.
I've got to do Saturday.
Sorry, it's the wasabi.
Friday for Saturday.
Got it.
For Saturday, okay?
And then I'll be down there and I'll take care of my beautiful-
Alicia Leholm, I'll take your business.
Beautiful.
And then when I'm driving back up here, I'm not going to be able to do it
from the vet.
I don't have a computer in my program.
No, I don't have any.
Why not?
That's what it does.
That'll be a text when you want me to take over.
There you go.
Like you said.
George does the shows at Girls' Dream.
It's okay, 83.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay, it's okay.
My first song.
Share it with you.
I explore that part.
I know, I ride.
he r ates theus to explain them.
if something's right up to you,
if you don't want...
out of the first thirteen we just started to get a nibble on this pool you know
a little nibble was with the man with a cloth
it's always good to have a cloth just in case you know there's like a
nation speaking of that pastor Haguey apologizes for anti-catholic remarks and
we still hearing very little about him everybody in the brothers still oh
Reverend Jeremiah right Reverend right Papa Babbana it's gonna come back to
Hondo bomb a Babbana but Haguey who's at least a half again this crazy is
Reverend right we don't hear too much about John Haguey an influential Texas
televangelist who endorsed John McCain apologizes to Catholics he
apologized Tuesday for asting criticism of the Roman Catholic Church having
and for having emphasized the darkest chapters in the history of Catholic and
Protestant relations with the Jews Haguey's support for McCain is drawn cries
about rage from some Catholic leaders who called on McCain to re-jank Haguey's
endorsement the likely Republican nominee why do they keep saying that has
said he does not agree with some Haguey's past comments but did not reject his
support and let her to William Donahoe
president of the Catholic League for Civil and Religious Rights the far-best
in William Donahoe Haguey wrote our out of a desire to advance a greater unity
among Catholics and evangelicals in promoting the common good I want to express
my deep regret for any comments that Catholics have found hurtful Donahoe
one of Haguey's sharpest critics said he accepted the apology and planned to
be today in New York I got what I wanted down to you said and if you he
seen the light as they like to say so for me it's over yeah far-bison he got
what he wanted the controversy I threatened to pursue McCain throughout the
campaign potentially hurting his standing with Catholic voters a majority of
Roman Catholics voted for president Bush in the past two presidential
elections critical votes in close elections and I'm on and what's the Catholic
obsession with switlery can you tell me that why does she give like 70 80% of
Catholics and almost every state I don't know this is because they're so far
business that maybe maybe the Pope put them up to it you think that could be
it that even when the Pope was here he like put a curse a hex on a bomb bomb
off maybe he don't like those people either he isn't like those dark folks don't
keep yourself okay there's a few of those bishops around but not too many just
enough to calm everybody down just enough to pacify you know I mean by that yep
the letter came after he met Friday for lunch in a French restaurant in
downtown Washington with 22 influential religious activists virtually all of
them Catholics I'm really curious about why this story where's this from it's
from AP associated press what difference does it make that he met them in a
French restaurant I don't know I'm saying why why does it say that it's a
stuck up to the French I don't know oh what a horrible thought that is he
decided in position the crusades is evidence of anti-Semitism with the
Catholic Church and suggested that Catholic anti-Semitism shaped Adolf Hitler's
views of Jews in my zeal to oppose anti-Semitism and bigotry in all its
ugly forms I have often emphasized the darkest chapters in history of
Catholics and Protestant relation with the Jews he wrote in the process I may
have contributed to the mistaken impression that the anti-Jewish violence of
the crusades and the acquisition defines the Catholic Church it most certainly
does not how about the pedophile priest is that to find the you know it oh hey
he's often made references to the apostate church and the great horror terms
that Catholics say are slurs into the Roman Catholic Church in his letter he
he said well you know one thing about Madeline O'Hare she said pieces now in his
letter he's she always you see the Roman Catholic Church he would roll her tongue
cute oh she was she was full of vinegar and whatever goes with it full of
Pian vinegar in his letter in fact it was on she was supposed to be on my show I
think was on a Saturday morning that's when I decided no more guests and I'm
not gonna do any more that old boy that old style talk that's that's the day she
was doing happy about it my producer had a call off say oh you're not gonna
what talk to you they as tired of you we old bag you know she was good though
she was very entertaining had big balls her son was like kind of a retard he's
dead too they chopped him up in little pieces too you know in his letter he
he said he now better understood that his use of those descriptions taking
from the book of revelations are a rhetorical device long employed in anti-Catholic
literature and commentary he stressed out in his use neither these phrases can
be synonymous with the Catholic Church the remarkable two and a half
pages letter was no doubt inspired by the political storm Higgies endorsement
caused Higgie leads a San Antonio Texas mega church with a
congregation in the tens of thousands of goofballs isn't even wider TV audience
he's not a mother was TV Getski's man peddling snake oil to the masses when
the endorsement came to lay February down here with other Catholic leaders demanded
that McCain repudiate him that he and see also waited highlighting Higgies
remarks over the years some commentators even like in Higgies effect on
McCain to the controversy but it will put a Jeremiah right no kidding
McCain initially embraced Higgies endorsement eager to reach out to
religious voters by securing the support of a prominent Christians conservative
videos soon forced to put some distance with Higgie any comments he made about
the Catholic Church I strongly condemn of course he said during an April
appearance of ABC's this week McCain campaigning in North Bend Washington
McCain on Tuesday said Higgies apology was very helpful even though he didn't
mean to damn order and of course but he knows that he did as McCain because
they're all a bunch of horrors talk about great horse just like us in the
broadcasting business for a bunch of horse although we're not as big of a
horses they are on Fox for example around CNN that's why that thing that I
played by old women is so remarkable I mean it's remarkable the fact they was
able to sit on the year anywhere how long was it like 10 minutes yeah you want
to play it again sure why not what are you talking about I'm talking about 62
certificates are we down to 62 yep that's not so great and maybe as time goes
by like like that one we sold out let me take a look at that website I better do
it during the break I don't want to leave that here because there is never you
never you know fills the gap yes I will know you don't put some music on it
so we can leave what am I looking for I forgot I don't know by the way John says
hi John who John the big fan of yours wants something hard I think take it
to our right I've done got a hot girlfriend he says how to go and he how old is
John old guy or no young guy 23 23 23 23 yeah video
got a lot of human yeah you wouldn't oh yeah go for that though oh like I said
all right that's how that crappy music
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
I have a story at California Supreme Court has just struck down the state's
ban on same-sex marriage yeah I'm just thought I would pass it along okay what
together with the stock so heavily yeah yeah 62 certificates up by the way for
um and place
fishy something like I said how's the child great and garden and gone once it's
gone that's right what do you what do you eat Chris shrimp tempura I believe it's called
mmm I love that but now with them like whatever you said so I thought soy sauce soy sauce oh so
salty man yeah that's the idea soy salty that of this story that you just
facts me this is extraordinarily disturbing from the scum Sentinel Palm Beach Gardens man accused
of sexually assaulting two dogs I noticed there's no name in here of the alleged comfort
two black and tan German shepherds have been put in the care of animal welfare workers as a
thirties investigative Palm Beach Gardens man accused of sexually assaulting the dogs
Palm Beach County Animal Care and Control officials yesterday asked the judge to give the
county permanent custody of the pets county attorney Shannon Foxon and court papers that the man
who lives in an apartment with his mother had repeatedly performed sexual acts with the dogs he
lives in an apartment with his mother I wonder how old this guy is like about 45 probably
nor arrested it made by Wednesday evening but an ongoing investigation done away according to
a Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office spokeswoman an animal custody here will take place May 29
either the man or his mother could be reached for comments despite calls to the residence so they
obviously know his name but for some reason they're withholding it official study investigation
which began more than a week ago prompted a new cause for allowing me to felony for people to have
sex with animals Florida is one of about 20 states with no specific law prohibiting such acts
outlawing bst allied legislators say would make it easier for law enforcement officials and prosecutors
to clamp down on sex abuse of animals since 2001 there have been at least a dozen documented cases
in Florida I'm surprised it's only a dozen so many yehoo you know I just can envision him in
some trailer park with mom this spring state senator nann rift's democrat of western foul
legislation aimed at preventing anyone from knowingly committing bst allied knowingly causing
or waiting another person to have sex with an animal or knowingly permitting sex with an animal
rich foul legislation in part because he's been seen academic evidence that there's a direct
correlation between animal views and child abuse the legislation passed one legislative committee
rich said the struggle for passage at legislators centers on the taboo subject and the graphic
nature of the acts I think people are just uncomfortable with the subject matter she said Wednesday
it's just unfortunate there are not more ways to prosecute these atrocious acts because there's
so much evidence that they're an indicator of other sexual deviant crimes same sex marriage story
it's only speculation right now but there is a theory going around about the surge in oil prices
we'll try to clear it up for you yeah oh that's after they do a break note now we don't want to see
your damn commercial I thought it was gonna give us the details on that same sex marriage we're
gonna have it before the nvr anybody care no so what about Keith Oberman do we want to replay that
one time or not ooh what is that I liked it but you know that's just I'm not worried or find it on
here really they're resource team I'll find it independence or not but it's time for me to get some
style at god's dot so a little swishy to me I don't know so much started
for savings please stay still think it's not a good idea come on Keith there's promised a special
comment oh there it is right there you think after the break sounds great Keith Oberman had a great
rant on msnbc and his count count down show last night he's on eight to nine and ten to eleven
and one or two in the morning they replayed they replayed they played three times because of the
fact that he's got the only show on television where anybody actually says something that number one
is true and number two requires balls and number three isn't a bunch of right wing but sucking
in the present and the neo nazis are running the country in the world thank you again mr
present for that look at you know something that would be great if we could find that kid that
called in that time after the racquetek so obviously now it's like over five years ago if we could
find him track him down who we have and we could do a crucifixion of him right there at Gulf
stream on Saturday wouldn't be great we get a million people would see that we can keep playing
light my fire in the background thank you for the low gas prices mr. president just another
pus baby just another quizzling could probably don't even have no weeness
50 so there's somebody who wants some prices of power came by to see us
right big fan of yours also yours are out but it was ugly yeah it was a normal looking guy
I'm just kidding well why would you say he's ugly you know I didn't well why would I say it
I don't know to be a bastard yeah I want to keep up my reputation 54 votes on this new
poll by your first sexual experience they could it could have been better you know what I mean
mm-hmm if I'd have been a lot smarter and a little bit more adventurous there could have been a lot
better but
no more I'd be 40 to 5.
4th leader god finally tonight is promised a special comment on two topics a lot of us had
foolishly thought and not had naively hoped we would not again have to address and a third topic
nobody thought a president whatever seriously mentioned in public unless perhaps he'd just
been hit in the head with something and was not in full possession of his faculties how he expressed
his empathy to the families of the dead in Iraq by giving up golf the president has resorted
anew to the sleiziest fear-mongering and mass manipulation of an administration of a public life
dedicated to realizing the lowest of our expectations and he has now applied these poisons to the 2008
presidential election on behalf of the party at whose center he and mr. McCain will work mr.
Bush has predicted that the election of a democratic president could quote eventually lead to
another attack on the united states this ludicrous infuriating whole year than now and most
importantly bone headedly wrong statement came yesterday during an interview with politico.com
and online users of yaku the question was phrased as follows if we were to pull out of a rack next
year what's the worst that could happen what's the doomsday scenario and the president replied
doomsday scenario of course is that extremist throughout the middle east would be emboldened which
would eventually lead to another attack on the united states the biggest issue we face is it's
bigger than a rack it's this ideological struggle against cold-blooded killers who will kill people
to achieve their political objectives mr. Bush at long last has it not done on you that the
american you have now created includes cold-blooded killers who will kill people to achieve their
political objectives they are those in or formerly in your employ who may yet be charged someday
with war crimes through your haze of self-congratulation and self-pity do you still have no earthly clue
that this nation has laid waste to a rack to achieve your political objectives this ideological
struggle you speak of mr. Bush is taking place within this country it is a struggle between
americans who cherish freedom hours and everybody else's and americans like you sir to whom freedom
is just a brand name just like patriot act is a brand name or protect america is a brand name
but wait there's more you also said iraq is the place where al-Qaeda and other extremists have
made their sand and they will be defeated they made no stand in iraq sir you allow them to assemble
there as certainly as if that were the plan the borders were left wide open by your governments
farcical post invasion strategy up
did you drop out
invasion strategy of letting the societal infrastructure of iraq dissolve to be replaced by an
american vice royalty enforced by merciless mercenaries who shoot unarmed iraqis and then
evade prosecution in any country by hiding behind your skirts sir terrorism inside iraq
is your creation mr. Bush it was a yahoo user who brought up the second topic upon who's
introduction mr. Bush should have passed or punted or gotten up and left the room claiming
he heard dick cheney calling it do you feel asked an ordinary american that you were misled
on iraq i feel like i felt like there were weapons of mass destruction you know misled is a
strong word it almost notes on kind of intentional i don't think so i think there was not only our
intelligence community but intelligence committees all across the world shared the same assessment
and so i was disappointed to see how flawed our intelligence was flawed you mr. Bush and
you're tragically know it all minions throughout every piece of intelligence that suggested there
were no such weapons you mr. Bush throughout every person who suggested that the sober
contradictory reality based intelligence needed to be listened to and damned fast you mr. Bush
are responsible for how intelligence communities all around the world shared the same assessment
you and the sick of that you dredged up and put behind the most important steering wheel in the world
propagated palpable nonsense and shoved it down the throat of every intelligence community
across the world and punished everybody who didn't agree it was really chicken salad and you mr.
Bush through under the bus all of the subsequent critics who bravely stepped forward later to point
out just how much of a self-fulfilling prophecy you had embraced and adopted is this country's policy
in lieu of say common sense the fiasco a pre-war intelligence sir is your fiasco you should build a
great statue of yourself turning a deaf ear to the warnings of the realists while you are shown
embracing the three card Monte dealers like Richard
cany that would be a far more fitting tribute to your legacy mr. Bush then this presidential
library you are constructing as a giant fable about your presidency and edifice you might as
well claim was built from Iraqi weapons of mass destruction because there will be just as many of
those inside your presidential library as there were inside Sodom who sayings Iraq
a course if there is one overriding theme to this president's administration it is the utter
always failing inability to know when to quit when it is behind and so mr. Bush answered yet
another question about this layered nuanced wheels within wheels garbage heap that constituted
his excuse for war and so you feel that you didn't have all the information you should have
or the right spin on that information no no replied the president i was told by people
that they had weapons of mass destruction people what people the insane informant curve ball
the Iraqi snake oil salesman Akhna Chalabi the american snake oil salesman Dick Cheney
i was told by people that they had weapons of mass destruction as were members of congress
who voted for the resolution to get rid of Sodom who sayings and of course the political heat gets
and they start to run and try to hide from their votes mr. Bush you destroyed the evidence that
contradicted the resolution you jammed it down the congresses throat the way you jammed it down the
nation's throat when required by law to verify that your evidence was accurate you simply
resubmitted it with phrases amounting to see i done proved it virtually written in the margins
in crayon you defied patriotic american to say the emperor has no clothes only this time with
the stakes as you and the mental dwarves in your employed put it being a mushroom cloud over in
american city and as a final crash of self-indulgent nonsense when the incontrovertable truth of your
panoramic and murderous deceit has even begun to cost your political party seemingly perpetual
congressional seats in places like north carolina and last night Mississippi you can actually say
with a straight face sir that the members of congress the political heat gets on and they start
to run and try to hide from their votes while you greet the political heat and try to run and hide
from your presidency and your legacy four thousand of the americans you were supposed to protect
are dead in a rack with your only feeble pathetic answer being i was told by people that they had
weapons of mass destruction okay mr. Bush's final blow to our nation's solar plexus his last
reopening of our common wounds his last remark that makes the rest of us question not merely his
leadership or his judgment but his very suitability to remain in office mr. president he was asked
you haven't been golfing in recent years is that related to iraq yes began perhaps the most
startling reply of this nightmare is bright on our lives as americans on our history it really is
i don't want some mom whose son may have recently died to see the commander in chief playing golf
i feel i owe it to the families to be as to be in solidarity as best as i can with them and i think
playing golf during a war just sends the wrong signal golf sir golf sends the wrong signal to the
grieving families of our men and women butchered in a rack do you think these families mr. Bush
their lives blighted forever care about you playing golf do you think so they care about you you
mr. Bush you who let their sons and daughters be killed sir to show your solidarity with them you
gave up golf sir to show your solidarity with them you didn't give up your pursuit of this
insurance scam propitiering morally and financially bankrupting war sir to show your solidarity
with them you didn't even give up talking about iraq a subject about which you have incisively proved
without pause or backwards glance that you may literally be the least informed person in the world
sir to show your solidarity with them you didn't give up your presidency in your
own words solidarity as best as i can is to stop a game that is the best you can four thousand
americans give up their lives and your sacrifice was to give up golf golf not golf golf
and still it gets worse because it proves that the president's unendurable sacrifice is
unbearable pain the suspension of getting to hit a stick and a ball together was not even his own
damned idea mr. president was there a particular moment or incident that brought you to that
decision or how did you come to that i remember when de maille was killed who was a few and got
killed and back that as a result of these murderers taking this good man's life and i was playing
golf i think i was in central taxes and they pulled me off the golf course and i said it's just not
anymore to do your one tone deaf arrogant pathetic embarrassing gesture and you didn't even think
of it yourself the great bushy and sacrifice an army five it loses the leg the marine loses half
his skull four thousand of her brothers and sisters lose their lives you lose golf and they have
to pull you off the golf course to get you to do just that if it's even true apart from your
medical files which doodly record your torn calf muscle in the knee pain which forced you to give
up running at the same time coincidence no doubt the bombing and bagged that which killed
Sergio Vera de maille of the UN and interrupted your round of golf was on august 19th 2000
in 2003 and yet there's an associated press account of you and photographs playing golf
as late as Columbus day of that year October 13th nearly two months later mr. Bush i hate to break
it to you six and a half years after you yoke this nation and your place in history to the wrong
war in the wrong place against the wrong people but the war in Iraq is not about you it is not mr.
Bush about your grief when american after american comes home in a box it is not mr. Bush about
what your adult brain has produced in the way of paranoid delusions of risks that do not exist
ready to be activated if some democrat and not your twin mr. McCain succeeds you the war in
Iraq your war mr. Bush is about how you accomplish the derangement of two nations and how you help
funnel billions of taxpayer dollars to lascivious and perennially thirsty corporations like
haliburton and black water and how you sent four thousand americans to their deaths for nothing
it is not mr. Bush about your golf game and sir if you have any hopes that next January 20th
will not be celebrated as they have soul-wrenching heartfelt thanksgiving because your faithless
stewardship of this presidency will have finally come to a merciful end this last piece of advice
when somebody asks you sir about democrats who was now pulled this country back from the
abyss you have placed as that when somebody asks you sir about the cooked books and fake
threats you foisted on a sincere and frightened nation when somebody asks you sir about your
talent noble self-admigating sacrifice of your golf game so as to sue the families of the war dead
this advice mr. Bush shut the hell up good night and good luck well there he is Keith
over me one of the all-time best derainceless that ms NBC
sick
my name the best land again
your life is forty five fifty two AM
six years for the city
for the craft you could unwrap all the slime all the time tonight
CSI travels down the garden stay parkway to exit sixty two
David Caruso stars in CSI new jersey
so what do we got well her ratio looks like someone wanted to have intimate relations with
this cow hmm i guess somebody was in the mood
yeah
David Caruso wakes this case of bold by love tonight on CSI new jersey
okay we got sixty certificates like there was just double checking again case maybe
one more when or something like that didn't it didn't so what do you think of that the
Keith Overnham piece that was Keith Overnham from his cow dog show on ms NBC last night
played twice today you would think that um you know somebody would have noticed when you
spectacular he really was when you think that there was on worldwide tv on the satellite
and he didn't flood it i mean that was a long rant yeah well he i'm sure he wrote it right
and uh yeah he did a great job of reading him i think he only flubbed one word in the whole
damn like uh right not a problem of thing he's good he's damn good and i miss must be an a-hole
you know regardless that that's kind of new with anything my spits to feel bad about that that i like
nope no i'm too happy with people in this business who come in and like
trying to get everybody fired did it and stuff like that but you know sometimes there's a reason for it
right there might be more than meets the eye that's correct and the analysis case just what meets the
eye i think would be enough god hey said the kid by the way on your way back to New York yet or what
what a loser bill writes me on my space the on the building is still there however
it looks like somebody was expecting your hurricane and put up shutters never took them down
the only businesses still in the building are the hotel and the art institute all the retail
space has been vacant for years there are signs outside the building and i'm seeing that they're
leasing but the building is basically a shell i do like that the on the downtown this is a great
downtown i miss making such a big comeback oh you'd be amazed the others a big shopping center
bigger than the Eden center there downtown agree this is a great stream really have time for it
you know how i'm always sending an amp should in there all these zillions of bicycles
yeah yeah alas and rafi al writes what single silver bullet can simultaneously
we do say pollution and oil dependency rollback urban congestion and phyt obesity
it's not a pill there are complicated formative concocted by the world bank people around the
world are turning the bicycles by the millions as governments rush to create incentives for the
low tech transport alternative to gas glugging guzzling gas glugging it says glant gas
guzzling smog making traffic jam producing automobiles well we're heard of gas glugging you
ever heard such a thing no some 130 million bikes were produced worldwide in two three
out thousand seven more than double the number of cars rolling off assembly lines 52 million
bike production took off in the 70s after a brief dip has been soaring since 2001
according to the an equal economy indicators report issued this week by the earth policy institute
although more than 80 percent of all bicycles produced today are made in china oh boy rising
wealth led many Chinese to set aside their bicycles and favor of cars but in the face of rising
urban pollution and congestion Chinese authorities are insisting that bike lanes be reestablished
major major cities in Beijing bike rattles are being strongly promoted China is followed following
a growing trend in europe and developing uh country smart centers such as mexico city bogatha and
soul south terrier the latest master plan for new deli india where the punja of mar for example
calls for a fully segregated bike lanes and all made roads to reduce growth and fossil fuel consumption
Amsterdam Copenhagen and the german city of fibrary are all investing millions in infrastructure to
encourage more people to bike to work in Amsterdam more than 55 percent of those who travel five
miles or less to work already ride bikes the government plans to spend a hundred and sixty
million dollars by two thousand ten on bicycle paths parking and safety according to the earth policy
report parish now has some twenty thousand bikes available for rental bike credit card scattered
around the city at strategic sites six million people use the new rental program during the first three
months after it was launched last year and the u.s. legs far behind this emerging trend with less
than one percent of workers commuting by bicycle overall bike ridership has dropped by 32 percent
since the early nineties of course when you look at the size of the country's for example i mean
Amsterdam you can put in your hip pocket you know and then mark Copenhagen you put like in your
shirt pocket but there are places where it would come in pretty handy you know like like for
Chris he did he had gotten to work on Monday yep yep if he was riding a bike and he probably
weighed like 180 pounds right now he was riding the bike mm-hmm good thinking Chris start biking it
okay and look at all the money you'll save on gas 95 votes on this pull my first sexual
experience with another person didn't last long enough 24 i wish i could relive 22 i would much
rather forget 22 i wish i could remember eight was with somebody way older six might lend me
and java if anybody found out six wasn't as good as what i do it alone three uh-huh was with a man
of the cloth three a man with a big cloth was my only one so far one and took too long none
be nice to George that's my advice and have a great time
uh
best night
do you know
i hate being integ and
anger
Author later
it's brave
worthy time
so
you
use my story
about a young
cip on a
suit
I don't forget round and round,
Give it to every guy in town.
Hey, hey, hey, I'm a man, oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, that bro, let's go, hey, here, here
She likes to sleep around
Yeah, instead of with my bag, I'd sit down
We didn't know that it started to come
Now I'm afraid of falling off here some more
I'm just going for the guy who's annoying
Used to have my hoes where this fucking chose
And scared me for all that she ever knew
I keep away from the sin for this to end
I keep away from that girl
I don't know what to do now
Bye bye bye
The biggest name is the best talent
And your whole Miami Goatons football
And your fantastic sports radio 560 WQ AM
Ride me for a lot of days
He'll watch us good
George Riggas, I feel good
I die, I die
