New pushin' this Poke My God, oh My God, oh My God, oh My God, oh My God
Nice go Jack Barton and Alan Cohn, nice to meet you
Nice to meet you, nice to meet you, nice to meet you
Fine, you're listening to this Poke
So late people, 3DO560 WQAM
I am A For the Lotherdale
Oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no
No, George, they sick for a change
560 WQAM presents
The Neil Rogers Show
The 30th Sick Because He's Trials 677, 60 and Day and Broward
In other Counties, Call toll free
877785 Neil
Or pound 560 on your 18th
A Million F and F for Wiley's Fuffins
The moment I like you to buy Neil
His guests or his colleagues
Do not represent those of no UQAM
No, Steph and Sussex
Oh now the Neil Rogers Show
On 560 WQAM
Novemberər
Eventually
You'll make Aient
Jesus
Thank you
Thank you
Couldn't keep a beach, you do not have any rhythm
And I can't be seen now with you anymore
When you try to dance, you look just like our boy
When you shake your booty, I just want to run
Cause you just like a Caucasian
I got your foot white, oh
What's up with the way you get down?
I got your foot white, oh
You've fallen three times on the ground
I got your foot white, oh
You're boogie like you are in pain
I got your foot white, oh
You never will be on so train
I got your foot white, oh
You're going to be a fast-sexy, wavry-cue, I'm happy Monday too
Oh, I feel like I'll choke up
Like maybe I'm getting a little crotter something, I better go back to bed
Here's Chris, I thought it was just because you were getting emotional
Well, you know, a new contract and all that fun stuff
And George being out sick again?
Well, he's into the aisle but he's trying to live life in the fast lane
And he's an old man who ought to be like me in a slow lane
But he wants to live life in the fast lane
He wants to do a lot of drugs and a lot of us screwing around
And a lot of roller derby and he's always sick
When you're in the aisle about it, what?
Reliving the youth
Oh, yeah sure
And all this crap about people being bitter and all this
I'm so sick and tired of this whole election campaign
Every time Barack Obama or anybody else farts the wrong flavor
Oh gee, we know he had grits for breakfast
It's like a bunch of silly stuff
It's the silly season like he said
And then last night there, I was there on CNN
I watched some of that, even the part where swallery was on there
And all this crap about faith and about, but it'd be bitter, bitter, bitter
What a waste of an hour and a half, just a total waste
All the religion is down there
Oh, well, you know something, if you don't agree with us, you're gonna burn in hell
And we're not gonna vote for you and you're evil and all this other crap
I can't stand it
Anyway, so Barry Jackass has the story, how do you like that?
I wonder why Joe didn't call Tom Jikker, probably because they hate each other like poison
You think that could be it?
It might be, I didn't see it on the front of the...
No, the Sunsettled don't have anything
I didn't see the story on the front of the actual paper itself
Am I a hero?
Yeah
What's on the front page of the hero? It's on the front page of their website
And then why Barry Jackass? You idiot! You're fair!
God!
The stuff that he writes, I wouldn't wipe my ass with the stuff that Barry Jackass writes
Here's the article, Neil Rogers stays
First of all, what is Barry Jackass and got to do with this show?
What does he have to do with radio? I mean sports radio, okay, he's the sports nerd
What does he got to do with this show?
Well, you're on a sports stage
This isn't a sports show, which he points out in the article, okay?
Barry Jackass, that's the best they can do with the hero
Of course, that's probably the only person that Joe knows that the hero, you know
And the Sunsettled, let's see, the Jikker, it's nobody
What's upon a time back in the day when newspapers pretended they were trying to be real newspapers
There were people that wrote about radio, and I forget about television, they wrote about radio on a regular basis
But people, I should have listened to the radio back in those days, not anymore
So Barry Jackass writes, Neil Rogers stays, talks show host Neil Rogers
Who had said he would leave WQM at the end of the year rather than take a pay cut
Instead agreed over the weekend to a new five-year contract with the station
Station General Manager Joe Bell said someday, that's Fat-Azz-Jolly Joe Bell to you, Barry
Hey, Barry! You, Barry!
You idiot!
Rogers' contract was to expirin' it by the way that I mentioned that the rumors were yesterday
Jeff Rembrandt is lovely white-fair, which I hadn't seen them in years and have left them lunch
How nice of you
Well, I mean, was there any doubt the good thing is that I took him to a cheap place
If it's free, it's me, if yeah
And he looks okay, he had a triple bypass and he lost some weight and she looks fine
And her foot is still a foot
And I just thought I mentioned that
And he also had a lot of infersoning stuff to tell me about how Geldie was after his job back when Geldie
Geldie didn't want everyone to radio, he wanted the TV thing right from the get-go
And so he stuck his head way up Michael Uremark's ass
Sack them and, uh, and now Geldie's the TV guy
Squeak in the Panther games
So you're gonna like, uh, what Dave will bind it?
Yeah, I kinda like the same thing
Roger's contract was to expire in December his new deal runs through 2013
He's the only general talk host on the station otherwise dedicated to sports
General talk host, well, what does that mean? Call me general
Hey, general!
Very urinidious
Bell declined to discuss financial terms good
But Roger's expected to take a pay cut from his annual salary, you bet, I mean a big fat pay cut
That's all right, I'll squeak by, which reportedly is in the range of one and a half million dollars
Roger 65 is expected to address the matter on Monday
But what does that mean? I'm gonna address the matter, what does stand?
I'm mailing it in, very, I'm mailing it in
And you know something, for all those old parts out there
RETIRE! RETIRE!
I crap
And it old fart the first year on KAT back in 1976
You'll never make it six months in this market, Roger's used Suck
Here I am, he's dead, and I'm still on here
Through 2013 I should live so long
Haven't I told you I'm gonna die on the ear? I'll work till I croak
Oh right, why not?
Good ratings for that minute?
What does that mean?
Well just like in network, or yeah network, right? Yeah
He wasn't on the ear when they killed him
I was he? Oh well, I remember
Well he was like once a black guy got up, what was his name?
The great Ahmed Khan, one of his people got up and shot him from the audience
Well then anyway, Roger's became one of the Miami 4 Lauderdale markets
Highest rated host after joining WKAT
A.M. 1360 in 1976, he's worked at several local states and since then
Including WQM since 1997, Riceburg Jackass, a very, very in-depth
A probing release at something, thanks Barry, you were...
You were Barry!
It's something
I was in shock, I couldn't believe I went to the Hill website this morning
And right there on the front page of their web page
There was my push and this little little blurb
I'm expecting to address the matter, what is there, what can I say?
I don't know, the business isn't what it used to be and all these people are
And all the, all the fear which I got to the latest story, the 8 million paid story on the Goddess again
All this business about her and I see it on CNN in the crawl
Oh Randy Rhodes is like there are America but she's taking her shoulder
You know something?
The amount of money that she...
What you're making about the money she's making, okay?
She's not making squat.
I wish I was making what she's making
I'm just telling you right now she's not making squat
And I'm telling you I'm making squats of it
And in America she was making it whenever the hell they met payroll which wasn't very often
Because in America it is like underfunded and under underwater and they're drowning over there
And the sea of red ink, they suck
So while this business is buying
And I'm sure that the same Yenth is out there
Oh Neil should have gone as serious he needs to be
Yeah, there's another one really paying big bucks not
There's no money in his business anymore because the same half a dozen companies own every damn radio station on the dial
And it's said like people it's all about Stern
All about Howard
And next thing I don't know what they're all about
You know what they're all about?
Uh, NASCAR
Yeah well that's great
You should have done this and you should have let me say what I said to George last week
I'm gonna say it again without him being here today because he's got a big mouth
And that is I don't let other people tell me how to live my life
Including George or anybody else I don't need that
Including some of the Yenth is on at my space
And let me tell you you know how many my space friends I got?
How many on our page on the show page?
How many?
1539
Alright
And you know how many of them I hear from on a regular basis?
How many?
Maybe three or four
And the rest of them have just basically vanished
That thing I'm not gonna say it was a waste of time because I made a couple of friends on there
You know which is nice but other than that
Just a gigantic waste of time
It's like oh and not only that but it killed a show there for a couple of months last year
Beginning of the year
And all that Jacob Krap was going on when I was in a virgin having a nervous breakdown
All that stuff
It was garbage
It was bad
And I'm not so sure that this I don't want to say it
We had a good time Friday with the Gelsk team show the only thing I worry about with that is that
Basically turns out into a horse racing show for four hours
And the last thing the audience wants to hear about is horse racing
It does make George a few extra bucks
Plus the 31 bucks I made him gambling
And is that what we're here for to try to like e-count a living for George?
Of course
Even though a normal hates him like poison does my anything to do with him
And turn down flat offer to pay him like money real actual money
He said no, no thanks
He said he wouldn't touch George with your hand is what he said
Chris, it's a thing
And when Norma says that you know that he's really taking a hostile turn
So I hope George is in bed and recuperating this morning and not listening
Here's the result from the whole over the weekend
Which of these do you find the most difficult to do?
955 votes steal 240
Trust 169, forgive 143
HATE 81
Well that's not so hard especially in South Florida
BAM
Cheat 76, lie 75, simplify 60, low 57 and listen 54
What did I vote for?
I don't remember what I trust I guess
Trust
Hard to trust because you never know what people like George always says what they're saying behind your back
Is that what he always says?
Chris
What's up?
Did I lose you or what?
Oh no Zach's here because I'm telling him how to run the show
Tell Fat Zach to get the hell out of there
Well what do you mean how to run the board?
Oh for tomorrow?
Yeah for tomorrow
So because he's not feeling good when he wants to go home and he wants to get the
Boy everybody is sick
That must be his place
Everybody there is sick I'm not sick I'm 100 years old and I feel okay
I'm so glad to be here
Because you're in Toronto
Oh it's sunny it's beautiful man and this week it's going to be great it's going to be like 60ish 55 to 60 later
Starting tomorrow for the rest of the week
It made me happier to hear that you're signed up for another couple of years
And I had a phenomenal and spite of what Chris has I had a really good weekend at Woodbine
I went to Saturday morning and went 900 bucks
I went yesterday for seven minutes
I was in there for seven minutes one 1200 bucks ran out
How do you like that Chris?
Very good Mr. Antislots
I am not at I place you are impossible is what you are
Okay impossible
I don't understand why you get up early when it's not real crap
And the reason I was the only there a few minutes yesterday for even if I wouldn't want there was so jand and so crowded
You could barely move the wats up
I mean if they would have had Justin's sign standing naked and on top of a machine in there
I still wouldn't have hung around too long
Hey Justin
My jockey friend
Well he isn't my friend yet but somebody he will be does know you
Hey Mr. Steven straight
Yes Steven straight to my best friends as a matter of fact the three of us been a shower together this afternoon
1013 at 560 WQM
Week after week more and more people are taking advantage of meals half price deals on WQM.com
They are hotter than HALAVA baby
And this week is no exception starting this Thursday
You can buy a hundred dollar gift certificates for a fifty bucks to the famous 15 street fish reason for Lauderdale
Or dining is both a visual and culinary feast
The pan-rime reviews of the intercostal are unsurpassed and their food is absolutely positively sensational
Tri-apetizers like ahi tuna tartar or tempura shrimp and calamari
Feast on fabulous seafood on phrase like main lobster grilled mahi mahi Asian spiced pan-seared snapper
Grilled salmon pan-seared wa-hu filet and too many more to mention
I love that wa-hu plus they feature a great filet mignon or 14 ounce of stir for meat lovers
15 street fisheries were a 15 street meat steaks for coastal and for Lauderdale
For reservations call 954-763-2777
And thanks to me you'll be able to buy a hundred dollar certificates at HALAVA
Christchurch 50 bucks this Thursday the store opens on WQM.com at noon
Theos Half-Fry Steels available only on WQM.com
What's the biggest name?
The best talent here is real objects
4.560 QAM
The sports leader
UNDYSUKM
I'm sorry I'm on the rear
Huh?
You're very good at all around me
Everybody is good
The economy is drowning
They got us behind us growing
I like to keep you some driving
But in a fortune gold
For the world's richest country
Is the treasure loved
After time of death
The stage was set
For the new constant grab all they could get
They trickled it up
To the one percent
It does fall and that does work it
Could this be a recession?
The end of its boiling views
There's people going concrete
You won't see that on the news
It's like the 1930s
On the other rates of grass
We're just a rich of dirty
And a fortune by gas
The court refused pay first
Take it with me
The ones that I use
For the sheets on my bank
You think we got a big deal
And then in control
They got us blind
Now we got it just wrong
We really need their precious
But they don't want you to know
For the world's richest country
Is the precious loved
Yeah, just a precious bro
And I seen it 560 WQAM
Here's the opponent
By the way, the person who sent this in
One of those chronic silver Maroonie Dodge
Who doesn't do any work all day
But just keeps any aspaxes
They left off the obvious winner
And I put it on there
And there it is
The winning hands down your pants
If I could relive one hour of my life
It would be my favorite sexual experience
234 is there any doubt about that?
No
I mean, just unless you haven't had any, I guess
The length, okay, my favorite sexual experience
234, almost half, 46.8%
The last hour I spent with my father or mother, 85
Oh yeah
My exotic vacation I was on, 45
When I first met my spouse, 42, don't have one
When my first child was born, 35, don't have one
Last time I was with my best friend, 23
When I graded
The last time I was with my best friend
Oh boy, when I graduated high school or college, 16
When I told my ex worth through, 9
My wedding day, 8, or my wedding night, only 3
Well, nowadays, I mean, the wedding night is kind of anti-climactic
If I can say it that way, am I right?
Yes, I guess
I'm not married, so
Well, no, I understand that, but I may be
You've already done half of it, so
That's right, you've already done anything every position you're used to think about
And in your case, what a thought that is
Good, God
Well, one of my chronics on my space, I actually had the guy Jay
And what was it, Gainesville, I think?
So, congratulations on your new deal on my space
No, nobody's available, of course, yeah
What?
I'll write that someone says someone congratulatory on my space
On my space, one, yeah
That's okay, there's only 1535 other ones
That that whole thing is just so
And the one thing I discover about that in my space, that most of those people don't really listen anyway
You know what I mean by that?
They don't really listen
Yep
So what's it all about?
Oh, well I get to talk to Neely, he actually sent me a message back
And I'm going to save it and put it in my crap book for the rest of my life
What they try to say is
I have no life
Otherwise, they wouldn't be under in the first place
They think they got a life, but a lot of them don't
Oh, we need to get Eric to change your time here on this contract now
You know, if there's anybody that could find you, you could find the dark cloud in the middle of the biggest silver lining
No, that's a good thing, it's down to 8 months, 16 days, 13 hours, 38 minutes, and 13 seconds
Oh, I had five years to get a prairie
I'm sure Eric can handle it
He can do it, believe me, he demand
Eric is demand, although we do need, I think now, now that we're actually going to be sticking around a while
That we need to start redoing some of the stuff on that webpage, don't you think?
On our website?
Okay, 30th thing?
Sounds good to me
Maybe add some sound effects that we haven't put on there like
I have no idea
I don't know if that's on there or not
Like that
I don't think that's on there, is it?
Oh, probably that's not it
Let's get with it
So I just mentioned that, I'm sure Eric will be feverishly working with that
Well, you know, we'll come up with something, no emergency, we've got plenty of time
Tomorrow's tax day, by the way, tomorrow's April 15th, in case any of you slacker has forgotten any of your deadbeats
Now what do you do with the tax?
Of course, in your case, they take the deductions out of your check?
Yeah
Oh my God
And then I get it back in a one-file
Like a part of it back when I found a piece
Yeah, I guess
The family of former Baltimore Colt Madison Buzz Nutter
Remember Buzz Nutter?
Never, neither did I
Says the starting center on the Colt's NFL championship teams of 1958 and 59 has died of complications from heart illness
The La Prada, Maryland resident died 70, he was 77
77
For that number, sure comes up a lot of 77
WIPEC
But those of the days not WIPEC is talk radio and bad talk radio too, by the way
Nutter played football in Virginia Tech and was a 12-round draft-joice of the Washington Redskins in 1953
He failed to make the team a return to his native wife Virginia to work in the steel mills
Oh my God, what an ignominious way to finish out a career
A year later, hearing the spot on the Colt's roster, thank God
In 1961, Nutter was traded to the Pittsburgh Steelers, where he made all pro, never heard of him
In 1960, and by the way, I hate to break the news to Joe Rose, I don't care about Tiger Woods
Okay, maybe I'm the only person out you care about Tiger Woods?
Okay, do you know that wasn't a question, do you care about him?
If he's winning or in the lead, I might watch her for about 10 minutes
Oh!
Two bad Georgia isn't here today, that would be two out of three
We don't care about the Tiger, the Tiger, and we're worried if the Tiger was going to make a big comeback
I didn't watch it, I don't care about the Tiger, I don't care about the Masters, I don't care about golf
Golf isn't a sport, this supposed to be a sport station, not a golf station, what are we going to have the part cheesy show on?
Up come on
Jesus and Quights, and a half-song coverage of Quights
And Jesse Agro says congratulations
Thanks Jesse, you're a good guy, he's a good man, Jesse Agro
He's one of the few real people we have in the building, he's blushing right now
I don't mean that kind of a good man, I never saw him, what's he looked like?
I don't know, he's okay, he's pretty
He's okay, he says he's pretty, pretty ugly
In 1961, another was treated with the students, he made all pro and in 1965, he returned to Baltimore for his 12th and final season
Before distributing a beer distribution in Waldo, Maryland, that his family is still alone
Well thank God that Buzz Knutter went out with some cash in his pocket, I guess, with that beer, at least he had some beer around
Spread it around to Josh Curtis and to George George is just degenerate
And the Lord is punishing him, that's why he's sick all the time
Oh that's right, he's ill
Yeah, it is, Lord is punishing him for his evil ways
Now this poll today, actually for a Monday, for a poll I put up in the Middle East, the afternoon and the Settelong to Eric
We're not doing that bad, we won't make a thousand but maybe a, you know, 600
514 votes, you notice how Mondays are really a bitch to try to get to a thousand because Sunday people are just doing stuff, they're not on our website on Sunday
How about what?
Now maybe if we, you know, jazz up our website, so how do you like that? I go in there yesterday for like seven or eight minutes, it was jam packed
I sent out at a dime machine
Wow, I'm like one of my favorite machines, I put in 60 bucks, I got 70, I made 10 bucks
Wow what?
Oh okay, and I thought you could say you won the big money on a dime, I know
Oh, that's why I was like wow
Oh actually I won 1,300 at the Hard Rock on a 2 cent machine, with the chickens
But I was down there, remember I told you that?
Yeah, remember that?
I didn't even realize it was 2 cent or that you won all that money on
Yeah, but you're playing 3 bucks a hit, so I mean, that's all alive
Oh exactly
2 cents, but you're playing like a, you know, 125 runs and you know, 10, 30 times 5, you're playing 150
credits, so it's 3 at $3 machine, but it's a 2 cent machine, it's a line, they all are all being jailed for fraud
So anyway, I went to the $5 machine because one of them opened up there
and I put in that ticket for the 70 bucks and I got 250 bucks on the line and then a thousand on the line
And you know what I did then?
Grand
I picked a button where the ticket comes out, you know, and I took the ticket and I went to the cashier and I got the cash
And I ran out of there, I moved real fan
Hey, you want to get back?
Stop that, you're so dumb
You're $5.60, you're so dumb
You're a fan of that
Your political love life, likeless, is there no candidate who really turns you on?
Then try all new, Baroque site, they all natural formula for stronger old baddies
Hillary Clinton does nothing for me
John McCain left me a little limp
Then I checked out Baroque site and I had the most incredible O-Basem
Baroque site stimulates both men and women
I never thought I could have an O-Basem just watching a man speak
But then I experienced Baroque site, oh god
Baroque site is not a drug, it's not an ornals supplement
Baroque site simply gives hope for a more intense, more pleasurable political experience
It had three O-Basem in one rally
I felt like I was 18 again
Now every time I hear the word change, I need to change my banter
Come join the thousands of satisfied voters who are having amazing O-Basem
Thanks to Baroque site, Baroque site, it's the big ol' in a wait
10.32 at 5.60 WNW, we're bitter in the small towns
And we're pissed off and we're fired up like, that's something controversial
Well you know, the problem with the Baroque is that sometimes he doesn't know
He says things that are absolutely correct but that you just don't say
His handlers let him say stuff that he speaks too much of the truth
Why didn't he just come on here last night on CNN and say, well you know all these are Getskies
All these crazy religionists of fanatics
You're the ones that are creating all the problems in the world
But you can't, you doesn't say that because it's so
We don't want to piss off the religionists of the other Getskies
That's the problem in the world baby
Religion and those who pedal it and those who use it as a weapon
That's the problem
You want to believe a bunch of fairytales? Have a great time
Okay, just stay the hell away from me
Just stay out of my life and stay out of the government
Okay, that was the whole idea in the first place
Stay the hell out of the government with all your bubble miceies
By the way, happy pay soft, all the Jews
And that coming up this weekend Saturday night
We discovered on Shabbos, no less, wow
Well I'll be damned
Some really like it, huh?
Now you shouldn't segue from religion into a filthy thing about Marilyn Monroe
But I'm doing it anyway
It's not filthy, why is it filthy?
In the sort of tradition of peddling
Ronsky video footage of celebrities, Allah Perisildon
A long buried sex movie of Marilyn Monroe
Recently hit the market at the top collector told the post, the New York Post
And a listed copy of the steamy still FBI classified real
Fifteen minutes of sixteen millimeter film footage in which the original bomb,
Blondshel, bomb-shelperforms, oral sex on the unidentified man
Was just sold away New York businessman for one and a half million dollars
Said, K.M. Morgan, the well-known memorabilia collector, discovered the film and broke it its purchase
The footage appears to have been shot in the 1950s
When it came to light in the mid-60s
Then FBI director Gaye Abger Hoover had his agent spent two weeks
Futually trying to prove that Monroe Sex partner was either John F. Kenley or Robert Kenley
According to a declassified agency document in the interview Morgan said,
I beg to that gay-agger Hoover watched it many many times over and over again
I wonder if he was dressed up while I was watching it
The silent black and white flesh shows Monroe on her knees in front of a man whose face is just out of the shot
He never moves into the shot indicating they knew the camera was there
But Monroe never looks at the lens said, Morgan, who saw the footage?
She's on her knees
Morgan said he discovered the film while doing research for a documentary on Monroe actor talking with a former FBI agent who told him about a confidential informant who tipped Jim in at the existence of the film in the mid-60s
The feds eventually confiscated the original footage but not before the informant made a copy of it was just sold by his son, Morgan said
There are heavily redacted declassified FBI documents talking about a French-type film
They state the informant exhibited to agents the motion picture which depicted the deceased actress Marilyn Monroe committing a perverted act upon an unknown mate, a male, Morgan said
The informant was at least one lobster at the time the document stayed
Why the perpetrator act?
I don't know why that's a perverted
I don't know, everything's perverted, don't you understand?
It was okay that gay-agger Hoover was doing that on Noah's blood and dressed it up in drag
And doing all kinds of things with his-
Back to-
That was fine, but if Marilyn Monroe did it with some unidentified guy it was perverted, everything is perverse in America
Because America, they like sex but they just stop tight about it
Oh don't do it!
Think about it, well don't think about it either
Well there's John McCain
Beyond a single message
He's thinking about it, I'm so sick and tired in his craggy old senile face
If you love Bushman, if you love the first eight years you'll love the next four
I guarantee you that should he get in there if he gets in I'm leaving the country
I know, I already did
Well that's because I had a good premonition
I thought it was going to be really really bad
And thanks again Mr. President, thanks to the Bushmeister for that fabulous gas prices
And a great economy and everything all the dead people, phenomenal job
And he's still got 28% approval rating
His approval rating should be like the ratings across the street with a minus in front of it
Like Steve Lapis ratings with a minus infinity point
Like that, like nobody would listen to those stations if you paid him by the second
That's why Steve Lapis, but there's another one of enormous friends
Oh James Crystal Radio, they want to, they're all, you know something during this whole thing since one was it that they told me
Oh like December and November?
Yeah I think early December
See the whole thing was handled very poorly, I don't want to like create a problem now that Jolly Jo and I have kissed and made up
And everybody's happy, I guess he and George are like kuchi kuchi, maybe that's where George is today
Maybe he and Jolly Jo are making mad passionate love, I don't know
Because I've been a really good, I want to even talk with thing about
By the way, is that a disgusting act? I didn't say what act they were doing, maybe just a little kiss on the cheek, a little peck
You said that they were making love, you know they're making mad passionate wild steamy gay sex
Who the hell knows what they're doing? But you won't let me finish the point
And now I forgot what the point was, see? That they're such good friends
Now that wasn't the point
George just doesn't know what side his bread is buttered on it, that's George's problem
Okay, I love George, he's been with the show and with me for a long time
He's always there for me when I need him when I'm having one of my 19th-thousand breakdowns
He's always there to fill in like he did last Tuesday
Which I appreciate very much, but, but that having been said he doesn't, he suffers from delusions of gander
He refuses to accept the fact that this business is what it is
When a company like Queer Channel owns 98% of the stations out of the dial every and every market
You know things are bad, when cheap channel owns it?
Because that's what they're famous for, oh what I started to say was Norma
Now you have how much change you have in your pocket?
Whatever you've got, you have some change in coin?
I think I have like a quarter in my pocket, no?
Okay, well that quarter is more than what Norma had offered to me during the entire period of time from early December until now April 14
Other than the offer from these people, the offer to work for slave wages
No, I'm doing okay
Now let me ask you something, what person in local radio?
Not the, and even syndicated, other than Rush and Howard, other than those two people
Who's making a kind of coin I've been pulling down here for many years on this station?
Nobody
So there you go
And even with the gigantic slash and pay, I'm still doing okay
I'm still pulling out a couple of bucks, you wouldn't mind taking the check
I would love to take one of your checks
And do what, wife you're asked with it?
Feed myself and take care of a new car all at the same time
So the bottom line is I'm going to be here another almost six years
Okay, if I live that long, if my health permits, which quite frankly doesn't take the greatest of health
I put my fan ass in the chair here
And I'm not going to be, see now I'm not going to put it in Granitor and Stone
Because if I say I'm not coming back down there and do shows there
Maybe I will someday, who knows, I don't know, who knows what's going to happen?
Maybe there'll be some kind of like neurotic, psychotic experience here again today
And I'll get in the car and I'll be down there in a couple of days
Who knows, I don't think so though
Or maybe I'll hop on a plane
Everybody was so excited for you to come in
What are you talking about?
What in God's name are you talking about? Who was the everybody?
All salesmen and you know, the only salesperson I know is at Duck Peat Lenny
And I know Brian Schmutz and who's the other one?
And Todd Dreck, I don't want to see them ever again, you're one of those
And I don't know anybody else in the sales department
That's why they're going to come over and say hello to you so you can see who they are
They're not excited to me, are you a crazy person?
Or they can come to Gulfstream on November 17th of May
Assuming that that thing goes through, they can come and meet me at the appearance, whatever it's going to be
Now do you have any idea what it's going to be?
What we're going to be doing there? No, what time it's going to be?
Anything about it? Any of these things?
Of course you're the biggest name to the best talent
You don't have any more projects?
4.560 QAM
The sports leader
Randy! What?
Hello Randy!
What?
Are you laughing to me?
No
This is Iletus News
Senator Clinton has vowed to stay in the campaign all the way to the national convention
And she said she won't be bullied out of the race
I really hope that Senator Obama will quit sniper fire
Some Democrats are now calling for Hillary Clinton to leave the race
Former President Clinton as a message for those people
Chill out, we're going to win this election
Obama is a person of enormous talent
I think he oughta resign
I worked hard to try to kill him and it didn't work
And we all to do it
I didn't have to have sexual relations with Obama
Okay it's 10.45 but that was nicely spliced together wasn't it not?
Well there's more to the story about Marilyn Monroe which I'm sure you want to hear
Hey sir, what?
According to the documents former baseball star Joe Demaggio and the passing offer
The informant 25 grand for this film
It being the only one in existence but he refused the offer
Sources advised that the mole informed that we obtained this film prior to the time
Marilyn Monroe had achieved stardom
Lots of moles involved here
Morgan said he got the deceased informant's name from the former FBI
He didn't tip them off to the flick and was floored after he found the mole son in Washington DC
And the man retrieved a film canister from a safe deposit box and spooled it up
You can see instantly that it's Marilyn Monroe
She has the famous mole the mole said
It reminds me back in the days when Greg Reed was running around a building
I want to find the mole! I want to know who the mole is that keeps talking to Barry Jackass
And of course that he would have looked in the mirror he would have seen the mole
Because he was the one that kept talking to Barry Jackass
Son of a bitch
She's smiling, she's very charming, she's very radiant
But she's known for being radiant, he said she moves away and then the footage stops
Last month he broke it at Sarah Leading the Informant Sunday of a wealth in New York
Businessman who wants to keep this unseemly part of Monroe's past buried
I'm sure that was the only time she ever did anything that grew a test
Son of a bitch
He said he's just going to lock it up Morgan said he said I'm not going to make a parasol not her
I'm not going to sell out a respect
Well how much respect is she needs has been dead for a million years already
How much damn respect is hardcore Marilyn need?
What you guys are saying?
What?
That respect the dead
Why? Why not?
That's when you stop respecting when they're dead it doesn't hurt their feelings
Well I made a mortal mistake yesterday at lunch with that
Because I'm so easy you know
I let Rimmer talk me into
Because I my blackberry buzzed and I took it out and look at oh yeah you take that blackberry everywhere
Yeah I said yeah of course I can't live without it
Oh well what's your song number?
Let me program it into my phone you know and of course being the fool that I am I gave it to him
And now the things that we do
Bad mistake
They're close to show you even I'm not perfect
Oh it an old fart like me
Well I got two more people on my space congratulations Neola
Of course they didn't know anything about it
Once it starts circulating and the story gets around but I just signed for five more years on this half-astation
That thing is going to be bursting from the seams that might place in your space on your face
555 oats on your pole by the way
It's not a bad pole it's okay
Especially the part about reliving my favorite sexual experience
There are two especially that come to my mind which I can't tell you about
Long was it Las Vegas and long was in Berlin
Does that give you a little clue?
Sure not really
Well obviously I can't go into detail I would be grotesque
That would be sub-rosa
Nasty
Long was in Vegas and one was in Berlin
Each been on Berlin or baby
Wow but anyway
Oh here's the story from the Palm Beach Post
The goddess is truly come home
Doesn't mention my name in here because that's where she got that nickname the goddess from yours truly
Oh god!
Nevertheless what do they know?
The goddess is truly come home following her departure from the Liberal-era American talk radio network last week
Controversial host Randy Rhodes
I'm so con on it
It's bringing her naturally syndicated afternoon drive time show back to WJNO
1290 AM and West Palm Beach starting today
But this time she's not just being heard on WJNO
Which is owned by Media Giant Cheap Channel
She's producing a show from her former employer's studio
We have our biggest star-backed say WJNO program director Brian Mud
I wonder if he's getting to ride your mud
Dubbed the goddess by her royalist news
Guess what?
That's wrong!
That's not correct
Rhodes who worked for WJNO for a 10-year stretch starting in 1994
Gained fame for her talent like it is brand of leftist politics
In turn that prompted Air America to hire her when the network debuted in 2004
Rhodes stayed on the Air WJNO in the years that followed but through Air America
She also became a national personality seen on film boards and TV news shows alike
The bottom line says Rhodes have a return to West Palm Beach
She still she'll still be her usual loud and feisty New Yorkie self on Air
And she'll still be speaking to a national audience not necessarily a local one
But she no longer has to schlep back in fourth of New York from New York to Palm Beach County
How do you like that?
In the article it doesn't say he wrote this
Oh Charles Passy
I think he misspelled that vowel in there
Charles Passy P.S.S. why?
Uh-huh
Doesn't sound Jewish to me but nevertheless she no longer has to schlep back in fourth from New York to Palm Beach County
Where she continued to maintain a home during her Air America ten you to do what she loves
I know as Ellie Brecker didn't get the assignment at the heralds
She didn't get to call from Jolly Joe
Thank God
Thank you Jolly Joe
May have only been very jackass but at least it wasn't Ellie Brecker speaking to my blackberry and bugging hell out of me
That's what she would have been doing
Oh I want a story I'm a Yeta I want to write a story
Get lost Ellie go away don't ever ever message me again
I just grabbed my dog and came to West Palm Beach and wrote to her sudden decision to base herself here around in the area
Her show is now being syndicated by the Nova and Radio Network which is something nobody ever heard of before
An emerging competitor to Air America in the talk radio world
I wonder which one of them is making payroll this time
Well the decision wasn't all that simple
It says roads quit Air America following a high profile dispute with the network that was covered by such media outlets
Adder times in the Wall Street EURNAL
Air America suspended roads April 3rd for disparaging senators swillery Clinton at a recent comedy performance in San Francisco
I noticed Tom Jacob by the way agreed with their decision
He wrote something caustic in his column I think it was yesterday
I didn't even have the vulgar comments that he made
It was something she's not gonna say whatever the hell she wants a little Tommy
Quipping such a prissy foamy
Road said that his feet was sparked by employment discussions with Air America and that her remarks during the performance weren't the integral issue
She ended up when Air America suspended her she thought a matter contract was terminated
So she quit to clear the way for future radio opportunities
That was by on Wednesday night by Thursday and Friday roads was hammering out a deal with her news indication company
Talking to her 20 plus affiliate stations across the country about continuing to air her program most of agreed to do so
And even going on CNN's Larry King show to discuss your situation
How do you like that? Like this was like something monumental something important
That left Saturday to fly from New York to West Palm Beach and Sunday to re-equate herself with the WGN
Or staff and get a show up and running again
What usually takes months to touch days she said
The show will air in its usual Monday through Friday time slot through to 6 p.m. following
Lard As Limbaugh who might be called the conservative Yen De Roe's Yang
The two are more than radio members
Limbaugh is also based in Palm Beach County no kidding
Does he have to schlep?
I don't have to schlep I have to schlep from my bedroom into this room here
About the long way feet
That's how much schlepping I have to do how do you like that?
Don't worry about yourself Charlie Passy
567 votes on Chris's award winning poll and by far far and away
If I could relive one hour of my life it would be my favorite sexual experience
261
46% almost half
Want to do it again
We'll be sure nice and fact you know something maybe I'm going to get a phone call right now
But I doubt it
Like many women over 50 Paula Howin was eager to vote for a swelter a Clinton for president
I was impressed when she was first lady
She wasn't the country's trophy wife the 56 year old suburban Philadelphia pharmacist recalled
Today however howin's no longer a swelterie flat fan
I don't like the way swelterie's runner campaign she said
Clinton's strongest core support white women is beginning to erode in Pennsylvania
In Pennsylvania
Oh my god
The side of next Tuesday's critical that's a week from tomorrow April 22 Democratic President of the Primary
And a loss here could effectively end her White House run
A Quinnipiac University survey taken April 3 to 6 in Pennsylvania found that Clinton
Support fell by 6% is points in a week among white women
Nationally a lifetime networks poll women found that 26% so they like Clinton less now than in January
While only 15% so they liked her more I couldn't like her less
How do you like that?
Oh well
If I like her less
These are Democratic women awaited all their lives for woman president
But Hillary is not turning the month said pulling expert Clay Richards
The Clinton campaign is aware of the danger and I speak begin dispatching friends of swelterie from New York
Washington and elsewhere to keep Pennsylvania communities to have living room chats with women
They're having chats in the living room
We thought this might happen senior Clinton advisor Ann Lewis said they were
There's a key reason she said his rival Barack Obama's barrage
Notably his gentleman persistent minders to TV viewers that he's well equipped to hillie-ealing economy
I can't overcome the media barrage so we need to get back to talking to people about their personal concerns at Lewis
And emphasizing her experience her experience with what in the kitchen in the White House
Talking to the maids
Knowing where the silverware is
Knowing where the blue dress is that the bubble was hiding in the closet
What is she talking about? What experience?
Oh that's right I forgot about that sniper fire
Economic concerns are at the top of most women's list
And Obama's coming across to more and more people as qualified on the economic issues Richard said
Interviews in suburban Philadelphia and area full of swing voters who are elected in Germany outcome of the primary
Found reasons for Clinton's shaky support
A lot of white women and for that matter white men want the race to end and increasing the consider of an acceptable nominee
He's going to be the nominee, get it over with, get rid of her already and stop with the crap about bitterness and guns
And religion and guns and roses and all this other crap desperate baby she's desperate
Because one thing about the Clinton's man is one word that they don't know and you know what that is?
No, they don't get it. It's not never okay with her
So it's like pay raise for a Chris
Yeah, I don't know if you win a Q&A they know the word
That's right, how about a raise? No, no chance
Now how about George? How do you think George is going to come out now that he pissed off Norma Kent?
He's going to be dealing directly. I think he outed, you know, he's in
What he said on Friday was so unbelievable. I just I didn't know what to say
Well, you know we agreed that you weren't going to sign anything until you know me and Brian
It's all packaged deal like you're in the package but I can't negotiate your salary Mr. Hodgeot
Okay, you are in a state of delusion
A delusionary state
What would you do?
I'm going to be a 5.62 AM
The fourth leader
This is the Neil Wonser Show
You're too far
This is your 20.4.4.4.4
Any questions?
No
I was a one-day drinkin' when I left the pub
It louder it was aching this the good, I feel the tub
I wanted to order gas station but the dog on thing was closed
On the next corner and with dog me I wish holes
Public ordination on all type of pachysee
Public ordination's where I even jailed today
Public ordination, I'll dump you it again
Because in jail you have to do it in front of a hundred men
I told the judge, sorry I was for being dirty and looed
He pointed his gavel and said to me, so I think you're screwed
Public ordination makes everybody blanch
Explain your guttogled adjudice
Peek in your path
Or maybe something even more serious than that
If, you know, if Mathew's calling
Love an O2 at 5.60 WQM
There's no George today, George is out sick
There's no Josh Cortis with us today
Because Josh is busy busy guy
There's no Zach with us today because Zach is sick
It's like an infirmary right here
Wouldn't you think? I mean, would the thing in a hero today
And I'll resign for five more years
And everybody's all whipped up about that
Duff came in this morning before the show to congratulate me
And the declarants came in and peed on my leg
And I was about it
And here anybody else come in here this morning
Like from the sales day, oh hey Nio, congratulations
And by the way, who are you and what's this show all about?
And what do you do here?
Now who is the one you were telling me about
And I was Duff was telling me about a guy
And we're not the original one, but another guy named Brawry
And the sales department, did you know that creature?
I did not
So in other words, you didn't even know we had a guy by that name
And the sales department, because evidently
Braw!
I was your real love as our character, according to Muff
So I heard
Oh, you heard that?
Yep, what was his story?
I don't know, I just know that he was kind of a weird person
Really?
At WDQYM, we heard a weird person
I can't believe that
Maybe they'll hire the thing
When we first started working
When George and I first started down on the second floor in our temporary studios
They were a joke
So there's a guy came in with an old pinstripe suit
That looked like something a bit in the attic for a hundred years here in Mothballs
Mm-hmm
Bizarre, I mean, strange, young dude
And he wanted a job there, I forget to do it in what?
Promotions or something?
And the water now, see, actually hired him
Yes, he was a winner
Oh yeah
There is no water, not say bad, but it's a bad rock dead, you son of a...
So anyway, she hired him
And he was coming to work the first day to do whatever he was going to do
And he heard me talking about him and referring to him on the show as
The thing, and he turned around and went back home
Are you serious?
Yeah, the reason he wanted the job there, he was a big fan of mine
I'm embarrassed to admit that
But I have a lot of weird people
I'll tell you
Well, you know, not everybody says cool as you
I mean, weird, really strange
What stranger than I could ever be if I tried, okay?
Weird, the thing
As long as they fill out a...
Applications, if the water not see
As long as they fill out an application and we don't like them like Fatboy
The Warner, the Warner, and Square and Don't hire him, he's trouble
There's nothing but trouble, okay?
And so what do they do, they hire him on the spot?
In other words, if you say go left, they'll go right
If you say it's day, they'll say it's night
That's what happens when you're dealing with people who know everything or experts
So I just mind my own business now, you know, I don't...
Now in fact, we got the schedule for today
The jerk show this afternoon and two
Now I could say something about that, but I won't
I'll let Chris do it
He's coming out of two, very nice guy
Great show, listen to it
Mad Dog 4 to 6.50, or what, what now, look at that
Clarence, you know, Clarence came in this morning
And it's so pathetic, he can't even make out a schedule, a child could do this
4 to 6.50, we got Jim Mandage
6.50 to 7 is nothing even listed
Yeah, on one of the schedules I saw yesterday someone hand wrote Dead Air
Dead Air for 10 minutes, 6.50 to 7 because we don't have a Jesse Agro night with the first bitch
Because I guess there's no game, is there a game today?
I ignore you, we don't know
And we don't care, we don't care about the Marlins or they're stupid ass stadium
Or any of that crap, okay?
There's four teams in the entire, they're all an embarrassment
The heat, which speaks for itself
Only about 50 games out of first place, they suck
The Adolfins with their 115 season, which are not full of anybody with this Tony soprano guy
Who I leave out?
On a Marlins, which nobody cares and nobody goes to the games
And the Panthers, which nobody really cares and nobody shows up at the games
And spread to the 80 billion free tickets, Alan Cohen fries to your boy
He is a jerk, a jerk, what he's done of this organization
Yeah, the Rimman, the Rimman I had a discussion about, they asked if you're gonna fire somebody
Or if you're gonna take away their coaching duties and make him general manager
Put out a release saying, well, Jacques Martin has been allowed to spend full time duties on being general manager
And he'll select a new coach and like that, do it in a classy way instead of saying
Well, he's been relieved, he's being fired as coach
But he's still gonna be GM and maybe get to pick the next coach
Totally claseless, Alan Cohen
And that's the way you run the whole organization, you've destroyed it, you've butchered it
Just when you thought it couldn't get any worse, and of course they never make the playoffs
The air beers are the same thing, they stink the joint out most of the year
And then they make a late season run and they get within a couple of points in the playoffs
Like, and they give everybody a little bit of a scare enough that anybody cares
And then they tank it
Oh, thanks a lot for another great season, Alan, Madi Cohen
God, what a jerk
So there's your sports teams and we got 55 sports stations covering them
It makes no sense to me, I mean, what do I know? I don't know anything about the business, but what can I possibly know?
Do you understand it? Well, we got 75 sports stations covering in a town where nobody cares about where the teams are
Disgracing a joke and nobody cares anyway
The only thing they care about is the freaking dolphins and after one in 15 season and another blood bath in the front office
How much can you care anymore?
We love the dolphins, they want a game, you know, like that big deal
Big deal
Although we got the dolphins here on QAIMSIL, like I said, that's what we're waiting for, waiting until the fall
Because we can't do it on our own
And now that I'm going to be here in other five years, I think that maybe when they put these ads in the year books and the programs and stuff like that
Maybe they might mention the Neil Rogers show from 10 to 2 our highest rated show, they might want to mention that once in a while
Not maybe one of these days
God
Television talk show host Dr. Phil McGraws show posted bail for a central Florida teenager
Accused of taking part in the notorious videotape beating of a classmate described by the sheriff as animalistic
Have you seen that video? I'm sure about 400 times?
Yes
Staff members for the Dr. Phil talk show help Mercedes Nichols, one of 18-agers facing charges in the case, post bond this weekend
McGraws books woman, Teresa, how you say it?
Courgiano sent an email
Local six reported that Nichols is the teen accused of lowering the victim we were home for the beating
We've helped guests and potential guests in the past when they need financial assistance to come on the show
Assisting with clothing allowance, lost wages, accommodations, travels and necessities, courting on a road, in this case certain staff members went beyond our guidelines, in other words the bail being paid
These staff members have been spoken to in our policies reiterated, in addition we've decided not to go forward with the story as our guidelines have been compromised
Dr. Phil My Ass
Late Saturday night, Pope County Sheriff's Office spokesman Scott Wilder said only to the 18s remain jailed, the 18-agers, trailer trash, whose ages range from 14 to 18, face kidnapping and misdemeanor battery charges, three also face a felony charge of witness tampering
The accused of participating in a violent wild beating of another teenager, which was videotape that now been viewed widely on national TV and the internet's on you, etc.
A judge said bail's ranging from 30 to 37 grand for each during their first quarter appearances on Friday, the state attorney's offices all will be tried as adults, and fried, hopefully, fry him on Dr. Phil
In the 80s, she easy
McGrawdrew criticism earlier this year when he confronted trouble, pop star Brittany Spears at the UCLA Medical Center during a state facility
At one point McGrawd planted an episode of Dr. Phil's journal about Spears, but quickly abandoned the idea, you're since apologized for discussing his visit and
publicly discussing his visit public and going to see her
Well, it's chopped off at the end, okay?
Give me a little rock monos, will you please even if you don't know what that means? Give me some rock monos and happy paysocks, by the way
To you too
Oh, it's a wonderful time of the year. We have our mots and we can't eat any good food and we eat a lot of dreck and a lot of butter on the mots and butter and salt
Never have mots for eating cardboard
Yes, I have
For eating cardboard
It's crap
Oh, but let's get some pacidic candies too
Not
All this nonsense and last night they wasted almost two hours on CNN talking to swallery and a Barack Obama
They couldn't talk about important stuff, but no, it's about the clergy and religion and mixing religion, which of course it's a
Move point in the first place because they're not supposed to be mixing religion and politics or what the hell's the point of it?
So I'm talking about frying people on television, you know, I mean it's a good idea, but it's not going to happen
Religion, mixing religion and politics is a bad idea at any time, so what was the point of it?
Well, look at that, Delta Northwest merger is a go at coin to CNN, aren't you excited? Oh, so excited
Now, I hope they're inspecting their planes
597 votes on a poll. What are we shooting for today? 750? Oh, let's go for eight
800? Well, we had the hour's Monday. We can't do much on Monday because of that Sunday
The audience is just and I've got three now three people on my space who've sent their very best all right
To honor my signing five more years. Oh my god, you're going to be on to your 100 years old. That's right
I told you I'm going to croak on here. Did I tell you that a long time ago?
Haven't I been saying that for a long time? Yes, you have. Yeah, and I will. I'll work until I croak until I can't work no mole
And why not?
It's a good thing that that paycheck coming in one house. Should I pee away? I mean, I could take all my life
Savings to go to the wood mine every day.
How do you think that would work out?
Oh, you know, nothing more there is nothing more pathetic and I mean this from the bottom of my foot. There's nothing more pathetic
Than people who go to a casino or a racetrack
Hoping to win money that they need you know what I mean by that? What do you mean by that?
Hoping to win money to pay the rent to pay the car payment to pay their credit card bills
Hoping to win money that they need to have
You don't understand that? Yeah. There are a lot of people who do that. They do do
And then when they leave they do do a lot usually in their pants. I can relate to that. That'd be a good pull question
How many more times before they were right? Neal's new contract ends you think he'll poop his pants
What are you anymore times?
530, man!
598 votes if I could relive one hour by life would be my favorite sexual experience you bet 278
Hmm. The last hour I spent with my father or mother 101
And exotic vacation I was on 55 when I first met my spouse 47
When my first child was born 44
The last time I was with my best friend 29
When I graduated high school or college 20
When I told my ex we're through 11
My wedding day 9 and my wedding night only 40 and what it's cracked up to be
1113 a.k.a.m.
Neal
Yeah!
Once there was a sanitary who was caught indulging a habit
A booze on a roll not much different like a typical meow-configured
You failed
Hands off to the enemy
We all thank you
For giving right or something funny to do
You're looking for guys who make you go by
I hope so!
Larry cracked up you for tapping your shoe
You stole me's last a few days
But you refused to go away
Republicans are prolly not really gay
Hey, hey, hey
Hands off to the enemy
With cheek up high
We all invite you to live at La Paz
Donnie O'Connor
To insert a go-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
Larry taking no crap when it's happening to you
Game game game I never have been gay
Game game game I never have been gay
Hands off to the enemy
He wants to stay
But his own party wants him to go away
Goblin chased my head
asked me to stay
Hi, hi, hi, hi
Larry sites break him's back for you
Brother Vinnie is happy
Level 20 at 560 WDQ. I'm happy Monday for 14th and it's almost pace-hock baby. Wow, I'm
actually a Chris has all worked up about that. I'm so happy. And since you've already
enjoyed the wonders of mushroom, you're going to be eating mozza for several days. That's
it. Like regular bread. Maybe you could take the rumors to dinner. That would be a good
idea. Oh, do they have a dollar store for food? You could flampt to Columbus and you could
take them to dinner several times. I'm now as glad to see them. I haven't seen them
in years. And the funniest part of it is I was going down the escalator. Are we arranged
to meet in a certain restaurant? I was going down the escalator and there they were.
They were like six feet away from me. They were just wandering through the astrophopics
center. And there they were. How could that happen again in a million years? Yes,
I think. They thought to myself, but this must be on lucky day. They're fine, especially
Ferrell. She's sweet. His wife is sweet. He's what he is. He's a rumor. Rilla, hey, Rilla,
how about dinner, Rilla? So I made sure that I told him a month of fact that I was taking
a huge pay cut and of course, don't expect any more Ruth Chris any time soon. That was
the beauty of the lunch. It was like 60 bucks for the three of us. Did they like their
happy meal? 60 bucks. It wasn't bad. It was pretty good stuff. I could see the sad look
in Rimmer's face. He missed that big juicy steak. The one thing about one I would take
them to Ruth Chris, he would order everything. I'll have the salad and the soup, bunion
soup and the biggest steak you got and then of course, we'd stick around for coffee and
dessert like that. If it's free, it's for him. Do you know him? No. Do you know who he
is? Of course. From the Panthers? See, we love the Panthers. No playoffs. Again, it's
a good playoff games by the way. I'm sure that you're not watching them. Maybe it's the
Rimmer curse. Are you watching any of the playoffs? No. The NHL, the Stanley Cup playoffs,
you are not. You're watching Tiger Woods though. I actually didn't watch it. Which tells
me what kind of a guy you are. Tiger Woods, my ass. Oh, Tiger or Tiger? Everybody cares
about Tiger. No, that's only if you have no life you care about freaking Tiger watching
stupid people play golf. Jesus, Kate, Christ. It makes me angry. I'm one of those people
I believe live and let live. Do whatever you want. Don't hurt anybody, but just do what
you want. But watching golf... The seventh race was the Park Avenue division for the
three-year-old Billies in the New York Stoy and State. What's more saying, horse racing
or golf? Is it current horse racing or repeat? Current horse racing. Go under the races,
watching horse racing, maybe bet in a couple of bucks. Oh, go under the races. Yeah. How
about the thing we have with George on Friday where I want him 31 bucks? Lots of fun.
That was fun. I'm sure the audience hated it like poison, but you know what? Too bad. Too
bad. They're spending a lot of money with us and George is making a few extra bucks
and that's the way it goes. When I signed this new deal, there was nothing in the deal. It
says, well, every time you do a show, it's got to be like really assimilating and entertaining
and you've got to talk about something that everybody cares about. No. Just show up every
day and get a lot of spots on the year and fill up four hours. That's what it's all
about. Maryland and baby, in fact, you know something? The audience ought to be sending
in lots of stamps. Canadian stamps, hopefully, of course, got a send them from here.
Now, do we get any content back to the show? I make your pardon? Are we going to be getting
some of the old content back to the show? Or allow to use some words again? Are you a crazy
person or what? Or do I have to ask? I work here going. Now, you're not asking that seriously,
are you? No. Why would we get anything back that we can't tell you now because I'm going
to be here another hundred years? Well, what turns into make how long I'm going to be here?
You just don't get it. You're in denial. I was hoping. Well, ain't going to happen. I
mean, I could play like a little bit of some of these like, listen to me. This is stand
by and steam for self-a-king. Yeah, I can play that. And that's as far as I can play it.
Ain't going to be like it used to be. Okay. Those people, oh, gee, the show isn't what
it used to be. Well, life isn't what it used to be. Okay. Freedom of speech isn't what
it used to be. Radio television out what they used to be. Get used to it. Okay. I don't
like it. They don't like it too bad. That's the way it is. I got to make a living. And so
if they tie your hand, you hear the sirens there, they're coming to get you now. They heard
you asking that idiotic question. They're coming to get your fat ass. I think I've got time
to watch this thing. I'll try to. Speaking of fat ass, Patrick deep dished
virtilelly looked down at the little empty oyster shells in front of him and savored the
sweet taste of victory for crazy likes cutty. The bitter taste of defeat could be washed away
only by beer. The Acme World Oyster Eating Championship
belt leather would sell a silver dish featuring an oyster on the half shell, hung on burtaletti's
skinny hips. The 22-year old Chicago resident took this title Saturday by sloping 35 dozen
of the big bivalves in eight minutes. What the hell is a bivalve? I have no idea. Oysters.
I guess. I could probably do a couple of those more especially if they were charboils
at burtaletti who holds the endurance oyster eating record having down 53.5 dozen in 2007
before calling the quits, although they're great raw, he said.
Coddy, the defending champion tied for a third sucking down 24 dozen. Well, he ate no
Maryland Monroe. They're supposed to be an effrodyceic said,
Coddy, whose real name is Crazy Legs. But I think that's the only truth for about the
first three dozen when you get up higher than that you don't want much activity for
a while. His real name is Crazy Legs, right? Like Crazy Legs, Hirsch.
Julia Lee, 43 at Germantown, Maryland is formerly a Ninging University chemistry professor
and methodically polished off 31 and a half dozen per second place.
A dozen professional eaters who compete in major league eaters events year round
square out of the French Quarter Festival on Saturday.
Major league eating describes itself as a sports franchise that oversees all professional
competitive eating events and competitive eating televers and specials.
I'll tell you one thing, it's a lot more entertaining than golf.
I'd rather hear about the Crazy Legs than about the Tiger.
Oh, Tiger! If Tiger makes a run!
It puts on the annual Nathan Schottdog eating contest as well as other events such as the
World De Prada Spirigacy Eating Championship and the National Sweet Corn Eating Championship
and Boil Emetegia that Corn is sure special.
What's his name?
The one that he was sticking to his name.
4.656.2am.
They sports later.
What's the way?
And there would be an editor in horror.
He's that time of year again when thousands of fresh space hopeless put everything on the line
to win America's vote. This is American political idol.
Can I, on box?
I have his usual experience.
I remember landing on his sniper fire.
I made a mistake. That happens. It proves I'm human.
I have a good spec. You have a revolver respect.
I bet they bet you over.
They bet you over.
He wants to bend over backwards.
Do it. Do it. Bend over my back.
Stand over backwards. Upside down and backwards.
Do it. Do you honestly think that you have 80 charms for getting through the win?
I'm in. I'm into win.
What are you doing?
Show out. We're going to win this election.
I'm going to reach out with a hook in a moment.
Let's go.
I'm going to take a South Florida.
They really come through for you.
Here's the first comment posted on the Harold website.
It's a very jackasses calm.
Mm-hmm.
Rogers, Stale and Boring.
Posted by Whole Truthie.
How do you like that? Oh, uh.
Stale and Boring.
It says, now if we can get going back back on 6th and in the morning, the footy show is awful.
Dave LeMont and Rush are both good.
What?
Who knows what that means.
Here's one that says, Neil God, only $50 from some schmuck.
Phil Henry equals Neil Rogers.
What does that mean?
I don't know. Phil Henry equals Neil Rogers.
Agreed. Footy is just bad.
I stopped listening to W.I.D. in the morning because of him.
Somebody writes, footy you suck.
And I wasn't duffer-roaked that.
There was somebody else who hates you like poison.
And those of yours shows a joke.
Let's see.
Here's one that says, so according to Alice, I see that's not it.
It's not about that.
How about 30?
Somebody writes, how about 30?
These are the creators. Yeah, about 30 men.
Somebody writes, about 30 men.
Oh, woo!
And I still got those same tree or four on my space people.
We don't care about you anymore.
Just take the checks and leave us alone.
Okay, we don't care. You're all of your Boring and Stale.
You're Stale. You like lasty is Halibah.
That's a soft floor to be spossed for you, baby.
And then of course, throw them back a few lines like,
Stop 30 men!
And then some bunch of idiotic crap.
And then you wonder why we don't take phone calls?
You wonder why we don't take phone calls any show anymore?
You want to take a call or two? What do you say?
I have to go in the other room.
Oh, that's right. There's nobody in the other room.
Well, wait a minute. How does Spots get in play?
Well, I'm playing Spots from where I sit.
To answer, to put a call in the air, I'd have to go where George sits.
I see. I can't put calls on the air from over here.
Why not? That's just the way it's set up, apparently.
So in other words, if we wanted to take calls today,
as a way of honoring this celebratory moment,
we couldn't do it.
Or we would just have to try to find someone who wants to sit there and press a button.
Well, we don't want anyway.
See the way the Lord works, the Lord works in mysterious ways.
If the Lord wanted us to take calls, George wouldn't have been sick today.
He'd be sitting where you're asking to sit right now.
Or whatever, you know what I mean?
He'd be sitting where he's supposed to be sitting.
So in other words, in the room is empty. That is correct.
There's nobody in there in that big, huge studio.
In memoriam, to George and I being here, we have an empty.
Wow.
Well, you know, George, he knows best.
Him and Ticconek. Although I think Ticconek at least hasn't made any complaints.
Oh, geez, actually you're going to take care of us.
Are you going to...
Seriously, weren't you kind of shocked when he went into that whole rant on Friday about how I'm...
I was supposed to wait to sign the deal until I made sure that he was going to get a razor something.
Whatever that crap was all about.
I'm really not surprised by much around here anymore.
So you don't want to say it.
Because you were afraid of George.
I'm totally afraid of George. He might like, you know, stab me or something.
No, you are. You're a whoos.
I never heard such crap in my life.
Like, I'm going to determine at my age at 165, I'm going to sit here and determine what's going to happen in my career.
Based on whether or not he gets a raise at a time when everybody else is getting their pay slashed.
There's a slash and burmy, a fourth fire going on on the payroll.
And I'm going to sit there and I'm made sure that he's in the deal and that the Ticket Act, Volkabrider and the deal.
That's it. That's all I can do.
I can only take people by the hand and lead him through life for so long.
And he's the one, by the way, who's always casting his Persians at Friends of Mine for being like freeloaders.
And what's the other word he uses? Bums and like that.
Hangers on. That's it.
Everybody else is a hangar on. Everybody else is a lemming.
So did you get me the deal too?
Yeah, you're in there.
All right.
For a few cents.
But third man.
Well, then I'm making that.
Now more than that, you're in there for a little increase a week.
All right.
Then, is there looking up?
Yeah, he sometimes just late, late, late, especially must be the drugs.
Or maybe he's got some wild nympho that he's involved with.
And maybe she's just turning his brain to jello.
I don't know what the deal is.
Democrat Barack Obama last out.
Sunday at Ravel's swallery, Rodham Clinton mocking her sudden vocal support for gun rights.
And saying he understands the concerns of working class people.
She knows better.
Shame on her.
Shame on her.
He told an audience at Union Hall.
Here. Where the hell is here?
Where is here?
Don't you love that when the story just starts out cold and it doesn't say like where?
The Illinois Senator spent two days on the defensive after comments he made the disenfranchisks go fundraiser suggesting.
Working class people are bitter about their economic circumstances and clean the guns and religion as a result.
Clinton has pounded him for the remarks calling a latest and divisive.
Aren't you bitter about the fact that you're not getting paid any money, Chris?
Yes.
I'm very bitter.
I'm always bitter.
After reiterating his regret for his choice of words of Obama turned the tables on swallery,
noting that she accepted campaign contributions from drug and insurance company lobbyists
and mocking among other things her sudden field to the rights of gun owners.
She's running around talking about how this is an insult to the sportsman, how she values the second amendment.
She's talking like she's Annie Oakley Obama said in Voking the Fame Female Sharp Shooter in Morbola.
I'm more I'm immortalized in the musical Annie gets your gun.
Obama continued saying her reclip is out there like she's on the duck blind every Sunday.
She's packing a sick shooter. Come on, she owes better.
That's some politics being played by swallery he said.
Obama said the former First Lady's History in the White House in Senate approved she was not as sensitive
to the concerns of working class voters in Pennsylvania and elsewhere as she tried to suggest
Pennsylvania's primary is weak from tomorrow.
Why can't we?
I'm on pins and needles with the searchers.
I've just had to remind people that the track record Obama said this is the same person who took money from
financial folks on Wall Street and then voted for bankruptcy bills that make it harder for folks right here in Pennsylvania to get a fair shake.
Who do you think is out of touch?
This is the same person who spent a decade with her husband campaigning for NAFTA and now goes around saying she's opposed to NAFTA
Obama said, referring to the North American Free Trade Agreement that is widely and wildly unpopular in blue collar communities.
The Clinton campaign issued a quick retort to Obama's comments from us Barack Obama's campaign of relentlessly attacks Wall Street's character in integrity by using Republican talking points from the 90s,
says folks been Phil Singer.
The shame is his Senator Clinton does know better. She knows better than to condescend and talk down to voters like Senator Obama did.
Your mama.
Dressed the needs of the...
Get out of here already. Okay, stop the wine and stop the shrillness.
Take a shrill pill and go away. Go back to a chapequois and write another book and get out of our face.
So what's the discover about around the building? Are people running around like doing cartwheels in the hallway there or just nobody cares anymore?
I mean I saw that Jolly Joe sent that email out to everybody who ever had entered the building even in people on the street corner.
People who used to work for the place downstairs.
We have this airplane flying it around the stadium right now.
There you've got a banner plane.
Yep.
So banner day, a QA and baby Neil Rogers signs for another hundred years.
Retire! Retire you all, Goughton. I'm going to be here just to piss those people off.
And for the money.
I think it's in the 40-20-till-noot at 560 WQM. It's back and it's huge exotic Amimibites, the largest adult event on these coasts coming back to South Florida this weekend at the Amimibites Convention Center.
Exotic are presented by hot movies features the hottest adult star-signing autographs,
Wild Line Entertainment, Super-Sexy Seminar Series over 200 exhibitors that's this Friday, Saturday and Sunday at the Amimibites Convention Center.
The most exhibitors like Girls Gone Wild and the all-female Pillow Fight League.
Go VIP and get access to the Crazy Horse Aloon VIP Lounge and VIP autograph lines.
Come meet stars like Jesse Jane, Tera Patrick, Stormy Daniels and lots more.
Tickets are available online at exoticamimibites.com or on site at the Convention Center Box Orifice.
Exotic Amimibites, come get sexy. Sorry, no squares allowed and they mean it.
The biggest name to the best talent here is Neil Rogers.
Sporting your 560 WQM.
The sports leader.
On a Monday I am waiting on the morning.
On a Monday, on a Monday, on a Monday morning.
On a Monday, on a Monday, on a Monday, on a Monday, on a Monday.
On a Monday, on a Monday, on a Monday.
He's like, what a nice Italian knight.
On a Monday, on a Monday.
Oh, this is the one that's got the big gaff here in the middle.
the song over the bed.
Yep.
Well let's go to bed everybody.
Let's go back to bed.
Tell me when it's time to come back.
You worked at a place that is called Diss and you didn't dance for any chicks.
Now see crest likes you even more.
Performing on idle is your biggest dream.
Dirty, non-rea because not the only queen.
You say that you did it just for cash.
Show your junk and show your ass.
Will you get kicked right out the door?
Back down.
Cause you did for some gays.
You stripped yourself down.
You sat on some laps and you wiggled around.
You won't play more than those.
But ditches don't lie.
You wrapped it up whole and you did for the ride.
You did for some gays.
It's all in the news.
You say you love music but you fall for love juice.
You did for some gays.
You're fairer.
You did for some gays.
See more bosses, a new friend of my space science excited?
No, not really.
Neither.
But I approved it.
I approved them all now.
I don't care.
I don't give a crap.
Except for there was one on there.
Bob Lanciter's picture was on it.
You think blah blah blah?
It wants to be on my space page?
Yeah.
649 votes on the polls.
So many A-holes out there in so little time.
That's why I'm glad I got almost six more years to uncover all the rest of them.
I mean you know in 32 and a half years you can uncover a whole bunch but not all of them.
I want to be great when we go to Gulf Stream on the 17th day.
You going to come out there that day?
So Saturday?
Yeah.
That thing I'm going to try to make it out there.
Well wouldn't that be exciting?
I would have had like a big reunion out there.
Do I have to kiss your pinky ring?
No.
No, stay away from me.
Okay, just stay away.
Just wait.
Say I'm crystals.
I'll stay away from afar.
That's right.
I'll send you over to a good machine man.
Sounds good.
I still don't know what that whole deal is going to be all about it.
Where we're going to be or what we're going to be doing or whatever.
Maybe I'll do a slot machine seminar.
At least you can be like you know I got probably.
You know you're going to sit on a chair.
People are going to lie down and come and kiss my thing.
Yeah, I'll ring.
Like Bubba would say just kiss it.
It's all good.
Kiss it.
650 votes on the pool.
I'm not going to read the result.
I'm the what's the point.
They know what it is.
The Monday polls are like I don't know what you call them.
Bad.
That's not a bad poll though you know.
Yeah, yeah I thought you bet that.
And unfortunately I I geez I lost all those great Charlie B polls because I had a George
email that to me instead of faxing them like we used to do.
Oh now Charlie B emails them.
Staving paper.
So instead of getting the faxes which I put in a nice little pile here and I never lose them.
I had it there on my eye who would of course now it's all been deleted because it empties the trash.
You know every so many days it's all gone and once it's gone.
You got it.
It's gone.
So I lost I'm sure that there must have been a whole bunch more in there.
Is there any way for you to retrieve those or not?
It's probably in his email so he would have to do it.
Well don't forget to remind him tomorrow.
Okay assuming comes back tomorrow.
Maybe he'll be in the heavy mid contract negotiations with Joe Bell tomorrow.
All right so I'll send him a text while I'm not coming in tomorrow.
Well that's right you're not coming in tomorrow.
I forgot about that.
Well what kind of a show is this anyway?
Okay I'm going to be here another 400 years but the Georgian here and then Chris A and here
and then one day I'm not here and it's like the QA MF in way.
It's the way this nation has always been.
It's the first two just.
She knows that.
No, no, no.
No, no.
Morning, Dad writes, standing by his woman.
He says, Hillary's right, she says, Hillary's right.
The boys are holding her back and the worst part is their own boys.
Fresh from pushing the preposterous mark, pen to the rear of her leaky boat, Hillary has to deal with billmaking waves again.
He spent the week taking the fun out of dysfunction, putting the eye in id and getting flaky just when Hillary has to be flawless.
In a mystifying burst of mud in this right in time for the Sunday talk shows, Bill twice-redged up Hillary's
Rococo's story about sniper fire and Bosnia.
He defended his wife, I'm confusing your facts by confusing his facts.
A disconcerting reminder about what climbing back on a presence he built for two would be like.
A lot of the way this whole campaign has been covered has amused me, the unimmused former president said Thursday night, in Boonville, Indiana.
He's absolutely crazed, and that's just because he feels he never got the sort of incandescent press coverage that Obama gets, except maybe when he and Al Gore were on that bus, hailed his heartthrobbs of the heartland.
Bill has also crazed about the inelectable fact that he is nobama.
He can't compute that he's not the new kid on the block, says a former Flynn advisor.
It's about his mortality and immorality. He needs her to win because if she doesn't become president, he goes down as a minor president.
If she wins, it's the Adamses and the Roosevelt's and the Clintons.
But he knows it's going down the drain and that Obama's the hot new thing and that they're the establishment retreads.
The 22nd Amendment not to mention his dwindling political skills prevents Bill from doing what he really wants done.
The demolition of the Obama phenomenon instead, he's stuck propping a candidate who is not a natural.
Bill's horse was spurred to a seismic of former White House aide who was dispatched to keep him calm and play hearts and, oh, hell with him, has been out of the country recently.
His other personally, Matt McKenna left to manage Hillary's Montana campaign. The big dog was unguarded, where so many big dogs and so little time, you know.
Hillary started telling your tall tale about Bosnian. His early is January and continued until her Iraq speech on March 17th at George Washington University.
Bill mistakenly asserted that she had told the story only once at 11 p.m. when she was tired and immediately admitted her mistake.
And oh, they acted like she was practically Mattahara, you know. Just making up all this stuff. He said adding, and you would have thought you know that she'd robbed a bank all the way they carried on about this.
Given her 3 a.m. ads, that's got to be her hedge fund manager on the phone. It wasn't very flattering for Bill to man-on to suggest that her 60-year-old brain was fuzzy.
In a characteristic about herself, pity he accused the press of a double-stated about misstatements.
Straining to recover on Friday and give the illusion that President Hillary would keep him rained in, bill told the press, Hillary called me and said, you don't remember this, you weren't there. Let me handle that. I said yes, ma'am.
And don't be doing that Monica, no more. Yes, ma'am.
Just as Mark Pengott, Hillary and the trouble of the conflict of interest on the Columbia Free Trade Agreement, so that her husband.
In the trade deal, your husband received $800,000 for forced-peaking engagements essentially for the trade deal or by a group that supports the trade deal or reported to say to Hillary in Pennsylvania, you've given your money to your campaign. Is that a conflict of interest?
Hillary responded with that, and the more worthless, don't go there laugh. All of you have only been prepared for that. You know what? That laugh?
I mean, she said dismissively, how many angels dance on the head of a pin?
But the dubious deals of her husband, a seven diamond influence peddler, do provide an unsavory contrast with some of the candidate's positions.
The larger point of last week's embroidery all about Bosnia is that Hillary's stretcher offers an interesting insight into her thinking.
After the healthcare disaster, she retreated into traditional First Lady duties, teas, hospital openings, traveling around the world on goodwill missions.
The job of First Lady could be amazing for someone who took advantage of its potential, but that good fame properly and can do.
But after she got knocked back in school, President Hillary fell trapped in the East Wing, ineffectual and marginalized, which is probably why she fell knee-director actively at some heft to a travelogue in Bosnia and Ireland.
You can't go from being a self-loathing First Lady to a self-aggrandizing about being First Lady.
I shouldn't read that too good. That's okay though, because I don't have enough stance to make it in right here today, but I'm sure that the audience is going to be coming through real big just like they were on that very jackass piece on a hero there.
You ought to see all the comment all three or four of them, man. I'll have to go.
Just like the ones on my Myspace page, huh? I'll have to go.
No, you won't. Nothing there. I read them all. And then there's one that says something about, oh, good going, Neil, a good business move, and you know, what's losing a few hundred thousand a year?
You're still a pick and ask, blah, blah, blah like that.
I mean, the people who hang out and write comments on the internet, have you ever done that?
No. I mean, what kind of people do that? People who like...
Absolutely. I have no life.
Like that. And there's that sad picture again. And look at this. They got an ad hurricane crap over my face. That's bad. Get that hurricane crap off my puss.
Oh, here's one that says I don't listen to sports talk, but sometimes I turn Neil on. I'm WDK. He used to be very funny and take phone calls from idiots. It was good.
But now he's not funny. Doesn't take calls anymore. He spends all this time talking now about ice game flavors, blood sugar, and restaurants that closed 10 years ago.
He should have quit 10 years ago too. Posted by raw. Oh, I feel so bad. Don't I? No.
They're all, and you know, they're all listening right now, don't you? Uh-huh. They all want to hear their crap get on here.
So just send a bunch of crap, bunch of stupid ass, hostile comments there to Barry Jackass, throw in a hero, and I'll read them all on the air.
You suck me. I retire. You should have quit 10 years ago. You're boring. You're old. You're still. You're rotten. And you're listening. They're listening.
As the rumination continues over Brack Obama's comments about economically depressed small town voters, statements made by Bill Clinton on the same topic,
otherwise he was running for present 91, have now surfaced. The reason George Bush's tactic works so well now is that you have all these economically insecure white people who were scared to death.
Clinton was quoted by saying in the LA Times September 91. A couple of months later Joe Klein ready for the Sunday Times before the Clinton made the following remarks, you know, Bush wants to divide us over race.
I'm from the South. I understand this. This quantity, you're like going to pull the next election, is the same old scam they've been pulling on us for a decade after decade after decade.
When their economic policies fail, when the country's coming apart rather than coming together, what do they do? They find the most economically insecure white men and scared living daylights out of them.
They know they can keep us looking at each other across a racial divide. If we can look at body ration think body wants my job, my promotion and either of a field of George Bush and say, what happened everybody's job? What happened everybody's income? What have you done to our country?
And it goes on. It's the same same old cap, but if Obama says it is bad because he's a condescending and he's a, he's a, an uppity black guy. That's all. Who the hell does he think he is?
Am I right? Yep. He's an uppity black dude who thinks that all of a sudden that white people are going to accept him just because he's got a brain and he speaks well, you know, and says things that make sense.
And doesn't just expect to be elected because he used to be married to the president.
Since 165 votes on your pool, I think 800 is doable today as if. As if that makes a difference. When you think on the day of the announcement or my new signing that we released 800 votes, I will do it.
Don't ever expect too much from the South Florida audience or from South Florida in general. Don't expect too much.
We only need 1.1 if they fart. It doesn't smell too bad. Consider it's a great day.
For a minute, still noon at 560 WDQM, week after week more and more people are taking advantage of meals, have fries deals on wqm.com. And this week is no exception.
Starting Thursday, you'll be able to buy $100 certificates for just 50 bucks to the legendary 15th Street Fisheries in Fort Lauderdale, where dining is both a visual and culinary feast.
The panoramic views of the intra-coastle are unsurpassed in the food is sensational. Try appetizers like Ahi Tuna Tartar or Tempura Shrimp and Kalamari.
Feast on fabulous seafood entries like main lobster, grilled mahi mahi, Asian Spice Pan Seared Sapper, grilled salmon, panseared Wahoo Filet, and too many more to mention.
Plus they feature great Filet Manion or 14 ounce New York strip for meat lovers. 15th Street Fisheries were 15th Street Meat Seed Recostle in Fort Lauderdale for reservations called 9.5.4.
763.27.77. And don't forget thanks to me on Thursday, you'll be able to buy $100 certificates for a half price. The store opens Thursday at noon on wqam.com.
The biggest name of the best talents in your life is Neo-Rodges.
420-560-QAM.
The fourth leader.
This is pretty quick. Whenever I shape my ball, I listen to the Neo-Rodgers 12-1 hour.
This is the situation room.
In further vacation in Wolfmissor, the newest addition to the best news team on television.
The LDGL Steve.
Hi, Bella! This is the situation room. But we got hit in the wide variety of situations.
Let's go now to a situation correspondent Kimbo!
Hiya, Bo!
Hey there, little dude. We got a situation.
What's the situation?
Well, it's not a groovy situation. It's more like a...
The ass situation? Sure.
Is it a sports-related situation?
Well, that's the situation.
It's a lot to me. We're on CNN.
The best damn news team anywhere in the universe!
Well, it's a good thing we got a room for this.
A restroom?
No.
Situation room, man.
We are!
We'll be right back after this five-minute block of pharmaceutical and big oil ads.
What for it is your friend?
You're a round-leaf friend.
Rawr!
Okay, so you're out of the closet, Geldy.
Rumor outed you yesterday lunch. All the shenanigans he was pulling there.
But, you know, it's always a good idea to have that.
That's what he said.
That's what he said.
Oh, that closet.
Yeah, that, that, that, uh, yeah.
12-1 at 5.60, nobody's QAM.
Can't you smell the excitement in the year today?
Uh, something.
Maybe that's because Zach was in there earlier.
So, Zach is it going to be working for you tomorrow?
That's correct.
Now, what's going to happen if Zach is still sick tomorrow?
I'm probably too sick to work.
Then, I guess he just won't be talking very much.
Because George is allegedly coming back tomorrow.
Although, I might get another text message in the morning saying,
Oh, G. I'm still sick and I'm over negotiating with the jolly joebell.
And Norman don't want to talk to me.
And Norman don't want nothing to do with you, George.
Well, then maybe Joe Belton come in here and, uh, push buttons.
Doug Thompson writes, ten getting choked up about it.
Doug Thompson writes, The Better Truth About America.
If Hillary Clinton manages to somehow arrest the Democratic presidential nomination from Barack Obama,
it'll serve as a bitter reminder that telling the truth is all too often suicidal in politics.
Obama told the truth when he said, Small Tom America is bitter about the declining quality of life.
He told the truth when he said the small-minded claim to their guns and their religion as crutches
to prop themselves up against the pathetic realities of their failed lives.
Doug says, I'm a product of the Small Tom America,
raised in a Blue Ridge Mountain community population 435.
I gladly left that restricted fundamentalist dominated environment behind in 1965
to pursue a career that included big cities worldwide, travel, and life in the fast lane.
Yet with a big city born wife I returned 40 years later,
seeking refuge in that same small-town solitude that seems so stifling for decades earlier.
We saw some signs of change.
Barack Obama carried our small county in the Democratic primary earlier this year,
a mixed-race couple owned the town's most well-known restaurant,
and a Catholic church was under construction in this fashion of Southern Baptist fundamentalism.
But change comes hard in small-town America.
Outside one local polling place, a local musician overheard an overalls-clad farmer telling someone
that when Hillary Clinton is the only other choice, I'm forced to vote for the nigger.
Local blogger Colleen Redmond reported the following, animated woman.
If Obama's president, the black people are going to take over,
they'll land up us white people and shoot us.
Postal clerk, I think he should go home and go back to bed soon and wake up again.
The local woman's come sponsored annual arts and crafts for the local high school
and invites a revisionist self-published revisionist author,
whose books claim blacks prospered under slavery.
The same high school has a redneck.
Hall were only racist spouting white boys that allowed to hang out.
Redneck Hall.
When I left the area of the small-minded director,
the bitterness toward blacks, the bitterness remains with the aging old-timers,
but they have a new target, a growing community of Mexican immigrants, both legal and illegal.
Fundamentalist preachers ran in rail against plants to put a state-owned liquor store in a county,
but those same ministers looked the other way at the entrench racism.
And in a joining county, the Ku Klux Klan thrives in old rallies at the birthplace of Vokerti, Washington.
Yes, small-town America is bitter, small-town America is angry, small-town America is ignorant, frightened, and tolerant, and small-minded.
Barack Obama told the truth when he sent small-town America's bitter, that bitterness gave George W. Bush eight years in office,
that same bitterness could put another Clinton in a White House.
Legendary journalist, H. Lankan Mankin once said that nobody ever went broke under estimating the intelligence of the American people,
the same is too often true of politics.
Few of any politicians ever lost an election by underestimating the ignorance anger and intolerance of the American voter.
And he liked that, though Thompson meant, he's pissed off and fired up again.
Pissed up and fired off.
No one sound like it to you?
Of course, you bet. Always.
685 votes on the poll, but there's that screamer again on CNN.
Ali Feltching.
If I could relive one hour of my life, who would be my favorite sexual experience,
remember that we're going to be talking about ice cream flavors, the rest of the show.
I don't want to disappoint that guy, the raw guy.
Oh, it's a cold storm this weekend.
And?
Mmm.
That was my once every six months thing.
Yeah, right. You're so full of crap.
Now, thankfully, they're in places I don't normally go to, because that stuff, it's so good, but it's so rich.
Well, then where did you go this weekend to find it?
Took the parents out for my mother's birthday to Bonefish Grill, great food.
And then in the little shopper's that they had, they had a cold storm, like three doors down,
so we walked around for a little while, and then we came back and got some ice cream, take home.
What a pig.
Yep. Disgusting.
What was, oh, what flavor?
Founder's favorite, I think it is.
What the hell is that?
The sweet cream or whatever, with a little bit of brownie, some pecans, and then two-seer,
I guess caramel and hot chocolate or something.
Yeah, I took it home.
I had a little bit when I got home. I had a little bit of a couple hours later, because that stuff is just too sweet.
Were you a bunch of takin'?
Just too sweet.
Yeah, obviously, yeah.
After you finished the first court, it was just, no, no, no, no, no, I don't get courts.
I don't have to make your head spin a little bit.
Get like, let's start ice cream for the next four and a half years.
Let's start making an ice cream show.
Ice cream, you scream.
We all scream for ice cream. I'm a neo-roggious show on Q&A.
What do you say, huh?
All right.
Just to make raw, real happy and raw, which he's probably raw right now, because I'm talking about that stupid,
all the people are right that crap on all of those things.
All the comments.
They're the same people that you'll find in the chat rooms.
Like that.
And most of it has nothing to do with whatever the article was that they're referring to, responding to.
It has to do with them responding to the other people who are making comments.
Oh, you're such a jerk, raw.
And here you are.
Light like that, you know what I mean?
It's a tinkering contest.
And once it gets going, it's like snowballs, you know, is back and forth and back and forth.
It's just stupid crap.
From life to this, A-hole.
I have no life.
That's right.
687 on the pool.
If I could relive one hour of my life, it would be my favorite sexual experience, 318.
46.2%.
The last hour I spent with my father or mother, 118.
An exotic vacation I was on, 61.
An exotic vacation.
What is an exotic vacation?
Can you define that for me?
What does that mean?
Oh, my children.
Going to your site and like that?
Well, I guess that's exotic for you, sir.
Maybe going to Polynesia.
Amsterdam.
Amsterdam is an exotic.
Maybe erotic back in the day, but not exotic.
I guess it all depends on the other people.
But as exotic is going to Watts, when my first child was born 54, when I first met my spouse
54, the last time I was with my best friend, 32.
But I graduated high school or college, 22.
When I told my ex, we're through, 14.
My wedding day, 10.
My wedding night, only four.
Well, that doesn't just speak all that well about wedding nights.
Because nowadays, like in the last 50 years, by the time guys get to their wedding nights,
they've already been screwing their brains out for years.
How was your wedding night?
So, you're not going to be there tomorrow, did you say?
No, I won't be here tomorrow.
No.
Paul Kroedman writes, crisis of confidence, so I have time to do this before the break?
No.
I don't want to be boring and read a whole lot of newspaper articles here.
I want to take a bunch of really entertaining calls.
When's the last time we had an entertaining call?
About there years ago?
This is what cracks me up.
It's like the people will all be advised, oh, you should go to serious Neil.
You should do this.
You should do that.
And they haven't got any idea what they're talking about.
None.
They haven't got a freaking clue.
That's the same thing with the calls.
There's one comment on it.
Oh, take calls, Neil.
And of course, I don't want to.
I don't want to.
I'm not going to.
Maybe once in a great while, if we ever get this thing working again here,
who knows?
Did you make a note to tell somebody about that?
Yep.
Maybe George could talk me through it, you know, getting the router going again.
I mean, I probably can do it.
I just don't want to lose my internet.
Well, what's the point of going through a whole thing and risking losing the internet
when I don't take the calls 99% of the time anyway, right?
Mm-hmm.
I mean, when Dave Johnson calls on the 5th of May or whatever day that is on the Derby Day,
I'm sure or the day before that, you guys can punch him up there, right?
Yes, we can.
Well, there you go.
Now, who else calls that I want to talk to?
Anybody?
No.
Project!
Project!
Jamba!
Hi, Ron!
That's, uh, it's done.
It's finished.
Hey, maybe you'll get to see them, Father, when you make your appearance.
You know something?
I'm going to leave that in somebody else's hands.
And if there's any of those creeps that you're up there on that day,
I want to make sure that they're escorted as far away as humanly possible.
To the stables?
Yeah, to the stables and kick their horses ass.
Why the hell would any end?
And the fact that they didn't show up this last time goes to show you that maybe,
what's his name?
Sean?
Sean the Pulgar?
Maybe he intimidated us so much that they're, uh, scared now.
Oh, they're going to come and get us now.
They're going to put a butterfly in that, and they only should.
They only should.
Because if there's one area that your close personal friend, Jolly Joe,
really dropped the ball on and corporate as well, that was it.
When you let a handful of misfits just to take over,
when you're doing a talk station, allegedly,
and you let a handful of misfits take over the phone.
And then you come up with his name, excuse me,
well, there's nothing we can do.
We give out the numbers.
Yeah, so does everybody else who's in business give out the numbers?
That doesn't mean they're soliciting lunatics to call up every day.
Am I right about that?
Yes.
Is there any doubt?
No.
But, you know, we've got four of them.
We've got four of them.
Hold on, I see.
Yeah, four of them.
One on hold.
Loonatics, I guess, they're trying to call even though we're not taking calls.
Well, how you got them on hold?
For what?
No, I'm holding. They're just sitting there hoping, I guess.
But you could run in the other room.
I can do that except it's break time.
I don't mean right now, but when you come back,
you could run in the other room and come to the other room.
All right, I'm doing all fast.
I guess, more.
The best out of two of his new projects.
4.10.5.6.2.a.m.
I think, 4th leader.
Back to the end of the church.
Thanks for letting us the prizes to have.
I can't go forward to put no gas in my life.
You know that I'm driving the bus on a go down.
You know my decision, but I must take it down.
It makes a good thing.
Or so it seems.
You can't wait to put things.
They're rafing you in need.
Shoot, shoot, shoot, yeah.
Nobody's flinching up too fast.
Yeah, yeah, but what's on TV tonight?
People will go to heaven and everything.
You live with just a bunch of honest little shit.
You're a good thing.
You just let it be.
Shoot, shoot, yeah.
It's a good thing.
You don't see more in it.
Shoot, shoot, shoot, yeah.
It's a good thing.
Nobody seems to mind.
Shoot, shoot, shoot, yeah.
It's a good thing.
About the oil and the price.
It's a good thing.
Absolutely.
1217 at 560 WQAM.
We got the jerk show coming up at 2 o'clock with those heat stance.
I'm riding that log.
Now speaking of log, are you in the other room now?
No, but I'll go in there right now.
You ready?
Oh wait, no, we have no calls right now.
Everybody hung up.
Listen.
By the time you waddle in there,
you're right now.
I'm heading over there right now.
I'm heading over there right now.
God, you are such a...
But there's no calls.
There's no point in my exerting the energy to walk in the other room.
We might burn off like four calories, okay?
560-560.
They want calls, man.
That's what it said on that one posting there on various fine columns.
They want calls.
560-560.
And the Verizon singular wireless line.
Maybe we'll get some really good calls about ice cream, ain't ever no.
Are you ready?
Well, you got some?
QA and hello.
Yeah, there you go.
QA and hello.
QA and hello.
We'll allow you to do that later.
So I'm in there either, by the way.
We got one more.
QA and hello.
72 and.
Yeah, hey, it's Woody.
Yeah.
This is Chris?
Woody Graber.
No, yeah.
What do you want, Woody?
Hey, how you doing?
I didn't realize you picked up Neil.
Why did you call if you didn't think we were going to pick up?
No, I thought you were going to pick up.
I thought Chris was picking up.
Yeah, he's picking up, all right.
Well, I just want to congratulate you really on having the company for another five years.
Uh-huh.
But we couldn't do it without you.
Couldn't do what?
Live.
Yeah.
No, um, but not really.
I mean, you do bright up like that.
Really?
Yeah.
Very much about your life, Woody.
I'll take you that.
Listen though, um, I heard you said the aisle just ate tight slots.
Yes.
I won a $1,300 jackpot there on a 10-cent machine.
Well, congratulations.
I'm real happy for you, Woody.
Yeah, and then the slots there are kind of in a snare drum. Well, actually, the first time I went there, yeah, they were really tight.
The last couple of times I've been there, I've been winning. So just in my, I guess my luck. Well, I'm glad you found a good machine, man.
That's not a really good machine. Really. Get in here, cut.
Um, maybe. Listen to your congratulations. Nice. What do you see?
Well, there's a whole bunch of people we didn't want to talk to. Is there anything more on there? I probably not.
Yeah, there are. There are. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Also, like to say, congratulations. Me and the boys ran out.
Oh, get out of here. It's Reverend Jones. Yeah, we got a couple more to you. Want me and the boyfriend? Sure. QA and hello.
I'm going to go. Q. I. M. Forget that. Yes, sir. You think Susan Gray likes fishboos? Yeah, another one idiot. Q. I. M. Hello.
Okay. Okay, go back in the other room. Okay.
Neil, we actually took some calls. Neil, I was very entertaining. You had the Susan Gray guy. You had Reverend Jones.
And he had John Bond, and the Crow's Zach one. And he had the news for when you take a bunch of calls and Woody Graber is the best call.
What is that tell you? Oh my God. There are no colors. Don't you understand it? There are no colors.
There's no such thing anymore. It doesn't exist. And if you're going to tell me about the colors on the sports shows,
I'm going to really pee in my pants or worse. What's that guy's name? I keep forgetting it. I have a total block.
Stormcat. Yeah. Hey, Stormy. How's it going? Stormy? What do you think of the tiger? Stormy?
You know, you're going to get some hours marked at Jetspan and Richie from Borset. You're going to get Stormy not to listen to you anymore.
What makes you think Stormy listens to the show? I don't know. And you know what? Bye bye, Stormy. If that's what it tastes to get him off that phone.
What's this? You're going to have to use and call us anyway. Do you hear Stormy calling in during that you hear the sirens again?
Yes. You can really hear him. How loud and screaming. Almost all I like about here.
As soon as they heard Stormy, man, all the sirens started here. They can't handle you, Stormy. You're killing your killing poor Joe.
You're killing the radio station. All the chronic colors, man. Your killers, your butchers, your lunatics, your maniacs,
your... I have no life. Lifeless idiots. Just like the people in the chat room and people write these stupid marina comments.
All those posting things do. All of them has accomplished. It's given people a chance to take a cheap shot at anybody, including each other.
Once they get started on there and start, you'll notice. Am I am I right? Yep.
All the postings, they start bitching at each other. Oh no, you know what you're talking about. You're such a jerk and blah, blah, blah, blah.
You're talking to your faxeday and it keeps veering further and further away from whatever the article was about.
Yeah, well, obviously. The article about you? Yes. There's stuff about Alicia Keys on there. Yeah, I know that. What?
Yeah, but that's in the bottom of the... Oh, okay. I don't read the she-keys. There's another...
We need the whole thing there, mister, so you know what you're talking about. You're starting to sound like Bubba now.
Oh, I can lot of noise, but you know what you're talking about. Well, I used to like Bubba too a lot. I used to think he was just fine, you know, especially compared to what we got now.
Mm-hmm. That butcher, that lunatic, that maniac, just like the colors, man. Maybe George W. could be one of the colors.
Wouldn't surprise me if he is a pro-zac-ron.
Now, let's take a look and see how things are going on. The TSX Toronto Stock Exchange is up 44.7.
I'm sure you're real excited about that. Cash to Nova is probably going to be talking about that tomorrow.
The Dow is down 11. It's not much going on there. And as that's done, buddy, oil is $11 a barrel.
Thank you, Mr. President, outstanding you and your Saudi criminal friends. You lunatics. $111 a barrel. Roll out the barrel, baby.
$4 a gallon gas like the smell of come and can't you? I can be aroma.
Enough to put you in a coma. I just want to see the price of the value of the dollar.
Because the loony thing has been going down. That's what I'm going to need. If the loony goes down to about 30 cents, I'll be okay next year.
I'll send you like 100 bucks a week. That sounds good to me. You wouldn't take it.
But definitely take. I'll send you the money that I would send, Josh Cordis, if he had an interest in really working.
Well, you know, I was like double my salary. He came by this morning. You were there, sucked around a little bit.
97.92 cents. That's the loony. So the US dollar is a little not too bad. And 158 on the euro. Brutal. Now you can't afford to go to Amsterdam, I guess.
Oh, well 712 votes on the poll. Now maybe Johnny Joe will give you like a dollar of vote on the poll.
I'll take that like a dime. I think we should get that into a part of your contract. Yeah, make sure that George negotiated when he talks to what's that guy's name? He's a Jan Marie.
When I should school that whoever that guy is, he's him and chicken neck are dealing with the negotiating with Hans Conn read and Beatrice Lily.
Hermione Gingol and Mike Stookie. Yeah, I have George negotiated in there.
Well, when you come back on Wednesday, after your identity off tomorrow, be sure and ask.
Now, you remind me. Ask me. Did you tell George a yesterday about whatever was you supposed to tell him about?
Oh, okay. Well, when you get, look, I know what you're laughing about when you get to be old and seen now like me.
Like I'm supposed to remember that. It's a mere clock and remember to put my underwear on in the morning.
Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let
Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's sail! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's sail! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly! Let's fly
What are your questions for you?
Who set up your whole internet and the router and all of those stuff for you?
What does that mean?
Well, no, because I was telling Steph about what happens, how you can't...
You know, when you try to take the calls and you set up that way, when you went to the server,
or you're a router, you have no connection.
So he wanted me to ask you a couple of questions.
How many computers are you using?
One or two.
Two.
Okay, so the phone is on a different computer than your normal computer.
That is correct.
Absolutely.
That's why I have to be disconnected right now.
So I have my internet on the other one?
Yeah, so it's a good chance that you're probably going to end up needing a new router or an engineer
something that's coming there and try to like, you know, put in new operating software on that router or something.
Why is that?
Because it's just kind of the way it is.
I have to replace my router because it's about five years old and it's just kind of decided it's going to die now.
So how old is the router?
Let me look at it.
How old are you?
This is not old enough.
Well, I don't know how old it is.
It's been a couple years though.
I mean, you talk about talking about ice cream flavors.
Do you know how entertaining this is?
Yeah, well, you know, we're trying to get it solved as quickly as we can.
I don't have any idea how old the router is.
Okay, the modem is fairly new.
But the router is with the one they stuck in here.
So it's at least six and a half years old.
I guess you probably need to need these new software update or just the Holy Router.
And I guess I'll see if you can try and contact the engineer that comes out.
Contact the engineer here who's a great engineer who knows his crap, who knows exactly what to do.
And then let's not talk about it on the air at no more.
Oh, that sounds good.
So what kind of ice cream must it again?
Oh, favorite.
God almighty.
Talk about putting people into a coma.
And that's the kind of stuff we do like between 830 and 10, you know?
That's why I sit here 830 in the morning every day.
I'm just mentioning that in passing, okay?
And since I'm going to be here another hundred years, maybe it would be a good idea for the local engineer to come in one more time.
And like get everything working spiffy and ice.
Because it doesn't really require a lot of maintenance.
And you want to know why?
Because there's nobody here didlin' with the equipment.
That's why.
There's nobody here didlin' with it.
I wish there was somebody here didlin' with it, but there's not.
God.
And in prison killer who was 12 years old, my committed double murder and then was given a 30-year sentence.
That's third man.
Was denied a hearing by the Supreme Court today.
Chris DeVar Pippin's defenders argued the sentence was excessive for somebody that age and claimed heavy doses of antidepressants he was taking at the time said his mind spitting out of control.
Just like poor little George there, his mind is spitting out of control.
And he sure pissed off Norma can't, I'll say that.
I mean when Norma turns down money, then you know that somebody has really ticked him off, rubbed him the wrong way.
And Norma says he'll mind being rubbed the right way, but not the wrong way.
You got it?
Got it.
Now 18 pimples was convicted three years ago, killing his grandparents with a shotgun as they slept, then sitting in the house on fire.
The county prosecutor in South Carolina argued it was as malicious and murderous you're ever going to find.
The justice is without comment, refused to intervene.
An issue was whether the state properly used its discretion to track him and as an adult, whether the sentence was excessive and whether mitigating factors should apply.
Outside of death penalty context, the high court has offered little recent guidance on how to treat underage defendants.
Pittman's lawyers argue that no other inmate in the U.S. is serving so-called a sentence for crime committed at such an early age he was 12 years old.
You think a 12 year old kid doesn't know when he goes and gets a shotgun and he blows grandma and grandpa away and then sits the house on fire.
You think he doesn't know what he's doing?
Of course.
Pittman now six foot two inches tall works grounds made inside an adult correctional facility outside Columbia South Carolina.
He received a GED high school equivalent in 2006, well good for him.
With a high court's analysis of PEOPIMIN as fuel legal action status sentence reduced under its current sentence he be released from prison in his mid-40s.
He has a separate civil lawsuit against the state alleging his court appointed trial lawyers were ineffective.
At the time of the crime the boy bounced around homeless for years experience a half a dozen families split into horses after his mother had twice abandoned him as a child she hasn't been in Pittman's life for years.
Sounds like trailer trash to me.
I think if you really want to I think any of these presidential candidates they want to get my vote go through all the trailers man and all the trailer camps and all the trailer parks in America and clean them up when induct just clean them up.
Can only make things a hell of a lot better and then you know stuff some of them Mexicans in there.
I'll pick them out.
I'll decide which ones can come in and which ones got to turn around and go back.
PEOPIMIN the boy's father raised Christopher Bimman and his sister from much of their lives but the relationship between father and son deteriorated a state psychologist later testified this was a young man who had difficulty with the adults in his life.
After training the harm himself and southern other motionless is the boy was diagnosed as clinically depressed as Laura said that was given Paxil a mild any depressing the longer recommended for use for people under 18.
On November 28th 2001, Pittman was sent home early for fighting in school and sent to bed by the grandparents the boy claimed his pop pop also beating with a belt as punishment pop pop.
That's what he should give him is a pop pop.
Christopher later admitted taking a pump action shotgun and shooting his grandparents to death in their bedroom shortly before midnight.
Prosecutors said he then said that the house on fire to cover his tracks took the family SUV the golden retriever and the cash weapons and fled.
Well, at least he took the golden retriever he's okay in my book.
That boy Chris not you but Christopher Bimman.
See, he took the food here the dog and I love him.
When he shot the dog he even leave the dog behind the like fin for himself.
He shot grandma and pop pop took the dog in the SUV he didn't have any idea what he was doing.
I think when somebody unless it's in self defense if somebody kills somebody else, fry their ass that's all.
When that's a lot of money and a lot of angst and all these arguments and all these bleeding hearts.
Somebody kills somebody else except in self defense just come on next on and move on.
Sure, why not?
If we know they're guilty we don't need to have no long trial we don't need all these damn lawyers.
Lawyers complicate everything that's what the judge says.
I wish you could have seen that email I got this morning about eight o'clock from Norma Kent.
Really? Yeah, it was a response to the email I sent him this weekend about George.
You want me to read it to you? Sure if you want.
No, I'm not interested. That was it.
He was short and sweet. Didn't kill a lot of time like all that crap about the router.
No, I'm not interested. In other words, forget about it George. He hates you.
He resents you. He dislikes you. He's nauseated by you. He doesn't want to know you.
He doesn't want to see you. He doesn't want to smell you. He doesn't want to hear about you.
He can't stand you. He hates you like poison.
Don't you get that message? Am I in Belmont? No, I understand now.
Oh, by the way, Brandon said a good choice for the pull but I don't know how you're going to put it on there.
The last hour before quitting a job you hate.
I will put on there I guess like that. You know what?
Just put on there.
What does that mean? What did you just say? What language are you speaking?
I was just put on like that but I guess we can't put on that with so I have to forget about it.
Yeah, work on it. Finger in the mouth.
The biggest name to the best out of two is your budget.
You're 256. QAM.
The sports leader.
The Rogers is my lover.
He's my story. He said but true.
Boy, about a girl called Sifle and Sue.
Had a bug and ran it around.
Gave it to every guy in town.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey So let us wrap, let us get on the ship here, I will work the quick way ahead.
She likes to sleep around, yeah, even did it with my badger house.
We didn't get a thought of to come.
Now I'm afraid it's falling off here tomorrow.
I'm a sewing mother guy who knows, used to have a hose where this fog is gross.
And scared me to hold that cheer and news.
I keep away from the sinfulness to it.
Yeah, keep away from the sinfulness.
26 and 560 W.
What is some really interesting stuff?
I mean, you know, compared to the router.
Oh, 90 and Wednesday.
90 and Wednesday, what?
The engineer that is all really cool with you will be there.
Oh, great.
Anyway, here's Joe Bell sent me this from one of our listeners.
Well, she's not really a listener.
She's the mother of a listener.
She says, forgive me for bothering you, meaning Joe.
However, I'm trying to reach near Rogers and I can't find his email address.
This is the closest that seemed to a found.
My father, Stan Culber, is an avid fan of the Neo-Rodger show.
He lives in New York by the way for many, many years.
He was in Miami.
He's turning 85 May 5th.
I was wondering if Mr. Rogers could send my father a birthday card.
I think Stan and Anne would get a huge kick out of it.
So I wrote back to Joe with this new deal we got now.
I can't afford birthday cards, especially for strangers.
Well, if they send it up to you and then you just put it back in the envelope and send it.
Hey, all right.
Happy birthday, Stan.
May 5th.
Remind me of my file here.
Remind me of May 5th.
You won't remember neither will I.
Now, here's a good one.
On this very jack-ass thing, some of these comments.
One of them was kissing my ass, which is fine.
I don't need that.
But it's nice.
But here's one.
He's out of touch with South Florida, meaning me and the show is terminal when he reads stories.
He's at his best taking phone calls, but it's too scared to take them probably because he's too thin.
He's not amazing after 30 years of taking calls all of a sudden, again, to thin skin.
Or maybe I don't want to turn the show over to the same for misfits, which we just gave you a demonstration a half an hour ago.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe that's what I don't want to turn the show into is that.
I'd rather read the phone book than put those idiots on here.
That's entertainment.
In addition, the old promotion for strong opinions on things based on one experience, refusing to give things a second chance even decades later.
Nevertheless, he's by far the most talented host on the radio.
Just turn on WIOD's foot if you want to hear bad radio.
How do you like that?
That was a shot.
And at the end, nevertheless, he's by far the most talented host on the radio.
And just turn on foot if you want to hear bad radio.
It says, how do you like that, Futsi?
Tutsi?
Futsi?
A lot of negative comments and the stories and things got nothing to do with foot.
It's all about me resigning in the deal for five more years.
And yet a lot of hostile comments about Futsi on there, even the people that hate me like poison.
They think that Futsi is even worse poison.
If I'm arsenic, he's the old lace.
Here I thought you would have been lace.
Here's one that says, Neil is still the best thing in software radio.
And let me bend over and let me kiss your ass.
Okay?
Let me stick my lips on each cheek and kissy, kissy, kissy.
Okay.
737 votes in your pool, by the way.
I think we can make 800.
All right.
Whatever we may, whatever we get, case or roster or okay.
At least we're not doing the 400th version of what's the best hamburger in town.
Futsi?
Hey, if I'm getting tens on the vote, it is important how many we get.
You get intense sense of oath.
That means if we get 800, that's 80 bucks.
Exactly.
Today, I'll take for him to do that if we, in most days, we get 1,000.
That's 100 a day.
That's like 500 a week.
I'll take that.
So I'm more money in your making.
Exactly.
Is it?
Yes.
500 a week for a guy walking on a high-price show like this?
Oh.
And when you think of that, they give me this big salary cut starting in January.
That you and George get big raises.
They could, they could like triple your pay.
That would be nice.
And when you even put a ripple, they could triple it, wouldn't put a ripple.
In the beastly ill, in the lake of beastly cash.
But all in all, they're not going to do it.
You know something?
George made his own bed.
And now let's see what his buddy, Jan Marie, can do for him.
You remember those conversations?
Oh, yeah.
You were there with both ears wide open when George and I before the show here are having our morning discussions and debates, etc.
Oh, here it just came to you on my blackberry from Jodie Aranella.
He's turning 85 May 5th.
I was wondering if Mr. Rogers could send my father a birthday card.
I think standing there, we're going to huge kick out of it.
If you can't, and when we're going to send it to Jodie in New York City,
we're am I supposed to find the address?
She can't find my email address, but she wants me to send her father a birthday card.
He's going to be 85 May 5th.
And if I want to really do it, we're going to know what I send it to.
Stan Colbert somewhere out there in USA.
How's it going Stan?
Have a happy birthday.
If it's not on there, they'll find them.
What?
Just put that on there, they'll find them.
Yeah, they'll find them somewhere.
Send us the address, okay?
Jodie, whatever your name is.
Jodie.
Jodie, Jamison.
That's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to forget about the ice cream.
We're going to start talking harness racing for the next.
See, one thing about this place that I mentioned is the other day, Friday.
They don't tell me what to talk about.
They tell us what we can't play, and what we can't say,
which is almost anything I'm using and entertaining.
But they don't say, oh gee, don't talk about whatever, you know.
Right?
Yep.
That's about doing things I can say for them.
And I think that it really speaks well that Jodie
Jodie got a whole to bury Jackass, and we got some press
in the hair all the day.
It's about time we got something.
I don't see no more Kent putting out any big press releases
and telling the whole world that, and I don't want no dollar
and cents in there, it's too embarrassing, okay?
We need to get some new promotional photos of you though.
They did what?
We need to get some new promotional photos of you.
Well, when I'm down there next month, you can take all the photos you want.
Okay.
Who's going to be doing that?
Maybe we'll get Josh to go out there.
You do what?
Maybe we get Josh to go out there to beat you know.
He's even that maven, he can get some new pictures of you.
He's the photographer now, Josh Cordis.
Josh is the photographer, the videographer, the everything.
Chief cook and bottle washer?
Well, you know, once you've hit him that salary...
The town drunk?
Yeah.
What do you got to do all these things?
I've got to do all these things.
739 on a world famous pool.
There's another one on there.
Pools, it's all he talked about is pools.
I think he likes pools.
Another discipline, it's time to be very, very amusing.
Not even a chuckle from me on that.
I think he likes pools.
Oh, speaking of that, gay couples face higher tax bills.
Speaking of...
You're fair with that.
For gay couples, the April 15 tax filing deadline can be reminder of the disparities they face.
Even in a nation that's becoming more accepting of same-sex couples.
Gay couples often pay higher taxes because they don't get the federal tax benefits that go with marriage.
And for couples in state sanction domestic partnerships...
Excuse me, civil unions are same-sex marriages.
Firing federal income taxes can involve doing three sets of paperwork instead of one.
It's a significant financial disability said Beth Assaro, who will last you ended into one in New Jersey's first legally recognized civil unions.
While the debate over government recognition of gay marriages is in a political hot button with arguments about morality, civil rights and tradition,
the tax issue is mostly a practical one for hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples.
Most states ban gay marriage and don't recognize same-sex unions in any way, only in Massachusetts can gay couples legally marry.
Since 97 and 9 other states are working in DC, started offering civil unions or domestic partnerships that give some or all illegal protection of marriage,
those protections include allowing gay couples to file state taxes jointly and potentially save the money,
but they can also make tax filing more complicated for the couples.
That's because the state protections don't help with federal taxes under the 96-defensive marriage act that government defines marriages being allowed only between a man and a woman.
You're running a household said John Traere, a partner in Butler, New Jersey, accounting for Ham and in Traere, but the federal government in a lot of state street them as two households.
The same is true for street homeraged couples who are living together.
There are two main effects of the different treatment under federal law.
One is the tax rate.
Take two couples where one part of the bill goes on with dollars and cents and I'm not going to read that. That's worse than the poll.
One couple has got 20,000 and they've got 16 deductions for who now cares about that.
God, is that ever boring?
One thing we don't want to be is boring.
In this business about the articles are boring, you should live so long.
Only if you're some...
Let me ask you this.
What's that?
What kind of person wants to hear the calls that we put on the earth, including Woody Graber by the way he had nothing to say?
Thanks Woody, but go away.
I mean, what was that?
That was a... that was a m-lange of m-lange that we put on the earth for demonstration purposes only.
Okay?
Take some calls, New Year, we love the c-
No, you don't.
Unless you're a simpleton.
Unless you're just as dumb as they are.
Unless you're as idiotic as those same half-dozen simpleton's misfits.
Miscreants, low life.
I have no life.
Like that.
And they think that they're very funny.
Oh, the boyfriend and me, Reverend John's.
That's a talk show?
That's a format for a freaking talk show that people want me to do.
They say they're in talks with those eight holes?
No chance.
Like I said, I can read the damn Chinese phone book.
I can read four million chins and make them more entertaining than listen to that crap.
And the proof in the pudding is we still have an audience, how do you like that?
You know, all these people with their comments out there, every single one of them is still listening.
That's the best part.
Oh, he's at his best way of doing this.
He's at his work.
In other words, they can quote chapter in verse every damn minute of every show, every day.
See, I've been doing this a long, long time, a sunny.
And right from the very beginning, the people who are the most hostile.
See, if you don't like something, you know what? You know, listen to it.
You don't call them in complain and say, oh gee, why did you take some calls, man?
You don't do that.
If you don't like to show the way it is now, you find something else like Futsi, you know?
And you go down his hamburger pool.
His meat pool.
God.
And Georgia, of course, gets upset because I keep talking about that.
I think it's well worth talking about because I think it's a classic example of what cheap channels none of this business.
They suck.
And that includes you too.
What's your guy's name over there?
The guy that Norma kept talking to.
I don't remember.
Well, it'll come to me.
The PD, the new program.
Okay, Charles.
Oh, we love Neil having Neil on our, they love Neil, but they don't want to pay anybody any money.
Plus the fact that they're involved in all this litigation for trying to sell their damn company.
There are a bunch of cheap bastards who just open up a pot and put swill on here.
That's their idea of great radio.
Keep your face signed.
They belong in.
You know his name is Roger.
He's 14.
He'll find sixty QAM.
And the fourth leader.
We got out.
And this guy's the real.
And when I'm up in Belkettika slapping all the women with paint and lips around the pool.
I listen to the Neil Rogers one or two.
Yeah, I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers there in balance one or two hours.
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
Welcome to my new friend.
Welcome to my new friend.
Welcome to my new friend.
It's time for the log.
Not a log.
Not a dialogue.
Not this kind of log.
Not a Lincoln log.
Not a captain's log.
Not log cabin zero.
No, it's not a log of anything worth your time listening to.
So let's go to the log.
That's not a dialogue.
Not a pecan candy log.
It's a log from the chocolate thunder from down under.
I'm a chocolate thunder from down under.
I didn't have space.
I made a little blunder.
This little little they gave me in here.
From the poor hole oven.
I'm a chocolate thunder from down under.
We ready for our ships.
We're ready for our ship.
With the ICI, remember...
ming in again hook time
is boring. Okay, not if it's really good, not if it's from, where was it? Cold Stone
Creamery. Mm-hmm. And here's when it says, Neo gets, still gets paid way too much for
what he does. Always on a businessman's holiday. Or a busman's holiday. Busman's spelled
wrong. What is that? Anyways. Always vacation, it seems, every other freak in no week. And
he needs to close a big mouth on Obama, your mama. I think the real reason he likes the
old man is what he has in his pants. Pally, it says, Pally, this must be from Fat Boy. It's
he smart enough to a lot notarite. Ever your friend? It's Pally's part of it. Or literally
a crap like this, yes. Right up his alley. It's probably who that is. Or maybe it's his
neurotic boyfriend. A lot of guys out there, a lot of crazy people with a lot of crazy
boyfriends. Guess who died? Tommy Holmes? Who? Never heard of him. Outfielder for the Boston
Braves in the Brooklyn Dodgers in the 40s and 50s died today of natural causes in Boka. He
was 91. That's plenty old enough. He died about seven o'clock this morning at an assisted
learning facility said Patricia Stone is daughter. In 11 years in the majors with the Braves
in Dodgers, he had a 302 batting average, pretty good. 88 homers 50, 531 RBIs. From 1973
to 2003, he worked for the Metz's director of amateur baseball relations. Tommy Holmes
was one of our sports. Truist gentleman said Jeff Will Pond, chief operating officer of
the Metz, his passion for the game and up and coming players along with his 30 year association
with our franchise was...
Hunter, man!
...Honser, past. Stone said a father loved baseball, watched games until the end of his life
and loved children. When he played baseball, there'd be days he'd leave early and he'd
pass children playing and he'd stop to play with them. She said, baseball that is.
He's dead 91 and survived by his wife at 67 years. How do you like that?
Can you imagine being murdered at anybody for 67 years to anything?
Nope.
Huns and religion. I believe that people don't cling to religion. They value their faith.
You know, cling to guns. You might got a prayer, honey. Let me tell you that right now.
You haven't got a prayer. 754 votes on the pool. Here's the most important story of the
day and I saved the best for last, okay, for the last hour.
Construction workers on earth buried Red Sox, Jersey. I'm sure you saw this.
Yep.
A construction workers bid to curse the New York Yankees by planting a Boston Red Sox,
Jersey and their new stadium was foiled yesterday. Thank God! When the home team removed
the offending shirt from its burial spot and they just showed it on CNN a little while
ago. This guy, this construction worker was very serious. Look like he just uncovered
the secret to mankind. King Tut, yeah, King Tut, after locating the shirt in the service
corridor behind where there'll be a restaurant in the New York East stadium, construction
workers Jack Hanford threw the concrete yesterday and pulled it out. It's got David Ortiz 34
on the back. The team said to learn that a socks rooting construction worker had buried
a shirt in the New Bronx stadium, which will open next year across the street from the
Kurt Ball Park, from reporting the New York Post on Friday. Yankees, president Randy Levine
said team officials at first considering leaving the shirt where it was. The first
out was, you know, it's never a good thing to be buried in cement when you're in New
York Levine said, but when that we decided while we were with somebody who had really
bad motives and was trying to do a really bad thing, a really, really bad thing, evil,
an evil door. On Saturday, construction workers who remember the employee, Gino Casting
Muley, phoned in tips about this shirt's location. We had an honor, I wonder if he's
Kim DeGino Somole. We had anonymous people come tell us where it was we were able to find
it said Frank Graham Arosa, boy, there are all Italians involved in this man. I wonder
Jimmy Hoppe's very, Hoppe is very near too. I remember Jimmy Hoppe heard about him. Frank
was turning a constructive general contractor on the side. It took about five hours of
drilling Saturday to locate the shirt under two feet of concrete. But that was real worth
while I'm sure that. On Sunday, Levine and Yankees CEO Long Trust watched his grandma most
informant Rich Carwattow finish the job and pulled the shirt from the rubble. Nice going boys.
They can put it on their tombstones. We yanked the David Ortiz shirt out of the stadium.
In shreds from the jackhammers, the shirt still bore the letters Red Sox on the front.
It was the David Ortiz jersey number 34. Prost at the Yankees had discussed possible criminal
charges against Castigmily with the District Attorney's Orifice. We will take a
provident action since, unfortunately, we do know the name of the individual. He said a woman who
answered the phone of Castigmily is home in a Bronx Sunday city wasn't there. He's gone and once
he's gone, a spokesman for Bronx DEA Robert Johnson said he didn't know whether any criminal
charges might apply. How can you how can you file criminal charges for somebody for bearing
a t-shirt and a bunch of concrete or whatever kind of shirt? Maybe so.
You know messing up property or something. Yeah, for messing up property, my ass.
Levine said the shirt would be cleaned up and sent to the Jimmy Fund, a charity affiliated with
Boston's Dana Farber Cancer Institute, along with that New York Wilson at Yankees Universe t-shirt,
which is sold to benefit Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. Hopefully the Jimmy Fund will
auctioned off and will take the act that was very, very bad act and turning into something beautiful,
he said. Right, something really beautiful. Like selling that Marilyn Monroe film, that clip
of her on her knees. That was something probably to some people very, very beautiful,
whether without her mole. That'd be a good full question. Who had the best mole? A poll on a mole.
John Boy, Marilyn Monroe, Neil Rogers, I got a mole on my, uh, over my eyebrow. You see that in
that one? I don't remember. So guess who's in Toronto? What? Guess who's in Toronto today?
How many guesses are you giving me a good George? No, we played in Bitbiam or about him coming back.
Elton John. No, just where I went and came back.
Like I remember what we held, but we just played your buddy Jason Jackson.
Yeah, I think you should go have lunch today. So you can probably meet, see the person, you know,
I've already got a lunch date. Yeah. Maybe you can get you some tickets and go down and watch
the heat in the wrap. No, no, no. I thought we were also going to be on one team. No.
I'm not on that team. Nothing of my new deals is there got to be part of that team.
See, don't forget your stuff. You're supposed to be doing the show from from over there.
Can it a Saturday? I guess. I don't know. Woo! I might just go down here and show it
something that way. You know that they're building not one, not two, but three gigantic condos
right in front of the air can in the center. Well, here's a response from Joe Bell.
He says, by the birthday card in 2008, the new deal doesn't start, doesn't kick into 2009.
Good news. I've done a concurrent contract with Josh, so he'll be here through your extension.
And he already gave me that joke, Joe. Clarence, remember that this morning, everybody did try that.
I'm just deleting it. Let's start writing something really hostile and screw up the whole deal.
It's already signed though too late now. Too late to turn back now, baby. Can you say anything about my contract?
What are they banging? They're always banging in this building. They're always
hawking and banging. Yeah, what about Chris' contract, baby? How about a few cent now we're
increasing? That's third, man. That would like double it, wouldn't it? Some about that.
They're always belly aching about how little money you make. You're not here for the money. I don't
usually belly ach. I let you belly aching for me. No, I do not. Or you make fun about how little I
make. So, you know, I'm like, okay, sure. I'm making fun of you, like, I'm some kind of a
savings or something like that. Like, I want to see you underpaid. I think it's criminal what they're
doing to you. Well, I agree, but thank you very much. You believe that? I don't really believe it,
but I just said it. Well, I feel like you actually think it. So you're coming out Saturday,
the whatever day that is, the 17th of May, if that thing gets done, sounds good. A girl's stream.
I want to check that place out. I want to see if they have like, well, I know they have the
real real fortune because Georgia's emailed me those pictures and that's for a shlipper. What?
Don't tell everybody that pictures. That's right. You're not supposed to do that. And then for Steve
Slone, Aaron, ourselves, the former talk about Klueless. Hey, but he did win some money that day too.
So who did Steve Slone? Yeah, because he bet the horses that I gave him. That's why he was very
happy when I saw him after the show. How much did he win? About 30 bucks, 40 bucks,
and all that. But 30, man, man. Every duty, he never, he never called, he never came in
in the morning to say, Hey, thanks, dude, you want me some money there at Gulf Stream. You fed
all Faggot and congratulations on your new deal. You fed all Faggot. Anything like that?
You fed the best talent. You fed all Roger's. 469.
You fed the 5.60. QAM.
And the sports leader.
You're Roger, huh?
That, that, that, that, that absolutely.
Who's the candidate that African-American think is great?
No, it's Hillary's. Who is the one that's not a fairy tale, and well, get things done.
Stupid! It's Hillary. Who's the one who draws big crowds and makes the brothers and sisters proud?
Shut up! This broad character is a real mother.
That was taken out of contact.
If you want hope and change vote for the one with the recognizable name.
Stop it! And it's Hillary. How many times do I have to say it?
Honest, goodness.
So frustrating.
117 at 5.60 W.A.M. 766.
Close on our award-winning pool on neo-Rodgers.com.
Very jackass right to neo-Rodgers science for another five years. I just sent a message to
Joe Bell saying that wasn't my signature on that country.
Oh, well I do that thing about clearance, you know.
Mm-hmm. They think it's very fun. They think it's very amusing that clearance is the program
director. And I think it's in a sick way. It's funny too. In a really sick way. But nevertheless,
clearance is about the naked pictures. You know that. I'll take your work.
7.066 votes if I could relive one hour of my life. It would be my favorite sexual experience.
363.47.3%. Write these numbers down. Now it's important.
The last hour I spent with my father or mother, 128. Isn't that touching?
An exotic vacation I was on, 65. When I first met my spouse, 58. When my first child was born, 57.
The last time I was with my best friend, 36, when I graduated high school or college, 23.
When I told my ex, we're through, 15. Zolva, I'm gone.
My wedding day, 14. My wedding night, 6. Or when I quit the job, I hated most one.
We finally got that on there and so we got one vote. And probably Brandon, because it was his idea.
One vote. At a blood brand, in 7.66, you need to get to 800 or you're fired.
No problem. I think if I get fired and I go with unemployment, I can make more money a week.
I'm sure that. Now why do you keep referring to the money? Is that the only reason you're here is
because of the money. Well, obviously, because you love being a part of this show and
about part of this once great radio station, it's more important that I'm enjoying this,
because I'm not getting paid much money. Right? Well, we know that and the audience,
I'm sure, is getting really tearing, you whine and belly, about what I won't bring you in.
I start to sound like a real self-fulready man. I will, I'm not to be quiet then. Like that.
You know, I'm on all those rips there at the footy man. He must really, I've never heard him do it.
In fact, I don't think I ever heard him on the uneven on Y100. I've probably heard him on Y100,
but that was like 15, 20 years ago. Yeah, who can remember that? That money. What's his name? Kenny,
in footy? The Kenny and the whole morning show. Oh my god. All right, that was one of your favorite
morning shows. That was the worst morning show in the history of radio. The worst. Now one of the worst,
the worst. Worst and footy, worse than Tootsie, worse than the Kenny and the whole morning show.
The right to life people used to protest outside the building because it was such an abortion.
That's right. Unbelievable. On unreal. The square table and gay or not gay and then
toast to the, you know, that's the funny part about some of these punks who worked on, you know,
the various FM stations like toast. And what's the other one with the same kind of a name?
Omelet? Omelet. Yeah. Toast and omelet. Well, they got those from a
94-9's morning show with what's it named? Paul Ronn-Paul. Yeah.
949-9 no more. He means data. Yeah. Back when Zeta was like a station that somebody listened to before,
before a cheap channel aborted that too, like they do everything else they touch, they destroy it.
They butcher it. It's like they've taken a gigantic butcher knife and stuck it into your radio and
taken from one end to the other and just ripped that damn thing to pieces. And by the way, Anthony,
the UPS driver, one of my chronicst there from Connecticut. On my space.
Quick being a Yanta already. I don't care about Randy. Okay, you don't need to send me any more
of those, all the spy reports, spy reports, you know, like an overgrown child.
That's the talk show groupies. You know, they're radio groupies. People like the jingles,
you know, like blind Mike, or just radio groupies in general. Then they're the talk show groupies.
Who think that I care about? Such important people is like Joyce Kaufman, like that, or Mr. Ego.
They just come make sure you're informed. I don't care. I don't want to be informed. Okay, I don't
want to hear about it. As far as Randy is concerned, there's one word that comes to mind. You know
want to be. Oh, but she's getting national publicity. Listen, the money she's making, like I said,
Chris makes more money than we've been. She makes in two years. There's no money there.
What's the name of the bill? All these people like little George who diluted themselves into believing
with that's that's where it's at. Well, I guess what it ain't. It's not.
Now, if you want to work just, you know, if you've got a big ego and you want to tell everybody
what a big hot shot you are, what a big international celebrity because your name is on CNN.
Or in the New York Times. Great. I'll take the paycheck every couple of weeks. Man, I don't need
to have my name. Yeah, I had my name in a heraldous morning right there on the front page of their
website until they moved it. They finally took it off of there to get more pressing news on.
Well, how long do you want to hear is it? I was shocked it was on the front page of the
arrow of the web page. Is it that big of a story? It does not feed anybody else. A huge story.
You sure wouldn't know by the reaction on our on any of our stuff. God, I think that might
space thing. The show page, I think I'm going to get rid of it. Are you sure about that?
Well, what is it accomplished for anybody? You know what does it do? You know how many fans would
like you know be heartbroken? They're not fans. They don't listen to the show. Don't you
understand? They're groupies. Don't you know the difference between a groupie and a fan?
They're the same people. I have a lot of them. Is the colors. In fact, some of those people
have tried to get on there like the Ron Morone. Moron. Hi, Neil. Perfect.
And anybody who gives me a son and an answer about how I should take those calls,
that person that needs to, what they need to do is see Dr. Jack and just finish themselves off.
You have less than no life. Am I right? Yes. Yes. The same kind of people, same kind of misfits.
Oh, but that's guys that's so funny. Yeah, I was so funny. Oh, oh, oh.
Don't you find the most amusing? Not.
775 out of pull. I think you're going over 800. Which means you get 10 cents of vote. Oh,
right. My Georgia is going to pay it. That's part of the new deal. Oh, that way. That's part of the
deal. An enormous cutting form is that George now pays your salary. Cool.
And no increase. Maybe that's why he's that here for the. What is he thinking about?
Seriously, I just I worry about him because he's he I don't know what he's thinking about.
He's in a la la lamb. He's in a dream world and he sits there every Tuesday. They go to lunch.
Him and chicken at Bokobrán, Bolly and he sit around talk fantasy talk.
And we're going to be on the syndicated. I didn't mean radio stations. We're going to be
making millions of dollars. I'm sure that's the kind of conversation that goes on.
Now finally, though, you know, I got the chicken that calls straight now. He's getting paid on time.
He gets direct from the accounting. He's there. Everything is just fine. It's cool.
No more. I'm starving.
Yeah. How does it go? You know exactly how it goes. No more of that.
A professional photographer refused to take pictures of a gay couple's commitment ceremony
because of her religious beliefs. Violated New Mexico discrimination laws. A human rights
panelist were alert ruled. She was acting jerky and albacurky. Vanessa Wilcock filed a complaint
with a new Mexico Human Rights Commission in 2006, containing that albacurky photography
Elaine Hagenin told her she photographed only traditional marriages. Hagenin and her husband
John owned Elaine photography. The commission's one page, William Wednesday, said Elaine
photography violated the state human rights act by discriminating against Willock on the basis
of sexual orientation and should pay $6637 for Willock's 20s fees and cost. Good. Bitch, Willock
Stewart attorney said an email that she was pleased by the finding. I feel it's an important
decision toward defining the responsibilities of business when they offer their services to the
public in the state. She said the Alliance Defense Fund, a Christian organization that the
French religious liberty plans to appeal the state district court. Religious liberty, my ass,
what they have, what they defend is the right to discriminate. The right to hate.
The fact that she's a commercial business does not mean she loses her constitutional protection.
The Constitution prevents the government from forcing people to choose between their
faith in their livelihood. ADFC, your counsel, Jordan Lawrence said Friday,
the commission viewed Hagenin's business as a public accommodation similar to a restaurant
or store, kind of like Tai Tony. Willock's attorney, Julie Securo, Santa Fe said the commission's
decision based on public accommodation is the correct application into Mexico law to the
effects of this case. Lawrence argued that even if the studio were a public accommodation,
it's protected by the First Amendment guarantee of freedom of religion. Elaine Hagenin as a Christian
would not photograph such things as a horror movie or something showing abortion in a positive
life either Lawrence said. All they were going to do is have her photograph the commitment ceremony,
not anybody naked, not anybody doing no hanky spanky, just a photo. Oh no, it's against her religion,
baby. Because she's a big little bitch.
I regret. There's lady in town. She's another doctor. And she needs to buy bread that is
unleth of them. Oh, and she's buying bread is set of them. He's in heaven.
Oh, and the bread is wondered.
And the bread is wondered. And the bread is eating wonder. Happy pay soft, everybody.
Even the glamour of the celebrate pay softness. You're going to need it still. Lots of it's cheap anyhow.
I think is it cheap? No idea. 132 to 560. Nobody came. We got the jerk show from the Air Canada
Center Toronto, baby. Prior to the Raptors' Heat Game tonight. Why did they bother coming all
the way up here again? What's the point of even playing the game? Well, you know, they kind of got to.
And if I want to go to Woodbine tonight, like around 637 or 5, it's going to be a bitch with a
traffic over there by the Air Canada Center. I started to tell you before that the building
three high-rise condos right in front of the Air Canada Center on York Street right in front of it.
Whoever heard us such a thing, let me not go there. I don't go there. No, I mean,
nothing. So, what it has to be? How many leaf games have been through the Air Canada Center in my
life? Two. I don't like it. It's no Maple Leaf Gardens. I'll tell you that. Plus, who now wants
to pay big money to go see that? You know what I'm saying? Who wants to go see it when I can see it
? He's going to be fired soon right on a hill's a Jack Martin. That frog. Schneider, we guys
did all skate and move a parking lot. Well, that's good. What do you say? Move the what?
Brian Brown trains. So, here's the great set of meadows. Number two is PW Roman.
There's Dave Polone on the tour. Two to five, man. Hammy, heavy chop. The great Dave Polone.
I'll be betting against him. What I'd tell you about the truck, although we did. We did win with
the truck on Friday. It was amazing. You know, that double wasn't all that bad. Yes, it was. Although,
the second race, man, I was like, on my hands and knees watching that in the deep stretch. It looked
just like the one was going to go by. In George was only going to win 11 bucks. That was a good thing,
though. The fact he had it. We don't matter who came in. He was going to win. That's a good feeling.
You know, somebody win. You know, somebody come on. All of that, the one would have been bad.
Oh, we have a request for a bit when you come back. What is that? Tag told me.
And who requested that? Your brother, a boyfriend, little courtesan. My brother, boyfriend. Yeah,
well, you know, whatever you want to call. Puts that a Catholic priest charged with having sex with
a 14 year old boy in Charlotte in 1999. I was booked in Mecklenburg, County, jail yesterday.
The Reverend Robert Irvall was suspected in court tomorrow, coined the jail records.
Irvall 43 is charged with five cons of taking in decent liberties with a child and two
cons of statutory sex offense. That's an interesting terminology. What would be decent liberties
with a child as opposed to in these things? Everything about that? Think about it. He was arrested
April 2nd for safety in Jersey where he lives later that we can court Irvall waved his right
to contest extradition. Authorities who said the boy and his family were members of St. Matthew,
Catholic Church in the Valentine area where the alleged sex crimes occurred. The victim recently
before the matter to Charlotte, Mecklenburg detectives authorities be saying. Irvall worked
at St. Matthew from May 97 to June 99. He then worked at our Lady of Constellation Catholic from
July 99 to October 99 when he left Charlotte to be a chaplain at St. Mary's Hospital in New Jersey.
They just move them around, maybe keep moving them around like ponds on a chess board.
Well, move them over here. I'll find some nice aldevoids in Jersey and then we'll send them over
to New York and whatever. Well, there's Gulfstream. Look at that. We got nine minutes to the
second-rate of Gulfstream. I think we got to make that a regular feature this show every day.
Oh, yeah, I know. I forgot something else. Steve Sloan came by during that break after you were
talking about him. He says hello, Neil. Thank you very much for the help and you are on for the date
in May. They just don't have any specifics about everything yet. Oh, well, I'm sure that, you know,
it's only April 14. It's a little more than a month away. I'm sure that by then they might have
like, yeah, it's some idea what we're going to be doing. Although probably not. Probably not.
Based on what I heard from him and flee, you know, between the two of them. I mean, at least they're
working on this show. That's something. Correct. Thanks a lot, Steve. You're a man. Although you're
pretty crappy, but at the phone. With that photo phone, my god, he sends me pictures of himself
standing outside the S.L.'s office, I guess that was. It was a tribute to himself. I was going, Steve.
788 on your pool. And 2 now, say when I, the hour when I quit the job, I hated most. That was the
hour I'd like to relive when I told the boss to go stuff it. So then I mentioned that Joe Bell
sent me really amusing email. Yes, you did. No, I did not. Oh, you mentioned did you get another one?
I said it wasn't my signature on the contract. He wrote back mine either. Oh, okay. Yeah,
I think that one. The only problem is he doesn't sign the contracts. Who is that that does
Caroline Beasley and Naples and I'm assuming or Joey, someone of those people, but that was cute.
That was, you know, his attempted humor and I wrote back, okay, well great. In that case,
it's not a valve of contract. Let's renegotiate starting at about 3 million sounds good.
I want, I wouldn't want to take away any Georgia's big money. He's going to get out of Joe.
Now, what do you think? Well, you want to have it like a bed on it, like for a buck?
I think I can handle that. I wonder if Georgia is going to get a raise in this new deal.
I'll go with he will. He's going to get a raise? Sure, I'll take he won't. Okay.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to send during this next break, send Joe another email saying,
please, please, oh, that's me. Why is that? Because it's all into his head because he's becoming
demented in his old age. He's living in a dream world. You don't think so? No comment.
Well, that means you agree then. I don't know if I do. Everybody else is taking these huge
pay cuts. It's the nature of the economy. It's the nature of the beast.
The regress talking about that then beast again. I did Joe finally get off of that.
Did he abide by, did he abide by Zack's executive decision? Yes, I know because this morning,
they then played when Harvey Field called one of the sportsmen down here called beast yesterday
a whip him because beast was gripping his article. Yes, so what does that mean?
So much of they stopped talking or maybe they just stopped talking about his lady issue.
Oh my God. You know something. It just wears me on thinking about it. Give George a big raise, Joe.
Give George a big raise. He deserves it after all these years of putting up with CREP.
And the least they can do is like pay me extra for doing those shows during the summer.
I don't know if you're really thinking about it or if you're aware of it.
What did you start on the show? Were you on the show last summer?
Yeah, I've been here for over year now.
Oh, so you're aware of that.
Misty summer, it's crazy when I work on Tuesday and Thursday.
It's not really that far away. Now that I'm counting, it's only like about two months away.
Like about the sixteenth of June or there are boats. It starts then.
I started last January right after the whole my space incident.
Oh, it's your fault.
No, you're going to be the only incident.
That Jacob CREP, I came on after that incident.
And I became an emotional cripple. I was always fairly stable before then.
You know, I was like, I just showed up every day in my own business.
I had a life, you know, everything was fine.
And then all of a sudden Miguel starts with that my space CREP.
Now let's take a look right now.
Okay, I've had those three or four people and I had to the one guy that's supposed to be my big buddy.
They're up in Connecticut, the who's really chronic.
Says me a thing about Randy.
And I wrote him back. I said,
no, who cares. I don't. Nobody cares.
Okay, Anthony. Nobody cares. I have nothing more.
I have no more.
I got a couple articles that were saying I got about five people said,
hey, congrats on the five year extension and the omeralic cited about
listening to you until we croak and you know, I don't like that.
Nothing. Nothing.
1536 friends on here. What have I got?
Squat is what I got.
Because what I've discovered is that most of those people don't even really listen.
They're people who have listened over the years or whatever, you know.
You know, I mean by that?
What do you mean by that?
They're not regular listeners. They don't listen most of the time or even some of them any of the time.
Well, I mean, you know, maybe they're working.
So they kind of can't.
Working my ass.
Maybe they're working right.
Well, we'll see later in the day.
Pick a number. How many people do you think you're going to send me some kind of a 10 on it?
And it doesn't have to be a butt kissing thing.
You know how I feel about that?
It could be people saying, oh geez, you should retire and enjoy the rest of your life.
Well, I like yesterday at lunch.
Rimmer's wife, Farrell, who's a sweetheart. She's great.
Sure, a lot nicer than he is.
But anyway, she said, because we were talking about my job situation, how long I'm going to work.
And I said, I don't want to eat up all the savings I've had, all the money I put away over the years
that I want to leave to my friends when I croak.
And she looked at me like I was a crazy person.
She said, don't you deserve to enjoy that money?
Why should I leave it to anybody?
I worked all my life to get that money.
Why should I leave it to anybody else so they can grab it up is what you said.
And what you didn't know what to say.
And what's your thoughts on that after the break?
Think about it.
The biggest name of the best talent.
You know his name is Roger.
435.6.2 AM.
The sports leader.
You know it.
T-K-Y-S-U-C-K-S-O.
Who you have what it takes to be a Neal's will.
If you do, you will.
Sport whole radio 560 WQ-A-F.
And bite you to listen and win.
With the 560 Q-A-M Neal's will contest.
Simply cut and face someone else's profile and take two my stags.
Or in 50 words or less.
Right why you should be a Neal's will on the back of the postcard.
And send it to WQ-A-M smoothie out in the McAllister hotel.
Then when you hear this sound,
that's your chance to win Harris Millions for half-leaf and zoos of dollars.
It means a dollar.
It means a dollar.
It means a dollar.
Open testants must be male.
No younger than 18, no older than 25.
Must be shaving and smooth.
Judges reserved the right to eliminate contestants faced on the rainy quay.
Some already rake and scale of 1 to 10.
Runners up will receive an autographed WQ-A-M Neal's will.
Suitable for training.
Any duplicates of Neal's will found under you and show why they're in the parking lot.
They'll be foiled by law.
All prizes will be awarded by my clampiny.
And the grand prize winners are asked to be patient for it.
And if it be read of time until Neal decides to die.
146.14.0.2 before the jack show from Toronto.
Boy, I'll Toronto all the time.
I got some bad news.
Swilovies 24th to head in Pennsylvania.
Uh oh.
And it's a print and note right now.
Can you hear a grinding away on that machine behind me?
Can you hear a grinding?
Here it.
Yeah, I'll do it.
It's grinding over here.
A new poll released today by the American Research Group.
Give a Swilovie Clinton.
The 24th leading Pennsylvania up from Tide just a week ago.
A week ago, the same poll had her time with Barack Obama.
East with 45.
The new poll says Clinton leads a Barack Obama.
48 to 40 percent.
48 to 44 among men.
Among women, 64 to 31 percent.
Clinton, late night.
And we just have an article in the beginning of the show about how she's losing her
white women vote.
Yep.
Clinton leads 64 to 29 percent among white voters.
Obama leads 79 to 18 percent of my African American voters.
Clinton leads 52 to 43 percent among voters aged 18 to 49.
And Clinton leads 62 to 31 among voters aged 50 and older.
Old parts like me.
10 percent of all likely Democratic primary voters said they would never hope for
swilovie in the primary.
And 24 percent said they would never vote for Barack Obama in the primary.
While something's going on, something really smells.
It's got an aroma band.
How the hell is that possible?
Is that because he opened up a mouth and told the truth about the people are
bitter, etc., and they took it and they twisted it and immediately just jumped right on?
I mean, are people really that fickle or who knows?
We'll find out next Tuesday.
Oh, Beach re-opens after a shark spotted near the shore in Fort Lauderdale.
Right near the water where people were swimming.
Look at our light guard spotted the shark.
Big ol' shore.
Everybody was ordered to get out of the water until the shark left the area.
People were not allowed in the water for any more than a half hour.
What does that mean until the shark left the area?
How do they know when he left the area?
That's what shark it is, but we're told though.
It looks like a black tip reef shark.
Oh no.
Just so you know, black tip reef sharks are considered non-aggressive,
not likely to attack him.
Very friendly.
If I could get on with the pet, it would be a good idea.
Get a leash.
Get a leash and go and take it on with the pet.
Now, once your thoughts on what I was talking about,
I'm going to go about my will.
Not that I want you to stick your nose in,
but I'm inviting you to do it anyway.
Well, I mean, everybody else has got an opinion.
I think you should just do whatever makes you happy.
If being on the show is enjoyable for you,
or it's helping you to enjoy things like,
you know, would mine her then keep doing it.
I'm not talking about whether being on a show.
I just got to signing a new deal for five more years.
What are you talking about?
Well, they just, uh, you know, I was talking about just getting up and walking out.
Is that what you're suggesting?
You're taking all that money out stash away and just blowing it?
Well, I mean, you're able to.
And then what?
Just look at last one.
The idea of the casinos and then what?
And then you come back and say,
all right, John, back from my vacation.
I'll put me on there.
Oh, look at that.
It's going to be 10 today, baby.
50 degrees.
It's sunny.
It's beautiful.
What a great day for wood buy.
So you're starting next year.
You're going to notice a seriously decreased,
number of visits.
Because contrary to the kind of crap that you're trying to spread around,
I don't have any kind of a compulsive gambling
problem.
I could live with it or without.
I enjoy it.
I'm going to say get a gambling problem.
54 tomorrow, 59 Wednesday, and 66 on Thursday.
Oh my god.
I got to put on my bathing suit and go and hang outside.
Hang it out.
Out the door.
797, I think you got your 800 licked.
Not too bad considering we had a really crappy,
you know, from that Sunday deal.
That's started.
If I could really have one hour of my life,
it would be my favorite sexual experience.
There's nothing else even close.
And I wasn't on the original pole.
How do you like that?
Then the thing I added that on there wasn't a crisp.
Yes, it is.
377.47.3% because that's the other one's none of them.
Are many interest to me.
None of them.
I didn't spend like the last hour with my mother.
She would talk to her on the phone with me.
She died.
I called her in the morning and she croaked that afternoon.
Wow.
Wow, what?
That was kind of...
Well, it's not her birthday.
I called her wish you're happy birthday.
She was in the hospital.
And she made it to 91 just to piss me off because I used to
kid her that 90 is old enough.
And she said she needed to 91 just to show me as always
that she was alright and I was wrong.
And then she croaked.
She said...
I'm dying out of here.
And I was it.
That was sound insensitive when I said that.
Like some kind of a hard and bold bastard.
800 votes.
That's here.
Chris made 80 bucks.
Alright.
It's almost as good as George winning the 31 bucks
at the track on Friday.
Now, what's your take on those shows?
I didn't get a lot of fun since you can't give me an accurate answer on it.
You know, even a biased opinion about the will and the thing.
Or do you don't know any of the people who are in it?
Exactly so.
Maybe you're supposed to say, well, George is in it.
And then I'm supposed to say, like I said,
you don't know any of the people who ran my will.
So George is in it.
Like I said a minute ago.
Now what was the other question I just asked?
Let's get off of my will.
How would I think about the grimace?
The racing show.
I think they're great.
I think they're great.
Thank God for that.
It's a lot of fun.
You know, I mean, George is out there dealing with the people.
So we got him there.
And then you're sitting there giving him tips and you're playing the race.
I think it's a lot of fun.
I know the sales guy Steve likes it.
You know, he says we're good.
Goldstream people love the show.
So great.
That's what we're here for.
Maybe it's make the sponsors happy and make everybody a lot of money.
That's what we're here for.
All of this crap about, well, Neil is boring.
You know, something too bad.
We're not here to entertain.
Okay, we're here to make money.
That's what it's all about.
We're business people.
Just like all the rest of you four bastards out there.
We're going to skip two nickels to scrape together.
That's what we're here all about.
And plus is that out of bonus?
What is that?
Does that add bonus also when he's out there?
What's that?
He gets to hang out with the Ron and Ron.
Oh, that's right.
For George, I forgot about that.
He gets to hang out with his good buddies.
This game went to overtime.
Ten minutes in delayed.
Handling coming up against Montreal.
The puck goes to Mark Sivard.
How do I mark?
Mark's home the worst.
And Mark said he can play my team.
He's a sweetheart.
Mark Sivard.
Frog, but nevertheless.
You remember what was the frog and the prince,
the prince and the frog.
What was that all about?
I have no idea.
For my younger days.
Do you remember that?
Nope.
She kissed the prince and he turned into a frog.
Or was it the other way around?
Oh, she kissed the frog and he turned into a prince.
Oh.
I'll be there.
What happens if he kissed the beast?
153 at 560 WQM.
It's back and it's huge.
Exotic Amami Beach.
The largest develop in on the East Coast
is coming back to South Florida this weekend
at the Amami Beach Convention Center.
Exotic are presented by hot movies features
the hottest developed star-sounding autographs,
wild live entertainment,
super-sexy seminar series and over 200 exhibitors
that's this Friday, Saturday and Sunday
at the Amami Beach Convention Center.
Don't miss exhibitors like Girls Gone Wild
and the all-female pillow fight lady.
Gov.
VIP and get access to the Crazy Horse Aloon VIP Lounge
and VIP autograph lines.
Come meet stars like Jesse Jane,
Terrapactrix, Stormy Daniels and lots, lots more.
Pickers are available online at exoticamamibeach.com
or on site of the Convention Center Box Orifice.
Exotic Amami Beach come get sexy
and don't forget, sorry, no squares allowed
and they really mean it.
What's the biggest name?
The best town of Teorfys and No Rajas.
Stormy Daniels 5.
62 AM.
The sports leader.
It's day cold in Miami town.
Who's fair at 5.6.
Oh, WQA.
The athletes are bad with stars and their spots.
So they get out the bus.
And I swallow the dirty sacred spots of flight
and they need a girl boy.
And usually shows off their net board
and problems you will see.
He says he's a loser, she says he's a loser.
We're an STD.
White polycha, me and have a milk.
Face can't get off the heat.
Just like the decoupling,
whopper's deep brain clean.
Heaven have a mistress for three.
White country singer Sarah Evans.
And her deadbeats follow.
It's somebody's title and it's not the battle
to stay home.
Get the house.
Who cheated first but claims it a sense?
When it hits the fan.
Man abiding girls who won't have all their age
and they have their own vice-based page.
On a day gone, grew a piece by the tons
in my elbow balls.
Swann of the dangers of sleeping with strangers
were all the co-stars.
I think he tried God's horse with home
out in Hollywood.
Those movies are marriages don't see the last.
It's their gorge with the cast.
Then it gets public all the details
from an unknown name's horse.
It's one way cattle always buzz about
all that's led to divorce.
Bye bye bye!
The biggest names of this coward.
And your home for Miami Dovens would fall.
Sports radio 568 WQAM.
Miami Ford Lutterdale.
What do you think of it?
I think it can only.
I'm sorry.
