No portion of the program will be produced because it's just the information that will be shown in all of my broadcasts are incorporated.
This is the biggest news in my stock. This is Evan.
You're listening to sports radio 560WQAM.
I am a Ford Lutterdale.
I will bring back my end.
560WQAM presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Detoxed a Neil style 567-0560 in date and brown.
In other cases, the Jordan calls the radio 877-8000.
You know it, why are we by this party?
AT&T and the rise of wireless phones.
The opinion is expressed by Neil.
It's yes or his colors.
Do not represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors.
Now the Neil Rogers Show on 560WQAM.
It's Friday, you fast-y.
I know what it's like to stumble.
I know what it means to get knocked down, but I've never stayed down.
I never will.
That's very daily.
You'll listen to me, kids.
I'm okay, ya.
All the way to the pregnancy.
Yeah.
I remember back in the half-length days.
And the four-year-old, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know.
But you think everything was going right on real life.
After all, I was the big win.
Let me tell you something.
When it comes to finishing the fight, Rocky and I have a lot in common.
Don't let that other kid body it.
You stick with me.
I never quit.
I never get up.
And I know that we're going to make it together.
That's this very kid.
We're going to climb that mountain.
You got to keep fighting.
You can't let him get you down, champ.
You're the big, and the real, man you ever knew.
You know what?
Rich people, God bless us.
Don't give up now.
You want to be president like a man?
Oh, you're the big, I tell that, I'm like the man.
So I'm three dirates.
Three dirates, boy.
You're just what?
You have to do you squat, silly.
You had me derrous.
So whatever you had, I think you're the fact this time.
I don't know what you got hanging there.
It's not my business.
It's not my business.
We will attack the wrong.
And totally obliterate them.
That's right, today.
Don't give up.
Take the chicken.
Take the chicken.
Take the chicken.
Take the chicken.
You take the chicken.
Take the chicken.
Take the chicken.
And you'll be fine.
You're the champ.
You're going to be the president's president.
You know that.
Take the chicken.
Oh yeah, look at that.
She was chasing the chicken and she, yeah, I've got to hold a bright end.
Oh, it's God.
10.1 is 5.60.
Try to control yourself.
Are you pleased?
No.
I will.
So I actually, I must be hallucinating because I thought that I heard the big O's say that
I where a windbag was on again this morning.
We never learned.
We never learned.
We have a death wish here.
Barry Jackass finally wrote his column about the ratings and trashed us as you'd expect.
The ticket.
The ticket.
The other really doing it.
Not.
It's a question of who sucks the worst and who sucks the least basically.
But if we can get like 20 or 30 more sports talk sessions, man, then Ray Perry tells you that
we're really bringing a lot of people to sports talk like those WFTL's off 500 of them.
You put all their numbers together and you got a point.
Oh, nothing.
A point.
Oh, zero.
Scary.
Okay, here's the poor result from right now and we're going to get this off of there as soon as we get to a thousand and put a new one on.
The new ones that actually it's an old one.
I don't really have to say that because their memory isn't possible that good.
Although somebody would probably say, oh, what you did that once before.
Yeah, like five years ago, big deal.
What's the worst complaint you've ever had with air travel?
875 vote.
Two cramped and crowded 163.
Well, that's because you're sitting back there in the cattle class.
Yeah.
Yeah, we'll go steal some money and sit in this class like I do.
Up there where you got like lots of leg room and lots of elbow room and lots of farting room.
Stalled on the tarmac for a long time.
156.
Yeah, that's so frustrating.
You can see the wave going to it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
You're sitting out there and sitting out there.
Well, there's an aircraft at our gate and he hasn't backed out yet and we're trying to get his attention.
Yeah.
They lost my luggage under 22 bastards.
That's what happens when you check luggage.
Flight delayed 108.
Well, at least that I was supposed to have Morton Steakhouse.
I had Mickey D's instead.
David.
Because the two lovebirds were having a spat, a coral, a big blow up and whatever.
And so as a result, the dinner got canceled.
Because they were who knows what they're doing.
So I wound up having to go to, actually I was going to go to a decent restaurant and get my own meal.
And they're all lined up.
Everywhere I went there, lines and lines.
Do you think I went away to online for dinner?
No.
So I went to Mickey D's and there was no line.
And I had that new anus burger.
It was pretty good.
Flight cancel 67, turbulence 49, couldn't smoke 21.
Well, I'm getting used to it, okay.
Bad flight attendant service 20, mishap occurred 19.
Like maybe you know, small crash, something like that.
Your plane food 18 never flown in my life 17.
Wow, 1.9% of this audience have never flown.
I met you Chris' flown.
Definitely.
George, we know his flown a little bit.
A little bit.
Usually I could afford it.
A long time ago, when I was a teenager.
What other people paid?
No.
Bad ticket counter service 15, the airplane restroom.
It was a toilet 13.
I got air sick 11, the accommodation sucked for,
and the inflight movie were lack of one too.
That's so what we got on that horse ball pull of ours.
That's where it goes.
You're going to take a million calls again today.
It's been a still a week on the phone.
There aren't any right now.
I heard some of that calls the big overhead.
What the fuck?
Boy, you should have heard that.
He's got his own issues.
You know what I mean by that?
But no, explain it.
ABC News reports that Barack Obama's taking the lead in super delegates.
Super delegates.
Oh my god.
267 of Swellery's 265.
This is the first time he's been ahead in the super delegate count.
ABC's Jake Tapper reports Senator Obama's got two big endorsements,
Congressman Paine, a former Clinton supporter and Senator DeFasio.
That means he takes the lead with super delegates.
267 of 265.
For the first time, he can now say he leads Swellery for the battle in all important super delegates
and mounting odds over against Clinton, taking a toll.
Senator Obama's reach for in one at least temporarily.
And for the first time, the triple crown first in earned delegates, first in popular vote totals,
and now first in super delegate count as two more super delegates to clear for him today.
The big news in pocketing both of these super delegate votes is Representative Paine,
who switched his votes from Swellery to Obama, calling Mrs. Clinton a good friend
before jumping off the flatline Clinton campaign.
Flatline isn't somebody's dead in there.
As Mr. Obama takes the lead in all campaign metrics.
Representative Paine told the New Jersey Star ledger after careful consideration.
I've reached the conclusion that Barack Obama can best bring about the change
that our country so desperately wants and needs.
Bye-bye Swellery.
Somebody whisper in her ear, okay?
It's an ears counting on a wind in two days' west.
Oh yeah, west Virginia.
She's going to win there.
You know how much difference that's going to make to make any difference?
No.
Go to QAN, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
QAN, hello.
Good morning, Bill.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Bill, you haven't been listening for a long time, especially at 5'60.
Here, but enough's enough, man.
From 2'4, when you have your mom and your brother as a regular guest on the show.
Get out of here.
Enough is a freaking enough.
He has his mom and his brother on the show?
Yes.
For what?
Just to talk.
Is a regular guest like they have.
I have a wind bag on the show and he's his colonic.
Well, he has his mom and his brother.
Yeah.
Enough is enough.
I'm out of here.
Yeah, okay.
I just did it.
That's true.
What?
Now, he has his mom and his brother on the show?
Yeah.
Jerks?
That's what we hear.
Mrs. Jerks and, oh my god, you got to be kidding me.
And also, of course, the people inside the building who are set up callers.
Right.
Maybe we'd be better off with set up callers.
That's a bad idea.
Yes, bad idea.
And I don't think we'd be better off.
What do you mean by that?
I think even I don't think so.
Let's see right here.
We'll see.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was listening to the show and I was just waiting before you guys talking about.
And when guys grow that scrub underneath their lip.
Yeah, flavor-saver, yeah.
Yeah, that's not what it's called.
It's called an imperial.
Yeah.
So, tell them to get it straight.
So, what difference do they make?
It still looks like crap.
Uh, like that.
What does that mean?
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Like I said, some of those set up calls couldn't be so bad.
But here's line 9, which very rarely even rings.
QAM, hello.
Oh, yeah.
Well, what it does, it's almost always that.
It's it.
It's the thing.
There's so many things in so little time, you know what I mean?
You always said that.
Yeah.
So many things.
Actually, an imperial is a mustache, not a little dot.
Yeah, get it right.
Yeah, get it right.
Moron.
Get her done.
You idiot.
You jackass.
You simple to new.
Quizzling.
He's given us a song in advance.
I don't see a lot of activity on the phone here today.
Don't tell me it's going to be all reading Friday.
That would be very bad.
If we failed on Friday after four spectacular days of eight million phone calls, I'm not saying
there are any good ones, but, you know, push your luck.
5667-0560, you know the numbers.
5667-0560 and pound 560 and they've risen in singular wireless line.
We do have the jerk show at 2 again today in spite of all those relives being on.
Mad Dog 4 to 650, then first pitch with Jesse Andrew before the Marlin game.
657 so we can get a whole bunch of spots in and the D.H. show from 90 Minute Follows All Assets.
Dolphins All Assets.
Or like Magdog says Dolphins No Access.
What's very jacks mentioned that is a column which I'll get to.
It's very trashed.
Oh, the Ticket Top's WQAM.
Oh, the Ticket Ticket Ticket.
Yeah, they suck.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know what, trust me, how you got all these car companies pushing your vehicles with.
You know something I can understand one word didn't understand one word you just said.
Not one.
Okay, I said you got all these car companies pushing vehicles that on.
Flex fuel.
They take E85.
But has anybody seen a gas station that even sells E85?
No.
How about a gas station on I85?
See, you know, is?
Nope.
Well, why not?
Get out there and get away a little bit.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil, my inflatable day for a whiless.
Can you go?
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How are you guys?
Okay.
Hey, Neil, you can run to the gas station, correct?
Yeah.
Well, me and my son are having a date.
He told me that you've had any three special guests.
I thought his mail was just nearly George.
Mm-hmm.
Will you verify that?
5670560.
They've arrived in Singular.
Wireless line.
So sad.
And not only the quality of the call, but technically they'll sound real bad today too.
Is there something going on that I don't know with the phone?
Nothing.
Technically, really, really bad.
Plus we could use to crank up the volume on these little bit too.
Hey, don't say crank.
Crank up the volume a little.
Would be a good idea.
Crank that.
WQAM.
Crank line.
Hello.
Hey, you know, when I've been with you as long as I have, it's been over 30 years.
Going back to the days to be back in polio and staying out in the back of the pickup truck.
Mm-hmm.
You start to lose your hair.
When you lose your hair, you grow that little thing and I call it a man's China.
Just to compensate the loss drawn on the top.
I don't think there's anything wrong.
You keep it clean if something happens to you.
It's gross.
All right.
Schmutzie.
Okay.
I'm good.
I'm good.
I'm good.
You put the jacket back.
Have a good.
I don't even die in here from him.
Mm-hmm.
Speaking of that, attention men and women.
If you suffer from excessive hair loss, thinning damage to her bald and take down this phone
number one, triple eight, five, eight, six, grow, GRO, W.
Called hair growth laser centers to data schedule your free consultation.
This is a true non-surgical program to stop the progression of hair loss and to regrow
your own hair naturally.
With convenient locations throughout the Browden Palm Beach counties.
Called one, triple eight, five, eight, six, grow.
Men and women, no more hair pieces are damaged here.
Make your hair look and feel thicker.
Have fuller and healthier hair.
Everybody is talking about this revolutionary breakthroughs and omniscience opportunity.
Just pick up the phone right now and call one, triple eight, five, eight, six, grow.
Call today and take advantage of this affordable laser hair growth program.
That's one, triple eight, five, eight, six, grow.
The biggest name.
The best talent you've ever had in your life is 4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
It's Friday, you Westings.
STD Layton Strip Joy.
Approved by Joyce.
Farts out.
Rejected by Joyce.
Online gambling stands.
Approved by Joyce.
Words containing the word bag.
Rejected by Joyce.
Directile dysfunction spots.
Resoundingly approved by Joyce.
Tuba Sounds resembling Farts out.
Rejected by Joyce.
Layton Sports Related Faggery.
And Sports Show hosts encouraging kids to rob liquor stores.
Happily approved by Joyce.
Farts out.
Rejected by Joyce.
Oh yeah.
WDQAM, hello.
Joy.
Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I'm a professional barber.
A mustache is a flavor saver.
Now, the thing under your lip is called a soul patch.
Soul patch.
Soul patch.
That's what that's called.
Not to be confused with a whole patch.
Right, correct them.
I'll be right on your back.
You're going to bite.
And back to you.
Okay, now listen.
I want to get this in because parents has got this chicken scratching on here.
And swillery is chasing the chicken.
WDQAM, Bruce Ross Mire, Harley Davidson and South A Dodge presents the 105 days of Harley,
not Harley from Guiding Light, different Harley.
You could be one of 56 winners of a 2008 Harley Davidson motorcycle or register.
Go to any Bruce Ross Mire or South A Dodge or any Hooter's location or log on to www.wqm.com.
On the right hand side, you'll find whatever it says there.
What does it say?
I don't know.
105 days, promotion or something like that.
Like, who's kid?
You'll find it.
Or not.
And of course, tomorrow, George is making one of his big appearances.
He needs that cash.
Yeah.
He needs it.
He'll make appearances like 24-7 just to get some money in the till.
You know it.
Join George for the grand reopening of the Fort Lauderdale Comp USA tomorrow, 2-40 afternoon.
Come for great deals on electronic software and accessories plus enjoy hourly giveaways
and take advantage of unhydrited spatials too.
Comp USA at 1740 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale.
Comp USA is back and George.
Little George will be there from 2-4 tomorrow.
WQAM, hello.
What?
What is this?
Who's this guy?
How?
Can't you envision it?
Can you see it?
No, I'm trying not to.
You know, I'm trying.
You know, the shot.
It'll brighten up your whole weekend.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, the old one.
Nail.
Yeah.
I'm a little bit astounded at how you can feel that President George W was a good bad job.
I mean, right.
Like me and the other 75% of the Americans.
What exactly do you disapprove of that he's done?
Everything.
Like what?
Honey, North taxes?
Do you have more money?
I don't want to put my taxes.
I want to put taxes for people that need it, not for me.
Oh, so you're so altruistic and so true.
Yeah.
Go to Iraq.
Go out and stick your head in the sand, dude.
Okay.
Radio ratings are out.
Says Barry Jackass and Chuck up a neurovictory for $790 to tick away.
And by the way, thank you, Mr. President, for those little gas prices.
Burrill of oil, $125 plus today another new record.
And the price of gas at the pump will be another new record as well.
As the grave robbing Saudis continue raping the world, not just the American public or Canadian public,
but the entire universe.
With the assistance of their good close personal friend, the Bushmeister.
I wonder how Bandar Bush is doing today.
You think he's missing any meals?
I doubt it.
Yeah, I doubt it.
The radio ratings are out and Chuck up a neurovictory for $790 to the ticket rights, Barry.
The ferry, which now boasts a $3101 record against WQA in the last five arbitrage rating books
and the key demographic group of managers, $25 to $54.
In the period covering January 10th, April 2, the ticket finished 15th in the market
with a 2.8 share in that demo group.
WQA finished 16th with a 2.6 neck and neck nose to nose, baby, side by each.
Some of the head-to-head battles using numbers from that coveted demo group.
The most notable development was long time WQA ratings came near Rogers losing the $790,
mostly Jorge Sedano, but also an hour of former $790 host Booth Shamby, who's no longer there, by the way.
He's doing the praise games now.
Do you know that, Chris?
I didn't know that, but I've heard about it.
The Booster I've heard him a couple times.
Sounded good.
Because that's his thing.
I've said that for years.
He ain't no talk to your host, but he's a good play by play guy.
The Booster.
Orange head.
At least it'll get him away from a labaster for a little while.
During Rogers' hours, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
he was 13th in the market with a 3.3 share, while how embarrassing and humiliating and degrading.
While the ticket was 10th with a 3.7.
During Sedano's hours specifically, 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.,
the ticket was 8th with a 3.9.
QM was 12th with a 3.3.
Since the ratings, Booster I'll move to the Noon to 3 slot.
WDQM won in the early and mid-mornings with Orlando Elza Query, who starts at 5 a.m.
beating Sid Rosencrantz, 38 to 32.
During the 90 minutes where they directly compete.
Between 7 and 10 a.m., QM's Joe Rose was 6th in the market with a 3.8 share,
beating Rosenberg Crantz, Dean Schwartz, who was 17th with a 2.5 at that time.
Just beat the crap out of you, Sid the Kid.
They hate you.
They hate you.
You know, not a good book, but for them, not so bad book.
And Sid the Kid, he just sucked wind.
They despise you.
They want you to go back to New York.
Everything but the world hates about New York City.
They see and hear and smell.
And Sid the Kid.
Crantz, besides beating Rogers, which I notice very is just,
he's just tickling himself.
He's got his finger deep inside his rectum ass.
He's so excited about that.
Besides beating Rogers, the ticket was 10th with a marketing partnership with a hero.
In other words, they're on each other's back.
They're in bed together.
Also one head to head battles with WQM throughout the afternoon evening.
A direct competition between WQM's Jim Manage and the ticket's Dan La Bastard and John Stugot's Weener,
the ticket at a 3.1 share ranking 11th in the market compared with WQM's 2.815.
In his first books and shifting from the morning show, Jason Jackson don't call me Jerks 2-4 p.m. show on WQM,
ranked 23rd with a 1.7 share, 20 turd compared with the tickets 2.4 17th,
which included one hour of shot being one of La Bastard.
WQM hosts have complained about the dolphins not providing guests for its weeknight dolphin show
and the ratings remained disappointing.
Disappointing.
My God.
During dolphins all access or as many to say dolphins, no access.
WQM had a 1.6 share ranking 22nd from 7.9 p.m.
compared with the 2.6 or 16th ranking, which included Panthers games and Kevin Rogers known from 10.
The ticket's dominated rival from 9 p.m. to midnight with a 3.8 share to WQM's 0.4 that included Rogers,
Kevin Rogers, the Dosa Migos show and Panthers games on the ticket and mostly they didn't amend the lure on WQM.
A 0.4.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh piano
articulate illiterate I would say. He took it to a great Hungarian restaurant in Boston.
But if this are noted or collage roommates, he said, why are you bringing this old man?
At 65 Stockton's 11 years older than Visser, Cafe Budapest. Anybody care about Visser?
No. No. No. No. No. No. Hank does, but then Hank
ain't on our show on our station no more on our show. How you doing on that pull there,
Chris? 923. 923, which means, and not that
far off will be dumping it and putting the new one on there. The old, the new and old one,
which is kind of a negative that we haven't done to many of those lately. We like those
negative pulls. That's what's so full of, oh yeah, that's right. South Florida waits for
those. They, they, they, they fell when they find a negative pull. Somebody they can
hate. Because that's what it's all about in South Florida. If you were stuck there, you'd
probably feel the same way. I do it. What? I do. QA, hello. I want to say that book.
Uh-huh. Somebody QA, I'm hello. When is Visser? I say, oh,
the English, speak it English. He's in 11 years. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I must have been one
of the dose amigos, okay? Hacking a try to can esponial. This is a, a, a, an English
language show for people who speak in English or even those who pretend they don't, but
they do. Which is a lot of that going on. Five six seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60
in the Verizon singular wireless line. Phone is dead as a freaking door nail. When that 20 minute
playcage is up, though, then we're going to start then we'll be on fire. We'll be
or or not. Maybe four days was as much as they could muster. It's possible. Because I heard
some of the calls with the big old before you showed up this morning. Oh, yeah. God, the
pain, the pain. Wow. It's spreading like a cancer on the phone. WQ, and hello.
Q, and. Yes, sir. And the radio off. Yeah. Yeah. What?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I speak to a thousand people a day and Bush speaks to a lot of people and we're going to make
mistakes. Yeah. Okay. You're going to make mistakes. I'll write by calling us together. Maybe
by showing up next Saturday bad mistake. Please.
Oh, yeah. Those white people, man, they're really funny. They don't get the diaries anymore
from Arbiteram, but they used to once upon a time and they used to be pretty good for us.
Yeah. Well, anymore. They don't get them. So 1029 at 560 WQM, don't forget to jerk show
it to this afternoon. It's going to be really a hoot daddy will be calling in and mommy and
who was it that called his sister brother, his brother and who's the other one?
Mother and his mother, your mama. Oh my god. My mama. That's going to be pretty good.
Kind of life and that show up a little bit. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I love the beginning. I don't hear
that show, but I do hear the very beginning some days. If I don't get out of here,
like it within two seconds. Oh, and I did get without it here within two seconds yesterday.
And I ran off with my lesbianies cab driver. I didn't run off with him, but I mean, I flew off
and I went to work by him for two minutes and one two grand ran out. That's what I did.
I put in a $50 bill and I hit the button about no, I don't know, seven or eight times and boom,
two grand on the line and they came and paid me. I said, thank you very much. Goodbye. Goodbye.
That was a nice experience. Now, how come I can't do that every day? I don't know, not that lucky.
Two, three, four grand every day within two, three minutes. Liberty QAM, hello.
I'm mad on the path. Liberty QAM, hello.
You got rashes. Yeah. I'm convinced that you don't know anything about what's announced
as Don Whitman was the guy's name. Don Whitman is dead. I realize that that's what it done.
Whitman is dead. I realize that. And you have something. If we're lucky, you'll be next.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line. No, I know nothing about sports
announcers. I know nothing about anything. If I did, I wouldn't be sitting here talking to
a huls like you, you old coute, you old fart. He's the poster child for South Florida, that old coute.
I wouldn't be surprised if before the end of the year he elopes with a hotel pharmacy guy.
Liberty QAM, hello.
Cube.
Yeah.
Cube.
Cube.
Keep going.
I'm going to bomb him.
Liberty QAM, hello.
New.
Yes, sir.
You might as I start a web channel for you.
What?
A satellite web channel. You might as I start a petition to get started.
What are you waiting in a satellite web channel? What does that mean?
Needs. I want to get you on there.
You want to get us on the ear?
Satellite. I'm going to start a petition.
Yeah, go ahead.
All right, thanks.
Okay. You're going to start a petition.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Really makes me wonder about that appearance next Saturday.
Let me know how yours goes tomorrow, while yours is going to be different kind of a thing.
George will be there next Saturday too, by the way,
Call Stream. I bet you're old,
bunch of people from QAM show up.
PD Linny will be there.
PD? Probably.
Did you give him that spot, by the way, that'll be your friend?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And tell him, stop sending me these ass-licking emails.
Okay, I'm not interested.
No one listens to me.
What do you mean? I have good advice for people.
No one listens to me.
Yeah, we need a lot of PD Linny.
Okay, you bother me.
You bother me.
You talk about them.
We need a lot of PD Linny.
We need a lot of PD Linny.
We need a lot of PD Linny.
We need a lot of PD Linny.
We need a lot of PD Linny.
We need a lot of PD Linny.
We need a lot of PD Linny.
It's not a question whether I like him or not.
He's just annoying.
That's all annoying.
And he's always there every time he sends an email.
He's always going to be licking.
He's such an ass-kisser, PD Linny.
He just, it didn't, it accomplished nothing for you in your life.
Okay, look where you are in the world right now.
Look at your standing in life.
So all that licky, licky.
What did it do for you?
Look where you are.
Look who you're working for.
Look around you.
When you walk in that building,
then take a sniff of the air.
Take a sniff of that rotting and festive air.
And understand what all that kissy kissy is done for.
That's one thing that kissy kissy and kiss a lot of ass.
And it, yeah, makes you a lot of money.
Or it gave care accomplish something positive for your life.
Or just to be a professional ass-licker for no reason at all.
It's just nauseating.
I can't, I can't deal with it.
Go away, PD Linny.
You bug me.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, what time does Phil and Drick-Honk?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Did I hear you say Bobby?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
I put the whole bottle.
Q-A-M, hello.
Uncle Leo.
Yes, sir.
Uh, why don't Cubans take showers?
Good one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and they've rise in singular wireless line.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, sir.
You hear you mid-Jays over to the bathroom?
But you're doing the corner.
This is the quarter-shock guy.
Yeah, he did it.
Yeah, this is the quarter-shock guy.
You know what?
I was doing a lot better until I punched up this call.
Hey, it's all good.
I was doing a lot, though.
It's not all good.
You're not good.
You're bad.
You're real bad.
You're an idiot.
You're an imbuss of your jackass.
You're a moron.
But other than that, he'll be there.
Then didn't you tell me he already showed up?
No, it was a quarter-shock guy impersonator.
It showed up.
Remember that?
Right.
That was a few, a couple of times bad.
Somebody asked him about the quarter-shock guy.
Whatever.
They said quarter-shock guy.
I thought it was that, but it wasn't.
It was not him.
Believe me, you didn't smell it.
Oh, yeah.
And if you do show up, by the way,
a lot of people are going to put their feet
right down in your slot.
Right down.
And won't give you no quarter either.
56670560.560.
And he verized in singular wireless line.
W-Q-A-N, hello.
What's the deal with this?
Copy there.
W-Q-A-N, hello.
Anya.
Yes, sir.
I heard there's something that's taking out.
This is coming up on your program yesterday.
Yeah.
And I live over here.
How can we learn?
What's so funny about that?
Well, they come up a lot.
We have this commercial for Smith and Will Lens.
Do you ever been to one of those?
No.
No.
It wasn't really.
We have this commercial.
Who's we?
Fort Myers.
And we don't have one here in Fort Myers.
I just, it's funny that it runs.
And I didn't know whether there was one in Miami
and they're running it because there's one over there.
But I've never been and I've never seen one.
And it looks really, really high in.
I know it's like you was hind end.
Okay.
5670560.560 in the Verizon Singular wireless line.
We have one over here.
We, we, we, we, we, he likes the we we've got worms.
WQA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Good morning, sir.
Hey, um, first thing I want to say, uh,
thanks for signing for another five years.
I am a very, very long time listener.
Number two, I want to say thank you and actually to your webmaster, Eric,
because you're one of the few radio talks, your hosts that doesn't charge
to play the download the shows.
You do it for free.
Everybody else are you sure?
Yeah, everybody charges five to ten bucks a month and you have always done it for free.
And I use the living hell out of that and I really appreciate it.
Well, good.
Why the hell should we charge you to listen to?
I mean, it's just crazy.
We don't have to charge you to every show.
All talks are including film.
He's like, uh, but he was one of the ones who started it and that's that
why they would turn his ass on him.
I'm full.
Hey, I got two things one for face-on and farted big time right in full space.
Yes.
One's going to be a shame if we're quiet, so but to the jackass I called you before
sticking up with George Bush.
One of the things, well, you really believe that you run it on that call.
I don't, Neil.
And I, and you know, I'm probably talking to her.
That's all what these people need to realize is that that tax break,
you know, I got two kids.
I just got an $1,800 check.
This is a lot of money people.
It's not money that we have laying around.
This is stuff that we've got to pay back some time.
Yeah.
So you can give tax breaks out the yin yang.
It doesn't mean anything because at some point they're going to call in our
markers and we're going to have to pay for it.
Yeah, the Chinese will call in our markers and my chain with request
deal is that more and no chance.
See you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 and they've arrived in singing the wireless
low and they start calling in our markers, man.
This we're going to be in big trouble.
Our markers.
Yeah.
They magic markers.
I do.
Well, good.
So you're going to try and help them all during the show.
WQ way and hello.
Bill.
Yeah.
I've got a great idea for a poll.
You want to hear it?
I'm listening.
All right.
Kind of stuff like that.
You like hockey and gambling and all that.
I think it's a little poll out there.
Who sounds dear George?
Yeah, okay.
Get some new material.
Okay.
That's a middle of his material.
Yeah.
George.
Yeah.
I think it's wishful thinking of you.
I showed up.
He's got the hot story man.
He wants it now.
Yeah.
Movies.
Oh, that's okay.
WQ a.m.
Hello.
Q a.m.
Can I speak to Neil?
Speaking.
Neil.
Yeah.
How come that guy you work with has such an over exaggerated sense of himself?
Of important.
Who's that?
Maybe I think he's out of the.
Oh man.
That guy does the worst show.
Yeah.
Don't miss one of the things.
He's just not funny man.
When you come on, it's like a breath of fresh air.
You know what?
I got a suggestion for him.
Don't listen.
If he's on, don't listen if you don't like it.
But I'm on if you don't like it, don't listen to me.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
With that funny, fag voice.
See if George were gay, maybe maybe you two guys can get together.
But.
But I don't think he's your type.
I'll tell you whose my type is that the former soldier,
former member of the National Guard posing in play girl magazine.
I'll get to that.
I'll get to my stories.
Because these calls, I wouldn't wish these on anybody.
I wouldn't wish these on the chic.
Oh, bad.
I would wish him on Steve Nichol.
946 on the pool.
I'll read it when we get to a thousand.
I don't want to read it.
I mean, it's just it's horrible.
It's just awful.
It's horrible.
Although I think it is, it is interesting.
17 people, 1.7% of the St.
Herodians have never flown.
Never been in a plane.
I thought, oh, oil had 126 dollars of barrels just now.
All right.
Thank you, Mr. President and your Saudi buddies.
Your gangrene.
The best talent.
You're the real radiance.
4.560 km.
The fourth leader.
It's Friday, you bastard.
On the streets of heavily Jewish Miami Beach,
Lansky became an elder statesman, a living legend.
The most pious Jews in the world, the Miami Beach,
where the holiest people to whom God has everything.
Even God wasn't close to my Lansky.
So as they saw my Lansky forget about God,
Dishbiz God used a wachip and follow him,
if you walked on the street,
it would talk about how slow he walked out first.
Then he had a dog, a cow, a horse,
and he said, don't get up,
but type one time we're in this little deli down in Miami Beach.
And these two young boys came up with Yamagazan
and they were kind of looking at my grandpa
and I was kind of standing on the background.
And they came up and said, Mr. Lansky,
we'd like to get your autograph.
And he kind of looks out of tears.
So I didn't know my grandpa.
He goes, what did I do when it came to me, award?
And he said, well, we figured it would be worth some money
some day, Mr. Lansky.
No son, I don't say I'm out of graphs.
You know who I am?
I'm Moe Green.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
1045, I can't believe the day we were talking about
delis and stuff that nobody remembered martial majors.
Huh, I can't believe that.
I remember martial matters.
I remember Jerry Mathers and his brother.
567-0560, there must be somebody out there
who remembers martial majors.
It was in the grove or in the grove, I guess.
So what happens when you get to be 4,000 years old
in all the places that used to live,
all long gone, closed down, boarded up?
Is it to the Wayne Arnold?
Is we open again or what?
No, no, we need a confirmation.
We had that one called.
Yeah, we had a one call from a crazy person.
Now maybe Wayne will call him and he tends to be a little nutty
every now and then maybe Wayne will call him
and then we're taking calls again.
What do you say Wayne?
Come on.
Give it a shot.
567-0560, PON-560, and leave a rising and singular
wireless line.
Phone is dead as a freaking door nail, man.
Absolutely dead.
952 on your pole, you're inching up toward that thousand.
If we stay until about 560, we'll have that thousand.
And then we can switch it.
Dominic QA-M, hello.
It's November Day.
QA-M, hello.
QA-M.
Yeah, I'm speaking Neil.
Speaking.
A-Neil, I remember Marshall Majors.
Marshall Majors was in South Miami where Jake's is located right now.
On Red Road.
On Red Road, that's correct.
That was Marshall Majors.
I remember a great place.
All the good places seem to be gone.
That's right.
The good places are gone and all the glacier places are in now.
Absolutely.
It couldn't agree more.
Okay, well, good luck to us.
Thank you, sir.
There's an old crew here I was Marshall Majors on Red Road.
In South Miami.
Boy, that was a good place.
It was outstanding.
And you ask yourself, how is it that places that were so legendary?
How is it they'd vanish?
It disappeared.
But that all the delis went out because all the old Jews died.
And all your people came into the dead county and pushed them out.
Yeah, they'll chase them all the way up to Boko.
That's right.
Am I right?
Yes.
Yeah, we're not done, by the way.
I'm sure that you're looking far enough.
Just getting started.
The shoy's in all the way up to B.
Baby.
Chasing with Halla Hasse.
Right into the bay.
And then of course the fat ass year ex-governor, he'll come along with it.
Oh, and fry everybody.
That bastard.
56670560, 0560, and the rise in singular, wireless line.
WQA and hello.
QA and hello.
Hey, I'm going to say Rogers.
Rogers?
Mr.
Yeah, Mr.
This is Mr. Rogers.
I'm kind of struggling.
I know the pace today.
It's really blowing.
You sure not going to pick it up.
I'll tell you that.
Well, I thought maybe you could slow it down.
Yeah.
It blowing to these guys like wife's safe.
WQA and hello.
Will.
Yes.
I would love to vote for Barack Obama, but I can't.
And why is that?
Because I don't have any papers.
You have any papers?
Well, put the herald on the floor in the squat.
And the guy's 670560, 0560, and the rise in singular, wireless line.
He's like George, you can't vote.
Now, can you vote?
You can?
Of course, I'm meeting.
You can do illegal alien from Cuba?
Can they?
I gotta talk to somebody.
I'm not illegal.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Nino.
Yes.
It's Wayne Arnold, Colin.
All right.
See, you're asking, you're getting it.
How you doing, Wayne?
Well, pretty good, sir.
We all through.
We're getting real close now.
They've just about finished everything on the inside.
I'll see you now, we open yet.
No, sir.
We're just putting in the roots of the new system,
they everything inside the store is completely new.
All the equipment,
redesigned all of our back storage areas and everything.
And next week we'll be getting the new parking lots fixed up.
And it's moving along.
I'm hoping to have it open sometime next month, Neil.
Excellent.
Great.
And look forward to hoping if you're down, bringing you some food.
All right.
Okay, well, keep us posted, Wayne.
Good luck.
Yes, sir.
Thank you, Neil.
There's my Arnold from Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle.
Last one left in the universe, baby, right there on 125th and northwest 7th Avenue.
One of the best neighborhoods in town.
Can't wait.
They'll be open really soon.
That will be good and they can bring you over a whole bunch of food.
Salivating about the newly births.
Now, what was the guy that used to bring us to food first?
Is it wife?
Huh?
Huskies of birth.
Wife that, then he died too, didn't he?
Yes, rest.
Oh, God.
Nice guy.
It was a great guy.
And then of course, the good people died too young and the nasty,
the hatefully obnoxious people.
Some of whom we hear from all the time, by the way.
They live forever.
Like Vic Cheney, for example.
Cheney.
Somebody QAM, hello.
QAM.
Can't pull a trigger.
QAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to inform you that the rat could also shut down in Miami.
No.
Yeah, they're off to you.
Yeah, anytime we talk about that on the show.
Oh, I'm sorry.
My radio goes in and out.
I'll get the cat in the car.
I don't know.
Okay, we'll get a new one.
He's busy doing in and out.
He said.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, thank you.
Yes.
I wanted to tell George to stop beating a bum.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Good morning, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Hey, love, you heard the story out of your back about your stream brothers.
They're kind of similar to the famous side of the dry and um story.
The movie.
The three brothers over there that uh,
school of them died and they went through
get back to the third one.
And when they brought it back um,
the army refused to pay his uh,
his uh, his self-benefit.
You hear that story?
No.
Yeah.
Um, it's a true story.
They were breathing it online.
I think he's on a uh,
a new stream by the San Francisco.
I reported it when it's funny how
that story has a main DM, um,
the mainstream first.
Well, it's bad for business, you know,
it's bad for business.
Those kinds of stories.
Doug Thompson writes,
The Clintons and Jim Crow racism.
Hillary Clinton Thursday admitted that she's the candidate of dumb whites.
No more no less.
As her campaign continues its slide into the dustbin of political also,
Rans, she told USA Today that should she become president or she should
become a president because
ignorant white people want her in the white house.
They're the only people who really matter in this election year.
In other words, she said,
vote for me because I'm white because the black guy from Chicago doesn't
send a chance in this racially divided nation.
Reports USA Today and the interview Wednesday with USA Today,
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton said she'd be the
stronger nominee because she appeals to a wider coalition of voters,
including whites who have not supported Barack Obama in recent contests.
I have a much broader base to build a winning coalition on she said.
As evidence, Clinton cited an AP article at
she said found how Senator Obama's support among working hard,
hardworking Americans, white Americans as weakening again,
and how whites in both states who hadn't completed college were supporting me.
A card-carrying member of the Ku Klux Klan couldn't have made a statement,
couldn't have made a statement anymore racist or ignorant.
Rights in AVU gene Robinson in the Washington Post,
from the beginning, Swelorick Clinton's campaign,
as if the Democratic nomination were hers by divine right.
That's why she's falling short,
and that's why she should be persuaded to quit now,
rather than later, before her majestic sense of entitlement splits the party along racial lines.
If that sounds harsh, look at the arguments you made Wednesday in the interview with USA Today,
as to why she should be the nominee instead of Barack Obama.
She said an AP article at found how Senator Obama's support
among working hardworking Americans, white Americans, as weakening again.
I have a much broader base to build a winning coalition on she said,
as a statement of fact that's debatable at best.
As a rationale for white Democratic Party super-dollogued should pick her over Obama,
it's a slap in the face to the party's most loyal constituents, the African-Americans,
and her repudiation of principles the party claims to stand for.
Here's what she's really saying to party leaders.
There's no way that white people are going to vote for the black guy,
come November, you'll be sorry.
You can't blame Robinson for being pissed off.
Anybody with an unsur rational thought should be mad as hell,
but few should be surprised.
Both Clinton's played the race card every chance they got,
and Hillary's finally letting her outright racism show.
The post-Robbinson is more charitable.
He writes, Clinton's cynicism racism is arrogance.
From the beginning, the Clinton campaign has refused to consider the possibility that
Obama's success was more than a fad.
This was supposed to be Clinton's year, and if Obama was winning primaries,
there had to be some reason that had nothing to do with merit.
It was because he was black or because he had better slogans,
or because he was a better public speaker,
or because he was an idiot darling.
This new business about white voters is just the latest story the Clinton campaign is telling
itself about the use of her name Obama.
It's still early, Clinton said Wednesday,
vowing to fight on at some levels she seems to believe the nomination is hers.
Somebody had better tell her the truth before she burns the house down.
Perhaps it is, Doug, but it's also possible that both Hillary and Bill Clinton are racists.
They're good enough at the game of politics to sucker African-Americans
and believe they supported their causes.
When this history clearly shows,
the only causes the Clinton's ever-truly support are their own unbridled arrogance and ambition.
So, as Doug Thompson said, you go to the facts coming.
I wonder if it's from you or if it's an anti-facts.
Me.
Wow.
An important facts coming from little George.
Well, that's...
And by the way, you idiots out there, and that's most of the callers it is.
But if you want to talk about George or Tujor,
a calm way he's on.
Right.
Which is, we got a lot of that coming up very soon.
I'm going to need that.
Don't fuck me with your problems with George.
Let's see, here's a poll suggestion.
What movie do you think you would not enjoy but ended up enjoying?
I don't know if we've done that.
Hey, but what would you put on here?
Oh, we'd have to think about it for a few.
We'd have to do a poll movie that you show.
What do you laugh at about what would you say about that?
I said, we would have to think about it.
We got the weekend to mull it over.
Mull it?
Yeah.
Is that like that thing on your left?
No.
Now, what do we find to decide that's called the flavor taser?
The guy's the harbor said it was a, what is it, an imperial?
Yeah, no wrong.
No, that's what I said.
The guy's full of crap.
Imperial's a must-a.
Soul Patch Royale flavor savers what?
Soul Patch.
Yeah.
I like the Royale without cheese.
That's what somebody's Muslim woman need in this building here, man.
Let me tell you right now.
Oh, that's a whole thing.
Big one.
Yeah.
961 on your poll.
And the next hour, we'll go to the thousand and never go to that really, really bad poll.
We got waiting in the wings for the weekend.
We'll take this long to ask you if you're the Rogers.
Fourth on your 5.
Sixty Q AM.
The fourth leader.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your play.
Any questions?
How have you been abused in the workplace?
Raked or screwed?
Place your career in my zokie smooth hands.
Hello, this is Norma Kent for the more orifices of a norma Kent.
If you meet me to conduct business on your behalf, let me explore for you.
It may take up to 13 months for me to explore, but I will explore for you.
Call 1-800.
There's so many men to explore.
That's 1-800.
Maybe I should not schedule syndication meetings for Christmas Day.
If your cell phone does not work because you're in California,
call 1-800.
I want you to keep Neil hostage to South Florida.
Call now and you will receive a free cell phone one that works almost as good as born.
That wasn't my cell phone.
His name is StaysR.
It's 11-01.
Sounded like Norma had something in her mouth to me in any rate.
And of course, the proof of the pudding with norma is that he spent a lot of his time.
Not just this last time with this contract deal, but over the years,
talking to James Crystal Radio and Steve Lapa.
You know, people with stations all have a point like that who are losers,
guaranteed losers who are nothing about those business who have no money to spend or at least don't want to spend it.
That good indication of what a great effective job he's doing.
Once you're meeting by the way with the Jolly Joe.
Oh, I don't know.
Your follow-up meeting to that great meeting in your head where he said,
oh, won't you be whatever you want?
You're just a blank check, fill it out.
I don't know.
You don't know?
Yes, sound too optimistic, does he, Chris?
I'm fine.
Sounds a little bit despondent over it.
The fact that he was in there yesterday,
slapping his suspenders around and never said nothing about it.
That's not a good sign to me.
I'd be really more ross and depressed about that.
I'm fine.
You okay?
Yeah.
Well, when you have all those people come out to see it tomorrow.
At the grand reopening of CompUSA.
1740 North Federal Highway 4 Lauderdale,
2 to 4, come by and see George bring him a big bag of money and a lot of drugs.
WDQA and hello.
I'm fine.
Hi, man.
WDQA and hello.
Oh, Neil?
Yes?
566-10560.
You're going to translate that for me or what?
I thought you were.
It sounded like Hebrew.
It was what?
It sounded like Hebrew.
Hebrew.
I don't know.
I was just thinking during the break of,
well, where did all the Jews go in South Florida?
Man, they got chased out, not just to Vokov, but they're just gone.
What's their gone?
Maybe they went to North Carolina.
Maybe.
They went somewhere because all the delis closed down and the rancor...
We're buying that all up too.
You know, there's no escape.
What?
We're buying that up too.
So, buying up North Carolina, you mean the Cubans?
That's right.
You're turning this into a Cuban thing now?
Oh, whatever.
I'd be really interested to see the demographics of this last book.
Wouldn't you be fascinated to see like the Hispanic breakdown and also the...
But, uh, African American, the Black, right back in the last book.
We're going to be able to see that from Clarice.
That's what you're going to be like.
That's what you're going to be like.
I saw him.
Yeah.
Oh no, one of you sounded a little bit down.
WDQA and hello.
WDQA and hello.
I voted for you, Reaper.
QA and hello.
Which booth are you going to be at, Neil?
We're at North Carolina.
WDQA and hello.
As white you can get a job like a stop bitching.
WDQA and hello.
I didn't know.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, years ago, we were talking about, uh, having the street signs of the lights,
you light lit rather than your head lights shining in there.
I wanted to drop behind the, uh, on Christmas and Saturday,
something that I was pretty impressed.
It ended up being here because I was trying to call him a lot of men,
but he didn't take your call.
Yeah.
You remember that commonly, Neil, when he was talking about in Europe,
that all the street signs were with us, but in the head lights shining up in the air.
No, I never had that conversation.
Yeah, I did.
No, I did not.
Yeah, you did.
You were talking about everybody who's white,
black in your eyes.
No, you're up.
A certain.
No chance.
Never, never said it.
Never know what you're talking about.
You're talking about Europe.
You're dreaming, man.
You're talking about mushrooms.
Yeah.
Right.
Doing mushrooms.
I'll see they're vaning them and Amsterdam.
So another guy to make them leave them in Florida.
Right.
What, that's our poll question today on the air.
Not the one on the website.
Is where did all the Jews go?
I mean, there's Norma Kent
and Howard Climber, which I'm assuming Howard's still alive.
I don't know.
Do you know any of the Jews?
Nope.
Ershinler's dead.
Um, I'm out on the air.
Well, Hank,
Hank's still around.
He's around.
Any K is still around.
I'm sure somewhere.
So there's a couple more.
WDQ way in.
Hello.
Yeah, George Bush has more hoods,
but in one little pinky than.
Yeah, okay.
Hutzpah.
He's not Hutzpah, right?
And thank you again, Mr. President,
for those little gas prices and all those dead people.
And the failing economy.
Thank you for all of these things.
He's got more Hutzpah.
You wouldn't know what Hutzpah mean if they shut 40 pounds of it up your ass.
You dumb goi.
Too many goi-am.
That's a problem.
You hear these callers?
These aren't Jews calling.
These are goi-am.
You check them?
I'm checking.
I'm checking the foreskin.
5, 6, 7, you can smell it through the phone.
Can't you smell it?
Most of the time, stink bad.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60.
And they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
Let's have some Jews call in today.
What do you say?
I'm not talking about those orthodox
with the big silly hats and all them,
the payas and the, oh my god, not them.
WQ-am, hello.
Hey, hey, hey,
bop-pop, aboot, aboot, aboot, aboot, aboot.
Well, that was him with an abbreviated version,
that was actually him.
Is my right?
The word it only.
Oh, my god.
Except there's some really enthusiastic bop-poo,
bop-poo, with some good ones.
WQ-am, hello.
George is my buddy.
WQ-am, hello.
Yeah, I know you.
Yes, sir.
Hey, buddy.
I'll tell you one thing that a lot of people don't remember
the totems.
And
Do you remember? Yeah, and what about them? No, just remember it was a good place to go and
No, it wasn't it was a crappy convenience store you float them you float them. Yeah, there you go. Yeah, all right
Well, stop on the day that's to your buddy
They people are Florida deserve to have their dollar gets seated I think I mentioned no, they don't
That's the people of Florida, okay
A vast wasteland is nothing wrong with Florida that a people transplant wouldn't solve oh
Wouldn't be really good for when I said that for years
That's the only thing we need in Florida a people people trans people you won't like the one you see here
That's for damn sure and they won't like you cuz they don't like anything
560 705 60 come on. Let's get with it. Let's get some Jews on the phone here today
It's wrong with you and
Pound 560 and they've arrived in singular wireless line wherever all the Jews gone. That's what we're looking for
They go to Tamarack. No, that's for damn sure sunrise. Maybe maybe well sunrise lakes
WQM. Hello, hey nail
Checking in really yeah, I remember that you fuck them. I used to steal Matt dog
20 20 drink it when I was under age and there it was a real easy place to get it
Uh-huh
You'll be pleasure. I do like hearing you fair into the comics from time to time. I'm one of the
Obsessed with the show who actually enjoys the cold
Where did the Jews all go?
Yeah, it's really it got dark early down here if you know what I mean
I said the Jews are all moving up to have insurance even know that the fun of Israelis and having true
Oh my god
Oh
A lot of a palapo and what's the other one?
Yeah, you're always talking about it. It's a big block of pace. How about here?
We go home. How about?
Well wait a minute. You're Jewish and you're saying how about?
How about yeah, well, I'm not a good. Yeah, it's where I Jew baby
All of this has making sense because I am one see I'm here means just like yeah, we don't know what I mean
What a joke that is this is a Jew check it in he's saying how far those big chunks of pale as odds
Yeah, fake Jew
Let's see what I'm telling there aren't even any real Jews the ones are calling our fakers
They're moving up to adventurer
That's that's moving pretty far north, isn't it? Yeah
What is this man talking about all the Israelis are an adventurer?
Mm-hmm. Well, I guess maybe it kind of soures my attitude about going to that famous deli
I was I was on forward of that well, you're bound to see it you there, you know when you go
Maybe I'll go to crookies when I come back. Maybe they'll reopen just for me for some brisket and buy you lockers
Erie everyone pump or next wolfies rascal house crookies
Deli then although it's got like 85 different versions maybe they reopen again
Remember when they had the wolfies in Hollywood on Sheridan Street for about five minutes or five minutes
It was not a good incarnation of wolfies
No, I was always I didn't about it if anything we were about his Jewish is this last guy to call for people like chewing gum halva. Yeah
I'm gonna tell you man the glam have taken over the world like Alan Finkelson used to say there's only one problem of this world
Too many glam and he's absolutely correct and at
Erizat's jew that just called in a minute ago with his his paste
Maybe he was old pasty face like Tim Russell W. Q. A. M. Hello
You're the brown mouse
WQ way him. Hello. So this is my best friend WQ way him. Hello
I'll go to you. Yes, sir
The price of the act Iraq war 5000 dead
The price of gasoline four dollars a gallon. Yeah, President Bush's presidency
Fifeless see you
Oh, I thought that one later. I might want to yeah
Let's see. I'm letting it sink in you know, I'm absorbing you savoring it you savoring the flavor. Yeah, just like the flavor of that halva
980 votes you only 20 more to get to a thousand more work creeping along toward that well as a Friday for Christ's
What do you expect from?
Fourth leader
Hey, you need to be having a blues
We are having a sale on cameras
How about many flavors
That is not
Maybe
It is only because
Heritage
Excuse me
1117 at 560 W. Creme the good news is barrel oil is down to $124.96
Thank you Mr. President and all your rag head buddies man for raping the world
Always record profits from showing next time in the public just it's better. Oh, what are we gonna do?
What are we gonna do but it be better but about?
Nothing. That's what you're gonna do with nothing
You're gonna call any a Roger show and make funny noises and call pretend to be a deal talk about how va how va
Even Chris said Esmeral Jew
With his halva with a pasty crap
Maybe is a kind of Tim russard. Maybe he's thinking about pasty face
560 560 pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line. We got lots of room in the hotel, baby
Lots of openings on there phones. This is not a good day. The Monday through Thursday were pretty good this week
Or maybe it'll take them a while to warm up. No, no, you understand. It's a Friday Friday is always right. It's always been F off Friday
WDQ and hello
Hey, they don't just go live in Miami. Really really believe you're like the other guy with his halva
That was very nice. Obviously not a Jew correct
We have a few that live in Pinecrest. Still there's a good deli down there really yeah roasters and toasters
Mm-hmm and most of the other ones I know live like Mount Sinai Miami Beach
Still still
Well, I hope nobody finds out about that. Well, those are the only ones left that I know. Yeah, everybody is in Boka
Well, I don't go that far north, but no line. I'm not not to if I can help it
So that's all I know. Okay, pal. He's on
We're gonna turn it into a Jewish show. How do you like that? Let's bring all the Jews back from Delray Beach
And what happened all the Jews who used to live at win-more for Christ's sake over near the brini of the track
Of course the track pop it apart. They basically chased everybody away anyhow
That they've done with the I don't want to go into it
criminal and some of us worked like crazy to get that thing passed in Broward a couple years ago with a slant and look what you know
Look what pomp and opark is done just screw the horseman over something fierce don't do anything to promote the racing and it's like
You know, oh before the experts were the Schlachs experts
Maybe they can hire the quarter-slot guy to straighten that place out
Although I do like the deli there though that my rinse
Yeah, man that place is good. They got the big kosher deals on the table
You know and really good coal slot and some of the best cheese blinches. I've had my life. I don't know if they have halva
WCYN. Hello
I think I'm over Q. I. M. Hello
Odiel. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay?
I have to defend that the Jewish
Man that called earlier. Yeah, yeah
Exactly. It's actually a brand name of halava like the poor man halva that it put at the impulse
Know halava from a masheed Pissier. Okay. He might not have
Also one other deli that that's the
Applied decent is best belly implantation those they give you a Corvete sandwich
It'll really put a couple pounds on you too. Where's that it's?
It's fine carabas there off a university. It's a real hole in the wall. You can't see it from the road only
Only the real Jews know about it university. Where it's like university just
North the 595
It's near the office depot there. It's in a real dumb plaza. I hate fish. They're a kishki
Kishki they got whatever you want. Oh, I'm going when I'm done or next week. I'm going there. Hey, you know
I was a blood sugar doing bad bad very bad
I've been telling you about by 80 you need someone's gonna help you lose weight too, you know, yeah
I wanted to try it. What is it called? It's called by Ada is that that man? Where do I get it?
Yeah, now your endocrinologist prescribed it is a real drug. It's gonna help you
Yeah, people who's laid on it helps your blood sugars and you know
My blood sugar will be fine if I stop eating ice cream helps you stop eating and makes you feel full
Yeah, okay, well, I'll tell you I look into it. All right. Okay. I'll look into it. All right
We're kind of waste for me George. Yeah, right away keep me alive save my life. What do they call it?
Paya by a yeah, yeah, how about all right
96 one I'm gonna tell you we're never gonna get to a thousand on this pool. I might just have to change it now
That would be admitting defeat wouldn't it maybe
96 you got 14 to go you should be able to do that by the bottom of the hour
But the way things are going today. It's a bad Friday, man. It's an evil Friday. What's not any now? So we got chance
Oh, it's a piece of copy. How do you like that from Barnett Miller? And I know who that person is barney Miller
Barney Miller do we know seriously you know who that is? Yeah, yeah, good guy Edadjou
Oh, we got a jewic you I am oh my god. I thought they fired everybody else
That's the that's the thing with Joe Belly find it convinced the beesleys
We had too many Jews on the payroll so Eddie Kay had to go and a hopper had to go and they thought that I'd probably go to and I said
No, no, I'll work for a 10%
Don't want to hear from Barney Miller. Okay. That was that is yeah, that was the worst damn show is speaking a bad mustaches to what's that guy's name?
how
He just bugs me and this guy also thinks he's a singer to how linden I had no one of those old-fashioned singers like from the 40s
You know, it's a doctor like a lounge to no, no, not even like a synatra, but worse than that. Yeah, like a lounge wizard
Like to your a veil on on doggy donors
W.D. Q. Way. I'm hello a
Neal that guy who called about roasters and toasters he doesn't know what he's talking about
That's a boy place everyone knows and pinecrest. It's lots of lots down on like 150th and
The battle of the delis baby
150 second
It's where US one and a hundred and fifty second
What are you talking about a lot of locks he was talking about?
That's some quick work
It's five minutes from my house. I see and so how come this guy vanish so fast?
He got here. That's how he rolls man hitting red
hitting run Jews
Well, maybe you thought they were tracing the call
1989 you only got 11 to go baby. You're really on a roll here. You're to that thousand change that pool
Tote that large and change that pool and eat a whole big bunch of chocolate halva. I told you you're your former accountant probably that
That the sugar free halva to the hockey game one time seven years ago
Man, oh man. We tasted good. I'll say that and it just tore my guts out
I went home and I just sat on that throne and just oh my god for forever forever
It was spiked with a crap at all. I am must have crap at all in it
You're a far-bison orthodox a former accountant whatever his name was David. Yeah, David. Good guy. He's a hoist David
I'll never forget as long as I lived that he brought him to fill in and you and and wrap those things around your arms and your
I always were in red you're you'd leave a Thomas's red as Bubba right, but that was a good experience because
You know normally that I would not get the opportunity
So now when I see him on TV, you know dovetting with the with the straps on yeah, I know what it's all about
I know I know I got it tied on yeah bubble my sees you say the Q a.m. Oh, I hate it don't work. Nobody Q a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hello
Yes, sir
When the Jews ran WLRN it was actually a very good radio station
Now that the I believe it's run by the two bottles
That may just destroy it's home, but really thank you
You're welcome
So where's those numbers? I'll keep looking at the facts machine expecting it to start grinding out those Hispanic numbers between 10 and 2
From this last rating book. I don't see him. Yeah, how did you go under and tell parents to grind it out? No?
His mouth grind it out you idiot
How's he gonna know he's not listening because he probably is or close right now his door is closed see
Well, maybe he's having a special meat in there. You think maybe because strom does be
Maybe he's got a big bowl of kosher deals on his desk
Maybe he's chomping on a pickle right now. Yeah, wouldn't be the first time I already puts it in the deal hole
989 maybe we're got 990. What do you think?
990 like I said boy am I on top of it or what am I sharp as a mutzebaw and say halva?
Now the the the whole thing with the Jewishness is all like we're not I'm not big of this koshering the house doing all this
Far-bison of stupid crap, but I mean the whole like like Yiddish how many kids did they think Jewish kids you think understand Yiddish?
The
Yeah, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, that's one thing about other ethnic like the Italians and the European people and what are who else the Mexicans
You know they keep the old ethnic traditions a lot the Greeks and the geeks
But I think the Jews are like letting all kind of fade away
They're all worried that bush and the chini are gonna come and get them in the middle of the night
You're the biggest name the best tower
50 QAM the sports leader
Get involved as much as you can you know no matter how old you are no matter how young you are just always you know get back
You can tell the world you're not a woman you're a girl
I just saw the picture close our gun. You ain't having fun in it working
You can tell your friends. I win a cent you ran and everything has been so overblown good family good friend
I don't give a darn cover of your arm
Pick up your pants and shirt from the floor
Stop putting lipstick on your lips and wiggle in your hips
But you are not a neggy brighi
You can't want to steer me away from all of it
Don't take it on but take your clothing off
All of your fans will understand all you with our breakaway now
And if you take it off you take your clothing off
You'll make Billy Ray a wealthy man
Man or all the way your pics are in vanity fair
You said that your embarrassed had no clue
Surround yourself with positivity
You're a ramp of fantasy looking like you never eat
Those are not artistic girl gonna know who to eat
Try to get me away from that
You can't live a positive life with a negative mind
I love being entertained
Don't take your clothing off
All of your fans will understand all you have
Having an audience
And if you take it off
You take your clothing off
You'll make Billy Ray a wealthy man
She said goals she had a dream
For the day she could talk
She said she was gonna be on stage
Okay whatever it's 11-32-5-60-WDQ
I got a great movie for you to see this weekend
All right
WDQ-A-N hello
No that's at it
Hey I'm welcome to the last time I got
WDQ-A-N hello
Okay
Well I just want to get those two out of the way
Oh and there's another one Q-A-N hello
Yeah
Yes sir
That's Jewish Gellian Toronto
It's called answers
E-A-N-C-E-R
It says Bathurst and Wilson
Pansers
Yes
That's the one that Rimmer took me to was awful
Really
Oh my god
All right
Good luck yes sir
If that's the best we can do it here man
I'll stick to glacier food
Yeah speed racer
Yeah
You heard this flick
Sure are you kidding me?
Well it's not out of you
Is it out yet
I think it starts to spin
Yeah it starts today
That's correct
With our boy Emil Hirsch
Emil Hirsch
Right
That's Jewish boy
He is
Hirsch
Well it doesn't have to be Jewish
I mean probably could be
I think he is
I think he's more likely to be
Yeah
than Jewish but maybe well that's yeah
I'm not gonna start him
Emil Hirsch isn't surrounding
Now they were together in imaginary heroes
Am I right or not just doing that
You did not dream it
Christina reaching that two fox Roger
Alan and John Goodman
Oh another Jew
All the Jews are in the movies
That's why they're not in South Florida anymore
I'll be taking my daughter
Maybe my wife as well
We're all speed racer fans in my house
I'll grew up on the cartoon
Well here you go
Speed racer opens with the young boy speed
Sitting in a classroom
drawing pictures of exploding vehicles
Making engine-like noises
and fantasizing about driving in a race
This is a review from the Toronto star
They only give two and a half out of four stars by the way
Which doesn't sound
Well and it goes on forever
Before we know it when the equivalent of that fantasy
The boys daydream spread across the big screen
With all the technological wizardry
Hollywood is capable of
The first effort from the Wachowski Brothers
Since their matrix trilogy
Speed racers inspired by the 60s
Japanese anime tv series
And the movie never gets better than ever
And the movie never gets far away from that
Fimio Bay pre-adlescent race track daydream
Skied as the younger brother of Lex
Driving a compete against cars back by an evil cooperation
I tell you this appears this presumed day
A good talker
That's the movie quick and lose head to the form with speed
Emile Hershey's not growing up
An erased car driver for real
Bet on avenging his brother's death
Against the opposition of his father
Pops John Goodman who I can't stand by the way
The manufacturer's racing cars
Will help him ace mechanic
And fears another family fatality
Speed enters a brutal cross-country car race
And then makes a climactic appearance in the grand pre
Here we have the horiest of formulae
And innocent opposed by sneering villains in the contest
That still encourage
Grought to life for the most technically sophisticated avant-garde
Post-arionic touches
Subcaptivation's a movie about
This is a futuristic video game where the rich speeds mother
Seasons surrounding normal is mom
Still makes pancakes for her family's breakfast
And usually a woman starts to calm down pups
The movie does not defendism when Skied's girlfriend
Tritzi Christian Ritchie takes over the wheel for a brief time
Technology in this world may advance
But a young man still has to prove he's a man
Speed gets conflicting advice in this regard
World in the corporate genius Roger Alamedelzen
Are you ready to put away your toys and grow up?
By toys he presumably means comic books video games
Racing cars and even movies like speed racer
Pops on the other hand seems to think that some can keep his toys
As long as he uses them properly
I saw my son become a man
He proclaims at the end of the movie
I saw him act with courage and integrity
And drive the pants off all the other races on the road
So there's no necessity for anybody to take this seriously
More interesting is what's on one on earthy
What Chowsky brothers are up to with this bombardment
The viewers eardrums and retinas with noises, colors, and lights
The racing sequences are almost unwatchable at times
Like a flickering series of subliminal stimuli
Colors are certainly gorgeous right now
But the bright red lipstick of the women
The flashing blues, reds, and yellows are reminiscent
Of the interiors of gambling casinos
Like these interiors the movie is totally cut off from the real world
You see mountains and deserts during the cross country race
But they're clearly CGI products with coming for touches at it
Such as a vulture perched on a peak
You see the spires and towers of a futuristic city
But we have no idea of the time and place of this film
What's completely permitted is the overwhelming impression of speed
It's not just the racing cars
Our vertically integrated plan is the fastest in the world
Vostor of them
And it's complete artificiality
It's abrasive cartoon images
It's abolition of distance and perspective
Through constant instantaneous movement
The movie seems poised to say something about the world we live in
It seems about to reflect back to us our actual experience
It seems to suggest we're all speed racers
The movie unfortunately doesn't make that leap from sensation to arc
But it suggests fascinating possibilities for movie makers interested in using
The latest technique seriously to explore the world
It's a fairyland we've made it with our technology
We've made it into a fairyland
You fairy
Baaaay, Nate
So there you go, I don't even know what that review said
The film was a good band
Uh, well I try not to
I have a nice bag, that's why they give it to me
I put it in the list under those kinds of
Because people that review movies for living generally speaking
They're uh, they're soothes and they're going for a particular kind of movie
Any particular kind of movie, like content and uh, some movies are made just for fun
And especially this movie is made for kids
So because the cartoon was for kids
And therefore, uh, movie suits probably won't find a lot to like in it
But I mean, if they're eating halva while they're watching
Nobody eats a whole bunch of mushrooms and enjoy the colors, how's that
Oh great
Oh, pop teens in depression
The pot will actually be worse than their depression
And could even lead to worse disorders such as schizophrenia
So I'll take a look at that
So save the pot for the happy kids
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
I'll take a look at that
Get the job
Get the job with me on the panel act for
If you made your decision for Christ
Where did you learn your trade?
You idiot
Whoever told you that you could work with men
What you're hired for
It's to help us
Does that seem clear to help us
To help men who are going out there
To try to earn a living
You company man
You ferry
Get the job
Get the job
What?
I thought we already heard that one
The title
I don't know the title just didn't make it
You shouldn't choose a movie by its title
But still
I'm hearing Glenn Ross
You probably thought it was about
Glenn Hill
Right
I thought it was about a bunch of sales people having office drama
That didn't sound very appealing
Drama?
Yeah
Well, we sure had some drama here last night
It's screwed up my day
I mean, you're looking forward to having Morton's at a great stake
And that fantastic hot chocolate dessert
And you want to make it D
So I will say this
It's I had the Angus burger with cheddar and bacon
And it's not a really funky kind of bread
It's not on the usual rule
Because I never eat the rolls if I get the electric cheese burgers
I just eat the meat
But I actually ate the bread
Which is one reason my blotchery this morning is just plus the ice cream I used to eat
I mean, eating ice cream every day
You need to wean me off of that
You used to eat it
No ice cream until I come down
But I hire a goon to go up there and be your ice cream guard
A what?
A goon, no goon
I agree with you what were you saying?
Better watch it now when you reach for your spoon
Better watch it, Kimba Bo-Kamper
Maybe monitoring now when you reach for the spoon
Here comes the goon
Smack it out of your hand
And it's not even good, you know what I had?
Ben and Jerry's
Chocolate Chip Cookie Doe
That's all good
I don't remember if I've had it but it sounds good
What's it been?
Oh it's from Ken and Natobico my bunny
Bayeta, can diabetes drug also help me lose weight?
Bayeta
Well thanks, thanks a lot A
Ken, he's a good guy
He's right up the road in Natobico
Ken, one of my few Canadian listeners
He listens online
He's an old coot like me, you know
Bayeta, so maybe I'll have my doctor
Or make a prescription for some Bayeta
You think that's a good idea? I can pick it up when I'm down there
Yes, sure, what about Bayeta?
Oh, I gotta stop eating all this crap
My sugar would be fine if I would stop eating a crap
Because I take my peels, man
My blood sugar is just sky high
Sky high
And wasn't I just talking about Lassiter the other day?
Uh huh, and how I supposed to learn my lesson from what happened to him with his diabetes
And his fat eyelids
And they had an appetite part of his foot
And his kidneys went and he started going blind
And I, you know, diabetes is bad stuff, man
It's not any joke, and you keep making jokes about ice cream, you know
So anyway, Ben and Jerry's is so evil now, what they've done to it
Really? Which is good, because if they had like fish food, I'd be eating it every day
And that stuff is so sweet and so rich
That probably sends you blood sugar just skyrocketing
That's what the little meters is tilt, you know
When you've been eating fish food
The BDQA and Hologram
Not there, well they wouldn't wait more than an hour
Too bad
Just let it keep bringing, okay, we'll get to it or not
We'll get to it, not
There's obviously no hurry with these calls
That's why I don't feel compelled to spirit of crisis and the community
Yeah, we might as a good one
Yeah
I started to say there was like lots of drama
You know, when two hysterical queens start getting in
And I'm on the outside, you know, waiting to go to dinner
Oh, I can't go, but I'll take your break
And of course they're not breaking up
Breaking up is hard to do, I heard
You find out what you're saying
I'm on the inside
QAM, hello
Any item, okay
Two things, one, I got one for the poll
First one is Jim Kramer
That guy's an idiot
Oh, and good choice, what a piece of toilet man
He's damned sirens and horns
Yeah, and you know something?
What they don't understand, maybe they do understand they just don't care
He's talking about our money, okay
In other words, it's like a big joke, it's a comedy show
How we're going to invest our money
I mean, to me, it's no laughing matter
Especially when somebody loses it for me
Exactly, especially when he runs his own funds
They actually involve a lot of those stocks too
Right, that's right
We're stealing, the other one is our bedroom Jerry
We tried the American Dream
One that's even called Bear One
Do I scream they got up there?
Never heard it
Oh, amazing, it's all out
It's actually vanilla
Okay, thanks
Jim Kramer, you're going to put him on the poor one
We will
He is, have you, now do you know who he is?
Yeah, he's the crazy guy from the gambling channel
Who thinks he's a real comedian
And he's supposed to be giving you expertise about your money, you know
Like I said to this caller, when somebody loses me a bunch of money
I don't laugh at it
I don't fight it amusing, I don't find it humorous, etc.
Of course I can't talk about that
Real bad experience that I had investing
But no more of my money in the stock market will tell that right now
I'd rather give it away
And you know what?
I had a really good job with that
Oh, Future Shop, cool gifts for a mom
From Future Shop
You know who owns Future Shop, Circuit City, I believe
Okay
See this incestuous relationship in the world like every company owns all the other companies
There's like basically I guess about 10 companies in the world
And they own everything else
But thank you Mr. President for those bargain-based and gas prices
It's almost five bucks a gallon here
It's about four bucks a gallon there
And it just doesn't stop
Every single day
The price of oil goes up 124, 125
One time this morning reached over 126 dollars a bill
Every day we're sending records for shame
For shame
And let me tell you right now
Okay just like I told you that the raconteck was about OIL and MONY
And that didn't work out to it
But that said what it was all about
Although worked out real good for the war profiteers
The next war is going to be fought over just the OIL part
Oil
You'll see
I think those ragheads better watch it
I think there was a couple of those that were at the bottom
They're looking a lot like something for an online BTQ AM
The fourth leader
This is Pope John Paul Lind
And if he asks me, they always think more fun than playing grab ass with this Swiss guy
Is the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour
Oh
There's no telling how high gas prices will go
There's nobody wants to tell big oil no
One way to tell them that we've had enough is to spend
You spend, spend on the pump
You spend, spend on the pump
Show what you think of those oil rich pumps
We're getting tired of them gouging us
So spend, spend on the pump
Your gas station holder will clean with you
He has the same kind of trouble too
Clean his pumps all covered in glue
And spend, spend on his pump
Spend on the pump
Show that you're gratitude when you fill up
In the Saudis, a kick in their jump
And spend, spend on the pump
Taking advantage as they gouging rain
Just how much of this can you tolerate
Grow a big pair and expect the rain
And spend, spend, spend on the pump
And spend, spend on the pump
Our leaders don't have the balls to step up
Grow a step further and take a big dump and then spend
Spend, spend on the pump
Spend, spend on the pump
Show that you're angry and really fed up
No one will help us this time to get tough
So spend, spend, spend on the pump
Guess what? I just got an email on my space about Mickey from Calder and Ghostroom
Really?
That was pretty exciting the fact that she's still learning that she came by
I tried to get her to stay so that she could hear the shout out
But obviously she had to be at her post
I see. She's a sweetheart
And there was also another lady who used to work at the concessions there
The sandwiched her counter
And I'm sure white here, the lady can't remember her name
I'm pretty sure she's...
I'm at her side
Did
That was a swell
Maybe I'll get to see Mickey when I'm at Ghostroom, you think?
May they?
Wouldn't that be nice?
Anyway, my good buddy Ken and Topico
Send me the link to this article from MayoClinic.com
Biotta can diabetes drug also help me lose weight
It's very short
Question, tell me about the diabetes drug Biotta
Can it really help people with diabetes lose weight?
Is it only available to people with diabetes? Answer!
Although taken by injection
Exgenitide, Biotta is not insulin
Biotta improves blood sugar control by mimicking the accident of the hormone in Creton
Among other things, when Creton is well, that's good, I'm a Creacher colleague
Among other things, Biotta allows insulin to work more effectively in the body
Studies have biodefound that not only improve blood sugar control but also lead to weight loss
It's unfair exactly how Biotta causes weight loss
But one effect of the drug is that it delays the movement of food from the stomach of the small intestine
As a result, people taking Biotta may feel full faster and longer, so they eat less
The most common side effect with Biotta is mild to moderate nausea
Which improves in time with most people
Biotta is designed for people with diabetes
Biotta is designed for people with diabetes
This is not the case of weight loss, even people with normal blood sugar
If you have diabetes, wonder if Biotta may be helpful to talk to your doctor
I'm going to say that, and tell my doctor a call in the prescription for me
I, if he thinks it's good
Of course, it would also help if I'd stop eating that ice cream
How do you like that guy to call him? He's a good guy, he seems like a nice guy
He's turning me on to some Ben and Jerry's flavor
The new Ben and Jerry's is crap
They need to be in jail, whoever these people are, they're bought out Ben and Jerry
Is that a believer? I don't know
I think they make soap too, okay? I think they put some of them in the damn ice cream
The worst flavor is the way, either they got one called the nannis split
Now, how bad can that be, okay? Doesn't it sound good? Does?
Sucks
Ben and his split my ass
I'm speaking of ass by the way
This is enough to rekindle my lust
A former member of the National Guard is posed in the nude for Playgirl Magazine
What he claims is an act of political protest
Former Henri Specialist Stuart Zemudio, a strikingly handsome man who spent six years in the military
And even appeared in a recruiting commercial, says eventually he began to feel he just didn't belong
I'll tell you one thing, he shaved his pubes
Isn't that sound a little bit gay?
Huh? It's all the way
We don't see his in this picture, I'll be sure to playgirl you will
Zemudio posed for Playgirl
I just thought they would all go get the pictures where?
Stuart Zemudio, ZAMUDIO
He said there's a restriction of what you shouldn't say and what you should do and what you shouldn't
Muti told ABC News
Zemudio posed for Playgirl where he's nothing but an American flag they feel very shoulders
I want to change the meaning of what the American flag is to the people he explains, whatever that means
According to ABC Zemudio says he also got naked to show his disgust for the Patriot Act
Which he says strips away Americans freedom
Do you go, Stewie?
However, another veteran interviewed by ABC found the photos and insults for the military
It's a dishonor to everybody else in the service Craig Northacker told ABC, well too bad
Zemudio, who now appears to be pursuing a modeling career
Gay! Was previously involved in controversy when he advised last fall that people don't join the National Guard as long as George Bush's Commander in Chief
Ask yourself if President Bush was a soldier today and the company commander right in your unit whom you trusted with your life
And he laid you in the battle in a rat couple of weeks before or three or your buddies were killed
Would you trust him with your life in another battle?
Would you honestly follow a leader who's failed time and time again?
One right-wing blog called Zemudio a traitor for those comments
And there's a video for ABC News
I don't want to see the... well, and there's the picture
Good looking guy, great body
Where's the picture? You got him?
No, no
Why not?
But I'll keep looking
What do you mean they're not out there yet?
You know, we get them if they're out there
You said it pretty cocky the way you said it like, oh you'll see
What did you say? You remember what I said?
Pretty arrogant
With all due disrespect when it's a picture of a woman, you know, it's out there right away
But when it's some faggy thing they take their sweet time
I got news for he ain't no faggy thing
Well, he may be, but I mean
He's a reese all man
If you catch my dream
He's a man, manly man
Uh-huh
We got the 96 votes on the new poll
That was pretty quick, look at these split
Speaking of banana split
Well, a veninjury is it just brings a tear to my heart
And even, I tell you what else I can find is that
Them, uh, hoggadazz banana nut
That was good stuff
It's a good thing I can't find you
You are a banana nut
A pie today keeps your good health away
I am so hooked on ice cream man
And candy, I also had a score bar yesterday too
Get help, get some like SDO or B
What are you talking about?
For your addiction, so it doesn't count
Let me dig to Azucar, man, QAM
Hello, are you threatening the great one?
WDQYM, hello
I'm at Homo D Po, do you want anything?
WDQYM, hello
Hey Nell
Yes sir, that's Homo Furipoli, you forgot Nancy Grace
Ah!
Oh my god, if I could only vote 10 times, there's so many on here, good one, thanks pala
Are you causing me?
No, sir, wait!
No, sir, mother, asking, wait
Ah I like that
SQL
Yeah, SQL, uh, chicken egg
Look at that, Russia's leading the pack this time, of course it's still early
We only got about 100 votes
Nancy Grace, you got around there
Yep, how come she was not on the other one?
Well, you know, that was years ago when we did this the first time.
No, Nancy Grace.
Where the hell was it?
Oh, Rosie, Rosie O'Donnell.
She won a hands down your pants.
He's a week third right now.
Rush was second, but he's winning now.
He's got 18.
That's because he's got all those Republicans out there crossing over to vote for Swirli
and screwed up in Diana.
The exit poll showed that he didn't have the influence that he claims he did,
but he had an ill.
She only won about like 20,000 vote.
You know what I'm saying?
So did you find Stuart Zimbabwe,
or you yet make a good time?
The playgirl pictures aren't out there yet.
Oh, come on.
Come on, man.
Let's go to the junkyard.
Q-A-M-L-O.
Hey, is it okay to talk horses?
Talk horses, what does that mean?
Well, on the end of the Earth's surface, their legs aren't strong as the mirrors,
and that's why they're popping legs.
Yeah, is the mirrors?
Where, yeah.
Where are the males?
Oh, there.
Do you think there's any creed for that?
I haven't got any idea.
I'm not an equine expert.
Have you seen where a lot of Phillies break their legs?
I saw how about Ruffian in the match race against Foulish Pleasure?
That's the former time, man.
I'm just telling you, it was a tragic.
Ruffian was one of the greatest Phillies of all time, and they got greedy,
and they had this $1 million match race against the cold Foulish Pleasure,
and she broke down and they had a destroyer.
Maybe something to it then.
Yeah, okay.
Don't be doing any more of that Phillies against the boy.
The girls are against the boys, and the winning colors won, and genuine race.
Yeah, big deal.
It's all about money, man.
That's what it's all about.
But also the pity people make me sick to my stomach.
Like I said, the other day, sure.
Horse racing, there are accidents.
Horses have to be destroyed, they die.
And like with cars, there are accidents, and people get killed,
and smash each other up, and hit pedestrians, and stuff like that.
Or smash the car off the curb, and screw up the alignment on the steering.
I said the Paco, I said, you hit that curb so hard, not only you mess up the alignment,
but also the steering wheel, and he said the what?
Oh yeah.
Did you hear what I just said?
Yeah, I heard you.
The steering wheel.
Yeah.
And I tried to explain to him, you know, that thing that you turn and makes the car turn, you know?
We're going to have to teach you some survival Spanish.
See, in Mexico, the burrow didn't have a steering wheel.
A steering wheel, no.
Love brake, or in a cylinder.
It was a stick shift.
That's right.
You used to make it go with a stick, you whack it.
Wait, this is the stick.
On the left side, if you wanted to go right, and now that's correct.
That's correct.
What's the steering wheel?
I told you this is the first time you ever got in that car, he said to me,
which one, which pedal is to make the car stop, and which one is to make it go?
Should've let that slide by himself.
Oh my god.
I'm like a friend.
Should've let him find out by himself, what would've been more fun that way.
Yeah, right.
It's the new trial and error.
Let's see what you're going to do.
Thank you.
2 a.m. Hello.
Hey, good afternoon, Neil.
Yes sir, great.
Look, I know that though recently for this or anything, but I have been looking at yourself
for a couple of weeks.
Can I overheard somebody talking to you or doing a contract extension?
Or that's true, you're staying longer.
Yes.
Oh, it is excellent.
I love your show, man.
5 more years, man.
I love you, baby.
Okay, baby.
Yeah, I'll be 110 by the time.
I told you I would croak on ear, and people thought I was joking about that.
I don't joke about croak.
Oh, there's swirly.
Car tell.
That has nothing to do with a free market.
But can the US really do anything to break the oil cartel?
Most experts say, good luck.
Here's why.
The US would have to increase its own production and cut consumption to have any meat.
See, that's such a bunch of crap because guess what Canada's got that the US doesn't?
You know what?
A whole lot of oil.
Do you think that means bargain prices here?
No, you know what's like reminds me of orange juice.
When you think that orange juice would be cheaper and Florida than it would be anywhere else because that's where most of the oranges come from Florida, California.
But they're not.
But it isn't.
It ain't.
It's called the red.
It's called whatever the consumer will bear, the rape of the public.
That's what they're going through right now.
How high can, how much can they steal before the public finally resist and they start not driving anymore?
Or they start shooting people with the rags on their heads or gases or or with gas in their car.
And the opposite thing, we were having a discussion about you can't siphon gas anymore the way you used to.
Right.
Or anyway.
Or anyway, there's no way to do it.
That is correct.
Well, that's your scoos up all my plan.
If the buy-back now is here, the budget is 4.50 QAM.
Big fourth leader.
You call this big market radio?
You've seen him on Channel 7 news.
First, as a tube-it reported.
Now, as a tube-it anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Febaker and Mary Kay combined.
Rick Sanchez sings.
Here are the dulls and tones of the men who brought you crunch-check.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez el Ranchero standards record pir gigs.
Don't miss Rick Sanchez in his pasty face tour over Hylia.
It's one show you all want to miss date for a good one.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Rick Sanchez, you love his audience.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
Oh, God!
So anyway, we better get him on a poll.
How could we forget Ricky Tiggy Sanchez?
Oh, yeah.
There was a bad oversight in our part.
So thanks to George for sending me those clips.
He's a good looking guy.
I'm going to post that video as a comment on your Myspace.
So that other people want to enjoy those videos?
Yeah, it's good.
It's I was watching it during the break.
I didn't listen to the audio.
It's apparently the National Guard or somebody put an enlistment video on there,
and this is his response to it.
Good. Good for you, Stewie.
You go, baby.
At the end of it, though, he opens his mouth.
We are wide.
Looks like the experience.
Yay.
Oh, brother.
You don't mind me by that?
I'm sure you do.
It's from a freighter.
Well, Russia is running away within our poll.
Although Billow is a moving in the second place.
Good old Billow.
That fascist piece of turd.
That heavy breathing jackass.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Come on.
Let's get these phones smoking here today, baby.
Let's hop on it.
If we can make it through today, that'll be one solid week.
We got back here with the phones.
Won't that be great?
And then, of course, one day next week we can take a poll.
And what do you think of the cars?
And then the choice will be, oh, they really suck or they're great or, you know, like that.
You just have to play it by a year, man.
That's all you can do.
Now, do the clearance ever get us those Hispanic numbers from the last book?
No.
Why not?
Is he still here with the door closed?
Chris, I don't know how to check.
Well, go pound on that door.
Bang on it.
Okay.
Take a two by four and just ram right through that door.
And when you see him in the chair, there's something behind it.
Just keep going.
This ram right through his head might not sense into him.
Have I chanted who might have tried to fix me that information?
But you know what he won't be able to?
I mean, email it to me?
Yeah.
I give you a clue.
Yeah.
But you know something, I can live without it.
It's a small price to pay to get rid of him to block a fat boy from bugging the crap out of me.
Go away fat boy.
I guess he's going to come and see us the next Saturday.
Who?
Who used to work here and I worked across the street named Miguel.
Oh, okay.
WQAM, hello.
Hi.
QAM.
QAM, hello.
Hola.
Billy.
Yes, sir.
The man, the legend.
Yeah.
George.
The queen.
Can I get a double-bong hit before I speak to Neil?
No.
Hey, Neil.
I was hearing about your poll, of course, and how could we overlook Rick Hentchis?
He's like the word.
That's right.
We just put him on there.
I was foreign between O'Donnell and Matthews.
I was glad to see NBC.
I like Jim Kramer.
I like Mark Mark II Romo.
I think they're, you know, she's a fox.
Aaron Burne.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Aaron Burne.
We're going to Barthoromo is a fox?
Aaron Burne is a fox as well.
Oh, my goodness.
And you see them both.
Oh.
And we have Barthoromo.
She's not big enough.
Even a public thing.
I saw bags that dig under those eyes.
No, I've got the money now in the financial markets.
And I'm sorry to hear that you quit through a bet.
I'm not a bad experienced.
You know, free advice is very expensive.
And, you know, objective.
Can you get any free advice, believe me?
Well, Jim Kramer, I agree.
He could be a little, what's that called?
Idiot.
Irresponsible.
Yeah, very, he could be a very irresponsible.
I like his ideas.
I like his strategies.
I like what the Hillary is talking about.
The windfall tax.
You know, big oil company should be part of the solution.
You know, gas prices.
High gas prices.
You know, Bob was talking about that too about a windfall tax.
But not about this phony rebate.
And that's what's going to rebate it.
And Pelosi wants another one too, by the way.
And of course, there's another sick bitch.
We've had low prices, low oil prices for a long time.
Now we're going to a price adjustment.
$8.
We're going through a price adjustment.
At a boy, pal, I have a great life.
Get out of my face and get out of my space.
We're going through an adjustment.
You see where he's coming from?
Yeah.
He's an owner of his bastards who's probably profiting.
He's got all that oil stock, you know.
Profiting from our misery.
The first of all, the idea that the earth's resources should be up for grabs to the highest bidder.
That whole concept is totally bogus.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, what do you like about the earth?
What?
You like that concept if you're rich.
If you're fat rich?
Yeah.
Let's see how that thing is doing right.
It's changing.
It's really spastic, by the way.
Now have you ever wondered that?
What?
Well, the dollar's down to 114 point.
Not good today.
Oil, $124.4.81.
A dollar, 12 today.
And briefly, over $126 a barrel.
They've got us over a barrel, all right.
And this guy, he's got his ass up in here, like Stuart Zimudio.
Yeah.
We're supposed to be real happy with these investors who are like, you know,
flasing us, making money off of our misery.
Right.
Off the poor sluckers out there have to drive to work everyday.
And of course, off the poor people have to buy groceries, which now because of increased transportation
costs, the price of everything is doubling and tripling eggs and bread and milk and all
of these things.
And of course, the airlines are going bust like one or two every week because they can't afford to fly anymore.
But it's a dish that's making a natural adjustment and we've been blessed with low prices.
Yeah, right.
Cox, I'll hoist you, Jackass.
Maybe you can look with Jim Kramer.
Wtf QAM, hello.
I can't wait to meet you.
Somebody QAM, hello.
I'm Jack.
QAM, hello.
Yeah.
Hey, no, this whole thing is.
But what I'm trying to say is I hope that this doesn't go the way it did with Gour and Kerry,
but it didn't open their mess.
Yeah.
By the way, we are a point out that over a quarter of the people in Indiana and North Carolina voted against Sean McKinney,
even though he's basically unopposed.
They voted for my Cucumberian, they voted for Ron Paul and they voted for none of the above.
And over a quarter of the voters, even though he's like, you know, the arrow apparent.
The arrow apparent.
Wtf QAM, hello.
I have you, Manny.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm just wondering, I'm listening to the Hillary Clinton and I guess you reaffirmed that the Americans aren't really dumb people.
And they were fooling people like George Bush.
I mean, how do you describe the humans, don't you? And right, meet them.
They're not right, but they're still dumb.
And what are you?
I'm Canadian.
Yeah, you're Canadian, my ass.
I'm telling you, we're up on the bad board.
Get out of here.
With an accent like that, where are your people from?
Down in the islands.
Which island is that?
Trident.
Trident in Tobago.
There you go.
Okay, I'll send you some stamps.
Oh, I dropped all my stuff under four, oh, geez.
He grew up on the Danforth where they have the taste of Toronto.
They have all these, you know, once a year.
All these tasty things.
A lot of tasty things here.
Oh, my God.
There's a slot, a slit between the bottom of the board and the front.
You know, I mean, there's like a slot there.
Yeah, all of the damn stuff I had in my pile is, as soon as he said that,
I have one of those slots also.
Do you really?
All my stuff, one, plunging through there.
Happens all the time.
We see that because I was thinking about Ricky Tiki Sanchez, now obnoxious he is.
Did we get those numbers by the way from Clarence?
Clarence came in and said that he has a meeting to go to.
And what does that mean?
So he might not get that to you by the end of the show.
What about tomorrow?
How would that be?
Saturday.
Yeah, about Monday.
How about whenever we do a show again?
That's what he said.
Why did he actually hear that I wanted the stuff or did Chris go tell him?
I think Chris wasn't told him.
Because he has nothing to do with the show.
No, why would he?
Because we're not talking about sports, sports, and the best talent.
You don't think the largest sport like your 5.50 QAM.
The sports leader.
It's been about 30 years since his last pubic appearance,
before itching a plane to Canada to escape the Florida River.
But now, after discovery, the Canada dry soda is actively made in Plano, Texas.
Neil Rogers is back Saturday, May 17th.
See Neil Rogers and George Rodriguez live at Gulfstream Park in Casino,
in prestigious Howendale, 3-5 pm during the pre-CNASIMAL CAS.
Free Neil and George T-shirts and posters will be given away.
It'll fast as you can in a dry cycle race to win an Orlando weekend get away.
This could be your last chance to see the man who lives in Canada,
yet gravely chooses to eat microwavable bacon.
Nootness, Neil Rogers and George Rodriguez, Saturday, May 17th, 3-5 pm at Gulfstream Park in Casino.
You were still in Miami Florida.
Here's what's happening today, just for you.
At your Community Mind Inc. 560WQA,
I want you to know what's happening all week long, right here in Miami,
starting this Saturday, the retard parade sponsored and led by the Miami City Commissioners,
then become a sacrifice, and Kayojo has angry Cubans offer you what the Chupa Habra.
The laugh at the homeless tour featuring misery, starvation and other maladies under the 395 overpass,
plus his leave at 9 am from the Burned Out section of Liberty City.
Don't miss the Miami-Take Police Bravo Fest Benefit,
and the grand opening of the new smack-added methadone center.
All this and more in the bedroom town of the world.
It's great to be in Miami.
Oh yeah, better you than me, 1230-560WQM,
go see George tomorrow from 2-4.
At the Comp USA 1740 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale.
When Miguel, by the way, wants to make sure that we bring the wheel to Gulfstream.
Next week, spin the wheel.
Spin it.
And where was it?
That was at the Seminole at that time in Holland?
Yeah, oh yeah.
Can we spin the wheel?
And we want to spin it again and again until you give us something for free.
Remember electric wheelchair guy knocking off all the chairs to get to our table?
Oh yeah!
That was getting to get in his way.
He was in a big hurry man.
He was under a lot of pressure.
Look at that phone.
Did his adornale?
Well, we're getting going again.
Who's the all-time TV personality you dislike the most?
Well, this poll is going to go over bigger than Mary Tallahmore this week and we have already got 163 votes.
That's pretty impressive, Chris.
Mm-hmm.
For a putz like you.
Huh?
Rush Limbaugh 34.
Bill O'Reilly 19.
Rosio Donald.
14.
Dennis Miller 8.
Ben Stein 8.
Crazy Person.
Dr. Lewis Lesson Year 7.
Pat Robertson 7.
O47.
Jerry Fowlball 6.
Paulie Shore 5.
Star Jones 4.
Larry King 4.
Huh?
Ricky Tiki Sanchez.
He just won honor.
He's got three already.
He's moving up the ladder fast.
Ketely Gifford 3.
Nancy Grace has got a pair.
Tammy Fe Baker 2.
Judge Judy's got 2.
Heral Go 2.
Bob Costas 2.
David Spade 2.
And Jerry Spinger 2.
One each for Jim Kramer.
Gray Coleman.
Monthle Williams.
Tom Greenfield Margin.
Roamorton, Downey Jr.
Gilbert Godfrey.
Don Eimes, Matt LaBlanc.
Robert Novak.
Fran Dresher, Denani.
Arsini O'Hall.
Emile Emre LaGassie.
Martha Stewart, Sarah Jessica Parker.
Howard Stern, Sally Jessie.
She's on the twice, isn't she?
Or did I dream that?
I don't know.
I thought I read it twice.
Well, whatever.
Barbara Walters and Brian Cumberleys have won.
And none yet for Ed McMahon.
Bobby Banks, Ronful Peale.
Charles Rudin, Greta Van Sustrin.
Dick Vitell, Jim Graymore.
Public Guilty Gulberg, Maria Bartoromo.
You're so lovely.
You're a Fox Maria.
Oh, the guy that said that's a jackass.
That's the one that was given us a song and an answer about the price of oil and stuff.
Idiot.
Either that maybe is blind.
Miss God, Ben Iceite.
She is so meus.
Oh, you're so lovely today, Maria.
Chris Matthews.
Drew Goulders.
Too many here.
Everybody else got none.
I could read all those stupid names.
There are, as you know, there are guys like that.
Yeah.
Both gay and straight.
A lot of gay guys.
Anybody that's got a f***ing of those.
Oh, my God.
He's hot.
He's like that.
And then with the chicks.
Oh, Maria, she's a Fox.
She belongs on Fox.
She's evil.
She's one of the evil doers on the gambling channel.
And they're always peddling, man.
They're always selling.
Oh, it's a buying opportunity.
It's a buying opportunity.
Oh, and there's that bitch with the 18-nose drop.
Old grain supply, demand, and the reason.
And the question is, given the food for the short years.
She says that we've had around the globe.
And she's had like 45 joys for a nose job.
And she still gruesome.
I can't think of that.
Oh, she's a Fox.
Anything with a skirt on, man.
Any, any, any, any human being, it's got a f***ing right.
A Wayne Jaina.
Men not interested in sex as the telegraph UK.
Well, increasing numbers of middle-aged men are going off sex
according to relationship experts.
I can relate to that.
I don't know.
I'm not really not sure.
Maybe I'm just not having any is that the deal,
but I would still like to.
Yep.
I see people that would buy an air every time I go there.
I'm thinking, oh, especially like young Asian guys.
They'll get you some.
They are so...
Well, what does anything go get you some sex?
They'll get you some sex.
Well, it's not like I walk out on a street corner here
and just grab some guys.
Hey, you want to go, you know, I live up here in a
depolitional place.
One goes to my goods.
Yeah, that's exactly.
But that might work.
It might work.
It might work.
That's right.
I tell you I run a jump shop.
Yeah.
I come to my junk.
I've got a tuk-tuk full of junk.
Puk.
Counseling and sex therapy cheerity relate.
It says it's seen a 40% increase in men who simply can't be bothered
to make love to their wives and partners.
Well, that doesn't mean that I'm interested in sex.
That's right.
Different kind of a deal.
That's right.
I know it is.
The findings are a world away from just 10 years ago when hardly any men
contacted them with a loss of libido.
The main sufferers who call itself blind with a problem are generally aged
between 30 and 50 in our married.
About 30 men.
Oh, well, that married part.
That screws it all up.
Sure.
Peter Bell relates had a practice that said men used to come to us with
impredence, now known as erectile insufficiency, but a viagra
assorted some of that problem.
Well, we have a lot of men who say as women did in the 50s, I can have sex,
but I don't want to.
It's not rewarding.
I don't want to.
I don't want to.
It's not rewarding.
It's a serious issue with counts as a psychosexual dysfunction rather than
just a relationship problem because these men haven't simply gone off their
partner but all sex altogether.
Changing sexual roles for men and women and increasing rates of depression among
men could be some of the reasons behind the change he added.
Professor Michael King of the Royal Free and University College Medical School in
London has completed a study in a mental illness across six countries which found that the rate of
major depression in Panic syndrome was highest among men in the UK.
But you know something, if you're a paciface, you'd be depressed too.
With teeth like that.
Oh, my God, with those yellow teeth.
And if you have to like bow down to a queen.
Yeah.
Most, it says men are most likely to suffer depression between the ages of 30 and 50.
One of the explanations is that men are less able to talk about their problems than women
or express their emotions.
It puts the emotion in the basket.
Oh, there's that group ball.
Also approving.
17 hand on here.
I'm sure you'll get it.
I'm going to change it.
Plus vote.
It's like a baby.
And maybe I'm going to go do a out TV.
You know, we have a gay channel here.
That story you were just reading.
Let's say that it is.
What was the line and rewarding me because I look forward.
I'm an artist who needs to sell my music.
I get that feeling from you.
Honestly, I use out TV, a gay channel.
But right now, they're just kind of bunch of stupid people sitting around talking.
I don't want to see that.
I want to see some flesh.
Well, after reading that story, you're right.
We need a little bit of stimulation.
You don't need it because you're always like on edge.
I was just going to say.
Because you're just mirrored and he ain't doing nothing.
He's going to be rewarding.
You can be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
You can't be real.
Oh, no, this is not what I wanted.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Oh, you have to tell me how to do it.
Now 58,800.
Where have all the listeners gone?
Oh, what God name?
The best talent.
You know what this is, the life of a lady.
4.560 QAM.
This is a world-fork leader.
The best talent.
The best talent.
This is a world-fork leader.
Randall Simmons is a real Geico customer,
not a paid celebrity.
So to help us tell his story,
we hired an actual celebrity.
Barack Obama's pastor, Jeremiah Wright.
I was in my car headed out on a date
when I had my accident.
Exit him to it was no accident.
Not a thorough blackmail in this contract.
I called Geico and right from the start
I couldn't believe how helpful they were.
Oh yes, they want you to believe.
But I never believe the white man or no.
Geico got me a loader car
and actually called ahead to the restaurant
and explained why I was late.
I was still waiting on an explanation
on explanation of how come racism in this country is still exist.
The explanation of how a black man has never been the president.
The cannot get it even.
Geico, real service, real savings,
real insane celebrities.
12.45, I see Clarice wrote on the bottom of these pages.
It says, all the Jews moved away.
That's why you got an audience left.
That is Clarice.
So I want to go find a reason that meeting now.
So we went to go find him for what?
To see if he could possibly run the same thing
but meant 2554.
Well, what difference does it make?
These numbers are so sad.
But he did rub it in by including the fall numbers.
Now, how do we do in the fall compared to...
I see that the Waxi dropped dramatically
like in Hispanics.
They had 16,700 in Hispanic human default
and now down to what?
Where the hell is it?
In 2008, not so great.
Oh, there it is, 9800.
What are the numbers again?
1670, they dropped almost half of their Hispanic audience in Waxi.
Whereas we went from 20,100 to 158.
So we dropped about a quarter.
Our Hispanic listeners out there.
What are they listening to?
You know what they're listening to?
I do.
Radio Mam B.
And WHDR, which I don't know what that is.
That's not an effect.
Radio Amor, Radio Romanceia.
WSMEGMA.
What's WMGE?
See, I don't know what these call of is or anymore.
Which one did that used to be?
I don't know.
I don't know either.
It's been a long time.
Google it.
Find out what the frequency is.
Chris WMGE FM.
SMEGMA.
Where have all...
Oh, TomPain.com.
I don't know how to interest you.
Go away.
They bother me.
I should block that, shouldn't I?
That's a mega.
Mega, which is what?
Spanish.
Spanish, yeah.
And what is?
Yep.
Well, no wonder they got the 95.3% of their audiences
and no speaking English.
What do they do now?
Let's see what they're doing at Scare America.
Oh, she's not there anymore, but she was during the book.
W-I-N-Z.
Are they even on here?
Did they even make the cut?
I know Mr. Ego Station doesn't show up on any of these things.
W-W-N-N-L-O-W-L-L-U-Z.
They don't exist.
What am I looking for?
I don't see it.
Oh, there they are.
I don't see it.
Mid-day, they had 14,400 Hispanic.
We had 15th...
We'd be in my little bit.
But Black!
Listers, they had 11,700.
How do they do that?
They just about doubled our Black audience a midday on Scare America.
I don't know.
What do they got on a midday?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I think they're leaving.
Take it or leave it as right.
That's the guy from the fan.
I should go over there to the fan.
And then put me on the air.
I hire me because I like that Bob was his name guy.
Remember that call me the other day?
Yeah.
Idiotic.
But that's the way people think.
Well, that's fairly interesting, not spectacular.
Although our cum graph by 50%.
That's because none of our people got the diaries.
I'm convinced of that.
I don't really believe this book.
No.
At all.
Now what about hot 105?
They'll have this grotesque distorted.
What about the coast?
Yeah.
Take a look at that.
What about WFLC FM?
Huh?
The FAMA.
The coast.
I want to take a puke at that and see what's going to.
I can't find it.
Well, there it is.
77,600 Hispanic.
57.4% of the audience is Hispanic.
You believe that?
No.
10,100 Black listeners.
There's a cum for the coast.
And what about hot 105?
They must have like 40 million listeners.
I don't see it.
WHQT.
You see it?
No.
I'm looking for it.
I don't see it.
Light.
Oh, what the bottom of the first page.
Oh, there it is.
Hot 105.
Very few Hispanic.
57,000 Black.
102,000 cum.
Yeah.
Well, that makes sense.
It's 30%.
But EDR had 117,000.
Just that they listened for a long, long time.
They had a lot of wire diaries, baby.
Lots and lots of wire diaries.
They listened like 24, 7.
They listened to 44, 8.
You know what I mean by that?
It's like back in the day when there used to be some Hispanic station on.
It was unlike one of those daytime stations from my son up till sundown.
From like 6am to 6pm.
And the people would get the dire.
I think it was WRHC.
And then we'd get the dire reason.
They would put on their listening till midnight.
Even though they were on the air at midnight.
Ditto, ditto, ditto, ditto, ditto.
They were the original ditto heads long before fat rush.
Somebody QAM research, hello.
Oh, yeah.
I know that.
This is always a traditional show killer.
And you don't like talking about it.
So I'd like to think about it.
God, what are wires?
I'd play something else,
but you always small on me, okay?
70 QAM, hello.
Flyers are mediocre at best.
QAM, hello.
Hola.
I know.
Yes, sir.
I think the reason the coast is so well with the addition of the fabulous Kay Walker.
Kay Walker, yeah.
He puts everybody over the top.
I think it just get boat camper on now.
They have double digiters.
That's it.
Double digit with the midget.
That's your, that's your just slogan.
That's him and that Jan Murray guy.
I'm going to go around the country after a Joe Bell stuff stab you in the back.
And they're going to have a promotional campaign to get to your john.
Get double digits when you hired the midget.
There you go.
You like that?
I'm trying for you, man.
I'm trying for you.
Here's Barack Obama.
Now, I know that if you listen to Washington pay attention to the punks,
you hear a lot about how divided we are as a people.
He's in birth.
That's not why I've never traveled across this country.
Everywhere I go, I've been impressed by the values and the hopes that we share.
Whether in big towns, small towns among men, women, young, old, black, white,
Hispanic, Asian, gay, straight.
That people really, you didn't really say gay or straight today.
Hey, uh oh.
WQAM, hello.
How's it going?
Okay.
And I got a radio question for you.
I have three AM stations all across WFPL and they get away with that.
Beats me.
Yeah.
I got a question for you.
How can three stations with the same call letters have combined have a point here, no audience?
Well, I'm good to meet them.
They got D-Fall, one.
They got joint.
The ultimate.
Yeah.
And the Matt, the other one is off the mat.
Okay, we'll say hi to Mepho.
Good old Mepho.
One thing about Mepho, we know.
It's for sure.
Yeah, he's really good at that.
Getting like numbers like that.
Oh, and Steve Lapa that he works for, he's real good at it too.
Nice going Steve.
A great combination man.
Words of a feather lose together.
Not that we have any thing to talk about after this, you know, but it's one book.
See, if somebody gets like a kiss in a book and they get a big book, it never impresses me.
One book doesn't prove anything, you know.
You've been on the air for a while and you keep bringing it back.
Most of the time you do really well, then must be an audience.
Am I right?
Yep, of course.
Hey, we had one book in a row, that's what you know.
WDQ-AM, hello.
Q-AM, hello.
Hello, true.
Yes sir.
How are you Neil?
Very good.
These gas pipes are absolutely killing me.
I'm still trying to round looking for that place to buy.
I'm a Neely D-shirt.
Yeah.
weren't you impressed?
I am.
I'm seeing another one there.
The second technique there in the beginning, the fact that it took him so long to find a catch on.
That should have alerted me, you know, even though he sounded.
See, this is what kills me about all the four devotional count.
No, they should never count.
They should never count.
Not just in this election, not just in the primaries, they shouldn't count period.
WDQ-AM, hello.
Hello, I'm Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, how's it going?
All right.
I'm watching a cop probably yesterday and it makes me think that one day I'll say last week,
it makes me think of your show how they want to censor all the little bits that you used to do.
I mean, A&E, it's okay to watch Paulie get shot in the back of the head.
And it's okay to watch Sonny get lit up by a whole bunch of bullets.
But God forbid, they show up alone in those area olas, you know.
So it's like, no, we can't show area olas, but we can watch people get murdered and shot in the back area.
And that's correct.
That is right.
So this is good.
New to be is bad.
Now you're catching on.
Absolutely.
Now I had a question.
I remember, I remember Jackson taking credit for Joe Rose's ratings back then.
And I was wondering, did the new ratings ever come in on his show first?
We can see where he actually stood at.
Jerks, he's got a 1-7.
Is that good?
It's bad.
It is.
Mimidy bad.
All right.
I have one more question.
No, ask me again.
Ask me again.
Is that good?
Ask me if it's good.
Is it good?
For him.
All right.
I have a quick question.
The 560 just not want to put George on the air because I love listening to George's show when you're out.
And I mean, let's say friends are like mad dogs not in a tool called why can't you just put George on the crowd?
Because they hate him.
Yeah, that's not cool.
That's not cool.
That's not cool.
All right.
You've been curious and you'll have a seat.
Let's go up.
The hit him.
That's why.
Yeah.
Oh, in addition to which it's going to be that time of the year anyway, it's just about a month away.
I'll be going on a summer schedule plus I got vacation.
I got two weeks vacation out of the next hour.
How many?
But the two jammed close together.
Mm-hmm.
That wasn't the planning by me, but you know what?
Too bad.
Yeah.
So you're going to hear a lot of George.
So if you like that, would you like an add?
Like an add.
Too bad.
Somebody sends me the scare America schedule.
That was the problem.
That would be me.
I'm somebody.
The Lionel Show 9.
I am the noon.
Lionel.
Oh my God.
Tom Hartman is on Noon 3.
Good old Tommy.
I used to be our friend who leans on against this.
American afternoon with revolving host Richard Belz, a joy Bay Harron, Reagan, and Roseanne.
Wow.
3 to 6 p.m.
The Rachel Maddow Show 6 to 9 p.m.
Well, she is annoying.
I'm going to tell you right now.
Keith Oberman hates her like poison.
She is annoying.
Clout with Richard Green from 9 p.m. to midnight.
Where is she?
She is not on her anymore.
I'm looking for her.
She is on another network that nobody ever heard of before.
The Goddess.
I listened to Neil.
I listened and I knew I was ready.
And in the Lionel Show we broadcast 2 to 3 in the morning because he is so damn good.
You pick his name.
The best town ever.
You pick your name.
You pick your name.
You pick your name.
You pick your name.
You pick your name.
You pick your name.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
I'm a nominon.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey, near what about Donald Trump for your phone call?
Donald Trump.
Okay.
You got it.
We're still looking for Jews, by the way.
For three hours now we found one, I think.
One or two that were arguing about the delis that are still left in town.
They're all gone.
Then it was the original.
The first one was a total fake with his hell.
What would he call it?
Halva.
Halva.
Yeah.
Halva.
Halva my ass.
Okay.
Fake.
There's nothing worse than, I think he's worse than the super orthodox.
I've faked you.
That's the worst.
Deputy QAM.
Hello.
You know, I'd like you to sign my CD.
Deputy QAM.
Hello.
Kevin Gail.
QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil.
I believe that Jesse Jackson's on him.
He's on the day of the INZ.
I'm looking over there.
Is that the air America schedule?
Yeah.
I'll put whatever they want on midday.
Someone to go look for INZ.
They could add me on him in midday, but they don't want to pay anybody any money.
So that's not going to happen.
So Fatboy does need to be a nut.
I've got him blocked anyway, but he needs to be sending him more emails.
Oh, I can't wait to start selling your show on WINZ.
And like I told everybody before, and I'll tell you again, he never sold a show when I worked at IOD.
He never sold a show when he worked at QAM.
And if I did go over there, he wouldn't sell it there either.
As long as I live, I'll never forget that diner.
It's a long since out of business.
I forget the name of it.
The diner he did sell, and they brought in food.
They brought in that wilted salivate.
The neilettis was brown, right?
Hopefully that was really the color of lettuce, and it wasn't like some, um,
some accoutrement on top of it.
If you catch my drift, it was brown.
Nice job there, Fatso.
Deputy QAM.
Hello.
Yo, Neil.
Yeah.
Living in breathing shoe, American within Israeli passport here, bro.
Oh, boy.
That may be an Israeli passport.
I lived over there for a really, really long time.
Uh, you know, got, you know, that's certain your army over there at all 90 yards after serving here as well.
Did you kill any ragheads?
Yeah.
Good.
George knows my house is covered with scouts.
No, seriously, I had to, but that was during the wartime.
We were attacked and we fought back.
I mean, what do you do?
You live back, right?
Time to go home.
Yeah, well, basically I am leaving on the 27th and not coming back and I will be listening to you on the Internet.
Excellent.
Yeah.
I mean, you'll be popular in Israel.
Are you ready?
Okay, zag is un-pally.
I have a great one, guys.
Okay, too.
I like that.
He's getting out of here.
He's going to Israel, well.
Oi!
Look out for the schmutz and the kaboots.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I can't believe this line 9.
QA M, hello.
Oh, God!
Yes, sir.
Shabbat Shalom.
Ah, I'm back to you.
That was it.
Shabbat Shalom and that was it.
That was his immaterial.
Good job, Miss Pally.
In a few hours.
You're going to be lighting the candles tonight.
It's Friday.
I am.
It's Shabbat.
I'm going to do it all.
I'm going to light candles and eat fish.
Well, I sure hope that I can find them.
Now, what was the name of that place?
The best deli in an plantation?
I don't know.
On university somewhere.
I'll find it.
Although, I don't think I'm going there.
I think I'm going to try that place in...
...aventura.
Now, where's it again?
Prominent shops?
That's where I think.
What's the address?
I think there was some...
Prominent shops.
That's not my territory.
What?
Is it like 202?
Something that was the actual...
203?
203?
I will send you a Google map,
but it'll be really easy to find.
Really?
203?
In their menu, looks like I'm a potato pancakes and
kishki and maybe even some griveness.
Oh, I'm going to feel so Jewish by the time I got out of that place.
What's the name of it?
Famous?
Got it.
Deli.
Oh, you know, the new famous deli?
Something like that.
Disgul, the famous deli you have in sure it will be right there.
I'm on it.
Let's look at the actual...
I don't want the WYNZ skids.
Why are you sending this to me?
The Stephanie Miller show.
Nine to new.
Next.
Tom Hartman, new to three.
He's a good guy.
This is old.
Anyway, it's got the goddess on here.
Three to six.
He's not on there.
No, but...
She still is.
From what Bokobryan says.
He's still on what?
Oh, I'm on I&Z.
He's still on what?
I thought this was...
Oh, I see.
The other one was the Scare America schedule.
And this one is the I&Z schedule.
So I&Z puts Nicole Sanders on 6 to 9 in the morning and then Stephanie Miller.
And Scare America has got Lionel on there.
So I&Z puts...
He puts a sheep's face on 6 to 9 at night.
Oh, my God.
No under I&Z is just a total loss.
A total loss, you idiots, of Cheap Channel.
Everything they touch turns to crap.
And the excuse, you know, for what's his name?
Steve Lapa.
They don't have any money.
They're excuses.
They're just cheap.
They're just cheap.
And they're butchers.
Everything they touch turns to Dreck.
Cheap Channel.
Humbman Dread.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Three, sir.
Are you sincere about needing a deli?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, Roadsters and Tone-Turists are their own state of college.
They're the only one who's been working for their own court.
Do you see more Caley?
Really?
Yeah.
It's not too far from my plantation.
It's I-75 in Sheridan Street by the Big Theater.
Oh, I can find that.
And they serve the huge sandwiches.
They have the old court piece of care pancakes.
Really?
So almost you can get my friend.
Okay.
And I'm Goryeum, but I'm kind of a convert because of you.
Okay, well, two regular dishes.
I'll pray for you.
Oh, teaching Yiddish to Goya, baby.
Oh, that's where it's at.
Roadsters and Tostas.
Now, with one Gabby force that it was written,
and somebody else called up who was all bent out of shape.
No, that's not the real thing.
That's not the amus, it's the, yeah.
Well, at least we're finding a few twos out of the world of work anyway.
I thought they all got chased out.
While those Brazilians that hang out of the sawgrass.
Now, the last time I went to the sawgrass,
and let me say again, that restaurant was mochotasuppointing.
And I can never, I'll think of it.
Let me do it on my own.
Cheesecake Factory owns it.
I can't do it.
What's it called?
Grandlucks.
Oh, Grandlucks.
Why do I have a brain fart on it?
I just can't, I've got a block on it.
Oh, that crack.
Crack, that must be, yeah, I have a crack problem.
Well, seriously, Grandlucks, very disappointing.
Big portions, appetizers in the soup who are great and the entree,
whew!
Not good.
Missed good.
Just because it's big doesn't mean it's good.
Believe me, oh, trust me, I can guarantee you that.
Just because it's huge doesn't mean it's going to be scrumptious and delicious and satisfying.
But that, of course, in Broward, you know, it's a big thing.
Wow!
I give a such wonderful portions.
They give us so much food, you know.
We can wrap it up and eat for five days.
Yeah, wonderful.
Good luck to you.
That's a hoist.
From what I said, I don't think I'm going to go there.
There are too many other good places to go.
Like that Myron Zellia Pompano Park.
See, I don't really want to gamble the Pompano Park because the machines are tied to the
misnared drum.
Now, when are you going to be a Gulf Stream again?
Before, I don't think you're going to be the Gulf Stream again.
Before, you are next Wednesday?
Well, when we go there, I'm going to say it again.
I'm going to give you the assignment.
Well, I'll check it out for myself.
I'm sure hope that they've got that he-ha.
Have you seen he-ha?
I have to see you show me those videos.
You know, he is.
He is.
He is.
Ha-ha-ha.
With the chickens, man.
I'm a pickin'.
With the chicken.
You'll be pickin' with the chicken just like him or he's chasing the chickens.
But what she catches it, she's going to choke it.
She could.
She's got the goods.
20 seconds to 15, 60, WKQM.
Six Friday, you bastard.
Live in Chicago.
Oprah.
All right.
I'm going to see the Arlen.
It's so great to be here as a transgender.
Now, when did you make the decision to be a woman of 2002?
You kept your reproductive organs because you thought maybe one day I'll meet them.
Absolutely.
Your gender told me to.
Now let's get to the penis.
I'd love to.
Oh.
Yeah, what's wrong with the picture?
You look like a man.
And I don't mind.
You don't mind me touching him.
No.
That is unbelievable.
I've never seen anything like that.
501 and 80 inches all the way around.
Obviously, I'm very proud.
Thank you for sharing your story again with us.
Thank you so much.
Bye everybody.
On the second worst news in the toasters, they're in Davy, 2-semit or fact.
I don't know what the one they were talking about.
That's why I was saying your plantation.
Okay.
And screw it up my computer now.
I can't get rid of this damn little screen in the middle.
Oh geez.
Didn't hear when that happens.
Yep.
I was just about waiting on the Adobe reader was coming up the menu.
But now I got rid of it.
Well, I'll find some good crap.
I'll find me some kishki.
And that's because there's still some good delis around the town.
Even though the old Jews were mostly the good ones out of business.
I see them all the silver.
Silver were in the ceiling.
I was sweet and low.
Stealing low.
Yeah.
The old guy that called me up about stealing the silverware.
And this guy was serious.
Why, why not?
Why not?
It's on the table.
Why can't we take a brick pan for the food?
I was at INC about 100 years ago.
Hopefully he's dead by now.
I'm sure he is.
He sleeps with the fishes now.
What is silverware that he stole?
Popper next was damn good.
Wolfies was excellent.
Went upon a time.
Not to run the Hollywood with the original ones.
Boy, they had a good, I know your objections and so do I.
Before they sure had a great banana split at Wolfies.
Wow.
Back in the day, there was nothing like going into a, like a niseneer is around.
Fire, one of those fire and dime places to the counter.
And getting a real, like we talked about, multi-milk sino and an anustereal container.
Or a real banana split would like, oh god.
And like a real cherry coke.
Remember that?
Yep.
We're like enough cherry syrup in there to make you just, your head swim.
To make you sick to your stomach.
It was so sweet and so good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon singular.
Wival sign.
You'll be pleased to know that ordering Chinese delivery today, okay?
Two o'clock?
I am pleased.
Then I make you happy, want and soup.
Nothing about Chinese food.
There isn't too much that's like real funding.
Unless you go with all the sugar, like sweet and sour.
Yeah, well, you could have that like, what is it?
The honey garlic chicken?
Ooh, I do like that.
In fact, I think I'm ordering that.
Honey chicken.
Get the chicken, honey.
How many QAM, hello?
I have an an.
QAM, hello.
QAM, yes sir.
Prairie Monde.
And radio Monde, C.
Almost asked.
Yeah.
Prairie QAM, hello.
Yep.
You think you got to call dinner about that, that's the place in Hollywood.
I got the jack ball, man.
That place is called it.
I lost your, I'm out of the jerk jack now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon singular.
Wival sign.
Jack Paul.
How many QAM, hello?
Hi, I just wanted to let you know, I'll call me out of that.
I go with my parents sometimes to Arnie and Richie's on 41st Street.
Yeah.
Just, you know, have you ever, have you ever been there?
Never heard of it.
I don't know if it's still called Arnie's on Richie's, but it's ridiculous.
In there for 15 years at least.
Let me say it again, never heard of it.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
So, every of it.
Do you ever hear of it?
What about you, Chris?
You ever hear of Arnie and Richie's?
Oh, no.
On Arthur Godfrey Road, I wonder if there's any other anti-Semite, take any of the Sims 3 stuff around the beach.
Henry Kimber, drive is very popular.
WQA and hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What do you think you'll be wearing inside his larger decor?
Oh, Chris, thanks you're fine.
WQA and hello.
Hi, Marie.
QA and hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Jewish Bikolium Geologist here, sir.
Oh, wow.
$180 a barrel.
That's what we're looking for.
That's what we're looking for.
What does that mean?
That's where it's going.
Oh, you know who else has to pull by the way George's Dr. Phil?
Oh, yeah.
Dr. Phil.
Go ahead, sir.
I'm sorry.
That's what they want is underneath, Dr. Biel.
That's just where it's going, Neil.
That's just the fact of life.
Based on what?
Based on the peak oil.
Where every barrel of oil that we found is more expensive than the last one.
The developed one.
Right, likely stories.
That way the profits are every year bigger than they were the way you're before, because it caused into more.
Well, we have a lot of Jewish people.
Yeah, we might ask it out of here.
Petroleum, Jim.
Vaselline expert is what he's talking about.
That's the kind of petroleum he's talking about.
Vaselline.
Welcome.
That's it.
$5.670560.560.
The Verizon singular.
Well, it's not a croissant.
It's always good to have a big jar of Vaselline if everybody's going to get raped, right?
Right.
Bring your own.
Femite QAM, huh?
That guy is a pain in it.
Femite QAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm a rule.
What do you think, sir?
Yes.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
$5.670560.560.
The Verizon singular.
How are we doing on this second pool now?
Don't forget Dr. Phil.
You got a mind-hurt?
Yep.
Dr. Phil McGraw.
I wonder if he's kind of Tug McGraw.
Didn't Tug McGraw die?
No.
We were the police pitch.
I'm not asking you, I'm asking Chris.
I'm really not sure.
I'm not sure.
I think you got a Google with Tug McGraw.
I think something happened.
How many died?
I could be wrong.
I mean, what do I know about such crap?
January 50, 2004.
Died.
Told ya.
He was the young guy and he died, Tug McGraw.
Maybe he did Roads or something, you think?
Maybe not.
Roads.
251 votes on the pool.
There's a whole bunch of people who haven't even votes yet.
Like, uh, Will Smith.
And Vince McMahon.
And Joan Rivers.
How could nobody vote for Joan Rivers?
I'm gonna hook his level of competition out here.
I was Dr. Philan, I don't see him.
Yeah, he's on it.
Where is he?
Can you get a vote?
First one at zero.
There is he didn't get any vote yet.
I see him.
Limbaugh 47, below 31.
Rosio Donald 26, Pat Robertson 14, Oprah 14.
I'll give you the double digit ones.
Dennis Miller, a dozen and NC Grace 10.
Half-fran.
Well, frame.
We gotta fight everybody, frame.
Hey, full nasty, phony, sour.
That's an NC Grace.
I'm telling you that headline news.
That's another example of how evil CNN is.
They put that Glenn Beck-Nazi on there,
and they put that bitch on there in NC Grace.
And they just evil people is what they do.
CNN is evil.
I would be surprised if they give the anti-Christ-eraan show.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Yes, sir.
I'm going.
So this question is bad.
I'm just forgetting for that.
Is 2J a good telly?
Yes, it is.
Very good.
Oh, good.
I did marry a good nice Jewish girl.
Well, good for you.
I think I put a little tongue there.
Okay.
I'll bet.
2Js.
I got the menu still right in front of me
from that reading good experience.
I had the first time them and I went back.
Whatever that...
I don't know what was ahead.
They didn't have it anymore.
Maybe that one changed ownership.
The one they were in the plantation shops there?
Got a hub.
It was like the 2Js, special at everything.
You know, like onions and shrooms and all kinds of good stuff.
They got a great menu, though.
I got a red in front of me here.
I'm not going to look at that.
It's making me hungry.
I'm eating Chinese today.
I'm going to eat real light.
Lighty, believe me?
No.
No.
Come on now.
I'm coming break.
I'm going to go take my blood sugar.
It's going to be like 400.
It's bad.
I'm telling you, man.
I have no idea how I can still walk or see.
Or like function or think or speak or any of these things.
Or a good way to lose weight, burn calories, is that so?
Oh, are you going to start with that again?
The odd tooth.
Why?
They're sure so.
We like looking at the camera.
They're all those Chinese Canadian guys.
Don't give it up yet.
What?
Life.
I'm not trying to give up on it.
I mean, you know, send what's his name up here?
Assignment degree.
Whatever that guy's name is from the residential garden.
Send his ass up here.
And the rest of them too.
The biggest name.
The best talent you've ever done.
The sport of your 560 QAM.
I think.
Fourth leader.
The Friday you bested.
The federal government just learned about those people's play.
Underwood are his fetishes of the most parties.
Brown offered no authority.
And mostly bring others to the democracy that crossed hundreds of lines.
My Brown.
There's no one left to blame.
I said, Brownie.
You're the government shame.
I said, Brownie.
The sugar rears up and blame.
There's no one.
I know who's more blame.
George Bush.
He'd never make him shut up before he says.
It was shoe wound messed up.
You can defend him.
But I'm sure you will find many.
Think that he should do time.
He's worried about his kid.
That person and his friend...
It's a backs up.
I started to mention that before that once a year, while I suddenly hear the
first beginning when he does that and I wonder one thing every time I hear him do that.
Why?
Why is it warning you that it's covered at you?
Oh, really?
He's decent enough to warn you.
Nobody can hear me.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes.
The speak the neal register.
Speaking.
The astronomy club in Waterhill.
Okay.
No.
I'm Adam Matheria.
Okay, thanks.
The astronomy club in Waterhill.
Well, that's not far from where I live, although in Waterhill.
Let's go to a Chuck Steakhouse in Waterhill, in 441.
It's not there anymore.
It's to be decent place.
Not like gourmet, not like Ruth Chris or Morton's or like that.
You know, it was pretty good.
You had a pretty decent piece of meat in there.
567.0560.5 and from what you're talking about, that's all weekend long.
That's what I'm going to be looking for.
Yups.
I'm going to make you proud this weekend.
It should be your hobby.
Your one and only hobby.
What are you talking about?
Well, I mean, until you get it, you know, down to a routine.
So when Simon would be coming?
Oh, he's on his way.
Somebody to QAM, hello?
I need a cab.
QAM, hello.
I need a cab.
QAM.
I need a cab.
QAM.
I need a cab.
QAM.
QAM.
I need a cab.
What's your major?
He has golf strips.
Really?
I'm an avid player and there's not a zero zip-hole.
And then one other thing.
At the final last year, I won over six figures last year.
I'm kind of usually addicted.
And most of the money that I won was at Poppano.
So you did.
I'm one.
I'm the Pipe Bell and Wheel of Fortune.
Get out of here.
Those pile of high-play those machines.
They're dinner that are freaking doormale.
Well, that's the name of Lincoln.
Right, but sometimes if you go there on a Friday or Saturday night,
when a lot of people are playing all the time,
they're hitting all the time, especially the wheel there.
It's now past 200,000.
And the five times pays a little bit better than the double-bime
and one.
But then in the back, in the very back,
they have the Poppano machines.
It's $10 a pool.
And then when you get the little dollar sign there.
And not only that, but the $5 machines
they have at Poppano, those little ones
are like, they're 15 bucks a pool.
Right, oh, well, those things are older than the Fuzle, man.
But they do pay off on any, on a given night.
Because like I said, that's where I won most of the money.
And the $5, five times machine, I did win $20,000
off the one time.
Really?
Yep.
And then the upstream was the worst for me.
That's just in a lot of time.
Yeah, OK, well, I'm sure they'll appreciate her in there.
And you like that?
Call us back when Poppano decides to spend $5
cents on his station run and show OK.
We'll say don't anymore now that they got that new regime
in there.
Those great robbers.
Ask the horseman about what they're doing to Poppano, OK?
But nevertheless, let's wheel a fortune machines
they had there.
I mean, it's just ridiculous.
But you'll see, I'll teach you the ropes.
Good.
And my best advice?
Some of the plan of stocks?
Don't.
That's it.
That's the exact word.
Don't.
How many QAM, how?
QAM.
QAM.
Yes.
Yes.
I can do it.
You can do it.
No.
Can't do it.
Just as well.
He don't want to.
He's gone.
32 A.M.
Hello.
No.
Yes.
It's usually star awards.
What?
The usually star awards are here.
Can you hear me?
It's Mel Gibson's.
Oh, yeah.
They now have another drink.
32 A.M.
Hello.
Hi.
I'm an old Jewish car.
32 A.M.
Hello.
Hey, new officer.
How are you doing, sir?
All right.
I'm a little long time caller.
Action.
Hey, new.
That bird, Jack, how to go?
Can I be true?
How can people listen to me?
What would be, it cannot be true.
It is true.
But I know the other times, but it can't be true on your
time slot.
I can't believe people would listen to a horse ball radio.
Well, I'm not saying that it's legitimate or that it was
accurate.
I'm just saying that's what the number was.
I can't.
I can't believe people like between the ages of 25 and whatever
are into like, you always say, man, pretty speed.
He is not like crap.
I can't believe it.
The world's going to hell in the handbag command now.
You got it.
OK.
All right, new.
Thank you, everyone.
Good luck to you, man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 0.
The last promo for George for tomorrow.
How long is that other thing going to go on at Harley thing?
I don't know.
There's 105 days.
That's not how long it's going to go on.
What was happening 105 days?
I don't know.
Oh, hey, George tomorrow will be at the grand reopening of the
4-loader real company USA 2 to 4 PM tomorrow.
Combine say hi.
Hi, George.
Hey.
Come back for great deals on that old boy.
If he comes by there and you don't kill him, I'm going to be
really pissed off at you.
Come back for great deals on electronic software and accessories
plus in your hourly giveaways and take advantage of unadvertised
specials to CompUSA at 1740 North Federal Highway 4-loader real
CompUSA is back and George will be waiting for it there 2
to 4 tomorrow.
And you have all those conversations with George
Authier that you want to have on to your when I'm here,
which I don't want to hear about.
Looks like it goes to August.
Well, what does that mean?
Well, the grand prize contest is August 2, 2008.
I see 105 days of it.
What about the QAM?
Hello.
What's the good name?
QAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hey, QAM.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
Hey, listen.
I just say it at a great place.
Bloodwuckers brand new on.
How many QAM?
Hello.
Bloodwuckers, yeah.
And he'll about the deli.
The guy who called in about the astronomy
called the modern hill.
Yeah.
That's on university just out of commercial.
The place is really good.
But when you walk in, you'll be the youngest person by 20 years.
Really?
That the food is good.
The astronomy, the brisk, really good.
Oh, you got fishkey?
They got fishkey.
All right, I'm on my way.
All right, man, take care.
Thanks.
All right.
I'm going to be feel like a teenager.
Of course, I always feel like a teenager.
You're going to come to South Florida.
Because even if you're 100, you're still young.
By comparison, everybody else around you.
The place where death is in the air.
You can smell it.
You can feel it.
It's palpable.
You can touch it.
Nobody QAM, hello?
Hello.
Yes.
Hi, is this Neil?
Speaking.
Hi, the roasters and posters are in Davie.
But they also are on the dolphins.
Telecasts when they're on.
The dolphins are on in this season.
Because I heard this thing from Joe Rose's, you know,
those roses commercial when the dolphins are on.
Well, what does that mean?
They're in Davie, but they're also on the dolphin's
telecast.
Well, what does that mean?
Well, how do you eat their food on the dolphin's
telecast?
No, what I'm saying, he advertises it on your station.
That's what I'm saying.
Well, I didn't know that.
Yeah, that's when I met.
And I listened to you all the time.
And I thank you guys for finding.
We are.
OK, thanks, Whitney.
You're welcome.
Bye.
We can just see us.
We're funny, all right.
A panic, a real panic.
Well, I'm getting all excited about Chinese.
How about the food?
No, not so much.
I mean, I think maybe this weekend,
versus one year I'm Chinese, when
it comes to their foes, we're all fortunate.
And mostly just stands around and watches.
Now, I'm just going to go up to him and just grab him.
Let's say watch this.
Yeah, can we give you a little spin?
278 votes on the pool.
Rush limbo off 50.
All time TV personnel, you dislike the most.
I should have put hate, despise, dislike.
It's kind of mild for South Florida.
Bill O'Reilly, 37, Rosie's got 30.
Cracklin' Rosie, Pat Robertson, 14.
Oprah Winfrey, 14.
Dennis Miller, 12.
Nancy Gracel and everybody else in the budget.
She may not have a job at Proxy Lucy High School anymore,
but all the publicity around the treasure
coats on the Keeney-Wary X Biology teacher
has landed an offer to appear in Playboy.
Tiffany Shepard, who said she lost her teaching job
because she also worked part-time as a Keeney-made
on Smokin' Him Charter's Fishing Tours.
She was smoking him, said Wednesday.
She's received lots of media attention,
including an offer from the magazine.
I'm still thinking about it,
it's a really big decision she said when we went to New York,
where she was taping an appearance on a morning news show.
Playboy was offering her $25,000 a picture,
also asked that her co-workers at Smokin' Him Charter
appear in the proposed photo of spread.
Spread him and say cheese.
Tayboy hadn't confirmed the offers of Wednesday afternoon.
Shepard has been in an action-lustin' sleigh,
they probably, when she learned that she would not be asked
to return to Proxy Lucy High,
nor would she finish the school year.
School officials said that Shepard asked her job
for missing more than 30 days of the academic school year.
Smokin' Him Charter's a Port St. Loosely-Based Company,
gave No. 1 in April when it was kicked out
of the Fort Pierce Marina for violating the city's
family-friendly atmosphere.
Among the Charter's options are the Keeney-clad girls,
some topless, who serve as first mates.
The next town, the city of Rogers,
Fort Leigh 5.6QAM.
The fourth leader, Manonio.
Welcome to another edition of Inside Light,
with Sportables.
Draced in nasal mist is our guest today.
Yelp, Trejo.
Would you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed
and worship you in every way
and base their intellect and entire existence
on your ability to catch a ball?
I don't know what I've been told,
but a big-legged woman ain't got no thought.
What you'd take on over and under
and the under of the over of the underwear.
I don't know what I've been told,
but a big-legged woman ain't got no thought.
And what you'd take on those rumors flying around
that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan
on those MCI spots,
and they say you're getting close to sign
in that contract, I don't know what I've been told,
but a big-legged woman ain't got no thought.
Tell us more about your charitable work
for underprivileged children,
helping to improve their mathematics skills
through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock.
I don't know what I've been told,
but a big-legged woman ain't got no thought.
We'll be back with more insight, lifeless, poor and whole.
Okay, I can't wait 145 at QAM.
For only 15 minutes, then we get that nice weekend
coming up, you know?
Although Georgia's got to work tomorrow if it appears.
That's all right.
He's getting paid for, he needs a casual event.
I gotta come to the bottom of there anyway.
I'm for your party.
Come up here and say I gotta pick some stuff up there.
What does that mean?
Supply, it's a computer store.
Guess what?
Got a lot of them at home.
Need new power cord, things like that.
Jean Lamar Dolman, a rancher national democratic committee woman
from Forsyth, Montana, tells the wrong story
that she's gonna give Senator Obama her super delegate vote
and explains why this county
much of the argument Senator Clinton's been using
to continue her campaign.
A local newspaper interview published in April
said that Dolman would endorse Obama
that she thought was this was her formal endorsement
of the Illinois Senator now.
When you're in college and you read Tito's philosopher,
King, you think, yeah, that's what I want in the leader.
Somebody who can lead in the United States
and I'm not sure Hillary can, Valman said, she's smart.
She's capable, but I don't say she can unite us
and that's why I'm doing Barack Obama my super delegate vote.
She said when I told you Obama campaign back in April
that I wouldn't endorse him, I wasn't sure if it was
or it wasn't distributed.
I didn't read any newspaper stories about it
or see it on the news website and we don't have a TV.
We don't have a TV.
Oh my God.
Where's that?
Forsyth, Montana.
Ooh, a little dot, low TV.
That is scary.
Could you live without TV?
I have.
And they're done that.
So how long?
What's it like three years when we were born again?
Three years?
Or again, yeah.
Oh my God.
Missing out of my life.
The dominance of Emma sprawling ranch outside the
rural town of Forsyth, I think it was called Rosebud.
Talked away in the South Eastern part of Montana
and there's a Wyoming border in the Yellowstone River.
Rosebud is not far from her.
Lieutenant Colonel George Armstrong,
Custer Camp, he forced Alderman to feed at the battle
of Little Big Horn 1876.
How do you like that?
Please, Mr. Custer, I bet that's big there.
Are we going to have that custard?
Frozen almond custard, like from Donnerboss?
Open.
Dolman is producing a similar defeat for Senator Clinton
so she's staying erased by the time.
Montana Democrats filmed last framerate in third.
There is no white working voter problem for Barack here.
She said yesterday was that the post office has to be
tired of weld or a union guy.
If he was willing to bill in the Somar to see Bill Clinton
and he said he didn't think he should go
since he's going to vote for Barack.
Another guy, a young electrician told me he's
supporting Barack and working hard for him.
The people I see on the street are all white
and they have no problem voting for him
and his father is black.
It's what he stands for.
He's authentic, he isn't pan-read, he's telling us the truth.
That's why people are here voting for him
and that's why he'll win Montana or she'll be saying.
How do you like that?
Aras, slowly.
When in doubt time to drop out.
She just won't get the message, man.
No, she's still on the uptruck.
You're going to eat your 300 votes
during the show on our second poll or what?
Yeah.
You are?
David.
289.
You need 11 more in 12 minutes.
We can do it.
It's Friday almost two o'clock and they know
that jerks is coming on.
Oh, you can eat 10 more now, 29.
They know jerks is coming on at two.
And there's a mad dash for that radio dial.
They be a mad dash.
Well, they don't want to hear about.
How do you do QAM?
Hello.
We're coming to the unit.
How do you do QAM?
Hello.
Aideo, what's up?
How are you doing, sir?
I'm doing good.
Hey, that last caller you had about the roasters
and posters with the dolphins?
Yeah.
Well, they did a promotion last season.
If the dolphins want a home game,
you could bring your ticket and get some bagels.
How they must have known something?
Guess what?
They didn't give any bagels out last season.
That's it.
That's a great promotion for QAM.
That's right.
We're the best.
Oh, you guys are.
See you.
Have a good one, man.
We love the dolphins.
They want a game.
And if they win another one, it'll be a shame and like that.
We love the Panthers, baby.
Any way I remember the Panthers?
Any interest?
No.
Anybody care?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're almost done.
Aren't you excited?
I'm sure.
I'm sure about the Chinese soup.
And I'm sure about getting up early in the morning
with a woodbine in spite of what Christmas.
How do you like my story from yesterday?
I mean, you know, hey, that's not going to happen very often.
Well, that's how to do it.
See, a weaker man would say, oh, I just got here.
So let me play a little one.
No, no.
In fact, Sandy, you know, one of my lady friends there.
She's the one that told me to watch her machine that time
and cut me a lot of money because she didn't come back.
Yeah.
And I said, they're feeding your dead machine, waiting for that bitch.
She had the nerve to do that again.
Really?
She was playing two machines away, losing her ass unusual.
And she said, are you going to be here for me?
I knew exactly what you were going to say.
I said, no, I'm leaving.
Where are you going?
I'm going home.
I got to go party.
The attendant is coming to pay me the lightest
flashing, the bell is ringing on my machine.
He's going to come and give me $2,000 bills.
And I'm going to get an office here.
I'm leaving.
Sandy.
How do you like that?
I mean, talk about it.
Since she was going to have me watch her machine again for 33 hours,
while she drove downtown to have lunch or some crap like that.
God, what a bitch.
W-Q-A-N, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, how you doing?
I was, I think, was watching Bill Maude the other night.
And he said that the law government is paying Iraqis $10 a day, not to shoot at us, is that true?
Yes.
Oh, my goodness.
Who is the thing you said?
Who is the thing you said thought of doing that?
As Dick Keeney, he'll tell you.
As Chris Matthews to tell you about Dick Keeney.
Why do you people hurt it for these Nazis?
OK, I tried to tell you.
Don't vote for Nazis.
It's not a really good idea.
They will rape you.
They will kill you.
They'll kill your neighbors.
They'll kill your kids.
They'll destroy the economy.
They'll hop everything up for themselves.
And all you smart asses out there, oh, wow.
I make it all this money.
I'm for oil.
I make petroleum thief.
You know, whatever that guy was talking.
Fascinating petroleum jelly.
And if I was him, I'd get a whole handful and gobbin on his laptop.
Who are you?
QAM.
Hello.
QAM.
What all happened with that?
I heard of it.
QAM.
Hello.
Coming up next to my uncle who's on the chair.
QAM.
Hello.
Coming up.
Who are you?
QAM.
Hi, Neil, please.
You're speaking.
Hey, Neil, this is your buddy, the Godfather guy.
The Godfather guy, yeah?
Clamander, yeah.
And?
Uh, you're looking for the Jews?
Yeah.
I would say I've been...
There's always somebody looking for the Jews.
Throwing and park road.
Stilling and park road, what?
That's the little Israel and the Canadian border, right?
Oh, great.
We'll drop you off some deadly sandwiches.
We'll play in a little bag, a little sack.
Now, let's see how Chris did it.
If he made his 300 on the secondary pool, all boy.
296.
You got eight minutes to get four more votes.
And if not, you won't be here in Chris anymore on the show.
Oh.
Come on, people.
298.
Oh, yeah.
You got to made the shade.
And George has had to go get laid.
Yeah.
But for every way we get some Chinese.
And then...
That's a good one.
Yeah.
I got to bulk up with some nice Chinese food.
Get the energy to go out there and search for a license and guys around.
What the fuck is this?
Get me.
What the fuck is this?
You're the people of this.
You're the 256.
You are the fourth leader.
It's big.
If I have a town at 560 WQA.
I'll come back and let you know...
We've got the tickets to a side of reaching the push-up
The music is push-up
The music is push-up
The music is push-up
We've got the news, the sweet, cold of the chips
The sweet, cold of the chips
The sweet, cold of the chips
The world never waited, the world never waited
We're million miles today
This will go away
Women will suffer the harm
Go through theenschrauls of themmm
 muffled maybe no
We're all the tactic of how they can get through
On the night let's go around eyi's gate
On the day of the Rosen login
We're enormous
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
The biggest names of this tower you sure are.
And you're home for Miami's open swivel.
The fastest sport radio 560 WQAM.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
That's the freaking crap is run and run.
