The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hoes can't hear a damn thing. He said what
the busily broadcast group that level is so low man she might as well be on the
biggest name
the light of the heavy on the range of Saturn you're listening to sports radio
five
sassy double you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
he
you
come
five six
ellim
Что the
seven seven eight five
mill
elle or pound five
four
six
four
four
Now the Neil Ryan show on 560 WQAM.
It's Friday, you were still.
Yes.
Well, I guess it would be nicer to test speed clean for one day.
But I don't wanna go a day without a tranquil feel.
I take a daily dose twice.
I've said it is for good weed.
No wonder they discover me.
Snoozing with my head like a pillar when we're still.
I know when I've had too many zanah.
Especially when my face is on the floor.
You're fairy.
Oh, why might need some time off from drug dealers?
Can I get a lenders' baby if I'm busy steady for it?
Oh, I gotta stay paid.
You're you're you're fairy.
Oh, I gotta stay paid to big to big.
I gotta stay paid to big to big to big to big to big to big to big.
101 at 560 WQAM.
Don't be half big.
Vio fully baked.
What I always said.
What?
That's what I've always said.
We got a thousand votes on the pool and I just changed it.
Whether fat Chris likes it or not.
Whether without your permission.
How do you like that?
As of today, I know I've said this before and every time I said it, I meant it.
I didn't always follow through.
I'm drawn to line in the sand today.
I'm taking no crap anymore.
Good.
Just like you always say.
Well, you've always said it.
I just I always said that for years.
Right.
When he picked up where I told you.
That's right.
You learned well.
Took me a long time.
I got old and feeble.
You know, you forget.
I'm not taking anymore crap.
Including from fat ass Jolly Jobelle and Joyce and Norma Kent, who calls me last night.
He got me so aggravated like he always does.
I was screaming on the phone.
Screaming, shrieking.
The veins were popping in my head.
Just go away, Norma.
Okay, you're useless.
Just useless.
Useless is breasted on a, on Neptune.
The long reach.
Here's the poll result for me yesterday.
Let's get that out of the way.
Then I got a whole bunch of really interesting crap.
Well, it's not interesting because why would anybody listen to this show anymore?
And don't be a sent me anymore.
Sidd the kid's spy reports.
Okay.
I had won this morning.
I'm laying there in bed, a quarter to eight.
And your friend, a professor, is a, oh, Sid was ripping you.
Who cares?
All these people, all these know nothings, all these low-life degenerates
who want to get you into a pain contest.
Not interested, okay?
Right.
Trying to siphon off from my popularity in this audience
in my 100 years in the market, screw you, okay, loser?
Loser.
In fact, Barry Jackass has got a piece about Sid who wants out.
He wants back to New York.
They don't want him, but he wants back to New York.
Why would anybody's got a two-share in South Florida?
I'll wind up in New York.
What is the best example of nepotism?
We want to apologize that fat Chris, the fat guy in the way of his fingers,
he was trying to put Anderson Pooper on the pole, but he failed.
He had a lot of votes, Anderson's Pooper.
He screwed up, fat Chris.
I'm sorry.
But Charlie Joe Bell likes you, though.
He actually speaks to you.
Best example of nepotism, George W. Bush wins hands down 631.
Who thinks that John McCain is going to show up for that debate tonight?
I think it'd be great if Obama winds up debating an empty chair.
Sure.
He can answer McCain's questions for him.
Right.
And now McCain says, oh, well, we want to postpone the vice presidential debate.
We'll move this up one from tonight till next to Thursday.
They want to keep her in a broom closet.
Yeah.
And if you saw anything last night on Oberman around the news,
the, oh, she's just pathetic.
Well, I'll get back to you on that.
I said, thanks, but no thanks.
Torrey Spelling 111.
Paris Hilton 48.
Sophia Coppola 41 with a schnauz.
A schnauz from a hell.
Her nose would fill up an entire building.
Luke Russell 37, who may not be a bad kid, but he don't belong on a year.
Brooke Hogan 24, Melissa Rivers 23, Michael Powell 17,
the anxious chairman of the F.C. and C.
Ashley Simpson 14, Jamie Lynn Spears 13, Jeremy Shaft 10.
Why sure, Mr. D's when me foe and the morning crew were doing the Jeremy Shaft stuff.
Do you miss those days?
Not.
Latoya Jackson 8, Nicholas K. J.
Robert Downey Jr. 4, Jerry Van Dyke 3,
Kiefer Settel and 3, Chad Lowe 3,
How low can you go, Chad?
And Chris Penn and Joaquin Phoenix each had one,
Solomon Deuno, out of a thousand votes, even.
How do you like that?
Somebody must be listening out there.
Oh, I can't imagine why anybody would be listening to that old fairy.
Well, they are.
And you know something I think he's got a point, but nevertheless.
I mean, they have debold the show to such a degree,
but you know what we're doing the best we can under almost impossible circumstances.
And we still have an audience and we still have by far the highest numbers on either one of these
a horse ball sports stations.
Oh, but what about the game?
The game?
What about the Kings?
And which divers?
Which divers?
Speaking of illiterate people, well, before I get to, I got two emails.
I mean, I've got a lot more than that, but I'm going to have two here in the beginning.
Oh, you're not going to read emails for four hours again, are you?
I'll do whatever the hell I want.
How do you like that?
I don't do this show based on instructions from the audience.
Oh, in fact, let me, let me get to the other one before I even get to these about the slots.
Oh, Mickey Vernon died.
Oh, I got just too much stuff here.
Mickey Vernon, two time American league batting champion with a Washington Senators and seven time all star first baseman.
During a 20 year career in a major league's died, he was 90, plenty old enough.
Mickey Vernon is dead.
Oh, I remember him.
That's because I'm old.
See, one thing about being old, you remember crap that young punks don't even know what you're talking about.
Until you go see now, then you can't remember Jack.
That's right.
I remember Jack.
Jack squat.
Jack squat and Jack spread.
Alberto says, been listening to your show since 98.
All the laughs your show has given me have likely improved my health.
One question.
Here comes, this is it.
Tony.
I don't know Tony.
He don't know me.
I don't interfere with his life, but he wants to interfere with mine.
One question.
How could a man as insightful and intelligent as you spend any time or money in front of a slot machine?
Love you guys, Tony.
Mind your own effing business, Tony.
I like it.
I enjoy it.
It's my, you know, it's like a hobby.
It's my past time.
It's expensive.
And I know in the long run you're going to lose your ass, but you know what?
I like it.
And nobody is going to tell me how to spend my money.
I've got people who try to tell me all the time.
And you know what?
Bug off.
Bug off.
Screw off.
F off.
Get lost, Tony.
And anybody else wants to tell me how to spend my money and my time.
Like I said, no more crap.
Good.
I'm just telling you, it's just ridiculous.
That's some of my best advice to you people out there.
Whether you're 20 or 200.
Don't take any more crap than you absolutely have to.
You get by and life.
That's right.
Take no crap.
TNC.
Do no harm and take no crap.
That's a good formula for a successful life.
It took me years to catch onto that one.
Now I kept telling you that.
Don't take any crap.
You know what?
You're right.
And life we all have a certain amount of crap just to survive.
You know, just to get by.
Mm hmm.
But keep it to a minimum.
That's right.
Just take enough crap to fill up a small thimble with.
Like George said that he took some crap this morning.
Oh, yeah.
A lot of it.
Fill up a big thimble.
Yeah, bucket.
All right.
Here's these two.
Joseph.
I've been eating, mailing you since you got rid of those crazy phone calls.
I love it because I'm at work.
I'm able to contribute to the show in some part.
It's just amazing that even that fat ass Joe Bell can't even be happy that the show is improving these past couple of weeks.
No, he hasn't said nothing about it.
All he does is give Sid the kid spy reports to fat Chris at the copy machine.
But they need to have a big meeting to discuss why you can't keep the call so your show will fail.
Well, too bad, Joey.
Boy, meaning fat Joe because I can predict the next ratings book.
You'll be number one.
Keep up the good work.
Your biggest fan, Joey T from Cooper City.
Everybody's my biggest fan.
Now here comes the best one though.
You know how every now and then we used to get a call and we'd say boy that one is for like, uh, that's a keeper.
And the same with the email.
Yes.
Some of them are like a keeper posterity for the hall of shame.
Jimmy B. Quick says in an email filled with the incorrect spellings and grammar and just just.
It smells it reeks of illiteracy.
Please go back to taking calls T a K E I N G.
Please go back to taking calls.
It is boring listening to you read emails for four hours.
This is not a show.
This is not entertaining.
And I know this is from Joe Bell.
Please stop with emails already.
Start taking calls again because also misspelled because at least that was entertaining.
No, it was not entertaining.
It was agony.
It was pathetic.
Only a moron like you Joe.
I mean Jimmy would enjoy.
I'm your friend.
My name is Joe.
And what do you know?
And chamba.
Hi, Ron.
Hi, Ron.
Only a simple thing would think that's entertaining.
The same kind of simple things who make the calls that are ones who enjoy that garbage swill.
And then it goes on to say this is fairly lengthy.
Come on, man.
You owe it to your listeners to give us what we want.
I owe it.
I owe it to Jimmy.
You owe it to Jimmy.
You owe it to Jimmy.
You owe it to Jimmy.
You owe it to Jimmy.
You owe it to Jimmy.
You owe it to Jimmy.
You owe it to Jimmy.
You owe it to Jimmy.
You owe it to Jimmy.
And what does it move up to your right?
all you gotta take the calls this is not a talk show
i know you like it a thousand emails today telling you to take calls but i hope
this one convinces you it's the most obvious thing in the world that emails are
way more boring
spelled wrong in the calls at least the calls are funny
please put that as your poll question thanks nil your ye are you're the best
signed jimmy
you're the best
but all those emails are so boring
now there was that one was pretty entertaining i thought jimmy say jimmy be uh...
illiterate he unproved his point
yeah
take a poll on it i'm not letting a bunch of morons decide for me what i'm
going to do on the show if you don't like it goodbye i've always said that
and somehow i've survived thirty two and a half years in this market
somehow i've survived you don't like it go away
all but you gotta do this you owe it to your listeners i would take my
listeners to do the best show that i know how to do it you know something
i'm your friend for four hours isn't it
and listening to the jibberish from norma can't last night giving me excuses
for joys and jolly joe well jolly joe was sounded really like he wanted to do
something but not joy she don't uh...
yeah joe's
not licensed to practice law and florida by the way joe's i just thought i'd
mention that licensed only in my rland and not in broadcasting either she got
she got no clue about broadcasting which is why the beesley's harder probably
she works cheap
here's the new poll even though i know it's gonna kill me i just can't stay away
from blank fifty five votes already on the new poll
christmas kickin big smelly ass
probably joe bells
did you kick him in the shins on the way out uh... now
why not
you're all right fired
all you wouldn't get fired for kicking in the ass
was the mister brave with the bulletproof contract over there
what
you can't be fired that's not the case for the rest of us
you're sticking up for fact christian i'm sticking up for everybody that's at
our similar position you're the only one that's bulletproof that can't be fired
really my ass yeah i'm sure it already is
i'll be one of the steel
bulletproof ass
i'll go get the kevlar underwear
i know what's gonna kill me i just can't stay away from ice cream eight cigarette
seven cheeseburger seven spicy food six fast food six pizza six
fried anything five cocaine five bacon three my wife sister two the track none
and prostitutes on what about slot machines
yes
slots
slot
all i'm speaking our website
uh... that guy Richard that was threatening to send me some stuff he uh... he
designs websites in our website sucks so bad this was three or four days ago
and he promised and threatened it was going to send me some stuff free of charge
and he was going to give me a whole outline of what we do to improve our website
he never sent me squad
what's going on
four
four
four
four
five
four
four
five
four
five
five
five
five
four
five
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a
man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man. I'm a man Ale Stupid, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, my man my man who goes to play while I'm frying, it's memu Mole I'm the man, it's memu Mole mean man, I'm just
Happy
10.18.560 WQM while I did I stick I sticked it in there. I'm hoping I'm here
in from Richard Romer today about all great help he's gonna give us an
improving our website and how bad it sucks and what he's gonna do and he's gonna
do buddy week but you know this happens all the time doesn't it all the time
everybody's got critical you know criticism but when it comes to doing
something constructive to happen us out well I got busy and I broke my leg
and my ass inverted yeah right come on dick I'll tell you what I will do I'm
not gonna take a poll per se because I've already got the new poll up there
by the way fat Chris yes to the pool add three things that people have
suggested chocolate beer and sugar a sucade oh I can hear Cedar Cruz right now
as you got I don't know she's so sweet she's dead she was fat she was talentless
and ugly but nonetheless and looks like a guy she looked more like a guy than
well then Rachel Maddo I want to go to think about where I got all kind of
stuff in here right man I got a good pile of crap good good pile of crap but you
can relate to I guess it is done your recent behavior guess who died besides
Mickey Vernon what that big band bitch no no no Frank Valenti who this is from
Rochester New York right across the lake hey how's it going over there it's
wrong memorial hospital when that be something if I swam across Lake Ontario
and crawled my way to a strong memorial hospital where I was born in 1942
when that be something mm-hmm Frank Valenti who overs who overs the organized
crime activity in Rochester during its violent heyday in the 60s and 70s has
died in Texas he was 97 that is plenty old enough Valenti sees controller
gambling prostitution and extortion rackets in Rochester in 1964 and had
connections with the powerful banana family based in New York City
Cinquanta Badaani remember that I told you that I preserved from what mine
Cinquanta Badaia screw you go back to Venice go back to Venetia and drown in the
canals he was toppled by rivals during a violent turf or between mob factions
kept by a series of bombings at churches court buildings and the homes of a
judge and labor union leader after a federal a federal prison stood for
extortion for let me move to Arizona later to Texas he ended up at a nursing
home in Sugarland outside Houston where he died Saturday according to a death
certificate file Wednesday Fort Bend County clerk's office he died Saturday
days Friday the news shirt gets around slow I'll tell you that during Valenti's
notorious reign his hometown newspaper ran a regular feature on the
doings of the Dapper Gangster in title spotlight on Rochester's gambling
czar I don't remember that I don't remember anything about that I guess my
family got left out of all I damn it I guess they want no Jews involved in that
the construction company owner was considered to be the most significant
person organized crime in Rochester at that time former DA Donald Chesworth who
worked on mob investigations for the FBI in the 60s said in Thursday's Rochester
Democrat and Chronicle a really marginal newspaper all is certainly better than
the Times Union Valenti was one of the last remaining survivors of a
legendary 1957 some meeting of mafia bosses captured a hilltop of state and
the handle of Appalachian about a hundred fifty miles northwest of New York City
the big barbecue at Joseph Barbera's seniors of state broke up suddenly on
November 14th 57 when a guest shouted a warning that police were watching Natalie
dressed men in Chinese shoes silk shirts and cashmere coats scrambled into the
woods but were easily rounded up state police arrested 65 minutes at the mob
conclave including veto Geneva say Carlo Gambino and Paul Castellano under
questioning most of the men said they'd come to the area on business and then
just dropped in on their good friend no charges were filed it was just an
accident a coincidence that they were there it was an accident nobody got
heard the raid confirmed the existence of a national crime syndicate helped
make mafia a household word and gave Appalachian and during spot in mob lore
how do you like that he's dead Frank Valenti how about that restaurant
Valenti's in a tamarack is a tamarack lottery who wears it I'm 441
Valenti's it's where I slid off the toilet seat I don't remember that straight
by my sliding off the toilet seat I do remember that's the loose man to lose
direct black and that seat oh what an emergency I got in here and I closed the
door and I held on my pantaloonies and I sat down on the scene I slid the whole
thing just slid right off on the floor luckily my body function hadn't started
really ah war like that very lucky it would have been a real mess right in the
middle of a nice shirt to that was a pretty good place I guess I would have
come out of there with a Schmidt eat and grin that would have been bad okay
I'll tell you what I will do I'm not taking a pull per say but since we do have
the emails working right now let's see what the audience thinks Neil at
Neil Rogers dot com should we bring back the calls most of the emails I get
say it's a big improvement yeah now what's the scuttle but you guys are
getting oh overwhelmingly positive as a matter of fact in the name of
considering the sources yeah people that I find that miss the calls are not the
kind of people whose opinions way heavily right like Jimmy be illiterate and
what about you fancy yeah nobody has a problem with no calls so it's
pretty idiots the colors suck and they got worse and worse and worse and worse
and worse and worse and I kept and I kept shutting them off and then oh no you
gotta take the calls Neil that's what people want to hear you interacting
interacting with all five colors so let's hear from the audience Neil at
neil Rogers dot com and then we'll let tally him up and I'll do whatever the
how I want to do it's Friday that means less than 24 hours college game day
Neil as you're considering a play by play guy pull I think he should really
consider oh this is the herbie jerk streak I delete immediately delete immediately
hit a life okay he'll open the jerk jerk streak then at least he won't be
on the earth the worst people and that Alex Marviz oh my god hey Alex you you
ferry god just like the old day they didn't learn from the Kenny and blow
morning show and I think that fat Zach I think he's still on a payroll across
the street he's he's sabotaging the Joe Roe show I mean when Joe came back he
had some pretty decent numbers you know now all of a sudden in the tank thanks a
lot Zach a lot of fat producers you know yep that's what we need to do is get
moved back to get Zach fired there you go in fact maybe mocha come back and get
Joe Bellfire wouldn't that be great and Joyce and the beesleys and Ray Perry you
know what Ray Perry said if we just had a hundred more sports stations
yeah
the top of the top is
the worst
405 60 QAM
the fourth leader
deep Friday you best is
today on TMZ workers filed out of Lehman Brothers with a history of their
careers in their arms the investment bank filed for bankruptcy Sarah Palin
banking firms are going bankrupt houses are going into foreclosure if you are in
a great house what would you do to get the economy back on its feet do things
better okay that's good could you be more specific we must do whatever it takes
more specific we have got to have all options out there on the table and what are
those options whatever it takes what there have been mistakes made right there
have been blunders along the way and what would you do differently we must do
whatever oh please okay I'll ask you a really simple question is Russia close
to Alaska yes you can actually see Russia here in Alaska okay it's a once
there are 1031 131 boy this thing moved by faster didn't didn't need okay well
here's what we're going to do I just uh...
faxed Eric a new poll now he's got the ability to take the poll we're doing
now and like put it off to the side for a while I believe he does put it on
hold it as part of the for a while we're holding it
and uh... can i hold your pen can i hold that in the whole the past
yeah let me hold the at pencil so what what here's what i uh... sent to him
where is it
very simple not that i'm going to pay attention to it because we're getting a
few here on the emails but it's uh... you know
a lot a lot more conclusive and a lot more uh...
response when you just do the poll
i like to show better with calls emails or i don't care
well sounds sounds like you uh... covered all the options there
well i mean
i don't care and we would which you know how about the first place maybe they're
masochist they listen because you lost it he's so bad now and it's so boring
and it's not entertaining and it certainly isn't captivating there
yeah
i like to show better with cost so let's take the pull its on their right now
and uh... set aside
you think you're paying attention to see like uh... eating donuts
both
and i can switch it
as soon as it says i can switch it as he puts in one of the and we'll see what they say
you know we'll see
callers all i hate those callers is uh... somebody
and
thirty callers a day would be good a few emails a few callers a little hockey talk
oh yeah we do love when you rip callers little change of pace also checked out your
pics of calls to him you look a lot better with hair have a great weekend
Tony screw you Tony
go look at some porn okay if you want some titillation
i look a lot better with hair
i like the way i look right now just fine okay i'm i'm just here to please me
my advanced age i'm not worried about how i look you should get a tattoo of an
eyeball on top of your head yeah
mission stick my float around your ass Tony
let's see jeff says the calls of the absolute worst vanish into the pages of
history for the sake of those with two brain cells to rub together
that's just take
fat man after dark says there's absolutely absolutely no need to bring the
callers back the emails are going fine and why put yourself under stress
you're entering the twilight of your life entering i'm deep in it
soon enough you'll be a retired investor living on a pension like i'm in
rough and you're keeping messenger boy
Jorge Ola
uh...
uh... jim says no points for wild try them again in a few weeks variety is good
that's what jim says that's his take
try me again in a few weeks
as if as if that's going to change anything
are we are doing a new poll here what what are we doing Eric
now he still hasn't got it up there i think i was there in his box
yes yes he is yes what else he doing
tell him change the pull put the new poll up
he says please no this is wonderful no more retarded jackasses with no life
please no calls even counting out four or five things that called constantly
most of the rest had nothing to say that was worth listening to beside this
is your show you decide to do whatever you want thanks azoos
i've got jesus permission to do whatever i want
thanks for thirty plus years of last and obama is going to make that old
far look like one of the callers take care he's used for my ventura
jesus
nice going to use
i don't see anything happening on the poll
no
now maybe he can't do that
i'm trying to switch it says nothing to switch
and the old poll is still up there
but now we're getting a whole bunch of emails about this though
here's one that says please no more calls
and remember rush your shana begins monday at sunday o japan new year
baruch at all tonight
beret reyagoffen gets uh... drink a screw up management wants you to do management
doesn't tell me anything about what to do they don't have anything they have no
input in the show they are out involved in the show they don't care about the
show they don't say anything
they're totally out of the loop
and that's because we don't talk about ball games and guys where they're
jockstrap's to tight and how they're star jockstrap smell on monday morning
you know like that
screw up management wants you to do ever since you started on qa m they've
shown nothing but open contempt for your show in your listeners right
callers are mostly lifeless morons emails are much better i enjoy the bedtime
stories thank you so much
no calls please is already in the seabring
i don't want to hear stupid remarks
i will if i were to sell if i want to listen to stupid remarks i'll listen to
republicans
we don't know about the debate by the way
really there's a truck and head
officially saying that
officially go until it looks like there's some kind of deal
alright understood the end of the end of that
and i said i'm kind of deal i'm
got all kinds of stuff about that but you know i
one thing i will say there's a big article i just put on our website for
tomorrow don't worry about another depression it's not going to happen i think
this whole thing is just a big scare you know everybody with up it's the
almost october surprise
just relax to just stealing seven hundred billion dollars your money
kneel please don't let the callers back the email is much better as long as
you don't read all the lame jokes yeah that's true
i know you don't need to i know you don't need us to send you stories but i
couldn't resist on this one just look at the headline okay
man claims penis amputated without consent i got that stories matter fact i'm
way ahead of
you know you can talk to the guys suit i'll get to it
lots of stuff in my pile
here's uh... here's some more of them as he changed the poll yet or what
hello
look at
what is he doing don't know we're not getting a response in the little magic
window there
uh... new it
here's when it says please please please do not bring the calls back it's bad
enough listening to the chronics but the stupid people will call
also screw up the flow of the show the other
bonus of the email is that gives an opportunity those of us who have something
to say but aren't very good at saying it have a good weekend thanks Steve that's
what steves take is here's one that says take a look at this story and look at
the poll results
that's got a link everybody's got a link elections
oh eight
mccain obama debate remains in doubt
oh my god i don't have time to fart around with that
take a look at this yet you look at it
here's one that says i like the new email for me to eliminate the morons and
chronic retires however you have stopped taking calls how many times now
it lasted couple weeks ago back to take them so what's the point really the
point is uh... you know
i'll do whatever the hell i want to do that's the point Chris
okay since you mentioned the roaches your democrat and chronically you
need to play young neal no callers it says no i don't need to play young neal
when is the next best of niel cd coming up oh yeah proceeds can be allocated
for the joe bell and joys fitch severance package charity
also those criminals on the uh gambling channel are now calling it
unprecedented uh economy sounds off they like the new economy that's the same
old crap they're peddling oh it's a buying opportunity it's a great
buying opportunity here's one that says dug from deer field
i just know you changed the pool to what about the calls however i refuse to
offer my
vote there in protest of jimmy the a whole
i'd rather enjoy the new deal at least when people email they make a better
referendum something to say although so often that can be precious little
i have no instructions for you regarding how to do your show because you've
done has kept me listening since i was uh... eleven with my eighty year old
babysitter back at w's news thanks dog
boy must be old now dogg just like me
okay there's what we got and i'm looking on that pool let's see still the same
pull switch nothing he's not there you better call him
all right
you better call fat arrogance see what the hell is going on
right the best talent
you're just a little bit more than you'll find sixty q a m
the
force leader
amen now let me ask you what's going on with fed Eric
don't know
i thought you were going to call them right
christ called him and i sent him a text
and he didn't respond correct
now christ doesn't have the ability to get rid of that poll on their now
no
no
no
that's correct
uh...
maybe irka kidnaps
balka vinyus is the way to go is just saying no to callers
michael says i do real estate closings for living
i'm a title company we're having our best month and year and a half the housing
market is bottoming in lenders are making loans
i don't know a single person who's reasonably credit worthy who's been denied
for reasonable loan
be it on their house or a car they won't reference your house if you are more
than it's worth but that's the way it should be there's no crisis
just might take love the show no cars you don't need the aggregation thank you
michael michael michael motorcycle
hundred sixty seven votes on the pool and we don't know what happened to Eric we
can't change it we don't and this is the funny part i'm trying to give
some of these people what they want just just to prove a point whatever the
point is you know because i have no idea what it'll be
and that we can't do it here's one that says bring the calls back
those idiots make me realize that my life is not that bad at all thanks
justin in north korea line well let's see now see here this one says
Joe no calls except from harry kerry it's either a first-time caller long-time
listener who agrees with everything you say they finish the call by saying keep up
the good work or you get the crank collar or retards who get off hearing
themselves on the pristine a.m. frequency i'd rather hear a true radio voice
reading bedtime stories and most importantly the bits the mobs
christlyn yorker burp vendors etc no other show makes me laugh as much as
yours that's why i've listened to it for 17 years
also i relate to george's i'm his age grew up in south mime love the girls
and the music why i ought to says Joe he's doing this mo of mobile i'll have you
know right bring the calls back those idiots oh i see he's had a
sentence twice the guy in north korea line well obviously you don't have a
he's sent it twice the email process is like being able to screen calls and
delete the bad ones from ones leaving only people with something
useful to say it will add years to the in land years to the dump
button you'll be able to monitor the success of this program by the
increasing number of callers to gym manage who end their calls with
in closing can i call somebody a debaugh
richer or lando wait a minute are they actually saying that on the
mandatio they're saying the debaugh word i don't know
sure this is the way to confirm that you think so i said i don't think so but
oh i sure hope not
that would be really bad and then there's not there correct he's a wall
well i want to find kettle of fish this is huh what a crocker crap this is
you know i mean ummm well he'll be back do you think i'm sure
or not maybe someday maybe he's gone for the weekend maybe he figured oh well
all done with whatever i have to do and that's it so we have nobody nobody's got
the ability other than the error to change that pull is that what you're telling me
that's correct what kind of a communist bunch of horse crap is that
the way it is here's the schedule by the way we got orlando the big oh
rock solid candle played a two to four mad dog four to six fifty six fifty to
seven of those last first bichos with Jesse Aguilar a bunch of spots before
the marlon gain only got a couple games left is this the last weekend i hope
yes good dolphins tonight seven o'clock eight to eleven it's Curtis for d.a.
d.a. is probably going in for some therapy if i were he i would sure needed
what a what a culture shock what a what a
what a load his ego and his life to get trapped in the joebell web of evil joebells
like the world's biggest spider what a wicked web we weave when we practice to
deceive and believe Sid Rosenberg writes very jackass who seven i.
de morning show be Q. M. Zan latest ratings book both numbers sucked by the way
barrier hate to break the news to you they both sucked they both started with
the two said he spoke to his former employer wf a in in New York and its
popular afternoon host Mike Francesca about potentially joining Francesca
show but no offer was made and Rosenberg said i don't know what they're
going to do no offer was made huh i can relate to that
Francesca whose longtime co is Chris Russo recently for a job on serious
xm radio is speaking the numerous potential candidates Rosenberg said
although Rosenberg crant short steen has less than three years on his seven
ninety contract the station likely would not block his move to New York if
something materialized well it's really something when you're constantly
letting the whole world know that you want out he wants to go back to New York
in the worst way i say wrap him up in a in a piano case
send his carcass to New York maybe we can bury him with Jimmy Hoff in the
midst of a whole bunch of other crap wf o r four and w q m sportscaster
kimba bo camper is opening bo camper sports bar and grill this weekend
implantation at the corner of Peters and pine island road well
whoo i wonder if he's going to be there hosting and toasting
will be the wooden cigar store indian standing on front the engine
i sure would like to do that survey some time today on the cars all right so
talk to Eric finally yes he was busy when we were trying to get a hold of
him he is going to get the pull up there with the next
well he put the other pull on there a second time you though i know what's
going to kill me i just can't stay away from he's got it on there twice
Eric will give him a minute what a bozo he's turned into he used to be great
what was he doing he's taking a shower taking a shower in the middle of the
neorages show well you got some stinkin nervous or maybe he was trying to
wash off this thing i wonder if Eric uses body wash
i think so is a married guy with kids
mm-hmm he doesn't have that you know that what fear fear of
unmannedly image you know that my that well he's not he's not one of your
people he doesn't have that machismo thing oh look at this the positive signs
that have made will happen and they have been speaking with the debate
commissioner obviously a lot of discussions taking place there's who's on
male vote susan not susan susan they're very
positive signs that both of the candidates are going to be here they say that
obama has obviously filed his flight plan they say they fully expect
that john mccain will also yeah how would that be if mccain no worst out and didn't
show up he all he was doing here was trying to play a game that's all and
it's like a big chess game and when you got one guy who's like half dead and
retarded with a big lump on his cheek that guy ain't going to be the best
chess player he ain't no Bobby swisher swisher suites
I wonder if those are real bad for you probably probably you think like those
danemon lights that I used to smoke boy those things were all they were the
cats me out and then you told me they made a paper and it caused cancer
that's right everything's bad for you well
so we're gonna be changing the thing and get that pull up there nice going
Eric thank god your shower is over it's already up
oh wait a minute he told you that uh-huh is it already up let me take a look
pull his down it says on mine oh and he's got he's got the backwards
wait a minute wait a minute he's got he's got them backwards I like to show to
the main page what go to the main page oh there it is I like to show better
with emails myself I clicked emails I should have clicked I don't care
haha oh okay and look at that there's one vote by me and the bottom it says
total votes two this is screwed up bad Eric it's screwed up bad
woo holy macro rat man it is screwed up big time
but he'll get it straightened out it still says the pull is down so he's he's
working on it that's probably what he's doing while the whole uh
15 minutes sir he's probably working on it not nicknorthy says how many times
if you take calls off and put them back you know they'll be back someday
screen them like all of the stations do do you do this is Dan that's from a
Joyce screen them it's not what I do with the calls okay it's boring I mean I
know George does that but like I said it's boring I like the spontaneer
screenless yeah and I've been and I've been doing it for years I know uh without
very much problem until we were it started working two and a half years ago for
a guy that doesn't want to do anything for the show and every time there's a problem
oh Neil ought to call the police Neil ought to do this what do we got to do with that
I mean if the audience could hear the stuff that Norma pedals along to me by way of Joyce
or Jolly Joe they would be heaving right now they'd be on their hands and he's
puking up meals the eight years ago if they could hear the swill the garbage
the kaka the poo poo that we get from these people kaka make believe broadcasters
all right Neil go go re vote again go re vote okay one moment please are you
giving instructions now are you talking about to do I'm being the executive
producer I like this show all like Zach put sister says the pullers down though
on mine it doesn't well let me re uh fresh hit view current view current
the pullers down it says mm-hmm for me to oh no I can now vote again yeah me too it
that's not going away the pullers down thing it's not going on wait a little while
what it did go away for a little while well didn't go away on mine and so I can keep voting
over and over again sure why not for emails I'll vote again let's see what it says one vote
screwed up bad Eric it's all screwed up boy first he goes and takes a freaking shower
then the best time this year
projects 4.5 60 QAM the fourth leader this is the neo-rot your show
this is your brain any questions
seven Americans suffers from a terrible affliction and while others find it funny to those who
have it it's no laughing matter it's called frequent burping syndrome it's terrible I'll I'll
be on a date or a business meeting and excuse me see see what happens frequent burping syndrome
it can ruin your life but it doesn't have to now there's a clinic that can help trained
specialists sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers a special place known as burp inders
gosh burpenders saved my life joanne and I were in love I really wanted to ask her to marry me
but I just knew that when the moment of truth came I'd let out with a big ripper you know
burp inders no shame no guilt no more tummy rumbling smelly belches no more stopping in mid-sittance
to uncorrect a big cheesy blaster just caring professionals and the help you need don't wait
here's the number to call five five five two eight seven seven that's five five five
burp inders call today and stop re-so-growsing so gross 1102 at five sixty w.a.m.
otters a hairy reed and chris Dodd with the looking very impressive can be overcome but
those appointed officials like Paulson and Bernanke are going to have to become more realistic
as chairman dot outline we believe there's a financial crisis we want to direct attention to that
any dynamic hairy reed keep in mind the problems people have I mean where where where where
was that we had to go through seven filibusters on the basic problem that everyone
says that they're rude of us housing wouldn't it have been nice if they would have helped us
that we could have stopped 10,000 foreclosures a day well over a hundred thousand people well
over a hundred thousand people were isn't this refreshing the Republicans are committing political
suicide right in front of our eyes right that nice okay the poll is up and it's nip and tuck nose
to nose I like to show better with email 16 calls 14 I don't care 11 now the first 41 votes I
mean 41 votes isn't exactly it's almost look at that email 17 calls 16 I don't care 11 44 votes
neck and neck nose to nose I'm your friend you feel better now those will be her voting for calls
I'm your friend what they go to the archives they're missing out any one of those shows and
you hear the same thing over and over again they could play on a loop a million times a day
I'm your friend hi Ron hi Ron it's jamba Ron
Demsie says I was driving on Pine Island late last night and something caught my eye they were
burning the midnight oil and putting up the B in bokeh campers sign at his new place good luck
him you're going to need it the location was previously cabodon morisies which was always empty and
finally closed its doors in late July before that it was a seafood place it lasted maybe a year
and before that it was a mexican joy that no longer lasted no longer than a refried bean fart
maybe chicken I could have both say location location location and situation such as it is
and maybe you could do that it's cute well good luck to you kimba maybe at least it'll get
him off the air anyway oh my god he is so wouldn't here's one from Ron who says kind of like the
calls but I'm too shy to call so here are some thoughts doesn't it seem odd they came out with a
giveaway plan that had to be approved immediately just before all the congress people need to go home
to campaign can you believe they had the balls to propose that one person would have control and
courts etc couldn't do anything about it for the first time the congress is at least acting like
they have an opinion don't get excited they're still bought and paid for but it's an election year
but don't worry your boy McCain will take care of it bastards if anyone had any doubt the oil
companies are working to get the scourers remember in the year of the hurricanes when that storm
was in the Gulf and they all raised gas prices 60 cents before it hit now the last hurricane
hit and did some damage not much happening wonder if it had anything to do with being an election
you with people already pissed off with gas prices bastards Ron says yeah there are a bunch of
bastards what he's saying Monday without any questions of course we could get it done now tomorrow
we're going to be in session we're going to vote on the continuing resolution and whatever else
we can there are a number of things I know we want to focus on this but they're important things we
have an amtrak bill that we have to finish before we get out of here there are a number of the
things we have to take care of and I know it's hard to divert our attention from this issue but
there are other very important things that we have to do yes
well you you know we we have said enough about this made my point clear oh my god what a dynamo
what a ball of fire I can just eagerly Lewis banging on them panakies goodness gracious
oh yeah Brandon wants to know are they're going to have the cow from university dodge at the
new kimba place that's a good question the one that wound up at Dan Dowd's
number Dan Dowd's yep and that meat market oh my god that meat 63 votes on this I like to show better
with emails 28 calls 21 I don't care 14 it is tight baby it's neck and neck nose to nose basically
and the this Paul now see here okay I'm not I'm not reading anymore now see here okay anymore
Moe wannabes a lot of these people that send the emails are and just like to call as they want
their own show you know I mean like the quarter-slot guy I got somebody in here who misses the quarter-slot
guy but before that a Shelby County man this is Louisville Kentucky a Shelby County man and his wife
said two doctors amputated demands penis without his consent and a file of lawsuit a coronet of
lawsuit Philip Seton 61 went to have a circumcision last October as part of a treatment for
a medical condition Seton said when he woke up from the procedure he realized his penis had been
amputated Seton has suffered mental anguish pain and lost the injurement of life according to
lawsuit yeah lawsuit was filed in Shelby County Court last week against dr. John Patterson who
performed the procedure Dr. Oliver James administered anesthesia and Commonwealth urology PSC
the lawsuit says that Patterson received consent to perform a circumcision and only a circumcision
and that seat did not consent to his penis being removed Kevin George the plaintiff's attorney said
Patterson amputated the organ after finding cancer but he only had consent to remove the foreskin
sometimes you have an emergency and you have to do this but he could very easily have closed him
up and said here are your options you have cancer and the family would have said we want a second
opinion this is a big deal George said a big deal yeah I don't know how big the lawsuit also claims
the plaintiff did not consent to general anesthesia WLKY attempted to contact the doctors but
I've been able to reach them hello doctor they haven't been able to reach them they're in hiding
they're in a closet with Sarah Palin and they're doing it the Setons are seeking
punitive damages against both doctors and medical practice well she might as well be in a closet
doing them because she ain't going to do the guy with no penis attorneys for the defendants will
not have a chance to respond to the lawsuit very very read is still calls up from the White House
bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap
this is doing his monotone drone he's doing the old monotone loud drone is what he's doing hairy read
and that the bait's going on tonight that's the latest and the greatest no items in the uh
email thing I guess since I put the pole up there Eric finally put it up
76 votes I like to show better with emails 33 calls 24 I don't care 19 out of the first 76 votes
What does that tell you?
I don't know.
Tells me that those six collars have each voted four times.
Or that Joe Bell is voting a lot in Joyce.
What?
Good point.
Yeah.
Over and over and over again.
They're refreshing and they're voting again.
We want the calls back.
I'm your fan.
I'm Joe just fan.
How's that?
How's that?
Please.
And so it goes.
And don't forget about.
Excellent program.
No.
Controversial program today.
Neal.
That's it.
Reverend Jones and the boyfriend and Ron and Prozac Ron and the Chambam.
Those are the four collars.
And of course, sprinkle them with a few other idiots like the one that I ever do to you guy.
And my name is Joe.
And what do you know?
That guy.
Quarter shot guy.
Quarter shot guy.
And then the old, old hockey is Bob Cole Jewish is the Pope Jewish.
And that guy is the hockey guy Jewish guy.
You know, is the hockey guy Jewish guy?
Yep.
That guy.
So there's like, maybe it doesn't all together.
Am I right?
That's it?
Yes.
And then the whisper, you know, I mean, what's the point?
I say, give them each an hour every day.
If you like those collars so much, give them each an hour on a station every day.
Like from two till the midnight.
Now from, well, we got nothing overnight.
We got that ESPN crap from two and a half to noon until.
Six in the morning.
That's 12 and four at 16 hours.
What do you say?
Let's do it.
Let's give each one of those chronic's his own hour.
And of course, there'll be some slapover like, you know,
Doran and Prozac, Ron, they can't be separate.
They got to be together.
Right.
And the bitch, the sweat hog bitch, we can get her segment in there too.
Maybe 15 minutes.
I'm going to send you a picture of both of them.
No, the lovely couple.
Don't do it.
Both of them, Moran and Moran.
And the other, the swab.
Madonna and Moran.
Yeah, yeah.
That's sweat hog.
The thing.
Yeah.
The creature.
Right.
Well, we've got a lot of votes here for just a couple of minutes.
88 votes.
I like to show better with emails.
41 calls.
26.
I don't care.
21.
The I don't care crowd meaning, I guess they'll listen no matter what.
And nothing in the emails.
By the way, Neil at Neil Rogers dot com on emails.
I guess they feel left out now.
Now, you know what his academic background is?
Economic depression.
He's written widely on it.
That was his area of study.
So he's.
I think he comes with the portfolio that is meaningful to these discussions.
And he's been always been available whenever he's been asked to come.
Isn't right?
You in the speaker said you don't want Democrats to have to supply most of the votes
for this final packet.
What sign will it take?
Listen, we're not in a numbers game here.
This is a problem created by Republicans by this administration.
We are willing to work on a bipartisan basis to get this done.
But we're not here saying Democrats are going to supply extra numbers.
We want this to be bipartisan.
We want we're not here to blame Republicans, but guess what?
It's their fault.
You go here.
He's going to last time.
This is New York's New York Digital No.
Rogers, 4.
Daniel 560 QAM, the fourth leader.
I'm Mark Morgan.
Now here's Neil Rogers on 560 QAM.
Welcome back everyone.
You're watching the NFL on PBS.
What a splendid day it is for that.
I concur.
You know, I think it was Walt Whitman who said it best when he penned it.
Oh, they've kicked the ball.
Yes, it seems the game is structured.
An African-American man is cop-balled.
Oh, he's running.
He's running.
Oh, still running.
No, Nina, this seems like a great time to talk about the benefits you get from pledging your support.
Yes, if you pledge at the dollar a day level, you can't...
Oh, it seems a man in gold has taken the ball away from a man in blue.
What's more sharp for me?
Okay, let's just say, OKR.
It seems the OKR team has the ball.
This is exciting.
Oh, the OKR man has thrown the ball off.
It's very far.
You know this NFL Top Bad will make a great gift for the Winter Soulsters.
Ooh, it's all caught it.
He's running down the field.
Which one of the... Oh, it seems they scored.
Well, f*** me.
Oh, f*** me.
Oh.
This score is 1-0.
You're watching the NFL on PBS.
Coming up out for the game.
It's the Boston Pops playing the hits of Fleetwood Mac.
Stay tuned.
All right.
11-17 at 5-60-Number to QAIM.
How's the vote tally coming here on the calls and emails and the no calls and jolly joe bill and Joyce Fadass?
106 votes.
106 votes.
108.
What?
108.
110.
Oh, the NASDAQ down 34.
I don't know how the market's doing.
S&P is down 16.75.
Yeah, there was the S&P guy too.
The S&P is up, Neil.
I guess what?
Surprise.
And what about the Dow?
We know what time it is.
OK, it's 11-17.
8-17 in the West Coast.
The Dow is down 63.
Woo!
I like to show better with 110 votes so far.
E-mails 49.
Calls 33.
I don't care 28.
And some of these e-mails I'm getting on the, oh my god.
Neil at Nearodgers.com, by the way, for the e-mailers.
Here's one from Gary.
Now listen, I want you to listen to this carefully.
I'm clueless.
I'm right there.
Gary says, I think you are missing the point.
The audience does not specifically care if you take calls or e-mails.
They just like to hear a hysterical old queen get all worked up over things.
They love to hear you rant about the traffic on the highway,
about the crazy psychos at the racetrack, about the morons running the station,
crashing the callers, etc.
Oh, I guess I don't scream enough about the morons running the station.
Now listen to this part.
Of course, as you have slowly cut yourself off from these things that make you crazy,
by not doing shows from the QAM studios,
stopping the calls, moving away at center, the show has become less interesting.
Well, that's very fascinating to me because I've been doing the show away from the QAM studios
for almost seven years now.
And until Jolly Jo Bell came, we were always number one, always by a mile.
We always got our bonus money.
Everything was going along just fine.
And then Joyce and Jolly Jo came in and devolved the show.
So whether I'm sitting in Miami, whether I'm sitting in Toronto, whether I'm sitting on my ass,
I don't think I've got a whole lot of love to do with it.
And as far as bitching around about the traffic, what is there to say?
I mean, the traffic here is worse.
Ranting about the traffic on the highway, the crazy psychos at the racetrack.
Don't I bitch about the crazy smelly people at Woodbine? Yeah. So there you go.
Oh, God. I'm missing the point.
I'm missing the point. Like I don't know the differences in the show.
I don't know the restrictions that we're working under right now with our hands.
Our mouth is gagged. Our hands tied behind our back working for people who think that we're just a pain in the ass.
Oh, and wait till you hear this one.
Oh, there's some really, oh my God.
Interesting swill.
From I get on that neorodgers.com and vote on that thing.
This is very important, muy importante, not.
We got 123 votes. I like to show better with email 63 calls, 39.
53 emails, 39 calls, 31. I don't care. I don't care.
That's kind of my attitude. George taught me that one.
I don't care. Yeah. And you're right.
If they don't care, why should I care?
Yeah, you'll drive yourself nuts. Buckingham's I don't care on Columbia Records.
I bet you got that. You know what?
Don't you care. I'm sorry. That's the name. Don't you care? No.
Don't you care? No. Don't you care?
Jeff says, I want you to listen to this very, very carefully.
Okay.
Take a pin and stick it in here to open up your ear a little.
There's the buckingham's. That's enough.
Susan. Then they do a Susan.
I think you're really cruising for a bruising Susan.
There you go. Wow.
That was Ruts's name from a process street.
That was his name.
What's his name?
Susan.
Joe Fungham.
It looks like I'm losing.
Susan for approaching the chase.
That was his theme song. Okay. That's enough.
Jeff says, Neil, I sort of missed the callers.
Prozac Ron actually made me laugh.
I need help.
Cracked me up. How about a few quick spurts of callers a day at random times
to keep those obsessed freaks on the edge?
To keep them on the edge.
Make them super crazy in author's streets.
Love the show, Neil says Jeff.
Keep them on the edge.
We'll give Prozac Ron Jeff's phone number address.
Right.
And he could have a personal private show.
Oh, no, that's your show.
Which one is that? Is that Moran?
That's Moran.
Moran. That's Moran.
That's Moran.
That's Moran.
Moran.
Prozac Ron.
Correct.
With the, with Sweathog.
Correct.
Oh my god.
I have seldom a, he makes Gilbert look like Britty Quinn.
Oh, yeah.
I have never seen any fashion play.
And she, mm-hmm.
I've dropped better, this morning.
Just this morning.
I've dropped better looking, that's right.
Then that's Sweathog bitch.
God.
Although it's a good match though.
I'll say that.
Perfect.
And then this, this is what Jolly Jo Bell and Joyce Fitch have allowed
to take over this radio show.
See, that's the whole point that you're missing.
Whoever was sent me that last email, you're missing the point.
That a supposed, responsible, major market broadcasting operation
named Beasley, BBG, I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I, has allowed, you know,
a few misfits to screw up the whole show.
They're most important show, even though they would disagree.
The show that's been the anchor and the anchor of this station for over 11 years.
Emails 56, calls 42, I don't care 33.
And the colors are obviously voting over and over.
It's got to be.
Only crazy people would vote for the callers.
I'm your friend.
I need help.
Paul says Neil, when you mention Mr. Ego, who are you referring to?
And when do we think we'll start hearing the color-coded terror alerts
just like before the 2004 presidential election?
Oh yeah, orange alert on your money.
They're waiting for word on McCain's flight plan at the University of Mississippi.
We already know that Obama's on the way.
He's going to be there, come hell or high water.
McCain always, but it will, but he's still trying to figure out how he's going to manage to stand up the whole time.
Mr. Ego is Steve Kane.
Steve Kane.
Is there anybody in the world?
Of course, nobody remembers him.
Remember him?
No, you do.
Oh, I remember him.
It's like footage.
Just tell me what your problem is.
Who came to the market many, many years ago as a Jew, a Jew liberal,
and all of a sudden became a born again Christian right wing Bible thumping fanatic,
adopting 4,000 kids.
There's more money in that.
No, he thought.
Evidently not.
Here's this is me.
Take it or leave it.
Take it or leave it.
That's the way I look at it.
Take it or leave it.
You don't get it, Neil.
You just don't get it.
I enjoy prosack, Ron.
I'm your friend.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to do that several times a day just for people like that last email or there.
McCain supporter, Senator Lindsey Graham, who's a drawing Yehu and a rumor to be gay.
Lot of rumors about him too.
What a thought.
Tells CNN the McCain campaign is proposing to the presidential debate and commission
and the Obama camp that if there's no bailout deal today,
the first presidential debate should take place of the vice presidential debate,
which is exactly what I told you they were trying to pull yesterday.
Scheduled for next Thursday, October 2, in St. Louis.
They are doing their best to hide that bitch to keep her in a broom closet with her broom.
And of course she's into witchcraft, you know, the whole witchcraft.
Hey, she's protected from it.
Get it right.
I'm sorry.
That's right.
She and her dark, complex African and preacher.
They're protecting you and her from witchcraft.
Did you hear that guy's voice?
Like a munchkin.
Mm-hmm.
I've got a hunch that he's a munchkin.
In this scenario, the VP debate between Biden and Palombe,
we scheduled for a date yet to be determined and take place in Oxford, Mississippi,
currently slated for the presidential debate tonight.
Graham says the McCain camp is well aware of the position of the Obama campaign.
And the debate commission that says the debate will go on his plan.
But both he and another senior McCain advisor insist the Republican nominee will not go to the debate today if there's no deal on the bailout.
They're all going back into room now.
Oh, John McCain is leaving shortly for Mississippi.
I'm not sure if he heard the news in the comments this morning in terms of what you're referring to.
I mean, I know obviously he has been hearing the accusations that he sort of parachuted in here.
And if anything, he made the negotiations and hindered them rather than help them.
Yeah, and they're pushing back on that big time.
As you can imagine, and what they say in Southern McCain camp is that they believe that the Democrats have played politics.
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
We don't want any politics in this.
It's got to be bipartisan.
And they had the big meeting into White House, which turned into a big shouting match and screaming and yelling and mashing of teeth.
They're all a bunch of crooks, baby.
And they got their hand in your pocket and my pocket.
The old pocket rocket pointer.
The whole bunch of emails on there now aren't you excited?
Medium, medium excited.
Oh, come on.
All right.
McCain is leaving shortly from Mississippi. He is going to the debate.
There will be a debate tonight. Hallelujah. There isn't God. There is only.
All right.
No, it's time does that start?
Eight, I believe.
The bait at eight.
The bait of the sounds great.
In fact, they're counting down nine hours.
I don't want to wait.
Twenty eight seconds.
They got the debate countdown on CNN.
When it doubt counted down.
I got to get to Jane's email here eventually.
Doug Thompson's got an article. I got to get Obama opens up a 13 point lead in Michigan.
Oh, Jane, who's given me crap again about the plastic bottles for the body wash.
Sorry, Jane. I don't give a clue.
A crack.
The best towner.
You know, isn't your budget?
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
Yeah.
It's Friday. You wear still.
Down, down, down, down, down, down.
Mark is going down, down, down, down, down, down.
Mark is going down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down.
The stock market is down.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Well, my broker is calling.
And he's telling me the market's falling.
Now he's standing by his window calling.
Come and jump with me.
The option is...
My stocks are fading.
Even though I'm on some heavy trading.
To hit the pavement I'm anticipating.
Come and jump with me.
Mark is rashes.
My life is lashes before my very eyes.
Stocks on Dumpin'.
Then I'm jumping.
Oh, bear the coffin just by size.
Now I'm standing 50 floors above where I'll be landed.
Oh, why for family I will be stranded.
Come and jump with me.
I'm dying of the hair.
Oh, the economy.
I'm dying of the hair.
This is kill and be.
I'm dying of the hair.
Well, the debate is on.
It's official.
Are you excited?
Thrilled to death.
Throw yourself up in front of the fireplace.
With your wife and little kid.
Right.
I'll be twisting my nipples.
You're going to be twisting somebody's nipples?
My own.
Well, I sure hope it's not your little daughter.
For Christ's sake.
Oh, it's just a joke.
Will you relax?
Good God.
What a sicko.
Yeah, that's you.
Hardly.
I'm the slicko and you're the sicko.
I have a more than my converse.
I'm the sicko.
If you watch the Michael Moore thing, yeah.
No, I'll get around to it.
Maybe this weekend.
I mean, we haven't had any dropouts yesterday today on our streaming.
I've heard you the streaming sounds really great.
There's Frank says no battling.
I'm going to try to sneak one more in and Eddie just give me a hand.
I think we need to get to the White House.
We're the daily pain of being with the White House press secretary, Adina Perino.
But Frank, do you anticipate how much time?
It seems to me the minute time opens up the debate and asks the first question about the bailout.
It may not long be a foreign policy debate.
It may be strictly a domestic bailout.
And chickens might be too.
Okay, but it would, but it might be this how about tuning in and watching it?
Okay, and shutting the hell up.
You glib piece of turd.
I'm serious.
He's a turd that got away from the bowl.
Tony Harris on CNN.
He is such a jerk.
165 votes on the pool.
I like to show better with email 66 calls 58.
And I don't care 41.
It is getting tight.
It's getting tense.
Oh my god.
It is.
It is.
Let's do the tighten up with Archie Bell and Drells.
You got that?
Archie Bell and the Drells?
I'll look.
Let's do the tighten up.
I bet you Eddie K used to play crap like that.
He always played that James Brown crap.
That's probably what got him canned.
I think what got him canned was the fact that he was an old Jew.
And Joe Bell don't like old Jews.
Hank, Neil, Eddie K.
See the pattern?
Yep.
There we go.
Archie Bell and the Drells.
The Drells as well.
Hank, you ain't no listen to Joe Bell by the way.
Hi everybody.
Hi.
I'm Archie Bell and the Drells.
That's enough.
I'll do the tighten up.
Jane and Deerfield, one of our regulars for years, says,
all of this email pisses me off.
Dear Neil God, like all gods you are fallible,
like many gods you cast wrath on those who question you,
sadly I have to question some of your judgments concerning
body wash and Rachel Maddo.
You know something, Rachel could use some with her manly hands.
When I first brought up the ecological cost of body wash
contained in plastic, a petroleum based product,
you had to go to the bathroom to find out if it plastic
in your body wash was recyclable.
That suggests to me you don't recycle your plastic bottles.
That's correct Jane, I don't.
You don't have recycling on there in your building?
Let me say it again, you know why I don't?
You don't want it?
Right, I don't want it.
If you as God don't recycle, how many of you listening
simply toss the plastic bottle into the trash head for the dump?
That's what I do.
I toss it right in the trash.
Yeah, we do have a bin for recyclable stuff
and you know what, I just ignore it.
Oh, I can't believe it.
Yeah, I could lie and say,
I'm really into this whole green scene,
which everybody ought to be, but not me.
I can't be bothered with it.
George is wrong when he says that recycling plastic
is the same as paper.
Paper can be composted back into good red soil
and new trees can be planted to make new paper.
Plastic first has to be made out of petroleum
and in order to be recycled and has to undergo horrible processing
that releases all kinds of terrific gases worse than joe bells.
Oh, nothing's worse than joe bells.
He's going to package to joe bells, terrific gas.
Trees don't have to die to make plastic.
Are you questioning Jane?
Me too.
I know I sound like an environmentalist wing nut,
but just think if we all cut back in picture,
I mean, if this is the excuse for not using body wash,
I mean, give me a freaking break.
Not to mention the good we'd be doing for the earth,
cutting off money to terrorists in their financial backers.
Is she thinks that the production of paper
is a chemical-free, environmentally friendly procedure
that she's never been anywhere in.
I hear a paper mill.
I think I need Jane out of start peeing in her gas tank,
okay, because if she's worried about sending money
to the terrorists in their backers, the freaking Saudis.
So please consider the cost of plastic bottles
in the waste stream.
They don't just degrade like organic matter.
Then there's the carbon footprint of shipping them,
as they add weight to any truck carrying them.
I can go on and on. Thank God you don't.
I don't want to, but every time I turn around,
they're more convenience products that add to the waste stream
that winds up in the dump and add more dollars for the Saudis.
Then there are the dangers involved with chemicals leaching
into our foods from plastic products and so on.
Just make sure you've got everything in the microwave
in glass, corail or pyrex.
Anything else will probably lead to chemicals
that you don't want to eat in your food.
They stop drinking that body wash.
No matter how good it smells.
But I do like that pink ray fruit.
Yeah.
I can't wait to use my bottle.
In fact, I just drank some this morning with peppercorn
and parmesan cheese.
Now Jane goes on to Rachel Maddow.
What's to say?
Now I want you to listen to this very carefully in this.
This is the kind of warped thinking that so many women are guilty of.
When Keith Oberman began to let Rachel take over his show,
I said, there's no way she'll ever get her own show.
She actually tells the truth.
When he began to let her take over the show,
I don't know at what point that was.
In fact, it seems to me I could be wrong.
Maybe I was dreaming, but I'm positive I was sitting there right in front of my TV.
Actually, I watched her show last night after Oberman.
And guess who she had on like in the middle of the show for a 10 minute segment
to bail her ass out again?
Keith Oberman.
She is like an appendage of Oberman as what she is.
Is that so wrong?
Anyway, then it says, then all of a sudden she had her own show.
All I can say that this is a good thing because she investigates things
that are ignored by the mainstream press.
And I know she's hard hitting from listening to her on Air America.
She always investigates stories that the mainstream,
she fumbles and bumbles and fumbles and she can't even read the damn teleprompter.
So please don't just write her off immediately.
It's better to see faces on TV who are telling us the truth than the same old creeps who lie and lie and lie.
Well, I don't watch the old creeps, Jane.
I don't watch Sean Hannity and Bill O.
and the rush and all that crap.
I don't watch that because I know the kind of lies and spew them that they're going to spew out.
But she leaves me limp.
She's weak.
And this idea that she took over the Oberman show?
Keith Oberman is so far far in a way the best broadcaster we have in the world today.
There isn't anybody even close.
And I'm really, I could kick myself for getting bent out of shape with him about that whole I'm this business.
No, this is probably a miserable nasty old bastion off the ear and behind the scenes.
And God only knows what kind of crap he was stirring up there at MSNBC.
Keith Oberman is okay in my book.
Let me tell you that right now.
His show last night was sensational.
And Jane has got it totally backward.
The only reason anybody will watch Rachel Maddow is if they're watching Oberman at first and then they keep it on.
Because she's just an extension.
She continues having a lot of the same talking heads on it.
He's had a million times and she interviews them poorly, very poorly.
She is to broadcasting with Sarah Pellanist of Politics.
Now that's a shot.
Although Sarah at least don't have manly hands.
She does.
She can feel the loose.
And that's why she got mushing.
Fourth leader.
It's Friday. You best.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Okay.
159 at QYM.
We'll see ya.
I'm Monday.
Bye.
when that a fashion show. Wow. 183 votes on the pool. Wow. That is pretty impressive.
Not. She had a thousand. Uh, you know, once upon a time back pre-Jobel, pre-JB. Yes.
He put the BJ in in, uh, Jobel. Pre-Jobel. Once upon a time, we'd already have like five,
six hundred votes on there and something this important, this, uh, controversial,
controversial, controversial program today. Oh, 185 votes is all we got. I like the show best
with email 72 calls 67. I don't care 46 out of the first 185 future devotes. Back in the day,
back when we had that big massive audience back when we could do the show. Marx is, I love your show,
been listening for years, eventually stopped because of the crankers. Chamba, I heard you stop with
them and I want back. See, there you go. Right there. That's the best email of all of them right there.
That's the definitive email. It's a tune out. Only a bunch of simple things one here.
Chamba, I'm your friend. One here, uh, four hours of that every day, day after day after day after
God awful day. Have to be a lunatic. Our good friend Zysku, who I thought was our friend, he's,
he's out and about him. You want to hear his email? Sure. Remember that he sent me, uh, an email with
all the stuff I had been talking about the whole show. Yeah. And I got very exasperated. I'll tell you
why. He says, I'm in the car with a friend of mine. He has the footies show on. I'm going to jerk the
wheel. Thanks for all the years of entertainment. I love you. George, leave the wife, get your own show,
goodbye cruel world. He's going to jerk it. Yeah. I believe that. Yeah. What kind of a worst would be
being a car with anybody listening to footy? I got to be enough to like, well, somebody's brains out.
Gary says, oh, this is not the same chronic. Oh, thank God. You know that Gary in the whirlens guy. Yes.
Oh, by the way, Neil, did you see the article today? It's held about a new push to legalize just, you know,
gambling. Miami, I got it right here. It's in my pile. Also, what do you think about the Miami
Herald website redesign week? Very lame, very bland looking boring. Maybe, uh, what's his name?
Rich Romer, the website designer. Maybe he'll help the hero dog because he sure ain't doing that. I never heard
from him again. Can you explain that to me? No. I mean, he was a regular on there. Once we started
with emails, he was on there all the time. And then all of a sudden, oh, well, I'm a web designer and
blah, blah, blah, blah. Your website is really boring and very poorly organized and I can really help
you out. And tonight I'm going to do that. And he just vanished. He just disappeared. Maybe they came
and they took him in the way away in the middle of the night. Huh? You know them? They took him away.
Oy vee. In my opinion, Susguiri, the Herald has been such a schmitty rag for years,
but has at least maintained that level. The Sun Sentinel would use to be a little bit better
than the Herald has dropped so badly over the last few years. Now, they're much lower level in
the Herald. If that's even possible. I've been saying it for years, although not recently, because
I gave up a long time ago, the one thing that could really change the whole composition to
South Florida politically and in every other way would be a real newspaper. Somebody coming in
challenging, but then again in date County, you've got the Herald and Broward, you got the Sun
Sentinel. And of course, the Sun Sentinel, they're sucking around Palm Beach all the time. Broward
and Palm Beach, they act like they don't even exist. Now, back when we had the Miami News,
I mean, news wasn't a bad newspaper. Remember those days? There was that before. I know,
I remember the Miami News. I mean, news was okay. And then of course, the Herald took over
distribution of the Miami News and they basically, and then they finally affolded it up.
Because the people that they held are a bunch of grave robbers. They're a bunch of bastards.
Grave robbers is what they are. All they care about is what's good for the Herald.
Oh, downtown Miami, everybody's going to want to come to downtown. That's because that's where
the Herald is. Whatever's good for them, that's what's good for the community. And then they
have that non-group, you know, that mysterious group of mysterious people who sit around in some
mysterious table while every month and their secret meetings. They're like the freaking
builder burgers in the Illuminati, the Herald, the non-group. And they decide what's best for you,
people. Okay, what's your life going to be all about? So there's not a decent newspaper. We
used to have the Hollywood Sun Tatler. Okay. Wow. I remember when I used to do the harness racing
selections for Pump and O Park for the Miami News and Tom Jickey used to do the dog track selections.
Journalist Jickey. Remember those days? Yep. By the way, a little timey Jickey can be seen to my
left, although as you're looking at it to the right, in that video on there and that DVD that we got
on our website, right under the poll, click on that, click on the button, maybe and start crank that
thing up from the bizarre flea market from 100 years ago with me and the Stan Major and KC and
Tom Jickey and Gilbert, Gilbert, yeah, etc. George wasn't there, though, was before your time.
I might have been running the board for that particular event. So maybe I was there in spirit,
you know, wow. You were enjoying some spirits? Probably. I wonder what ear that was. Is it the 90?
Steve Gaetzel. Oh, there's a whole bunch, a whole bunch, emailing inside World Castle. What does
that say? Inside a World Castle. Notice various building materials stacked up on the floor.
So Steve from North Miami Beach. And there's a picture. He's inside Wayne Arnold's and there's some
building. Well, I'd tell you, sure, taking a long time in it. It is. Here's one. Oh, it says from a
frame. Front doors of World Castle still chain and locked to Steve in North Miami Beach. And here's
another picture. It says welcome, but it's a chain. It's got a big chain on it. Steve Shane and
some par-shane. Here also another one, emailing from in front of World Castle. And let me look and see
what it is. Oh, it's just on the corner there. And I'm very well, you know, when you're in that neighborhood,
you got to take your pictures real quick. Dear Neil, let me get the mic over here. Okay, oh,
drove down to our Wayne Arnold's World Castle. I stated check the progress of its reopening. It
looks a lot of work going on inside. It's taking place. Here are a few photos. I took with my
cell phone camera. Can't wait to take a bite into one of those castle burgers. Steve the video
guy in North Miami Beach. Oh, he's the guy from the video we're just talking about. I think,
right? Okay. Is that Steve from North Miami Beach? That guy. I don't know him as that. I know him
by his last name. Bugsie says, Hey, a rumor is being circulated. The McCain may have
suffered some type of stroke in the last month. Supposedly, one of his eyes is drooping and he's
been easily confused lately, more so than usual. Watch these bastards slide chanee in their
the last minute. Oh, God. Another awful. Wow. Also, since I'm a truck driver, I feel it felt
somehow safer when you were taking calls from those. I'm your friend of yours. Maybe if you took
one or two calls unexpectedly from time to time, it would keep that group off guard and glued to
their phones and off the phone, off the F and road. No. Collars emails. Neil agree that the
crown of colors are ponderous, but it's probably worse for you than for us, the listeners,
that is you cut them off and move on. Some colors have become organic to the history of the show.
The bridge tender. The thanks for calling lady, the no fags in the church guy. Not to mention the
unnamed intelligent callers who touch base now and then between the cranks. Oh, that must be
when you're on. I don't recall. The emails are a great addition. It's refreshing. We can
reach you directly without having to fart around with a fax machine. As for calls, why must it be
all or nothing during some of the days you've taken calls? You've admitted to some good days. Oh,
yeah, take some calls here and there. Read some emails. Read some bedtime stories. It's your show,
but it's also our show in many ways that is it's your the talent, but to a large degree,
the show is about us, the listeners. Oh, yeah, I forgot that. It's about them. It's my show,
but it's their show. We wax poetic about all the restaurants and stores. Nothing else.
Delta. South Florida stuff that's long gone. Not that the Rascal House is, but it's just you.
Glad you've renewed for another four years, five years. A lawyer, a listener since 86 in the WNZ
heydays. Well, thanks a lot. And I'll do whatever the hell I want to do. How do you like that?
God says to tell George W wasn't his idea. The moment he showed up on the scene, Jesus
disappeared like a bad out of hell. Oh, this is just a bad joke. When atheist attack a long read,
but good for your next steaming choice from Rob and Lauderdale, thanks Rob. When atheist attack,
a noted provocateur rips their appellant and defense a lead ism. Well, that's good. I'll take your word
for it. There's Bill Schneider with the bailout deal, making a progress so that he can feel that he
could come back for this debate. The answer is yes, yes, yes. He will. He's on his way now.
The debate will take place with both candidates as planned. The only question is how much of it will
deal with national security. No, the only question is, well, it can be able to stay on his feet for the
entire thing. That's the question. We'll be able to stay. I'm actually going to be giving him a lot of
no doors. You think? Oh, yeah, no doors. Yeah, keeping away. Tri-Natro Glitzer in the adrenaline.
Big fat line of coke. Got a cold? No. Oh, I'm snitching over the drama of this debate tonight.
I guarantee I'm going to be watching every minute of it, aren't you? I'll try to watch it. I'm
probably going to be out and about. Yeah, probably outscrew in your brain. I hope so.
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on QAM.
Don't I told you don't bother me while I'm in here? I sir. Hello, it's Mickey Mouse. Oh,
Mr. Mouse. Good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing, sir. You're freaking
telling me. No, I'm not. I got David Kelly calling me every three minutes. Why did we move the
practice? Sir, you told me to move the practice. I didn't tell you why you must have misunderstood
me. No, sir. You said move the practice to Monday. Hey, hey, listen, but wipe on the boss. I make
the decisions. You take the heat. Right. You move the practice. Okay. How are we going with it?
Anyway, hold on. Remus. Yeah, boss. Shot the hell up. I'm on the phone, Remus. Hi,
sir. Yes, sir. What was your question? I'm telling you. I'm going crazy over here between
David Kelly and now Michael Jackson calling me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my freaking
mind. Hold on. Remus. Get here, you boss. Stop it, Remus. I'm going to fall, boss. Stop
it, Remus. That's a phone, boss. Right. I can't hear anything, Remus. Stop sawing the floor.
Sorry, sir. Sorry, sir. Sir, the moves are working out very well. The practice is fourth
in its time slot and more. What's working? It's time slot. What, are we even beating the WB?
Fairly. Oh, my God. Michael Jackson thing was a rating success. Of course. Hold on a second.
Remus. What the hell are you doing with a harmonica?
Don't play, Remus. I'll jam that thing down your throat and get the blue bird away from me.
Oh, come on, Bluebird. I'm allergic. I, sir. Sir, over 25 million people, so.
Shut up, Eisner. Listen, you see me? What I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone. I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing?
You're here imagination for crying out loud. I'm moving my hands up and down.
Why design? I'm the puppet master. I say it. You do it. Now Fox is going to air all the stuff that
you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview. But, but sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to
Revee! Revee! Yes, yes, yes. What the hell are you doing now?
It's in the floor, boss. It's nothing wrong with the floor, Remus. What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss. My other ear, Remus.
That's the phone, Remus. Get out. Get out.
Eisner. Yes, sir. Killin' me. Killin' me. I'm sorry, sir. Killin' me.
Sorry. Killin' me softly.
From 03 at 560 W.A.M. We'll talk about a Mickey Mouse place. You came to the right place. This is it.
This is 560 W.A.M. used to be a radio station once upon a time.
What? You know Johnny Joe Bell. And the six parties.
What? Oh, yeah, 50s, 60s.
Real radio station. And then those two live Jews bought it and they turned it in a way.
Cuctam music station. They were cymocasting. Where they were they cymocasting
kisser where they play in different country music. I really don't know.
Wow. I mean, talk about a couple of morons. And then the beesleys bought it and they brought in
Greg Reed and Scurran and Ray Perry and Maddie Bell and a whole bunch of the goofballs.
And then they blew out Greg Reed because they said, oh, he's spending too much of their money
and making all kinds of backdoor deals and stuff like that. And they brought in Jolly Joe Bell
who was over at kiss before that. He was kissing it. Let's see. Here's one. I'm just reading emails.
There are some great papers in Miami, but they're either weekly or focused on business.
The daily business review is excellent. Miami-Herald rips them off all the time,
but they're only a business paper. If they'd expanded to a full paper, they would crush the
Harold. Miami today is also excellent, but also only business. Well, too much monkey business.
Oh, my God. This one. Lengthy. When they're lengthy like that, I want to print them out. You know what I mean?
Yeah. And there's your present with that quizzical adumbo look on his push.
How they're going to rescue the rescue plan? That's what he wants to know.
Rescutor, I say rescue me. Fontella Bass with a shapely ass is singing rescue me.
Jonathan says, oh, it's Johnny G. Happy and healthy New Year. Castle Hoy's Johnny, go away.
Cut the crap. Quit sucking around. Well, he just annoys the hell out of me, you know?
No, no. Happy New Year. Rocher, Sean. What's one is Rocher, Sean?
Isn't it ongoing? Isn't it right now? Are we in it? What is it over?
It's already Rocher, Sean. I don't know. I'll go ask a Muslim.
Hey, Chris. I don't know. Look at an encounter. Because on Monday, he says,
who says the calendar Monday that it's sundown? So that means Tuesday, I get off, right?
What are you laughing about? Flacker. Let's see. Oh, here's one from Mark
in the Hellendale Beach. I've been an avid listener since June of 88 to say you've been a great
source of entertainment information. Be a gross understatement. That's right. The show is gross.
Not as gross as it used to be. That's a shame. That being said, the following are my favorite
knee lines and bring a smile to my push to this day. The runner up, April, 1993, while monitoring
the TV as the David Coresh led branch, Davidian compound was burning to the ground. You stated,
look at that thing. The whole place is on fire. If David Coresh walks out of this, he's Jesus Christ.
I never said that. Jesus Christ. Maybe you did. I never said that. Maybe you did. I don't know.
Maybe I do. Maybe I do. I don't think I said that. And numero uno, June or July of 92. Boy,
you talk about a chronic obsessed. A female collar was for some reason to write a talk you into
sex with a female. You politely told her that it's just not going to happen. When she persisted,
you let her have it with I'm not into open wounds. Okay, lady, you get it now? Open wounds.
I temporarily lost control of my car almost sideswept the UPS truck.
Thanks for the numbers. Mark, I did say that. I'm not into open wounds.
Well, you know, one of those things 233 votes on the poll. I like to show best with emails 87 calls 84.
And I don't care 61. Next and neck knows to knows, man, it's as tight as a which is ear 87 a
piece. It's tied. It's a flat footed freaking tie. And you want to know why? Why? Because the chronic
serve voting over and they're they're tapping on it. You can be sure that either that or Joe Bell
and the Joyce are busy, you know, tying the thing up. Somebody ought to tie them up.
Put the rubber ball in their mouths. And bringing what's his name from Clockwork Orange?
Malcolm McDonnell. Malcolm, what was the character Alex? Alexander Zalarge?
Yeah, we saw that scene. Mm-hmm. I mean, when they were playing in the background, hang down your
head, Tom Dooley. That was my favorite part. Jean and Seabring says I've been listening to you since
1979, the past six months. Your show have been brutal as far as the idiots calling it a monopolize
your show. Absolutely correct, Jean. Absolutely correct. I'm glad you decided to drop the calls,
but said that you had to. And right again, I'm both counts. Correct. I do enjoy listening to
interact with callers, but completely understand why you made the choice you did. In the final
analysis, I tune in to listen to you, not some idiotic A-holes. This is all my love, Jean and
information. Last week, Rachel Maddow had higher ratings than Obermann. Big deal. So did
the Kedi Kirk the first couple of days. And then people said, well, she sucks. We're not
watching this garbage anymore. And they stopped. I agree with you, though. She's just embarrassing.
When I first saw her, I wasn't sure if she was a man or a woman. She's got manly hands. I'll
tell you that, that, Dyke. She's got manly hands. And she can't read the teleprompter for crap.
She fumbles and fumbles and stumbles. It's just sad. The difference between MSNVC and Foxes
is the following. When Foxes has their opinion shows on at night, they at least pretend to
present both sides of the issue, although they may think that they're not doing it fairly. I may
think, oh, yeah, they have a populist no-radi, a conservative liberal team in handity and
coms. Oh, this is such garbage. This is crap. What Fox News is actually guilty of is
dumbing down the news. Having the news read by Bullheaded Blons and mixing in fake news stories
like Manor Rested for farting, etc. Always have breaking news flashing the screen with dramatic
sounders. Oh, here's this guy's an idiot. Yeah, Fox News is fair and balanced right. They
even pretend to have both sides. Hannity and coms. Coms is like a, he's like a, like a quizzling.
Talk about in a closet. They got him locked up in a broom closet somewhere and every once in a
while. It's like that thing that bit we got about Carolyn. Hey, it smells good in here. Tutsy and
like that. Then she makes a sound and then they cut her right off. That's the Alan Coms. Who are you
kidding? Fox noise. Overman calls it an aptly so Fox noise. It's garbage. But then again,
there are a lot of people out there who they're they they're they're in shrawled with garbage like
Sarah Palin those for a few days. Oh, she's a hockey mom. She's so, uh, hey, man. She's so wonderful. She
bubble-headed bitch trailer trash slut. By the way, I gotta go out and get the inquirer. I forgot
to do you forgot to remind me I stick. Go buy the nonsense. I like to show better with calls.
All look at that. 89 emails. 87. I don't care. 65 243. They're cranking and spanking it, baby.
They're freaking the poll. Trust me. Keepers keepers up. Here's some of those freaking creepers.
The projects. 40. You'll find 60 QAM. The fourth leader. It's Friday. You bastard.
I'd like to take a vacation this fun. But it looks like I won't go anywhere.
Because I can't afford to be driving my Ford. It gossles gas like I go over.
And if I keep thinking about it too long, I get angry and frustrated inside.
Looks like this summer will be a big bummer. I can't even go for a ride. When the change in the price of crude
changes your attitudes and all you can do is complain. To fill up my tank, I'll be
driving a bank. You'll have hope. Pack the tank if I do that someday.
Remember when gasoline was inexpensive. It was back in 1968.
We need to find an alternative fuel source and we're at least 10 years too late.
Because nobody planned for tomorrow. That's why it's such a mess we're in.
Feeling like fools using up fossil fuels and we're over a barrel again.
When the change in the price of crude means we're all really screwed and all we can do is complain.
We'll spend all our bucks just to build up our trucks while we watch our economy.
Go down the drain. Go down the drain. Go down the drain. Go down the drain.
Come to the machine at 560 WQM. The debate is on tonight, baby. Forget about the bailout and about the cop out
and about the coming out and all this other crap. Let's watch the debate and see who says what.
I see if the machine falls down. I just can't wait.
It's like, oh is that your cell phone again making them funky little noises? Wow.
That's embarrassing. I'm going to put it on vibrate. I'm going to put it on vibrate.
So it'll make fun of me anymore. Sounds really gay.
Yeah, my black release makes it like a manly sound. Sure. I can make this make any sound I want it to make.
Yep. Can you? Sure.
Oh. I can make that sound too. Oh, better not. That would be really bad.
263 votes on the poll. Boy, it's back and forth. It's up and down in and out. It's the old yin and yang.
It's the old the teach and chong. I like to show better with emails 96 calls 93. I don't care.
72. 263 votes and Chris's goal is a million today. We got to get a million votes.
Otherwise, it don't count. Okay. And I think some people are trying to vote a million times.
I'm sure that I'll talk to Eric. You'll do what? No, don't. Don't. I don't like no
phone evoke like that. The time's that pull that crap that I'm telling you Zach is the he's the evil.
Everybody thinks, oh, that's Zach is really great with that scratching, gravelly voice, you know.
He is the evil door. He's the I think he's still on the payroll over there. He probably is still
hanging out with Joel Feinberg. I think that I think they got naked pictures of them doing mules together.
I really try not to picture that. What? Yeah. That's a nice. Don't eat conjure that image.
Joel Feinberg and Zach. Doug Thompson. I'm Capitol Hill. Blue has got one of his rearer.
A rants. You want me to read it? It's very short. He's always succinct and right to the point that he's
to ask that. I like to be kind of people like Doug Thompson and Oberman. Rift ass. Just tell it like
it is. Don't beat around a bush. Oops. That's the headline in this article by the way. Another
monumental failure by Bush. Even before his bone being response to a financial crisis, the threatens
to plunge this country into a full blown depression. President George Bush had already assured
himself the title of the biggest failure in presidential history. I'm getting choked up just
thinking about it. The Iraq war hurricane Katrina. Many other failures sealed his membership in the
political hall of shame. The collapse of America's economy just adds more evidence that Bush is
without a doubt the worst and a long line of failed leaders of what was once a great country.
It doesn't matter if Bush is badly conceived bailout, planned passes, Congress or not. He's completed
his mission of destroying this country, gutting it from the inside, eviscerating our freedoms,
trampling our rights and burying a once admired notion of a country.
Osama Bin Laden's goal when he sent his fanatics to crash planes into the World Trade Center,
Pentagon and other buildings, was to strike at the heart of America's strength, our economy.
He wanted us to be sure, but it took Bush and his gang of crooks, these con-artisan scoundrels
to complete the mission. Our constitution lies in shreds on the floor ready to be gathered up
and flushed into the political sewer that is Washington. Our rights disappeared and that sewer
long ago buried under mountains of partisan, putrid, extram- that pours out of the rectums of the
politically extreme. I'm going to read that sentence again. Could you? Our constitution lies in
shreds on the floor ready to be gathered up and flushed into the political sewer that is Washington.
Our rights disappeared into that sewer long ago buried under mountains of partisan,
putrid, extram- that pours out of the rectums of the politically extreme.
We're nation drowning in the diarrhea of distraction, suffocated by a government of greed.
What sounds like Doug's got the one thing on his mind. If there was an escape route, it disappeared
into the sewer long ago. When he finally leaves office January 20, 2009, Bush will lead behind a
broken dysfunctional government that can't be repaired by one man or woman or even an army of
two reformers, even a such an army existed on either side of the political spectrum. Congress
under democratic rule remains the same muddled, myopic mess that existed under GOP leadership.
Neither party can put aside partisanship long enough to show any two-concerned love of country.
Elected leaders who put party above country betray the constitution they swore to uphold
both parties fail on this critical test. Bush spent months denying our recession existed,
even as the countries stood closer and closer to a full-fledged depression. Now, when the end is
near, he offers up a plan to plunge a deficit-ridden nation further into debt and a risk-eventure
to save a system that most likely cannot be saved. It'll be the final nail into the coffin,
it'll serve forever as the symbol of the presidency of George W. Bush. Sadly, that coffin will not
be used to bury Bush. It'll be needed to bury the remains of the nation he destroyed.
How do you like that, says Doug Thompson? Stick that in your...
Brechtone!
And watch the moon shine. Drink the moon shine. However, that old saying goes. How's Zico?
I don't know. You know how it goes.
No.
Chris knows how it goes.
Here's a couple of emails. Here's one from
See You on the
Corner after the show.
Seeing You on the Corner Cecil and Spadina. I don't think so.
I doubt it.
He'll, what do you think about Jesse Ventura as a presidential candidate?
Oh yeah, he's really very viable, right?
The show on MSNBC lasted one night because he opened up a mouth and said things they don't want on the year.
He seems to be making the rounds and seems more sincere by wanting to direct the incompetent
government we currently have. That's all the more reason he's got no chance. Being the atheist,
Godless truth telling a goofball that he is, no chance. He beat the system of Minnesota and by
yes, your thoughts. Yeah. No chance. Two chances none and much less than none.
I like to show better with the emails 104 calls 95. I don't care 76 277.
The calls are mounting, baby. Mounding just like the deficit.
Mounding. Oh, here's that article about the down developer once casinos in Miami Beach.
And by the way, you notice since the slots, the slots came in.
Speaking of newspapers and all the other fear mongers, all those one are bandits. Oh, remember the
hero in the Sunsendle, both scaring the crap out of everybody. I'm actually your friend Stan
Worth, I remember is that all these years that they kept South Florida as the sleepy toilet that it is.
Crime infested bug infested toilet. Just waiting for the next hurricane to come and blow everybody's
roof away as opposed to living and breathing in great place it could be. I'll tell you one thing,
you go to a hard rock, for example, there's like a whole bunch of living and breathing people there,
add a bunch of old parts like me too. See, that's the common misconception that people like George
and Chris spread. And that is that people who play slots and go to casinos are all old, old
toads like me. No, I said, uh, it was for women too. I guarantee that on any given day,
Edward Vine, or any of these South Florida casinos, racecinoes, you'll find about 50, 50.
Yeah, including a lot of young men and women. You know, just bust in your bowls, you know,
no, you're not. All right. Grandma, what do you know? Slipper, right?
I'll give away. We don't have two nickels to rub together. We don't know about the casinos and slots.
Got a couple pennies though. You better get some instruction from the quarter schlock,
I'm a sir, because you sure don't know your slots. What did I ever do to you?
That guy, what a puts. What a puts. And some of these chronic's, man, like I said, they show up on
emails and delete, delete, delete. There's some people that exist as you know, just to be annoying.
That's that's all they can do. That's the whole purpose for their existence on this crappy globe
that we're stuck on is to annoy. And I just, all in fact, speaking of the quarter schlock guy,
here's a email from Antonio who says, dearest dynamic duo, you can do a program with your
hands tied behind your back and still make it great. Well, we already got our hands tied behind
our back. With this regime we got here, this obnoxious disgusting grotesque gruesome regime.
Neil Loz skits you have those songs imitation of politicians and celebrities are phenomenal,
spelled with an F. Where do they come from? Who does them? I personally like these three. One, Mr.
Red calling the hardware store and saying, I'll play that. Two alpichinos, you fairy. You fairy.
That actually made me see the movie and it was good. Don't get regular in Ross. It's great.
And three silence of lambs that puts the lotion into basket. Thank you very much for any
explanation of my question. Keep up the air. Slow and work. Saludos to George. PS, where is the
quarter schlock guy? Why hasn't he emailed you? And it's signed Tony, Mr. quarter schlock guy
of West Kennel. In other words, I have to watch.
George is the new Roger sport radio 560 QAM. The sports leader. I mean, Crab feed.
Neil Rodgers sports leader. Best in the day filed for bankruptcy. I struck the ending to
what we can do. Forentic negotiations. This time the fed said, you're on your own.
Customers are worried about the safety of their deposits. It's my money.
The sat day in America. It's reminiscent of the Depression.
You're fired. You're fired. Well, yes, he's been fired.
It's another great depression and the why not doesn't even care.
And I like to fish.
Not so fast, partner. You owe me some money.
What do you recommend for severe depression?
Barrow the money. Not to steal the money. To borrow the money.
Pro 32, QAM. I mean the slice of craft cheddar.
That's good. We're George. Right here. Oh, I thought you hate craft.
I do. That's why I'm eating it. Fett. No, I don't have any more weenies.
I got a couple of brow worst in there, but then I would have to put them on the flavor wave,
you know, takes too long. Although I'll tell you one thing, a brow worst after you cook it,
and then you nuke it for about 45 seconds with a slice of cheddar over top of it.
Mm-hmm. And it's, you don't like craft cheddar?
I don't like craft period. Well, why not?
They suck. It's foul. They make everything out of the same ingredient.
They just have this big, processed food. It's big, fat of goo.
And they just had one color of flavor. And that's that's their various products.
And the invent is Miracle Whip. The most far-bis and a goyacadal touch.
Yeah, foul. And people replace mayonnaise with that. And it poisons everything that you put it in.
You're evil. I hate craft.
That's where I just turned on. I reached over and I turned on the monitor.
I would see what it looks like there. The phone's free.
The phone monitor. Yeah, well, I'm going to turn on Spanish soap opera. How's that?
I got nine dots. Well, the pole is so close, you know.
I think it might be interesting just to see what's happened here in these last two and a half weeks.
You don't want to? Do you want to do it?
90 votes. Double dark dairy. What? Take a collar too?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 in a Verizon 18T wireless line.
Let's, let's, I mean, it's almost even Stephen.
113 with emails, 98 in the calls, 79 say they don't care out of the first 292 votes.
Now, what's the delay catches up in about four hours? Then, you know, it'll be too late.
We got the big O from Kendall Toyota.
Brock solid. Coming up at two o'clock and then mad dog and then the first bitch.
You think the delay is caught up there? Maybe they're just not going to call.
How long is the succession of delays we have about 45 minutes?
Let's see, one is 20. Do you want to think about 10?
Yeah. So about 30 seconds and all.
I don't see anything happening on there.
Well, I remember it takes a little while to, you know, wake up and get the phone.
I just want to make sure it was working.
On fact, when you were on vacation that week or wherever the hell it was,
yeah, was it flea who didn't have the phone pod open?
Somebody may be flaky.
2 a.m. Hello.
A very weak.
Try again.
Very weak.
A stunt, a fake pro-zac run.
I'm wrong.
Incredibly weak.
WDQA M. Hello.
Sounds like a very controversial shoe or deal.
A fake, fake Reverend Jones.
Fake pro-zac.
Wow.
What?
No, nothing then when people would have taken them.
I don't mind you going with me with a little.
I think this one is just a dial tone.
Okay.
For you 98 people who like the calls better.
That's it.
Here's an email that says I'm sorry about eating the cheese.
You believe in them, sir?
No, no.
I'm not.
Didn't think so.
It's my lunch.
Neal, the emails are much better than the calls.
It makes me roll my eyes when I hear those same idiots.
Don't they know they're a waste of sperm?
At least the emails are different and a lot more interesting.
Love you, Neal.
I look forward to your show every day.
Respectfully, Google Gods.
Even Google Gods hates the calls.
Wow.
WQA M. Hello.
Wonderful program.
No, wonderful.
Another faker, QA M. Hello.
Kelly Craig is a hottie.
QA M. Hello.
Neal.
Yes.
The real Reverend here, having called the wow.
How's it going?
Yeah, right.
It is.
It is.
Jordan now.
Who cares?
Who cares?
WQA M. Hello.
There are nail walkers.
Yes, with the phony boys.
Yes.
How you doing, Mike?
Okay, phony boys.
WQA M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yeah, I was wondering if I could call in my email.
If you can do what?
If I can call in my email.
Yeah, go ahead.
I thank you.
He's calling it in.
We're sending it and mailing it and he's calling it in.
Well, what do you think so far?
I don't think this experiment's going to last awfully long.
No.
What do you mean, no?
I don't think it was.
I was like pushing.
Chris, wasn't he pushing for me to take a bunch of calls?
That's right.
He was totally doing that.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Boy, it's pretty weak.
We're waiting for somebody.
We got that big debate coming up tonight.
We got the economy is going to hell in a hand basket.
We're having a big recession.
Maybe the pressure in the world is coming to an end.
And these people are like, and we want this developer wants
casinos in Miami Beach and in downtown Miami.
Casinos where there's gambling going on.
Where the devil is inside with his pitchfork.
And you're going to get forked.
Nobody QAM, hello.
Neil, how are you doing, buddy?
Okay.
Hey, thank God for taking some calls for a quick couple of seconds.
Just got back into town.
It was in Ohio for the summer.
What happened to the jerk?
He's done.
He's back across the street.
Are you kidding?
And you got him in the bag?
He's in.
He got Galdi back.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, plenty of gold.
Goldie bits, please.
See you.
Thanks.
I love that one.
It's quite a good one.
Goldie.
Here's an email.
It says, I've been listening since 1991.
I call two times over 10 years.
I'm from the Boston area and going back.
Your voice is sanity and insane place.
I did a wood floor for Wally, Hennessy.
He was a good customer and tipped me well.
Good customer.
What do I say?
My son and his friends love the show.
He's 17.
Some of his friends are friends of George on my space.
Woo!
Thanks, Paul.
Good luck to you.
How do you like them?
By the way, guys.
I want Andrew Raycroft back.
That's right. He's gone.
Anyway, he's gone.
And once he's gone, he ain't coming back.
Who?
WQYM.
Hello.
Neil, I think we should call John McCain to get that right.
WQYM.
Hello.
Good afternoon.
Dave Margate-Colon.
Who?
Dave from Margate.
Oh.
Yeah.
What do you got, Pete?
What's that?
What do you got?
Well, what do I got?
I'm working for the Barack Obama campaign.
I'm a volunteer.
Yeah.
And I just wanted to call Steve to get to encourage people
to stop on out at these volunteer offices and lend a hand.
When the hand doing what?
We're getting people to vote.
You know, we're doing phone calls.
We're canvassing.
We're doing a lot of things.
I work at the Margate office.
We've broken up into a lot of little groups.
And we go out in town to pavement to get people to vote for Barack Obama.
Yeah.
Well, what can people do?
Do you want them to call you?
Yeah.
Call them and see what they could do to volunteer.
I mean, we'll, we'll, depending on where they're from.
What's the number, Dave?
Wow.
Okay.
311.
What?
Nothing.
Oh, listen.
It just gets better and better.
Oh, I know.
I mean, I didn't have any expectations.
And believe you me, they've already exceeded whatever they were.
311 votes.
I like to show better with the emails.
120 calls.
105.
I don't care.
84.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Here is your project.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
It's Friday.
You bastard.
Sorry.
I into the clear blue.
Yonder.
Wander.
Fashion.
The gate.
This boy will maybe rat you in on the city crash.
No less than five jet late.
Crashly came all American.
E-roll.
Fighter by the father.
It.
As his motor skills would habit he drives an automatic.
He can't take a regular shit.
Crashly came.
He made a lousy pilot.
Crashly came.
As water on his brain.
Crashly came.
As used in those guidance.
Crashly came.
Just good and fly a plane.
He was the stay in Iraq.
For a hundred years.
Until our occupations.
It won.
The theme of his campaign is country repressed.
But they bailed you say which one.
God's fair and the solve our policy problem.
Had the drop of a bomb.
In this racist nation's system as in.
The you can color as found.
Crashly came.
You don't want him driving.
Crashly came.
This country in a ditch.
Crashly came.
The worst pilot ever.
Crashly came.
And a soccer bomber bitch.
Crashly came.
What a crappy pilot.
Crashly came.
By lazy augurion.
Crashly came.
Somehow he survived it.
Crashly came.
That's not good.
This is your pair.
I could exactly defend.
We can.
Top 45.
She's a hockey mom from Alaska.
She's a slut.
223 votes on the pool.
Tendon, yeah, 23.
What's your goal?
6,000?
Chris.
I'll think about seven.
Seven votes.
I'd like to show better with emails.
One 24 calls.
One 08.
I don't care.
88.
And the ones who are voting for calls.
Believe you me.
Lot of creeping going on.
W.D. Q.A.M.
Hello.
Yes.
What would you consider to be more
talented?
Yes.
Chris D or foul government now.
W.D. Q.A.M.
Hello.
Eagle adding Canada.
OK.
There we go.
I forgot about that one.
He hasn't caught you though.
Doesn't he?
I don't think so.
I'll be all yours.
Legal, holy oil in Florida.
Get back on a banana boat.
OK, sweetheart.
Maybe you'll run into Ilihan.
Despite the fact that there's still a logger.
I'm over the proposed $7 billion bailout plan.
Republican presidential candidate,
John McCain, decided today
that he will debate Senator Barack Obama
anyhow, any who.
No such agreement has been reached.
But Republicans said the standoff
was hurting McCain's campaign.
And he would look terrible
if he ruined the nationally televised
eagerly anticipated debate
while Senator Barack Obama was ready to go on stage.
He's going to look terrible
regardless.
No matter how much pancake make up they
smear on his fuzzy face,
he's going to look like death boiled over.
McCain statement announced
the McCain campaign is resuming all activities
and the Senator will travel to the debate this afternoon.
Following the debate,
he'll return to Washington to ensure that all voices
and interests are represented in the final agreement,
especially those of taxpayers and homeowners.
Fox News, Fox Noise reported that Obama left
for the debate,
citing nearly an hour before the McCain statement was released.
And CNN breathlessly was showing him
waddling to the door.
There he goes. He's on the way to Mississippi
with a banjo on his knee.
All right.
Tonight, debate night in America, baby.
I'm going to be sitting there,
going to have a bunch of onion rings
and Cheetos and Fritos.
Maybe some matocho bell.
Yeah.
I keep threatening to go to Taco Bell and I never think about it.
Are you threatening me?
Yes.
Scott and Sunrise says since it's been a few years since I've heard you
on the subject of whatever became Ariel Sharon,
I see on his bio that he's been in a persistent vegetative state since
November,06 then hook up to a feeding tube.
They don't believe he'll ever recover.
Keep up the good work, Neil God.
So Scott, yeah, well, that's good news.
He's a real far-bison.
Last thing he said was,
I'm dying over here.
Passed the Humbertosh and please.
Oh my God.
How can you knock Ariel Sharon such a nice, fat Jewish boy?
Easy.
And I see, oh, it would all work resign.
I think Ariel Tura's over there.
325 votes on Chris's marginal pull.
I like to show better with emails called.
We shouldn't have at least 50,000 on there now.
I think Jolly Joe's got a point.
And hopefully it's in his spectrum.
I hope that a gigantic worm from outer space
works its way into his ass over the weekend.
Wow, you know something?
I bet you they examined it.
Probably the protagonist finally would find one.
Hedge organic.
Huge.
As big as your arm.
Crawl up there and just in,
well, of course he's already infected.
He's damaged goods.
Jolly Joe.
That's so funny, Neil.
Nitwood.
Absolute nitwood.
That's why he and Clarence and Joyce get along so well.
I don't know what to tell you.
Norm Neil should call the police.
Oh, by the way, speaking and calling the police,
that nitwood is back under a hundred different aliases on the emails again.
Is he now your friend from Hylia?
What's wrong?
You know, I have so many.
You know the one.
No.
There's a hurricane coming.
Sir, oh, that one.
That one.
Mirio, crazy.
Go away, Mirio.
You bug me.
Maybe I will call the police.
Not on him on Joyce.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
Hopefully they'll get you that caller ID where you can weed out the idiot.
No, they can they can don't know how to do that.
Yeah, it's too expensive, I guess.
That's right.
Nitwood.
I can't wait for the debate tonight.
It's been fun watching McCain self-imploded.
That's right.
He's self-immolating.
That's right.
He's vert up about it.
Yeah, and one thing about this whole money bailout that talk about 700 billion.
The first draft, this three page deal is with no oversight.
It was like, let's give them 700 billion to spend anyway they want.
That's right.
One thing that people are a little concerned about, you know, you can call conspiracy,
but they're talking about they're bringing over one of the military groups from Iraq's
coming to the US and is actually going to be patrolling for security purposes,
which goes against the Constitution of Toste, Comatotis, whatever.
You're not supposed to be able to have the military work in the US.
That's why you have the National Guard.
Instead of saying that, you know, maybe by the time the elections come around,
they're going to have that money to use as well as the military.
Marshall Law, baby.
Marshall Law.
Exactly.
Which is an unrealistic, I mean, look what they've been doing.
It's the next phase.
I mean, what's the state couldn't have to, you know?
Well, thanks for your optimism.
How many QAM?
Yes, I'd like to speak to Neil, please.
Speaking.
Chuck.
Chuck.
Chuck one.
Chuck this.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
Speak.
The last thing is daily.
I don't need your last name or your first name.
This is Neil.
Speak to me.
How are you, Neil?
Yeah, that's me.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Why don't you stop listening to the sound of your voice on the radio.
We have an 80 minute delay and talk to me, okay?
Can't do it.
Can you, Chuck?
Now there goes Chuck.
He's gone.
Once he's gone, he's gone.
Why were you so rude to him?
What?
Root my ass.
I'm sure it wouldn't be the first time.
Neil?
Is this Neil?
Chuck and Neil?
Chuck.
Yeah, I'm up, I'm up, Chuck and right now, Chuck.
God.
He makes you, he makes you Jones for the Reverend.
Your gay.
Oh, speak of that Susan, uh, Susan wants to know,
who is the Reverend Jones and why does he harass you?
Your gay.
Because he's an A-hole, a lifeless A-hole.
In fact, his,
I have no life.
That's the thing.
He goes back a long way.
It's one of the real lifeless chronics.
Him and his buddy, who he calls the boyfriend,
wannabe, they want to be on the radio.
Yeah, they want to be on the radio.
So they, they actually tape their own calls to talk shows,
not just to this show, and they make CDs of their calls to talk shows,
which are at home, a sexual tolerance.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I got it.
That's the Reverend Jones, Susan.
The less you think about him, the happier you'll be in a longer life, you'll live.
329 votes on the poll.
But I think it slowed down to a crawl because they're crisming pushin' it.
Oh, what's it?
What?
You're not pushin' it, man.
You're not even involved in the show today.
You're probably shooting me.
Maybe we should make that pay.
Emails and calls, like as a, what?
Maybe we should add emails and calls as a choice.
Stan Majors,
Lister since W. West, you went and enjoyed the show.
I heard a bit about a month ago.
Wonder if it can be added to the Way Fire Library.
It's Stan Major asking, listen to Over and Over again.
What kind of material you wanted to hear on the show?
Keep up the great work and emails are just fine.
Yeah, maybe I'll do both.
Let's see.
Just left Taco Bell, wish me luck later, says Rob.
Good luck later on the Bull Rob.
Now, what's the Stan Major thing?
promo, right?
Right.
Stan and Don, Stan Major Blues.
Oh, here it is.
Stan Major.
Now, a news talk radio show.
Canas in New York, so I will do you.
If you have one kind of content, you want.
Be quick to insist.
Well, then what the hell is your problem?
Canas in New York, fella.
What he would do is you're, I don't want to come back.
I just told you that.
Well, then who do you want?
Who do you want?
You want Alan Burke?
No, I'll put that on.
I think that's it.
You want Joey Reynolds?
No, I'll put that on.
Then what the hell do you want in the air?
Silence.
Is that all we have to do?
What do you give me a name?
But is that all we have?
Who do you want?
Is that all we have?
What kind of content do you want?
That's not during two to six.
I did.
Here, the next stand major show.
This afternoon at two on New York Radio 6th and WILD.
Anybody buy a good watch lately?
And how about that Milky Way star?
Yeah, you're right.
He looks homeless in that video.
And homeless?
Oh, homeless goes without saying.
That's why hung around with Stan.
He made me look much better.
I've done that.
That's good advice for all you other ugly guys out there.
Like me, hang around with guys even uglier
than you are if you can find one.
And then they always make you look better.
Wow, look at that ugly guy.
Stan looks like a canome, an old canome.
Right?
Looks like a character out of a Jonathan Swift novel.
Although not so swift.
QAM, hello.
I see the George's at the QAM.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
I'll be able to open it up by.
WQAM, hello.
Thank you.
Thank you.
First off, I want to say to people going to the polls.
I don't know if you're going to open the phones again.
So I just want to give a heads up.
Don't wear your Obama shirts.
Don't wear the Obama pins because I'm scared
of what these people will do.
And some of the people they say at the polls
will try and turn you around.
If your address doesn't match what it's supposed to be
on the voter registration, don't believe that crap.
Don't believe it.
All that has to be in your name.
Bring your social security card if you want to.
I'm just real scared new.
I don't know what they're going to do this turn out.
I think they're going to fool the machines
for some don't give them a chance to even know them.
You know, Obama voters go there undercover and do your voting
because these people are scary.
Look what they did.
They went and got this crazy lady from Alaska.
And I don't even know what to say about that.
It's like some guy trying to impress his ex girlfriend
and goes and buys a new car.
But we don't want them.
We don't want to carry with all of any of that crap.
And I'm just very fine.
And people be smart when you go out there
because they're going to be tricky.
Wear a mask.
Wear your Halloween outfit, baby.
Wear a mask.
What's the biggest name?
The best outfit.
This is your budget.
4.560 QAM.
Think.
4th leader.
Oh, boy.
It's the one to two hour.
You ferry.
Election day.
The first Tuesday in November.
When you go to low.
Please don't ask your ballot.
We're subtle, cranky dope.
Plants like the man who gives us hope.
Vote for Corcoran.
And what you'll find.
It's not because he's have black and have white.
It's because he is the best candidate.
And if you have heard his message
and followed his campaign,
there's no way you could vote for John McCain.
Vote for Barack.
And vote for Joe Biden.
And if Barack fees a cake.
Then conservatism will rise.
No guilty.
We lucky or what?
We got the mad dog back at 4.
And we got Curtis for a D8 and a 2.11.
I just thought I'd mention that in passing.
And we got the keens tomorrow.
Then the dolphins don't play this weekend.
So they can't lose this week.
That's going to be ugly.
That's San Diego game next week.
Chris, that's going to be ugly.
Hey, you never know.
It's going to be ugly.
You said that about the Patriots.
Yep.
Well, the difference being San Diego has got
like their whole team.
And they'll show up.
Maybe.
Let me say it again.
They'll show up.
OK.
I like to show better with emails 135,
calls 109.
I don't care 91.
How to 338 votes.
Now, what do we have on the,
oh, we had a thousand and something on the first one
from yesterday, right?
OK.
And then what do we have on the one that disappeared?
Chris.
Let's see.
We had a thousand one and then you can't find that one.
Can you?
No, I don't think so.
No, no.
Damn it.
Because yesterday combined, we did over 1,500 votes
on the two polls.
I would be surprised if we did 7 million today.
Eat your heart out.
All you Negatory goofballs, including Joe Bell,
who's busy listening to the guys across the street.
Well, somebody's got to.
I can't believe that he actually said that to you
with the copy machine this morning.
I can't believe he's, that you guys speak to each other.
Why?
Because you're associated with this show.
Oh, you work on this show at times when they let you.
Hey, he tells me he likes the show.
When did he tell you that?
He's told me many different times.
He listens to the show all the time and he really likes it.
You know something you're a crazy person.
I'm just telling you what he's told.
He's crossing his fingers and his eyes and his legs,
George's ears.
No, no, no.
He can't cross his legs.
Are you kidding me?
Oh, my God.
Talk went up for a little, George.
Oh, and we had 187 on the going to kill people.
101.
180, going to kill me?
Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
So that's 1189 and 344.
No, 1188, 101 and 187.
Will you relax?
Jesus.
13.
1532.
We got to shout at 16100 votes today.
16100 votes.
Do you have any idea how dramatic that is?
No, how?
I don't know.
Media, medium dramatic.
Here is an email that just came in during the break in big, bold,
capital letters.
What are you doing?
You hang up that phone right now, young man.
It must be for somebody else.
It's his young man.
If I hear one...
I, I, I, I, or I'm your friend.
It's going to send me right over the edge.
Don't do it, Neil.
Just don't do it.
And then the tiny letters at the end,
it says, please.
Cute.
From Marpart.
Doesn't say which part, just Marpart.
Well, excuse me.
I didn't think it was all that bad.
It wasn't good.
It definitely wasn't good.
I think I'm going to do like a combo deal from now on.
What do you mean?
I'm going to do with email stories and a couple of calls here and there.
You don't like that?
Sure, why not?
Mix and match.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil Hayden.
Okay.
Who's going to be bobbin' up to run this rather moody thing
on a continuous loop to the election?
Yeah, it ought to be.
It ought to be on 24-7.
It should be all, I mean, now you have...
But you're in a good part of it.
At least you'll get rid of the witches, though.
Well, maybe.
Yeah, they'll be run out of town.
You have one...
And Halloween ain't that far away.
You have one open thing up, but there were two.
There was another one.
The first book, the one you have up has her, the video from her,
from June of this year.
And then there's one of...
When he actually blessed her.
It's on there somewhere.
Yeah, you got to...
You should be two of them up there.
You have one somewhere.
That's just...
That has to be one constantly.
There's no doubt about it.
It's unbelievable.
Crazy people, man.
Crazy.
Woo-hoo-hoo!
Thanks, Bill.
See ya.
Wait till the scandal really erupts
a thing that's in the inquiry this week about her banging
her husband's business partner.
Slot, they're trailer trash.
Don't you understand?
What part of trailer trash don't you understand about that bitch?
God.
Of course, the bloom is off of that rose already.
And what about it?
Panning.
The idea that they sidetracked this whole McCain attempt
to avoid tonight's debate and push it back so they could push back her debate
and then eventually forget all about it.
Now she's going to actually have to show up next Thursday.
That'll be a good poll.
Does anybody really believe that Sarah Palin will show up to debate your Biden
next Thursday night?
Meet me in St. Louis.
Louis.
What do you think?
Yeah.
Maybe the sheep will be lonely.
Maybe she'll have to go back to a wasilla to tend the sheep.
Oh, speaking of that, a battle Creekman is in prison for having sex with the sheep
and he won't have to register as a sex offender.
Aren't you pleased?
OK, good.
When I went to Michigan State, I've told you this before, originally when I was in East
Shaw Hall across the street because Michigan State was originally back in the
40s in agricultural college.
So they had like agricultural things.
You know what I mean?
Like activities.
Yeah, and like animals.
Yeah.
And so across the street there was a thing where they kept sheep.
What do you call a thing like a pen?
Yes.
Like a pen.
A pen.
Like state pen.
And anyway, more than one of the kids in East Shaw bragged about the fact that he was
over there at night screwing the sheep.
Yeah.
Yeah, what?
That's something to brag about, all right?
Well, hey, they were from like little towns, you know, like a wasso and yeah, still.
And then lots of little towns.
Have you ever met anybody from Ishtubing, Michigan?
No.
Yandot.
It's a Yandee.
The sex offender registry act is not applied to Jeffrey Haines because his victim was not a human.
The Michigan court of appeals decided the ruling released this week.
Haines 45 is serving 30 months to 20 years after pleading no contest in February 2006.
Prosecutors led to the sex with the animal and bed for township January 26 2005.
As part of his sentencing, Haines was ordered by Calhoun County Circuit Court judge Conrad Synth.
To register as a sex offender when released from prison, he became eligible for prologue 12th,
but remains in inmate at the par highway correctional facility in Adrian.
Oh, now there is a town Adrian, Michigan baby almost as exciting as Hillsdale, not quite.
Synth agreed with assistant prosecutor Tamara Towns who argued at the sentencing it was possible.
Haines would pray on children or vulnerable adults.
He's a predator town's told the judge, a predator like Neil Rogers.
But Haines said at the time he wasn't violent and wouldn't assault children.
I take full responsibility for what I did wrong.
Haines said, I'm sorry for what I did, but I'm not a child molester would never touch a child.
How about a baby lamb?
The prosecutor is being real hard on me for what I did, but I shouldn't be treated as a child molester.
Synth disagreed and said this act is so representative of someone who sexually perverted that I'll order he register on a sex offender list.
I don't understand what the connection is.
I mean, I'm an old pervert, but I ain't going to be banging those sheep.
What if it's really cute?
So sorry that somebody what nothing just told myself a joke I never heard before.
Nivya, well, most have been funny than the ones we were getting there on the you know what I mean?
It was a nice lap.
It was a joke son there. Thank God.
That's good.
Yeah, it's a good thing.
Oh, here's a few things.
Let's see.
See, this is good.
I mean, I can like spread my attention all over the place.
Maybe take a little look at the phone, take a look at the emails, take a look at my bedtime stories, take a look at the mirror and say, oh my God, am I fat?
Here's one from Mag.
I love your show.
I've been listening since I moved to South Florida 20 years ago.
I'm 51 year old female.
I agree with almost everything you say except I love the dolphins and hate the pets.
Have a great weekend.
Love, Mag.
Well, screw the dolphins.
Okay, Mag and have a great weekend too.
That's for you.
Screw the fish.
Oh, no, that's that guy in the battle creek.
He's in the fish too.
I don't know.
They kind of like squirming squish and get away really.
Yeah.
Got to dry him off.
Maybe catfish.
Now, here's one that's a smart people will vote early and often.
Yeah.
Evil says I can't find the grapefruit body wash in my local publics nor can I find the axe scrubber.
Any suggestions where I could look thanks to evil?
Well, somebody sent you the pink grapefruit body wash.
Correct.
So it's out there somewhere and I think they got it at publics and the axe shower tool is available at Walgreens.
Really?
Yeah, looks like a tractor tire.
What do you do with it?
Well, it's time to retire.
That's right.
I'm not sure if you saw this, but it explains why what?
Oh, I said won't be in New York.
Should I print this out?
It's from the beast.
Okay.
Then it's going to be good.
With ESPN just in for the ratings and local media high and hypocrisy, fans out in the cold is the headline in this article by Bob Reesman in the New York Daily News.
See, leave it to the beast to be reading a subversive papers like the New York Daily News.
Let's see, print this page.
Print it.
Can I print it?
Print it.
I'm printing it right now.
And you know what?
It won't print.
Oh, there we go.
When it's out, print it out.
And then do the break and come back and watch.
We're not.
Get the best out of it.
People with new projects, 4.00 to 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The chick is assing, then I'll steal his two pay.
Hey, Faro.
By the way, sir, I've been giving it some stuff.
See, oh, what do you think it is?
I know that me and you in the news, much better go in 6 to 10 and not in 5.
A Gentile in the cranky Jewel.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your weary bed.
Strap down to tight.
No chance I'll go and show it to you.
I'd rather die.
We'd be crappy together.
Why I'll help you know that I'm a big puppy Jewel.
From Brooklyn Heights.
I've been raped by everybody but you.
You're not by time.
We in love, that's not with love.
No way that if we had a fight that you'd survive.
We'd want to hear a Gentile and push it tight.
That's crappy together.
That's bad.
That's bad.
That's bad.
That's bad.
And show what you and me for me is much better 6 to 10 and not 5.
That's only right.
That I should get more sleep at night.
That's life, that's life.
I'll take your sleep at night With friends with relatives
Good luck!
Be Happy Tagizer!
La La La hitta bong bought B WiFi!
