Oh
What but look at that right off the bat misfire. No, no, it's not a misfire just
He wants to done that not to down to the audition line. We'll just keep the drum going
Marijuana advocate Drew Kerry out of very special crisis right stoner edition
What oh we're back
Right
Dude it's Gary
Gary some Gary guy
Watch how a little weed can make pricing games much more interesting
Okay, the other one prevents is a combination recliner
Placering TV refrigerator and microwave you'll never have to get up again dude. What's your big Gary?
420
You won't believe a showcase showdown on the price is rights stoner edition
That is so cool
That the wheel keeps
And the fabulous prizes it's a trip to Amsterdam
So join Drew Kerry on the crisis rights stoner edition right before how I did bang hits with your mother on CBS
Okay 10 out to it 5 60 WDQM Monday January the 7th the way I look at it
This is like the first real week of the year last week with Phantom, you know
For example, here's a fact right off the bat. What a weak facts. Hey Ron
What are you trying to tell me Ron? I have no life. It says happy new year. Is it too late for that? Yes
Please add this to the pool drug testing. No
Let the bastards kill themselves. I want more home runs and heads exploding on the field. Thanks Ron
Oh
What are you trying to tell the world Ron? I have no life. I know that and now these poles oh
Oh, you were so right. Don't get the Charlie B poles. I'm ready waiting till not a start sunny. I forgot
Oh, tell me oh
Yeah
Oh my god, the new one here Spain is mainly in the
Don't ask love you Charlie B. But look at this. I know what's your favorite sandwich bread?
This is I
Mean talk about desperate Charlie
We're starting to reach now. The band is open enough a big lead in New Hampshire. Oh
Five ice willery
What's your favorite sandwich bread and for the choices? He's got bagel brown? Yeah Cuban
Falafel
We range
Peter Italian Kaiser World oatmeal pita
Pumpernickel rice sourdough white whole grain. Oh my and then I don't eat bread. What about the English muffin?
What about wonder bread? Sure bodies are all part of ways. I think I'm gonna have to do a joy after looking at these poles really and then a separate
Pull by Charlie B. What's your favorite sandwich filler?
Right liver worst Friday chicken. Oh
God
Whoo
These poles look at that what the married or single which age group are you most attracted to?
Young and hot that's the answer
Which applies to you? I'm a passport of the travel that I don't own a passport. Oh
How many states including Florida have you been due? Oh?
Whatever wherever Neil show may happen to find its next home. How long should it be? How about 80 hours?
This the you're right. This is the saddest group of desperate poles
I think the New Year may have affected Charlie B. Whatever whatever he had left
You know everybody runs out, you know even the Beatles ran out of its own. I mean even the pull we're using today from a Sean
It is weak. It is so bad, but I
Think we'll go back I'll go back to the beginning and start over again. You use the ones from ancient history
Why not I why not like it matters anyway?
That's right. That's a good point doesn't matter. You don't care because you're a heartache right?
US Navy warships today came very close
The shooting at an Iranian net revolutionary guard vessel which American officials say provoked US ships and
International waters according to CNN. Oh, we want that Iran war starting pretty damn soon
US officials are confirming to CNN that five Iranian revolutionary guard votes in their words
Hérast and provoke through US Navy warships sailing in the streets of her moves reports CNN's Barbara star who looks just like Hank
One of those Iranian votes came within 200 yards of a Navy warship
Iranian votes and also transmitted threats via radio according to officials according to the sources we've spoken to
Star continued the Iranians made threatening moves and threatening radio transmissions Barbara also said hey stupid
One of those transmissions was I'm coming at you and you will explode in a couple of minutes
Not that we're looking for an incident you don't understand that right so we start nuking Iran sure and then John McCain who's crazy in a bedbuck and starts singing
bomb bomb bomb bomb Iran
According to the CNN website one of the Iranian ships had been dropping white boxes into the water in front of US ships
Maybe their gifts
Maybe they're bagels and cream cheese following the radio transmission
The Navy ship prepared to fire and an Iranian vessel the official also tells CNN that when the radio transmission was heard
The Navy went to manning its positions its gun positions on those ship star reports and that they were very close to shooting
One of the Iranian votes in fact they were ready to shoot the orders had been given but no shots were fired
Nobody got hurt was an accident but nobody got hurt. How do you like that?
All right an accident but nobody got hurt
Septesio
Can't get you off the hook even for old times sake Sally
That's really and you know that's the greatest of front of them all
Margot Sally and then like always brains out
man
Okay, let's see how that pool came out although we got the pool in New Hampshire got all kinds of polls
We got polls up the nose
The Sun sentled it a poll and of course it should come as no surprise because keep one thing in mind who reads the newspaper
Do young women reading people read the new joke on the Simpson's last night about it's a dying medium
The newspaper yeah no kidding the print media. They just discovered that they know all know but they're making fun of it. Oh
Seven candidates emerged from the Iowa caucuses as top boat getters in the parties if the election was held today
Who would you vote for for president? That's what the Sun sent will pull asks?
They've got sixteen thousand plus responses, but that's more than we get on our poll and
So far of the first sixteen thousand three hundred twenty nine total and it says results not scientific as if
John Edwards thirty four and a half percent Barack Obama twenty two point seven swallowing sixteen point two percent
My cock will be five point nine John McCain five point oh mid Romney three point four Fred Thompson only two point eight none of the above nine point six percent
How do you like that? So no matter how you look at it swallowing I ain't doing that great and of course in the higher and New Hampshire
She's really she's taking a dive which will get to that momentarily
She's taking a jargon of that. She's gonna take a thrashing a thumping tomorrow night. I'd be shocked if she could close
She'll probably be third again
And what happens then then they go to South Carolina and she's gonna get wild there
Here's a poll from Friday and I'm so sorry we did this I mean our Johnny Depp fan
She's all excited about it put everybody else like and what kind of a poll is that that's a good question
What's your favorite Johnny Depp movie we had
14 everyone votes course it was over the weekend, but still that's pretty good
Paris to the Caribbean the first one to 18 I hate Johnny Depp 179. That's bad. How can you hate Johnny Depp? Oh, it's those people
Or you mean software? Yes, that's what it ain't Bonnie Brasco 131 that was my vote blow 116
No, Edward Cissar heads 95 and wood 92 fear loading and Vegas a horrible flick 82. What's eating Gilbert grape?
58 I never saw any Johnny Depp movie 49 well
Platoon 38 Don Juan de Marco 36 sleepy hollow 25 from a hell
24 the ninth gate 24 chocolate 23 Charlie and the chocolate factory 22
Benny in June 22 once upon a time in Mexico 21
Paris to the Caribbean 220 a nightmare in Elm Street 20 finding Neverland 18 secret window 18 like I said
You'll be very just kidding don't worry. I'm gonna skip it
Please life's too short. It's very interesting very you're captivating and in the end. Oh
One of the worst endings of all time
Cry baby 17 swingy Tom 13 parrots of the Caribbean 3 13 dead man 10
Private resort five corpse bride for before night falls to the man who cried to Nika time to the liberty
He's got one the braid got one and the astronauts wife and Freddy's dead to find light mayor both had
Zero out of over 14 and revoked pretty weak
So there you go. I'm glad we got that out of the way, you know
I'm so pleased that we got that out of the way now today's pull which I'll be even happier when this is over
We have 761 vote though Chris's count is a thousand votes already if we can do a thousand votes on a pull this bed
We might still have a semblance of an audience
765 why?
765 get it right shut up
What should be eliminated from professional sports was the pull question Sean who used to send his good polls
But ran out of material long time ago
What is he saying his message on here? He said I
Think huckabee voters get an extra vote each is a bonus for being able to find their way to the pooling place. I see well
His comments were just as good until February fifth as the
Pull what should be eliminated from professional sports?
In vocation 214 being the heathen that I am that's what I voted get rid of that crap keep your getchki crap in
Church in shul in the mosque wherever you want get it out of our face
People don't want to pay big bucks to go to a ballgame and then have some getchki get out there and Jesus name
Oh
Sports nerd fans 124 like the ones who listen to this station 20 hours a day
I mean fans is fine because you can't have sports without fans, but sports nerd fans. Oh
Don King 88 designated hitter 77 golf 75
3 man booth 54 yeah, of course at least two of them have to be x-jocks. It is written in the Bible
At least two of them have to be in articulate x-jocks who talk way too much and say nothing and
And then Phil sims man. I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna do something. I'm gonna break his kneecaps
On the sideline. I'm gonna take him on the sideline sometime. Yeah, he just nauseating
Lock your room interviews 40 year of nine pictures who hit like girls 34 the middle 50 yards of a soccer field 26
Two-minute warning 10. Yeah, but we gotta get the spots on extra point seven warm up pitches five follow shots to the huddle two out of
767 speed in the spot
No
Hello bloggers, sorry I haven't posted any new entries lately. I've been too busy playing Citar hero 3
Hey, anyway, there's two America and death to Israel and now check out this video. I shot the ayatola watching the two girls one cup video
I swear he almost lost junk
1017 at 560 wqm. Let's take a look at that schedule for today
We got the Jason Jerk show from two to four this afternoon. Hopefully he won't be bleeding through on our internet feed today
That's more fun way does yeah, I would do some pretty interesting crap on there
Uh, Jim mandates four to seven the mad dog
Then you got your dolphins all asses
Fortunately only 35 minutes of that crap seven to seven thirty five because we got the bcs championship game tonight
Oh, how I was staying LSU 735 oh
Boy
5 670 560 let's get a whole bunch of calls on here to celebrate the first official show of the new year. What do you say a rat?
What do you think do it and pound five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless line once that delay catches up
Now let me just make sure that this dump on works. Can I test it out? Can you tell for works? Yeah, we'll look at the room
Well, you'll do what he'll go look in the other room
Give him my god. Give him five seconds
Go ahead don't tell him he'll know I can do now. Yeah, okay. I just hit it now. What happened? It's something happened
I hope we have to wait for him to come back and
Then I have something happened
Listen filler music or something now we don't need no
What is your profession? He dumped
Chris open the door and asked if you had dumped something I said yes and now you guys go back and look again
No, the answer was no
It didn't work the answer again is no, go ahead ask me again. We could do this until what 10 30 at least a little right like this come on anymore anyhow
Wow, so the intercom doesn't work and the
Delay the dump button doesn't work but other than that, but the red light isn't flashing anymore. He changed the light bulb
Wow WDQA and hello
WDQA and hello
Neil yes
How are you buddy? Okay, I was weathering T.O. these days murky, but it's 52 degrees, baby
In the
Yes, on your pole there that this weekend I did vote on it, but one of the things I didn't see on there
Which I think you'll agree is to eliminate the juking and jiving in the end zone
Why is that who cares?
Well, that's something that you used to the heart bond for years about yeah, but I'm used to it now
They you know they wore me down. I don't care about all right. What do you think about?
I know with the with Dodd and
Biden dropping out and I think it's really a shame because I think there was a lot of talent in those two guys
They're not existing on the radar screen obviously because there's no actually zero media attention
But wouldn't it be nice if somebody like Barack got in and he took a culmination of all of these candidates with the
exception of swearing and made like his own little dream team as far as his administration goes
What's the big great idea sure
Okay, I could tell you not interested. No, sure absolutely right
Absolutely dream team
I'm out of here Johnny Cochran and Bobby Shapiro on the dream team. We can prop Johnny up
Okay
And one last thing is I got a movie for you to watch and that is a movie by the name of wonderland
Have you heard it now I've ever heard it
It's uh, I know it's called Val Kilmer. So before you do the
The last days of John Holmes after his movie career
I'm not into a Val Kilmer or John Holmes. Okay, I have a right day pal
Good intentions on that call very good intentions, but I'm not interested in John Holmes
I'm more interested in Sherlock Holmes quite frankly. Aren't you?
Sure, I mean John Holmes was grotesque his claim to fame was that he was hung like an elephant
But you know big deal. Let's see you right in the nature right big deal literally and
Figuratively that is correct when I right here just opened up. I didn't realize it but with his
sudden change in climate again. Yeah, it'll do it. He and foggy but 52 degrees. Wow
Wtq. I am hello
Wtq. I am hello
Wtq. I am hola
Yeah, yes
Um
You want that thing on Saturday?
The uh the debate absolutely not. Oh man. Hey, let me tell you something mega-itomps and dude. I just I want to step on his face
Yeah, you want to sit on his face? No, no step on it. Oh
Cuz the key is his smart
Remarks man that he plays up to that whole
Out smarter than now cowboy redneck thing mm-hmm and
I can't stand it man and they besides do hampsures like
When he's second place in the suicide contest, you know, right? Mm-hmm, but other than that man stay
Stay true real okay
Stay true be true to your show baby
Fred Thompson you got 10 chances and they're all in the minus column. We got no chance
He's got as much chances a little Dennis Kassinich and Ron Paul. Oh, but Ron Paul is a he's an internet phenom
He raised 18 million dollars big deal. We could use the 18 million by the way
Yeah, if he would just yeah, I'll write us a check for 18 million. I divvy it up with you guys. I share you know me
I'm generous to a fall very nice and we wouldn't come back tomorrow. We just say hey bye, jolly Joe
Bye-bye you fat slime bye-bye
But he ain't gonna do it because he's got an ego, you know, Ron Paul
He's always him and Fred Thompson both always had that kind of sour look on their face like somebody farted real bad and was probably McCain
Because McCain's certifiably crazy probably worse of bag these days. He's just crazy
Oh, yeah, he wouldn't pay the direct without weapons of man
He wouldn't have to make up a lie and we need to be there for at least a hundred years
He's just a crazy person for at right forever and every permanent colony right WDQ. I am hello
WDQ. I am hello
but
Oh boy, he's always ready. I'll say one thing for him, you know locked in the load WDQ. I am hello. No one guy go commercials
Q. I. M. Hello
Q. I. M.
WC now he wasn't ready Q. I. M. Hello. Hey, Mio. Happy New Year back to you. Yeah, McCain's love kind of freaks me out
But uh, in terms of politics, I mean who really cares if they're Republican, De Mercazette?
Kind of the day, you know, they're gonna do whatever they need to do whatever they need to say to get real elected
I mean, that's why you shouldn't get emotionally invested in anybody Republican or Democrat, you know
They're all politicians, man
It's a question of which ones are more evil and more
Yeah, I just see all these people so emotionally invested. Oh, you know, we need to change the environment
I'm not emotionally invested. I'm a big old band with support and I'll vote for you
But I'm not emotionally invested at all
Yeah, because I realized long time ago that it's you know, it's
They're not doing nothing for us
Exactly, so I mean, I'm gonna vote De Mercazette too, but at the end of the day, I think they're gonna tell us whatever we'd be wanting here
And they want to get to watch it, and I think that's where the corruption starts
And you know, they do whatever they need to do to get real elected. Amen. No, man. Good luck to us, sir
See in the afterlife. See in the uh never never land. See in the uh, it's Rick
We got eight hundred votes yet. Well, that's it. These new guy co-spots. I call it really bad
Oh
You see this one we got him. Yeah, yeah, like a wiflo
Bad I don't even know who he is. I don't know who's in all the police academy movies. Oh
He needs some money these days. He hasn't been doing a lot
791 under pulled boy you're gonna do a thousand out of really very bad pull today. We apologize for that one
No, we don't I do whose poll was that? It was Sean. You are you need to apologize Sean
WQA and hello. I'm crazy. No kidding QA and hello
Oh
Now what kind of what kind of bread that was
Wonder because you wonder what the hell it was your favorite sandwich bread. Oh my god Charlie B
Starting out the new year like a crazy person like certifiable
What's your favorite sandwich and what's your favorite sandwich filling? Yeah, whoa
What's your favorite toilet paper about what's your favorite sandwich? You know Rubin
Monte Cristo
French dip
Sure
Paper or plastic and it's Charlie B really that's plastic. I think the answer is yes
We're just not starting out the new year in the right foot
And of course we're all excited about that $4 a gallon gas. It's coming soon to a station near you
Thank you again, mr. Butcher is present for those low bargain basement gas prices
You know
A bitch named joy said no fart noise took away our sound effects don't give up
Haven't part since then oh dry
She wants to sass in me the only show that gets the bills paid give up
Haven't part since then oh my god
Will she'll do anything it takes to defend invalid the behavioral
corporate retrofit give up haven't parted since then oh
She'll go as far as you yourself to make our life was thinking
And give up have a parted since then
Don't do this and don't say that unless you're a hardcore sport hold back give up
Had part since then
Where what floats in the toilet
Is what she knows about radio
Jean want to destroy our show give up
Had part since then
That's your movie gave up have part since then oh
Don't
Back to you girl the 1031 at 560 wnaq. I am how's galley doing anybody ever hear anything more from him other than
He's doing those pants against TV
Like a wild dog Chris not here
Hasn't come back for another interview. I was thinking about that this morning in the shower the fact that he came back for an interview
See always you can always tell who the real cultures are you know they hear through the grapevine or in the
And they read the newspaper oh so and so Hank is getting blown out and Neil's gonna be next and Eddie Kay is gone
Bapapapa and all of a sudden now they're sitting waiting to be interviewed again. He just left
See you're thinking of Goldie the shower this morning
Yeah, Goldie showers
WQAM hello Neil yes sir good morning. How are you? I'm okay. Happy New Year back to you
One question I want to work at QAM takeoff bank hold where you'll put on this Jackson guy
How how yeah, they just did it very easily but a boom bar being yeah, it's just crazy
Are they trying to put QAM out of business? Yes
I mean this guy should not be on the radio
Yes
Yes
I'll be next man oh I know that's the shame. Mm-hmm. No, it's out of shame. It's good. It's like being released from death row
Yeah, but I mean they've taken a good product and ran it in the ground
Well, that's jolly joe man the last two years have been living hell with this guy and it's that's what he knows just destroyed
Oh, you're it
No good luck to us all Neil exactly
I'm a survivor like I told you many times before I'll be around
I'll be somewhere I'll be on your pop-up toaster I'll be on your microwave I'll be somewhere
While they're sitting rubbing their highlights together. Oh look at all the money we're saving. Oh, we don't have any numbers anymore
But go out and sell a dollar a hour come on and of course he built a wall of football. There's only one problem with that
What's that and that is like we got the college championship game tonight
That's the last college game for many many many many months and of course we're already in the NFL playoffs
Then we got the Super Bowl coming up and then once that's over that's the last NFL game for months and months
What do we do after the wall of football crumbles down or ain't no mole?
And after April a middle of April there with the NFL draft. What do they do then?
Well then you have all the mini-camps and all that stuff all the mini-camps and then of course the big O gets
all this to go to that
combine and
The check out their biceps and their cheeks and their
jockstrap see who's got the biggest jockstrap
That that whole thing is just I mean when you start getting to my new shy of all of this stuff. It's just uh for example yesterday morning
I'm sitting there watching TV and I flip over on me. I'm channel serving and there's Leafs TV
And what what is the great fear now that they've taken off anybody who might be critical about this horrible franchise off the year
Because all of these owners are the same. Oh you don't they're criticized us
uh
So they have a fixed camera on the ice of the air Canada Center for practice
Watching practice
Now what can't have a more huh? I said yeah. What kind of a moron is gonna watch that?
Well, there's this corner of the building right
All the people that work here except for us
Let's see here's another facts for the fool. How about the eliterate x jock so-called broadcasters
There's only experience of broadcasting everyone's wearing a jock
uh
The jock how about the jockocracy you want to put that on there? Okay, okay
It's sick it's a sickness man. Everybody who ever played a game any game
Parcheesey ping pong
Tiddly winks all of a sudden their broadcasters they're on there. They're aim-alizing
They're slapping each other on the back on the ass. They're like yucking it up
Oh, and you got people like Shannon Sharpe on here. I'm gonna tell you something
I wish I had some kind of a device some kind of a chip
I could put in my set so there would like block certain people off of there like Phil Sims and Shannon Sharpe
Annoying unacceptable unacceptable is what they both are and many many more
8-11 and a full you got that to jockocracy. Yeah, how is sparring them
Just like it sounds okay. What else would you spell? I'd die OC to OC our AC why? All right. That's how I did it
We stick a high-school. I got a why on the end
Boy, you are I don't know
So let me ask you is is he involved in this a separate deal we got with you and Voka we all and I got a message from Voka
The other day if you came and showed up your check
No dance what
No, I'm not including Chris and I well we would love to bring Chris over but no
Why do you say that why do I say that because he's sitting there across from you. Is that why you say that?
Sure, why not yeah, okay
But we like to bring him over where wherever wherever we go he understands he understands his show. Yeah exactly
To like the diner there. That's right. Staying taken to lunch
He likes lunch
That's for damn sure. Nobody can weigh him. Hello
All right, there's our side effects sweet just wait. I got some plans too
Now let me ask you this question did he do it again on Friday?
Well, he must be part of you Chris. I don't know
You don't know no you weren't listening to the jerk show on Friday between two and four. I was busy doing things like what
Something
We're not connected with this station. No, well, no. I mean I was doing some work here until about three
I mean
We had the bongo bongo in the background no I apologize
Well, I'm sorry, but it's start checking that out because you started the rumors about that and then people were calling in saying I
Start the room. It's absolutely true. He plays a bongo is in music in a background while the show is going on
Yeah, it's all me is that to distract from what's going on on a show or whatever
I did hear that through the great friend that Monasha Skolik was under again where they were were they in Houston Dallas somewhere on Friday
Yeah, I told you either was on the air farther
Yeah
Ethan or two other sportswear writers. Oh, it was the round table. Yeah, this station man has tried more different shapes than tables a the squared table the round table
And so far not a mommy like the Kenyan bowl morning show that was good
That was really and of course there was gay or not gay that was a great segment
That all those and of course toast is the one that came over with all that crap from across the street
Just remember one thing if anybody ever worked across the street we won
Does making difference whether they were good or got any numbers or anything like that or belong on the air if they work across the street
You know the place is probably going to go out of business pretty soon. Then we want them
Especially if they were cheap
3 a.m. Hello
Really yes, sir happy new year back to you sir not only did they play the drums, but he commented about it. Oh, they don't like our drums
But actually he said I'm glad everybody likes the drums right
I thought you just got to tell me you didn't listen Eric just sent us a thing saying he did play and he commented on saying I'm glad
Everybody likes the drums. No nobody likes it nobody can understand why the hell you
Okay, well I was in when we released that guy got a good chuckle out of whatever the hell you just said so Eric said what that was Eric doing this thing well
He was uh, I have no waiting for it to finish
Recording I guess so you could upload the scroops that happened while we were on the air
See I don't know why you want to make a big deal out of that like I told you before the show and I don't want to go into it on the air
He didn't say anything about me. He just said that he doesn't attend to the show and my colors are ripping them in ass
And then Ethan Skolnick asked him about uh some
issue and that's all I heard 816 and you're full man. We're getting a lot of votes on there for a really crappy stanky
Smarmy the jockocracy is under doesn't have any votes
See a lot of people aren't going to understand what that means, but you know
We don't want to put like a whole thing illiterate the jock broadcasters like that especially on this station
And when Barry Jackass can write a thing about how Joseph Gackie is one of the best sportscasters in the history of the human race
Then I know that Barry Jackass don't get out of the house very much a berry
You're so pathetic man. You you could be the poster child for pathetic
Very jackass just tragic mommy is making his sandwiches brown bagging in form right now. I'm sure
Should drive him over to the herald and drop him off and pat him on the head. Okay. Okay son right a nice article say something nice about the ticket
Say something. I said about Daniel a bastard
And then great co-tax who of course has got his nose up there as across the street
He's doing a thing on there about Hank, you know on his blog about
Just just a chance to take a cheap shot and then open up the door for all of their
Losers across street one of those people are gonna do when they shut down the place across the street
When Dennis Collins says oh, we're gonna like uh least this thing out the guys who play Haitian melodies and they actually
Pump some money in here. I guess they're gonna go looking for a job
Really wouldn't you? Well, we know what that's all about
You
I told you this proud of working there on the table across the street
Maybe
Oh
Does
Oh
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
14 before 11 at 5.60 W to hear.
And I did forget that part of that cramped that went on the ear on the internet.
I was reading on Friday with the jerks.
He did say it.
He did take a little shot.
He said, oh, well, you know, we're supposed to be a team here, but nobody has the guts to tell certain people sounded like
We're going to be able to do it again. Yeah. Yeah.
We're not supposed to be a team whoever said that. I'm not on the team. The team is people. Okay. Yeah. In addition, which we're on the way out anyhow. Right.
If there's a riff, we didn't start it.
What does that mean? You know, from the very beginning, you know, you're the only one that would promote other people's appearances, other people's shows.
You know, we don't have to go through that. God forbid the name of this show or anything going on on this show should come out of the mouth of anybody else.
We're like right China. We're not recognized. I do know it's the big dog. Of course, he's a good guy. Joe, you know, he'll at the end of the show near Rogers's next, but it would be, but which, you know, isn't a big deal, but at least it's something.
At least he recognizes that we're here that I exist.
And it was the same with the Humperer until, of course, right there at the SNM, and dog with his 900 pound of royal stuff. You know, he recognizes the fact that I'm on the station and what's been going on here the last 10 years.
But jerks, you know, the quick plan to bond goes to your, do whatever you want. It's your show. You know, I mean, you follow me. You don't perceive me anymore. Thank God. You follow this show.
And don't forget a week from Thursday. We got the book coming up. How do you like that? Oh my God. Oh, yeah. As we try to weed a little bonus money out of these bastards. Won't that be great?
With New Hampshire's Tuesday primary fast approaching, Mannyanna, Senator Barack Obama has opened a double digit lead over Senator Swillery Clinton in the state according to the latest poll.
CNN WMU are poll.
Oh, Obama, the first term Senator from Illinois who won last week's Iowa caucus is led Swillery. 39 to 29% of poll conducted Saturday and Sunday.
A sharp change from a poll on Saturday that showed them tied at 33. He's got the big mole baby.
I mentioned from the Iowa win. He's running away from her like she's a lay in prone and believe me, wouldn't be the first time that bitch.
Support for former Senator John Edwards, a wedge document for second place in Iowa dropped from 20% in this weekend's full to 16%.
On the Republican side, John McCain leads over Mitt Romney. Boy, they got a lot of casted characters. They got man.
Wow. You mark my words if we do have an election in November, which you know, it's debatable. But if we do still have one, even with their pension for grasping the feet from the jaws of victory, Democrats are going to have a glanslide.
You'll see you see these gigantic crowds coming out. You see the young people living and breathing people.
I'm holding my breath. Hold it because you know, they have an amazing way like you said of smashing the feet from the jaws of victory.
Yes, they do anybody remember Walter Mondale and Michael Ducakis and George McGovern. Anybody remember those people? Well, anyway, McCain, 32% Romney, 26% Mike Huckabee, a past former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, again, 13 place.
Giuliani, 14% Huckabee 11 on Saturday. But yesterday they were turned around. Huckabee 14% Giuliani, 11. See, Huckabee ain't got a trance in hell of New Hampshire because they aren't a bunch of far bits in a go.
They don't have all those born again. Christians in New Hampshire. It's a religious war is what it's all about. You know, they keep talking about the Muslims and about religious extremism.
Yeah, sure. That's the problems of the world. No question about it. But right here is a micro-pukum of the whole thing right there.
The evangelicals came out, 60% of the Iowa, what were evangelicals and they gave Huckabee a southern Baptist preacher who talks a lot of crap. They gave him a resounding win.
Well, it happened in New Hampshire tomorrow. No chance. And this coming from the guy that gave you that seven horse in the second race of Gulf Stream. Right on.
And then what, what was, and you know, you were telling me that some of the people, some of our people were there were betting the horses I was giving out.
Yeah. So you probably made some money for a couple folks. I made some money for some people. And what I got one call about that day. You were going to say, oh, what a lie.
You picked that horse for the first race. That's what I get. That's how for the negative. Not she. Thanks for giving us that.
It could be raining gold. And that guy would be complaining. He doesn't like the color yellow. Yeah, right.
One's not going to start by the way. Let's do it. It starts raining frogs. I got to watch Magnolia again someday when I have 20 or 30 hours.
The result suggests that Huckabee's winning Iowa. It saw him win strong support among evangelical Christian voters is giving him momentum and more secular libertarian oriented New Hampshire.
According to Bill Schneider, whatever that means. Among other Republicans, Ron Paul was 5th 10%. He's a not an easy non factor.
Dunkin Hunter and Fred Thompson each had 1% 1% Solomon, they all know how do you like that? I could get 1%. My dogs get 1% and they're both dead.
Wow. The poll conducted by University of New Hampshire survey 241 Democrats 268 Republicans likely to vote in tomorrow's primary if it had a sampling year or 5%. Masleminus.
The Iowa caucus results have convinced growing numbers of grandestate voters that Obama can really go all the way.
CNN pulling director Keating Holland said in December 45% thought Clinton had the best chance of being the Republican nominee.
But in this weekend's poll, Clinton and Obama tied on that measure on Saturday. And I will bam is got the edge on electability as of yesterday 42 to 31%.
Senior CNN political analyst Bill Schneider said the poll strongly suggests an Obama surge in New Hampshire.
He's gaining about 3 points at eighth expense of a Clinton at which Schneider said his lead is now hit double digits going to the homestretch.
Bill Richardson was 4th among Democrats 7%, Little Dennis Kacinich had 2% and former Alaska Senator Mike Grivail had less than 1 half of 1%. Why bother? Why waste our time?
Okay, just go away Mike. And Obama appears to be pulling even with Clinton among women.
When asked which candidates got the best chance of being the Republican presidential nominee, likely Democratic primary voters now too, they just got through salmon.
So there you go. He's pulling the lead. He's got the momentum, man. He's going to kick some serious ass. Even in spite of your negative attitudes about because he's black, you know, because he's black he's not going to win in the most racist states.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but you know, people aren't as honest. I have what happened in Iowa, man. That was very encouraging. I was, you know, shocked in a good way.
Yeah, well, we'll see what happens tomorrow.
We're going to be in an enmity. They're not out there in public with their friends standing up in a room where they're in the privacy of the polling place because it's a real primary New Hampshire.
So we'll see behind the closed doors, man, when they get in that lot, when we lock them in there, then of course when they come out, we're going to say, surprise.
We're going to see who you voted for. Then they're going to run like hell.
Now you'll see he's going to kick ass and he'll hand it around. And then the following we South Carolina just absolutely demolish swallery.
Well, what she's going to do after she gets beat three times in a row, bad, bad and comes in. Well, no, she'll come in second tomorrow.
South Carolina third.
842 on the pool for the Jackocracy. They've got to go, man. The Phil Sims and the Shannon Trumps in the world. They have got to go.
Gotta go. Get him off my TV.
Annoying X jocks. Oh, he played the game. Everybody can't speak. See, he played the game, but he can't speak.
Everybody's a blockcaster like Wendy Martez on this radio station.
The curve has perfected that science. They got it down to a down to a perfect science.
How to find people who sound so annoying that you couldn't possibly listen even if you had something interesting to say which they don't.
Two young men in ski masks used a paintball gun, modified to look like an assault rifle.
To rob two students of their backpacks is the teams were walking to school this morning in Hollywood.
The robbers get away. It wasn't successful as the initial crime within minutes.
Police had four young men ages 17 to 20 in custody. US 441 in Seminole, away directly in front of the Hard Rock Hotel in Casino Complex.
Only two of the four believed to be responsible for the 70-am stick-up near Hollywood Hills High School.
But authorities were investigating whether the rest could have been involved in two similar robberies early in the morning in Danyabitje and Miami Gardens.
Authorities said the two robbers jumped out of a gold Toyota arm with both a firearm and a knife and a cost of 214-year-old male students as they were walking northbound on North 56th Avenue to Hollywood Hills High.
Fortunately nobody was injured since Sergeant Manning Marino, a spokesman for the Hollywood Police Department.
I wonder if he's kind to Dan Marino, I sure doubt it. But Danny Boyman, Danny is everywhere. He's on your radio, he's on your TV, he's on your toaster, he's in your microwave, he's in the toilet.
Oh he's everywhere. Anyway the kids are shaken up, they're cooperating with the tinkers in there with their families.
Keith Brahmley spoke to him for Barber County School said, anytime students are targeted on the way to school it's a concern. No. Very profound Keith.
If this sort of crime continues around the High School District last place to give additional focus to the area.
Near the Hard Rock alone backpack was visible on the ground or one of the suspects who was handcuffed and on the ground.
I wonder if they're teasing him bro. Inside the crime addition of the paintball gun and the backpacks was a real handgun, several knives and some jewelry.
The modifications on the paintball gun were so realistic, police weren't initially sure it wasn't an assault rifle. Even after they saw it in the car mariner said.
I like that, bunch of punks, nothing but time on their hands I guess. Going out there and stirring up a bunch of crap and terrorizing young kids on the way to school. Nice.
That's America for you man and of course guns and knives and weapons stuff like that.
You know all the more reason my John McCain is a crazy person. Let's go out there and kill some people. He is the you know forgot it was a POW all that time.
When you think that he would be I mean he doesn't like torture. He just wants some dad you know kill him nice.
That's right kill him fast fast and painless kill all our enemies. Okay. And of course he's also against invading you know other countries and occupying them forever forever and ever.
And I wonder what he's thinking about that incident with Iran this morning bomb bomb bomb bomb Iran. He's a crazy person.
Certified and belongs in a straight jacket.
This is the Neal Roger show.
It's gonna keep me on on a winning streak.
My muscles full so much can't get enough.
You're fairly. I've got a giant head.
And such a time.
I mean.
I'm going to have to find someone to play if I'm going to make it to the hall of faith.
Looks like very much it's not a long no no no no. I'm the rocket man.
Rocket man.
Roll into my career on gross hormones.
The first town is going to take a long time.
Hey Roger that I'm driving to see did you watch 60 minutes last night. No no no no you're not.
I didn't see that I don't want to see it. I would give a crap about Roger.
I'm going to take a light detector test and he was smeared and smeared.
He smeared it all right. Just like Barry Johns was smearing it.
Well I was just smearing that clear you know.
Shmear the clear or smear the clear. How we doing on the pool. I don't want to read the results of it because it's just stupid.
It's a good.
How much?
It's a good. That's not bad will be. We'll do the thousand easy today. Wow.
On the first real Monday of the new year not too bad not too shatter.
Well when that book comes out a week from Thursday I hope we get an 80's year.
I hope we bleed so much bonus money on these people that they're just bleeding cash.
Bleeding it. Oh geez we got to pay him bonus money. He's ripping us an ass and deservedly so.
You know what I was just thinking about doing that break speaking of Jason Jerks?
No what?
How many different lineups? I mean we've been on the station out of ten years plus.
Mm-hmm.
How many different lineups have they been on this station in that period of time?
About 30 man.
You know what I mean?
Oh my. It's just how many different morning shows? How many different people between two and four?
How many different times have they moved mad dog in the Humper which they finally shoved his fat ass out the door?
How many times have they moved them around?
100.
God it's just it's line boy.
Chank you Gerr, Jank.
Remember him from West Merking Chip?
He says Hillary Clinton is a juggernaut.
You're not going to get past her with one lucky punch.
Well Bama might have knocked her down in Iowa but it's going to take three of those knock downs before she's down for the count.
Here's the problem for Senator Clinton.
She already has one strike in Iowa and soft Carolina is a guaranteed third.
Yes I just missed my sports analogies but roll with the punches.
Yes I guess that poem was intended.
He says.
I could be wrong but I doubt it.
I'm calling soft Carolina for Obama now.
Let's get real.
About 50% of the soft Carolina Democratic primary voters are black.
If they thought Obama wasn't viable they would seriously consider a swoolery but now that Obama's on the precipice of winning this thing,
no way he doesn't get a gigantic portion of the African American vote.
As Chris Rock said when he was introducing Obama at the Apollo recently,
you want to be on the right side of history because you'd be real embarrassed if he won and you wasn't down with it.
Oh man I can't call him now.
I voted for that white lady.
What was I thinking?
What was I thinking?
For that white lady.
You know that white lady?
No.
So I guess it's really Chris Rock calling soft Carolina for Barack Obama.
I think what he's talking about in jest is very real though.
So it would be a major surprise if Obama lost South Carolina with this kind of momentum.
So that leaves no handshirt.
This also makes this door die forever and Clinton.
Even she can't lose three in her own survive.
If she loses no handshirt, this thing is over.
And let me say it again to Paul taking the yesterday.
She's ten points behind and dropping like a rock.
She's fallen so far back you can't even see her ass.
I do like that and the last time I checked she's pretty much all ass.
Swoolery.
They don't like her.
I don't like her.
You don't like her.
I don't you Chris don't like her that much either.
She's not going to just want to say no we don't like her.
There she is and she's looking really old too.
And she's also sharpening her attacks against Obama.
Too bad too late.
Next she's going to be using the word schwarzer.
I'm sure that's coming.
You bet.
That all the money you got that between now and when they open a poll tomorrow morning,
she's going to be using that schwarzer word.
Not the end word that would be even for her a little bit too much.
Yeah she's going to appeal all the Jews in New York.
The only problem is they're not voting in New York.
870 on the poll man that's not too bad.
The invocation get rid of it.
Are he the audience wants the invocation gone now?
They pay big bucks to go watch those stupid ass ballgame.
You know you go to a hockey game they don't have a prayer.
You go to a basketball game they don't have a prayer.
You go to a baseball game they don't have a prayer.
But in the Marlins when they play they don't have a prayer.
Believe me more ways than one.
You go to a football game and it's part of that whole southern mentality.
You know what I mean?
Right.
And he moves it up the head of the cow and thought, thank you.
Let's go to a Marley game at the Rico Center.
What do you say?
You want to go?
Okay.
I'm not doing anything.
WQYM, hello.
Hey how's it going?
Is Daniel in here?
How about your pardon?
Is Neil there?
You're speaking to him yes.
Oh okay.
That's why I talked with him a little bit.
Let me tell you something.
You're speaking to me yes.
Oh Neil hey.
I just wanted to think about it a little bit.
Man I was thinking about you I was over the holiday of the year up in
not about where you talk about the difference in culture and
yeah man first time from the year was great.
Where were you?
Holland.
Oh in Holland.
Yeah.
In Amsterdam?
And in other places that was one of the places I went in Holland.
Right.
Hey it was good man.
What freedom.
What shock would be free?
Yeah.
Yeah huh.
And what a bunch of maniacs in the street.
Yeah but you know everybody in lines are on business.
Okay well I'm glad you had a good time.
What did he just say?
Anything profound?
No.
He wanted to talk a little bit.
What freedom man.
What freedom.
Freedom to be annoyed by a bunch of roster creeps in the street.
Go.
Viago.
Get out of my face.
Get out of here.
I don't want your crap.
Why not?
Why not?
As long as I live I'll never forget that line.
Not interested.
I don't want it.
Why not?
I don't want it.
I don't use it.
I don't need it.
Get away from me.
Take your roster.
Take your dreadlocks and turn them into deadlocks.
Get away from my face.
Go take a bath this year.
Once will be good.
Oh but you know.
But it is some place you would really enjoy.
You'd love it.
What?
Between the hookers and the hooker.
Yeah.
I don't like hookers.
Okay.
What do you mean you don't like hookers?
I don't like hookers.
I like hookups.
You'd get hooked up.
All right.
To the end of the lawn.
Tube.
WQIAM.
Hello.
I'm out of Medicaid.
Yeah good.
QIAM.
Hello.
Yes sir.
What?
You know.
Between the hookers.
When it comes to politics.
You would hate all women.
Why don't you be out of hookers up being there?
You want to eat your radio off-coof.
Yeah.
Why don't you turn to radio off so we can hear since you're such a great intellectual.
Well.
Am I right or wrong?
I'm wrong.
Didn't I just get through saying.
Didn't I just get through saying that Madeline Albright would have made great candidate.
And Barbara Jordan, Reston Peece, would have made a great candidate.
I just got through saying that last week.
I didn't hear that excuse me.
I don't like swillowing.
I don't like all women.
Oh there he goes.
Click.
There he goes.
Cowards.
Spineless jellyfish.
Coward.
Heterosexual pig.
Yeah I'm gay therefore I must hate all women.
What an ass.
What an a-hole you are sir.
I hope you will open Joe Bell okay and he winds up on top.
That's what I hope for you.
I hope that he oozes his bloody diarrhea all over you from head to toe.
Every inch of your pathetic putrid stench filled body.
But have a nice day.
As Mike Seagal would say have a nice day.
See if you don't like swillowing therefore your anti-woman.
That's what we're talking about.
Diane Fines, 92.
And being fine.
Huh?
Barbara Boxes.
She just gave a...
Sure.
There are plenty of women who might be viable candidates who would be very enthusiastic this board.
Just swillowing ain't one of them.
She is absolutely unqualified.
Daily law unqualified.
If she wasn't Mrs. Bill Clinton she would be getting two votes.
That's what she's running on.
She's Bubba's wife.
Big deal.
Jackie Kennedy never ran for office.
Although she was on biography if she said Jackie.
What a gold digger man.
What a gold digging whore.
Anybody wants to look at her.
And you know there you go again knocking women.
Well she was a gold digging whore that's all.
Anybody that would touch area on assets my god.
Am I right?
Right.
Well what do you know about her?
You were just a punk.
How was it alive then?
You weren't even alive?
No.
That was 63 right?
No I mean he got assassinated.
I'm talking about later on when she started...
In fact it was like 60 after Bobby Kennedy got assassinated.
That's when she...
As a small child I remember vaguely people talking about this bitch I didn't care about.
Is that the one?
Yeah.
Oh that's it.
She spoke French.
She was in the Bouvier.
Bouvier.
She spoke Harry one.
I beg your pardon?
She had a big...
I mean I don't care.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh man what a world.
What a world.
12 minutes after 11 and 5 and 60 WN.
We got another great offer for a while.
Like we do every week.
It's God.
Hillary wants to be president of the United States.
If he's gone we'll be money for nothing by the straights.
My junk Harry and El Gore wonder what she has in store.
Hillary wants to be president of the United States.
In a heavy rain pantsuit she walks by looking just like any other guy.
Except she's wearing earrings and lipstick of Ruby Red.
With her big pants and awesome lads she wants to leave the nelebigrats.
But it's hard to support a person with a pumpkin head.
Hillary wants to be president of the United States.
On her honey chase his tail and looks at pictures of playmates.
It would be a sight to see Bill McTasher's lady.
Hillary wants to be president of the United States.
She wants to catch us all on the big burrow.
Obama would avoid that sound like fingernails running out of shot boards.
Screaming from a podium while her husband is getting some.
Hiding from his wife who panel looks like Gerald Ford.
Hillary wants to be president in 2008.
And I bet she does a great job when the Democrats debate.
We can be shocked if she wants.
We see another great son in the White House as the president in the fall of 2008.
Love in 18. I don't like her.
Is that a crime?
No.
Am I entitled or not like her?
No.
I didn't like her before.
I don't like her.
No.
I don't like her whenever.
Right.
By the way, I want you to do me a favor.
I don't ask for much.
You got it, man.
Next time you see the muffmeister, I want you to ask her who's a count that is and who wrote that piece of that.
That was the worst piece of the...
What was it because you don't have any attention?
Joy the Baker.
One of our fine sponsors that's going to be doing the 50% off on Thursday on wqam.com.
Not on your Rogers.com and not with a copy like that that was written.
It looks to me like a PD Lenny job.
I don't know.
Although usually I should give him a little more credit than that.
At least he does some things.
At least he does some things.
Yeah, that's right.
He's got some stuff.
Which loser is responsible for writing that abortion on a piece of paper there on your Rogers.com.com.
I asked somebody that doesn't even know how the damn thing works.
Okay, let's get the phone cranking again here.
That guy brought proceedings to a halt there.
Oh, you don't like women.
That's why you don't want Hillary.
Even Bubba don't want Hillary.
Okay, to see how disgusted he looks especially on the other night in Iowa.
He stood behind her with that disgusted look like, oh my god.
She's not going to win this thing and I'm going to have to put up with her every day.
Plus he wants back in the White House.
He enjoyed it.
He enjoyed the trappings.
You know, the crappings and the trappings.
Can you imagine the tea rooms in the White House?
Mm-hmm.
You think they have gold plated fixtures, remember Johnny?
What was the school board member?
Oh, I don't know.
Wait before your time.
Johnny, Jones, was that his name with the gold plated fixtures?
Johnny, I don't know.
Big scandal in Dave County once upon a time.
901 on the pool.
Boy, Christmas be just fetching and cricketing in there, huh?
Gonna get way over a thousand votes today.
I don't really crack people.
I like the pool that whoever that was sent in a little while ago, somebody anonymous.
If I won the lottery, I'd blank.
Yeah.
You don't like that one?
That's fine.
That's fine.
Also, he suggests where today's pool is something we could do without in the sports.
Men slapping the other men on the ass.
That's a good choice.
You want to put that on there, Chris?
Sure.
Men slapping other men on the ass.
Welcome.
See, any other endeavor in the world that would be considered so.
Yeah, but these are macho men.
So nobody would suspect that that's a gay thing to do.
Slap a guy on the ass.
Where I come from, the kind of world that I hang out in.
And if somebody slaps another guy, he slaps another guy on the ass.
Gay.
And that's like tapping your toe in the tea room, or sliding your foot under the stall, or crawling
under the stall and saying, pickle anyone like that.
Do you say pickle or pickle?
Pickle here.
Somebody can't.
2 a.m.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you, sir?
Okay, sir.
I am here to say that no matter who gets elected, we know it's gonna be a Democrat.
And after eight long, miserable years that every time I even see our president speak, I can die for the dial fast enough.
And I'm happy that we are going in a new direction.
And no matter who gets it, we all have a lot to be thankful for in the new year.
Amen.
Thanks.
Well said, sir.
How do you?
Let's hear it from Barack Obama, baby.
Let's get rid of these goy-m.
Let's get rid of the bush crowd for Kwanowl.
And so are they two of a packer up to packer up a suitcase and shift her ass out.
That's what Bubba said, and shipper ass out.
And of course, you know, she projects that same ice princess personality when she speaks.
That's her.
It's not just I'm assuming that, that's her.
That's just what she is.
Cold, calculating, full of crap, unqualified, all of these, you know.
And totally unrepentant about voting for the war and voting for funding the war consistently.
For this, it's not even a war.
It's just an invasion occupation is what it is.
It's like what Hitler didn't check us out in Poland and every other place that the world sat by.
Oh, we've got peace in our time.
Yeah, peace of crap.
56670560.
I see a lot of lines open on that board, a lot of vacancy in the hotel.
What a shame.
And by the way, did I mention the Tampa Bay Bucks really suck that I mentioned in?
Liet, they suck.
They're pathetic.
Did you watch anything yesterday?
Uh, probably have the redskins.
Oh my god, Jesus.
Oh, what an atrocity with no less.
And the giants.
With no less than your boy.
Eli, Eli's coming.
I'm sure you don't want to see that.
Eli Manning.
If his brother is Peyton Manning, then he's definitely Sandy Peyton Manning.
What the hell was that all about?
What kind of a performance was that?
Huh?
5667.
Just what I said, you think Eli Manning's a good quarterback?
He's okay.
He sucks.
He's no Tom Brady.
But who is?
W.Q.A.N. Hello.
Did I vote on last night?
W.Q.A.N. Hello.
Q.A.N.
Yes, sir.
Like they talk to Neil.
Speaking.
This is not Neil.
Let me say it again.
Speaking, okay?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
I'm trying to discover what I'm actually doing.
I've been a member of a long time, a listener of first time, a caller.
And I'd like to tell you that I really love your show and actually it's amazing to speak to you.
I just want to tell you about the poll.
Actually, the Johnny Depp poll, the Edward thing is fantastic.
I don't know if you've seen the scene with Martin Landau when he's in the autograph.
Well, I watched the movie so how can I not see the scene?
I mean, I understand that, sir.
But, you know, anyways, it was like, you know, Peter North and the election is still walked in the room with Ann Coulter and...
No, okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and the Verizon singular wireless line.
I bet he's got that written out long hand, you know what?
I bet he's spent all weekend writing that didn't help.
No.
Gordon is Telfan, pal.
Somebody Q.A.N. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm speaking.
Speaking.
Neil?
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is Bill.
I think I go to Francis' game now because you have in kosher food there now.
Because what?
Thank God.
Hello.
They have kosher food there.
They have kosher food?
That's safe.
Yeah.
That's safe to go there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's safe.
You can avoid the trac.
Yeah.
No trac.
No.
But kosher food there by four parking.
And is it as badly as overpriced as the rest of the is the trac food?
What else is in there?
All right.
Yeah.
But the poor parking, the leader of the temple Beth, I'm the mart here.
You got a phone number for him?
It's up to this.
What?
Does he have a website?
All right, probably does.
I'll do it one second.
He's just going to be okay.
Coxahoy is fairly.
Wow.
When did doubt clean that baby out?
Correct.
W.A.N. Hello.
They're crazy people, though.
Kosher food at the Panther game.
Kosher food.
They were trailing.
Boy.
Maybe we can get some Jewish players on the team, huh?
I doubt it.
Matthew Schneider.
Sure be an improvement.
They're not going to make the play off either.
Don't start with that hockey talk, okay?
Don't let clearance influence you.
It was probably a set up call.
Jewish and hockey, okay?
Clarence.
Not immediately who comes to mind.
Obama, Wyden's lead.
You, along with the people in Iowa, will have more to do with selecting the next president
than just about anybody else on the planet.
And that is remarkable.
And it is responsibility.
I know you've taken seriously.
That's why you're here today.
But we've got to follow through and finish up.
Please give Dave a big round of applause.
Nice going, Dave, whoever you are.
There's your next president right there.
Even though you're skeptical, I'm telling you right now,
sure there's a lot of racist bastards out there.
But after eight years of barchery and lunacy,
plus the fact that everybody's going to be out on the street,
you know, their homes are all being there for clothes.
Yeah.
We got a real bad recession coming in.
Come November, people are going to be revolting like most of our collars.
I'm spreading my legs for Jesus.
I am the sanctimonious senator Larry Craig.
I'm a naughty naughty man when I remove my pants.
And take a humanistic stance.
I'm spreading my legs for Jesus.
And my constituent.
If you got to take a poo, just have a little shoe.
And I'll bend over all words for you.
When you've got a poo bowl, you've got to do.
Just cruise and say hello.
I have my sanctimonious hole hovering over the bowl.
And I'm married, you know.
I'm a pusher player.
Oh, I'm spreading my legs for Jesus.
And I'm certain that He does not mind.
And you see, religionists of my kind of the neo-fascist right stand and above.
You're up and by behind.
Oh, it's right.
Look at their aura.
Oh, as they say in some circles.
WQ, why am hello?
Neo.
Yes.
And there's a place above you called like Nunnabit or something.
I was looking on a little address book and got a map in there.
I don't have a count that none of it.
There's a place above me.
It's called a seal.
Look up.
North of you.
North of you.
And that I was one of it.
None of it.
Yeah.
That's probably 29,000.
Anyway.
And what about it?
No, I was just looking.
I wanted to know if you knew about it.
Anyway, the bottom is going to win, man.
You know.
Woo.
Look at him.
He must know John McCain.
WQ, I am hello.
WQ, I am.
Yes.
Yes.
Hey, Neil, that was pretty funny.
That's very correct.
That's hilarious.
Yeah, obviously, guys, these people that call in saying we're going in a new direction.
What are they talking about?
They're talking about their way right now.
And they're going to be higher.
They're going to go into a recession.
Higher taxes are the rich.
That is correct, sir.
Higher taxes for the rich.
More importantly, what's your take on first?
We have to take a dump.
More on.
Typical, a lot of the typical bush people, man.
Crazy.
Crazy person, like John McCain, and George Bush.
And all of the people that they look like Charlie Joe Bell.
Here's the pool, 924 votes.
What should be eliminated from professional sports?
Invocation 245.
Amen to that.
Hallelujah.
Praise the Lord.
Amen.
Sportsmeard fans, 134.
Crazed people like him.
Bill Parcell's Mayas.
Old fat ass.
Don King 105.
Descubated hitter 87.
Golf 87.
Sport.
Oh, brother, that's a sport.
Three man booths, 66.
How about a 50 man booth?
How about John Wilkes Booth?
How about Shirley Booth?
Locker Room Interview 58.
How about Post-Gain press conferences?
How's that?
You want to put that on there, Chris?
Sure.
Post-Gain, everybody in there, brother, is sitting in front of a microphone.
It's the coach.
It's the quarterback.
It's the water boy.
It's, oh, my God.
Quarterbacks, boyfriend.
I mean, come on already.
Jesus.
Pitchers who hit like girls 44.
The middle 50 yards of a soccer field 34.
The jococracy 20.
Boy, that's moving up the ladder.
I told you.
The public is tired of all these illiterate dumb jocs.
Get them off the air.
Two minute warning 13, extra point 13.
Oh, and my favorite part is that the NFL today is that they won on CBS with Shannon Sharp.
Is where J.B. says, and they're going through the highlights of halftime.
And he goes from Danny Boy to, uh, Cower.
Is Cower on that one?
I can keep this.
And then the Shannon.
The hand will go, Shannon.
Shannon.
Shannon.
Have you ever heard him do that?
I don't know.
I just don't watch the show.
I just don't watch the show.
Shannon, oh my ass.
Okay.
What is wrong with you people?
Extra point 13.
Worm up, pitches eight.
Men slapping each other by the answers already got four.
Think about it.
Have you talked about that for 25 years?
And nobody wants to deal with it.
It's very, okay.
This is supposed to be macho, men.
Keep your hands off the other guys.
Ask, that's all I ask.
Correct them.
File shots for in the huddle too.
I don't know, 24.
You're going to make a thousand, uh, pretty damn soon.
Then they will fear you, man.
Uh-huh.
WDQA M Hello.
WDQA M Hello.
WDQA M Hello.
Neil, how come you don't do do-up shows anymore?
And you talk about the fingers and the little bit of a taste of the rings.
Sir, you're doing fart clouds after.
No, I'm doing raspberries, okay.
Don't be accused of me of doing fart sounds, you moron.
No, you are doing that.
We'll send you over there to Joyce, okay?
We'll let her slap your ass till it's red and raw.
And you're asked to.
How do you like that?
Chooses me of doing fart sounds.
Hillary boot at New Hampshire Democratic Party dinner.
Yes, he does.
No.
Tell us all about it.
If the New Hampshire Democratic Party's 100 Club dinners any bell weather,
Barack Obama will win Handley in New Hampshire.
When Obama, the dinners last speaker,
took to the stage the crowd,
surged forward chanting,
oh, Obama, and fired up ready to go.
So many people pressed toward the stage
and the announcer asked people to please take their seats for safety's sake.
Not for old time's sake, for safety's sake.
By comparison, Hillary was boot twice.
The first time, as when she said she is always
and will continue to work for change for you,
the audience especially from Obama supporters,
they were waving Obama signs.
Let out a noise that sounded like a thousand people collectively groaning.
The second time came a few minutes later when Clinton said,
there are two big questions for voters in New Hampshire.
One is who will be ready to leave from day one.
The second, and here Clinton was forced to pause,
as voos from the crowd mixed with cheers from her own supporters,
is who we can nominate who will go the distance against the Republicans.
She ain't even going to go the distance against the Democrats.
The dinner held in the handshirt dome in Milford
is the largest political dinner in New Hampshire history,
Republican or Democrat, more than 3,000 people attended,
and they were booing, swillery, they booed her ass.
Get out of here, you bitch, you ice princess, you folly dike,
get out of our face,
who will be ready from day one.
Yeah, she knows where the tea rooms are in the White House.
She knows where the big dinners are held, the state room, you know?
She knows that.
And she knows where Monica was diddling her husband,
and she knows that. That's about it.
929 on a full none for post-scan press conferences yet.
Come on, who needs it?
Who needs it?
Jocs sitting in front of a microphone.
Just like we used to do here on QAIM,
although not so much during the show anymore.
They didn't interrupt us for that big announcement about
scam camera getting canned last week.
Why not? That would have killed some good time.
That's why they wouldn't do it.
Now, did you find out who's account this is, by the way?
Not yet, though.
Well, work on it.
Fee lose way.
WQA and hello.
Neil, please.
Yes, speaking.
How you doing?
All right.
Hey, did you see the, I read something on the internet about an incident
with O'Reilly trying to attend Obama support?
Yeah, no.
He shoved a security guard, and then he pretended he didn't do it.
Yeah, nobody is ever going to get in a way of a camera on the factor.
On the factor.
He's a just a jerk, you know?
They should have kicked his ass.
Right.
All right.
Have a good one.
Yeah.
See, Brad, I don't mention those things, because I don't want to give many more
publicity.
Remember when he was first coming on radio in this market?
And his people were calling us, oh, Bill, I would like to be on the near-roger show.
I said no way.
And to this day, that was years ago, and they still can't crack a one share on you.
Oh.
His radio show gets point, oh.
And in this market.
Nothing.
Zero.
Doesn't make the needle move on the Richter scale.
Oh.
Point.
Oh, oh, oh.
Yeah.
Nice go, Steve Lapa.
Everybody's a stupid star, man.
And of course, every time he farts, the meteor goes nuts, you know?
Billo, Billo did this, and Billo did that, and Billo said this, and Billo was breathing
heavy on the phone, and Billo was telling him more lies and BS.
Find out who wrote that copy, by the way.
Use drugs, use horse.
Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo, Billo
Hillary from Arkansas, right out of the cornfield on the heat hall, husband, billies, a Nazi boy, weighing you to the house, he'll jump a joy white wall, and now just a little bit of rage! And a widow doesn't ever do no sex! He went in lost and danced in the rain, Hillary from Arkansas! Hop, hop, hop, hop, I'm like he should run away, well hell yes I do! Hop, hop, hop, hop, hop, I'm like he should develop all your time too, and I'll just jump,
I'll say, oh he knows! Hop, hop, hop, I'll say, care of things, take care of them, I'm a big deal player, well, hop, hop, hop,
This Hillary from Arkansas is the damn thing I ever saw, your ass with your little scoopsie talk, cuz you never have this indoor york so change your mind running in the annoyery!
We don't believe it, you're a yucky band, no sign, but don't beat in bad democrats, Hillary from Arkansas, H-I-L-L-A-R-Y, Hillary, Hillary!
Okay, 14-0-0 at 5.60 W-Q-M, are you going somewhere, I'm Thursday again, you're gonna be out in about or not?
No, for lunch, no, once a month is what the plan is, but that's not necessarily going to happen, you know, it depends on who's interested.
Although the Gulf Stream people thought it was really nice and they might do it again a couple times.
Well good! Yeah, I had fun!
And then we can, when you some more money out there, now buy for seven bucks.
Hillary Clinton, now this is written by Jessica Yellen from CNN, if you ever hear Jessica Yellen man, she makes a lot of noise.
Hillary Clinton is the only one worried about Barack Obama's post-Iobal momentum. A former top Republican official tell CNN Obama could win a significant portion of the Republican vote in a general election if he becomes the Democratic nominee.
How do you like that?
Oh right!
I like it!
The leading Republican strategist requested anonymity because this person advises a number of Republican presidential candidates told CNN.
I think Barack Obama's a potential Robert Kennedy or Reagan figure, and in terms of raw political horsepower, he's the most electable of any of the Democrats and potentially more electable than Bill Clinton.
If he ran the right campaign, he could appeal to a substantial number of Republicans and independence.
This person insists Obama's nomination isn't a done deal. He could make a mistake, as people could get overconfident, he needs to continue to push his theme even as she continues to hate him on different issues.
In the day since he won the caucuses, the New York Senators campaign has hit Obama on a number of issues, including his decision to hire a former lobbyist to manage his New Hampshire campaign and his past position on the Patriot Act.
Former President Bill Clinton compared Obama's early position on the Iraq war, the President Bushes and National Reporters were summoned to an urgent conference call be, caused some callers on the Do Not call registry had received robocalls from Obama's campaign that Clinton's staff alleges didn't fully comply with election law.
Yet now, Obama holds a 10-point edge over Clinton to fulfill him, he's got to win the landslide tomorrow, you'll see.
The 10% was yesterday, he's getting three points today, he's got to win in a landslide, he's got to beat her eight ways to hell.
Am I right?
Yes.
Look at that phone, man.
That is the door now.
What has this got to do with Bill Paracels? That's what I'd like to know. What has this got to do with the big tuna?
I wonder if your buddy Charlie B put that on the pool, what kind of filling you like in your sandwich, how about tuna?
What kind of polls are these, man?
He must have been doing some serious acid over the weekend, I mean this is the worst pilot, Fred.
Isn't it?
You know I'm his biggest defender and I appreciate what he does.
And he usually needs a defender.
I can't say too much about these and his defense.
What's your favorite sandwich filler? If I put that pull on our website, I would get a limb shot.
You know it's good about them though?
Toreso, yes, we didn't have to make them.
We didn't have to make a poll.
I mean, as if I would use the poll, we didn't have to make them into something that we want to use, that might be good, that might be interesting.
Not what's your favorite sandwich bread, Kaiser Roll, Pumpernickel, Sourdough.
Oh my God Charlie, oh, talk about scraping the barnacles off the bottom of your ass.
Pitting new lows, man.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
Neil.
Yes.
After what Barry Jackson wrote last week about Joel trying to get out of his lease, how long do you think the station across the street is going to last these days?
How do I know? Not long.
No, you think Lincoln is going to pick him up and continue on to the sports station?
Yeah, Lincoln.
Yeah, Abe Lincoln.
Hi, everybody asking me do I think Lincoln doesn't make what I think you moron?
What's your take? What do you think?
I don't know. How do I know?
Like I've crystal balls?
Jesus, God.
What do you think? What do you think? What do you take? What do you want to take?
I don't know. I guess what? I don't care either. I couldn't care less.
I have no interest in that abortion across the street. None. Zero.
I don't hear it. I don't want to know from it. I don't want to listen to it.
And as far as Joel Feinberg is concerned, him and Charlie Joel Bell are a match-made in purgatory, man. Two overgrown children.
Nah, nah, I'm going to show you.
Nah.
Playing with the same ball, man. Playing with the same toys.
We're going to build a wall of football.
Wall of football.
What does that mean? You have any idea what that means?
I'm trying to picture it. I envision a lot of footballs.
A wall of football.
A wall of strategy.
Wall of football.
A wall of football.
We got the teens.
Kings playing more games this year. No. We got the fish.
No. We've been in more games after they're one and fifteen seasons.
No. No.
He's going to build a wall of football. You're going to build a wall, alright?
You're going to be underneath it.
That's what you're doing to this place.
And I've been in one call on that for two years now.
T-S-5-T-S-B-R-K-B-R-K.
Maybe that's the wall he's talking about. The wall of destruction.
The Berlin Wall?
Like that.
Remember the wall of destruction by Miriam McGuire?
A very wall of confusion.
W-E-K-R-A-N-L-O.
Yes, I'm looking through your website and the needed burka.
What happens to that?
What?
The needed burka.
What does that mean?
What are you talking about?
You need women. You used to have...
You need us for naked women on the internet?
Do you really?
Do you know where to go?
Yeah.
I mean, you could Google naked women in the world.
Yeah, we're listening to this pathetic excuse for a call.
What? What? What?
They're gone. They're long gone. They're not on there.
Okay, they're no naked women on our website.
What?
Google. What is that?
Yeah, Google. Google. That's what you are.
Google, like an infant. Google. That's what babies say.
Google.
You're thumb up.
Sit on it. That's what Google says.
You're thumb up your ass.
Pull out a plum.
And then eat it.
WQA.
Who? W-E-M-L-O.
I mean, you know, I've been looking over the results and everything I've tried to show up.
For lonely, dalolid, tamaytupa, la pingi.
Somebody's here, Wayne. Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
My favorite Johnny's that movie of all time is Blow.
Yeah.
What about you, like, Blow?
Blow off.
Blow this.
Yeah!
Oh, God. I kissed the ground.
In fact, you know, I'd like to work at the oil. I never have to come there again, ever.
I don't ever want to be in South Florida again.
Ever. Maybe I'll get me a place in Buffalo.
You know, like a PO box and like a...
Sure. A mail drop.
Yeah. Yeah, mail drop.
QA.
I'm not a big.
Dominic QA.
I'm not a mail drop.
Yeah.
Dominic QA. Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay. How you doing?
Pretty good.
This is where you come back down to my inn.
No.
Or else I'm gonna have to go up to Toronto.
Can I stay over for a week?
No.
Come on.
Please.
No chance.
What do I have to do to your friend?
That's in the picture.
I'm done.
Let me get you to ask you that.
Don't ever call a show again.
That would be a good first step.
Be my friend.
Godfather.
Dominic QA. Hello.
How you doing?
Okay.
This Chuck Norse.
That was up.
Chuck.
Dominic QA. Hello.
Hello, guys.
Yes, sir.
We're done.
Dominic QA. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Okay.
I got an email back from one I sent Joe Bell.
I was complaining about the beast polluting the airways.
He said he was looking to it.
The beast is going off on January 22.
They hired a guy from Kansas City.
That's good.
That's good.
The beast is not.
He should not be near a microphone.
That is correct.
Okay.
Thank you.
I need to feed you.
9.61 on the pool, man.
Next hour we're going over a thousand and after that there's no
holding us back.
I thought this poll was bad today.
I'm looking at this pile.
Wow.
Favorite sandwich spiller.
Oh.
You know something that gave me crap on anything about your favorite candy bar?
I thought that was good.
I thought that was a lot of fun.
Didn't you?
It was a lot of fun.
I mean, it was a lot of fun.
But they don't.
We don't like it.
We're in Florida.
We're in Florida.
I can't afford any new friends here.
I'm already overloaded.
Did you find out who wrote this?
He's a cop.
It's Pete running and he's rewriting it right now.
What did I tell you?
Because it sounded like him.
Right.
With all his cutesy little lines that he puts in there that he ran out of here.
He ran out of here.
He did what?
You'd be impressed.
I said the text.
He ran in here practically before I sent it.
He should have ran in there and teared.
He ran out.
He ran out.
Okay.
A guy who tries too hard to be clever and cute and funny.
And you know three things about him.
He isn't clever.
He's not cute and he's definitely not funny.
Well, he's funny looking.
Yeah, that's for damn sure.
And you can go to the new Rogers page to get the link.
Remember Eric put that link up there while I said again.
Let me say to you again.
The promotional idea is for them to go to qam.com.
Don't you understand that?
Why are you defending the indefensible?
Because you're on point.
Is that what you're doing yet?
I'm just going to be argumentative.
I'm supporting this show's website.
Oh, you guess what movie I watched last night?
Something you've seen before.
Give me a hint.
A kiss before dying.
Original one.
Oh, man.
He looked so good in that movie.
I could have just started this toes and worked on it.
Yeah, that wasn't my reaction when I watched it now.
Each week we give you the opportunity to try one of the areas restaurants that half
off in this week's feature is going to be one of the classic Italian restaurants.
One of the best in town.
Joy the Baker and Pembroke Pines.
Now those chain Italian places they're overpriced and have the same old parm.
Do you know what that means?
The same old parm?
No.
Well, time to race.
Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on qam.
NFL films present.
The Dolphins suck.
In the 2007 campaign, players, reporters and fans agree.
The Dolphins suck.
Not only do they suck, they suck out loud.
They're players suck.
They're coaches suck.
And those pastel uniforms.
Oh, daddy, do they ever suck?
But on a rainy Monday night in Pittsburgh.
The suck fins took sucking to a whole new level of suck.
They lost a three-nothing ball game with 17 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter.
Thus prompting football fans everywhere to shut off their TVs, shake their heads,
and shout upon high the Dolphins suck.
Hey, man.
Cover one at five, 60.
Although at least they don't have jack or a C-a-quarter back.
Like the box.
Did you see that game?
Chris?
I watched about half of it before I fell asleep.
Now does he suck, Jeff Garcia?
You fairy.
I mean, on the field.
I'm 68 on your pool.
I'm not asking you for real opinion.
Okay, just the idea that the Redskins were even in a playoff said so embarrassing to me and humiliating.
And the fact that the Giants won their game just, I don't get it.
Well, they were playing a girls team, the Bucks.
The Bucks suck.
George McGovern says, why I believe Bush must go?
Nixon was bad.
These guys are worse.
Remember George McGovern?
Sure do.
Used to be a guest in my show when I was on INC at night.
Every now and then.
Those are the days, baby.
When I was on a real radio station.
Remember those days?
No, you know.
What do you remember?
I.O.D.
Remember the Paxing Days in I.O.D.
Sure do.
That was pretty radio-ish.
It was.
As compared to this.
Don't forget speaking of that, we got the Jack Show with a music in the back.
Watch your backs, Jacks.
I'm going to try to get a real drum in here and I'm going to accompany him personally.
No, seriously.
What is that all about?
Do you explain it to me?
We tried.
He's cool.
Don't you know?
You play Giants and makes you look cool.
Do you want to?
Look cool.
Don't you know Giants is cool.
We got the music.
Yeah.
This is for running stippy.
That's why.
For running stippy.
Huh?
And so is that.
Why sorry?
It's an R&S.
I thought Rick and Suds.
That's what the whole funny nutty I am.
This is the opening thing.
Speaking of drums.
Yeah.
Don't get any bongo weird in this.
Baby.
Daddy-o.
Ooh.
Ow!
I might be tempted one day to come in here and listen for about five minutes.
I doubt it, though.
Do you like it?
No.
George McEver said this as we enter the eighth year of the Bush Chained Administration,
I'd be elatedly and painfully concluded that the only honorable course for me is to
urge the impeachment of the president and the vice president.
Ow!
After the 72 presidential election, I stood clear of calls to impeach president Nixon
for his misconduct during the campaign.
I thought that my joining the impeachment effort would be seen as an expression of personal
vengeance toward the president who had defeated me.
Today I've made a different choice.
Of course, there seems to be little bipartisan support for impeachment.
The political scene is marked by narrow and sometimes superficial partisanship, especially
among Republicans, and a lack of courage and statement shift on the part of too many
democratic politicians.
So, the chances of aid by partisan impeachment and conviction are not promising.
But what are the facts?
Bush and Chained are clearly guilty of numerous impeachable offenses.
They've repeatedly violated the Constitution.
They've transgressed national and international law.
They've lied to the American people time after time.
Their conduct and their barbaric policies have reduced our beloved country to a historic
low in the eyes of the people around the world.
These are truly high crimes and misdemeanors to use the Constitutional standard.
From the beginning, the Bush-Chained teams' assumption of power was the product of questionable
elections that probably should have been officially challenged, perhaps even by a congressional
investigation.
In a more fundamental sense, American democracy has been derailed through the Bush-Chained
regime.
The dominant commitment of the administration has been a murderous illegal, nonsensical
war against Iraq.
They do responsible ventures killed almost 4,000 Americans, left many times the number
mentally or physically crippled, claimed the lives of an estimated 600,000 ramakis according
to an October study from the Johns Hopkins Bloomer School of Public Health and laid waste
to their country.
The financial cost of the U.S. is now $250 million a day and expected to exceed a total
of a trillion dollars, most of which we borrowed from the Chinese and others, as our national
that is not climbed above nine trillion by far the highest in our national history.
All of this has been done without the Declaration of War from Congress that the Constitution
clearly requires in defiance of the UN Charter and in violation of international law.
This reckless disregard for life and property, as well as constitutional laws been accompanied
by the abuse of prisoners, including systematic torture and direct violation of the Geneva
Conventions in 1949.
I haven't been heavily involved in signing and singing the praises of the Nixon administration,
but the case for impeaching Bush and Cheney is far stronger than was the case against
Nixon and Spiro Agneweth of the 72-Election.
The nation would be much more secure and productive under a Nixon presidency than with
Bush.
Indeed, as any administration in our national history had been so damaging as the Bush
Cheney era, how could a once admired Great Nation fall into such a quagmire of killing
immorality and lawlessness ask George?
It happened in part because the Bush Cheney team repeatedly deceived Congress, depressed
and the public, and to believe in that Sodom Hussein had nuclear arms and other horrifying
bad weapons.
There were an imminent threat to the U.S.A.
The administration is also though the public believed that Iraq was involved in the 9-11
of tax and other blatant falsehood.
Many times in recent years I recall Jefferson's observation, indeed I tremble from my country
when I reflect that God is just.
The basic strategy of the administration has been to encourage a climate of fear, letting
it exploit the 2001 al-Qaeda tax not only justify the invasion of Iraq, but also to
excuse such dangerous misbehavior as the illegal tapping of our phones by government agents.
The same fear among resled government spokesman and cooperative members of the press to
imply that we are at war with the entire Arab and Muslim world more than a billion people.
Cooperative members of the press.
Another shocking perversion has been the shipping of prisoners scooped off the streets of
Afghanistan to go on Tantamobay, Cuba and other countries without benefit over our time-tested
laws of habeas corpus.
Although the president was advised by the intelligence agencies last August that Iran had no program
to develop nuclear weapons, he continued to lie to the country into the world.
This is the same strategy of deception brought us into war in the Arabian desert and could
lead us into another unjustified invasion of Iran.
I can say with some professional knowledge and experience that if Bush invades yet another
Muslim oil state it would mark the end of U.S. influence in the crucial Middle East for decades.
Ironically while Bush and Cheney made counter-terrorism the battle cry of their administration,
their policies, especially the war in Iraq, have increased the terrorist threat and reduced
the security of the U.S.A.
Consider the difference between the policies of the First President Bush and those of his
son.
When the Iraqi army marched into Kuwait in August of 1990, President George Herbert Walker
Bush gathered to the support of the entire world, including the UN, the EU, and most of
the Arab League, to curfew spell Iraqi forces from Kuwait.
The Saudis and Japanese paid most of the cost.
Instead of getting bogged down and across the occupation, the administration established
a policy of containing the Bethesprachine with international arms inspectors, no fly zones,
and economic sanctions.
Iraq was left as a stable country with no capacity to threaten anybody.
Today after five years of clumsy mistake in policies in U.S. military occupation, Iraq
has become a breeding ground of terrorism and bloody civil strife.
It's no secret that former President Bush, as Secretary of State James Baker III, and
his national security adviser General Brent Scowcroft, all opposed the 2003 invasion
of the occupation of Iraq.
In addition to the shocking breakdown of presidential legal and moral responsibility, there is the
scandalous neglect and the soundling of the hurricane Katrina catastrophe.
The veteran CNN commentator Jack Capriot condenses it to a sentence.
I've never seen anything as badly bungled and poorly handled as the situation in New
Orleans.
Any impeachment proceeding must include a careful and critical look at the collapse of
presidential leadership in response to perhaps the worst natural disaster in U.S. history.
Impeachment is unlikely, of course, but we still must urge Congress to act.
Impeachment quite simply is the procedure written in the Constitution to deal with presidents
who violate the Constitution and the laws of the land.
It's also a way to signal to the American people in the world that some of us feel
strongly enough about the present drift of our country that support the impeachment
of the false prophets who have led us astray.
This, I believe, is the rightful course for an American patriot.
As former representative Elizabeth Holtzman who played a key role in the Nixon and Peechman
proceedings wrote two years ago, it wasn't until the most recent revelations that President
Bush directed the wiretapping of hundreds, maybe thousands of Americans, in violation
of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, and argued that his commander in chief
he had the right and interest of national security to override our country's laws, but
I felt the same sinking feeling in my stomach as I did during Watergate.
A president, any president who maintains that he's above the law and repeatedly violates
the law, thereby commits high crimes and misdemeanors.
I believe we have a chance to inhale the wounds and asian suffered in the opening decade
of the 21st century.
This recovery may take a generation, or depend on the election of a series of rational
presidents and congresses.
At age 85, I won't be around to witness the completion of the difficult rebuilding
of our sorority damage country, but I'd like to hold on long enough to see the healing
begin.
There's never been a day in my adult life when I wouldn't have sacrificed that life
to save the U.S. from genuine danger, such as the ones we faced when I served as a bomber
pilot in WW2.
We must be a great nation because from time to time we make gigantic blunders, but so
far we've survived and recovered says George McGovern.
By George.
Remember George McGovern?
No, you know.
I do, actually.
977 on Chris's pole.
And what do we need to get rid of?
What should be eliminated from professional sports?
And the invocation is winning hands down your pants.
There's Hilary looking like not over day overnight.
It is out talking very aggressively about the things that Barack Obama is doing wrong.
She says, listen, it's one thing to talk about change.
It's another thing to actually have done it.
So there's a very aggressive push against Barack Obama and a very aggressive push on the
ground to get Hilary Clinton's voters out.
That's where she belongs on the ground or maybe in the pound.
And there's Candy Cowley, man.
Is she looking bad today or what?
Not that she is when she looks really great.
She's looking too much makeup today, yeah?
No, I don't know.
I'm not watching it.
Well, why not?
What are you watching?
I'm watching a big TV with a half-naked woman on it.
I'm not going to go without a fever, man.
Yeah, and better than what you're watching.
That's her danger and better looking women.
Our David's a bitch.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
For the whole world.
Thanks you, gay.
For the whole day.
Thanks you, gay.
You know, I was just thinking, and of course that's unusual for me, but I was just thinking about
this thing with a dump putt.
You know, maybe fix it still doesn't have this thing activated down there, maybe like this possible.
I'll tell my department head.
You're going to give you department one?
No.
Oh.
Nothing.
Good.
And that's exactly what they deserve by the way.
Look at that phone, man.
That is a door nearly.
You think we weren't even on the air now?
Too political today, baby.
We don't want to hear politics, even though we got to New Hampshire primary tomorrow.
And that's what anybody with an IQ over three is talking about in America these days.
We don't want to do that, not our QAM.
We got planes flying into buildings.
What's that got to do with the ball game?
What's that got to do with the dolphins?
We're going to build part of cells.
We got to talk about sport.
There might have been a jocke on one of those planes.
Yeah, never thought about that.
Or in one of those buildings, right?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Here's my last push for calls today.
We were on a pretty good roll there for a while.
And pound 5, 60 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Lime.
What's that 45-minute delay catches up with us moving with shame?
Don't forget the Jason Jerk Show due to for this afternoon.
No extra charge for the Bongo music.
Now, is it all Bongo music or is it like a jazz?
No, no, I'm telling you.
It's like drum solos and jazz, drum solos and jazz music.
Oh, jazz, man.
Very clinic.
Junior.
Yeah.
I was 94.
It's wow.
Nobody can keep cruel and cruel.
QAM.
Hey, my worst thing with sports today on TV is the sideline reporters.
The name's fabulously spit out while the game is going on.
It's chill.
Now, why does it take 75 people to broadcast the game now?
It's a pretty, and it used to be okay when they come on, when somebody got hurt and they
gave you a report from the bed.
They're going to come back.
But they have like prepared packages that they enter a playsports just ridiculous.
Absolutely correct.
Okay, thanks.
sideline reporters, there's another one for your full Chris.
Put him on now.
Good.
Nine.
Nine, ninety two.
But in this segment, we're going to go over a thousand vote.
And it's not even twelve, thirty yet.
Wow.
Eat your heart out, jolly.
Joe, eat your parts out, baby.
tear your kiskeys out.
Nobody QAM, hello.
Hey, let me out.
Nobody QAM, hello.
QAM, hola.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I agree with you about the football.
I mean, the only really good team in the NFL right now, definitely, of course, the Patriots.
The four teams that have the vibes of the four best teams, everything in the terminal,
that's tennis and San Diego game with three.
Oh, just desperate, man.
The San Diego sucks.
Yeah, I mean, they're going to have to have the fact that they had to like pull it out of their ass
to be Tennessee.
I mean, Tennessee couldn't have scored in a horror house, you know, the pathetic.
Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, all those teams have the one this week and they're going to get absolutely counted by the teams that play next week.
Correct.
Okay.
But what did I ever...
Don't say it.
What did I ever...
Too late.
Don't say it.
Too late what?
You already said it.
Oh, I see.
You can't just call it have a conversation.
No, no.
Because all of these idiots, and I mean, idiots, they've got to have a handle.
You know what I mean?
That would make them a normal person and we can't have that no, can we?
I have no life.
That's their identity in life.
Oh, I'm the one that I ever do to you guys.
The Roger Show.
The quarter squad's gone.
The guy with the eyes.
Oh, I feel sorry for us.
Just like Dom Delewese said in Faso, and he said, I feel sorry for me.
I feel sorry for us.
You know it's plus 12.
It's 54 degrees.
No, it's 7th day in Edel.
And we have 996 vote.
Four more for a thousand.
Oh, Chris, then Chris can sit back and cheer and eat again.
WQA and hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How are you, sir?
Okay.
Two questions.
One, I'm trying to let the city on the web, and it keeps coming in and out.
That for any particular reason or...
It's the first report I've had of it.
It goes and then stops for a little stream for a while, and it'll stop for like 30 seconds.
Definitely a sticker knows into it.
I'm on your website.
Where do I take the poll at?
I could say that.
Where do you take the poll at?
I'm looking at the website.
I'm going your own website.
Let me ask you to...
I'm very personal.
Could the poll be any bigger than it already is?
You see the bad things on the QAM website.
Yeah, on the QAM website.
That's not our website.
That's the station website.
NealRogers.com.
You can get with it, sir.
Very, very confused man.
I feel so bad.
Not.
Now in 1997, we only need three now.
They're pouring in by the ones.
The streaming was a problem.
It's the only one I'm hearing it from.
That's probably his connections.
Yeah, you got a French connection, sir.
Bad.
Get a new computer.
Do it, go out and do something constructive.
Spend some money.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Another line checker, a line twister.
He's twisting the phone cord.
QAM.
Who is a Louis?
And what do you call a screw-in?
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes.
Yeah, I call Friday.
I believe that we can...
Oh, not again.
Not again.
WQAM.
Hello.
I'm for you.
I'm for you.
WQAM.
Hello.
And, Neil.
Yes.
I just want to say you'll notice that whenever the talking has
you're talking about Hillary, it's the Clinton.
You know, it's not just Hillary.
It's my Hillary Clinton.
It's the both of them.
Was there a joint that's a hip, yeah?
Yeah, no, no.
It's horrible.
And my assumption is that Barack Obama is going to have
a delieverment out of this like...
Yeah, right.
Uh-huh.
Very funny.
Very funny.
Not.
Now, Barack Obama is too smart to do that, like Al Gore did, you know, back in the 2000s.
Delieverment.
Again, Democrats, grasping defeat from the jaws of victory.
That's the only thing that made it possible for them to fix the election.
He would have wanted a glanslide.
As it is, he wanted a popular vote by over a million votes.
But not the electoral college, which it had been abandoned a long time ago,
that also makes it so much easier to fix the election.
We got a thousand votes.
Oh, hallelujah.
Oh, happy day.
Oh, we got a new piece of copy now, isn't that nice?
From Peaty.
From Peaty.
Let me know if that's better than any right now.
I'm going to tell you something.
He must be at least with him.
You could count on a copy.
He was always writing stick.
He would let me do my own stick.
He would always do that.
But at least it was something that made some sense.
But I think he's hanging around this roly crowd too much now.
It's rubbing off.
You know, it's the effect that it had and everybody came back like Brian Schmutz.
And of course, what's his name?
Todd Dreck.
He hasn't been here in that studio in a dog's age.
Am I right?
Right.
And you want to know why?
Because he don't want nothing to do with this.
And we don't want nothing to do with him either.
We don't want nothing to do with him.
Oh, you've got to do this for me.
Remember I was speaking to SCRUAN when he used to walk in behind her skirt?
Always behind her petty coats there, man.
Always hanging on to her breast apron string.
There wasn't petty about her coat.
Oh, my God.
Well, Todd wants you to do this.
Todd could never speak for himself because he knew that it was always something nobody wanted to do.
And that you don't need to go up.
There's some pieces of crap.
Some garbage, which I'm tempted to say what it is, but probably better not.
Who's gonna get Ricky a blow?
Oh, I don't know what it is about.
Now, why are there little voices over there?
Big noses, those goofy hats, tiny little meckles?
I don't know.
They just rub me the wrong way.
Anti-Semitism lifts in every speech.
I love regpsits in the news.
Oh, boy.
Hillary hates Jews.
Oh, my God.
No.
No.
God, she must have a wonderful aura.
One, she speaks.
I want a cry.
She could use a good rap by it's in the news.
Oh, boy.
Hillary hates Jews.
Well, 31 at 5.60 WQ.
I'm happy Monday to January, 7th January.
Man, it's all over now.
A lot of these people, once it gets to Hanukkah and Christmas and New Year's, they take these extended.
Every days of vacation, baby.
But you know what?
Sooner or later, unless you win the lotto.
Unless somebody leaves you a lot of money.
You got to pay the Piper, you know what I mean?
You got to come back and do this horrible thing called work.
A lotto is only 9 million Wednesday.
But you know what?
If I win it Wednesday, which I'm sure I won't.
But if I did Thursday, you're on.
And good luck to you, by the way.
I mean, 9 million.
How much could I send you if I won 9 million?
If I won it, 38 million last week.
What would I send you in a sincere way?
Whatever you send me, I'll say thanks.
And what would I send Chris? How many send?
About 30, man.
Oh my God.
That would be very kind.
Attach a collectible stamp to the envelope. How's that?
How about if I send it postage due?
No.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
QA and hello.
Emil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I just want to tell you, I know it's a long delay.
But I finally got around to watch a network and fast for this weekend.
And I'd say, you want to see what?
Network and fast for the first time.
Oh, wow.
What a weekend.
And can you make a list of movies to see?
Because right now you're hitting 1000% right now.
Can I make a list of movies to see?
To have it on there.
I'm going to have a list of movies required viewing.
I think you should have, like everyone, this period because so far you're hitting them on the head.
No pun intended.
Okay.
I will work on it.
And also.
Yes.
The fact that you're not a jock smith.
I know a lot of people call you with no sports questions.
The fact you're not a jock.
So I think that's why people want to hear your opinion.
Because I don't think most people are jock.
It's just, you know, forced down their throat.
Yeah, but you see the stuff.
You see something you don't understand.
When they call and ask my opinion about those things, it's never about anything I care about.
It's like, well, what do you think about parcells?
I don't care about parcells.
I don't care about the dolphins.
I don't care about Wayne.
I don't care about Jimmy Ciflus or Danny Boy or the Brainstorm.
I don't care about any of that.
So I don't have any opinion.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Good deal.
Okay. See you.
I mean, he makes a valid point.
I mean, I could answer those questions.
But I don't care in addition to which we already got 20 hours a day of that jock sniffing stuff on here.
I don't want to get sucked into it.
Because once I start answering those questions, then there will be a whole bunch of them.
Oh, Neil's doing a sports show now.
Oh, that's really great.
Maybe they'll renew you.
What?
If you do, maybe they'll renew you.
I don't want to do a sports show and I don't want them to renew me and guess what?
They would love for me to leave tomorrow.
They want the salary off the books tomorrow.
That again, nobody has said that in those words, but that's my perception.
Okay.
If I left tomorrow, they'd have a party.
Not a farewell party for me, but about me.
That's what they would do.
I mean, you look at what happened with Eddie K and Hank.
And it's not just the fact that they blew him out the door.
They can go anybody out they want to, including me.
But it was the way that it was done.
And this is Jolly Jomine.
And this is this current regime.
They aren't people, persons at all.
They're evil.
They mess with people's lives.
Which is what this business does best by the way.
They mess with people's lives.
George.
Yeah.
I just passed that along just for, you know, for your consideration.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil, did you read that article on Jack's Why You Got Five From E.S.T.M.?
He sent someone emailed the show that they want his 12th with Thunder.
And I think George has a lot of guts to try to criticize now for the show.
Who?
What?
What?
You have a lot of guts to try to criticize the show.
Who's show?
He's not criticizing anybody.
Show is talking about the fact that he plays bongo music in a background during the show.
He doesn't listen to that.
I wasn't talking about that other people were.
I mean, whatever.
I have a lot of guts criticizing history.
Showing a lot of guts.
Oh, yeah.
You got some real big cahons.
Yeah.
Yeah.
To criticize A.S.T.M.
Show that's going to be going off the air soon.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
I don't think it's the wrong way, but how long have you and Reverend John's worked together?
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Oh, ah.
W.Q.A.M. Hola.
Hello.
Yes.
How do you feel?
I feel okay in the lonely, lonely, lonely day.
W.Q.A.M.
I'm not going to yell.
Oh, man.
Who needs to go to the asylum when you got this show, man?
I know where to charge.
Like a one way ticket.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
I will prefer to have you 24-7 and get rid of all those jokers out of there with sports radio.
No, okay.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil Hyde, site box here.
Wow.
Sonny Fox.
Obviously not, but boy, he had it down.
Yeah.
What was that?
That was the Sonny Fox impersonator.
Nice job.
But what was that?
What was that sound?
A beeping hang-up.
You know what somebody slams the phone on and they hit a button at the same time?
You know, while they're doing it?
Wow.
That might have been him.
Just like Stan Major said.
That was Don Johnson.
Maybe that was Don Johnson doing a Sonny Fox impersonation.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
I'm here.
I'm here.
Good.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, Wayne Knife, perhaps home is factual?
You.
Don't put it.
You don't even know who that is.
Who's he talking about?
Nobody.
I don't know.
Is that some jok?
How are your friends of his?
Oh, probably his boyfriend.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
I'm Neil.
No.
No, Ken.
No, Ken.
No, Ken.
Bulletin.
We got over a thousand votes.
I don't need to look at that horrible poll again.
We've got to come up with a pretty decent one for tomorrow, because we had the Johnny Deppel on Friday.
And this one today about what we can do without in sports.
Let's take a look at it, though, just once.
And then maybe again before the end of the show, maybe?
We have a thousand twenty one votes.
What should be eliminated from professional sports?
The in-vocation 266 Vodlus America, baby.
Here's some Getski.
In Jesus' name, it always used to crack me up.
And get me pissed off at the same time.
You go to a dolphin game, which there are just tons of Jews there coming from Broward, and maybe one or two from Dade,
and two or three from Palm Beach.
And here's the in-vocation with some priest.
And he's doing this in a Jesus' name, and all of the Jews are standing like,
What?
What's with the Jesus?
What's with Yosuke?
It's called insensitivity intolerance.
It's called unacceptable.
And it's the NFL freaking way.
It's a football thing.
It goes back to the high school football games in Texas and the deep south,
or they have to have the prayer before the game.
So after the game, the quarterback can go out and screw about fifteen cheerleaders.
Isn't that what they pray for?
I guess.
In-vocation 267, get rid of it.
Sports, sports, nerd fans, 140.
Don King 111, designated hitter 94.
What about Dick Vitale?
He's only a minute.
What?
He's not around all over the world.
What about Don King?
He's around too much.
Golf 91, three man, both 71.
Locker Room Interviews, 67.
Pictures who hit like girls 49.
The middle 50 yards of a soccer field 37.
The Jack Ocracy 31.
Oh, please.
Get rid of him.
Bring back Howard Cosell, extra point 15, 2 minute warning 14.
Post game press conferences, 9.
Warm up pitches, 9.
Men slapping each other on the S7.
Sightline reporter 6.
Foul shots 5 and the Huttle will need three.
My favorite is the Huttle one, all the guys.
And I mean, I just don't understand it between hitting each other on the ass and holding hands in the Huttle.
Now, am I right?
You've seen that for Chris, I'm sure it's team unity.
Is that what I'm asking?
Yes, I'm like that.
I call it gay.
That.
You call it team unity, I call it.
The same is kind of like taking showers together.
Now, if you start holding hands in the show.
When you're hunting.
Before it happens, you get it here on News and SIX.
L.A.'s Top Doos Team.
Then is your boot hope.
Has been assassinated.
And now we're just going to go directly to California where press conferences about to begin.
There may soon be another baby in Britney Spears' life for 16-year-old younger sister Jamie Lynn is pregnant.
Will Jamie Lynn's hit TV show be canceled or postponed?
Her mom was very upset at first.
The release of her mother's book on parenting is being postponed.
And when we continue, 62 people are dead after a real-life hungry, hungry hippo.
The bowler is a boatful of tourists.
We'll have team coverage.
News and SIX.
L.A.'s Top Doos Team.
The media is sick and it's helped bad.
The media is sick and it's helped bad.
The media is sick and it's helped badly.
1245 at 560 W.M.
God forbid that Dr. Phil should stick his nose in all his Britney foolishness, but he did anyway.
Talk about a ranch standing phoning.
He's his phoning as a $73 bill.
Television's Dr. Phil McGraw said Britney Spears was released from a hospital Saturday, but still needs psychological help.
The trouble pop star was taken to Seeders' Sinai Medical Center by Paramedics Thursday night.
Actor Police were called home because of the dispute involving the two sons she had with ex-husband Red Necky Kevin Federline.
My meeting with Britney and some family members this morning in a room with Seeders leaves me convinced more than ever she's in dire need of both medical and psychological intervention McGraw told the programs.
I wonder if he mentioned that she kicked his ass out.
I said, get out of here! You phony! You quack!
Which is the most rational thing she said in years.
She was released moments before my arrival was packing when I entered the room.
We visited for about an hour when I walked into her car. I'm very concerned for her, he said.
McGraw planned to talk more about Spears on his daytime talk show this week.
Oh my god!
These are people we're supposed to care about. You know the good thing for me? I don't.
Yeah, I don't.
How's it going?
Aren't you pleased?
No, I knew that already.
No.
And the Britney sister and her pregnant five year old sister and her trailer trash mother and all this other crap with her parenting book that never got to the press.
Well, oh there's a...
With many of them.
He's out by the way. He's on a way out.
It's going to be between McCain and Hucklebee.
Now how do you think Hucklebee is going to do in the deep south with all them like in South Carolina?
Well, then Bible Thumpers?
Remember when we had the group of Christians who were going to make South Carolina a Christian state?
Remember that?
Yeah.
And all the Christians were going to move to South Carolina and everybody else was going to be forced out.
You know, no Jews allowed, no atheists certainly.
And you know how many Christians moved there to South Carolina?
Yeah, man, maybe.
Didn't work out too good.
And when I was talking about Roger Clemens on CNN, all these innocent people being butchered, all this crap they're trying to start up to create another incident, just like they did with the Gulf of Tonkin, which was alive by Johnson.
There was no incident. They just made it up.
See, that's the way foreign policy works.
They come up with a plan and then they make up stories so that they can carry out their plan, just like your rack.
They make a whole bunch of stories up.
But nevertheless, what does that have to do?
Oh, here's a great story. This is much more important than any of that.
Tom Jicker wrote a column, gambling's big wheel based on TV show.
You know what this column is about?
I give up.
Wheel of Fortune.
How do you like that?
Did I mention I went to a grand at Woodbine yesterday?
Did I mention that?
I don't recall.
I did.
Congratulations.
How do you like that?
Ending a bloodletting that went on for a couple of weeks there.
Boy, it was getting kind of grim.
And yesterday, last night on the dollar machine, I got a spin for a thousand and every, oh, gee, nice going.
I'm thinking, just mind your own business and watch how fast I'm going to race out of here.
I ran out.
I didn't walk out.
I flew out of there.
Tom Jicker says, this is how powerful a whole TV has on America.
Even when people are gambling at a casino, the polar favorite TV shows is irresistible.
Slot machines traditionally appeared off on cherries, oranges, plums, and bars, and had names like double diamonds, red hot sevens, and red white and blue.
They've been joined and in many instances were passed in popularity by Slots with TV tie-ins.
Deal or no deal?
Jeopardy.
The price is right.
Miami Vice.
I dream of Jeannie in the all-time champion, Wheel of Fortune.
Well, not a sign of patent van.
A wheel of fortune is spun its way into gambling history.
However, you're wrong about that, Tom, because on the two-set, the gigantic wheel, which I'm sure they have at other casinos now, too.
If you get a spin, you have to have three patent vanners on the thing that you get to spin.
And then there's like a little clip of patent vanna coming on.
I was like, oh, great. You're ready to play the bonus game.
We hope you win and buy about it like that, you know?
So there is a sign of patent vanna, which makes me know.
And then after you get whatever you got, they come on again and say, oh, nice going.
And then we hope to see you again soon.
And the fool in his money are soon parted and stuff like that.
It's the most popular slot machine ever, said Steve Collab, a revised president of gaming for Magnet Entertainment.
Parent company in Gulfstream Park in Hell in the Elbeach, where George was last, we can add a wonderful time.
Yes, I did.
Now, you never saw the slots of the slot room?
No, but I'm thinking of going back again, you know, at this time taking a proper look around.
Because it was really close.
I got a couple of grand with you.
Oh, yeah. Send it to me.
I'll take it.
The Ventura resident Pam, Cambers, aren't prone to wanting their full names in the newspaper,
said on a recent afternoon at Marty Gragging that she and her husband are regulars.
He hits for the poker room and she looks for a wheel of fortune machine.
I love it.
And I hate it.
She said, I hate losing money by loved playing the game.
Well, who doesn't, Pam?
Wheel of torture.
The affection for the game stems in large part from the opportunity to hit big with a bonus spin of the wheel,
which looks just like the one on TV, the wheel.
Spin the wheel.
Those of you who look every worded with multiples from 15 to 1, to a thousand one on their wager.
A tourist from Montreal, Gaiton, sent you boxes of TV show regular,
and let's reveal a fortune of machines whether she's vacationing in South Florida or Las Vegas,
or if they casino in Montreal out there on the island day, where all the frauds speak to you in French.
And you say, no, probably, but from, say, I don't speak French.
Oh, wow.
And they continue speaking to you in French.
It's all about getting the spin of wheel.
That's why I play the game.
She says, she prefers Marty, Ron Hellendale, and any of these since the year casinos,
she says, I never win in Vegas.
Join the club.
I think one time, all the times I went to Vegas, one time I won.
And the rest of the time I lost my fat ass.
Collabra, who's been in the gambling business for more than a quarter since you remember
is introducing Wheel to the Taj Mahal Atlantic City when he works for Donald Trump.
It was an immediate home runny said.
More than a decade later, Wheel is still circling the bases around the clock and unprecedented achievement.
Traditionally, slots have a life cycle of 18 months to three years, most last about two years.
Wheel of Fortune has completely bucked that trend, Collabra said.
Ten years from now, it will still be hot because the customer is demanded.
Amen.
Wheel is one of the most successful slot game there is, than at Kinzweiss Prison and Marty Grag Gaming.
If I could buy Wheel of Fortune machines, says Marty Grag director of slots,
Mike Deluka Jr., I would buy all of them.
Oh, but, unfortunately for casino owners, it's not possible.
About 70% to 80% of slot machines you buy, I can say, but Wheel of Fortune, you have to lease.
The additional recurring expenses worth of the coin Deluka, most of the time,
every wheel machine is taken.
You have to wait to get a seat at one, to which I would say,
I have no life.
No, I would say that.
That's so moving, correct.
Well, that too.
The same is true at Seminole Hard Rock and Hollywood, according to Gary Vittner,
spokesman for the Indian casino.
It's hard to find a seat at a wheel machine when it's busy,
because they're all looking for the good machine man.
Familiarity is an asset, Vittner said, people know the title.
Also, it's tall and colorful.
Wheel's profile on the casino is also elevated by a course like Wheel of Fortune,
Chan heard when somebody qualifies for the bonus spin.
And also Tommy, even when somebody doesn't qualify for the bonus spin,
it's built into the audio of the game.
So you're sitting there, nobody's getting any spins, but the audio spins out.
Wheel of, forcing in, you're looking around like, who got to spin nobody,
but it's just, you know, it really is noisy, Gayton said,
hoping to hear those magic words yourself.
A fairly new jumbo sized wheel of fortune carousel,
at which multiple gamblers can play simultaneously,
has made the game even more of a presence at casino for us.
That's the two penny one I'm talking about.
Two cents.
But in order to get to spin, you have to play 40 times of something.
So even 40 times, 40 times five is what?
You're asking me a math question?
I thought we had that in the past 200.
200, 200, 200 is $4.
Correct.
So it says 2 cent machine on there,
but if you're going to play the max, you're playing a $4 machine on.
The bonus spin is probably the biggest factor in wheel's popularity, Tommy says,
because if Fox does a perception that it pays better than other slots,
Wheel was a pioneer in offering a secondary element of traditional slots,
which pay off solely on matching symbols.
Wheel does this two,
certain icons, stopping the right places.
And of course any veteran wheel of fortune player knows, Tommy,
that the big payoffs are on the line, not on the wheel, on the line.
Bonus rounds are not coming.
A place on the latest generation of slots,
but none has the cash air,
or instant recognition of wheel of torture.
Steve Bory of Robert Resident Author of the Annual American Casino Guide,
concludes that wheel is the most popular slot machine ever made.
However, he wonders whether the bonus round isn't calibrated to pay out a certain percentage over time,
just as the more traditional...
Oh my God, Steve!
Just as the more traditional slot machines are,
I believe it's predetermined,
but there are people in this fee who will tell you both sides.
He said, of course it's predetermined.
What's wrong with you, Mon?
Like they're just going to keep paying out,
thousand after thousand after thousand,
are you a crazy person or what, Steve?
He wrote the American Casino Guide?
Oh my God, and that's scare you.
A little bit.
Scares me a lot.
Payoffs that the Broward Ray Cino is Velstein Martigrond,
the island of Pomphano Park,
are about 90% over the long haul,
whole, a haul,
according to Bory.
However, during any given hour or day,
the percentage can be much more or less.
It's a factor of life at all casinos
at the greater the wage,
the higher percentage of the return,
dollar machines pay back a greater percentage than quarter machines,
which pay more than nickel machines,
which pay more than penny machines.
And you know, let me tell you right now,
some of the machines that I have really good luck on,
are dime machines, mon.
So to help with a quarter slot guy,
I like them dime machines, mon.
But of course you play 15 times,
50 lines times three,
your credits is 45.
So you're paying four and a half bucks every time you have the button.
See how they got you coming and going?
I see it.
You think it's a dime machine, mon?
But if you play to max,
it's 450 a spin.
Ooh.
The letter armors,
no more of a sword,
it says, although it's possible to play a single cent,
a typical wager is a dollar more
to cover all the potential winning lines.
That's right, Tommy.
Other slots with TV tie-ins,
such as a dealer or no deal,
might be exceptions to the rule of pre-determined paybacks,
because the way the bonus round is designed,
but we said,
just as on the TV show,
the player has a chance to take the deal
tainted by the machine,
or to continue in pursuit of a greater payoff.
I dream a genie operates in a similar manner.
The bonus round challenges the player to pick genie bottles,
each with a number that increases the payoff by that multiple,
mixed in our several game ending bottles,
which are probably killed a bonus round.
How quickly this happened depends on the player's choice of bottles, you know?
Like the TV show,
Genie is falling out of hope,
and it's difficult to find these days.
So it's another TV thing slot,
which you think would have endless of people in South Florida,
the space on the Mardi Gras slots for now occupied by dealer or no deal,
used to be filled by mommy vice,
but crocket and tubs have been canceled against his Tommy.
You think Stan Major's upset about that?
Do you know that time I mentioned money,
or actually called my house?
Did he?
Did I say that?
No.
Stan Major.
Now a news talk radio 610 WIOD.
Give you a miss,
I'll call my house against you,
this, this.
Well then what the hell is your problem?
Kane is in New York, fella.
What he was doing is your,
I don't want Kane back, I just told you that.
Well then who do you want?
Who do you want?
You want Alan Burke?
I don't want that.
I think that you want Joey Reynolds?
So what's that?
They want the hell do you want in the air?
Science?
Is that all we have to do?
What do you give me a name?
What is that all we have to do?
Who do you want?
Is that all we have to do?
A content?
Do you what,
doing to to sex?
I did.
Here, the next Stan Major show,
this afternoon at 2 on News Talk Radio 610 WIOD,
this is on, this is not a tumor.
It's the ones at 2 hours.
Glitz, for the,
please…
please…
please for the,
that's what I got with me some keeps.
As can say,
Glitz.
Door, door, door.
Door, door, door, door, door.
Door, door, door, door, door,
door,no, door, door, door, door, door,
When you get sold, the will he be there?
A bit to rot, though?
Will he still be coming down the parrots and a die?
Will he live with more plays since after same time?
Will he be thin airs?
Or still be fat?
Or will he adopt a cat?
I don't think he'll want it.
Move back to flog!
No, when news sixty-nine.
The door, the door, the door.
And point, point, point.
Make you just sandwich it.
Spreading around in his underwear.
It's syndicated worldwide of the satellite.
Or just no waitin' for the beastlies to die.
Will he be spending most of his time?
Lunchin' at Fort Buying.
Keeping his time filled,
Rewinding his last will,
When the ill sixteen-year-old line.
If he's gonna spend a lot of hot times in the downer-boyland,
Yeah, who is that to quit?
There'll be an old game, you.
A din of it.
How much older, cranky, girl?
With half of the oiled in his shoe.
The door, the door, the door, the door.
The door, the door, the door.
Will he retire or be on the air?
On sport-hole radio.
Will he win a lot, though, of a very unparalleled,
When news sixteen-year-old line.
Move back to flog!
The door, the door, the door, the door.
One, oh three at five, sixty-watt.
I'm happy Monday to you, and speaking of gambling,
Which I just wanted to know.
Did you find that it all interesting that the article I just read or not?
No. Why?
About the wheel of fortune.
Do I have to explain it?
Yes.
Because I don't play slots.
Yeah.
And if I did, maybe I would be happy to be interested in it.
You're going to be interested in this.
All right. Maybe.
All right.
I'll let you know.
The Seminole Tribes gambling agreement with Governor Charlie Christ.
Gay has been officially approved following today's publication of a notice announcing the deal on the federal register.
It's official.
Are you interested in that?
Yeah, whatever.
Despite a final attempt last week by Florida Attorney General Red Nekki Bill McCollum to delay the agreement,
The controversial gambling pact is now an effective court of the Bureau of Indian Affairs spokeswoman Niedred Darling.
The Tribes said it has at sixty-seven months away from installing the new games in its seven casinos.
Under the deal, the centimals can run class three or biggest-dial slot machines, as well as card games, including Blackjack.
In return, the Tribal paid the state least $100 million a year for 25 years.
But the agreement still faces a challenge in the Florida Supreme Court.
House Speaker Marco Rubio filed suit in November shortly after Christen and the Tribes signed the agreement.
Arguing the governor didn't have the right to bind the state to the deal without legislative approval,
in that case the schedule for arguments until I had seen on January 30th.
About 30, man.
Charlie like that.
So it's still up in the air like everything in Florida.
Oh, we don't want to have that ear.
We don't want that.
It's all immoral and illegal and evil, though.
Right?
Right.
And it's not a problem.
Well, there's Mitt Romney again.
He's got all the look of a badly beaten loser on his face.
And of course, the hamster.
That's right in his backyard there.
Right next to Massachusetts.
Which I used to say differently, but I destined to say it that way.
No, no, no, no.
I'll get joystive if I said that way now.
Massachusetts.
What?
You heard me.
How many QAAM?
Hello?
Hey, Uncle Mail.
Yes, sir.
Business, the 20 years first I've ever called you.
Right.
I've seen that article about the Wheel of Fortune game and I wondered if you were going to
say anything about it.
Well, I did.
I've been out west.
I drove a truck and all the ones I seen was the stand-up.
I've never played that sit-down one.
It's a sit-down.
It's a step.
Don't do it.
All right.
I appreciate the advice and I was always said, if I ever got a chance to talk to you, I was
going to tell you, when you went to Amsterdam, I never knew.
You was complaining about that chair.
I was like, what do you say to that chair every day?
I never knew.
And you never knew what?
That you were gone.
I had no idea because I'm in and out of the truck and you used to give the time.
I used to work on heavy equipment and I couldn't wear a watch and you always would give the
time and then about the time I lost that job and got a cell phone.
You could have given the time.
It was perfect.
Yeah, I don't think you didn't need it anymore.
Okay, good luck to you, sir.
Get some help.
Wow, do you have any idea what he just said?
None at all.
106 at 560 W.
Here, there's the time for it.
10th?
I'll give you the 10th.
I don't know what the temp is there.
Is it toasty?
Probably.
Like 80.
Is it?
I don't think it's that high yet.
No.
No.
Before here though, oh, here's 11 degrees.
Southwest Police at 30 kilometers per hour.
Tomorrow morning as you wake up, you're going to see temperatures right around 11.
We're going to have to be able to do an additional 10 to 15 millimeters to add all those fast-moving
waterways.
The big question is how long are these temperatures going to last?
Not long.
And what's it going to be like for the weekend?
Those details coming up a little bit later.
Great.
Okay, sweetie.
And as I'm looking out my window, the snow, you know what we had the snow, and I see what happens as you well know.
Well, maybe you don't know.
Maybe you forgot.
But in the winter time, when you have a big snowstorm, they come in a plow and a shovel.
Sure.
But so the ice all collects along the sides of the side walls.
Right.
They can pile it here and there and so on.
And then because it's sort of cool, it turns to ice.
Right.
Well, guess what?
There is not a spec.
Really?
Not a drop.
Anywhere.
Because I got washed away because the temperature is like 50 or 4 and it's been raining and you know,
and once that warm, it pees it all away.
I said, so it looks more like, it's kind of like a dank spring day.
Okay, as opposed to a dank winter day.
And under any weather conditions, even it was like minus 25 Fahrenheit and 45 foot drift of snow,
it still beats being there.
WDQA and Hello.
See what I mean?
WDQA and Hello.
Radio.
Yes sir.
I want to talk about that.
That's very cool sticky hair last week.
Okay, okay, let's go.
Same guy.
QA and Hello.
And show it never less than New York, your bum.
Yeah, go back there.
Go back there, Schmuck.
WDQA and Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Listen, you live in Montreal now?
No.
I thought it was Montreal.
Try Toronto.
You ever hear of that?
Of course.
I thought it was.
People speak English.
I know it's hard to relate to when you're calling from South Florida,
but people are actually speaking English.
Now, there's a buddy of mine who goes up to Montreal, he's got family up there,
which I know Montreal is the one that do for a part from each other.
But do you still have like, there's not much snow up there.
And I'm like, you got to get me, man.
It's got to be snowing like crazy up there.
Why is that?
Why I'm assuming that because it's so fun north, you know?
But is there snowmatch in Montreal or Toronto or does it?
It's snowing in Montreal like the world is coming to it.
Montreal sucks, okay?
If we have an inch of snow here, they have two feet of snowmatch in it.
It's like the bottle of candy.
It's like the guy that's going to get wet.
It's snowing in Montreal, okay?
Let me ask you something.
Why do you care whether there's a lot of snow in Montreal?
What is that an ant or to you?
Well, because the service that's telling you this is always trying to craft.
You know, so I'm like, I just want to like confirm that he's for a craft, that's all.
Yeah, I think you're full of crap.
No, I don't think it.
I know it.
But I'm sitting here in my underwear in Montreal, not.
See, this is the American public for a man.
They couldn't find Canada on the map with both hands.
I know it's hard to find it.
Yeah, it's so far.
It's America's hat.
Yeah.
Can't find Canada, eh?
Can't find Cuba on the map.
Can't find the Philippines.
Can't find Hawaii.
Many, many years ago when they did that thing that surveyed the U of M, of course, U of M.
I mean, is it like a real school, but nevertheless.
And they asked all these kids geography questions.
And the kids from New York, most of them couldn't find New York City on the map.
Even Long Island, they couldn't find.
How do you like that?
Is it hard to see Long Island on the map?
I don't think so.
Is it?
It might be.
God, dumb and dumb.
That's why so many people care about Brittany and her pregnant slut sister.
That's why the media is abelable to leave the public around by the nosesle.
You don't understand that.
I do.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Canada.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Hey, I know where Canada is.
It's in South Florida and it blows.
Oh.
There is a guy who's not too happy with a...
That's not Canada, sir.
That's the frogs, baby.
You've got your boofotos and you've got your frogs.
This is a bad...
And I'm glad.
Because if the public got a taste of what people from the rest of Canada are like,
then they'd say, oh gee, maybe I want to go to Canada.
But in South Florida, all you get are the frogs from Montreal and Quebec.
And a bunch of disgusting obnoxious fat slabs with their speedos
and their cheap non-tipping.
They're just disgusting.
So if you want to stick it to your friend from Montreal, that'll be called...
Just get a big smile on your person, sit back knowing that he's suffering in Montreal.
I horrendous place.
Remember the first time I went there and I told you how much I liked it?
Yeah.
That's all because the restaurants are good.
I see.
They have some really good food.
But you know something?
Is that worth it?
Would anybody want to move someplace because they have good restaurants?
Well, that would be one good reason.
That's like people that are moving and saying,
Neil, I'm moving to Seattle.
Do they have any good talk shows up there like that?
So many stupid people and so little time.
That's why religion is such a good paying business.
I'm like solid.
You win.
Huh?
G-A-Y
As you see, K-S
Absolutely.
MUSIC
Please, please.
I will not give up, unless you have any mold.
Sorry, but, please, I My Board is still nothart, no, please please, you're unhas to his立 at this ceremony.
I will not ever forgive with anyone else but, please, I will not forgive.
I Amer not gay,
I never have been gay.
Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum.
6,000 dollars.
You ferry.
Uncontrollable oily discharge.
Get it get it get it get it get it get it get it get it get it get it get it get it get it get it.
One of the hardest parts in my job is to connect,
a rack to the war on territory.
Loves me in a grieve with me.
He is for the armor.
You ferry.
Hey, she as a handsome woman.
Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum.
This were a dictator ship. It'd be a heck of a lot easier.
Just as long as I'm the dictator.
I am not gay. I never have been gay.
I hear the voice, he's voice. I'm a commander guy.
We are the moon tonight. And our culture is advanced beyond all that you can possibly comprehend with 100% of your brain.
That's how we define common autofocus.
I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a
man. What's the question? The guest. I don't even know, I don't even know, I don't even know. I don't even know, I don't even know, I don't even know. I don't even know no, I don't even know. It's it an appeased setting. I won't beat.
Dongtan is the head of the business of the movie Henry, Chung dramatic location dating, amplification Sara, Nakamura, with herulings on Dazu Normal Food so far.
So and and and so you're ever had the Christians hate it so all the Christians
Haydor wise in life for heathens you know it is good I like it like I said I love
Marine down as a column that he wrote yesterday in New York Times voting for a
smile you know Marina Queen she says the heavy forces at the Pummouth
Church Caucus in Des Moines were diverse to bribes they were passing out
seized chocolates to Richardson supporters and they were diverse to threats my
wife told me I'd have to join them or I'd be sleeping on the couch tonight
said Ed Truslow a compact set a 68 year old manufacturing representative he
was still wearing his Chris Dodd sticker when he lumbered over to his wife's
side a Clinton organizer slapped a Hillary sticker over the offending Dodd sticker
and with a frantic cheeriness told him Hillary now right God bless they weren't
averse depending the rules when they realize they might not have enough
people to get even one Hillary delegate they sneaked out of their assigned
room to Red Rover their neighbors over before they'd been officially counted
themselves it was understandable that Hillary's golden girls
acolytes would freak out when they saw the throngs of young Obama hope
mongers swarming the caucuses as one Dodd supporters said looking for her
little dog corner I'm lost in the Obama's a caucus goer drive in order that it
didn't seem the most propitious harbinger harbinger for Hillary that the
faithful evening began with a threat to withhold kind of a bliss a tarpager I
know that's why stunt harbinger doom
canubio bliss excuse me but that's the way the tough cooking crumble Thursday night
the Obama revolution arrived not on little little cat feet in the Iowa snow but
like a bombing promise and effortlessly leaping line hungry for something
different propelled by a visceral desire among Americans to feel American again
it was a harbinger of things to come the bushes always self-consciously and
swaggeringly put themselves on the American side as poppy used to say implying
that the rivals were somehow less American but many Americans can no longer
see themselves in the work of values of the bush white house or the pathetic
paralysis of Congress or the disapproving gaze of the world that's G.A. Z.E. not gay
they want a different looking glass so they roll the dice and as the Chicago
tribunes marked tack it put it voted for a smile I interview three republicans
in the Obama section of the caucus who were ready for the red-state blue state
merger they said they didn't want hill and bill back in the white house and
that John McCain was too much of a yes man for W who'd be trade republicans with
his handling of the back war and his fiscal irresponsibility Hillary's aides were
grumbling last week that Obama had no rationale to offer but himself perhaps
that was true when he started people usually run for president because
somebody tells them they should and then grabbed on the reasons afterward but on
Thursday Obama's vague optimism and smooth jazz modernity came together in a
spectacular fusion with the deep yearning of Democrats who suffered through
heartbreaking losses in the last elections with uninspiring candidates often
unable to serve the electricity he sparked over the last year Obama's now put
on his lower wreath and dropped his languid pose tapping directly into what he
calls the fire burning across the country the dream of a cool smart elegant
reasonable literary witty decent west's reign sort of present who won't
bankrupt us or endanger us or co-op their rights or put a black hood on the
constitution I want to go before the world and say America's back he told
during Democrats and Milford New Hampshire adding we are one nation we are one
people and the time for changes come even though Obama was willing the
undemographic so coveted by Hollywood it took a page from JFK and avoided the
casual look last week there were no jeans or snow boots just dark suits
stylish ties and dress shoes by the time she got the New Hampshire Hillary was
reduced urging voters not to buy in the false hopes at a hanger in Nashville
with chatty brilliant chatless Chelsea Hillary tried to perlowing more of the
Obama message besides saying the word changes often possible she said she was
particularly reaching out to young people to help them reclaim the future she
claimed that she dislike the red state blue state terminology we are one
country she said echoing Obama even if she had it that she should be the
nominee because she's the one to best withstand the Republican attack
machine what she doesn't mention is that she knows how to fight off the
Republican attack machine because she and her husband were so adept at
revving it up listening to Hillary and Obama evokes the famous scene in the
classic the night of the hunter when Robert Mitchen whose fingers are tattooed
with love on his right hand and hate on his left has a wrestling match with his
hands to see which emotion triumphs in the movie love does but it's a close call
says your friend Marie and the Queen all right what's all this stuff here that
you just fact here's one that says I know it's a little late for today's
pool is sure is what about what really needs to be taken away from sports is
the playing of god bless America during the seventh and he stretched baseball
games there was a time baseball games were truly enjoyable and those were
during the run freezer days Neil God help us oh
here's one that says sorry about the format can't figure out how to correct
because it's written a full semi-effects all yeah hard to read not if you got
a good I say Tracy and Kendall says happy out here is feel this relax happy
new year my vote for the pullers who gives a crap I know that sounds like
typical soft food a hate back but it's not I am a sports fan I'm just not
obsessed enough to think that one detail will change matters Tracy's got a
pull idea what movie scene disturbed you the most it doesn't have to be scary
just disturbing such as the Scarface chainsaw shower scene exorcist piece of
scene and psycho shower scene when you have a great day to Tracy and Kendall well
let's see what Phil has to say if I can read it okay when you agree this is kind
of tiny print it is tiny oh poor tiny he says high Neil in George it's funny how
things were a calorie was so smug and previous interviews when asked what she
would do if she lost she replied she had no thought about it since he wouldn't
lose she had bought her into her availability to get the nomination and if he
asked me has an error of entitlement whenever she speaks her greatest miscalculation
was going extremely negative on Obama what so many politicians forget is this
age of information since the yeah so when Henry makes a speech and refers to
Obama's record it's easily checked in fact almost any supposed fact that this
goes on on okay thanks Phil just the two ponderous you know goes on and on am I
right yes yep thanks for the sentiment though Bill at least there's somebody
who's got something to say thousand eighty one votes on the pool and invocation
is leading the pack like two to one 279 out of a thousand and what 1081 we got a
shot at 1100 they wouldn't that be nice nice way to stir up the real the real
first week of the new year huh huh hope Benedict has instructed Roman
Catholics to say in perpetuity to cleanse the church of pedophile clergy in
perpetuity that'll do it just saying or this is a there's more for the story
than meets the eye I don't want to want to gloss over it God bless America here's
Kate Smith let's roll around on a chair I know that the Lord even loves me
or I just you get down on your knees with your roles are easy
your head with great respect and you're
like you're like you're like you're like you're like you're
whatever steps you want if you have clear them with the ponte of everybody say
is on here your latest on doing the morning and
in line in that processional step into that small confessional there the guy
who's got religion I'll tell you if your sins original if it is
right when it's safer train the wine and chew the wafer to
you're six eight times the transubstantiate forget now upon your knees
fiddle with your roles are easy your head with great respect and you're
like you're like you're like you're like you're like a cross on your abdomen
when in Rome do like a Roman our baby Maria she's good to see you
and I'm excited I'm excited I'm gonna do it I'm gonna ride
132 to the end yeah when in Rome do the Romans baby they tend to be extremely
friendly and the food is really good to be eaten in Rome let me tell you
what I heard too yeah about Pope Benedict the 16 is instructed Roman Catholics to say
in perpetuity to cleanse the church of pedophile 3rd year I think that'll do it
all dioceses perishes monasteries count of comments and
seminaries will be expected to organize continuous daily prayers to express
pennants and purify the clergy I think he's got something there Vatican
official said that every parish of institutions the designated person or group
each day to conduct continuous prayers for the church to read itself of the
scandal of sexual abuse by clergy alternatively churches in the same diocese
could share the duty prayer would take place in one parish for 24 hours and then move
to another round the clock baby where is bill hailey in the comments when we
need them come right up you got it it'll give you a second Vatican watch you
say there was no known prison for global prayer on a specific issue with a
sky there are about a billion Roman Catholics worldwide well if he didn't
would give like five bucks one two three a place talk about it seven o'clock
eight o'clock rock oh ten eleven o'clock twelve o'clock rock we're going to rock
tonight
tonight
behind the end of the
next
Johnny Depp and he was the movie crybaby crybaby which is
no i'm so glad i didn't see that movie oh trust me the instruction was sent
to visit by carnal cloudy of humus of Brazil white of the human humus human
human head of the Vatican congregation for the clergy told
the observatory or romano the Vatican newspaper that he was acting in a
Pope's name the Pope on account is to pray for the mercy of God for the victims of
the grave situations caught by the moral and sexual conduct of a very small part
of the clergy oh yeah wonder what party is talking about don't say we miss
official said that the prayers were in addition to a support for legalizing
as pedophile priest by their victims and a coded up to two years ago by the
Vatican to try to ensure that men with deep seated homosexual tendencies do not
enter similar is to train for the pre-tune cardinal humus said the aim was to put
a definitive stop to a scandal that damaged the image of the church and forced
us our size is including Boston LA to pay millions of dollars in compensation
to the victims forced to put a definitive stop to the scandal not forced to a stop
doing it just to the scandal he said that the scandal was exceptionally serious
although it probably was caused by no more than one percent of the four hundred
thousand Catholic priests around the world ride anybody buying that no
anybody ever meet a straight priest no when the pedophile scandal erupted in Boston
five years ago Pope Benedict XVI or cardinal ranting or as he was then
underlined the rat part accused the media of exaggerating crisis he later took a tougher
stand and was said to have been behind the statement in 2003 by Pope John Paul
the tooth to the meeting of American churchmen in which he said the abuse
which is caused this crisis is rightly considered a crime by society and also
an appalling sin in the eyes of God people need to know there is no place in the
priesthood religious life for those who would harm the young
when cardinal ranting or stood in for the dying John Paul the tooth of the good
Friday procession Easter 2005 he stunned the faithful by the pouring
publicly how much filth there is in the church even among those in the priesthood
filth that fat
a month later he lifted the legal protection about it and given the father
marshal might miss you the Mexican founder of the legendaries of Christ
marshal macell whatever who was accused of sexual abuse of your existence
macell was banned from saying masses or speaking in public well that will teach
him however cardinal Bernard law who is our special
of Boston when the scandal broke was transferred to a post in Rome and remains a
respected figure despite accusations he didn't take strong enough action
and dealing with abuse in his diocese and then the story is got a
list here of the all the different numbers church crisis six hundred and
sixty million dollars the amount paid out by the L.A. Roman Catholic
archdiocese to five hundred victims of sex abuse six hundred and sixty million
L.A. alone two billion dollars the estimated amount have been paid out across
the USA two billion we could use that to three of us
here with it
what i said yeah
forty three hundred thirty two number of priests of use to open the west end
the past fifty years say ten thousand number of Americans who say they were
abused so let's see forty three hundred priests and ten thousand people so
it's like a little over about two and a half per
priest a hundred the number of allegations of abuse made in Ireland between
sixty two and two thousand two twenty one the number of priests involved
there six of the twenty one Irish priests involved died before any
allegations were made against them and three thousand number of allegations of abuse
received by the Australian group broke rights by two thousand two
so I do like that we're gonna have non-stop prayers all day hail Mary mother of
God blah blah blah blah beep it like that baruch at all tonight that's right
mille-stannachala has a hope they're in drag right back enough and young right
well you're pretty good George thank you practice another good one
little more
power of Christ
let's have a gigantic exorcism and chase out the evil spirits all over the world
way
ten ninety five on the pool the five more hosts for eleven hundred can you do it
yeah think so WQA M hello
WQA M hello
QA M yes no matter what your belief
or work or no matter what your beliefs are you one thing we all know for certain
that you're an a whole okay the world's worst pathetic I have no life low
life no life sad tragic WQA M hello
hello yes sir hello you yes how you doing
I'm not you know I call this is the alien days I've got and I've got two things to say
first of all you know that in other than the real afford you machines you've had the triple seven
the double times those have been around a lot longer than the real fortune yeah
and so you know you can't say that I can't say that they usually last maybe two or three years
you know
and I was talking about novel the
I mean I'm up don't get me wrong I find that little machine crazy I mean I like it a lot of you
but they hope you want a little spin yeah that's right the symbol is mesmerizing that's correct but you know
whatever you play when it your days your day that's right you know correct that is correct
there have been days when I was winning and I would just sit down in like a quarter machine
just put in 40 bucks and by being here's like a couple of years ago when you're hot
you're not one guy that might you're not just a jack so tell you when you're hot you're hot
and when you're not you're not when you're cool you're really cool and when you're not you just
pretend to be I don't be a knock at that like that guy said before I don't even really know
what he was saying I got a nerve criticizing his show or something I never heard the show so how
you were discussing the phenomenon of playing a bongo music and jazz and and by the way yeah
I'll criticize anybody that plays jazz wants to keep an audience what do you think it
are you crazy now now we're talking now we're talking languages you can understand
mister what do you want this what who will 100 we'll be able to get something yeah
you know what you need really what that a spanking as long as not for me you know I'm
second to me for me and I was telling you that he's going to give it a good spanking oh God he runs too fast
anyway 11 I'm going to pull this correct okay and a very bad pull that's pretty good
then it means we can change it real fast so what do you think of this one for tomorrow maybe
if I won the lottery I would blank sounds good it's got some good choices on it yeah I like it
okay let me just if I won the lottery I'd blank there you go Eric all pass it right
along it's got some good choices on it and then we get rid of this turkey we got on there now
although there's a lot of good choices on there we need to work on right now it doesn't
take 75 broadcast use to do a game okay only Kyle Neil Rogers is right the Cubs suck
come on you have to give it up you got to get naked are you new right now
you're singing is wretched and your outfit is ridiculous I can see you on the
you know so it's nakedness with a purpose we're going to do a vaginal honor and check
our cervix we're going to have a rainbow coming out of my hoo ha you get this evening
naked true true my vagina will never be the same but okay see if I said you
had a beautiful body would you take your pants off and dance around a little
and the vagina was itching for the beat of the band okay like what I be able to do that
with my vagina we're not going to be laughing I'm definitely not wearing my underwear
that's the way I'm not wearing underwear
she ought to be banned from the human race and I'll tell you who else is right and
there is Hillary Duff yeah what about Hillary Duff what does she do she's just
annoying that's all annoying itself although she's no Britney she's not the in
rehab she's not in the looney bin how about Lindsay Lone is she in the
looney bin over the weekend or not I don't know I don't keep track like I used to
you better start watching those 75 entertainment tonight shows and all the
spin-offs you know anybody start reading TMZ a lot all right the wife reads it to me
she does online to touch the TV show I could they have a TV show TMZ dot com
oh my god the ACLU there's some more initials for you a Florida has
followed lead of the ACLU Central Florida the ACLU Monroe County Florida and
the ACLU of the trainer coast all of which followed lead of the ACLU
Southern California in backing impeachment and calling for the National ACLU
the same the ACLU was a prominent supporter of Richard Dixon's impeachment in
2006 an ACLU pan-largated for impeachment of recent years the National ACLU
was lobbied against numerous offenses that appear quintessentially impeachable
but refused the spread intense lobbying by its members and others to back
impeachment the National ACLU recently announced a new model that many
impeachment advocates view as a wish for the impossible one more year no more
damage Robert Spesak Jr. of the ACLU Florida reported that the state chapter
met in four Myers at 130 on Saturday and passed the motion in support of
impeachment hearings for George Bush and Richard Cheney or Dick if you wish
the motion calls on the National ACLU the word hearings in the Judiciary Committee
of the House of Representatives Florida Congressman Robert Wexler remember that
committee has recently been leading the push for hearings to begin and Florida
citizens have been pushing for impeachment for a long time.
According to Spesak the debate was energetic with opposing perspectives on tactics related to
national staff and issues related to potential complications ultimately those who
felt this an important step or principle step won the day.
Diane Lawrence a leading Florida impeachment activist with Florida and
peach.org said that a group had lobbied Howard Simon executive director of the ACLU
Florida and he recently hinted at his support for impeachment when speaking at an
event in Florida with House Judiciary Committee chairman John Conears a long
time friend from Simon's days in Michigan at the event hosted by the ACLU Simon
said that he disagreed with Conears on one important point perhaps we know
what that point was well perhaps and then again maybe not and then again how dare
you knock at whatever you get some nerve Mr. I know somebody Q.A.M. hello
Bill yes
Bill listen I'm going to do my favor thank you Joe as Q.A.M. I need somebody
W.Q.A.M. hello
Liz Kennedy shot but out
W.Q.A.M. hello
yes sir okay okay
this is a 25-shot guy again is it a res boyfriend is that who this is
is that who this is the moron of the slot the moron of the universe yes huh
how did I know just a lucky guess I guess W.Q.A.M. hello
Billy yes sir happy New Year back to you how's it going today
well here you say that was a great public service on the hot rock that was a great
article there man those things are in a deep freeze month yeah and there's just
not paying at all I just cannot find a good machine yeah all right
love you man you're the greatest my heart okay he's going to have to look for a
good machine man I'm gonna you know what's a good machine one that's paying
when you're planning that's a good machine
are you yeah all right no I know by the way you're wrong about who plays the
slots you definitely wrong about that we've had this conversation a whole bunch
well that's because you don't go and even when you were going to go no it doesn't
matter how many times I agree with you about something you're gonna pretend that
I didn't I've seen that but nevertheless there are just as many men playing
slots as women all right and there are plenty of young people too not just as many young people no
it I played the slots and there's two reasons I played a lot I want money people don't
have a slot just but it's not for me right okay but they're at the other things they like to play
cards I'm not trying to sell you on it because it's a you know a fool only fools play like me I admit that
and anybody that tells you that it's just that every here I just you know I read this stuff online
and I scoured it try to get a little information and anybody who gives you this song to dance about
how they have no control other than you know pre-setting it the the factory that pay out on the
machine they're full of crap they're full of crap but you know if they told you the truth they'd
have to kill you here's the facts a lot of facts is today what's that all about huh
well 54 degrees I can't wait to get out there in the fog in the rain it says prior to this
weekend I was convinced like George the Barack Hussein Obama I see anybody who uses his middle name
automatically I get like that was really not electable based on that I convinced myself that a
vote for a Hillary was really a vote for Billy with that at least we would pretty much know what
we were getting and maybe we could show our faces to the rest of the world once again however I'm
now convinced that the country first tried to send a message when they put down the Democrats in
the House and Senate when they put them in thinking that if we threw the old bombs out things
would be handled and boy were we taken yeah you were taken all right for a sleigh ride now I really
believe that the rest of the country is as fed up as I am would vote for almost anybody it's not
part of the old guard based on the last debate I would personally like to see someone I would like
to see Barack for president in words for vice unless somebody else would happen to the race yeah
words was a real strong vice presidential candidate in 2004 wasn't it not we don't need a
yay who on the ticket okay how about Chris Dodd in there all right Chris Dodd rhymes with
damn god you by chance the way thing much about Bloomberg besides that he's Jewish yeah he's
he's not gonna be on Democrat over Republican and what's his claim to fame besides being another
mayor from New York and really Julianne by the way notice how fast he's falling they don't like
guys with 75 x wives who are full of crap they don't like guys who close down all the porno in
time the square and then go out and screw their brains out with 85 different women it says the
news claim that he's ready to hop in if he thought he could win if you know something about him I'd
be curious to know if he's a good guy or just a wealthy scumbag just curious wealthy scumbag okay
that's the answer to your question all he is all these guys like Romney and Bloomberg
because they got a lot of money they think they can buy the presidency we don't need no more of that
like Steve Forbes remember him he Steve Forbes has got a face that makes Wayne look good
I know that's not easy to believe Steve Forbes his face like a roadmap of the moon
but he's got a lot of money so he thought he was gonna be president and the same with the Bloomberg
and Romney I think Romney's gonna wind up second McCain's gonna beat him in New Hampshire tomorrow
and Romney's gonna take a stinging defeat and you want to know why oh I notice we're
three seconds short on this next break that's good because people don't want a president who
wears magic underwear that's one of the reasons the fact that he lies in flip flops and he's full of
crap and has no credibility that could be another one too but they don't want a president who wears
magic underwear okay speaking of magic how about that sunny fox fake call before I was pretty good
it was very good it's almost enough to make me play the uh
hi this is sunny fox I listen to your Rogers because I can hear the word ask
yeah nice yeah it was well done oh we sure can't hear the whole thing
why not I heard it on a TNT this weekend and I heard a lot of fart sounds on something I was
watching on TV this weekend too a lot of fart sounded just a day use your fart sounds were you
watching on Nickelodeon again no I was not watching Nickelodeon I don't watch Nickelodeon okay
it was over the air uh something I don't know just dead use with fart sounds
never to a choice was just kind of falsely oh no the world's gonna come to an end they're playing
fart sounds up here I'm doing the chills the wrong place
you and me we come from different worlds I like to wear my cypher with family and girls
something I'm crazy and they wonder why I go out dressed like this it's cuz I'm a rabbi but there's
nothing I can do oh I'm happy I was born to you
you look at me and it's very plain to see I don't believe in Jesus Christ's divinity
I will eat non-culture cow a potato pancake sure would hit the spot right now
there's nothing I can do I'm happy I was born to you
totally Hebrew
put on a little hat hat and dress up with these strange then I'll spend the afternoon searching my
couch for change I'll call them my best friends I'll we'll go out for my cell falls
then I'll tell them that I forgot my wallet and he'll pay for me I can't help it if I'm stingy
oh oh oh oh oh I'm happy I was born to you
totally Hebrew I'm happy I was born to you
I'm dying out of here
I'm
I'm a virgin face
I'm glad that I was born to you
so glad that I was born to you
bye bye bye
