New person of this pack on will be produced about the expressed bed and permission at WQAM.
The head of the state of Rebecca is on fire.
The biggest name is the best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 5-6-8WQAM.
I am a Ford Lutterdale.
5-6-7WQAM presents the Neil Roger Hill.
Do you hear Daniel?
5-6-7-0 5-6-7WQAM.
Oh yes, he indeed and Howard.
In other counties.
A cold tub frame, 8777-875.
A real good life.
60 on your AT&T.
A real good life.
The real good life.
The real good life.
The real good life.
The real good life.
The real good life.
Not a paid celebrity.
So to help us tell his story, we hired an actual celebrity.
Barack Obama's pastor, Jeremiah Wright.
I was in my car headed out on a date when I had my accident.
Accident! It was no accident!
That's not a derogatory black man in this country!
I called Geico and right from the start I couldn't believe how helpful they were.
Oh yes, they want you to believe!
But I never believe the white man or no!
Geico got me a loner car and actually called ahead to the restaurant and explained why I was late.
I was still waiting on an explanation.
An explanation of how come a racism in this country is still a disaster.
An explanation of how a black man has never been President-dentor cannot get an event.
Geico, real service, real savings, real insane celebrities.
All right, 10-1-5-6-7, that's kind of cute, I like that.
The way to start the week here we got to line up that you wouldn't believe.
Well, we got the jerk show still on the air at 2 o'clock.
Yeah, that is really unbelievable.
Then that dog 4 to 6.50, of course we got that 10-1-2 chop off at the end of the man dog show.
So it only works $2.50, it was 20 days here when he works.
Because we got first page with Jesse Agro, the model's pre-game report.
You know, if the model's could play the Washington Nationals every day they'd have a great season.
Am I right, Chris?
Yes, you are. If they could play the Nats, the Nats suck.
With or without that new stadium, with or without the Pope, the Nats blow.
Anyway, first page 6.50, we don't have the game, of course.
We just have commercials in there so we can capitalize on the fact that the model of game is at 7.
Amid all of the assault assets, 7.9, and absolute 2.9 followed by the DA show 9 to midnight.
Not easy following 2 hours of dead air every night, but he does a great job.
Otherwise he'd john Linders on the run night.
That's because DA is on for Mad Dog tomorrow.
We're starting with that stuff again all over the place.
Can you believe this schedule?
I believe it.
Woo!
And then on Wednesday you got the jerk show from Turnberry.
Have you got some stupid golf tournament going on there again?
Or something.
Is that what it is, Chris?
I have no idea.
What do you mean by no idea?
I didn't get a memo, so I don't know.
What is Turnberry? Is it golf?
Is it golf?
Yeah, it is golf.
Is it, uh, huh?
Is it golf resort or whatever you want to call it, but I don't know if there's a specific term.
But why also do you be there?
Come on, you better get with it.
Because he wants to free golf.
Wait till you hear what CNN reported with big, big, donkey teeth and a obnoxious sounding voice got into real trouble.
Who do you think that could be, George?
Big donkey teeth? Male or female?
Male.
British.
Oh, Richard Quashth!
Richard Quashth!
Hashthem Problem, yes.
Richard Quashth!
What is he?
He's a friend of Brian Murr, the Schultzman, who was swept in the series.
A CNN reporter was arrested Friday in Central Park with a small amount of methamphetamine in his pocket,
and he headed jail time by agreeing to undergo drug counseling and therapy.
Richard Quashth!
The most obnoxious subhuman being who's ever been on television in history.
46 was arrested around 3.40 a.m. on a counter-possessed of a control substance,
and misdemeanor that usually refers to a personal use amount of a drug.
It was also charged with a loitering to park officially closes at 1 a.m.
This was speed 40 in the a.m.
When police saw him, he'd take Quashth, he told him,
I've got some methamphetamine pocket recorded in the complaint filed in court.
The complaint said he had a plastic sandwich bag containing meth and a jacket pocket.
Quashth to his British, no kidding, is a crossbound for CNN International
and Longfills Reports on Business Travel at his big donkey teeth,
and a obnoxious sound.
He host CNN Business Traveler and Quashth!
At his Raymond Manhattan's Criminal Court,
Judge Anthony Farawar told Quashth that if he attends the counseling and therapy designated by prosecutors for the next six months,
his case will be dismissed.
The judge allowed Quashth to lead court without posting bail.
He warned that a Quashth failed to comply with the counseling schedule.
He could be back in court on his way to jail.
Quashth lawyer Alan Abramson said his client didn't realize the park had a curfew.
He was returning to his hotel with friends.
CNN had no immediate comment.
On the Quashth story.
It's today, it is a LPGA tournament.
Oh!
LPGA ladies golf?
See, oh my god, are you deaf and kidding me?
What do we kid about a thing?
So there is golf?
Anyway, let's get busy, okay, let's get to it.
We can't be worrying about it.
And of course the jerk show anywhere, it's just, you know, it is what it is.
Well, he's got to do something besides that, because that's all over with now for them.
No more heat games for a long time, for months and months, no more log.
What's he going to do today without the log?
The LPGA log.
Here's the poll from Friday.
Which one of the following are you positive because your parents did this on you?
None of the above when I told a Chris 485.
I don't know, I'll listen to you someday.
Commit a serious crime, 102, vote Republican 92.
Performing in porn 71, becoming a drug addict like Richard Quashth,
67, date outside your race 58 like a gory on the left religion.
Come out of the closet 48, convert from your religion 34 like become a gory.
Prostitute yourself.
But third man.
And vote Democratic 23 out of 1010.
1010 wins New York.
What are Marty Glickman's to live?
Never heard of him.
I don't know what it, what?
Never heard of him.
He's a sportscaster, Marty Glickman.
We're not a point for that.
We're not a point for that.
And New Yorkie kind of got it.
Yeah.
What?
That explains why I never heard of him.
Well, you never heard of a lot of people, okay?
That's right.
I'm a whipper snapper.
Well, you better, you better expand your horizons.
If you're going to get your own talk show, you and chicken at what I'll hang it up.
Your own sports talk show.
That's right.
We'll talk about BZA.
I've got a dilemma here because I wouldn't say I'm sick, but I have like the touch of a cold.
Okay.
And so I'm sneezing, you've heard that.
And I've also got like a little bit of a scratchy throat, not a sore throat, but a raw throat.
So when I swallow, it's like a little, I don't know, I don't know.
It hurts a little bit.
You're drinking your hot tea.
No, I'm not.
You're drinking my diet Pepsi, caffeine-free.
But so it's a dilemma because I'm not sick enough to call it sick, but I'm just a little off my feed.
You know what I mean?
I do.
And boy did I eat yesterday.
Oh, I was thinking of eating.
You almost let me slip on by without talking about my great Mortons as a restaurant experience.
I'd find it a little like it.
You at Mortons, God, it was great.
Good.
Woo!
I had that Chicago rib-eyed, the real thick one, you know.
Uh-huh.
And I had to rapidize it.
I don't have the onion soup, unfortunately, this location.
But I had the shrimp cocktail the biggest, the most delicious seam I've ever had in my life.
Excellent.
And then I had the estate, along with, oh, and I had great side dishes too.
They got sliced mushrooms, not just sauteed regular button mushrooms, but sliced the,
sauteed mushrooms, and sauteed onions.
Oh my God.
That was it.
And then the desserts, you have to order like when you're ordering your meal.
Okay.
I don't know.
To me, that's kind of bogus because supposedly you eat the meal and eat so much.
You decide you don't want to.
But for hot desserts, they make a big production out of it.
Well, it takes a half hour to make it.
They set fire to them.
Are they flatties?
Yes, I would say the dessert was,
Chocolate cake with chocolate,
goo, goo, goo, goo, goo, goo, inside,
munching hot chocolate sauce,
and then some ice cream on the side, the lava cakes, the chocolate lava cakes or whatever.
No.
Yes.
That's not what it's called.
That's what they usually call it, but yeah.
Well, I don't care what they're usually called, but Morton's calls it something else.
But you are such an expert.
Have you ever eaten in Morton's?
Yes.
You have?
Eddie Kaye.
No, I don't want to.
I want to, uh, Atlantic City.
Eddie Kaye?
Yes.
You have with Eddie Kaye?
Yep, I was his on-site producer for one of the last time I just ate.
So you taking any strip clubs?
Uh, no, we didn't have time.
Did you take you to the track?
There isn't a track in Atlanta.
No.
So what, what was that?
Well, he showed me how to play craft, except I still couldn't play.
He showed you how to take crafts?
How to play crafts.
Oh my god, I need any instruction this morning.
I had a...
And they say in baseball, I had a forebagger.
So anyway, Morton's is a great, highly and enthusiastically recommended.
I don't want to compare it with Ruth Chris or anything else, because it's...
It's kind of a different category.
I mean, I don't know if that makes sense.
They're both great.
But boy, Morton sure didn't let me down.
Didn't disappoint.
And weren't you telling me it was okay or was adequate or something like that?
A little long time ago, I didn't have any claims at all.
It was great.
Of course, maybe the one there that you went to, maybe that sucks, you know, but that was great.
Remember, adequate for me is a compliment because I'm a hard-ass.
The Mortons in the Hyatt Hotel on Evan and Rodin Toronto, right in the middle of downtown, right in New Yorkville.
In Yannem'sville.
So anyway, it was very good.
I know people have been waiting for my report, breathless, they've been on the edge of their chair.
How to need like Mortons, it was great.
I loved it.
Food was great.
The company was great.
We had a good time.
Paco and his lover boy and my little cleaning lady.
It took cleaning lady.
I mean, she's more than just clean lady.
Oh, okay.
She's one of our really good friends, a little Mexican girl.
Very good.
She's a sweetheart.
Very good.
It was very good.
She's actually a nice person.
I know that's hard for you to believe that I want to be with anybody who's a nice person.
And so his Paco's boyfriend is a nice person too.
Excellent.
That's great.
That is great.
I wouldn't say I'm a nice person or that Paco's a nice person because that would be an exaggeration, but nevertheless.
And Saturday morning, I won 1,600 bucks in wood by 1800.
And gave 600 back his down.
That's not a bad weekend, huh?
No, no, no.
For Mr. Oh, he gets up Saturday early to go on the roof.
Here's such a schmuck, Chris.
Okay.
God, look up the word schmuck in the dictionary.
You'll see fat Chris right opposite it.
The lump.
Legendary hot chocolate cake?
Yeah, that's it.
Man, is that good?
Oh, just...
Of course, I had no business eating it, but nevertheless.
Oh, and yesterday you see 60 minutes I started to think about the...
I can't get it because I'm not fat enough.
What's that?
No, I didn't say it.
That's surgery, you know, the gastro, what do they call it?
Gastrointestinal bypass...
You didn't see that?
No.
And they showed all these different people who had had done and every one of them had been diabetic before the surgery and...
It cured their diabetes.
They were really under diabetic, within a matter of days after they came home.
You're not fat enough?
No.
Or maybe you should bulk up.
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking.
Maybe I should.
I think you have to be like 140 pounds at least, or I don't know how much it is.
Sure, just like...
I got that floating.
I got that floating.
So maybe that's what I should do, spend the next couple of months just...
Porking up, so I can have the gastrointestinal bypass and go in there and twist my kiscus around.
And then, of course, they said that the people don't get in the way back because their stomach is so small...
You can only eat like four ounces in your stomach as full way.
Four ounces is like...
Like a big mac or something?
Four ounces isn't very much food.
No.
It's a lot of weed, but not very much food.
Is that all you know is from weed?
No, no.
Is that all you know?
Is weed?
Not all I know.
No, weed.
Not all I know.
And weed and doped.
It's not all you know.
You and Richard Quester are going to be the same...
You know something that would be...
I'm doing meth.
Perfect punishment.
You and Richard Quester share a cell for six months.
Uh-huh.
I don't do meth.
Sorry, Richard.
I can't hook you up there.
Richard Quester?
There's a meth head.
Maybe that explains a little bit, huh?
It does.
Yeah.
The biggest name.
The best out of it.
He's such an average.
He's 4.
He's 5.
60 km.
He's 4th leader.
Rogers guy.
Warning.
The following may not be suitable for children.
It's totally hot action.
As the governor's mansion becomes the playboy mansion in the new DVD.
Governor's gone wild.
Ladies say hello to Elliot Spitzer.
Client number nine is ready.
Oh, the Zah.
They can run a state, but not the state of matrimony.
Their governor's gone wild.
Here's one for the gals and the guys.
It's New Jersey Governor Jim McGreening working both sides of the aisle.
And New York Governor David Patterson shows us his best moves.
No, wait.
Cameras over here.
Follow my voice.
Over here.
Hey, over here.
This way.
Oh, oh, oh, yeah.
They've taken a dip in the polls for dipping their polls.
Order your copy of Governor's gone wild today.
Offer it.
Here's in the tablet.
Media are standing by.
It's 1017 and 560 WQAM.
Happy paysock.
Now, it's past over still going on.
I forgot.
It's one of those multi-day holidays.
I forgot.
I haven't been involved in any of these two things in so many years.
Although I did.
I didn't have much of balls to play.
I think it's over.
What?
I think it's over.
It's not only a column anymore.
Paysock has over.
It's only a couple of days.
It's like it was Saturday Sunday.
Oh, my God.
And Zach had a, they had a sater in his house.
Ba-ru-hat-ta-ba-rape-rape-al-guffin, which means blessed the wine.
Blessed the wine.
Don't spill the wine.
Uh-oh.
571 votes this morning.
I woke up in the first thing I did is I reached over to shut off the alarm clock and I knocked
over my glass of soda.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, I spilled.
I didn't break the glass though.
That would have been bad.
And I didn't, uh, yeah, I don't know, it's Eric Birdon.
I can hear it in the back.
I didn't get any of my blackberry, thank God.
Oh, God.
You get the, huh?
Uh-huh.
That's the end of that.
Is it?
Generally speaking, I mean, some people have brought their facts from just water damage.
But it's rare.
Really?
It usually means the end of it.
Oh, that would be unacceptable.
Damn, damn, damn, I didn't tell you.
Yeah, this sounds a little bit ridiculous.
Yes, me.
Sure.
And of course, he chops it off.
Well, just just being the word limiter is faster than he is.
No, it's okay.
We know you can talk it out.
You can talk it to the top.
Yeah, it's okay.
And I'm sure that there are people out there.
Oh, he sells this respectful to the Holy Father.
You know, I think the Holy Father will stick him okay.
Still going to the desert and no give him a man to be so holy.
Oh, my God.
That would be great for the families.
Oh, that makes a better lady, like an old Bubby.
Well, I think everything is wonderful if we just be nice to each other and know that whole...
Oh, I got a story about that whole, a pre-scandal of just incredible.
First, he's blaming it on the liberals.
You know, everything is the liberals and the gays and the shrines.
Not the church.
These guys didn't do it.
It's just like on the throes.
You know, they take the orders from God.
What's your take on the Pope is our poll question today.
I'm just glad he's gone.
Because hopefully, once he's gone,
he won't be back any time soon.
And the people in the media just kissing and kissing.
They're denosyating, just disgusting.
The specs on MSNBC, the broads they have on there, my God.
Where do they find these bimbos?
Is there some strip clubs somewhere?
I don't think they look better if they found them at a strip club.
What's your take on the Pope?
Nice outfit, 143.
He never stole a freight train, 135.
He's a Nazi bastard, 135.
He's okay, 79.
Okay, come see, come saw.
I hate him like poison.
I hate him like poison, 48.
And he's a great holy man, only 37.
Well, that's because the real and the people who love the Pope,
they've turned this show off.
They don't want nothing to do with an old prevert like me.
That has no respect for the holy father.
Oh, he's made...
They interviewed some bitch in New York on the streets in New York,
some fat bitch.
Oh, he's like next to God.
He's next to God.
He was just some guy in a dress one day,
and then they blew the smoke of the Vatican.
And all of a sudden, he's like next to God.
I mean...
Well, that's when God gives you the phone number.
And said it, he's got a bad heart.
I wonder if Commissioner Gordon gave me the bad heart.
That looks just his number.
Maybe like he didn't robbing his tights.
He wouldn't have said, I know I would have.
Yeah, I would have.
I know more.
Oh, you wanted a post story, here you go.
A crowd of blood.
Thank you.
What?
I said, thank you.
A crowd.
A crowd.
A crowd of ten thousand people collectively began counting down on the University of Colorado's Northern Quadrangle,
just before 20, just before 420 yesterday.
I can't even read it right.
Get the massive puff of pot smoke that covers over.
I'm going to have to open a window.
It is so stuffy in here because now it's hot.
You know, it's like 68-78 day-1.
Go.
Yeah, go ahead and play that while I open.
I'm coming, man.
I'm going to pack the window.
Sir, mind the speed.
Roger.
Do what the window?
Dragon.
Oh, right.
I just didn't come back.
I'd have played this all the way through, and I had to have you.
I started talking about food.
Anyway, yet the massive puff of pot smoke that covers over.
C.U.'s vulgar campus every April 20th.
The date of an annual internationally recognized celebration marijuana.
began rising over the sea of heads earlier than normal this year.
Oh, forget it once, dude.
Instead of boarding the countdown to 420pm and lighting his pipe early.
He closes his eyes, taking a deep long drag.
Sweet and sweet.
Well, that was no student.
That was for real. Sweet.
I wonder how much he's making.
How much do you think he's pulling down about 150 grand?
That's not about right.
Although it's become an annual and renowned event at C.U.
this year's 420 celebration was different in some ways than in many previous years.
The crowd was so large and migrated from the long traditional side of
Farend Field to the larger North Quad, Northern Quad.
Festivities hit off earlier than normal with daytime concerts,
and C.U. police headed out zero citations.
At this point, none are anticipated since C.U.
police commander Brad Weisley.
Officers in the past have gone to great lengths to catch people in the illegal act
of smoking pot on 420.
In 2006, C.U. police dispatched undercover photographers to snap pictures of smokers.
Oh, the sign in America.
This is police work.
Photos of 150 alleged offenders then were posted on the department's website
and witnesses were offered 50 bucks to positively identify the suspects
who then were ticketed.
Another year, smokers on 4and were doused with sprinklers.
We can't do the same thing year after year Weisley said hours before
Sunday's smoking began, so I doubt we'll do anything like the pictures.
There's no way our 12 to 15 officers are going to be able to deal with the crowd of 10,000 people.
We can't do strong enforcement when we're out of number at 7 or 800 to 1.
Well, good. Cut the crap already.
About 15 C.U. officers and about a half dozen deputies
with a Boulder County Sheriff's Office had a presence Sunday.
Among the mass of pot smokers, well, the popus conducted a mass.
They were having their own mass.
And the popus smoked off, so maybe he wished he'd be the Colorado
who bounced giant balls and tossed frisbees to the house.
C.U. police did handle four medical, I would be surprised
if the popus handled giant balls.
I don't know about frisbees.
C.U. police did handle four medical related calls for health issues, including dehydration.
Two people, I wonder if he has the swish guard brought by limo to the house.
Whatever they call the rectumry, where were you hanging out with?
They can help with those giant balls.
Two people were taking the Boulder Community Hospital.
Close to downtown and more adult 420 gathering,
also took place at Boulder Central Park for non-students looking to avoid the C.U. foot traffic.
But that event had a much smaller turnout, was mostly uneventful.
The crowd's size at last year C.U. gathering was room under top 5,000 miles.
They said, meaning this year is gathering, you're about double.
I guess it's not like they had a cut of 4pm class to go do it, he said.
Speculating is to why so many more people showed up.
People aren't all that busy at 420, me afternoon on Sunday.
I know I sure wasn't.
From the steps of N.L. library, some of the thousands of presents said the turnout appeared comparable to that of a piece march or protest.
You guys need to go hand in those, what does it say?
Stairs.
You need to go stand on those stairs, one girl shouted to her friends and were seated in a circle on the quadradable grass.
You don't even understand.
But what does that mean?
I don't know, I didn't understand what you just read. Read it again.
From the steps of N.L. library, some of the thousands said the turnout appeared comparable to that of a piece march or protest.
You guys need to go stand on those stairs, one girl shouted to her friends and were seated.
I don't get it.
He says you don't even understand. She don't understand.
So he asked, bitch.
Smokeout participants, thousands of whom were greener t-shirts, promoting pot climb trees, played the bongos, all played the bongos.
Snatched pictures and had many of your picnics.
That of course after they sparked the weed they'd come to smoke.
See you freshman Emily Benson, 19th kids of the city, said he thinks the decriminalization marijuana will become a hot topic in the upcoming political season.
No chance Emily.
And she says he felt part of something bigger than just a smokeout on Sunday.
What the starting point of a movement she said, this is a big part of the reason I applied here for the weed atmosphere.
Wow.
Although see you junior Max Lichtenstein, 21, isn't in marijuana or smoking, you also felt Sundays.
If it was a chance to do something bigger than himself, it passed out 126 rice crispy treats with messages attached to asking that they act out against the injustices in dollar four.
Well why didn't they hand about today a four starving bastards in dollar four for crime out loud.
Tomorrow when your sober call the White House, it's just number that I'll read.
I just like being generous and doing nice things. He said I'm like a good Samiritan.
Edible Max, go home and eat some Mata.
See you senior Tyler Moulvin, 24, said rather than condemning the smokeout, see you in the city should embrace it as a money making opportunity.
I mean it's going to happen regardless, he said.
I could put no barit best 20 conceived of the potential financial benefit for 20 holds earlier this year.
So peanut butter and jelly sandwiches host the snack cakes and bottle water for a buck.
Peanut butter or jelly he's given to pass his buy who were parked eager to satisfy their munchies.
I'm doing very well, he said.
One woman was hopeful that his treats were charged with some special ingredients.
Are these magical?
She asked her way to be disappointed.
Why aren't you selling magical ones?
I mean it's cool, but come on.
Come on.
It's straight.
Yeah.
How about some rice crispy treats laced with something?
Crystal meth persuasion.
Richard Quest.
What a jackass.
Telling you.
27 past 10 a.k.w.
It's sent to hear about another one of our great Neil Deal offers.
This week is the fantastic Giovanni's Cool Fire Pizza.
We some one of the taste of Parkland.
It's how pizzas are supposed to taste the huge Cool Fire Rinse of the Secret.
And Giovanni's turns out a beautiful pie each and every time.
With your choice of delicious toppings like sausage, mushrooms, peppers, spinach, provolone, arugula, arugula.
What I say, arugula, chopped clams.
Giovanni backs a pie that comes out so fresh and delicious every time.
And the ready pasta with salads and famous grilled chicken wings will keep it coming back again and again.
And Giovanni serves the largest bowl of pasta imaginable.
If you're like wine, Giovanni says the most incredible selections from the inexpensive to the highest quality wines find anywhere.
The chicken parm or meatball open-faced sandwiches can feed an army they're so big.
And you can dine inside or out in a beautiful fountain filled plaza.
Giovanni's is classy, it's fun, and it's open every day, seven days a week for lunch, dinner, and late night excitement.
Log on Thursday at noon at wqm.com. You'll be able to buy $50 certificate for just 25 bucks.
I think that's wrong.
Is it 50 for 25 or is it a check on the website?
We'll check.
Check.
It's Giovanni's Cool Fire Pizza in Parkland.
Monger, my friend's Monger Tutukosie at Giovanni's.
And what does it say on there?
It takes a while to get there.
$50 for $25.
$150 certificate for $25 for G&O.
That's what I said.
I had my long mask down on T-Dirt with nail objects.
$4.50, $60, QAM.
And the sports leader.
Well, I was shopping at the store for some food.
Buying groceries never felt so good.
Too bad I didn't know my credit was wax.
Store security was breached in the database.
God, HACC, R-A-P, that spells me.
My credit is crap.com, baby.
I'm as screwed as I can be.
Thought about killing myself, maybe.
Now instead of eating, couldn't get in fat.
My identity was stolen in.
Now my life is just crap.
R-A-P, that spells me.
My credit is crap.com, baby.
Okay, I love that.
I could just play that.
I think I might just play that the whole show today.
The only thing.
Get a 90-year easy.
That end, debt is all around.
Just playing back to back.
What?
The Bokobrine song, debt is all around.
Yeah, what about it?
I think that's what it's called.
No, we're in the same vein.
It's also good.
Get stuck in my head.
Not like that though.
Mm-hmm.
It's good though.
I think it's all weekend long.
Were you really?
Mm-hmm.
Well, I guess your weekend was kind of like mine then.
What, debt ridden?
1030, oh, that's me.
Oh my god, I got it.
It's a good thing I'm having a pretty good speaking woodbind.
I need to go back there right now.
And the Ducks, the Ducks, oh that's what I remember all my time on Saturday.
Another Duck Game.
Ducks in a row.
Ducks are chickens.
Dying, no, not chickens this time, a Duck Game.
Ducks in a row.
Dying machine mines.
Sounds Ducky.
Dying machine and you're playing like, let's see.
15, I don't know, I was playing though, 30 times five is what?
Buck, buck and a half.
A Duck and a Huck and a Half.
Yep.
And I didn't get anything under regular game, but then I got to bonus round finally when I was near to the end of whatever one I put in there.
And I got 14,000 points at a dime.
That's 14,000, two bucks.
And the bell went off.
Oh, cash, you know, hand pay, but I'll be put up with that if I come and hand pay.
Ducks in chickens, man, that's where it's at.
And then yesterday it was like the same machines, dead ducks.
Not good.
He can only go to the well so many times.
And those dollar wheel of fortune, they should only croak whoever invented those.
They should dig up Merv Griffin and just let everybody come and kick the body.
Hey Merv, who are you kidding, man?
Oil prices, thank you again, Mr. President.
No day would be complete without thanking the president for those low gas prices.
It's getting close to five bucks a gallon here.
All the more reason for me not to really have a car here, that's mine, you know what I mean?
I mean, I do grab that Pontiac to Woodbine on a weekend, but other than that, I don't want to even do it.
Oil prices spiked to a record $117.40 in a barrel after a Japanese oil tanker was hit by a rocket near Yemen.
A Japanese oil tanker was hit by a rocket near...
Yeah, mine.
Right.
And militants in Nigeria claimed two attacks on pipelines.
You think they say bonsai?
Maybe that's what that song was all about.
Is that the song Taze?
I'll find out.
Bondsai Pipeline, I don't think you got that.
It's an instrumental.
Am I right to the song Taze?
Well, if I get my brain, if this aid is still that good, is that right?
Yes, and it's just called Pipeline.
No, all you have to do is get the ear.
Oh, 1961.
Close to three.
Well, that's close enough.
It's a good song by the way.
It is.
This is in the million movies.
They're always playing this.
And we hear this everywhere from Mercos movies TV shows.
The 150,000-ton tanker Takayama was attacked about 270 miles off the east coast of Yemen.
In the Gulf of Aden, while it was heading for Saudi Arabia, its Japanese operator Nipon Yusin KK said in the statement,
what about the KK stands for?
None of the ship's 23 crew members was injured.
Hundreds of gallons of fuel leaked before a one-inch hold and the tanker's stern was repaired.
The company said.
Kyoto news agency reported that the Japanese tanker was fired on via rocket launcher from a small boat.
Light, sweet crude from aid reached $117.40 a barrel but fell back to 1688 by midday in Europe.
Up 19 cents from Friday's closing price.
Wow.
There's clearly some geopolitical tension in the markets at Mark Pervin and senior.
I wonder how long it's going to be before people are going to start.
Remember I mentioned this on Friday? Shoot each other over the air for to fill up their tank?
Now let me take a look on the BNN, the business Nazi network on here.
It's a Canadian thing. 186. Come on, you can do it. There it is.
Let me take a look and see the very latest and the not so greatest, okay?
Okay. Toronto Stock Exchange is up a few points. Who the hell cares?
Monkey C, monkey D.
The Dow is down 8th and Azdaq is down 10 and a quarter.
But to the S&P is down for the RS&P guy.
Well, look at that. It's down to $150.82 a barrel.
Let's go buy some now before it goes back up again.
Now gas here is like for regular and it's a buck 20, a leader.
Okay. So let's do the math.
Three, what is it? 3.68?
10 to your work 40.
Do that on your crack bird, on your thing, on your computer.
On a calculator?
3.60.68 times 120.
4.41. How much?
4.41.
4.41 a gallon baby.
What a bargoon.
And the people here are getting really proked off about it.
Let me tell you that right now. Really pissed off, eh?
I'm not too happy about it, eh? How's it going?
Maybe it's because they smoke so much weed here that must be it.
You know, when you really stone your mellows,
you don't get quite as pissed off about things back.
That's right.
That's right.
They've been sitting up for years.
And it would be much less hostile to the way they're raping the public.
The way they're sticking it to us, man.
4.5 bucks a gallon of gas, my ass.
So what I do is I spend 11 bucks for the car wash.
You get a nickel off each leader that way.
You get a nickel discount.
Okay.
And then you go through their really spiffy car wash, which I like as a matter of fact.
I always hated those automated car washers.
You know, I always thought they were crap.
Yeah.
But for that little Pontiac, it's just fine.
Is it one of those brushless car washes or what?
Brushless, it's got those just strats.
So it's really good.
Yeah, I like those because the brushless ones don't get the bird due off of it.
They don't do the job.
And probably the brushes scratch the finish of your car.
Yeah, but still.
Oh, in other words, I shouldn't be thinking.
Well, that's the idea.
That's why the brushless ones people tout that.
But they don't do the job.
The straps are a different take on the whole thing.
It's supposed to be less harsh than those brushes.
Those rolling, those whirling, rolling brushes.
Well, let me tell you this.
There's still some nasty bird crap on a convertible top.
And it just, no matter how many times they run through there.
Really?
I guess I'm just going to do the hand deal on that.
Right.
Just get up there with a little scraper.
Oh.
Too many pigeons here, man.
Like usually, I told you that one time, a couple of years ago,
the pigeon came waddling in.
I had the, it was a day like this.
And I had my patio door wide open, which I'll never do again.
And one of the 80 million pigeons that the crafts on my balcony decided to kind of like waddle in.
And I went out there and I heard it waddle and around out there in the living room.
And I went out there and I screamed at it and waddle right back out again.
Which I thought was pretty nifty.
Rulu, I can communicate like how would be.
I'll communicate with birds.
Remember that?
Birds.
Can't believe my presence.
What?
Can't believe you any presence?
Oh, thank God it did not.
Can you imagine that in your carpet?
Oh.
Well, of course, why should I be worried about that when I had tiny all that time?
Oh my God.
And the residue that he would leave behind would always like stick to the carpet.
You know what I mean?
Uh-huh.
Like crazy glue.
Maybe that's what I should have done with a crazy glue with his ass.
That would have been a good solution to the problem.
Yeah, hey, tiny commitment.
Here we go.
625 votes on our pole.
You think you're gonna make a thousand a.m.o. chance, mister?
I'm looking for about, uh, I don't know, 800.
I'm hoping.
It's a Monday, so you know.
Oh, okay.
That's right.
It's Monday and it's right on the heels of a pace off.
And people are still probably crap in their brains out from all that manta.
Although I think of eating a manta, you don't, you can't.
You're like constipated for months.
So if I was you and, you know, you're all plugged up from manta,
I'd get a plunger is what I would do.
That would do the trick.
And plunge your lungs?
Yeah, plunge your lungs like going to the track.
Oh, now what the, you're gonna be at the Gulf Stream again Friday?
It's your Friday, the 25th.
Wow, payday.
Well, that's one thing about Friday.
They're always packed at any gambling place you want in a while,
because people get paid money for it.
Right on the track.
And so they go there on Friday and then by Monday, they're broke.
That's why that song, you know, by the fat man, Blue Monday.
Is that right?
Blue Monday, because by Monday, they're broke.
I didn't know that.
Really?
You know, you're not making that up, right?
Yes.
Oh.
No, I'm not making that up about they take their check-in and lose it on Friday.
No, what the song is about.
No, who knows what the song is about.
The song is about people hate to go back to work like today.
Who the hell wants this?
Yeah, Blue Monday, how I hate it?
Blue Monday.
I hate the Pope like choices.
I didn't vote for him.
I voted for he's a Nazi bastard.
What's your take on the Pope?
Nice outfit, 152.
He never stole a freight train 149.
He's a Nazi bastard 145.
He's okay, 93.
What is that?
Blue Monday.
By New Order.
Ah.
I hate him like poison 52 and he's a great holy man.
Only 37.
The biggest name.
The best town.
His meal logist.
420-560-QAM.
The biggest port.
Yeah.
Himwin.
G.A.Y.
As you seek in us.
That's the thing.
The Pope's town.
The Pope's town.
God, they've been a great.
The Pope's town.
He likes a spoken mass.
The Pope's town.
He's a tribute.
The Pope's town.
The Pope's town.
Oh.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
God, I am a killer.
They think I am fat.
Pups and won't get thrown over.
Jesus breaks our back.
Jesus price is super and we never shop.
Pups and won't get thrown over.
Precent shake, shit, truck.
The Pope's town.
God, give him the grass.
The Pope's town.
He likes a spoken mass.
The Pope's town.
He's a grumpy head.
The Pope's town.
The Pope's town.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'm taking chill, why not there?
He's a great day for the water.
Chill for cats and take out pillows.
My shit got in Georgia.
Take them to the bar, ain't chill.
The Pope's town for inventory.
Pups can choke and do it.
They don't come there, oh, I wanna smoke.
The Pope's town.
God, give him the grass.
The Pope's town.
He likes a spoken mass.
The Pope's town.
He's a grumpy head.
The Pope's town.
The Pope's town.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
The Pope is getting higher
The Pope is getting higher
The Pope is getting higher
The Pope is getting higher
The Pope's stout can't keep him the grandson
The Pope's stout is dumb, he likes to suck a mess
The Pope's stout is dumb, he's accused of madness
The Pope's stout is dumb, the Pope's stout is dumb
You're the Pope's stout is dumb, the Pope's stout is dumb
The Pope's stout is dumb, he's accused of madness
And if he's not that smoking, something like that
I know that he's not that alive in the world
What is that thing?
What do they call it?
The...
The thing?
Yeah, what?
Yeah, they call it something
Yeah, who cares?
1048 and 560 WQM Robert Whitesle has got a great article here about the Pope
On the Smirking Chimp, Pope Benedict sells mystery or pedophile priests sort of
For 24 hours the art's conservative Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger was the perfect of the congregation for the doctrine of the faith
Formerly the Holy Office of the Inquisition
As the Vatican's doctrinal watchdog here in the Monarchers, God's Rottweiler and Panzer Cardinal
It was his job to enforce doctrinal purity both within the clerical rank and the rank and file
Attasky performed within a apostolic zeal bordering on Mania
In 2002 when the scope of the pedophile priest-gaddle of the U.S. is becoming too obvious
For even the Vatican to continue ignore, Rottweiler Ratzinger claimed that the sex abuse allegations against Catholic clergy were part of a planned campaign
That was intentional and manipulated to discredit the Church
Whose campaign didn't say but as short as probably included the pro-choice and gay rights lobbies
On April 19, 2005 in an arcane right of transubstantiation known only to the College of Cardinals
The rabid-Rottweiler Ratzinger became it with a puff of white smoke
The kindly thoughtful Pope Benedict XVI, the 265th Bishop of Rome, a leader of a billion Catholics worldwide
During Benedict's Million Dollar Day, Junked to the U.S.
A trip that the Vatican misses a PR opportunity to change the German Rottweiler into an American golden retriever
The mystery of pedophile priest was cleared up, sort of
According to Benedict, it is America's increasingly secular and materialistic culture
That caused priests to fondle the rape children
Keep in mind that the materialistic remark is coming from a guy who's been seen sporting a pair of custom-covolved red shoes
Gucci sunglasses, ceremonial gowns by Gamerelli and listening to an iPod nano while tens of any Catholics worldwide
Struggle to feed their families much less, put shoes on their feet or sunglasses on their faces
One can only suppose that the bishops who knew of the abuse had did nothing other than transfer the pedophiles to other purses
Where they continued to molest children, were suffering from the same demonic secular possession as the priests
According to a 2002 study conducted by John J. College of Criminal Justice of the City University of New York
4,392 Catholic priests and deacons in the U.S. have been accused of sexual abuse of children since 1950
Leaving an estimated 13,000 victims at over $2 billion in lawsuits, learning that could have been spent feeding and clothing on sunglasses, tens of millions of dentitudes
That's funny, he keeps throwing that in there
Nia, dentitude, but tied in Catholics
A penitent Benedict said that it was deeply ashamed of the pedophile priest who scandalized the Catholic Church in the U.S.
He said it is great suffering for the Church in the U.S. and for the Church in general, and for me personally this could happen
He didn't dwell on the suffering of the 13,000 victims, letter whom describe what happened or as an abuse of her soul
The golden retriever wagged his tail as he has 67 million U.S. Catholics to create an atmosphere of healing and reconciliation for the victims, while the route-wilder tugged his chain with an not-so-subtle admonition
Also I ask you to love your priest and to affirm them in the asal work they do, in other words lay off their ununupreased to go around as it is
A good number of abuse victims were not healed by Benedict's anemic apology, Becky Yanny, who was abused by her parish priest from ages 9 to 11, said he talks about feeling ashamed for the scandal, but it's a far cry from the shame that victims have had with our entire lives
We don't really need his sense of shame, we need for him to take firm actions to correct the situation
Ann Barrett Doyle, co-director of the website Bishop Accountability, which documents sex abuse, said that words are cheap, but action has a price and she's skeptical that Benedict is willing to any up
Doyle wants the Church hierarchy that children pedophile priests from the law and allowed them to continue to abuse the bodies and souls of Catholic children to be held accountable
Rather than shifting attention to pedophile priests he needs to focus on the culpability of bishops
The crisis occurred because many U.S. bishops were willing to hide their priest's cramps from the police with lies
So far Benedict was the only church official with the authority to discipline bishops for their role in perpetuating the sexual abuse as failed to do so, only as suckers bets as he will
While Benedict is in his retriever coat, there are a number of other people whom he needs to apologize to gays whom he called emotionally immature and homosexuality objectively disordered
To the 50% of Catholics who's gender disqualifies them for the priesthood, to impoverished mothers who continue to have children that can ill afford because of the Rottwaters dogmatic stance against family planning and birth control, to the tens of millions of tired than Catholics who live in squalor poverty while he lives in opulence on their nickels
While a kindly Pope Benedict XVI can get away with blaming priestly pedophilia on somebody else's secularism, all the other sorrow caused by his doctrinal intransigence rest squarely in Joseph Ratsiger's gilded lap
So who is the real bishop of Rome, the Rottwaters or the retriever? A few words of caution said in four months' rumination on that mystery, zebras never change their stripes and dogs only rarely change their dispositions
Goodwood
I think I take umbridge with that article because you know how much I love golden retrievers?
Yeah, you don't like the comparison
And comparing the Pope to a golden retriever, I think is in infonial
What should he have used?
Compared to a rat as in Ratsinger, yeah, all right, maybe that's why he's named that
But nevertheless, that's a good, you know, finally finally found somebody with a ballast actually ripped this idiot nasty who was so well deserved
Because most of the media, oh kissy kissy sucky sucky likey likey
You'll never hear anybody say that on TV
All weekend long, that's all there was going on
At air of time he farted, we had to find out what he had for breakfast, what the aroma was, was it blueberry pancakes, was it maybe a waffle?
Oh my god
Airway fart, so you could, uh, white smoke comes out of here
Yeah
Holy smoke
He's the smoking Pope baby
Six hundred forty-six of oats on our Pope poll
Now you think of the poll like this, we ought to make a thousand easy, wouldn't you Chris?
Yeah
I hope so
But we won't
You won't
Oh well, I mean how can anybody not have a take on the Pope on a poppy?
Nice outfit, one fifty-six, he never stole a freight train, one fifty-three
He's a Nazi bastard, one fifty-two
Pretty good three-way race for you guys going on there
He's okay, ninety-four, I hit him like poison, fifty-three
And he's a great holy man, only thirty-eight, less than six percent
But then again, no it's obvious, this this crowd, they've heard my ranting in YouTube, of course, being the pastel
He's in that you are
They're done
Ranting and rafing and ripping him and ass, which he so richly deserves by the way
This whole thing with his getch keys and all the robes and oh my god, just the outfit, just the uh, crap that they were wearing in all those masses
That alone could be feeding thousands of starving people
But nevertheless, it's a matter of priorities, you know, they have to put on a good show
That's right, that's what it's all about, man, pump and circumstance, spamp and circumcise
Not in Italy though
Right
Not too much circumcision in Italy
This is what I hear
And boy, I'm gonna tell you, once in a while the aroma could put you in aroma
The biggest name, the best talent here is new logics, 4.560 QAM, the sports leader
This is the new Roger show
What solid is your blame?
Any questions?
This is the new Roger show
This is the new Roger show
This is the new Roger show
This is the new Roger show
This is the new Roger show
This is the new Roger show
This is the new Roger show
This is the new Roger show
This is the new Roger show
This is the new Roger show
This is the new Roger show
This is the new Roger show
I wear it everywhere
I go round the other AZ-8
They don't have what to say
This is the new Roger show
My final version
I'm your judge
My final version
This is the new Roger show
This is the new Roger show
This is the new Roger show
I'll be jacked up on the town this earth, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be steady now, I don't
I'll be jacked up on the town this earth, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I
'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be ready to pray I'm happy one day, today I met a
we'd have fifteen hundred votes on that poll today easy no no question about it
mm-hmm
you hear the end I never heard that before you heard the last couple of notes I
never noticed that what was that you say mm-hmm was that you strummed the
cittar or something are you playing something not me no I'm just sitting not
playing the cittar you're smitten right six hundred sixty seven votes on the
poll queries I think you had a long way to go to get anywhere near I think
nine hundred would be a real good goal today that's bad
not okay when it's okay it sucks that's Monday I'll tell you something else that sucks
oh tomorrow's the Pennsylvania primary yesterday morning MSNBC in reclats usually a new
poll every day there's another poll conducted by poster john zabi of six hundred twenty-five
likely democratic primary voters in Pennsylvania uh Clinton was the favorite choice over Obama
forty eight to forty three percent heating in mind that she was twenty points ahead only
well three four weeks ago mm-hmm mm-hmm you're not going to be watching them are
right on the edge of your seat no no talking about what is important for the
American people what's wrong with you man you are so un-American you were such a
it says the Canadian what huh Canadian yeah
come on says what take a look at my passport mister it says American as yours is
you have one no oh like I said
Clinton's lead is just beyond the polls four percent margin of error the network ads
so what will happen manana well let's take a look at the undecided vote going inside the polls
demographics one finds the highest undecided totals in more rural parts of the state that's
not good news for Obama in the so-called tea region of the state in other words almost everything
between Philly and Pittsburgh Clinton leads fifty one to thirty seven would love him for sound
decided this is one of the few demographic groups sporting double digit undecided
two other interesting cross tabs with higher decided also indicate the potential
that undecided votes will break for swallowing among boars 24 percent of the electorate and
gun owners 38 percent of the electorate Clinton leads big she's up 54 to 33 among boars and 53
to 28 among gun owners my guide you think they were taking this poll and buffalo boars there were
13 percent undecided among boars and 17 percent undecided among gun owners so while the
poll show is swallowing with a narrow lead and arguably a narrowing lead the clues inside the
numbers indicate this is her race to lose and that her lead could expand should this race end
up as close as the poll indicates i.e. five points or less this means that many of those undecided
potential fin voters decided to stay home if they come to the polls she could see early come
over five points and then of course the people go on oh we won all the big states Ohio and Texas
said Pennsylvania even though she lost the caucus in Texas but nevertheless
she just won't go away you know she's like a bad dream mm-hmm she's like the guy with the eyes
ooh and the guy with a fanny pack and the roon and hey perfect like that they just won't go away
and then the reverend and then the boyfriend now who'll get your misfits yep i have no life
what i said yep maybe they'll come out friday and see what Gulf Street ooh gee please
now that racing is moving over to calder you know who who's the count is that uh
six slow yeah well i don't want to knock Steve because he's you know at least he's
helping us out on the show and doing some good things but but i will say this
and that is that the uh racing starts at calder day racing at Gulfstream horse racing is the
seasons over as of yesterday i've just got a blackberry here democrats plan a hundred and
seventy eight billion dollar blank check for a policy policy plans a hundred and seventy eight
billion dollar blank check for a rack measured in blood and treasure the war in a rack has achieved
the status of a major war and a major debacle that's not from the peace movement it's from the
national nbsp defense unit as something despite the overwhelming opposition of the american people
speak of policy plans to rush your vote to congress for another hundred and seventy eight billion
dollar blank check for a rack how do you like that bitch yeah and you wonder why the public
is mad as hell although you know they're busy with the dancing with stars and american idol and
who got kicked off this week and uh most students attending four year colleges and universities
in Pennsylvania are enthusiastic about voting in the presidential campaign according to a poll
conducted by cbs news and you wire and Barack Obama is the overwhelming favorite among those who
intend to vote in the democratic primary tomorrow among Pennsylvania students who will vote or have
voted in the democratic primary in any state of bomb elite swelery seventy one to twenty eight percent
among those who intend to vote in the pencil by any primary of bomb elites by a nearly identical
margin seventy one to twenty nine percent let's get all those college students after margarita
vote three or four times support for obama's consisted across types and sizes of schools
no one look at this there's an ad for four chopping off the whole rest of this article my
god one of those banner ads on the right hand column yeah Pennsylvania college students also
the king has the experience say he would be affected well i mean it's all blocked out
it's blocked off here man i think i'll back and print it out again but i don't think i want to do that
the way whatever that's funnier this way 56 percent of registered Pennsylvania
costume describe themselves enthusiastic about voting for president in 2008 all 31 percent said
they were so some of enthusiastic let's block off by the student uh the board ad when they're
gonna when they're gonna outlaw that crap one of these damn banner ads that take up half the
damn article oh not too soon not too much uh mega ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
yeah there you go only twenty three percent agree even some of the things will be the same
you're having a elected president
crap you blew that freaking banner ad for five picks up the whole right hand column and destroys
the whole rest of that story which is a good story for obama's e sneaking out of the
other way a swallery plot that's probably what it's all about probably boobas got his big thick
finger in the middle of it for his big thick something six hundred eighty votes on the pool one
that's pretty weak you need eight hundred by noon to have any kind of a remote shot of the
thousand and you're not going to do it it's a poke pool for Christ sakes i mean you know
when you think after being flagulated all the last several days with the pope that
coated this and the pope part over there and the pope uh whatever when you think that people
would like have some kind of an opinion no they were watching dancing with the stars
if i'm i'm sure he's a good guy and i don't know him who the pope
no Jason Taylor but if i have to read one more story or see one more article with one more picture
of him on this show and go into the white house and on that stupid dancing with a star show
who the f cares already okay i don't know even Chris would agree with that
yep enough already with a dancing and dining and that i mentioned importance was really great
dated well a lot of times people build things up you know tremendously and then you're your
bound for a left out but it was great mm-hmm it was every bit as good as the buildup was
and that's steak man what a piece of meat mm and you know the good thing what the best thing maybe
is that i didn't poop my pants on a way home that's that would be the best thing i would count
that they don't butter the steak it's good yeah they don't they don't throw it in the butt i don't
think i don't know maybe at least maybe not not that much there are always puts a kivash on your
whole dinner you know i don't want to shower is the event oh sour is the word all right
yeah can't take it i can't handle it i can't hold it in i can't take too much butter it shoots
right out my ass yeah there you go well that looks a distant memory okay i hope
yeah so say 85 on the poke pool let's get to 700 first and they'll poke zoom off to 800 and
christmas being for a big surprise not i mean you know what you think that with this gigantic
audience we used to have again we used to have mm-hmm i got another all of this is good and there's no
let's see is there an ad oh there's an ad but it didn't cover up to them words it's an ad for
some breakfast for carnation breakfast something drink you know i really like i give up is it is it
a scene yes just i'm not talking about putting it in like milk i'm talking about just with a spoon
i agree i agree the texture is really yummy crunchy the texture is really in the loop it dissolves on
your tongue yeah oh man brother i'm gonna go out give me about 20 bottles of oval thing i'm sure
it's all carbs it's all sugar sure that's why it's so good that's right and i think they have to
eat the 20 of your bottles and i can get my gastric bypass i'm not mistaken they have oval
team melted flavor so it's chocolate molten it yeah man probably it's after 11 at 5 60 wqa and the
Kentucky Derby one of sports most anticipated events they place Saturday may 3rd that's so week
from the Saturday i believe yes and there's no better place to experience all the action at
Gulfstream Park than eastern premiere watch and wait your facility as an edit bonus to local
fans big brown the winner of Gulfstream's Florida Derby will be running in the race that's why
you're going to be out through this Friday George it is a patient of the derby that's right don't
miss a chance to do it in mind while sipping on a traditional mc julep and while the big race is
the big story there's a full day of activities planned with something for everyone all day they're
given away great prices like laptop computers gps systems digital cameras in lots more for the
ultimate thrill seekers they'll have on display the world's most exotic powerboats to its
horsepower meets horsepower plus only Gulfstream Park features biggest out slots an olympic
poker room in the latest video poker games and fabulous dining at 10 palms or Christine leaves
film is the Kentucky Derby may 3rd at Gulfstream Park admission itself parking are free
come 9 5 4 4 5 4 7000 or go to Gulfstream Park dot com online Gulfstream on federal highway
and prestigious hell and there
the biggest name so fast out your new projects
you're 30 5 60 QAM thanks for its leader from the producers of ice road truckers and
axmen comes an all new series about one of the most intense hockey of patients in the world
cesspool suckers you never know what you're going to find or smell what you can let it get you
down just pick up and get in there like a man get in there like a cesspool sucker
cesspool suckers like guys like to use the black hose but I like the clear kind I like to see
what I'm sucking see what it's like to live life on the edge every day you know one wrong step
and that's it it's over you're covered in it
and American original series cesspool suckers only on the history channel smell the fear
huge 1117 at 560 WQM happy Monday to tomorrow's the big pencil vandia primer and I wish
everybody is first on this station they're all whipped up about it just like they were on 9 11
right we gotta talk about sports we can't talk about let me get to say about
willing to fall in down we gotta talk about sports you know he is gotta be
well worse simple than I think that's a perfect match him in the Denise Pothat
the only underneath a match made in purgatory simple to
what are you gonna talk about that I mean what are we gonna say yeah yeah you can talk about sports
very sad you think they have a factory where they stamp these creatures out yes I do
it's here it's here and now across the street you know something
of both sides of the street covered or her since the idea on your pool man it's creeping along
Chris you're not gonna make no thousand votes today oh well break the sad news to use but
it ain't gonna happen oh well well it's Monday these people are busy working they don't have time
to dittle around with our damn poll I wouldn't mind diddling around with a few polls in fact yeah
a Saturday it goes at the where where am I at woodvine there was several polls that I would
love to have dittle around with even my old advanced non-sexual age kind of like oh wow
who are those people I'm kin uh can that be head but nevertheless I just sit there with my
machine you know plunge it along what are you gonna do you're gonna reach out and grab somebody you
can't grab someone didn't see any of that all weekend oh wow one week in a row there yeah thank god
father Barack Obama began the month of April with a five to one cash advantage over a dead
settled swillery setting the stage for his lopsided spending in the crucial primary state of
Pennsylvania financial reports filed yesterday by the end by the way if you're playing on punching
up any calls today forget about it yes and you want to know why I don't want it right I just
I'm not in the mood for it no problem out of Monday and of course that router will show up one of
these days I hope it'll give me something to look forward to every day after day that for next
several weeks sure well if it doesn't show up in a couple of days I'm calling them and saying what
what the hell is going on with you you morons you idiots you uh you fairy financial reports filed
yesterday by the Democratic presidential candidates with the FEC show Clinton had a ten points
few million dollar debt total at the start of the month only about nine million cash on hand for
the primaries Obama reported having 42 million for the primary Clinton's rating poses yet another
obstacle to her campaign as she seeks to win the primary season with a string of victories she trails
Obama in delegates states one in popular votes and she can't get Obama superior fundraising no chance
all those old parts that all we love Hillary and you ever see the crowds that come out for her
yes see we young people and they're probably unassured you know but right all those old
old we're the old we don't want to vote for no sparks if her president we like Hillary your husband
that's a wonderful man the March money position Obama to undertake an expensive
expensive April campaign in Pennsylvania where he spent at least twice as much as swallory and cut
into that once big lead Clinton who had kept pace with Obama financially throughout last year
hadn't even less cash on hand in Republican John McCain McCain raised 15.2 million in March
and had 11.6 million in the back of the start of April it was his best fundraising performance
of the campaign coming after you'd essentially secured his party's presidential nomination
after his 95th birthday with democratic contest still in full boil McCain has been on the
sideline saving his money and completing payments on alone nearly hit maybe out of pay off your
a car became in your house like art is your car paid off yeah who paid for you oh
how do you like that Chris very nice
do you think it's still running okay half of that it's still running what does that mean it's still
running you're not there to start winding right I don't need like a new car I didn't say anything you
asked the question what do you set me up like that you want me to line about everything you do set me up
no I do not how was it asking for anything well you are sure why not why do you want me Chris
yeah fence it and why not do that all the time relax right nearly half a clinton's that in marches
money owed to the firm of her demoted former chief strategist Mark Penn I just blow him off as
what I would do if I were I said hey Mark get get lost sue me and he will the report shows that
the campaign owes 4.6 million to Penn Shane and Burland Associates the campaigns already paid
them 14 million including three million in march reporting the direct mail money well spent not
Clinton took away Penn's role as chief advisor earlier this month after he met with
Columbia officials to discuss his prior work on behalf of a Columbia free trade agreement
a trade deal Clinton opposes embarrassing and unacceptable humiliating and degrading and
that's because they're all a bunch of horrors man all a bunch of crooks and horrors including
James Carville same thing Obama's fundraising in marchlet all candidates but we're still lower
than the mark he said in February when he raised more than 55 million the Illinois senators raised
235 million in his campaign money alone hasn't guaranteed Obama victories he spent 30.6 million
in march to cleanse 22 million the month began with tough contest in Ohio and Texas he lost the
pocket of vote to Clinton in both state primaries even the way out spedder but emerged with more delegates
in Texas as we porch odyspent nine million dollars on media advertising in march Clinton
spread less than a third of that Obama spend nearly five million on telemarketing and three point
six million for travel and lodging Clinton spent about five million on travel about two million on
phone banks Clinton spoke to him and Jay Carson said Clinton's online fundraising is on the rise
and noted that march figures don't include the two and a half minutes he raised last week
and that Elton John concert in New York Carson said the events total sum included money from
six thousand new donors who don't know any better I guess like those people playing the dollar
wheel of fortune just keep pouring the money in there just 20 after 20 50 after 50 100 after 100
and nothing comes up of blanks and blanks and occasionally a spin all it's it looks like a thousand
and it goes past a thousand twenty five bucks you know I'm talking about no slow learners man
slow learners get off the wheel baby now maybe the one of ghost is program you know to pay out some
money I don't know tell us line you'll tell us okay at march 17 that's right so I think that's
what I'm gonna do there come watch me play the slots who just set up all around you remember that
come watch me eat yeah that was mr. ego come watch me uh-huh come watch me the free meal can't I
really I am gonna take them up on the Christine Leething obelisk of course I've never in my life
eating the Christine Lees and of course until Friday and never eating it more in the sick I'll see
the show goes to show you even in my advanced age I've missed a lot of really good eating opportunities
that's that what that's what I was thinking it would but on Saturday I'm missing a lot of good
eating opportunities you got 712 votes there fatso nobody to think about that think about
uh 850 you're full of crap man if you can't get off of this number if you can't get to 900
rod of business okay you see you don't understand the the progression of the way this works as long
as you've been doing this if you got 712 now it's that even 1130 and how are you not gonna get 900 votes
well I mean people could just like you know I mean grand you know even a 10th of listening
audits we used to have before they pulled the you know it cut my balls off but that's beside the
point they don't care about that they just they just want to produce they don't care the fact that
they got your hands tied behind your back they won't let you say crap they won't do that how's
your lunch meeting coming with Joe by the way what I thought you guys were gonna bond I heard
him I heard him right there in the studio I'm Thursday or Friday morning came in there was
ho-hoing with me and ho like uh with you the same crap yeah I'm sure he's got a lot to laugh about
oh I'm sure after they send my deal they do that Norma can't ho-ho-ho-ho what what oh yeah what
a negotiator say I try to explain that to you you you seem to be in denial there was no
negotiation there was no given time I know you're in the Yang there was no back and forth there was
no two and throw there was no he well there wasn't any out mm-hmm I'm not denial and Norma was
on the receiving end by the way that in and out would be the first time I was gonna say boy
took the words right out of my mouth 714 714 on the pope pole what's your take on the pope I'm the
holy father come on everybody's gonna have an opinion on this am I right you betcha for how about
I just I don't care do we have that on there no no you want to put that on there if you would like
sure don't care about it well what do you mean I'm trying to help you out I'm trying to get your
total up there I think we should put it on there don't care about them don't give a crap don't
live a fly I'll give a rat singers ass no don't give a rat's ass about him what's your take on
the pope nice outfit 172 he's a Nazi bastard 170 never stole a freight train 169 and he's okay 103
I hate him like poison 56 and he's a great holy man he's next to God 44
the biggest name the best talent he's your project 4560 kam
the sports leader sports greater radio is what the news for you
I'm dying on the hand
you
you're very
bit is all around me everybody is
broke
the economy is drowning they got us by the throne
I'd like to do some driving but can't afford to go
for the world richest country is the pressure
low
after final
never the stage was set for the
no concept grab all they could get they trickled it up to the one percent
it does
fall
and rent us again
could this be a recession the headlines for late news
there's people going
country you won't see that on the news
it's like the 1930s on the other greats of ground
we're just a little too dirty and a sportsed by gas
the corporate newspapers saying it will end
the ones that I use for the sheets are right there
you can read our big deal and then in the drool
they got us by the now we got us cold
we're in a deep depression but they don't want you to know
you
for the world richest country
this depression
well there's that great job let's drink the sticky
sands with the bunch of young people in Pennsylvania
should we have gone to a rock in the first place that he's
playing his arm like
and then that's a really a profound question isn't it
like is the sun shining somewhere and that's a kind of question that
it should be a rock in the first place these
weaves of disarble like like he's doing the time of
a hot chop well he weighs in hard enough maybe you'll fly on oh my god
paypal yeah he's alienating all the swing voters that
probably would have voted for him they're religious right may not
love John the way not to bend their guy
I don't believe they're going to vote for Hillary for Obama
oh no but they'll stay home
they're going to win at all right why are you doing this in it
he must have green apple quick step because he's
definitely going to fall off that chair any second
this is this is another crazy person that that's your
specialty it's CNN you put crazy people on here
like that Tony Harris and like Richard Queth
I think they're all on drugs well for more on what many first-time voters
are saying and to become a member yourself
are saying it's like it's like he's talking to a bunch of five
year olds in a sandbox you know that that's how they talk to us
and you want to know why because that's the mentality that
they're appealing to see an end certainly not
news okay hubbim and dread 732 on your point you're not
going to make no 800 by noon I'll tell you that right now I know
what the hell you're thinking about oh you must be in a dream
was a scream world um yours never told me you were a
screamer no 73733 oh what a damage oh he's got a
girlfriend for crying out loud I know
well he'd be the sloppiest gay guy you've ever seen in your life
well what does that mean am I a is he sloppier than me
uh yeah he might just think
nothing different brother oh my god that another cylinder like yeah
like Paco says that look like homeless he ought to know he tells me that all
the time now Friday you'd have been very proud of me I had on a
sport jacket really sure elbow patches on that thing
dressed pants I had on those shoes that you have to tie
in over the laces and socks out and socks
the real socks right not those nylon hose like the mafia guys wear
no real socks okay good not jock socks
you'd have been very proud and impressed mostly though with the food god
that was good net dessert hmm the only complaint I have is that it took
first of all they make the order those hot desserts before
mm-hmm they start working on I agree it's like look I don't know how I'll
finish all right if you must and so we finished with our entrees
and then it was like another half hour easy and we kept giving the wait for
us the eagle eye you know like uh what's going oh well uh takes that
souffle uh they got a souffle that was not good
sometimes like grand marnie souffle it was uh tasteless
who just like mung in a souffle do they have a souffle why
runs with souffle creme brulee no it was not I'll cry love creme brulee
oh my but just that's gonna if they had it on there I don't know I don't think so
but I'll go back tonight and straight I'll definitely go back there soon I guarantee
you that it was that good all right the FTC recently found an adult website more
than 410 grand for sending of seen emails to unsuspecting recipients
you know something I wouldn't mind those nearly as much the ones that I
mind are all these these weenie enlargement I must get about 400 a day and of
course if you think with the right guy but I don't care you know right don't bother
me with that creme and then and also the this crown's on drugs most of
which is also weenie related with the you know's uh
sure viagra and Alice and no yeah I don't want it you don't want to see Alice
and I keep blocking them and marking them as fam and yet the every day they're
like ten new ones come up that's right they pop up cyber heat is the sixth
company that settled with the FTC over complaints about torn spam
electronic spam our unsolicited email messages uh we all got that window cracked
here and it's not nothing that's happened it must be no breeze between my knees
you've only got one window in that room yeah and all the opens a certain lot of
certain amount I see but during the break man I'm going to go and I'm going to just
I'm going to smash I'm going to get a ball pain hammer at smash all the glass
in the window so you get one of them window fans oh that would be a blessing
thoughts because the AC is not in the building yet I don't think they turn it
until like may or something that oh really yeah it's either one or the other
it's either the heat or the AC once I switch over that's it there's no going back
once it's gone so they take their damn sweet time because they don't want
all of a sudden more of these spring days it turns out to be like the lowest
minus eight or something like that and people are freezing that oh you people
turned off the heat like that electronic span while you know what they are the
southern bar cyber heat from sending span and unsolicited emails a practice the
FTC said could expose children to pornographic images oh my god
Pat Truman special counsel will be allowance defense funds that he believe the
rule he sends a strong message I got to blow my nose I'm dripping you know
all right well I got I got like about a half of a cold you know
well don't pick up the other half I don't want the other
head yeah I think it's because I stopped taking some of my vitamins after that
stupid story I read in the year last week you really did stop it yeah
this morning I got back on them again I started taking my selenium my A and D
which is all combined on one of my E E E E and I was all of a sudden for the
first time in years I got the semblance of a cold I've got to get that stuff
back into me so this is real progress with Inspector
pornography Truman said because the FTC has paid a special attention
to these companies that span pornography and they've also gone after other
spammers this is a really good development Truman added another positive
development is that the amount of pornographic span email has dropped over the
past years due to the crackdown so far the six companies that will
settle from plants from the FTC have agreed to pay more than $1.5
million and civil penalties 1.5 million a pittance
compared to the pope and the Vatican with their two billion plus probably a lot
more than that I wonder if he talked about that the fact that all these
churches are shutting down now because they can't afford to keep the doors open
and because there's nobody coming back and a lot of people are staying away
and young people don't want any part of that whole petafile priest ring you know
there's hope for the future and they run out of alter boys too
the biggest name the best out of his new projects
sports radio 5.60 QAM
the sports leader wonderful WQA
Randall Simmons is a real Geico customer not a paid celebrity so to help us
tell his story we hired an actual celebrity Barack Obama's pastor Jeremiah Wright
I was in my car headed out on a date when I had my accident
accident it was no accident not after a black man in this contract
I called Geico and right from the start I couldn't believe how helpful they were
oh yes they want you to believe but I never believe a white man oh no
Geico got me a loader car and actually called ahead to the restaurant and explained why I was late
I'm still waiting on an explanation an explanation of how color racism in this contrast
and explanation of how a black man has never been
president cannot get it even Geico real service real savings
real insane celebrities J man living 45 at 5.60 WQM it's the
Jers pregame show man Jers will be here with without the log I guess no more heat games for a long time
what's he gonna do without the log you know like a staple of the show every like
has without the pole yeah wouldn't it he could have different kinds of logs yeah Lincoln logs
right I think you're gonna have lunch from this morning I'll pick you up really in a box
in fact I think next time I'm down there I'm gonna go across you know my religious
nut neighbor across the street mm-hmm I'm gonna squat at about three in the morning when
everybody's asleep I'm gonna go over there and squat right on her door you could do that old
off waiting bag a poop listen yeah I'm gonna poop on her stoop and I just a little a big scoop
I am I'm just sick and proud of that crap lean people alone okay we're not interested in my
house and all your bubble mice is okay leave people alone you want to be a good neighbor and take
people to the doctor and pick them up and the dentist that's great much appreciated that's fine but
other than that stop at a process of taking a bitch US and Bohemian rescue workers found the
bodies of 20 people floating in open waters yesterday near the Bahamas man US Coast Guard official
said today authorities we see them were about five o'clock this morning your people stranded and
screaming in the water 15 miles northwest of Nassau Bahamas helicopters jets I wonder if one of
those helicopters was being was being piloted by Prince William you see that story yeah who cares
right exactly man like you say hubbubble the lot of them oh it's the royal family though he could
owe you our screw them the batten birds bunch of pretty idiots helicopters jets and patrol boats
were deployed in the search about 20 people located by 345 yesterday afternoon rescue workers
discovered three survivors and are searching for others all of the dead were Haitian authorities
said two of these survivors are Haitian and the other is Honduran rescuers didn't find the vessel
of the people around before becoming stranded authorities are trying to find out what type of
vessel it was from survivors the Haiti officials will question the survivor said Luis Diaz
a spoke them for the Coast Guard if a criminal investigation needs to be initiated authorities in
Bahamas would handle it the other said the people were heading from the Haiti said well no kidding
very profound go back okay I know you have any problems there with those mud pies they're not too
tasty travel to Basque on it man we're sorry a charm it's a good idea speaking to that by the way
I don't know you don't know many Mexican people I know some but they have to put to
basque or some kind of hot sauce preferably the basque on every damn thing they eat it's just
on I was going to say everything they put in their mouth I'm not sure about that what you surprised
I wouldn't be surprised what what is that all about or those hot chilies yeah they like oh my god
when the boyfriend went to Mexico we brought back a whole bunch of crap most of it sweet most
of it stuff that I can't eat thank God and he also brought back I want to do those real little
bag of those real hot chilies you know oh and I got I got suckered into trying one of those just
a good guy huh oh it starts out tasteless like oh this isn't so bad man all of a sudden
after about 10 15 seconds it like oh my god it's up in your mouth so to speak oh it burns all
right and I'm thinking to myself what kind of crazy people will be eating crap I'm not of course
I'm thinking oh Mexicans makes sense to me mm-hmm now why is that Cuban's art that much in a hot
spicy food are they no and what about other Latinos I guess they're all individuals see the
thing about the the the chili the hot spices in Mexico is that's what the Indians would use as a
preservative I just start with that Indian stuff again well you know when someone's brown
they call my Mexican friends Indians again what are they brown mm-hmm then they're Indians and they
use those as preservatives to you know to keep food from rotting different cultures have different
methods I wouldn't say they're all that brown they're like brownish like brown very light never
the last the brown comes from something like that moron Tony Harrison soon and that like brown
so anyway that's why the chili peppers it's preservatives and they're used to it and they like it
to preserve what the the foods every culture has different ways of preserving things like
Europeans would like you know smoke meat salt stuff you know like make jerky out of things
smoked meat like that's right for y'all oh my god that is the worst excuse from pastrami
smoked meat my ass oh that it is just horrendous don't ever go to Montreal okay I know we have a
limited budget limited modification time don't ever make the mistake of going to Montreal they do
have some very very very good restaurants but you know what so do a lot of other places where
there are civilized people we might actually have a chance of having good time I ate that
but it would be big oh my god what's your take on the Pope 753 votes you seem to be stuck there maybe
Erick Scott is big foot on the big break you can't move off 753 I'm telling you I've refreshed
that thing about 10 times now and it's always like I said there's one they're coming in by the ones
man who stayed old midnight my kids and 900 all right what's your take on the Pope he's a Nazi
bastard is moved to the top 180 oh my god how disrespectful to the holy father
nice outfit 174 he never saw a freight train 171 he's okay 107 I hate him like poison 58 he's a great
holy man 47 and I don't give a rat's ass about him 17 you see that we didn't have those 17 under
you'd be sucking wind man as it is you still are but nevertheless not as much you know what I mean
what do you mean Ben Stein shows he's no Michael Moore that's for damn sure but this guy's
crazy and I thought he was I wonder if that story say on the other days he's a Scientologist or
something no I don't think so did you see the preview yeah he's something that we can't say on
the air oh a whole they've been showing the previews for that all over the place now if numbers
are in the indication Ben Stein is shown he's no Michael Moore Stein's expelled no one tell him
a lot of documentary which makes an argument for intelligence design over the theory of evolution
they viewed it just number eight among the top 10 grossing movies last week the film made $1.2
million on Friday and 10 10 52 thousand 52 theaters by comparison Michael Moore Sikko raked in 23.9
minutes opening weekend from just 441 theaters and Fahrenheit 911 to 23.9 million from what he 868
slots I don't know Michael Moore played the slots maybe he knows the quarter shot guy
paying him a thousand 52 theaters the picture distributed by Rocky Mountains pictures are in
1.2 million Friday for what should be a 3.4 million dollar weekend wrote Nikki Finke's
deadline Hollywood Daily Nikki Finke he's that Nikki Finke with an E Nikki Finke
as in Winky Think remember that I told you about that shirt with Jack Berry Winky Think in Union
was to provide a plastic screen on the TV a week and even say that on the Ernie Moore Winky Think
No but the print of the average for Friday was a feeble eleven hundred and thirty dollars that's
three thousand dollars valued on the internet would be for the entire weekend showing there wasn't
any pen up demand for the film despite the aggressive publicity campaign so much for the conservative
argument that people would flock to films not representing the agenda of liberal Hollywood
right Ben Stein oh he makes the Pope seem like a cowboy like a boy scout on Friday the New
York Times you have kept soolers called the movie one of the sleasiest documentaries to arrive at
a very long time a conspiracy theory rant masquerading his investigative inquiry expelled producers
of also been accused of copyright violations they said not to have secured the rights for the use
of John Lennon's imagine and the killers all these things I have done among the more popular flicks
they're forbidden kingdom the gently Jackie Chan synergy is said to score 21.1 million for the weekend
number two is forgetting Sarah Marshall which is at five point nine million on Friday how can
you forget Sarah Marshall we know have any I do who the hell she is right they don't Sarah
no if you knew Sarah like I knew Sarah if you knew Susie that was Eddie Cantor a hundred years ago
boy the fact that the fact that I remember that means I'm too old I know that's so Eddie and I
can't or if you knew Susie like I knew you do not let's song yeah from what I like a lot of
old music going all the way back to the year like that song I don't I didn't say that I said I know it
you said I like a lot of old music I like a lot of old music I didn't say that was one of them
well I sure hope not but I you know have listened to it and continue to
if I knew Susie you continue listening to it yeah over and over again that's what George
doesn't his spare time when he's smoking a herald uh-huh I don't touch the herald I don't touch the
obsolete media though they got a great website though not they got very jackass on there great
urinalist they got David J Neal back to write the crap about hockey that he knows nothing about
just like he wrote before Jacques Martin baby he's gonna hire the new coach he got fired his coach
now he's still GM the certainly have the new coach nice going there Alan Cohen I know his brother
Martin Marty Cohen good friend another idiot just like Alan Cohen destroyed whatever
chance it was to say that franchise you're but you the Alan you destroyed it man just unbelievable
look these people but that's how for it or for you know at least it may not be good it's just like
that place the restaurant I keep forgetting the name I what is it in the sawgrass
come on great looks great looks cafe the what the monk's in the uh the the grand luxe cafe
so much promised man good appetizers I don't know about the desserts I'm trying to think if we
had dessert I don't think so I think after you have the entry you're like so you know I want to
you know go out and barf give me the barf bag let me out of here let me pay the check if there's
actually going to be one disappointing great concept nice ambiance good service nice living
and breathing crowd but you know no good food Neil we love the cheesecake factory they give
you that big 40 pound piece of cheesecake yeah that's it size all the size queens out there man
that's what's all about and for obvious reasons I've always resented that whole concept
on 55 at 560 WQM this dick chainy I like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while
listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour we like craving we like craving we like craving
we saw these like craving you and what's nice is when the oil price rises
yeah there's nothing you can't you know we got the way we the 911 the time and you bring this
in with our steering on your body guide rack so we keep craving with the little complaining and
we saw these deep craving you and all right and craving and gouging and gravy why not you
dove the fantastic snow this is amazing the hair we're raising she's fun and we're all
ways of the food so keep on dreaming about alternative fuels will keep on scheming your day is
red and the rest of the body by by it's 1215 60 WQM I got some very exciting news man okay I got a hot
lunch date today okay you see it's not exciting for you well it depends on how hot the lunch is
no well yeah no my lunch is going to be chicken parmesan is mr. ego would say chicken parmesan
no peppercorn char show maybe you should try it sometime no I don't think I want no peppercorn
for chicken parmesan and around the lasagna that comes with it we take a bob I better start getting
with it you know that's right I better start getting jiggy with it now you know something Chris I'm
going to challenge you right now I'm going to lay down the gauntlet what did that expression come
from laying down the gauntlet that's how many of those people the doles you know they used to
that is throw a glove down yeah gauntlet like like Raymond Burr and who was the other one
Aaron Burr Raymond Burr and Alexander Hamilton and now very good Alexander Hamilton's on the $20
bill mm-hmm back in those days man they used to wear so many layers of clothing yeah I know
God and he they had more vest on that that alley fulching on CNN 772 votes on that poke pool
776 they're coming in and chunch now what do you think about what your large life you have
about my lunch about my chicken parmesan I think it sounds good it is good it's really crispy
but of course I have to go and pick it up but that's okay I'm the oldest delivery boy in Toronto
I've told you that you don't know that there might be some older ones you can exercise though see
your own vision huh it is where's it is even the walk let me tell you this as silly as it sounds
when I drive on a weekend and even though Chris is chewing me out because he don't like exercise
anyway being the fat told that he is but even just to walk from the parking lot into the main
place and then of course all the walker run inside that's good exercise mm-hmm for normal
fart like me sure everybody will be a little bit of a hot guy so that you can have it to keep
going and take a leak you know I put my put my jacket on the back of the chair I take my money
a wallet to make sure I don't leave it there like a moron and then I high-tailed it off to the
tea room man and it's safer what do you mean by that there are afraid somebody's going to take
your jacket off the chair why would they do that to be bastards there aren't as many back
for two hundred thousand for a capitol what I said remember it's not top Florida yeah that's
what I was just going to say I mean there's some bastards here but not quite actually I remember one
time I was playing my dollar wheel of fortune and on the end machine in the back there like five
machines in the back as opposed to the row of fourteen of them up in the front and I'm playing
the middle machine and on the end some some guy I think light-complexed black guy or maybe he
was like whatever he was he got two hundred on the line so he's got two hundred credits in there
and he walks away and this guy comes and starts playing the machine yeah that's got two hundred
credits on it or the guy cashed out you see because now you know that we've got the tickets you know
right ticket ticket ticket has anybody ever explained to you what that crap is no you're just
supposed to go along just play along oh no why don't you ask somebody why don't you ask that
more on clearance what what is that no is the business of what we funny is the crystal is the
attitude is it supposed to be creative is it supposed to be another java jimmy remember it was
not even there anymore what what I've given up trying to make sense of what they do on the
rest of the station a long time ago and I've been much sainer as a result seven hundred and seventy
seven hundred and eighty-seven wow those are the days baby air every major market air and even
the media markets had personality DJs on the air legendary personnel Scott Mewdie and the Dan
Ingram and cousin Lucy and all the others hello again here's my best oh god herb Oscar
Oscar Anderson and Carl D'Souza wbz and Dave Manard and Jefferson K and all those people at
a WLS Chicago Larry Lujack my god you know something that that's one thing I need in this dcs
I haven't got it you got on a car there somewhere the WLS jingles those were great pan jingles
WLS Bob Lassiter blah blah worked there once upon a time when they became talk yeah
so
you want on your own oh yeah short and the snap
let's make sure that music WLS
oh speaking of that last night and I found it just by accident it must have been my lucky day
that's what happens when you love your good clean life yep on wgn which I just never go to
where those channels are you know on my cable wgi x in New York and w what's the one for Boston
by forget what oh your accident huh wsbk come on you'd better get with it man here you're so
parochial so anyway wgn had two great shows back to back the first one was sixty years of wgn
in the cubs and the second one was sixty years of wgn on the air all the different categories you
know sports news etc the clowns they had that what was that guy's name the clown from a Chicago
was a was a waso the one with the sideways red hair yeah that's the guy I suppose I'm on here
and they also kept they kept plugging it but I never saw anything on a ding dong school with
Francis Horwich remember ding dong school no no I don't know before your time ding dong school
with I would be child what ding dong school at I would be with boy Gary remember ding dong
which is dead uh huh now if I could tell you who's saying that boy I really have some guy I have no
idea the much gun we've heard from the root wizard of Oz who did the much guns from the wizard of
Oz no yes I'm talking about the song not not not in the movie like like a radio song like that
yeah a record a record you know remember what they used to have records those vinyl things
with the a groove in them no really groovy if you got it you're still for time you haven't got it
yeah this is it
okay got me with that I'm midget junk rammer and a ding dong
well how did that expression ever came from by the way even being the old fag that I am I never
heard that before my life until like these bit my junk money money food my junk and
central organs there'll always be new names for it like every day there's 20 new names for all
of those things want to see my junk except it looks like if that's what you call it if you call
a junk no I don't want to see it that's what it looks like does it really like junk yeah yeah
like something is throw out grows like something like something your body threw up
like you try to lift up too heavy weight in your body blew up hurting I never said that sex had a
look good to feel good okay didn't have to look good it's better what it does though
70 you asked the other person of course you're talking about yep you we have the
right you have who dokey we don't want to see your junk come on to galsty and Friday George is
going to have his junk right I'm gonna be airing it up that ought to get some uh noteworthy
uh huh yeah don't here comes the junk your junk in the trunk ain't you heard a cup of coffee in the
yeah uh huh especially your punk all right cut the crap skunk what's your take on the Pope now I
I started to challenge the question I got all I got all emotional goosey uh huh when I realized
I'm I'm having a guest for lunch today I know you think I'm a silly old man which of course I am
but you know uh well when you're getting shut out from anything and everywhere from the human race
you know whatever any kind of human contact become so sensational I even know it's not positive human
content you know I mean yeah I ain't saying nothing they can nothing well good 784 what's your take on
the Pope he's a Nazi bastard 185 I keep trying to get Chris to push it man if you really lean on it
you could make that thousand conceivably it's very unlikely well try to 2.0 for a thousand right now so
people want to be nice they can do it what if these people want to be nice they can do it no it's not
if they want to be nice if they want to like help put us over the top today if they want to do
something constructive or once in their lives like Steve you wonder would say for once in your life
care enough this end your best even if you're in South Florida yeah and then of course we've got a
lot of people listening who are not in South Florida those people ought to be voting three four or five times
he's a Nazi bastard for once in my life
Steve hey you got me look over here where one of you here 185 nice
out that I can't hear it so I'm not going to worry about it I talked it up he never stole a freight
train 175 Papa Poppy he's okay 111 I hit him like poison 59 he's a great holy man 52 6.6%
where's the other six and don't give a rat's ass about him 26 784 come on people like
Chris would say let's go stand up there let's go away that's right by 1230 we need about 820 vote
get the vote 840 set the skies the limit I mean we got to have somebody out there listening for
crying out loud of course it's not what he used to be because nothing is like what he used to be
radio isn't what a lucky used to be we live in a fascist repressive regime baby that's what we
live in we can't say crap we can barely even take one anymore we can barely even say Joyce
much less take one although I did take what we're three or is it four this is four this is four holy cow
firebagger mm-hmm and then of course the enriched Sanchez they're flailing his arms and he
moating with those cows because they must have thought this is they put this guy on TV he's a crazy
person mm-hmm what's the war the back reading the first place there that he's and he's waving his arms
around like a madman like he belongs in a light red field on an asset belongs in a straight jacket
for us those of us in South Florida we have the balls to tell it like it is as opposed to
poly over there who kisses his ass oh best luck Ricky Tiki you're so great uh
yeah Ricky Tiki is great but that's Rick Shaw that's right not Ricky Tiki Sanchez
mainly a blabbering fool a blabbering emoting if they ever we make Dracula man he could play
Renfield and Dracula
he's the biggest man who's the best out you know his real largest 4.560 QAM
the fourth leader
Neil yeah
can you get me off don't you little time sink
can't do it Sally
prices at the pump and upward in some local areas they've officially reached record highs this morning
and no question about it it's really starting to take a financial toll on drivers
we're back when in 67
we have a job again boy this must be serious
she calls the fuel at the pump was designed to walk past her favorite oh it's gorgeous
oh that's great smells nice too
no one can afford it it's really killing
now we'll never be able to afford my living juxtaposition that's in human
oh my god I'm well you can't believe my eyes 4.19
4.19
4.19
4.19
4.19
4.19
4.19
I think we're on a gas they can't afford to pay for it
there's nothing you can do about it
I can afford to pay for it I just can't find it
12.17 at 5.60 WQM we got 7.99 on there
so the next vote you're going to be over 800 but I tell you by 12.30 we can get like about 8.28
10.8 something all right and you know what
what we'll get 800 I'm changing the poll anyway
say what because that way that no listen to me
I know because then we'll get the votes for sure the next one the first time we did it
it's like a survey I think survey first time we did it we had 2000 in some of
our vote us you want to rack them up this time
2067 so no it's not a question of that it's just the guarantee to put you over 1000
here's a nice fact from Doug who says just wanted to thank you for recommending the movie
standing in the shadows of Motown I watched it over the weekend all I can say is oh my god I went
between laughing and crying and singing and dancing like Joey Carr dining and dancing
and I sure hope he's dead oh that's terrible you think he's dead Joey Carr you can't
do it because it won't be on there he's still obscure my kids thought I was crazy but I didn't
care keep up the great work Neil love you Doug thank you Doug one of the great movies of all time
I would say standing in the shadows of Motown especially if you're Motown fan you don't have to
be you just have a music person right well I'm going to be as music person and not be a Motown fan
oh I don't know maybe you're like um don't like starch or music I don't know
although there's different kinds of black music there's great music like Motown and there's this
rat crap that we got today okay I mean if this is one of the things that's wrong with the world
I mean this is music I don't want to sound like a little funny but the most of it is crap pola
or oh there's a LLE felching is on again the rommingly not with standing wood
socioeconomic status you are people are concerned about something about money they're concerned
about their own retirement they're concerned about something about money all right and that is
ain't got any like George and Chris thank God any they want it then got it if I wanted to be really
creative I could crawl around on the floor or look over on the account of there and see if I could
find my standing in the shadows of Motown but I I don't I don't want to they'll need to why you got it
most of it yeah I mean what do you want any requests
how about Ben Harper would be good oh man he is him and what's your name what's your name
Osborne Joe Osborne Joe Osborne Jesus the two of them are so good that it's scary I don't
have to soundtrack in the computer I'm not that crazy about Chakakan or who is the other guy
that big fat guy that was on there oh Luther Vanders no not Luther Vanders he's a big fat guy
oh he's not so fat anymore wrong fat guy I got to narrow it down a little bit what you got to
narrow it down a little bit when you're talking about fat singers 801 on your pool now you see we got
a real shot here 805 I'm gonna she of course like I said I'm gonna switch it now so what's the big
deal it would have probably been more fun to do with the other way wouldn't it but like like the
bush people say oh it's more fun cheating that way you're sure you're gonna win right right more
fun doing nothing up but when you cheat which one are you non-Hispanic white how about old
Jew Fag has that thought on there okay here comes our ethnic serving I'm printing out the final
result of the first one on the pope the pope who smokes dope and who is revolting at best and
talks like an old lady with a Yiddish accent I wonder if the Pope went to a satire over the
Wichita I think he was in New York a lot of three-minute in Jews in New York I wonder if anybody
invited me he went to a show did you see that yeah it did the Pope went to show the
he said a little prayer by rule hat dog hey sorry about all that collaborating with the Nazis
is that what they said and that what it's always all about shoddy taubry a televised train wreck by
Frank where it sets his column in the times about that horrible debate last Wednesday night and it's
long one thing I don't know if it started all it's it's like for goes on forever four pages
how about if I just read as much as I can before the break okay and then Schmidt can the rest of
well you'll see it on our website tomorrow Frank which shoddy shoddy taubry a televised train
of spingy taubry who is suki taubry excuse me remember that song Mac the knife by Bobby Dern yeah
suki taubry who is that I don't know never heard of that you never heard that
laudie linja and suki taubry the crowd is turning on me said Charles gives him the abc anchor when
the audience jeered him in the final moments of Wednesday nights face off between swallahry and barat
I can't remember a debate in which the only memorable moment with the audience is heckling
of a moderator then again I can't remember a debate that became such an instant national gag
earning reviews more appropriate choice slasher movie like prom night then a civic event held in
Philadelphia's national constitution center shoddy and despicable said the Washington Post
the Boston Globe called it a taubry affair a televised train wreck said if
Philadelphia Daily News and those were the polite ones let's not even go to the blogosphere
of course Obama fans were angry because of the barrage of McCarthyist guilt by association
charges against their candidate for training him as a fellow traveler of bomb throwing
america hating flag denigrating terrorists the debates co-moderated George stuff on top of his
second no journalist in his first hand knowledge of the Clinton White House could have easily
rectified the imbalance all he had to do was draw on his expertise to ask similar questions about
Bill Clinton's check bearing business and foundation associates circling a potential new
Clinton administration he did not with viewers of all political persuasions were fronted by the
moderator strategy to ask about the mortgage crisis health care the environment torture education
china policy the pending GI build away veterans or the war we're losing in Afghanistan
those minutes were devoted not just to recycling the Reverend Jeremiah Wright Bosnian sniper
fire and another lame question about a possible dream ticket but to the un singly number of
intrusive commercials and network promos that prompted the jeering at the end the trashiest ads
often bumped directly in when ABC announces periodic recitations of quotations from the constitution
such defacing of american values as to be expected i guess from a network whose debate moderators
refuse to wear flag pins ludicrous as the whole spectacle was ABC wouldn't have been so widely
pilloried had it not tapped into a larger national discontent with the news media factlessness
the debate didn't happen in a vacuum it was the culmination of the orgy of presses stereo
over mr. abomas remarks about bitter small town voters for nearly a week you couldn't change
channels without hearing how mr. abama had destroyed his campaign with a single slip at a
San Francisco fundraiser my Wednesday night the public was overdosing mr. abama did sound condescending
an unappealing trait that was even more naked in his Eurekable enough Hillary job many debates
ago but the overreaction to this latest gap back fired on the medium or then it damaged him
for all the racket about bitter gait and breathless intimidations of imminent pull swings and
superdelegant stampede the earth did not move the pulls hardly budged and superdelegant's continued
to migrate mainly in mr. abomas direction thrusted another overhyped 2008 storyline go
embarrassingly bust like such predecessors as the death of john mccain's campaign and the
organization on financial inevitability of the clinton political machine against the work he
senator krillinois not the least of the reasons that the beltways gotten so much wrong this year
is that it believes that two thousand eight is still 1998 1988 it sees the country in its
own image static instead of as a dynamic society whose culture and demographics are changing by the day
in this one size fits all analysis mr. abama must be the new do caucus true to be rejected by white
guys easily manipulated by lea water style campaigns exploding race in class but some voters who
live through 1988 have changed and quite a few others are dead in two thousand eight they're
supplanted in part by an energized African-American electorate and the young voters of all economic
strata who fuel the abama movement movement that many punnets didn't take seriously before i
want and that's some still going cook cook cookie robbers of abc predicted in february the young
voters probably won't show up in november because they never had before and they'll be tired
they'll be tired yeah we're tired of you cookie you old bitch however i'd have touched
mr. abomas with ordinary americans many americans ordinary and not have concluded that the talking
hits blathering about blue collar men religion guns and those incomprehensible youtube young people
are even more kind as sending them out of touch when a washington doya in like married manadal and
frightened branches which are criteria bady lea is a meet the film as she died suddenly it's pure
farce i'm gonna sneeze at second hey well it's typical the syndrome that the man who plays
a reken populist unseen enlude d used this whole bill lies we try saying we don't need another
Ivy Leak educated knucklehead mr doves must know where he speaks since he's hard bird sixty seven
The most revealing moment once they debate was the striking example of this media populist
discontent.
And Mr. Gibson's only passionate query of the night, he tried to strangle our both Democrats
into foregoing any increases in the capital gains tax.
The capital gains tax, that's just the priority Americans are focusing on as they lose their
houses and jobs and his gas prices reach four bucks a gallon.
A subject that murdered only a brief mention, lightning round the final questions I'm going
to seize again.
And this, in a debate that took place on the same day that we learned that the top 50
Hedgeflow managers made it for about $29 billion in 2007, some of them by betting against
the mortgage market.
At least Mr. Gibson is consistent.
In the ABC debate in January, he operated Mrs. Clinton by suggesting that a typical New
Hampshire family of two professors with a joint income in the $200,000 category would
be unjustly penalized by her plan to roll back to Bush tax cuts for the wealthiest
Americans.
He seemed oblivious not really to typical academic salaries, but to the fact that his hypothetical
household would be among America's wealthiest only 3.4% earn more.
And it goes on, it will be on our website tomorrow.
But I don't want to step all over the break.
And I do want to blow my nose.
It is.
The biggest name is the best talent you know.
His real politics is 4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Thank you.
Here.
Well, Canada Day is common collected with the best chance of getting elected in the
United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States is to get elected in the United
The best chance of getting elected in the United States is to get elected in the United
The best chance of getting elected in the United States is to get elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
The best chance of getting elected in the United States.
Hillary Clinton, H.I.W.L.A.R.Y.
Hillary Hillary, she's our guy.
The great state of Arkansas.
She looks like she got off.
Instead of LA law, the Mattie Totally pulled by me.
To vote for Hillary Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton.
Not.
You.
You.
Oh, baby, where's those fucking chickens?
Baby, you know, it's a ducks in a row.
You said, clocking chickens?
Clocking, you know.
Oh, okay.
So here's the new poll up there, which we did the years ago.
And when we did the years ago, we had a ton of votes.
I see the audience is gone, man.
What's their gun?
Yeah.
Which one are you?
Non-Hispanic.
White, 32.
We got 41 votes on the new poll.
Do you keep in track of the totals now?
A chorus?
Yep.
Got 846.
That means you'll need 154 to go to get to a thousand total.
Cuban four.
Four.
Other two.
In other words, other a thing that's not listed on here.
Puerto Rican one, Haitian one, African American one.
None yet for Brazilian, Native American, other Asian, other Hispanic, Japanese, Chinese,
Colombian, Mexican, Nicaragua, or Jamaica.
None.
Out of the first 41 votes.
Interestingly, the first time we did this, it was poll number 81.
So it's a year or so ago.
Or at least one of the first times.
I don't know.
Maybe we've done it more than once.
I guess.
86 Brazilian.
They were like third place behind non-Hispanic, white and Cuban.
They're 86 Brazilians.
So far Brazilians, we got none.
Brazil, maybe they're all watching soccer or something like that.
See if you do talk about soccer more, you know instead of ripping it.
I think you're probably nuts, the problem.
You've been ripping soccer for so long.
Screw soccer, okay?
It sucks.
It blows.
See, one thing about me, I don't pander, okay?
Just like the thing with the Pope and the thing with swillery.
Oh, he was ripping swillery well too bad.
Yeah, they're going to suspend you.
Yeah.
Yeah, then I can quit and go over to that other place for about 150 bucks a week.
Oh, my God, that network that nobody ever heard of before.
So I can say, like that, real shrill with the real heavy New York accent,
with the real Jewish New York accent like that.
And then the media can rave about me.
Oh, my God, he's just a freaking genius and he is, yeah.
That'll be the day when they start calling me genius.
Now let's take a look at how that thing is shaping up.
Well, they didn't know the new poll was on there.
We got neighbors in and we got one.
We got one out of the first 64 votes.
We got in Chinese.
No Japanese.
One.
No Chinese.
Oh, my God.
How I love the Chinese.
So you said the beautiful young Chinese man.
I like the Japanese better person.
No, you're wrong.
Maybe for women.
Well, what did you think I was talking about?
Well, I mean, I just, we're just talking in Jerry.
No, we're not talking about who you're going to be banging tonight.
Oh, yeah.
If he said I like, why would he be wrong?
He said he likes Japanese guys better than Chinese.
Yeah, that's right.
That's what I said.
Yeah.
He said they helped them turn Japanese.
64 votes on the poll.
Well, outside of this is sad.
We're going to see what happens by tomorrow.
Then we'll find out if the honest 73.
Now they're starting to come in and chunks.
Native American.
No engines.
That's your fault.
Why is that my fault?
Because everyone knows that you're a...
That mean was defile.
I'm sorry.
I'm confused.
You look so much like him.
One thing about him.
Well, so many things about him that you've bugged at how to me.
But in the morning I'd come in and once in a while he'd be out there and why he'd be like,
rifling through his wallet and maybe the tip to how he's going to hire something.
Oh, hey, you're giving that.
Did we have like 75 different...
75 different paychecks from 75 different jobs.
And the sum total of all of them wasn't squat.
Well, good for him though.
Well, he was a real go-getter man.
He had to work 100 different drives to E-Cotta living for him and the X-Wife.
I mean...
Now, did they ever get back together again?
Probably died a lot.
Very out of touch.
That was kind of an explosive relationship, you know?
So I heard...
She was pretty...
Pretty pretty.
And then all of a sudden she woke up one day.
I guess and looked at him and thought, oh my god.
82 votes on our survey.
It's not a poll even.
So there ought to be about 14,000 by the time we get out here at 2 o'clock.
Or Chris and I are going to be really pissed off.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Precisely.
Let's get with it.
A lot of people are working now.
They don't have time to...
Or even if they're a work they can, you know,
be corporate time-stealing weasels like Mad Dog always says.
And I wish he'd stop saying it.
Or they can break into some like best buy or something like that
and use somebody else's computer.
And if they like it, it really...
A lot they can just take it home with them.
That's right.
NeilRodgers.com.
That's where you chime in on our polls every day.
It's very important to us.
Anybody believe that?
No.
It's alive.
Tuesday is crunch time for Hillary Clinton.
One of the worst expressions that I hate like poised it's crunch time.
Yeah, crunch this.
Pennsylvania's are said to vote in the Keystone State's crucial primary.
A contest that could save or doom her campaign.
Many observers believe Swolory has to do decisively well in Pennsylvania
to keep party insiders from backing Barack Obama and pushing her to drop out.
Now wait till you're there.
This Clinton needs blowout numbers as Peter Fadendebra credit consultant was
affiliated with either campaign.
According to the AP Tele, Obama leads Clinton in the delegate count 1414 to 1250.
At stake in Pennsylvania, 150 delegates, a Maclatchee survey released yesterday,
which I told you before, shows her leading 48 to 43, 5%.
Fighting to pat her lead, Clinton some they ripped into her opponent for acting like a Republican.
It's no wonder my opponent has been so negative these last few days of the campaign
she told a Pag Jim and Bethlehem pointing to a health care ad from his campaign that she said
opposes universal coverage.
The last thing we need is to ask somebody spending as much money as he has downgrading
universal health care, she said.
That's what the Republicans do.
Her campaign also launched the TV ad accusing Obama of taking cash from lobbyists
and corporations in spite of his pitch that he's not beholden to special interests.
She's running ads now suggesting otherwise, Obama said in writing in this campaign,
I haven't taken their money and nobody can dispute that.
The campaign has fired deeper, spiral deeper deeper to the mud.
Ever since Obama said that small town Americans cling to guns and religion out of economic bitterness,
which of course may be true, but you just can't tell people the truth, especially in Pennsylvania.
Especially in small town, small town hicks.
At the time Obama was gaining on Clinton and Pennsylvania building a double digit lead
in national polls, which has since collapsed according to this, although it was one national poll
news week that showed him over the weekend 19 ports ahead of her nationwide.
Do you see that?
Yep.
The Clinton campaign pounded the issue.
We lentlessly entosted out a few more lines of attack recently, including Obama's association
with that former member of the Weather Underground, which by the way, Mayor Daily says that he happens
to be an upstanding guy and they, etc. and so on.
That was 80 years ago, 140 years ago.
She saw a hole and she's tried to drive through what's at clear, which is the Quinnipiac Poli Institute
who ended up at the back and forth, has gotten Obama off his message in game plan.
Meanwhile, John McCain's level, I would have trod about him, was one of the raised, you know, a few of them didn't hear, a few of them did their big deal.
Anybody in their right mind that's going to spend, raise millions and millions and millions of dollars of other people's money,
especially when they spun their own money like Mitt Romney was doing, remember that?
That worked out pretty good, didn't it?
Yep.
Not.
People with gigantic massive egos and gigantic massive hairdos like Mitt Romney.
What a schmuck.
And they're talking about him as a possible running mate for McCain.
Sure, wouldn't that be great.
They look at all where magic underwear.
How many votes on the new polls?
Either way that spiked you up there now, you're at 905, you're in, I think.
You're in.
You're in.
Remember the you're in, lady?
Yeah.
Which one are you, non-Hispanic white 73?
Cuban 12, other 6, Brazilian 2, Puerto Rican 2, how do we do in Puerto Ricans the first time?
42.
Well, that was out of a lot of votes, you know.
First time we had 2% of the audience was Puerto Rican.
8.6% was Cuban, now it's 11.7% we got to 12 Cubans.
Good.
The living and breathing Cubans, not the old communist, not that crowd.
Not the one-dimensional domino playing people in domino park.
Well speaking of dominoes.
Audio mom B, what?
They're falling, they're dropping like dominoes.
They were getting to be that age.
Well, no, man.
Native American one, we got an engine.
Other Hispanic one, Japanese one, Colombian one, Haitian one, African American one.
Other Asian one, as in like a Ta-Vet.
Ta-Vetcha?
Yeah.
Chetai?
Chinese one, none.
First time we had 68 Chinese, 3.2% of the audience, the Chinese have abandoned us.
Mexican one, well I got all my Mexicans here.
Nicaragua one, and Jamaican, and none mine.
Oh, what the fuck is names?
The best.
George, you're getting really good at making us.
4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Ah, live in Chicago.
Oprah.
All right.
I'm gonna see Darlin.
Oh you, it is so great to be here.
I was worried I wasn't gonna make it.
Really?
Yeah, I was tinned down by sniper fire.
Oh yeah.
You know, you're not feminine enough.
Well, that's very possible.
You also walk like a man.
Well, you first started with testosterone.
And then you made the decision to have your breast removed.
That's obvious.
Now let's get to the penis part.
Did you have like a penis implant?
Yes.
Then I still have the scars.
Do you like rotestical, too?
I have 2002.
Wow.
Bye everybody.
I told you it's got the big pair of several of them.
1246, 14 to 1 at 5, 69 to QAM.
Which one are you?
We got 133 vote that gives us 938.
And Chris thinks that's pretty great.
So you do that?
Fill this around.
39.
39 what?
We have 806 on the previous.
Which one are you?
Chris was looking for A-hole, but it couldn't find it on the list.
We can have it.
No, we don't want to add it.
Non-Hispanic white, 93.
That's almost 70%.
Now the first time we done this, I keep saying the first time.
I wish Eric would find me the date.
This is Paul 81.
Eric, if he's listed, he's probably eaten several lunches.
Wouldn't it be kind of interesting to find out?
Changing demos.
Changing audience, baby.
I remember when we had one.
Wow.
All right, who are they?
They're much older.
They're not young people, but they're coming out.
They're getting out there.
We'll have to see if that happens.
We've been for Hillary Clinton, you know?
What season would we be?
Yeah, we've been.
He's so spastic, man.
He must be hanging out with Richard Quest.
More spastic than in Miami by far.
Are the people that see us watching this clown on there?
We were talking about Bozo before.
Everybody loves the clown.
That's where Gary Lewis said that when he was speaking.
Which one are you?
Non-Hispanic white, 93.
Cuban 14, 10.5%.
Other 7.
We didn't have other one at the first time.
Puerto Rican 3.
Three weekends.
Jamaican 3.
Brazilian 2.
Native American 2.
We got two engines, man.
Other Hispanic 2.
Chinese.
We got a pair of Chinese.
All right.
It ended on May 31, 2000.
But what does that mean?
In other words, it was probably a weekend pull.
Most of them.
They get over 2000 votes.
Are you kidding?
Are you smitten me?
Am I right?
Yeah.
So this is like eight years ago we did this pull.
Pretty interesting to see how the audience is.
I mean, they're grown.
African American 2.
Japanese 1.
Colombian 1.
Haitian 1.
Other Asian non-Mexicans non-Nicaragua non.
How many caraguan we have before?
22.
1%.
Now we got no%.
But it'll build, man.
It'll build, it'll grow.
It'll become...
And maybe we'll leave it on there all week for like for the next month.
Like that, how easy.
Like that, how easy.
Like that, how easy.
I checked that this morning just make what he feel good.
Foodie, footsie, whatever his name is.
Footsie.
And guess what pull is taking today?
Where can you find the best burger in South Florida?
May 31st, 2000 was a Wednesday.
Really?
Yep.
And that's when it ended?
Yep.
So this was a one day survey eight years ago back when we had this gigantic audience here on QAM.
And now, oh my god, now.
Wow, we're gonna struggle again like who knows how many?
What evil works?
And I write to her, we were talking about it before the show.
We know.
We know what's going on.
Don't blame us.
Oh, but Neil, it's not like he used to be.
Well, you know, something like that.
Like he used to be.
That ate our fault either.
Gas ain't 39 cents a gallon anymore either.
We didn't self-sensor ourselves.
Okay, right.
Everything that was amusing, everything that was entertaining, everything that was like...
had people peeing in their pants.
That's all gone.
And you know what they say?
Once it's gone.
You get it.
You got the FCC on one hand.
You got that bitch Joyce on the other hand.
You got Jolly Jo and between who's just, you know, like Bozo.
Oh, you know, he's good humor man.
And I wouldn't say he's a tough negotiator because he doesn't negotiate.
He just may...
Like you'll find out when you sit...
have your sit down with him if it happens.
Yeah.
He doesn't negotiate.
He just makes you an automator.
Okay.
Here's what it is.
Now come back to me with a counteroffer and then you come back and I'll say,
well that was the outside limits of what you can possibly do.
That was it.
That's it.
And you'll say, yeah, but I'm...
And he'll look at you like, don't even finish the sentence.
I don't want to get you depressed.
I'm just preparing you.
The other.
And maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe he likes you so much that he wants to give you a humongous raise.
May be the case.
The fact that you're going to be very soon by the way it's almost the end of April.
My God.
And then the middle of June is when we start...
I better start giving you all those vacation time.
Yeah, you should.
All right.
Well, I haven't figured it out yet.
What would?
Eric says, we may have let it run for a few days.
The previous poll ended on the 26th of Friday.
So we'd let it run for a few days.
That's what he says you may have.
Or did you like disappear for a couple days that day and there was no polls or something, you know?
I don't think so.
I said I was on vacation now.
We can George was screwing off, you know.
That would never happen with it George.
All the time.
Or are you kidding me?
No, I probably let it run for a few days.
We've done that once in a very often.
Not for a few months like what's your favorite burger in South Florida?
What's your favorite burger, Futsi?
Well, that red note is can you imagine the snot that's in that red note?
Oh my God.
You think it's food on his upper lip but it's not.
149 you got.
We got any...
Oh, we're starting to fill in the categories.
We got a Columbia.
We got a Japanese.
No Mexicans and no Nairaewans.
Well, that's all the Mexicans are here now.
Yeah, you important.
I beg your pardon?
You important?
I'm going to tell Lou Dobbs you do it.
I'm not reporting.
I'm supporting.
Yeah, Lou Dobbs at Fat Faced Park.
By the way, that's your big hero.
He is such a phony man.
He is so full of crap.
Fat Faced Phony.
That's all he knows about.
All the destruction of the middle class and the illegal aliens.
Oh, but I'm going to put it in the middle of the aisle.
God.
On speaking of that, I'm going to say I spread some money around.
Too bad I wasn't smoking.
I'd probably be dead.
Because I'd probably get a piece of this assettlement.
Tens of thousands of ill Florida smokers and families of those who died
are lining up for a share of a $600 million fund created by major tobacco companies
as part of a 14-year-old lawsuit against cigarette manufacturers.
The Florida Supreme Court in 2006 threw out a massive $145 billion dollar damage
award in the case, but the tobacco companies had previously set up the fund to be paid out
even if the appeal failed.
Last week, a Miami judge heard of the money divided equally among all Florida smokers
who became ill before November 21st, 96.
It applies to people across the state of Florida, said at Trinity Bob Kelly,
who had it Monday as formal represent about a thousand smokers or family members.
The total number of people who could qualify is estimated between 10 and 50 thousand.
George is a heavy smoker.
Yep.
Don't you want your piece of the action?
Yes I do.
Piece of pie.
On notice dated Friday from Circuit Judge David C. Miller, not to be confused with the outstanding
Harness driver at the MetaLands Dave Miller or Andy Miller, sets a registration deadline of June 16th
for the Angle Trust Fund name from IMEVP Detrition Howard Angle, who laid the original group
that filed the lawsuit in 94.
Applications can be made over filed by the Internet will be available later this week at
www.AngleTrustFund.com
People who seek damages must submit proof of illness such as cancer, infusement, heart disease
that are linked to cigarette smoking.
Some of the people involved in the case in the beginning are unhappy that Miller decided to distribute the money equally
rather than focus on the original class.
Greg Dyser, a 55 year old Hollywood man suffering from infusement of the Realms, said he was initially told him how to get as much as 28 million.
Now it will be just a fraction of that.
It's like winning the lottery.
You think he won 25 million and after taxes in all that other crap, you get about 50 cents.
It just seems wrong.
It's getting way off track, Dyser said it's not supposed to be opening up the floodgates.
Well, maybe if he wouldn't have smoked so much, he wouldn't have had that foreseeable.
What do you think?
Greg?
Yeah.
I don't want to sound insensitive.
I hope Greg gets himself a couple million dollars. Maybe he'll send half to me then.
And I'll give you guys each a few bucks.
Well, George anyway.
Chris, I don't know.
Please?
Please what?
I mean, Mr. Postman?
Yeah.
The husband and wife attorneys who filed the original lawsuit standly in Susan Rosenblatt did not immediately return a telephone call.
Today, she can comment.
Miller also ordered last week the Rosenblatt's to be paid 218 million out of the tobacco trust fund, which is estimated more than 800 million dollars.
But I sure like those Rosenblatt's.
You know what?
Stand in Sue, my good personal friends.
Maybe they like this show where they're going to send me 20, 30 million.
I'd send you guys a check.
A few cents.
But 30 million.
That's it.
When it tossed out the original damage award, the state Supreme Court have held the jury's findings that the tobacco company sold dangerous products and hid the dangers of the smoking.
No kidding.
Just like the people who manufacture all those products loaded with sugar.
They're doing the same thing, but nobody does anything about that.
They're killing me.
But of course nobody forced me to have that rich dessert at Morton's the other night.
But you just have to.
You know, hot desserts.
Mm-hmm.
After a really hot meal.
Mm-hmm.
I'm going to tell you what really kept it off the state was sensational, but those those sauteed onions and sliced sauteed mushrooms.
That is just to die for.
Sounds good.
The tobacco company official said they would vigorously defend themselves against the individual lawsuits.
They also questioned whether people would be able to prove that misleading statements in cigarette advertising or key factor in their decision to smoke.
So you bet.
Once then, taste good like a cigarette should you bet you.
I was always hoping to meet up with the Marlboro man, not not my type.
The defendant companies were Philip Morris, call for Philip Morris, remember Johnny?
No you don't.
No.
He was a little guy with a cap.
You say, call for Philip Morris.
That's back when we had cigarette advertising.
That was those are the days.
RJ Reynolds tobacco company, Brown and Williamson, Lohr Lard and the Ligit group, part of Ligit Vector Brandt.
Ligit, Ligit, Ligit.
So did they come and explain that to you?
No, they ain't gonna answer it right away.
They don't have a good answer for any of the things they do on this radio station.
You think I'm so dumb?
Well, at least they're consistent though, because it's really stupid and it makes no sense.
That's right, it's not.
Yes.
I think it's named the best talent.
There is no Rogers, 4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
Well, I was shopping at the store for some food.
Buying groceries never felt so good.
Too bad I didn't know my credit was waxed.
Store security was breached in the database.
Got a CRAP that spells me.
My credit is crap.com baby.
I'm as crude as I can be.
Thought about killing myself, maybe.
Now instead of eating, couldn't get in fact.
My identity was stolen and now my life is just crap.
CRAP that spells me.
My credit is crap.com baby.
101 at 560 degrees.
I said that several times because we still can.
For them.
You know why?
Why?
Because you didn't ask.
Well, that's right.
Don't ask and then they won't tell.
Sure, we'll tell you no.
Don't talk to that bitch.
I'm telling you right now.
Don't say, hey Joyce, can we say crap?
No, no, run.
That's excretory activity.
It's something, you know.
She'll come up with some far-fetched garbage.
Far-fetched garbage?
Yeah.
184 on your survey.
What do you got?
$9.89?
$9.90?
$9.90.
What did I tell you?
You are the pole guy.
I'm the pole expert man.
My whole adult life.
I've been surveying poles.
Really?
You waited till you got to be an adult?
Yeah, about 30.
Very sad.
All of them are in high school.
We used to know, I keep telling you this.
We used to have to swim naked in the pool.
I know what a bunch of pervert pedophile
fagots those teachers and principals were.
I don't know.
The administrators of that school.
My gym teacher seemed like a pretty macho guy.
Uh-huh.
How about that?
Yeah.
Of course, what did I know from macho back then?
I bet he was very macho.
Very manly and into manly things.
His name was Frank Frantel, I do believe.
I think that was his name.
Not Alice Frantel.
Frank Frantel.
He was the coach.
Uh-huh.
And we used to have to swim.
He wasn't the one that made those decisions.
I mean, it was a policy.
Whoever it was.
Well, some queens.
Right.
Who wanted all the kids to swim naked and see each other's body.
Some people thought it was like a Catholic.
What?
Probably some Catholic priest.
I didn't go to no Catholic school or chemistry.
Yeah, but that doesn't mean there's no more Catholics in there, you know?
Not if we could help it.
John McCain cut to fist and began pumping it up and down
alongside of his body.
I was a gesture familiar to a participant in the closed-door meeting
of the Senate Committee, who hoped that it merely signals that it sometimes had in the past.
McCain's nodding frustration with one of his colleagues.
But when McCain lead toward LaLine, toward Charles Grassley, and slowly said,
my friend, it seemed clear that ugly this was looming.
While the plural of my friends was usually a warm-sad adaptation from McCain,
my friend was offered a credit to his most caustic attacks.
Grassley and I were Republican with the reputation as an unwavering legislator.
Comely held his ground.
McCain became angrier, his fist pumping even faster.
It was early 1992, and the occasion was in formal gathering away
a slut committee investigating lingering issues about the Vietnam War prisoners
and those missing in action most notably,
whether any American servicemen were still being held by the Vietnamese.
It's unclear precisely what issues set off McCain on that day,
but at some point, he mocked Grassley to his face and used a profanity to describe him.
Grassley stood and accorded two participants in the meeting told McCain,
I don't have to take this, I think you should apologize.
McCain refused to apologize and stood to face Grassley.
There was some shouting and shouting between them, but no punches because the spectator,
who said that Nebraska Democrat Bob Kerry helped break up the altercation, the situation.
Grassley said recently it was a very long period of time before he and McCain
even spoke to each other again, the way the clients who were spokesman
had discussed the specifics of the incident.
And they have to do with investment.
Number one, investment in infrastructure.
You know, when you think about...
Raxon, Pennsylvania man, there's the United States president.
Since the beginning of McCain's public life,
the many witnesses to his temper have had strikingly different reactions to it.
Some depict McCain now, they presumptive, why did they keep saying that?
Some depict him as an erratic hothead and keep them all staying cool
in the face of what he views as either disloyalty to him
or rational opposition to his ideas.
Others praise a firebrand who was resolute against the forces of greed and gutlessness.
Does he get angry? Yes, said Senator Jew Lieberman.
They can etiquette independent, who's a tie to McCain's hip.
But it's never been enough to blur his judgment.
If anything, his passion and occasional outbursts of anger have made him more effective.
Jew Lieberman be sane.
I wonder if Jew Lieberman had a reason to pace off.
Former Senator Bob Smith, New Hampshire Republican Express's worries about McCain,
his temper would place this country at risk in international affairs
and the world perhaps in danger he said, my mind, it should just qualify him.
A spokesman from McCain's campaign said he'd be unavailable for an interview
on the subject of his temper, but over the years,
no one's written more in and out of McCain's outbursts than McCain himself.
My temper has often been both a matter of public speculation and personal concern
he wrote in the 2002 memoir.
I have a temper to state the obvious, which I've tried to control,
with varying degrees of success, because it does not waist here my interest or the publics, he'd be sane.
That temper has followed him throughout his life, McCain acknowledges.
He would cause his writings how as a toddler, he sometimes held his breath and fated during moments of fury.
Like how it would be, I guess.
You think?
Good point, I like it.
I held his breath and passed out.
How you with mad as hell, but I looked at him thinking that he was...
Oh!
And you're supposed to play the guy on the floor.
Oh, sorry.
As the son of a naval officer was honest with him becoming a four-star admiral,
McCain found himself frequently uprooted and rolled in new schools where, as an honor free underappreciated outside,
he developed a little bit of a chip under his shoulder, he recalled earlier this month.
During a campaign stop at Episcopal High School in Alexandria,
the most famous graduate of the class of 54 opened a window on what swirled him inside during his school years.
Wouldn't you like to be the most famous graduate of your high school like I am?
That's pretty cool.
Are you excited?
Mm-hmm.
Wow.
That's a real feather in my crap.
I was always the new kid and was accustomed to prove myself quickly in each new school as someone not to be challenged lightly,
he told students, as the young man I would respond aggressively and sometimes irresponsible to anyone who perceived to have a question in my sense of honor and self respect,
those responses often got me in firm out of trouble earlier in life, he said.
He defied authority, ridiculed other students, sometimes fought.
The nickname sang a minute Episcopal mocked his hair trigger, feistyness, punk and mcnasty.
Hoping to emulate his father and grandfather also an admiral, he went out of the Naval Academy,
where his pattern about ruinists and defiance continued, landing here at the bottom of his class,
I acted like a jerk he wrote of the period before he write to himself to become an naval aviator, aviate and on POW,
and eventually career politician.
I acted like a jerk and he's still doing it.
And there's Ali Feltzig again with that stupid vest on.
It might be an inflection point, it might be a ten...
The trajectory of his temperance studied even more intently as his White House ambitious and so-shaped,
includes incidents from his years in the House and sent, leading up to the early days of his current presidential campaign.
In 2007, during a heated closure of discussion with Senate colleagues about the contentious immigration issue,
he angrily shouted at a profanity and fellow Republican John Corinan of Texas and incident that quickly found its way in the headlines.
Reports recently serviced a representative Rick Renzi in Arizona Republican taking offense with McCain,
when McCain called him boy, once to often during a 2006 meeting, a story that McCain hates confirm while playing down its importance.
Renzi flared and he was prickly, McCrain's strategist, Mars Alder said, but there were no punches or things like that.
Then it goes on, it's great like that, enough with him and his temper, he's a crazy person.
And I would assume that probably most crazy people have a hair trigger temper, right?
Among other things, that's what it means to be crazy, you don't have to make any sense at all.
That's him, that's insane, McCain, McBush.
How we doing on Chris's survey here, I bet you we got over a thousand votes, I'll told. Yes, we do. That's what I've been told.
And we do, it's only one-o-wait, and we got 200 on the new survey, it's only a survey. That's a thousand-six...
And you doubted me, you doubted that we could ever do it, well I had a cheat a little bit, but what's wrong with that?
I can't cheat in A-trim.
That's right.
Which are you?
Non-Hispanic white, 140.
70% of the first time back in March of two, what was it, May of 2008, years ago?
64.6% of the honest was white, non-Hispanic white.
Cuban, 18, 9%, was 8.6%, that's gone up a little bit.
Other 10, Jamaican 5-mon, 5 Jamaicans.
African-American 5, Native American 3, we got 3 engines.
Other Hispanic 3, Colombian 3, Reacon 3, Haitian 3, Brazilian 2.
Other Asian 2, Chinese 2, Japanese only 1.
Mexican and Nicaragua in both none, both have the big...
Oh, what about that is?
I don't know.
How come we don't have any Mexicans?
They're too busy.
Great name.
I don't know about that.
Maybe because what's your name?
Is there any more Isabel de Cassada to say, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, like that?
Nicaragua.
Remember those days?
Nope.
I do.
Used to really frost everybody's noise.
Even people from Nicaragua just speak English, okay?
You're on an English speaking news station, you silly as bitch, Isabel de Cassada.
God.
I'll tell you one thing, that whole bilingualism thing works really, really, really well.
Just check out Dave County, check out the Montreal.
It works sensational man, nothing like it.
Am I right?
Yes.
Yep.
National average on Lada Gasoline in San Francisco, 397 Chicago 372 in Miami.
Oh no, Atlanta 3.49, they don't have Miami.
Who cares about Miami?
Almost four bucks now for a Lada of Regular and San Francisco.
And you know why?
Because so many people there are gay.
That's right.
That's Banda R. Bush and W's way of getting even with the facts who don't support him.
You do know that.
I do them.
That's what that's all about.
How is our governor doing by the way?
Is he still gay?
I guess so.
Still in the closet?
Come on Charlie, come out whenever you want.
It's good enough for Mark Foley.
Now you know for sure that one of these days somebody, one of his boyfriends from over the years,
this is going to start spilling the beans.
Surprise, it hasn't happened already.
Yeah, oh, they will.
Especially since now they keep talking about him being possible, running made for insane McCain.
Wouldn't that be something to have a gay closet candid?
Chris, he got swallery.
At least, you know, she and Bubba did at least once.
Because they got privacy.
They got that bizarre looking thing.
I mean, is he bizarre?
She is strange.
And I'm sure that if you know with all the money that they've got that $109 million bucks,
I'm sure they could probably take her to some hairdresser where she could get a nice do.
And you know, dollars sell up a little bit.
Look a little bit human maybe.
That's what I'm always being told.
You know, come on, try to look a little human.
In my case, not easy, but I'm trying.
Maybe in her case, impossibly, you think?
You can only do so much, you know?
Yeah, I know.
And of course, the Carter is now who?
Amy Carter.
She was another trod with I.
Yes.
I want to just check because it's got this thing about the attacks in Nigeria,
pushing up the oil prices over $117 bucks a barrel.
That was earlier.
That was in the beginning of the show.
Oh, the loody is $99.44.
And thank God they moved it before I saw the ERO.
And by the way, from my listener out there who's been asking me about Berlin,
and I promised him I would try to do some research and homework for him.
I don't know.
I mean, the ERO is like a buck 60.
How are you going to get, what kind of value are you going to get the oil over there?
Unless he's got tons of money, which I don't think he does.
Did you snort?
No, I didn't snort.
I hit my glasses on a microphone.
Which I never do that.
But I'm trying to look at the TV.
Oh, $1,1573.
$115.73.
What a bargain.
Roll out the barrel.
That's by a whole bunch of it before two o'clock before the show ends.
Don't forget George will be a Gulf Stream this Friday again,
from 10 to 2.
And the Derby, is that this Friday or the next Friday?
This Friday.
When I was saying before that it's an honor to the Derby being the following Saturday.
Well, it'll be like a, I don't know.
Wait.
I got a double check on that.
At least this Friday, but he might have been confused.
I think I might be wrong.
I think it's next Friday.
I think it's next Friday.
Maybe for Derby Day.
But whatever.
Kacerah, Sarah.
That Doris Day.
Could she sing or could she bell out a tune?
No.
Kacerah.
Now what will we was that from my Alfred Hitchcock movie?
Was it?
Yes.
Nudes to me.
Kacerah.
Doris Day.
And Carrie Grant.
Was it North by Northwest?
I don't know.
Look it up.
Google it.
113 in the Kentucky Derby, what is for its most anticipated event,
take place a week from Saturday.
Saturday May 3rd.
There's no better place to experience all the action in Gulf Stream Park than
he's in Premier watching Wager facility.
As an added bonus to local fans, big ground.
Winner of Gulf Stream's Florida Derby will be running in the race.
They'll miss a chance to root a mountain while sipping on a traditional
mint julep.
And while the big race is the big story, there's a full day of activities
playing at Gulf Stream with something rare for everybody.
All day they're giving away great prizes like laptop computers,
GPS system, digital cameras and lots more.
And for the ultimate thrill seekers that have on display,
the world's most exotic power boats.
It's horse power meets horse power.
Plus only Gulf Stream Park features Vegas style slots,
an old limit folk aromain to latest video poker games,
and fabulous dining at 10 palms or Christine Leeds.
No mistake in Tucky Derby May 3rd at Gulf Stream Park.
Admission itself parking are free, call 9-5-4-4-5-4-7-1000 or
go online to GulfstreamPark.com.
Gulf Stream Park on Federal Highway in Halendale.
The best out of two is no projects.
4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Gil.
God.
Just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going
to come next Tuesday at 4.30pm.
And the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug
all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets,
and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces.
The post office recommends that you mail early in the day.
And for those with automobiles, alternate side of the street parking
will be suspended.
That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 4.30pm.
Mark it down.
Warmercam.
Mr. Cam.
This is Clear Channel.
We're prepared to offer you.
Let's see, there's my Mickey Mantle rookie card.
Norma Cant.
Hello, Mr. Cant.
This is XM.
We're looking for an anchor show for our network.
And would you...
Where's my ed crane pool?
There it is.
Norma Cant.
Hello, Mr. Cant.
This is Mel Thomas.
I'm a full-annocating flyman, Mark.
Throwing very...
Norma Cant.
Oh, joebell here.
Hi, Joe.
I'm just calling to let you know an agreement for war.
A museum of nothing to go nowhere is still underway.
Oh, ho, ho!
OK.
Ooh.
I find my school is Joe Jackson card with her ringtone.
Ba-la.
Ba-la-la.
Ba-la-la.
Ba-la-la.
I'm pretty cheese-duff, or something, that we have no Mexicans
and no deGralewans on our survey.
It must be busy.
What?
It must be busy.
Busy doing what?
He's working.
Working.
Yeah.
Mexicans working?
You know it.
I don't know any that don't.
Sir.
Do you?
Chris?
I don't think I know many Mexicans.
All the ones I know work.
Like go on.
Where are the spots I did for Exotica over the weekend on the beach?
Yes.
Well, in a hero that says porn past her brings Jesus to Exotica.
And it's written by Andres Amerikaner.
Really?
What kind of a name is that besides fake?
Andres Amerikaner?
He's been Amerikaner?
It was business as usual at the Appointment Commission.
It says, the loudest orgasm competition cleared over the loudspeakers.
A cowgirl engaged in a fierce battle with a mechanical bull.
A Ponchi man crained his neck to catch the exposed backside of a scatily clad star.
Back then.
That's right.
And then there was Jesus.
Thousands of attendees attended this weekend's Exotica.
I mean, beach the largest adult entertainment event on these coasts would go home to find deep inside their goodie bag.
A sizable chunk of the new testament of the title.
Jesus loves porn stars.
But he liked that.
All this fancy of Craig Gross, a 32-year-old former youth pastor in Southern California,
when set up his booth for his first triple-life church, which he started six years ago to fight back against rampant internet pornography use, deep inside the belly of the beast.
Gross and his crew of volunteers, all women in their late teens early 20s, were passing off deceptively packaged bibles to attendees.
There was no preaching or judging only smiles and friendly conversation.
It was a little light in the dark room, said Gross, standing next to a pile of 4,000 bibles he planned to give away over the weekend.
I feel like we're planting lots of seeds.
Oh, yeah, those villages in this they sure like planting the seed.
Sure.
Like the Muslims, for example.
My God.
Gross, who's known to some as the porn pastor, is his unconventional and his appearance as his methods.
Piercing green eyes, jutting cheekbones, they old stubble and straight dark hair that cascades over his forehead.
He wears tatter jeans and a t-shirt, has black studs on both his ears, and sports a heart-shaped tattoo on his right forearm.
These days, it's up for pretending conversations.
He's been to about 20s, said he tours colleges, staging debates with the bell, entertainment megastar, Ron Jeremy.
How do you like that?
Staging debates with adult entertainment megastar, Ron Jeremy.
He has two children ages five and two in his wife travels with him, handing out bibles with the rest of the volunteers.
Ron Jeremy.
What a sex pot.
It's like a human furball.
It's what you are, Ron.
How come he don't help, Alfred, see now?
I don't know.
I mean, he's a big, he's a megastar, is what it said there in his team on TV, all these stupid shows now.
He's everywhere.
He fancies himself as a real celebrity.
And because he's double-joyed, I guess the TV produces a degree, you know.
Sunday morning at 10.30, well let's see, this is that was yesterday.
As Wabish explaining his work, Gross brings up the story of Zacchaeus, Zacchaeus?
Whatever.
A crooked tax collector climbs out of retreat to see Jesus when he comes into town.
Jesus calls him down and invites himself to spend the night in Zacchaeus' home.
That certain involvement is what Gross's spires to, and that's exactly what traditional religion has let him down.
I wonder what Jesus and Zacchaeus were doing?
They've never gotten on the field, said Gross was ordained in the non-denominational East Side Christian Church in Florida, in California.
Shouldn't we go with the problems, eh?
He's never gotten kicked out of a convention, in fact, he, in the span of half an hour,
he was invited to bring his group to a pit bull concert next week and go to a swing fest, a swing party in Dalekspo, taking place in Hollywood, starting July 31.
You hear that? A swing party in Hollywood, July 31, George.
I'll see if anybody wants to go with me.
And certainly not your wife.
At Mines Convention, his neighbor's maybe a Bob Greenle go with him.
Maybe, or Johnny Joe Bell.
Maybe he can negotiate your dealer.
It'll give me an edge.
At Mines Convention, his neighbors included a booth-pawning penis-themed pillows on one side,
and the mechanical bull on the other surrounded by a gaggle of man-mouse-a-gap-snaping photos.
They saw those penis-themed pillows in their mouths were a gage.
Rick Blod, a Brazilian visiting his first convention, was walking briskly down the aisle,
when one of Gross's volunteers placed the book in his hand,
Blunt smiled awkwardly, leaped through the pages, and asked what it was all about.
I think it's a good idea, Blunt, said before heading off the next attraction.
It's good to hear everybody's point of view. Right!
The relationship of convention goers is cordial, never strained,
that in part thanks to his crew of volunteers like 19-year-old Kristen Yavino.
A petite college freshman from Western would blonde hair blue eyes,
and one big advance, he's lost her ability to blush, she said.
I'm used to all kind of questions, she said, she ended up more than 200 books in a few hours.
It was her first time at a convention she learned at Gross's group when she was 14,
she said, there were speaking about things on addressing issues that the church wasn't addressing.
I knew that people had issues with pornography being in college,
it definitely shows up really quick.
Gross knows that handing out some Bible passages is unlikely to change anything on a large scale,
but it hopes to peak people's curiosity.
His site, www.triplelexchurch.com, already gets a half a million visitors a month,
almost half a demand up there by mistake, trying to find actual porn.
Well, what would you expect on www.triplelexchurch.com?
Stuck them in that way. By the way, the man who knew too much
is the movie that you were talking about, Alfred Hitchcock.
Hey, sir, I told you with who?
Doris Day, and James Stewart.
Oh, Jimmy Stewart. Yeah, yes.
Available on the site as what he touts is a practical way to curb pornography addiction,
a program that sends out notices to an accountability partner at a computer visits in adult sight.
Like short term, I get the draw for and grow, so I get why people look at this,
but worries him, though, is the larger effect.
Phrenography is gone mainstream as evidenced by the teeth whitening booths at the Miami Convention Center,
and the smiling curious couples are doing it unusual night out.
It's not like a bunch of sick perverts anymore, he said, I don't see this going away.
And back in the booth, he went, booking his hand his arms outstretched toward the crowd.
I don't know what he was reaching for, but his arms were stretched out.
Well, when it doubt, stretch him out.
How you doing on your pull there, Mr. Chris?
Doing fantastic.
Oh, where are you going?
8,000, so I'll go.
247.
So in other words, you don't care anymore. You've lost your interest.
We got 250, 8 or 6.
So it's 10.56.
No, it's 126.
Oh, OK.
You'd be Georgia by a really good watch. You're like a citizen, like the one I got this.
I got a fossil.
Let's cool.
You got a what?
What is that?
That's what he's calling you.
No, I would never do that to your face.
There you would.
Behind my back.
I know a lot of people talk behind my back.
Which one are you, non-Hispanic white?
172.
We got 250 votes.
172.
Cuban 23.
Other 11.
Other Hispanic 8.
African American 7.
Jamaica 5 month.
Native American 4.
Puerto Rican 4.
Haitian 4.
Colombian.
Oh, look at this.
Everybody's counted for now.
Oh, I feel so much better.
Colombian 3.
Brazilian 2.
Other Asian 2.
Chinese 2.
Japanese 1.
Mexican 1.
And Nicaragua 1.
Thank God.
You got that one.
The best out of the world.
The best out of the world.
4.
I'm 60 km.
The fourth leader.
Believe it.
Oh, right.
Obama tried to put me to the down.
Talking about my nomination.
But now he knows I'll stick around.
Talking about my nomination.
Well, give up my super-judged delegate.
Talking about my nomination.
If he thinks I will, he must be nuts.
Talking about my nomination.
This is my nomination.
This is my nomination, baby.
Black wants me to flip a fade away.
Talking about my nomination.
What else do you think his pastor will say to say?
Talking about my nomination.
I'm not trying to cause a big alter-cook occasion.
Talking about my nomination.
But I'll fight to the death for mine and an nomination.
Talking about my nomination.
This is my nomination, baby.
Hey, nomination rhyme.
It's with legation.
No, 32 of QA.
And you see what the newspaper this is from.
This is from the three you just faxed me from the paint.
Oh, peninsula.
Clarion.
Oh, that's a fair point.
Yeah.
Penisila.
Word of it appropriate.
Church youth leader arrested.
Another one of these isolated incidents.
That's right.
A 46-year-old canine man, this is Alaska.
Was arraigned in Canine District Court.
On Saturday, on three cons.
A secondary sexual assault on a minor.
Richard J. Wagner, a Catholic church youth leader.
Was arrested Friday by Canine Police following an investigation
by the Alaska Internet of Crimes Against Silver and Task Force
looking at a child pornography.
According to an Alaska State Trooper press release,
a Pennsylvania State Trooper conducted an undercover child pornography investigation in January.
The result of the discovery of a substantial amount of graphic child pornography movies,
much of it may alarm mail on a computer and Wagner canine's residence.
Wagner's whatever that is.
Task Force members served a search warrant there Friday and seized multiple items,
including at least 20 pornographic videos on a computer,
according to Canine Police Investigator Dave Ross.
Not the one who used to be a clear channel.
The investigation also revealed Wagner allowed at least two boys to spend the night at his residence
unsupervised, according to troopers.
During police interviews, one of the boys told Canine Police that the alleged sexual abuse
he would have tea parties, who would sit at a table and Mr. Wagner would hide under the table
and remove our clothing.
He would give the boy with the largest penis so homemade chocolate chip cookie,
and then he would tell us that we were all winners in his eyes.
And eventually all the boys were to receive a cookie.
Ross said the investigation is ongoing.
Additional charges may result from work of the task force, which includes troopers,
the FBI, immigration and customs enforcement, and the Anchorage Police.
Following his arrest Friday, Wagner was taken to Wildwood Pre-Trial Facility,
available set at 20 grand, a Paris Bond, 20 grand performance bond.
He'll be required to have a court approved third party custodian, if he's released.
Well, now the rice laid incident, I wonder what the Pope thinks about that, huh?
Probably, sorry, he didn't get involved in the party.
He didn't make them look bad, that's what it's all about.
And the sacrifice of the bucks of that money out of them.
All that money that you fools put in a plate every Sunday,
oh, let's pass the a plate around to give the money for the Lord.
The Lord needs the money.
How can the Lord need the money?
Couldn't the Lord like make his own printing press?
If he made man, and he made all the animals and everything else in the sky and the sun,
and the moon and the cockamoon, how come he can't make his own money?
He can make gold.
I mean, if Mayor D. S. is king, then why can't the Lord do it?
Right?
For Christ's sakes.
276 on the pole.
Which one are you?
I'm not going to read the list.
We got everybody's got one.
Yep.
At least, Mexicans in the carabins, they're sucking wind, man.
Not doing good.
Japanese too.
Chinese three.
Brazilian only two.
How come the first time we done this, the Brazilians, we had a Zenian Brazilian, 86.
Eight years ago, and now we only got two so far.
Of course, we get along way to go.
Where are all the Brazilians gone?
Peter Paul and Mary wanted an adult no.
Where have all, huh?
I don't know.
Maybe they went back.
Maybe they got out.
Maybe they couldn't take it no more in Florida.
Barack Obama predicted Monday today that Democratic presidential rival,
switlery, would get the critical victory she needs in tomorrow's Pennsylvania primary.
He said his goal is to keep it close.
A lot predicting a win he told Pittsburgh radio station KDKA.
I'm predicting it's going to be close and we're going to do a lot better than people expect.
KDKA, a home of the pirates for a thousand years, and Bob Prince and Jim Woods.
And Nelly King.
Home of Bob Kuzma, I believe.
That was KDKTV and Bill Curry.
Remember Bill Curry with a silly bow ties used to the sports?
No, you don't.
Nope.
Clinton aides tried to downplay expectations,
assisting me be grateful for a single digit win.
While the New York Senator began the race with a hefty 20 point lead in several polls in the state,
Obama's extensive campaigning and heavy add-by have significantly cut into switleries lead.
She told supporters in Scranton,
we really need to bear down these last few days.
The whole world is watching.
Laurie London on Capitol Records.
He's got the whole world.
It is his hands, remember that?
Mm-hmm.
You've got it.
Don't play it.
All right.
Okay.
He's got the whole world.
Laurie London.
Is that a boy or a girl?
I don't know.
I don't think Laurie does either.
Clinton was helping a big win could boost her chance at the nomination,
a loss of an increased pressure on her to raise it to race with Obama leading in delegates,
and a popular vote.
The demographic suits will, or if the state's got a higher median age,
you know the only state in the country that's got older population in Pennsylvania?
What's that?
Us.
Yeah.
Florida.
Florida.
Old.
Old.
Even I'm a teenager in Florida.
There were some encouraging signs for Obama, thousands of new voters are registered for the primary.
The largest bounce has been in center of county, home to Penn State,
and Obama tends to fare best among college students.
We've run a tough race here in Pennsylvania.
He said in the radio interview,
Senator Clinton obviously was heavily favored.
She was up 20.
No, we've just been trying to chip away.
Wheeler.
Well, Jack Wheeler, he was on overnight, so KDK, you know something?
A couple of times I called him on here.
I was working in sorry soda, WSBB, and I called.
I would come in real early in the morning, because I would do it in the morning show.
And Jack Wheeler would be on here on KDK, which of course you can hear if the,
no, if the wind's blowing in the right direction at night,
but they're 50,000 months.
And I call him, be on Jack Wheeler, show on the phone.
I guess you're not impressed.
Uh, medium impressed.
Well, it was pretty, I think I did the same thing with Larry Glick a couple of times too,
and now he's a greeter at some, uh, Delhi somewhere at some restaurant.
Poor Larry.
He can't even afford to operate to run his lemonade stands anymore.
The leader than a greeter.
I beg your pardon?
Yeah, I'd rather have a greeter too.
I'd rather have a greeter too, but, you know, isn't Mo also a greeter?
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
Okay, we're about to get a greeter at some restaurant at some, uh,
there was a rumor.
I'd like to be greeter at that kosher deli place.
What is it called?
The famous, the one in having sure that we were raving about that everybody was good.
They got kishki baby.
They got all kinds of good stuff.
Remember that day?
Yep.
And it was on a Thursday.
It was when we had one of our needle deals on and somebody was getting all bent out of shape
because I was promoting somehow, but it's a deli, you know,
the other restaurant was like some seafood.
Am I right?
Yes.
Staying in place.
What is it?
It's a down-tonner.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, what is that kind of place?
It's a very good place.
What is that kind of place?
Well, that's right.
Went down there a couple of, uh, we could go and got a freebie.
No, I use my certificate.
Talk to the guys.
It's right on the water.
Great place, great food.
Yeah.
Where'd you get this certificate?
Um, I think I got it from here.
Hey, listen, more power to you, man.
Make sure that George gives you as many of those as possible because if anybody needs to eat for free,
all the work I said being a big cow like you are,
quick give it to those certificates.
Hey, how else am I going to eat otherwise?
This is marginally interesting.
Okay, and this pool, because you know how I'm with statistics and with numbers.
When you're mailing it in, you've got to use a lot of numbers.
Eight years ago when we did this pool before, which one are you?
64.6% or non-Hispanic white.
Now at 68.2% up a little bit, up to three and a half points.
Do we have the same breakdown though?
I know you said you changed some things around.
The only, the only additional thing on is on there is other.
Okay.
10.1% of this group is a Cuban 8.6% back eight years ago.
How do you like that?
I ate.
That's good.
That's a good sign.
We need you, Cubans out there living in breathing ones.
The ones out running around screaming, come at East out, come at East out.
And I'm sure that all my comments about the pope went over very big in Domino Park.
Come at East out, come at East out.
I'm going to start with a new project.
4.5.6.2 AM.
Thanks.
4th leader.
My queen.
God.
I'm now for today's radio wanted.
Hello, this is Dom Vito Corio.
You know, my family is currently looking for a qualified applicant to write their next hit.
And they're popular with Godfather Movie Farts.
The right now for the job will be a family man because a man who doesn't spend time with
family will never be a real man.
We offer a competitive salary and benefits like total protection and health plans you don't
get sick and God forbid sleep with the fishes.
You'll also be required to pass a drug test because this not college business is going to destroy us
someday.
So drop your manuscript and resume on the mail.
We like your work.
We'll make it off of your camera fuse.
And then maybe your signature or your plans will be on the concert.
Now if you'll excuse me, I'd like to get back to my daughter's wedding.
Call Vito Corio on today because Nelson Szilian can refuse any request on his daughter's wedding day.
Oh, Neil, my queen.
God.
Yeah, that's so good that I want to make sure you heard the other thing.
Well, it was in cue and I was blowing my nose, you know, and all of a sudden I read it over and I hit the button and it was in cue.
So Mr. First happens to all of us.
Well, that's what goes.
Nobody's perfect.
Even me, 145 at QAM.
297.
I told you we're going to go over 13 out of 13.
What is it?
1100.
You counting their fat, so what?
We've already got over 1100.
Yep.
1103.
Oh my God.
I think I'm going to be really sick tomorrow.
That's not good.
I'm not sure if I'm getting a bad cold or if this is allergies.
Everybody's got this time of the year when the season's changed and all of a sudden it's really...
I wouldn't say it's hot, but relatively speaking for here it's hot this time of the year.
A lot of allergy activity going on.
Yeah.
Like Elm and Oak.
And...
Part of these things.
Well, it's the 19th, it's the 66th.
It's going to be the 73th tomorrow, the 72th Wednesday and the 68th Thursday.
And sunny and the rain just beautiful.
My God.
Unbelievable.
Maybe later on like this evening.
It'll be a good day to hop in at Pontiac and tour off to...
Wow.
See if I can lose a couple of thousands.
So Chris can say, oh, gee, are you going there just to give away your money, Neil?
You can send it to me instead.
I wouldn't say that.
There you were.
That's what you're thinking.
No.
You think you're going to rather send the money to me and to George and give it away to those grave robbers it would buy?
No.
Whatever.
It's my money, baby.
It's my entertainment.
Believe me at this stage of my life, there ain't too much of that.
Do it.
So here with Nikki Royal.
Nikki Royal begins sides.
Alex Winger.
What is he talking about?
I don't know.
I'm just making noise, making sounds with my mouth.
147 at 560 W.
He only got the Jurch Show.
He's still out today at 2 o'clock.
Boy, that's screwing up all your arrangements.
Not bad.
He's George was going to do a couple hours himself between two and four.
I thought you were anticipating, you know.
I was.
But you were.
What are you talking about?
You're the one that kept coming up with dates for the demise of that show.
Oh, but yeah, but they're not going to replace it with anything anybody's going to want to listen to.
Oh.
I forgot.
David Barstow in New York Times.
This is not to really cross your ass.
Behind TV analyst Pentagon's hidden hand.
In a summer 2005, the Bush administration confronted a fresh wave of criticism over Guantanamo
Bay.
The detention center had just been branded the gulag of our times by Amnesty International.
There were new allegations of abuse from UN Human Rights experts and calls reminding
for its closure.
The administration's communication experts responded swiftly.
Early on Friday morning, they put a group of retired military officers on one of the
jets normally used by Dick Cheney and flew into Cuba for a carefully orchestrated tour
of Guantanamo.
To the public, these men are members of a familiar fraternity presented tens of thousands of
times on TV and radio as military aimless whose long service has equipped them to give
authoritative and unfettered judgments about the most pressing issues of the post-911
world.
Hidden behind the appearance about the activity, though, is the Pentagon Information
Apparatist that has used those aimless in the campaign to generate favorable news coverage
to the administration's wartime performance and examination by the New York Times has
found.
Be showing.
The effort which began with a build-up to the Iraq War continues to this day as sought
to exploit ideological and military allegiances and also a powerful financial dynamic.
Most of the aimless have tied to military contractors vested in the very war policies
that are asked to assess on the air.
Those business relationships are hardly ever disclosed to the viewers and sometimes
not even to the networks themselves, but collectively the men on the plane and several dozen
other military aimless represent more than 150 military contractors, either as lobbyists,
senior executives, board members or consultants.
The companies include defensive heavyweights but also scores of smaller companies, all
part of a vast assembly of contractors scrambling for hundreds of billions of military
business generated by the administration's war on terror.
It is a furious competition one in which inside information and easy access to senior
officials are highly prized.
Records in any of you show how the Bush administration is used its control over access
and information and the effort to transform the aimless into kind of a media trojan
horse and instrument intended to shape terrorism coverage from inside the major TV and radio
networks.
Aimless have been moved in hundreds of private briefings with senior military leaders,
including officials with significant influence over contracting and budget matters record
show, they've been taken on tours of Iraq and given access to classified intelligence.
They've been briefed by officials from the White House, State Department of Justice,
Department of Including Mr. Cheney, Alberto Vio, five Gonzalez and Steven J. Hadley.
In turn, members of this group have echoed administration talking points, sometimes
even when they suspected the information was false or inflated.
Some analysts acknowledge they suppressed doubts because they feared jeopardizing their
access.
A few expressed regret for participating in what they regard as an effort to dupe the
American public with proper gander dressed up as independent military analysis.
It was them saying, we need to stick our hands up your back and move your mouth for you,
Robert S. Palavacqua, a retired Green Brain former Fox News and Aimless said.
Keith Allard, former NBC military analyst who has taught information more filthy, national
defense university, said the campaign amounted away sophisticated information operation.
This was a coherent active policy, he said.
As conditions interacted deteriorated, Mr. Allard recalled, he saw yawning gap between what
analysts were told in private briefings and what subsequent inquiries and books later
revealed.
Night in day, Mr. Allard said, I felt we've been hosed.
They got hoes, how do you like that?
The hose knows not that the media would ever like to store what's going on in the world
or the uses of a bunch of courses.
No, boy, I think it would be real sick tomorrow.
It all depends.
All depends if I feel like working or not.
I won't say that.
Don't say that because then jolly Joel coming, oh, where's Neil today?
What's going on?
Is he off of another one of those bustsmen's holidays?
I'll make something up.
Why?
I'll make something up here, say you're in rehab.
It's just a little sniffle, that's all it is, a little sniffle.
Maybe I can have some deli, that'll really go jump my mother's ball.
Is Montseball soup, what's Montseball's got to do?
Is shekin soup?
Ignit.
No, that's good for her.
I know, I know.
I'm saying.
It's good.
That'll clear you out, when and doubt.
It's a sound effect I used to be able to drop in there.
Here's the survey so far, 307.
That's 1113, I believe.
Am I right, yes?
Chris?
Yes.
Huh?
Which one are you?
Non-Hispanic white, 213?
Cuban 29.
Other 11.
Other, what can other be like?
Chechin?
Well, you can put any of the Middle Easterners on there, like, you know, Arabs and Jews.
Oh, yeah.
What do you mean Jews?
What?
Or do you mean Hispanic white?
Is Jews?
What about the Arabs?
You're the mother.
You're brother.
You're brother.
What would you put on there?
Middle Eastern.
Sure.
African-Americans 9.
Other Hispanic 8.
Jamaican 6.
Native American 5.
Puerto Rican 5.
Colombian 4.
Haitian 4.
Other Asian 3.
Chinese 3.
Brazilian 2.
Japanese 2.
Mexican 2.
And Nicaragua and Sulemente Uno.
And what's the other one we're putting on there?
Middle Eastern.
Middle Eastern.
And my other's already put on there, like, uh, from out of this world.
Space Cadet.
What's your biggest name?
The best talent.
The moon in the image.
4.
Title 560 QAM.
Name.
Fourth.
Leader.
It's David.
If I have a towel.
At 560 WQA.
I'll blow out red.
You fairy.
I'll blow out red.
You fairy.
Don't lie.
All the heartburn.
Don't, don't, don't.
Every time I see.
Don't, don't, don't.
That's retarded, dim witch.
Don't, don't, don't.
All my TV.
He's President of the ****.
Republican muscle in.
And in our tankin' idiot.
I don't know why they want this guy.
But now he's here.
First through the next four years.
With President of the ****.
Oh, he's got ****.
Oh, what I can do.
No one's once more.
And yet we all voted for.
If you want this.
Don't, don't, don't.
Lift drum and stupid teeth.
Don't, don't, don't.
And this drunkin' bitch kid.
Don't, don't, don't.
He's even number than me.
He's President of the ****.
Yeah, don't care what it took.
You got him in by hook or frog.
The Chris with all his clothes.
You and I have a health on fear.
We've got a great leader here.
With President of the ****.
President of the ****.
President of the ****.
President of the ****.
Bye, bye, bye.
The biggest names of the best talent.
And your hold for Miami Dolphins football.
Sports radio 560 WQAM.
Miami for the Lutterdale.
Bobby, because he's a hot for no other boy.
I'm a Catholic.
