The music expressed on the previous program.
Talk about a lineup.
Did you hear the names he just mentioned?
Jurch Jurch Street, Drew Rosenstein, and Alex Marvez.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
Oh my God.
You're listening to Sports Radio 560.
Say thanks, Ojo.
QAM.
Please say thanks, Ojo.
A lot of Dale.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
before we wrap up,
4 passings
I rather have my religion.
I want to talk about
560 DWP AM.
Have acenter me
on tv
at the mieć
that blowback
Okay.
I was watching television
Made one night
But when an economy expert gave his deep insights, he said the market will improve and begin to rise.
When suddenly, to my surprise, I saw the price.
I saw the market's price.
The old investments were trained.
In the case, in an autumn in a france, I saw the market crash.
That economic expert had seen very wise,
with a swaps and figures, an optimistic guy.
So it was rather scary to say the things.
To see old-low stocks become deceiving.
I saw a crash.
I saw the market crash.
The market crash.
Investment losses were far.
It is a crash.
Let's hope the crash doesn't work.
It is a crash.
I saw the market crash.
10101 at 560 WQM.
Happy day before Thanksgiving.
We're all going to be gone tomorrow.
No Chris, no George, no me.
Right.
Beasts in Jesse are supposedly going to be what?
I said no, who way?
Beasts in Jesse.
But Jesse may not be here tomorrow.
He's got an illness in the family or something like that.
And the beast, of course, is going to illness between his ears.
So maybe we'll just have dead air for four hours, Tom.
Why you can eat?
Eat, eat, eat.
That's right.
Just shovel it down your push and keep in mind Thanksgiving is one of the most dangerous meals of the year.
It's not a meal.
It's an all-day eating affair that goes on.
Not just on Thanksgiving day, but in the subsequent days with all the leftovers.
George is going to be shoveling stuff with a shovel, literally.
And of course, fat Chris, he just eat only when you're silverware just with his hands.
I'll have more stuff and it'll be just picking it up with his hands and shoveling it down his push.
Haven't had any more of that KFC popcorn chicken.
I sure did like that.
Maybe that's what I'm going to do now.
Let you guys do this show and I'll hop in the event.
Yeah, right.
Are they open yet for lunch?
No, it's probably too early.
How do people determine when other, I guess, no, they do marketing studies and they figure when people start eating lunch as supposed to.
When they finish like Mickey D's, if you want like a burger at 1045, you're not going to get it.
Correct.
They serve breakfast to 11 and at 11 o'clock sharp, they sign up on top of you.
They press a button and just like that, the sign changes from breakfast to lunch.
And then the good stuff comes out there.
Who the hell wants that breakfast cramp?
And why do they put egg on stuff?
Why do they put egg on some of these things?
A lot of people like egg.
A lot of people don't like egg.
That's like on the airplane when it gives you like two choices of the meal and one is always fish.
A lot of their enormous numbers of us who don't like fish.
It's chicken or fish.
It's chicken or well, what's the fish that they usually offer you?
We're on the airplane.
Sam and his one of them and then there's another one.
I came to the tilapia.
I don't know what it is.
Crap.
Even the smell of it's enough to make you bust the window and jump out of the plane.
There's somebody trying to open the door where 37,000 feet in the air and he's trying to open the door.
Get out of here.
Yeah, kind of get away from that smell.
That's stench.
Now I will say this all the flying I've done over the years.
Other than that woman and her little kid.
Remember my first trip back from Amsterdam nine and a half hours in coach?
That was my last venture across the pond in coach.
Hey coach.
The smelly Middle Eastern woman with her little kid eating potato chips.
Oh, I don't know what smelled worse.
Them were the potato chips.
Just rancid, you know?
Yeah.
Probably stuff from like expired.
Like in my Chinese market across the street.
No speaking English.
They got stuff that expired before Methusla.
I mean, you look you look on the like spaghetti sauce cans on the jar.
Exploration.
November 2004.
You know, I'm like, what is that?
How can they have that on the shelf?
I don't know.
Right?
I don't know.
Now would you would you buy something like that?
I depends on how desperate I am, you know?
A food product that expired four or five six years ago?
Depends on how desperate.
I'm sorry.
I know it's in a sealed jar.
A hermetically sealed jar, whatever that means.
And I'm sorry.
I'm not buying it.
It's got to go rancid like not not all that long.
It's got to be really bad.
Just tear your kiscus out.
Maybe he has some of that for Thanksgiving.
And then if you ever recover from that thing,
you'll have something to be thankful about.
Oh, yeah, I feel so much better now.
Now that my stomach is stopped just splirting out bloody wild diarrhea like
jolly joe bell.
That's what we wish for jolly joe bell for the holidays.
Another bout of bloody uncontrollable diarrhea.
Etaboy joe.
You are a man.
You are the assassin.
I thought Pete Bolger was an assassin boy.
He was a piker.
He was little league compared to joe bell.
The the swill that this guy has put together is just it's un-mentionable.
And you know something I'm always I don't want to sound paranoid even though I am.
But when joe rose set at the end of the show this morning and read off the name of the guest he was thanking.
Yeah.
See, this is what they do.
It goes back to the spite factor again.
Oh, I'll kneel and hates true Rosenhausen.
I hate Alex Marvaz and certainly hates jerk jerseys.
So let's put them all on.
There were a lot.
That worked out really well the first time.
Didn't end on the Kenny and blow morning show.
And it kept putting those same sports writers on there talking about their smelly bowel movements and crap.
Jesus God.
Oh, if Neil hates it, let's put it on.
Or just just a rub his nose in it.
We don't care if nobody else wants to hear it.
Is there anybody in the on a face of the earth that needs to see her hair drew Rosenstein?
No, ever.
No kissing his clients asked.
No, never.
No.
And jerk jerk street.
Maybe maybe fat Chris can tell me what he brings to the table.
In spite of the college football game.
Get out of here.
Insight my ass.
No, they scope.
Yeah, get the scope out.
When a doubt scope it out, happy Thanksgiving to all, although I'm not noticing a lot of those on the email.
Neil at NeilRodges.com, by the way, for our emails.
Oh, there's one.
And look at that.
PR Puerto Rican Ralph says, hope you and your peeps have a great Thanksgiving play a punky pie and mashed potatoes cranberry sauce.
Play that little Richard guyco bit.
See.
Play it.
Didn't you didn't ask could I play it or what I played play that little Richard, but no.
I'm not gonna.
I don't want to.
How do you like that?
Play that little Richard bit.
Yeah, do you know your friend?
Yeah, my buddy and I thought you didn't like the weekends.
So how's he my friend?
I don't know.
I thought your buddies with him.
Say you guys go way back.
Oh, yeah.
Party.
I thought once upon a time you sucked guacamole together.
You made it up.
I didn't argue with you.
Dr. Rouse is while there are so many good rockers on your list having seen Todd and concert three times.
I'll have to pick him just because he's amazing show he always put on have a great Thanksgiving.
See, Dr. Rouse wishes to say happy Thanksgiving.
And then PR Ralph would generally even count that because he wants some stupid as request.
I want.
I want.
I want.
How about just giving us a nice Thanksgiving greeting without playing this do this do that screw you PR Ralph.
I'm starting a real surly in my old age and you know what I make no apology for it.
It's well deserved.
Go for it.
Yeah, all these bastards out there and we want this we want that we don't like this we don't like that too much of this too much of that.
Man, man, man.
And you think I want to be down there.
You want to think I want you think I want to be in the midst of this crowd of misfits.
Do you like it?
No.
I hate it.
The emails open up a whole new avenue of crap.
I mean crap.
Barbara Bush speaking of crap is in a Houston hospital after complaining a little bit of pain.
I think she had a little bit of gas the former first lady.
Gas and gas and the us family spokesman Jim McGrath says she went to Methodist hospital as a precaution.
She had been experiencing some experiencing some pain this week, but they didn't know what it is.
Well, she's always been a pain in that.
A guy.
A grad said former president George Herbert Walker Bush was with her.
She's 83.
That's old enough for that bitch.
I got to play a Betty Davis eyes.
Don't I?
Yes, you should.
Marty Feldman eyes.
Please do.
An honor of Babs.
She's in the hospital.
She had a little bit of pain.
And so she checked herself in the hospital.
83 years old.
If you don't have a little bit of pain, you're not breathing.
The Dow's down 124, by the way.
It's not looking really good.
And serious when zooming up from 15 to 16, now it's back to 15 cent.
I'm serial.
15 cents for this highly tarot.
Oh, Neal, you got to go to serious.
Yeah, just in time for them to go out of business.
That would have been great timing.
See, one thing about these people, they're miserable bastards.
They've destroyed the show.
They won't let us do anything.
But the checks show up not only on time, but a day or two earlier every pay.
They and they clear the bank.
What was that?
Wading up paper.
I thought maybe he had some food in there.
Oh, I wish a pre Thanksgiving meal.
Now, if somebody brought in like Thanksgiving lunch today,
you tell me that you couldn't have it?
Of course I could.
I just couldn't talk about where it came from unless I paid for it.
Oh, well, that would be nice.
How about somebody bringing some nice Thanksgiving stuff for the guys?
Yeah, we'll say thanks for giving it to us.
Now, how about if like a listener, like somebody who knows,
that's a stranger because a stranger would definitely poison us.
Right.
But how about if some listener brought in some stuff?
And you just said, oh, thanks to Joe Shmerkall.
Sure, as long as it wasn't a business.
Yeah, there you go.
Well, I guess we figured it out.
In fact, yeah, no, I guess not.
Nobody's going to bring you stuff.
Remember that I would.
Oh, I know.
That was a different audience.
Sure.
A different time, man.
This crowd is just...
Let me see on the outlook expressed.
No items in this view.
Nothing.
Not happy Thanksgiving, guys.
Now, do we hope we have a great holiday?
And we're going to miss you tomorrow.
Oh, my God.
And Friday.
I won't be here Friday.
I'd have to be nuts to be here.
Wait a year to line up.
We're going to this station next couple of days.
834 votes on the pool.
Who should be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, but ain't?
Long, long list.
I better do the break first because when we come back,
it'll take me six, seven hours to read the list.
Okay.
And somebody suggested, I'm nothing we're going to do it,
but all of the above.
I think with one or two exceptions,
I mean, Pat Boone doesn't belong in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
That's just downright silly.
That's silly.
I mean, Todd Rungren's got three votes, and Pat Boone's got four.
What kind of an audience are we speaking to besides Geriatric?
Todd Rungren's great.
Just like Dr. Owl said.
He's got three votes.
He's almost on the bottom.
Well, I'm sure wouldn't be the first time.
Gary Puckett, New Union Gap, I mentioned that yesterday.
They don't belong on here.
They got one.
And the associations got one.
Is there any contest between the association
and all the great music that they pumped out
and Gary Puckett and the Union Gap and Freaking Lady Girl Power?
No.
Gary Puckett, my ass.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You know, his new projects.
Forty-one, you'll find sixty-cuey.
Forty-one, you'll find forty-one.
No portion of this program may be reproduced
about the express written permission of WQAM
Be the broadcast group incorporated.
The Union Gap.
From the twisted minds who brought you Halloween
comes an entirely new dimension in horror.
Don't look in the oven.
Or you'll experience the stock naked teller that he is.
Thanks, Gary.
A family just like yours.
It's a bird that was once alive.
More stuffy than a chicken.
And they eat until they feel like they're going to explode.
But it doesn't stop there.
Uncle Luther.
No, it's time to entertain the inlaw.
Is that fish I smell or the dog?
I'm a lazy kid now.
And you'll think they're never going to leave.
So, where do I put these suitcases?
And just when you thought you could escape.
By watching TV, you discover there is no way out.
Now game number two of our holiday NFL quadruple header.
Thanks, Gary.
The annual terror is back.
Plized out a good lamb.
Oh.
I'll play in a dining room near you.
1017.
Happy Thanksgiving, Gary.
We're in the Thanksgiving mood.
In fact, I wish I had the big, big turkey with gravy.
Ooh.
White meat only.
Right.
And a big bowl of stuffing.
Now, I like the white meat only also.
But I do like a nice good giblet gravy.
I don't know about that.
Oh, no giblets for me.
I like that.
I like that.
Giblets.
Ooh, giblets.
No way.
No giblets for this little queen.
No.
Yeah, that's not what I heard.
No giblets.
I'll go.
Am I as well play this?
Bowling alley can help you.
You betcha.
Got a question for you.
Do you have 14 pound balls?
Um, yeah, I do.
Well, how do you lock with those things there?
Hey!
Speaking of 14 pound balls, prefer John McCain.
Okay, I forget that time right in with your giblet comment.
Okay, here's the poor result.
I'm waiting for the outpouring of emails.
There's a couple of one at a time coming in.
Just wanted to say happy turkey to you guys from brand
and not the regular brand, but another one.
Tell fat Chris not to drink too much gravy.
To drink too much gravy.
Do you drink gravy?
Do you drink it like out of a bowl?
Actually, I don't really use gravy that much.
Even not Thanksgiving.
I mean, I'll use it a little bit, but I don't...
I'm not going to feel like drowns everything on the gravy.
You're going to drown in gravy someday.
You'll see.
Yeah.
Maybe you'll be on the gravy train.
Oh, that's...
What's the flavor?
Wavy gravy.
Remember that?
Sure do.
Oh, man, that was good.
Long gone.
You know, I'm so pissed off at these food manufacturers
that the fast food joints do the same thing.
Although somebody sent me a thing about Wendy's new
Schrumberger about how great it is.
Have you seen that on TV?
No.
I have.
It looks awesome.
Let's see.
I'll...
It's in my pile here.
I've got a few things.
It says, tell fat Chris not to drink too much gravy.
Be sure to check your blood sugar and you don't want to check it often.
Have the syringes of novelin lined up already.
See ya.
What is novelin?
Novolin.
I don't know what even know what that is.
Yeah, I got the syringes all lined up, like Sherlock Holmes.
Okay, here's the poll result.
Who should be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and is not?
Chicago 94.
How many votes we got?
851.
That's not too shabby.
We might get to a thousand and change it.
There's already got the next poll on there.
Chicago 94.
Not even close.
Rush 58.
Metallica 43.
How could Chicago not be on there?
I mean, you could say that with a lot of these, but...
Yeah.
Is there something wrong with them?
I mean, I realized Terry Cathlu is brain job, but don't hold that against the red guy.
A lot of these don't make any sense.
Obviously politics is at play.
Rush 58.
Metallica 43.
The Moody Blues 43.
Jethro Dull 41.
Kiss 33.
Alice Cooper 32.
Yes 32.
Deep Purple 31.
Ed Solomon 28.
Ed Sullivan.
Give me a break.
Dubie Brothers 28.
Genesis 26.
Rick Shaw 24.
The Guessu 23.
Ted Nugin 21.
Stevie Winwood 21.
Journey 19.
Steve Miller 19.
Joe Cocker 19.
ELO 17.
The Monkeys 15.
The Carpenter's 15.
Boston 14.
Hart 14.
Three Dog Night 14.
Four and her 13.
Late edition, we apologize for that.
How could four and her not be in, and that's just silly.
Just downright silly.
Four and her is so great.
How might just play four and her the rest of the show today?
Grand Funk Railroad 12.
Super tram 12.
Billy Idol 9.
J Black 9.
Blood Sweat and Tears 8.
Ryan Epstein 7.
ELP 7.
The Osman 6.
The Fifth Dimension 6.
Neil Sedacco 6.
How could Neil Sedacco not be in there?
Huh?
They don't like them.
Huh?
Gaysounding voices.
Oh, that must be it.
The Hollies 6.
Boss Gags 6.
Are you a Speedwagon 5?
Bill Withers 4.
Pat Boone 4.
Oh, Pat Boone, my ass.
God, are you kidding me?
Todd Rungren only 3.
Kansas 3.
And then Gary Puckett, Union Gap, and the Association each have one.
The fact that the Association has only got one vote.
That tells me that you people need some mental help.
Oh, Adolf Schickle-Groober sends one here.
It says, the way the government is spending money, the currency will surely become worthless.
Do we stay in cash?
Do we buy real estate?
Do we buy tea bills?
Do we buy stocks?
Do we buy gold?
What's a YID to do?
Isn't that cute?
Adolf Schickle-Groober.
Gary amusing.
Not.
Yeah, happy Thanksgiving to you, Georgian Chris.
Keep up the great job.
Could you play your best Mickey Mouse?
No, I can't.
No requests.
No, no, no, no, no.
In his generic insulin says Brandon LaFave.
I wonder if he's going to still be in LaFave.
Who was a great defenseman for at least, not great.
But yeah, he was pretty damn good.
And really looked good.
Good.
God was he a pretty man.
Can I say that pretty man?
Just in LaFave.
He was.
Well, I just said it.
He was.
I mean, you can be a pretty man.
And you can be a pretty macho man.
Yeah, pretty.
Did he have a pretty male?
Yeah.
He did.
But you know those frogs LaFave.
That's a French name, you know.
How come it was Jim LaFaver?
And it's Sylvan LaFave.
I wonder about that.
Remember Jim LaFaver?
Nope.
Played first base of the Dodgers.
The rumor was that he was, I don't know.
Of course, it's a lot of rumors about Mike Piazza, Tom Cruise, guys like that.
What's his name from a Toronto?
What's his name?
The arcade.
And everybody hates it.
Kiano Reeves.
Yeah, that one.
I don't think that's just a rumor though.
Gay or Tom Cruise?
Gay.
I don't think that's just a rumor.
But then again, what difference does it make?
Who cares?
I don't.
Why do we care about these things?
Do you care, Chris?
Nope.
If Tom Cruise is a flaming queen, nope.
Rae says, happy Thanksgiving to all from a living, reading lawyer, Lister from Wellington, Florida says Rae D.
Chronic Rae.
Thanks Rae.
I mean, the fact I say Chronic is not an knock.
At least he's there.
It's more than I can say for most of you bastards.
Oh, well, we're busy getting ready for a Black Friday.
And now that Obama is the president, we've got a day called Black Friday.
How do you like that?
Didn't take them long to start muscling their way to the system.
Did it?
Black Friday, my ass.
Oh, we got to go shot till we dropped.
And we got to go, yeah.
I think a lot of people probably are like out of town for the holidays too.
Now they said a few, a little bit less than usual, but not much.
You going out of town?
No.
What are you laughing about?
That's right.
You've got to be, look at that.
There are no items in this view.
This is the ultimate slap in the face.
Good God.
Even if you beg them, they won't say anything nice.
I'm a birthday.
I guess they made an exception.
You only have a birthday once a year.
That's as often as they could muster a little something.
I was speaking of mustard.
Byron Pegg and mustard the Wonder Dogs say from Marritte Marritte, you know, Idaho.
Happy Thanksgiving to you, Georgian Pat Chris.
I'm thankful for the USA electing Obama.
I hope he turns this country around.
I'm thankful for your bedtime stories on the web.
I read it every day while listening to you guys.
Don't eat too much from Byron Pegg and mustard the Wonder Dog.
Mouse turd.
Here's one from just Bob.
Happy Thanksgiving to you, Georgian Corp. and Chris tomorrow.
I'm thankful for having listened to your show for almost 20 years now.
Starting with your days at WIOD.
Whether it be live or on tape on the radio over the internet,
you and Georgian give me hours of enjoyment and a pair of familiar voices to make me feel at home no matter where I happen to be living.
Neil, you're the best Georgian's close and Chris needs to put down the drumstick.
No links, no attachments.
Just Bob.
Thanks, just Bob.
I hope you guys.
You're a nasty man.
What was that guys dog runs away?
What was that?
What was the drum roll for?
For the drumstick?
Florida band on gay adoptions ruled on Constitutional.
I think I should play the rack today.
There doesn't seem to be like, I don't know, a lot of interest.
I don't know what the big cynicism of the day before Thanksgiving.
What's the big deal today?
It's the day before that Monday.
Huh?
I would not know.
Do you have any idea, Faso?
No idea.
Is there anybody at work there today?
Look at that.
I sent the professor a my space this morning like I do every night that I before.
Not even red.
Not even red.
I know he was really busy yesterday.
Everybody's busy.
We're too busy for you, man.
We're too busy.
Okay, fine.
From now on, I'm going to be too busy for everybody.
I'm going to start being a lot more selfish.
I'm busy.
You need something?
Don't call me.
I'm too busy.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You don't lose your politics.
Sport with your 560 QAM.
I think.
Fourth leader.
Beware of exploding bulls.
Everybody's head.
About the bed.
Bed, bed, bed.
The best of when.
When the bed, bed, bed.
The bed is a win.
What the hell is that?
It's a church ring in the church.
You know why people in this church are getting fast?
Thanks.
Give me a big, sat church ring.
Could be a no-job.
So close to Thanksgiving.
Quick, quick, go.
I said your turkey free.
This is a birdie.
Bed, bed, bed, when the bed is a win.
When the bed, bed, bed.
The bed, the when the bed, bed.
Bed, bed, bed, bed.
When the bed is a win.
When the bed, bed, bed.
The bed, the when the bed.
Do we need your turkey for a break?
Why is the Thanksgiving of summer, Canada?
What do you mean, you're close to third?
Four, five, two, eight.
And don't forget the right.
But what kind of turkey are you looking for?
A shot one.
I think I can do a trip.
Yeah, turkey that could be a trip.
Yeah, that turkey's stuff.
Thanks.
Get him again.
We're blushing up.
It's both of me to make for now.
And when the turkey jumps you in the ring of fire.
Don't you know that I'm very well.
Everybody knows what the bird is a win.
When the bed, bed, bed.
Bed, bed, the when the bed.
When the bed, the when the bed.
When the bed, the when the bed, bed.
When the bed, the when the bed.
When the bed, bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, the when the bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed, bed.
When the bed, bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
When the bed, bed.
The waddle, don't you waddle when you walk.
Waddle, waddle, waddle.
Waddle, waddle.
Yeah, I do.
I do waddle.
Like an old queen.
Well, our good friend Brandon,
Lee's to you and let us down today.
I guess everybody's too busy for us, you know?
I imagine.
Well, what the hell is up with that?
That's why I just took the reply.
I just took the reply.
I just took the reply.
I just took the reply.
I just took the reply.
You know.
I mean, I could leave right now and be a woodbind
before by 1115.
I probably have to put my pants on first,
but nevertheless, am I choose?
It's dank, by the way,
it is gray, it's dank, it's dripping.
They keep predicting a mix of rain and snow.
It's not snowing, thank God.
But it's dank.
Gray, it's just schmutzzy, you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
It sucks, dank.
Yeah, dank.
Let me take a look and see what the temperature is.
In case Polly is out there.
Hey, Polly, it's plus one.
34 degrees Fahrenheit.
Gonna get all the way up to 38.
Oh, there's that moron, David Miller, Toronto's mayor.
It's hard to get.
What a jackass he is.
You think you got bad politicians there and you do.
Oh, these people here, crazy people.
Oh, yeah, let's close down the gardener expressway for a while
and while we do this, yeah, right.
They're always coming up with ways to screw up the already bad traffic.
Like almost every weekend, there's something, you know.
Like a running race, what are they called?
Is it like a marathon?
Yeah.
Where they got people running in the streets or they got,
they've always got something.
Last week, a week ago, Sunday,
it was the Santa parade.
Don't you think it's a little bit early for the frickin Santa parade?
Yeah.
The 15th of November.
It's a little early for all these shenanigans.
Yeah.
Why can't you wait to like December 22, okay?
And quit taking Christmas and rubbing our noses in it.
Just another way to piss off the Jews.
Anyway, Brandon says, first of all,
oh, you hear that?
You hear the sirens?
Nope.
You hear them?
Nope.
Well, thank God they're not drilling in the song upstairs.
They're like on an 11th floor or something now.
Very lovely lady called me yesterday to apologize
and respond to my hostile letter that I wrote to them.
Well, I'm so sorry and above of the bear.
Yeah.
Screw you.
First of all, Neil and George Brandon says,
you have an ice and welfare Thanksgiving.
That's right.
I left that Chris and Josh Cortes out on purpose.
I didn't realize he was all over fat Chris like Stink on Joe.
Cortes we knew he they hate each other like poison.
I don't know what that's all about.
Anyway, nothing like picking out a good food on Thanksgiving.
Well, Turkey is good once in a while.
I usually pass on it or just a small piece like Hyman Roth,
smaller piece.
Remember they were cutting the cake?
It's not smaller piece.
Smaller piece.
For me, I love the nice sweet glazed ham from Honeybake Tam.
Well, remember, Honeybake Tam used to bring us ham at IOD?
Right.
Was that an IOD or here?
I don't remember.
Definitely there, I think maybe here also.
Well, they couldn't do it anymore because then we'd have to mention it on the year.
Right.
Those usually make great sandwiches later on.
As far as size, well, we have everything from your typical Thanksgiving fear to white rice and black beans.
Oh, white rice and black beans and about 15 different pies.
All right.
How about some punky pie?
I mean, why is it that pumpkin?
Well, I guess it's the pilgrims.
You know, all this stuff goes back to the freaking pilgrims.
Right.
Oh, tell me Neil, do the Jews celebrate Thanksgiving?
When I got that email, it was a yes today.
Whatever the hell I got it.
There are things that you read and you just want to give up.
You want to throw your arms up in here and say, okay, that's it.
I give to the Jews celebrate Thanksgiving.
I would be surprised if the pilgrims were Jewish.
They might have been.
The Whistler says Stevie Winwood's already in with traffic.
The association barred by the FCC because of Wendy
and Jay Black, if only for Carol Mia and Neil Sedacca,
writer of many hits and singer of many, absolutely, enjoyed great holidays.
This is the Whistler.
What was wrong with Wendy?
Nothing.
The association was barred by the FCC because of Wendy.
I never heard that.
I don't know.
Maybe they thought it was about parts.
That might have been it.
Maybe Joyce was giving them a kiss down on that.
They were breaking Wendy.
Oh, and here's New York City Day.
It was a real jerk.
Hey, Neil Georgie, Chris, have a great turkey day.
Sylvan LaFave was a bust when he played for the ranges.
New York City.
Well, who cares about the ranges, okay?
He was great when he played for the Leafs.
And the Quebec Nordique.
You deek God.
Not in Sylvan LaFave.
You wouldn't know what defensemen if they stuck their stick up your butt.
New York City Day.
And by the way, how about those Leafs?
Not as performance last night.
Saturday night they're going to want to announce what's his name?
Brand Birx, going to be the new GM.
And they're going to be having parades in the streets.
Oh, hell no, yeah, we got it.
And like that's going to make a difference.
They suck so bad.
It's an embarrassment.
But then again, that's because these people are crazy with that craft.
They'll pay like 500 bucks a ticket to go watch the make make beliefs.
And because they can get away with that.
So that's why they do it.
It's like like us getting away with putting 80 minutes of sponsor an hour on the sport shows.
You know, because we can.
And because there are a few people actually who will listen to that.
Not too many.
A few.
Oh, here we go.
Here comes some crap.
You think it would be okay if I see that's cute.
Fend fin.
Can't read that on the air.
Filthy.
Neil, the reason why I said the kid wants to go on satellite radio is his best friend.
Mad Dog Chris Russo was on the air there.
No kidding.
Remember, he was on the mic.
And Mad Dog show in New York.
No, I don't remember it.
I don't care.
I've been listening to you for 10 years.
Keep up the keep it up.
Happy Thanksgiving to George.
You in fact, Chris Nancy and Delray Beach.
Thanks Nancy.
You don't care about the kid or my Chris Russo or any of that.
Buzz a ride.
See, there's a reason why most people hate New Yorkers.
Okay.
What is that?
What do you got from me?
Exactly.
I'm not saying all New Yorkers are like that.
Just wait too many.
Way too many.
Josh said, oh, from the fake Josh Cortes.
Happy Thanksgiving.
I'll put that money from the check you're sending me to good use this weekend.
I've been ruling fact Chris and Weight Watchers, New For The System, and Jenny Craig.
Warmest smugly wet kisses to Brandon Suggly from the fake Josh Cortes.
Neil, I'm curious as to what George started the serious finale of the shield.
I think it might be the best finale to a series I've ever seen since Rich.
You've seen the shield of finale?
Yeah, it was very good.
It was on last night.
Oh, good.
Not perfect, but very good.
Supernatural is on the scream TV here every night.
Like I think at 9 o'clock.
Supernatural with Sam and Dean.
Oh, my God.
Remember how Cortes used to get so upset because when they go to a motel, I mean, they were living on the cheap.
They looked and looked like anybody was actually working in that family.
And they go to some cheap motel, some flusy motel and they cheer a room.
You know, what's the big deal with that?
They're brothers.
They're not sleeping in the same bed.
They're not like taking off their clothes and rolling around and they, uh, what is wrong with that man?
What is wrong with Josh Cortes?
I think it was working on the show created a problem.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
A macho image problem.
Free coffee on Florida Turnpike for the holiday weekend.
Somebody sent me Florida's Turnpike system is again offering free coffee on the heaviest travel days during the upcoming Thanksgiving holiday weekend.
Officials are urging drivers to take a safety break if they become fatigued.
Beginning today, motorists can stop at any of the eight turnpike service classes.
Help themselves to a free cup of coffee.
You offer extends through Sunday morning through Sunday during select times on the turnpike.
In other words, whenever you go in there to say, oh, not anymore.
In return, officials ask that drivers promise the attendant that they and their passengers will buckle up to survive the drive.
Yadda Yadda.
And then it says Thanksgiving Day is Thursday.
Wow.
Could have fooled the hell out of me.
Oh, here's one from Gruber Tuckis.
Oh, yeah, this is this ass.
This is real ass wife.
Since you're mailing it anyway, why don't you just put the show on a continual loop of Disney bits.
Chris, yeah, this is the one doesn't like this.
Doesn't like anything.
Anyway, you need to get back to the basics of talk radio calls from listeners.
No, in studio guest, no chance.
Call in guest.
None.
Ask the expert segments such as Monday, ask the doctor.
Tuesday, ask the psychic.
Three.
Wednesday, ask the gambling expert.
Thursday, ask the restaurant critic and Friday, ask the more.
Yeah, and stop mailing it with excuses.
Look what all those guests did for Sandy Payton.
Ask the doctor.
Gruber Tuckis.
My ass.
All the tried and failed things.
So just to make sure they weren't going to win last night against Atlanta,
wonder their defenseman scored them their empty net.
Well, it's not nice to make, make believe they suck.
They make me embarrassed and humiliated to be alive.
Even Georgian too happy about what's going on with them.
No, I say let's bring back Jim Doris.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Your busy little Rajas.
Fortleviol 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
Yeah, man.
Yeah, man.
The champion.
The sports radio.
The sports leader.
That's the honey, junior.
I don't feel my Obama sign.
I will find you little.
I will find you and go to town.
Make my Obama sign.
Anyway, General Peter Francis has been married two or three times and he's got like three kids.
No, I didn't know that.
I do like that.
He had a wife, you know.
I bet you thought that Peter Francis was kind of gay, didn't you?
No, I never thought that.
I never really cared.
You know that chick that wrote that book about all the rock musicians that she had sex with.
He said that he had the smallest one of anyone ever in the world.
Really?
I guess who she said had the biggest one.
These are musicians?
These are musicians, right?
Well, not professional, but she's just a notorious rock and roll groupie.
Bowser.
No, no, you'll never guess.
Huey Lewis.
Oh, Huey Lewis and the Nudes.
Yeah, that's the news.
Yeah.
Who cares?
Apparently it's news.
He's still gross.
Oh, there's a privy of four years.
I don't care if he's hanging around with it.
If he's got a fire hose attached to his thing.
Anyway, the beast speaking of things, I'm sure this is the real one too.
You think?
The real beast?
Yeah.
No.
Says from Brian London.
Okay.
Neil, when you said the word dank, I chuckled it myself because the last time someone mentioned that word on the year was the day for well God fired and it's been downhill since.
Although it's nice to have a license.
Happy turkey day, the beast.
How do you like that?
The beast you'll be on tomorrow along with the maybe Jesse Agra, maybe not.
And if Jesse isn't going to be there, then who's maybe Flea will be there.
I doubt that.
Oh no, Flea is on two to four.
Look what we've got on.
Thanks, giving day for you.
We've got Linda and Levine from seven to ten following two hours of ESPN's swill.
Beast and Jesse tend to two.
Spectre and cope.
Spectre is at the.
Brian Spectre, no, it's Brian Spectre, Orlando's producer.
Phil Spectre and myron cope from two to four.
Fowler and Herbstreet replay.
Lee Fowler.
What would a Fowler and Herbstreet replay?
What is that?
Chris Fowler and Carcurb Street replaying them replaying what?
Previously on the air, I guess.
You know something I'm going to have clearance be corrected.
Now do you have to be related to somebody who have been be corrected?
I don't know how that works.
No, it's the only thing we can do to survive on this radio station.
We have to have him taken away so we can be safe.
You know what I mean?
I don't.
I'm not joking about that.
You think I'm making a joke?
I'm dead serious.
What?
A arguing with you?
Is it something like a arguing or disagreeing?
You probably don't think I'm just Joshin.
Ah!
Oh no!
I can't believe Joey left that behind.
I found it.
Serious stock.
Let's see if it's still hanging in there at 15 cent or if it's on the decline again.
That would be bad.
Let's see.
Here we go.
15 cent.
It's holding the steady, baby.
That serious stock is.
It's all in betcha.
And what's going to happen if that thing does go under in the next few months or by the end of the next year and all these people?
Oh, you got to go to serious.
You need to be on serious.
That's where it's at.
What happened if they go bankrupt?
Which I predicted in the beginning before they even started that thing that it wasn't going to.
I said, speaking of Thanksgiving, I said it was going to be a turkey.
Did I say that?
Yes, you did.
I said most people aren't going to pay for something they can get for free.
That's right.
Other than the Howard Groupies, most people, I mean, oh, but they've got so many music channels on it.
You saw what if you can't find the music you like and put it on your iPod, your thing, then good luck to you.
Then you're an idiot.
I will say this.
They're not bad, but still not worth it.
They're not bad.
What music.
The music channels that they have around.
Yeah, but they just got through screwing them all around according to the emails we're getting.
Right, but still change them all around screw them on up and then they're censoring.
How can they be censoring?
Oh, jingle, I'm blocking your ass.
You're an idiot.
You're just a moron.
Jingle, I'm your Jones.
Problem is you.
Problem is people like you.
Oh, here's the worst airline story of them all.
I'll print it out.
Yeah, jingle, I'm your Jones.
That's what we get on their misfits, lunatics, just like I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
Okay, let me get the same stuff on the emails.
People with no lives.
I have no life.
Jingle, I'm your Jones.
Oh, what a clown.
What a comedian.
How so funny.
In fact, I got one from him in the pile here that I was going to get to, but I might actually dig down here and dig it out.
From Jingle, I'm your Jones.
Who I just blocked.
And the thing like I told you, the thing about blocking people on the myspot on the, yeah, here it is.
On the outlook expresses that they don't even know they've been blocked.
They keep sending it to the swell, assuming that they're getting it to you.
And you're not even seeing it.
You don't even know it's there.
Much less reading it, jingleheimer.
Here it is.
Here's the earlier one from Jingleheimer Jones, 826 PM last.
What does that mean?
Last night, yeah.
Does anyone know why Neil doesn't take calls anymore?
This is the only radio show where the host doesn't want feedback from the audience.
This is why when you hear this, you're going to wet your pants.
This is why Stern rules so much.
He takes calls from people and engages them in intelligent conversation.
I want to listen.
No, listen.
You're right.
Listen.
No, the best part is coming.
I once waited two hours on hold to speak to Stern and it was all worth it.
It was one of the best experiences of my life, even you foric.
I made out accomplished much in my time.
At least I can die knowing I spoke to a true radio legend like Howard Stern.
Oh my God.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
He just made everybody in our audience feel better.
I have no life.
He prosack Ron feels better.
Oh yeah.
This guy makes prosack Ron seem very Albert Einstein, jingleheimer Jones.
That's the reason why if you like Howard so much, how can we listen to me?
Howard's on right now and all day long.
I'm serial.
Hop on a jingleheimer.
That was one of the greatest experiences of his life.
I don't want to take the same four callers anymore than I want to read the same four emails.
Although we have no other ones in there today.
It's just the day before Thanksgiving.
It never dawned on me.
I thought it was like at pace off when all the Jews are get real busy.
Nine hundred one votes on the pool.
We're going to make a thousand here.
Not easily.
We'll crawl along to that then we'll change it.
This is a good poll who should be in a rock and roll hall of fame.
We've done it before, but long ago, long ago, like the 1910 fruit gum company ought to be in there.
Now is Peter Frampton in there or not in the rock and roll hall of fame.
We can find out.
Now find out.
If not, he sure is how I'm sure he must be.
But then again, Chicago.
Chicago is not in the rock and roll hall of fame.
I think a bunch of commoners run the rock and roll hall of fame.
It's conspiracy.
I think a bunch of commoners from Cleveland run that damn thing.
Too bad, my nearer he's not around anymore.
He go up there and kick their ass.
That's where he started.
You know, Cleveland.
I don't know where he started.
I mean, that's where he was big before he came to Miami.
Squirt, squirt, peat, rampant, what is it?
Peter Frampton is not in.
We'll get that on there right away.
Peter Frampton.
Oh my god.
What an omission on our part.
An octurnal omission.
Can't believe that.
Outlooker's pressed.
Here's Jimmy.
Long time.
Listen to Keep Up The Good Work.
Jimmy and Miami addicted to the crackberry.
Have a safe one.
Thanks, Jimmy.
See there's somebody that cared.
How long does it take to tap out a few words?
To be friendly.
To be decent.
To be.
Baaah.
Baaah.
They can't do it.
They can't muster it.
They can't find it themselves.
They don't have the capacity to do it.
Well, we already sang you some crap on your birthday.
So, shut up your old fag.
That's basically the message.
You know.
It's like that MySpace garbage.
I think after today, I think I'm dumping the MySpace.
The show page.
Okay.
Well, what's the point?
Doesn't it?
And now, half the time of the very few emails I get on there,
they want something.
Oh, well, I'm going to give you the promoters one.
This one's starving your death and baaah, baaah, baaah.
And Hulk Hogan, the daughter-in-law,
has got the, you know, wild hemorrhoids or whatever.
You know, I'm supposed to do something about it.
Just like your friend PR Ralph, oh, play this, play that,
go play with yourself, PR Ralph.
If you can find the equipment, go play with yourself.
Get out of our face.
Do this, do that, baaah, baaah, baaah.
Nasty, nasty, hostile people.
And this is supposed to be the time of the year,
like between Thanksgiving and the end of the year.
Goodwill, peace, honor, and goodwill toward men.
And even a few women, if they put out.
I mean, well, what is that all about?
What kind of lie is that?
Just like sandy claws.
Just another lie.
Peace on earth.
Yeah, when's that going to start?
And goodwill toward men.
I got a lot of goodwill toward men, if they're young and hot.
So they're willing.
One?
Yeah. Goodwill.
I got goodwill toward Matt Castle.
I'll tell you that.
Hey, Matt, although he's got a little bit of a Shnoss problem.
You notice that Chris, he's got a beak.
Sure.
You have seen that, right?
You've seen him.
Mm-hmm.
You have to get all defensive like Cordis, now.
I'm not getting the pent of it all.
Good.
Because you were raving about what a great looking guy he was last week.
Say what?
And that was before the Patriots beat the crap out of your dolphins on some.
Now you're drunk.
No, I'm not drunk.
Listen, I'm as lucid as they come.
You're as lucid as they come.
I love lucid.
What?
You're as lucid as they come.
Yeah, I'm, I doubt that.
I doubt that.
Just ask Kathy Willow, she'll tell you.
Can't hold a candle to that bitch.
I wonder if she's still around.
She's somewhere.
I wonder if Dan's agree is still in the closet.
Who was it where her husband was hiding in the closet, right?
What was his name?
Oh, boy.
Jeff Willowitz.
There you go.
Boy, am I sharp or what, huh?
You are.
Oh, my God.
I'm a sharp as a tack.
Nine hundred and five votes.
Did you add Peter Frampton on there?
Yep.
I don't see him.
You know, the fact that the association has got only one vote is
I don't see Peter Frampton.
You sure you added it or you're just lying, just making it up.
I know you're lazy because I am too.
Fat people are all lazy.
Maybe he, maybe he, he passed everybody.
You know what it is?
It got, it got, um, added to the who's most pathetic.
Oh, my God.
That's what I'm going to add now.
To the next pool.
I'll be Dan.
Poor Peter.
Poor Peter can't catch a break.
What's the biggest name?
The best tower.
It is Neil Rogers, sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name is the best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
I am a Ford Lutterdale.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
No.
All right.
Now you're optimistic about the way that things are going.
No.
I never, ever see to meet it all.
Don't you ever worry when you say it works going down.
Well, I'm proud of my mind business that is open to us at all.
When it's time to punch you as a parent human being.
We're a bachelor of all tough human rights.
I hope to study positive humanism.
I hope to keep up with any harm.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
When it's time to change things.
The power of those who fail.
The power of all millions who I feel.
It's the hardest we've come.
I've been thinking things to change.
I always hope that everything was fine.
Everything is fine.
I just want you to feel your pressure.
The closer you go, the closer you go.
I can't believe it's here.
You're very bad.
You're a fool.
Don't take it that great.
Well, for as I get on.
When I hope that fast I just go to what he says to I don't know.
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Oh
Who would listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who will listen to me?
Who told me that?
Who will listen to me?
This is why I do this.
You talk to me all the time.
I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I
'm gonna ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ?????? ??? ??????
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
We can make it happen.
Yeah, we can make it happen.
We can make it happen.
Yeah, we can make it happen.
We can make it happen.
Yeah, we can make it happen.
We can make it happen.
1105 at 560 WQM.
Not always had a great song, but it's also five minutes and one second.
Yeah, that makes it better.
501. What?
That makes it better.
Yeah.
Yeah.
In fact, let's play it again.
Woo!
Hey, listen, it's Turkey Day.
We can mail it in.
I mean, we're not working tomorrow, so maybe we should have played the rack today.
Although we can't play the rack because most of the good stuff we can't play the rack.
That was great back in the day when we could play stuff.
That was funny and history.
People would begin with the radio.
Oh, I can't wait to hear this and that, you know.
What have we got to play now that people say, oh, I can't wait to hear this.
I don't know.
That Mickey Nisder.
You know, I'm not even going to say, all I'm going to say about that.
No, seriously, all I'm going to say about that is, I snore.
Then, Mike says, happy Thanksgiving to you and the crew was wondering if you were Georgia plan to go shopping on Black Friday.
No.
No.
If you are good luck shopping with all those maniacs, make sure to bring a taser gun, says Mike.
Thanks, Mike.
Johnny Rotten says happy turkey to you and Neil and George.
I have several things to be thankful for.
My health cold beer, boobs, good pot, pink grapefruit splash, soft soap, food, boobs, my tutu, I was in sleep.
Love you lots, Johnny Rotten.
Oh, and here's Grubber Tuckens, who's always, wow, he finally sent a little article here.
Something not negative.
Thef uses K.Y. Lubricant to swipe ring on four-large day woman's hand.
Police in four-large day will say a thief used a K.Y. Lubricant to swipe an expensive ring off an elderly woman's hand in broad daylight.
He swiped the ring off the broad.
A 30-say-two-men bumped 80-year-old Helen R. Tim's car, then asked her to open her trunk to check for damage.
Police said the suspect ran his hand over hers, covering it in K.Y. Lubricant, then used a towel to wipe it off.
Well, at least he had the decency to wipe it off.
It's then police believe he slipped the ring off, R. Tim's finger.
The piece of jewelry is divided into between 20 and 30 grand.
No arrest in the November 14th incident of the media.
Well, thanks a lot, Grubber Tuckens. It's about time you sent something worthwhile as opposed to your...
I'm sorry, I don't have time in my life for negative hostile people.
Because if, no, it makes me negative in hostile. I'm getting really, really, really, really hostile.
Are you noticed?
No.
You're not right.
I'm getting really sour with these bastards.
Da, da, da, da.
How was it possible that one place could collect so many misfits, so many miscreants, so many nasty, hostile, sour people?
I do like hot and sour soup, though.
That may be.
We ordered some Chinese for lunch yesterday and me and Paco, and it sucked.
It wasn't very...
From a place that we're getting for a long time, and it wasn't the usual...
There's nothing worse than a restaurant where they're inconsistent, you know?
Like most of the time it's pretty good or some of the time it's...
And then sometime it blows.
Maybe they got like some illegal alien in the kitchen.
Some like legal Chinese aliens.
Some illegal Chinese man, yeah.
No speaking English.
Let's see.
Bill says, Bill Schroeder.
I wonder if he's kind of John Schroeder from Buffalo Raceway.
In the pool for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, they shouldn't deduct.
Plutola Shane McGowan from the...
Pogs, Pogs?
Pogs.
Pogs? I never heard of the Pogs.
That's right.
Kids are all off school today, we're listening to your show.
Oh, the kids are off school today, we're corrupting the children.
Good. Can you play Barney Takes a Dump for us? No, I can't.
Ah-ha.
Yeah, no, I can't.
Yeah, why don't you send us emails asking, can we play sofa, king, can we play my Amos?
Just requesting all the stuff that you know we can't play, that'll be worthwhile.
What's that? That the Pogs and...
Yes.
...are it in the Vogue's?
Remember the Vogue's?
Yes.
Five o'clock world?
What was the big hit by the Vogue's?
I'm what my love.
I'll tell you this.
By the God's words, long.
Turn around, look at me.
My special angel?
Three, set your name.
What is it?
Oh, you're the one.
You're the one.
You're the one.
This is a good song.
The Vogue, I wonder if they're gonna make it.
Every time we meet...
Sure not.
We do it.
Everything is sweet.
Well, George is not corrupt, but today, man, he's cracking out the hit.
I'm a surrender.
My love is your love.
No, no, no.
You're the one that I long.
You can get clean splay of the air, you can play Barney Takes a Dump.
Go take a Dump under the air.
Thanks, giving table, okay?
Get out of my face.
You silly person.
Well, that's why we're not getting a lot of response.
The kids are all from school today.
They are?
Well, that's what he says.
I don't know.
Are your kids in school?
My kid is in school, yes.
Maybe that's right.
You got one kid that's already out of school.
Right.
And then the other little one.
The one I'm searching for, a daddy.
Uh-huh.
Let's see.
Here's one from...
Oh, wait till you hear who sent this one.
John Smith.
How perfect for Thanksgiving is that?
Next one is gonna be from...
What was your name?
Ellen Alda.
Who are the pilgrim people?
The famous John Alden.
And what was the other broads name?
Oh, I don't know.
Hester Prid.
Priscilla, uh, good parts.
John Smith says, happy Thanksgiving to you and George.
Pumpkin pie sucks.
Apple blueberry or pecan.
He says, you're a fan.
Well, I'm glad you like those.
I like pumpkin pie just fine.
Especially with like a little whipped cream on it.
A dollop.
Not out of a can, not ready whip.
A dollop or fresh whipped cream, right?
Whatever you can get.
I'm pumpkin pie.
Oh, New York City, David's back.
Neil, I'm with you on Chicago.
They should be in a rock and roll hall of fame.
No kidding, New York City, David.
I'm wearing a Chicago concert shirt right now.
I work.
I saw them at the Hard Rock in May.
One of the best concerts I ever saw.
Sorry about the last email.
I'll be on my best behavior.
You know, you people that know nothing about hockey.
You're messing with a hockey, maybe.
Don't be sending me a crap about the Sylvain LaFave's stuff.
Who cares about the ranges?
Call up Mepho.
He'll tell you about Gump Orsley and Eddie Jackman.
That's his hockey knowledge.
Eddie Jackman and Gump Orsley.
That's that's a Mepho.
Hockey talk with Mepho.
What a market.
What a bunch of parochial goofballs.
Including New York City, David.
Knock in my boy Sylvain LaFave.
I like to see Sylvain take his hockey stick.
Take New York City, David.
Bend him over the sink.
And stick that thing so far up his ass that it came out the top of his head.
I give a sitting ovation over that.
You don't have no Rogers.
Forty-a-five sixty QAM.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
Cut any more Elfings all visit you
Elfings increase land
Very next to the Madison Burnin'
You weren't feeling quite right
Then your face turned all white
More than you, you turned blue
Blue, blue, blue, elder
Goodbye to you
Well, this is the end of the year
Forever, here's the end of it
Your still
The King of the Repeavum
Every night I'm at home
And I'm watching TV
Oh, oh, oh, I have to sit
Through all his dumb movies
And listen to
Who else?
Whenever
It starts to grow
It's now on over
But as I watch his flex
And I look at all those chicks
I wish I knew
If they knew
Blue, blue, elder
Oh, which one's blue, elder
Blue, blue, blue, elder
Love in 19 and 5, 60 WQM
Happy Thursday from the whole gang
Accu-Aim, those of us who are actually a working
Here's an email that's the epitome of South Florida
You want to hear it?
Please, from Frappy Grid
Right?
This is beautiful
I don't understand why you've essentially given up on doing a decent show
You're sitting for four hours by the microphone anyway
Why not do a good show?
And what about George?
Obviously the only reason you have to keep him there
Was so you can trash the spicks like Howard has robbing
But now it's clear that you have no strict listeners left
Why not ditch him? He does such a lousy job
Happy Thanksgiving to you too, Frappy, Grid rhymes with Schmidt
BAM
BAM
The day before Thanksgiving and this is the kind of swill
I have to sit here and beg
beg for anybody to communicate with us in a positive, friendly, humane way
Not to kiss ass because I hate ass kisses
Oh and by the way, speaking of that, guess who's blocked and he doesn't know it
I don't know
Let me give you one clue, lifeguards
Oh yeah, yeah
Maxwell
Uh-huh
I don't see the name
I don't see the name, yeah
Maxwell Schmidt, person has been beneath my notice
Yeah, well he's blocked and he gets through
That's the thing I don't read in these blocks
You're blocked, don't just go away
Okay, you're boring, you're terminal
You and your whole lifeguards stick
Stick it
Maybe that's what we're gonna do is like this last month and a few days
Clean out the hole, I don't know
Like like douching the whole operation
And if anybody knows how the Baker Rack works
I really want to know if we can really get clearance Baker Rack
And I'm not joking about that
We need to save QAM and the only way to do that
Is to have him take it away
Because Jolly Joe, he's just, he's you know hands off
I don't believe in micromanaging, Neil
Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho
Meaning he doesn't know crap so he just like you know let's clearance do whatever he wants
We need to have him put away for at least five years anyway till we're done
Okay, maybe we can just, huh?
Okay
Maybe we can take up a collection and have something horrible happen to him
You know, like a hang nail
Then remember what he said
No
Words to live by Joyce has a real problem with penis and vagina
Oh, well yeah
Speaks voluptuous
And anything else that you might say on a year too by the way
Here's one from somebody who says thanks for the laughs
I've been listening since I was middle school
I'm 28, stick and Hollywood, happy turkey day
Well thank you and the bag of it
Oh I thought we didn't have any stick listeners anymore
Well there's one
Yeah, maybe it's jingle very Schwartz since I blocked him and he must be the one that we just read
Minute ago
Because they keep changing the email address which is fine keep you off the streets
Give you something destructive to do
Tim and Miami says you know how some days you wake up with a song on your mind
Thanks to you in George my morning song today was the slinky commercial
Stay clear at turkeys you have a good start being in TO system
Thanks Tim happy turkey
Now there's plenty of turkeys here make no mistake about it
It just not as a offered not as obnoxious and disgusting although there were a couple of Russian women it would buy last night loud
I mean obnoxious
Oh disgusting
And you know screaming to each other like a foot away from each other but they're screaming to make sure that everybody else in the place here's it
What is it with Russian women my god what about a disgusting at least the older ones and the young ones I don't know
But you would know you're hitting on court as girlfriend that's right ex girlfriend right there's a turkey look at that stuff hanging from its big oh what a gross thing that isn't tomorrow you people are going to eat that oh god
That's worse than eating boogers good golly
At least boogers occasionally can be like you know salty yeah that's right how do you know
Carlos says uncle need I just wanted to wish you Georgian Lord ask Chris a happy Thanksgiving hope you enjoyed a long weekend if you go to wood buying good luck thanks Carlos there's a guy
There's a guy with who cares enough to send took probably took him at least 20 seconds to type that out but these people don't have 20 seconds for us all we're busy we're busy we're busy
You're DZ how's Tommy Rose he in the rock and roll hall of fame DZ
I mean you know silly music what about patience and prudence what about it don't play that again what about David Sivila the witch doctors he in there
O E I think I got a lot of big bang what I got already you know that you had David Sivila the witch doctor
What is this mean I told the witch doctor I was in love with you
Neil I guess you can't get to wood buying I may not be nearly as old as you but I know my hockey history from plan Anderson to Zarlies Lapsky to drake bear a house key
Drake bear a house key now we're talking ooh Drake take your clothes off Drake and I don't bend over any boards for anyone stick sorry I did not prefer
Oh this is New York City they say hello to Ryan whole way you say hello to him say hello to say hello to the good bye to Ron Wilson on a way up
New York City they show me his hockey ingenuity Zarlies Zalapsky Drake bear a house key anybody who would mention Drake bear a house key has got to be gay hey Dave you fair yeah
He's a pretty pretty young man Drake bear a house key a lot of pretty boys out there not enough but there's a lot of mouth there
Rob says this is a different Rob not this is Robin Miami Beach not chronic Robin for Lauderdale who isn't with us today
I guess he's can't be bothered no nobody can be bothered to be see it's the day before Thanksgiving
They're busy making arrangements we don't want to screw up all their arrangements you know
Rod says happy Thanksgiving thanks for your years of entertainment see that's all just something nice and we acknowledge that you're alive and that you got a name real or made up and that's the way it goes
I could sit here and play the rack and that would really be mailing it and I could play more music you know
This isn't a music station it's not a music show I'm gonna play that though I love that good smelling strong to every day
Yes I am that's the Josh Friedman theme song is he still across the street by the way that a large ass I think so but I'm not sure oh my God
Oh I'll never forget the time after a Panther game he went waddling up to Ray Whitney to you know pass along some message from me as if
And the rages went running away running away
If Josh Friedman you know came waddling up to you you'd run away too yeah Sean says this is something nobody has ever told me before in my life your pole is too long
Never heard that no when you add when you add choices it pisses me off because if I already voted it seems my vote doesn't count
Oh like this is rocket science it's just for fun Sean whatever happened to Rick and sud suds that comes in free loads on Georgia show although I guess you guys don't get lunch anymore huh I buy it you buy lunch when sud shows up if he wants lunch I buy it I
I was holding for you filling in and of course Rick I don't know what he's doing he sent me a no way
I'm not going to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to
to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get you to get
Get you get you 4. Issue where you came in for so e-mail come in
You want a mooshu snake in my dad?
Repeat.
You want a mooshu snake in my dad?
Customer.
No, no mooshu, thank you.
And I requested an egg roll, please.
No, okay, it's a mooshu.
You want a poo poo, bear, a poo poo, bear, a mooshu snake in my dad?
No, no poo poo platter or spring roll, just an egg roll, all right?
So you've got a swig right?
No, an egg, an egg roll. I just want an egg roll. Understand?
No no no spring roll! I just want an egg roll, one egg roll, okay?
Ooh, egg roll.
Yes.
Ah, we are around an egg roll. Vivid, you go back there.
Now turn this tape over for language tape number eight.
Giving directions to Iranian taxi drivers.
Number 32, Punjabi, baby Punjabi.
They're not Iranian, they're Indian.
They're from Punjab.
Okay.
They're from Punjab, man.
Nick says, a Neil Georgian Chris, happy Thanksgiving.
Spickless new here.
See, I thought we didn't have any.
I did jingle very shorts.
I hope you guys enjoy your upcoming days off as much as I will.
Oh, God, you have no idea.
I just closed on my new house.
What a GD deal.
It says the only drawback is I won't have you.
Listen to what I work.
Love you, Neil says Nick.
Thanks, Nick.
Congrats.
Here's one that is just obnoxious from Pete and Tampa.
Wouldn't you think this is the time of the year for like goodwill on earth and peace and peace of ass peace of something.
Fill it out here.
Not in South Florida, man.
365 24 seven.
It's.
It's that.
We hate.
We love to hate.
God, so many sour holes.
You know the sour patch kids.
Yes, you do.
I know them well.
Seriously, is that is that like something in the States?
Is that just Canadian the sour patch?
They're all over the place.
They are sure.
I thought it was like a candy or something.
It's universal.
Yeah, it is.
Yeah, but it's universal.
I never I never had it.
Is it good?
Sour candy.
What is it like life savers?
Like a gummy type of a gummy.
The stuff that like pulls your fillings out.
That's right.
Then it's delight.
Peter bomb bomb.
Yeah, this emails a bomb all right.
Pete and Tampa.
When you hear this, you're going to go ape.
Chicago was a great band for about five years.
You have to consider that most of what they've done since the mid seventies was M.O.R.
mush awaiting your rebuttal, Pete and Tampa.
First of all, what do you think isn't make what decade they did again in a rock and roll hall of fame.
I bet, Bill Haley is in the rock, roll hall of fame, Bill Haley in the comments, he'd do anything in the seventies.
Probably was dead in the seventies.
How about fads domino, he's in the rock and roll hall of fame.
Do anything in the seventies, Bill Haley is in.
Who, Bill Haley is in.
He's in?
Yep, that's Dominator's in.
No, no, you're not you're missing what I'm saying.
I'm saying what they didn't do in the 70s.
I know.
What did I just get through saying I'm saying that they're both in there.
You are not listening to us.
We're going to have Josh Cortes come in there and stick his head all the way up your
ass.
Please know.
Yes.
Till it comes out your earlobe.
That's okay.
You're going to be like that movie with Ray Meland and Rosie Greer, the man with the thing
with two heads.
I still got to send that to yours.
You'll laugh.
You'll pee in your pants.
Can't wait.
When you see them perform the operation and the funny part is that Ray Meland plays
this crazy scientist who's a real racist and he's got a very short time to live and so
that he comes up with this concept.
They're going to find some prisoner who's willing to undergo the operation and have Ray
Meland's head attached to his body next to his head.
Now can you imagine if David Duke had his head attached like say next to Al Sharpton?
That would be funny.
That would be funny.
That would be my comedy.
Yeah.
Anybody who knocks your cog with their taste and music is in their toes.
That wouldn't even waste my time getting excited about this.
I mean I could, you know, I got both this here.
I got them all.
Anyway, what difference like I said, what difference does it make what dick you know?
Huh?
They should have been here a long time ago.
That's the point.
Huh?
Am I right?
Yep.
I mean I like this earlier stuff.
I like that better too, but just based on that.
Oh, but right.
Yeah, let's play Al Sharpton Gawald's again.
It was middle of the road most.
Pete, you've been in Tampa too long, man.
You gotta get him to the house once in a while.
Probably sucking down in burgers and fish for him.
I don't know.
She's right, too.
It's actually a brain we didn't spend too much time in Tampa.
That's what Blombo turned me on.
I could put the other disc in the ultimate.
I think I should do that.
I don't eat it.
But it's today before Thanksgiving, it's too much like work.
I'm mailing it in.
In case they had noticed.
I'm a man.
I don't even know this song.
You?
No.
Well, then, screw it as well.
I sure know this one.
Oh, and talk about great songs.
Let me ask you, Bobby's still on the line.
I'm sure he did a lead vocal on this one.
Bobby Lane.
You don't know?
I don't know.
It sure wasn't Peter Satira speaking of much.
Anyway, Peter Satira has married with the 75 kids.
How about that?
You are my love in my life.
You are my answer.
Oh, it's just middle of the road, Moshneel.
That's all it is.
You son of a bitch.
You bastard, Pete and Tampa.
Oh, that's it.
Then Tom Vellvita comes to your house and rakes you.
Endlessly for hours and hours with a gigantic strap on.
Maybe he'll show up with a cape on.
You never know that Vellvita.
Remember those days?
Yep.
Now, you didn't go to that dive that the restaurant bar,
whatever that place was that he'd done down by the water?
I don't think so.
And Curtis.
Curtis of.
Damn, guys.
And was doing that karaoke crap?
No, the rest of the...
I heard about that.
That was incredibly sad.
And Tom Vellvita was there.
I don't know if Susie Short Scourts let Curtis out that day.
Boy, she sure grabbed out of his knob.
I'll tell you that.
She grabbed on and she wasn't about to let go.
Remember Susie Short Scourts?
Sure.
And WNWS, we had the Casper Secretary,
we used to call her Susie Short Scourts.
Because the name was Susie and she wore not much.
Oh.
What's your opinion?
It says happy U.S.
Turkey Day.
I'm finishing up grad school.
Would like to get a toy vehicle.
A jeep must...
A must-dang.
Oh, as a gift to myself and to my wife,
who also finished up her master's year ago.
I'm generally self-sacrificial and minimalist in light of possessions.
But my wife makes a good point if not now when.
That's right.
We live in St. Augustine Beach near Jacksonville, Yuck.
And a jeep would be a fun but their gas guzzlers.
Would I be an anti-environmentalist bastard for doing such a thing?
Yes.
We're in our mid-30s.
We have zero debt and good savings level.
As an owner of a Corvette, I thought you might be able to share your ideas about doing such a thing.
I realize you are not Susie Orman, but what do you think?
Yeah, surprise.
I am Susie Orman.
That's right.
That's the thing.
After 30 years, this is me.
Take it or leave it.
Oh, I love him.
He was rippin' the Leafs in the organization and asked two nights ago.
I was watching it.
It was just fabulous.
At a boy, Bob, Bob and Gown on the fan Toronto, a real broadcaster on a radio station.
How come it is that the sports station here they actually have interesting things they talk about once in a while?
Oh, it's...
Thanks.
I'll hang up and listen to your answer.
WTF, what does that mean anyway?
Brian in North freaking Florida.
What do you...
Let's take the break and we'll think about what Brian ought to get.
Don't get a Mustang for crying out loud.
You know something?
I know you're going to think I'm crazy.
I would recommend the Solstice over Mustang.
Okay.
No, you never drove a Solstice so you don't know what it's all about.
It's not a bad little car.
It's very sporty.
It's a beautiful car.
It's not a gas guzzler.
And I imagine like for about 27, 28 grand, you could get, you know, fully loaded.
Not here, though.
Boy, they rape you here, man.
When you walk into the auto showroom here, they just say, bend over, please.
What's the biggest name?
The Best Talon.
It's a new model.
It's an auto radio 560 QAM.
The Fourth Leader.
The Biggest Names.
The Best Talent.
It's the Big Dog, Joe Rose.
Weekday morning 7 at 10.
Sports Radio 560 QAM.
The Sports Radio.
Oh my God, your breasts are beautiful.
Everybody talk about,
The Bug Nurse.
The U.S.
I can try to make some work, but...
No, no!
It's just busy hunting sports!
I can do it!
I can do it!
I can do it!
I can do it!
I can do it!
What was that noise?
Let me take a look at the security monitor.
Anything to do with sports?
No, just a lot of buildings burning and carnage.
My car's okay, though.
Oh, go back to the files.
Spray shifters.
What rather than please, I got a paper jam.
Oh.
Jam on it.
Oh, such progress on the day before Thanksgiving or less and there were actually a few worthwhile reading emails in there too.
Oh, here they come. I just fixed it. It's called do it your self radio, baby. I may be mailing it in, but at least I'm doing engineering up here.
All right. I guarantee I'm doing a lot more engineering for the show here than they are there. Believe you me.
You know, they. Yeah, I know. So Peter from Tampa responds.
You know, when you dig a deep hole and you fall down and you would you probably better just to stay there for a little while.
You know what I mean? Yeah. He says Neil, everything you played by Chicago was from 68 to 76. My point was that everything since 76 has been very commercial and generally boring.
Place something Chicago did after that. I bet you won't like it. They did some crappy MTV video music of the 80s says Pete and Tampa PS haven't heard from Tom Pelvedan years.
How do you like that? He totally doesn't respond to what I said. It doesn't make any difference when they made their great music.
The fact that it matter is it was sensational, unbelievably good. That's like saying Elvis ain't done anything good lately. How come he's in the damn hall of fame?
And like I said, fats domino for Christ's sex sensational spectacular only communist don't like fats, domino and racists.
It doesn't make any difference when you did your great music. The point is like Beethoven ain't done nothing good lately either.
He has he. Yeah, I don't think he's a lot of lucky. This is what happens when you hang out in Tampa too long.
Flea to be living proof of that. Look at what a tour Peter not to be. We thought he was going to be a good guy and he turned out to be a real tour.
Then we think he was going to be our friend. I'm your friend. I'm your friend. He's a tour. He's a but sucker man. He's in a Joe Bill. It's just unbelievable.
The two of them are joined at the armpit. I think they take soft soap showers together. I think they're smear in that pink grapefruit on each other. That's right. I just ran out of my bottle.
I got mine. I got the and you know what else is good is the pomegranate whatever the mango soft soap. Oh, it's so fruity. It sounds like it's so.
Yeah, oh you guys, but you know something when a guy's got like a macho complex when he's got a problem with that.
That means he's probably a closet queen. You're fairy. Right? Like a lot of your people. You know, oh, my icon.
Anybody who says my icon. That's a my cone. That's a book. I own. Guaranteed.
Zisco who tried before with a very weak email. I'm glad you there. Zisco, but you know, he says this guy obviously doesn't know his music in his eyes.
I'm sure daddy Yankee or some other reggae crap should be in the country music. HOF.
It says dumb. Speak. I can say spit because I am one. So just go. I don't know that till this moment. I never knew that Zisco was a specter.
You well, there you go. Chicago had dozens of hits playing them brings back memories. I forget how great.
Great. They are. Keep it up and play a hundred years gone by for me. Please see another request.
You're the breast again. Happy turkey to you guys. Pull idea for Chris God of the pool. How many people do think will be assaulted on Black Friday at the malls?
Bad idea. Thanks. Just go have a great. Whatever. Melissa and Concord North Carolina. Melissa. Holla back and she wrote it again. Holla back at your girl.
Oh, okay. Let's holla back. Now is Melissa. You think they're complex. It do white people say holla back or is that it's got nobody does. Yeah. Everybody says holla back. That's right.
She could be. She could be white. Nothing to make saying difference you understand. We'd like to have like a fairly dark, conflicted lady listening in North Carolina.
What when she says that just say you ain't no holla back girl. I'm sorry. One thing about me. I don't I'm an old fart. I'm not going to pretend to be hip and cool.
I'm not. I'm as cool. I'm as as square as a cardboard box. And very pleased to be when I see the crap that passes from music nowadays.
And I don't want to sound like an old funny that it is garbage. Swill. Wrap my ass for the holidays. Let's see if I can find some.
Oh, yeah. It's divine brown.
And I know the more water y'all up and hit.
Now's there going to be some four litre words in this. I hope not.
Do you like that crap? No. Oh, why not? What's wrong with you? Racist?
Oh, you like this?
It sounds like instinct.
I think.
And they're not going to Chicago.
No, that is good. You don't know your music. You pretend to know your music.
Of course, MTV doesn't play music anymore. And I've been saying that for years. They have all these horrible shows.
And we're going to vote you off. We're going to vote this one off. And everybody's getting vote off.
And here's your last chance for love. And am I going to. Oh, my God. Some lesbian lush.
Why are they going to put some music on MTV again? Ever or not? Most of that stuff. I was just playing as like much music.
Much music. Here's Melissa. She says, Hey, Neil, I'm enjoying the show today. My mom is a huge fan. But hasn't listened in years. Well, why the hell not, mom? What's wrong with you?
Cominist? When I visit her this holiday weekend in South Carolina, I'm going to set your website up for her under her favorites.
You can be a click away. Holla back at your girl. Now, what do you say back? How do you holla back at Melissa?
All right.
There is this is Muffy.
Hey, let's holla back at Melissa. What do you say?
There you go.
Every one of these is a classic classic.
And so maybe some of Marlowe been mushy. What's wrong with moush? Huh? Nothing.
This is very mushy. Longest talk up ever. Really? Could read three weather cast said lost dog report a newscast.
Even longer than tequila by the champs. I've been timed it out. No.
You could make yourself a sandwich. Come back. Even longer than a high by link ray in the Raymond. Maybe.
Very depressing. It is. It's morbid. Very morose. Maybe maybe Terry Catholic was thinking about this when he put the gun.
It's not even my favorite.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
If you leave it down, you'll take away the biggest part.
Oh, but it's so mushy, man. It's mushy. Yeah, I guess before that's mushy.
What I heard. Oh, I met a medication. It's a little shally baby.
It's real mushy. I'll send you a bag full peep in Tampa.
I wouldn't have played anymore that except the peep that he begged me on. It's just really frost my ass.
I understand that everybody's got the same taste. Some people like playing vanilla ice cream. Some people like butter pecan.
But how can anybody not like Chicago? I think you're a communist.
I'm a biggest name. I'm a big name.
The biggest name. The best talent. You're listening to sports radio 560 WQ AM.
I am a for the other day. I am also my big name. And whenever I am in Miami, I listen to zero rangers.
I'm Joey D. Formerly of Joey D in the starlight. I'm also founder of the rock and roll restaurant.
Where we provide care and treatment for many of the rock and roll stars.
You love so much in the past, but whose lives have been destroyed by crooked record companies.
Stars like Mr. D. Clock over here.
You can plainly see why we need your help over here. We have Danny Lopez who sang rhythm for the govones.
Every now and then I try to help him out. It's okay, Danny. It's okay. Come down. I will help you.
Please show your support by sending your checks to 442 Glenwood Avenue in Sarve City.
Our email address is Brunswick.1 for more information just call B-TWD-45789. Thank you.
Someone, here's one from the fake Lee Feldman. You know how I know it's fake?
Yeah, because you know it's really a milk. Because the real ones always have that like a logo.
You know, the ass is sent whatever he is. Joe Bell's ass man says, hey genius.
You think I can get more done for your show in the station with Joe Bell as my friend or by pissing him off.
I've seen how pissing him off has helped you quit being such a bitter old queen. Love you and have a great Thanksgiving.
By the way, the only band gear than Chicago was queen. Both great bands though. Chicago was gay.
I mean Peter Satera had the gay. Yeah, I've done it in a homosexual way. I don't think that's what they meant.
So what does that mean? I mean, I know what it means in, you know, but what does that mean?
I thought for itself. It's an attempted humor by the fake whoever it is. That one person.
By the fake flee? The fake. Well, step on it. Fake fill in the blank. It's all the same.
Squish it. Squash it. Oh, Peter bomb is back again. Who still doesn't get it?
You know, it's one thing to be a hard ass. It's nothing just to be a total ass. I get you pointed.
A Grisha got was a great band in their prime. I would probably support their them for induction of the hall.
Well, all he would support them. Let's get a vote. Peter's got a vote for him. He would support them as if anybody gives a cramp just like this.
This other schmuck. This one that keeps. Oh, yeah, rubber toss us. I'll get to his. One good thing about the chronic man.
They never stop. They just keep coming back and back. I'm your friend. I'm your friend. I'm your friend.
Well, usually the boyfriend is follows. I'm your friend. I run. Hi, Ron.
Anyway, it's just that the truly great bands don't have six or seven extra years. Then decided to just make music for the masses.
They're compromising their original creative integrity. But what a suit of intellectual a hold you are, man.
Compromising their original creative integrity. By the way, if you like Chicago so much, how about blood sweat and tears who paved the way for Chicago and the music that was just as good.
Da da da da da da da. Yeah. Spinning wheel. What was their other medley of their big hits that a few? Not too many. This was David Clayton Thomas. He was good.
Da da da da da. I think they're on a poor. You made me so very happy. Thank you. I was happy. And then there's this one.
Which I like sweat and tears is on the pole. It's got nine votes. It got nine votes. So there you go. Smarty pants. It's on the pole. Schmuck.
And anybody who says blood sweat and tears was as good as Chicago has got taste in their tussles. Okay. You've been over there with M Yahoo's too long.
It's signed Pete and Tampa who doesn't mix with the Yahoo's in this area and gets a kick out of one of my heroes. This is me on the air.
Well, that's special. That's right in the same category with the guy who's the greatest moment in his life.
I was calling Stern on here. Remember that? Yeah. I mean talk about. I have no life. Oh, see, I didn't realize when we opened up the emails, it was going to be mostly instructions for me on how to do the show and how bad it is and what I do wrong.
Yeah, here's a good example from Crabber Talks again. I'm not negative. No, he's not negative. But here's another negative email. Hostile.
Stop saying that I'm being negative. I'm one of your longest list. You since 1978, who's either not dead or hard of hearing. Well, goody gumdrop. Good for you. See, the fact that you've been listening for a long time doesn't entitle you to tell me how to do the show or what to play or what to say.
I hate to break the news to you, a hole. When I started listening, George was still in diapers and roller skates and had the mobile dispersed words. I hate you, mama. Isn't he funny? Yeah.
I think you're just fooling yourself and thinking that people enjoy those Disney and Chris Matthews bits. I don't care how many wired pulls you do a to falsely show people love them. Trust me, they caused major listeners tune out as soon as they start. I can hear radius everywhere being switched over to seven, 90. First of all, we don't compete with seven, 90. It's a stupid sports station. Okay. And if you knew anything about the shore about radio, you know that you're only hurting yourself ratings wise by playing those not funny boring bits.
I mean, you know, again, this this guy, he ought to be loked with Pete from Tampa. I don't really care whether you like those bits or not. He can hear it in other words, the whole world, whatever his taste is, that's what the rest of the world likes.
Glad you figured that out. Oh, yeah, whatever, whatever his name is already Schmitt, candidate. Here's one from Peter on different Peter. Peter from Boka.
Who says believe it or not, I've been listening to you for 27 years now, holy crap, more than a quarter century. Yeah, how about that, Pete?
Who would have thought that having my FM radio working my first car can have such an effect on my life? Oh, that not having a work.
I've been listening to you as you jump from station to station over these years. I didn't jump from station to station, Pete. I think great.
I worked with that. I worked a long time at separate KET. I worked the shortest there two years. That was long enough.
I can honestly say this station has you worked up the most. Don't let the idiots there get to you. Always come out on top in this time will not be different.
You look back at this experience on WQM and realize you were so far superior to the town, the organization deserves that isn't even funny. I already know that this organization deserves jerk, jerk street and drew Rosenstein, Cran's house Schwartzbury.
So hold your head up high and realize that one day soon this experience will be just another memory. Oh, God, talk about depressing the thousand thirty seven point. Let's hear it.
Hold your head up high and realize that one day soon will be just another memory. I look forward to the day when conventional radio. Let's tell it like you're as rain free without limitations. Rain R.A.I.N. Come on, Pete.
We deserve your unrestricted tell without having to pay for it. Maybe I'll live to see the day when you can have a show that lets you provide your audience with a content that grownups can enjoy not ones that handcuffed out like yours like the current management has. I just hope I won't have to wait another twenty seven years to hear it.
Oh, I don't mean ninety ninety three. Have a happy turkey day. You are the best is Pete. PS we met many years now when we get to this last line. It's scary.
We met many years ago when you granted my colleges and I have personal interview for our magazine excitement. This still remains one of my fondest memories.
Thanks again for all the years of great radio entertainment. I'm glad you stuck around even through this cesspool that doesn't deserve it.
I don't want to put Pete in the same category with a guy who had the call with Stern.
Go out and get laid, Pete. Go to something exciting. If meeting me was one of your most exciting moments, I realize he's trying to compliment suck up.
But don't you find it a little bit appalling? A little bit unnerving, I would say. I mean, who the hell am I? Some old schlub.
Oh, here we go. What's up with all the BG ripoff stuff? It's clear Chicago lifted from the BGs. This is why they aren't in the hall.
They lifted from the BGs? What the hell have they got to do with the freaking BGs? Also do you think George W. Bush will be apologized in the nation before he knows he will not?
He couldn't leave soon enough.
Neil, I've got all the Chicago CDs through Chicago five, even bought their excessive 4LP box set in 72 or whenever I came out.
The only concert ever gone to and couldn't get in with Chicago with the RIT and Rochester around 70.
I'm a Chicago fan who was just disappointed with what they did after Terry Cat, Blue is brains out and yes, I'm a communist then.
Oh, and then this is again, I remain your biggest fan in Tampa Pete. Go away, Pete. You're bugging me.
He thinks I'm going to do the whole show is going to be like an running debate with him with Chicago screw you Pete.
What does this say? Here is an email that sent to everybody but me. Slow dance. I've never sent anything to any anyone I've ever known before, but I believe this is worth sending to everyone and you know forwarded message.
This is a poem written by a teenager with cancer. Well, you know something. It's a day before Thanksgiving. It's too depressing.
Eric have a wonderful Thanksgiving holiday. Love you, not our Eric, but another Eric. I think you should add pink floyd to the pool. This is what I would vote for. Pink Floyd's not in there.
I don't know. Good.
Chicago had musicians come and go. So yes, their music changed, but does this mean you stopped listening or they suck? The Dumi brothers were okay before Michael McDonald, but they were better with him, but it was still the same sound.
I guess Scott's logic is that you stopped listening to the Beatles because sergeant pepper was different than the previous music. It's not Scott. It's what's the name Pete.
This is the fake Scott from Loots. The chronic from Loots. Neil, how about stepping off Toronto group started as a spiral moved to LA pink Floyd them. Of course they're in. I knew that. It's written on the wall. Like remember Daniel and lion's dead. It was written on the wall. He looked up there and it said, oh, you stay away from the lion.
Sam Cook songs include cute, but Chang Gang, wonderful world, bringing on home to me. You send me only 16. Sam Cook is not in there must be a racial thing.
Twisting the light away and Saturday night. If he's not in the hall of Amy should be. I agree with that. Sam Cook see if he's in there.
He's in. Of course he's in. I mean, that goes without saying that's that's like asking is enough food of Chellowen, you know.
In what? A cell. Now what did didn't she die? She had am I master something some horrible disease and I think she's dead yet. But 94 on the pull. We're almost to a thousand. We can change the pull we get to a thousand.
Oh God. I think we ought to get starting with November after election day till the end of the year we ought to get all that off. I agree. You agree? Sounds great.
Oh, anyway, the guy what about the car and nobody's helping this guy very much here came back Brian said, hear you on the Mustang. My brother says the same thing. Mustangs a girly car. It's a chick car. Not for a real guy.
Other options are Honda S2000. Nice, but feels like a potential death trap. Mazda RX 8 Honda Civic Si. Great performance. Good gas mileage. Thanks for the advice. I know them. Thank for your with us the next five years. Take care and enjoy your time off. Thanks Brian. What would you suggest?
Well, okay, so let's do the break for a think about it. What your guess name? Stick on that.
You're busy. No, Roger. Sport radio 560 QAM. The fourth leader. The biggest name. The best talent. It's the mad dog Jim Mandit. Afternoons. 4 to 7. Sport radio 560 QAM. The sports leader. Neil Rogers. Have you ever turned on the radio and said that song makes me sick?
Well, K.O. Pactake Records presents. Sounds that make you want to throw up.
Back to dad to go to up. Check on you. I got a case of feeling good.
Stay away. I'll be more beautiful. I got it. Yes. And songs that make you want to throw up. You get ding.
I'm going to leave.
Far from and who could forget their classic.
You know you make me want to buy.
Sounds that make you want to throw up.
All right.
Oh.
You know, this is like arguing whether fish food is good ice cream. It's just incredible waste of time.
Yeah. So don't why not? Oh, I forgot what you do. I Chris matches.
There you go. I just take a gun and put it to his head. Like Terry Katz. Stick to gun in your mouth and pull the trigger several times until you can't pull it anymore.
David says happy holidays to you. George Chicago is great. You did a disservice. However, when you skipped over I'm a man. Well, this is Dave the cop.
That was one of the first hits when they were officially Chicago Transit Authority to CTA. This is the song the Spencer Davis group made famous.
Stevie win would. I think the movie blue should be much higher in your pool. They got my vote. Few singers sound better than Justin Hayward.
I'm just as surprised the association is that far down. Speak about underrated the lyrics to a long comes Miriam some of the best rock the lyrics ever.
Says Dave the cop. How those cardinals doing Dave haven't lost a game yet. Let's see how the polls come. I think I think it's almost time to change it.
Oh, Scott says you got to be kidding me. If Chicago lifted from the BGs, then the BGs lifted from Alvin and the chipmunks. Good points Scott. Yeah. Excellent.
One of the great facts is the emails of all time. Ripped off the BGs. Oh my God. Are you people kidding me? And I like the BGs. Plenty.
I got all their stuff here. Let's play the BGs. As Merv Griffin said the fabulous BGs. Well, he was you do talk about a guy with muzzle.
Merv Griffin. Yeah. I mean, there was a guy I grant you. You know, he didn't be created jeopardy and the wheel of fortune.
And I would say, you know, half of that is fine. Thousand votes even on the pool. Nice going there. You know, and look at that. I switched it.
Now here's another one where they can be where we should probably ought to put me on this other one. Who is the most pathetic has been.
See, whoever sent this to me. Maybe it was a Sean. He didn't want to put me on there because I don't care. Don't you think this would be a good way to take some cheap shots at me? Sure. Oh, yes. Steve can on there.
Get me on there. Put me on there. Who's the most pathetic has been right when what was he? Who Steve came?
When you know something that's amazing. I was thinking about that just yesterday. Don't ask me why too much time on my hands too much time on my hands.
He never ever had any numbers in the market. Right. On W.S. News. There was one book where the whole station went through the roof when Jerry Williams was there.
And I think he had a decent number in that book, but all the rest of the time he never had any numbers. Certainly on the light bulb. He never had anybody on this station. He's on now. It doesn't even make a blip on a rickshaw scale. It's like loaded with. Oh, those don't get Brian Craig involved in this now.
The most pathetic has been we got David Hasselhoff, Philip Michael Thomas, Chuck Norris, Christy Brinkley, Gary Coleman, Jan Michael Vincent, Erica Strata. Oh, I'm voting for him. I'll bet he's even doing. What do you mean by that?
He's your favorite. I hate him. You love him. Oh, somebody I used to love is on here. Cory Cory. Hey, he's right above Cory Feldman.
What was that movie where he was like naked most of the movie Cory and screw in that guy's wife. That was good. I don't know. Can I finish reading the list now before you?
I'm not even going to find it. Michael Jackson, Erica Strata, Neil Rogers, Rick James, Bridget Nelson, Nielsen, Cory Ham, Cory Feldman, MC Hammer, Steven Baldwin, vanilla ice, Jose, Kansako, Mark Clayton, Peter Frampton, Pete Rose, Brittany Spears, Steve Kane, Kathleen Turner, Chevy Chase, Jan Michael Vincent, Gary Coleman, Christine, Christy Brinkley, Chuck Norris, Philip Michael Thomas and David Hasselhoff.
Oh, David Hasselhoff to me is like I never was. I know he's big in Germany. Oh, yeah, they hear that name Hasselhoff. And right away they start goose stepping and see, highly and they go nuts.
Okay. Now, what's your opinion on this poor guy who wants to see? I'm one of those people is very reluctant to give people advice on how to spend their money especially when it comes to a big purchase like a car.
No, it's a next year's house. It's the biggest investment you make. I'm assuming. Right. Now, do you want to give this guy advice?
I don't have any given. When you're supposed to know a little something about cars, 100 years ago. All I know now is that they're expensive and I can't afford any.
Well, you are. I think that young, young or whoever that guy was, Robert Thomas guy, Robert Thomas. Oh, I'm not, I'm not the big negative. And then he goes on ripping and tearing and shredding and ripping and shredding and tearing. Oh, and by the way, I thought that goofball was in the Philippines already. He's still there.
You know, not the not. Shrendrick. Go. No, that one. Yeah. Just keep changing email addresses. You're really very original. You know.
Keep blocking and they come up with a new one and they're not going anywhere. They're all full of crap. They're like you said, none of them are who they say they are. None of them. Right.
Liz says, been listening to your show couldn't agree with you more. Chicago should be in the hall of fame will never be inducted because of Jan winner who controls the hall was a personal event that I from years ago over some.
Rolling stone magazine incident. Jan winner J. A. N. N. I don't know how you say that. Me either. This is just how I don't know. This is just one reason of many why the hall said to joke. I mean, Donna Summers is in Tina Turner isn't known to moody blues. Neil Diamond. I particularly don't like him. But Linda Ronstead or the spinners. Even the spinners are an innovation. I've been on the pole but too late. We changed it. Oh, well, the rock and roll hall of fame is nothing but a sham says Liz absolutely correct. Liz.
Here's one that says Neil you knew it and now we are seeing it. Wade B. Lack sucks. He's a stiff can't play in when you get put on waivers from the Panthers. You really stink. That's right. He sucks. He's to make believe they tried to market him here and pretend he was like a real player and a real tough guy. He blows.
Also, by the way, how's the what's his name doing? Chad Kielger. That was another great acquisition. Never played a minute.
Art says thank you for sticking with your email format. I love it. I want to get to listen to what I'm in my car on the way to work. You're the only AM station program on my radio. Neil God for present in the Tony of something.
Enjoy your turkey day and thanks for being who you are. Cesar you two art. Have a happy have a good bird.
Oh, this today is like it's like work. I thought I come in the day before Thanksgiving kind of like mail it in. You know.
And then I got people arguing like got to convince them Chicago is a great group and belongs in the rock and roll hall of fame. What a bunch of crap.
And then you know what that's like if somebody's got a vendetta against him and that's why they're not in there. Personal vendetta is like Trevor Denman who's probably the best race call alive today.
He calls Santa Anita and Delmar California. He doesn't do Hollywood Park because the owner of the track has got a personal vendetta with him.
And so they stick that anxious Vicks Stofe around here who makes some decent frozen dinners but other than that is a real a hole and really weak.
Tries to get melendramatic with a with a call. Oh, he is so bad Vicks. So he's bush leek send it back to high a lea. At least there's no race going on there. He blows.
It's the same thing no matter how much talent you've got it's all you know who you know and who you.
Stohe. Here's one of some says I love the Mickey bits how do you like that well I was proof.
See I hate to break the news to that schmuck but I'm going to play whatever I want to play in spite of all of his hysteria and all his prodding and putting all you I can hear the radio is turning off I can't.
I can't and you know something I would even like those Mickey bits I'm tired of them already.
But I know that a lot of people do like him and that's the reason I play him. I don't play just what I like.
Just like with music.
Do you like it?
There's nothing worse than a music PD who programs a radio station based on what his personal musical taste are and doesn't give a crap what the audience wants to hear.
And boy there's way too much of that.
You've got a lot of.
What?
If you talk about programmers who program to themselves that's exactly right.
Like this.
Like this.
The best.
What's his score?
What's his score?
I'm 60 QAM.
The fourth lead.
The O'Rodgers God.
The third to say.
The Averyus.
The O'Rodgers most pissed this stuff radio station of a planet.
World I die pissed at man.
World I die pissed at man.
Every hour every day we're pissed and we know 24 freck's ever.
Who you is this?
A god.
A god.
A god.
A god.
A god.
A god.
A god.
A god.
A god.
You're a god.
WPST.
World I die pissed at man.
1231 I thought Stan was on it for just a second.
Maybe Stan turned into Jolly Joe.
Maybe he morphed into him.
I could be.
And now he's getting even because I'm an overpaid talent.
Karen says they just ran an emergency broadcast system beeping while you were talking.
Why do they do that?
It's very aggravating and have a very, very, very Thanksgiving.
Well, I have a happy Christmas, Karen.
They do it because they can because now is she talking about on the stream or on the air?
What is that?
Probably on the air.
Yeah.
On the air?
It's automated.
It fires off whenever the hell they feel like it usually during the show to try to chase whatever little audience we got left away.
Thanks a lot, Jolly Joe, and engineering.
Thank you so much.
Here's the poll.
Oh, here's the final total on the poll.
What do we have with 1000 votes?
11 last, that's all.
11, all right.
11, Chicago wins for fun.
12, I bet.
I bet you said that gets peed all upset.
The fact that Chicago kicked big smelly ass on here, huh?
See, it's the holiday tomorrow.
And so the concept of the South Florida audiences aggravate the host.
We don't want to be friendly.
We don't want to be nice.
We don't want to be like anything.
We want to aggravate, agitate.
That's what he's getting paid for to sit there and be the target of our crap.
Go ahead.
I still get paid regardless.
Lots.
Who should be in a rock and roll hall of fame?
Chicago 110, rush 67, Metallica 50, the Moody Blues 50, Jethro Del 48, kiss 42.
Alice Cooper 37, yes 36, Deep Poyple 33, Ed Solomon 32.
The Doomy Brothers had.
About 30, man.
Genesis 29, the guest who 25.
That's another one.
I mean, the guest who is not in there.
That's, that's, it's almost comical.
It's so bad.
What?
Criminal is the word.
People have been on death row for lesser offenses than that.
Like clearance, for example.
Maybe I'm going to hire a hitman, you know what?
Okay.
Stevie Winwood 25.
I'm serious.
He's destroying the radio station in Jolly Joe's responses.
Oh, I don't believe in micromanaging.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Jolly Joe has got, he's got the balls of a butterfly.
The balls of a net.
Just sits back on his fat ass, listening to the show by the way.
How you doing, Jolly Joe?
Happy Thanksgiving, not.
I'm still looking for your a birthday gift, by the way.
Do you know that they never even sent me like a card or a balloon or anything?
Yeah, and they never do.
Since he came in, used to be when, when Greg was there,
they were little more people friendly, you know?
Now they're people unfriendly.
Ted Nugin 24, Rick Shaw 24, Steve Miller 24, Joe Altacocker 23,
Journey 22, ELO 21, the monkeys 19, four under 16,
16 for Grand Funk Railroad and Boston and three to Ignite and the Carpenters.
Heart 15, Super Tram 13, J Black 13, Nielsenaka 11,
The Osman's 9, ELP 9, Blood Sweat and Tears 9,
Billy Isle 9, Bill Weather 7, Brian Epstein 7, the Holley 7,
Fifth to mention 6, Boss Gang 6, Pat Boom 5,
He's still whistling on that level, it isn't a sand.
He's whistling it.
Yeah.
April Love, oh he was, talk about Moush.
Aureo Speedwagon 5, Peter Frampton 4, Todd Rungren 4,
same guy, Kansas 4, Association 3 and Jerry Puck and Union Gap only wanted deservedly.
So, Association only 3 votes.
That is.
That's why I have vanilla ice cream sell so big.
But you know, you got your taste and I got mine just like the song by the fortunes.
You got your troubles and I got mine.
What now? Wasn't that a Coke that was a,
that was a bed for a Coke spot.
Remember that back in the 1800s?
Yeah.
If you got that, you've got your troubles by the fortunes.
Look at the song.
Ah!
Boy, you see on top of it today or what?
He sharpens a much of my 65 out of it.
Alright.
When did I say?
I don't know.
I didn't.
I didn't.
If you don't say it then what?
I'm making mistakes.
I see the worry look upon your face.
You got your troubles.
I've got mine.
Oh, you should know it.
You got your tourists and we got ours believe it.
He's found somebody else to take your place.
There's a whole Coke campaign with that.
You got your troubles.
I've got mine.
You know?
No, I don't remember from when I was one year old in Cuba.
Not in 1965, it was like later on.
Oh, I'm out of the 48.
Was it?
What do you know?
Punk.
I bet you chicken act knows it.
In fact, maybe he's even got it.
When surprised me.
When surprised me.
He's got it.
Alan and Bokas is happy Thanksgiving as a new U.S. citizen since March.
I can assure you that November in Bokas way better than November in Liverpool back in the old country.
You know, there's only two things more beautiful than a good gun.
A Swiss watch or a woman from anywhere says Alan.
And he left out Brady Quinn.
He is out for the year.
Brady Quinn?
All right.
That'll give him plenty of free time.
He can go do some more than Fag pictures.
What is with all those shots?
What is that all about?
Is he trying to send a message?
Is he just got a wild sense of humor?
Maybe he's trying to send a message.
What?
Maybe he's trying to send a message.
Yeah, send a message like Joey Zaza.
Gonna send me a message?
Yeah, I got to admit, even though I don't like,
and you think I don't like him because of the Cuban factor in Morris Greasy as,
but what's his name, Tony Sporano?
No, not Tony Wano.
Andy Garcia.
I got to admit, he was good for that role.
I mean, there were so many people not fit for the roles in that Godfather III,
but he was good for Vincent.
Yeah.
You don't think?
He was great.
Joey Zaza, gonna send me a message?
And he was good in Untouchables and every other movie he's ever been in.
Scarface?
He wasn't in that.
He wasn't?
No.
Get out of here.
Andy, what's his name?
He was in Iraqi or Eche Maria?
Steven Hacheveria Baller.
Steven Bauer.
Right.
And Al Pacino in one of the worst performances of his life.
Absolutely.
Anyway, Jeff says since you're not getting enough emails,
let's be corny and send in things that were thankful for him under the holiday.
Oh, Jeff, are you smitten me?
He says, I'm thankful we won't have to look at it here from George W. Bush after January 20th.
I'm thankful we don't have to hear those awful idiotic phone calls to off it on your show anymore and so on.
Thanks, Jeff, and me too.
You think the day before Thanksgiving, we get flooded with calls here.
I don't see any.
Let's take some if we had any.
Sure.
Just like the emails I had a beg and plea to get that ball rolling.
It's because it's the day before Thanksgiving.
It's not a holiday.
What a holiday is it?
Oh, it's the day before Thanksgiving.
That's the new American holiday.
Yeah.
It's not Thanksgiving here.
It's me over here on the road today.
What?
There was fewer people on the road today.
Yeah, there's nobody around, man.
We're talking to a, like usual.
We're talking to a vacuum.
Hello.
Like that.
You know.
And then they say, oh, well, travel is down nationwide.
1.4%.
So what the hell is that?
Is anybody going to notice that?
1.4%.
Like somebody would notice that it's lighter travel if the airport's not on the road.
I mean, you people that do those studies, man.
You ought to be in prison.
You ought to be in there with clearance.
Let's be correct a whole bunch of them.
Is he there?
Did they even clearance?
Yeah.
Oh, he is.
Open the door and said, hi earlier.
Get out of here.
He said hi to you guys on this show.
Yeah.
Get out of here.
Does he know this show is on now or what?
Not sure.
You ought to take a belt to him.
A belt.
A big leather strap.
Put him over.
In fact, Chris's knee and just strap his ass.
I'd like a belt.
WQA M. Hello.
Hello.
First call of the day.
Hello.
Yes.
WQA M. Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, God.
Yes.
How are you?
Happy birthday, birthday, first off.
Thanks.
Happy Thanksgiving.
Happy Thanksgiving to you, too.
Happy Chagullis.
This is the Yves Chagullis, old man.
Happy Chagullis.
Happy Chagullis.
Happy Chagullis, right?
Happy Chagullis, right?
Right.
Happy Shlap the day, right?
I got something funny here.
I went over to a PAMS Club yesterday.
And they were, I guess they're really desperate as usual with Panther-wise.
And here we go.
They're selling two Panther tickets for $26 and their $60, $63 seat that comes with a $10 food voucher.
Yeah.
And a free parking pass.
Oh, yeah.
And $100 bill.
I know $100 bill.
Exactly.
Yeah.
I mean, I'll Toronto had a, what I'm doing too well over there, huh?
What's going on with them?
With what?
The guy that had the make, make believe?
I saw the stars, guys.
I saw the stars game when they came back.
They suck.
Yeah.
Nothing complicated.
What's wrong with them?
They suck.
They stink.
They blow.
I don't know what it is.
In L.O.T., lack of talent.
Lack of talent.
Too many stiffs.
Too many stiffs in uniform, sir.
Oh, my God.
They're trying to pass up when Nicholas Hagman is being passed off as one of the stars on your team.
You know your team sucks.
And Vezza, Vezza Toscala, he couldn't stop a beach ball from 100 yards away.
Who?
Even if George rolled it at him.
Huh?
Esmeral Goldtender, Vezza Toscala.
Send it back to Finland, wherever it comes from.
My God.
What a disgrace.
What a disaster.
No, but really, how do you feel?
He sucks.
But we got the new GM.
Brian Berks got to come in Saturday night.
They're going to run out to the new GM.
I wonder if Brian's going to be playing anytime soon, He's been press, cumin the net.
Not just in the magic,ائse unsere, Uhh, 46%, he's boxing the Georgia strategy, Georgia,
ум, 68,000-
than be anybody listen to his somebody,
he's protected by big gurches,
he wants to be, a big idiot.
Someday you'll be dead, dead, dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
The medic were born, we start dying, we die a little more every day.
Young or old, Richard, poor, there's nothing we can do to stop it.
So, it'll look long at that Christmas tree, it may be the last one that you see.
That grew up in your house in green and red, because someday you'll be dead.
I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying.
Someday you'll be dead, dead, dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now.
But no matter when it happens, it will soon too soon to you.
So, be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle into bed.
That you'll thank God for your family, because someday they'll be dead, dead, dead, dead.
Someday they'll be dead, dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Who knows how many Christmas is left in their short life?
Nobody knows, that's my point. Enjoy the while you can.
And so on Christmas morning, let good tidings fool your head.
What a festive season, someday you'll be dead, dead, dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll be dead, dead, dead, dead, dead.
Everyone you know, dead, are very merry Christmas to you.
You're very dead, dead, dead.
Don't do it, don't do it, don't do it.
Don't do it, don't do it.
I'm most deaf, I'm little kids, that's bad.
From 47 at 5, 60 WQ AM, how's that new poll coming?
68.
Who is the most pathetic husband, 69?
Michael Jackson, 14, Chuck Norris 9, Jose Conzaco 7.
Britney Spears 5, Gary Coleman 5, Stephen Baldwin 4, David Hasselhoff 4.
Yours truly three, I told you.
Baa, baa, baa.
Chevy Tastery, Bridgete Nielsen 2.
Vanilla ice 2, Steve Cain 2.
Erica Strata 2.
Jan Michael Vincent 2.
You're right, Mr. Ego isn't a husband, he's a never was.
Erica Strata 2, Jan Michael Vincent 2.
Cory Hame 1, he's got one.
Boy, he looks bad now.
Have you seen the two corries, the thing we found for about five minutes?
Oh, you're so lucky.
And Cory Feldman, who never looked any good, he looks even worse.
Cory Hame 1, Cory Feldman 1, MC Hammer 1.
Hey, Hammer, Kathleen Turner 1, Christie Brinkley 1.
None for Rick James, Mark Clayton.
Why is Mark Clayton on there?
No idea.
Well, I mean, it's just in Congress, what is he have to do with these other people?
He's the next football player.
What is he doing on the list?
Peter Frampton, Pete Rose None, and Philip Michael Thomas None.
I'll give you a first 69 vote.
Sorry, Joyce.
The first 62 votes, thank God it changed.
Now, here is talking about Enane.
Oh, Mike says, hello again, whatever that means.
I remember when you mentioned a few years ago,
you were playing to put a full page ad in the New York Times.
Whatever happened to that?
I don't even know what he's talking about to you.
What about that so far?
No, no, no, no, nobody's talking about it.
No, what?
You were entertaining a notion, crazy notion about putting an ad in the New York Times for some reason.
No, it was in USA today.
USA today.
Don't ask me why.
Yeah.
That's it.
No, we were going to promote the web page or something.
Yeah, that's right.
We'll promote our website.
It says, I'm sure the fans can raise enough money to make that happen.
Oh, Mike, what a sense of humor you got.
Yeah, now's a good time to be coming to the audience with our handout for, you know, with a tin cup.
Everybody's broke, everybody's had a work, we got a depression, Mike, in case you haven't.
Wake up and sniff the daffodils.
A few years ago, you were talking about this, so you want to do that now?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, God.
Rudy says, as you know, or not, yes, I know the Buffalo bills will plan to run on December 7 against the dolphins.
It's part of an effort to expand their market to Canada.
No chance.
As Bob McCollum says, there will never be an NFL team in Canada and he's absolutely correct.
The other day, I heard Jim Anderson, the show, say that he wants to invite you for lunch or dinner when he's interrupted a broadcast of the game.
What's news to me?
Other than Hank, who had dinner with me at Woodbuy in that night, he was there for the race stuff on ABC.
Other than the Humper, I have heard from nobody.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
Not a phone call, not a postcard, not a telegram, not an envelope, not the screw you, nothing.
Zipity and somebody made that point in one of the emails yesterday.
Back in the Greg Reed days, there was like, you know, some crossover.
There was like some connection.
Now we are totally in a vacuum, totally between Jerk Jerk Street and Drew Rosenstein, House Cran's Burg.
And whatever else we got on, you know, rock solid.
Oh, God.
Blah.
Blah.
Well, no, Paco just sent me a man.
Asked me what the word means, blah.
I guess in Mexico, they don't say blah.
And I said sick.
Is that a good translation?
Sure.
This guy who's really, you know, this, this bothers me.
None of these emails bother me.
I put on a good act and pretend that they do them that way they keep coming.
This one bothers me because this is somebody who is supposedly a my space friend who supposedly has gotten IQ larger than his digit.
Starts out, okay.
It says Obama formed the economic recovery advisory board or ERAB, one letter away from being called Arab.
I'm sure the rights are going to have a lot of fun with that one.
I doubt it.
Just go.
You're probably the only one who's a thought of it, but you've had a lot of time on your hands.
Now here, this paragraph here is just, I'll just read it to you.
Neil, when you start to get surly, I can't help but blame that friend of yours you live with.
First of all, I don't live with anybody.
I live alone.
If you want to have a yappy Mexican around, I suggest you get a Chihuahua.
It'll eat less, joystless, and the end-costless.
That means more would-buy money and you'll live longer.
I'm sure George is with me on that one, he says.
Sucking up to you.
Yeah, whatever.
Telling me how to live my life has no idea.
None.
Zero.
That friend of yours you live with.
I don't live with anybody.
He lives way upstairs, like in a much nicer apartment than I do.
Thanks to me.
And I'm sure that they're right.
And I don't talk about him that much because I'm sure that already without saying much,
all these desperate lifeless people out there, including maybe this go,
are imagining all sorts of things.
They're working up a frenzy and, oh, they're doing this.
They're, we ain't doing nothing.
But if you want to, if you want to hyperventilate about that and just conjure up all sorts of things in your mind,
to stimulate you, go right ahead.
Use it as a masturbatory tool.
Frankenstein pizza is maybe it's my inner junior high kid.
Oh, there's a fax coming.
Do you send it?
Yes.
Wow.
Oh, don't tell me it's another copy of the log.
Every time the fax machine goes off, it's a, it's another copy of the log over it.
Okay, so is what you're talking about.
The schedule, yeah, is that what it is?
Yeah.
It is.
Well, it's next week's this time.
I already got it.
The very first copy.
I already got it next week.
No, this is cloud-lambu.
Oh, are you kidding me?
Well, you talk about anxious people.
Cloud-lambu has signed a trod contract with the San Jose Sharks and hopes to return to the NHL after a five-year absence.
The Mua 43 was expected to report on the Sharks, A.H.L. affiliate and Worcester Mass this week.
He won four Stanley Cup titles, or earning a reputation as one of hockey stop agitators and A-holes.
Thanks, Santana from Alapada, the fake San major, it says.
Sirius Stock closed at 15.
How could it close at 15?
Oh, that's right.
They probably closed early and they be because of the holiday, you think?
Don't know.
Put my phone down and you'll pull for Eric Astrada, it says.
Good choice.
Eric Astrada, chips.
We're going to chip off the old block.
Hey, Eric, you're fair.
Another one.
Now, is he Mexican or what, Eric Astrada?
Something.
See, I don't know about you, but do you like strangers telling you how to live your life?
No.
It's one thing bad enough when they start telling you how to do the show, but at least maybe they listen to the show so they can have an opinion on that.
But when they're talking about people that they don't know, that they have no idea what the relationship is, or anything at all, who the person is, and then they start giving me advice on what to do this, do that.
I just can't deal with it.
A real Yenta, Cisco.
What are you doing over here for?
Yeah, to get advice on how to live our lives, how to do the show, how to take a dump, which hand to wipe with.
Sure.
These people are all experts.
Ask them.
They'll tell you.
Like on music.
Frank says, maybe it's my inner junior high kid, but I was rolling listening to the songs that make you throw up.
Have a nice Thanksgiving.
I'm going to try not to eat second tomorrow so I don't puke.
Frank, your friend and say, Pete.
Oh, who the hell does my eat seconds and turns tomorrow?
Puerto Rican descent.
Oh, Eric Astrada.
Yeah, I'm sure George will say that explains a lot.
Born in East Harlem, Manhattan.
Oh, that explains even more.
I got to take a hot shower.
When he was a young boy, he had a dream of being one of the most popular Latino actors.
I don't really know care.
He gives me the creeps.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
Go to his house and go to bed with him.
And he did.
I didn't want to drink.
He was going for their happy-to-be.
I did.
The biggest names, the best talent.
You're listening to Sports Radio 560 WQAM.
I am a Ford Lutter Dave.
Don't you just hate people that use snappy openers for their show segments?
Like that one to two hour.
Very man-a-low.
He's had a ton of hits, but none as painful as the one he took when he walked into a wall and broke his nose.
And now, Barry's singing about it in his brand new CD can't smell without you.
With fractured versions of Barry's heads like Copa Gavanna.
I broke my banana.
And now it's the size of her banana.
As well as a remastered and really nasally version of Mandy recorded at the moment of impact.
Oh damn it.
My nose hit the wall now we're taking.
But that's not all.
Barry Manelow's can't smell without you is swollen with hits.
You nose and love like I break the schnapps.
I made it through the pain.
Looks like I broke it and a title track with Barry's trademark hook.
You know I can't smell without you.
I can't breathe without you.
I can't sip and I can't pick.
It looks like my face was hit with a prick.
Barry Manelow's can't smell without you.
Walk into a wall Mark.
And pick up a copy today.
Oh don't break very your smell.
102 at 560 WQM we got the big coming up at two o'clock.
And then the marks are a big thanksgiving lineup.
Wow Linda and Levine 7 to 10 beast and Jesse Agri are allegedly 10 to 2.
Spector and Copa 2 to 4.
And Fowler Herbstree replay 4 to 5.
What is that?
Fowler Herbstree replay.
What in God's name is that?
Well I guess it wasn't enough to have it the first time so.
You know what Kirk Herbstree has replaced our win bag.
He's on this station like 24-7.
Pretty soon they're going to start instead of the EBS test they'll start sticking recordings with his voice out in the middle of the show.
You'll see it's the Jerk Jerk Street radio.
Well we got rid of one Jerk's centimacross the street.
Why can't we send Jerk Jerk Street across the street?
Oh you're so and wait till you hear this from Madeline.
Have you ever wondered why your callers are so angry?
It's because you're angry.
As angry as we are we can't compare to you.
Don't blame us we've learned from the best.
Have I ever said that the callers are angry?
No it'll let us know.
Just that white little lame.
Horrible.
Awful.
Not angry.
Just idiots.
Have a happy turkey day, Neil.
And a poll idea what's your favorite fast food item?
Been there done that Madeline.
Oh God.
The stench of death hovers over this whole proceeding here today.
I can smell it.
It's either very Madeline or these people.
God.
Maybe that old cool call into wishes happy Thanksgiving.
You know the one I mean?
Hey Rodgers.
And speaking of angry I didn't invent anger in South Florida.
The day that I sat down the first day on KAT.
I talked to angry old old people.
Rodgers you'll never make it six months in this market.
Yes, thank you.
And that's what I had.
KAT and some are here.
We are almost 32 years later and I'm still here.
And they're pushing up daffodils and pansies.
WQA M. Hello.
Hi Rod.
QA M. Hello.
Yes.
Hi happy Thanksgiving.
Happy belated.
Canadian Thanksgiving.
Quick question.
I heard you before talking about the Maple Leaf.
I know two asked me called in one day.
It's bad news.
How is it?
How is it?
It's all separated in Toronto which is like the capital, the world capital of hockey.
That a team is so mediocre year after year.
I mean.
They're over 50.
They don't like the way they put it.
Yeah.
Because they're sick, they're obsessed with this crap.
And they can put any crap out there on the ice.
They want it.
And they know it.
And the people continue forking out ridiculous amounts for the tickets to see good garbage.
Yeah.
I'm not pictures like the Yankees or the Cowboys being mediocre year after year.
Not just me.
Yokeur tragic. I yeah, it's like a real mystery to me because I'm sorry, you know, I know you're a big fan and
You used to see you in the arena here in your Maple Leaf Jersey, but
How good Thanksgiving on it much more than I was just curious about that. Okay, good luck to us
Yeah, I mean when you got Curtis Joseph the 89 year old goalie is your backup goal tended to a guy who couldn't stop a bowling ball from
600 yards away ruled by a two-year-old child you got some real problems obviously and the public says oh
Joe bring him back. Let's have another ceremony and retire his jersey too
Live franchise living in the past let's raise Wendell Clark's number 17 to the rafters
Let's raise this to the rap. How about we have some current players who are good?
That's somebody who could raise their number to the rafters instead of guys like a hundred years ago a
Franchise in the past kind of like the dolphins, you know, mm-hmm like the fish
Only they won their last Super Bowl about 73. Yep, at least last one to cup in 67 so there's a lot of similarity there
Franchises living in the past. Oh, just give us your money and subsidize this crap
Q.A.M. H.O. I like to chime into the program WQ. I am hello. Oh
Yes, I don't appreciate the way I'm treated when I call you
Yeah, let me ask you something are you teeth in a glass or what?
Okay, I'm not put the old self last time I called you told me to take a joke that yeah, okay
Yeah, yeah, no, no, and in your case, it's very close for you should only croque you miss it an old fart
You old turd. Why are you listening? What are you screaming about what are you listening for who's forcing you to listen?
I listen
Yeah, you get scared you're spreading around when you don't like this show and you don't like me
So what do you listen to this show for you old jackass? Oh?
Yeah, you listen and I keep asking you the question why why do you listen are you a masochist?
Get out of here you old fart happy Thanksgiving, by the way see I told you he couldn't do it
Yeah, I'm the angry one right it's me. It's my anger rubbed off on everybody
It all the old fart's in South Dakota so angry and full of hate and
Disgusting and oh god you could you could almost smell his bag spilling over you know?
Yep, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's back again see it basically because it's a holiday tomorrow
I guess the very thin crowd we got today
So we've got about the same 10 people emailing a hundred times today including yug yug yug yug yug yug
What kind of poll is this no Larry King dot? I'm his Phil Henry Howard Stern Bill Clinton
I guess we ought to let the audience build the poll
What kind of pool is this it's the pool that whoever sent it in sent it in that's what it is
Sean from Hollywood or whomever
That's what it is take it or leave it like it or lump it
Maybe we can get young young to move in with that the last that old turd that just called there you go
He called that's makers. I told you he would call tonight. Yep, because he's listening every minute
And listen to all the shows in the market. Yeah, and Windixie no doubt
Maybe sedanos
Isn't that interesting how they're trying to stir up a bunch of crap right before they have their big
Compitulation the first of the year before they throw in the towel all what would you do?
Adam in
Toronto in wherever he is he wishes it was in Toronto in the kitchen or waterloo who has no life
Hank should be the in-house announcer for the game because the guy they have now is terrible
The in-house announcer. I don't even know what that means again
If you want to come to the game the old my dad and I have an extra ticket
He could always just sit on my lap. No, thanks Adam get a life, please. Oh
I have no life god
I
Just want to jump in the stove. You don't like that stray about the dog that burned the stove we had yesterday
Yeah, I want to jump in the stove and turn it on slow cook
You know, maybe just turn it on high, you know like 650. However, highest stove goes 500 degrees
Just go in there and fry real fast
Real slow this one says thanks for making my day fly by happy Thanksgiving to you and your crew there
How about adding OJ to the pool you want to put OJ on there sure is loser sure biggest has been
I'm sure he's having a good time on the inside. Hopefully they'll never never let him out
Oh this guy this Armando Menendez you are annoying
Annoying and he said another one after this. Oh, I'm starting to take it personal. You're really pissing me off
These people think that if they send you the same crap a thousand times that you're going to pay any more attention to it
Then if you didn't pay attention the first time or two you don't know
So finally oh, and I hope he means finally, but I'm sure he doesn't finally have you or your crew seeing no end
Insight the documentary told you about me. No, I
Haven't heard you mentioned it. I haven't mentioned it because I have no idea what it's all about. I'm about to see it or anything else
Neither is George neither is Chris you guys know where to see it. What?
Right, it's a must-see Neal
Listen, hope you and yours
Poncho Pablo or whatever his name is you know the mechs have a great holiday the real Armando
Poncho Pablo the mechs
the mechs
Here's one from Michael who's an idiot also send another one after this with some cost of comments moron
Michael bird dogs scrawgons over in Fort Myers or somewhere
Neal sorry about the Jewish comment yesterday about Thanksgiving. I know you guys don't believe in Chris Chris
Chris dams
You can't even spell it Chris dams best regards Michael bird dogs
Scrawgons Marlon Meele these services and then later on he sent one that said oh say something funny or entertaining already
We're dying over here in Fort Myers say something funny. Okay. There you go or how about that you moron
Sorry about the Jewish comment. It is it isn't that it was offensive was just stupid
Do Jews celebrate Thanksgiving?
The pilgrims were Jewish and so were the Indians as a matter of fact anybody knows that right right
The Jews celebrate that that's like asking me to the goyam celebrate Purim
The reason that Jews don't celebrate Christmas is because it's a religious holiday a
Religious observance for goyam. That's why Jews don't celebrate Christmas. Thanks giving on the other hand is like you know neuter
Lucretia bustillo says
You hear the sirens coming that's for that loser in Fort Myers
Happy turkey day to you George and everyone associated with your show also wanted to say tomorrow's my 28th wedding anniversary
If you can wish me a happy wedding anniversary. Well, I sure can if I can find that the thing
Here it is
God married on a Thursday, November 27, 1980 your loyal Cuban listener Lucretia see we got some Cuban listeners out there and spider what that goofball says
Yeah
Neal why don't the dolphins just move out of town they suck. I've had enough see that this is the attitude the mentality
You don't like him don't watch him don't support him don't they go to the games that's all
Nobody hears him why don't the Leafs leave yeah, it's just it's pathetic
You know the fake Rick Riley that sent that email last week one day he was right. I'm suffering a meltdown. There's no question about it
I have never in my life been exposed to so many misfits lunatics more and I've been doing this for almost 32 years in this town
Yeah, and the calls what you know about the calls well
Yeah
But these oh, is this go is back again? He's back again
Sorry, but he didn't mean anything but just go away already take a go eat some turkey
Get out of my life get out of my effing life it's a radio show
Neal I'd ask you to put big zero on the pole, but I guess he's a never was
The big O see they're not gonna big O2 at 2 p.m. We raced to the radio to abort best you in George and okay Chris too
Thanks for playing the language listen for us. Wow yesterday. Why Brad today uh
Yadi yadi yadi love the Mickey bits to redlands Jim great
Everybody send me an email and tell me what I should play and shouldn't play besides with myself
Jim says oh, this is Jim from getsville, New York. Oh, oh
I've been away from the internet for an hour so but hasn't Rick James checked out. Yeah, so what is that got to do with it?
Don't they put a lot of people in those things posthumously? Yes, sure
Yeah, he did you made a mistake you made a mistake you made a mistake Rick James is dead
Here's one with a joke from bill
Here's Brandon Lafayb is back and I'm sure he's not related to Sylvan Lafayb
I heard you and George talking about a terrible incident that occurred with his daughter
We're all wondering what happened that I got to know
You're a hung friend Brandon. What what is he talking about we weren't talking about anything and have with your daughter
We mentioned it in passing. I mentioned it in passing all passing and I think I think what you were said none your business. That's right
The best
The fourth leader were you fudge back then?
Yes, Chris Matthews from MSNBC. Let's play high-ball
Today's the day all the insults and neck-colleagues stabs. It's very sad. It's election day
Today gotta get out there and vote. I don't care who you vote for
Obviously, that's not true if you watch my program. Of course. I can't who you vote for check into them who I'm supporting
I'm wanting why we're gonna talk to people are just voted to find out if we can see who's gonna be the next president of the United States
Certainly tell me who you voted for
Go ahead. I can't tell you I want to know
Go ahead go ahead
Go ahead. Let me go. I'm trying. It's a satellite. No, we're standing right next to my head. I'm waiting for it. Go ahead
Thank you very much. You can tell the people are all popped up and he likes it
Got a lady standing next to me wearing a Sarah Payland button. What the hell's wrong with you? Go ahead
Tell me go ahead
Your way get away from me push back. I mean nothing but sugar out there to make sure I lose my high
I'm pumping out me raising cookies like they're a crack. I've only taken two packs and no dose and down two four litre bottles of Joe color
I can't feel anything has no effect at me truth be called I haven't slept since Halloween
I've been playing cards without fracking out with balls with Bruce Breaks stealing John Cook and Mel cam
I know John doesn't like to use all three names, but I can't remember what to call him
So I just love them all together. We have a great time together
Alex Baldwin opens up the hotel window and screams the F-bomb the passing Republicans and then he sat down and ate a hole in us the rise was
Our friend down Franken seems a little depressed and despondent doesn't think he's gonna win his race for senator
Minnesota doesn't say people who elected a wrestler governor Bruce Breaks
Dean let me try his pants with the flag on the ass. I couldn't get one cheekin to him
Gotta wrap this up at the city again talking to you like an understand
Why people hate to sound of my voice?
Disparing
Rectum uh the cancer here the sound of the dial switching all over roast out Florida. Oh, yeah, I hear it
Oh, yeah, they're they're clicking the buttons to punch in them
Well, what a festival of hostility today, you know, oh must be you knew yeah, I'm the one that created that old fart
All you got to do is you know he calls on demand because he's got nothing else going on
Just call in and make gravely sounds and to spew your venom
Gotta put him on the ear. I can think of some slots. He could cut it down
Brandon Lafayve is back. He says if you Baker racked someone
He must be a danger to themselves or others. Well, Clara's is sure a danger to us
And it can only be done by a physician or a law enforcement officer
Says Brandon well at least somebody responded with that
Was hours ago I asked about that and nobody responded to other guys requesting about what kind of card I nobody
They're too busy writing hate to us mostly to hey by the way. I'm number six on the pool. I'm moving on up
The most pathetic has been
Let's see two for I'm right under David Hasselhoff. I got nine votes and right on top of Britain spirits. Oh, no
Not this little queen
Boy how talk about doing a turnabout. Oh, Jay went on ladies got seven. He's right behind me
142 vote
Keep banging away. Maybe keep banging away. Keep keep lashing out with your hostility and your hate and your
And your negativity. Oh, you're so negative knew that's because I've worked in this town this market
32 years of
Mark and Candles is I couldn't agree with you more about the McDonald's eggs
They smell nasty look like yellow and white hockey pucks
I wonder if a vestitized fellow could stop on them
I wrote a sandwich without them as much success as you have getting Paco to pay for anything. Oh, he pays for everything just with my money
Have a good Thanksgiving till crystalale off the stuffing lay off the stuffing tubby
I hope he dies. Can you get with Zach and get Chris on the same diet system make it a competition
That's the only way the only way those fat sports bags work it off their ass and I've been on it too
Set the over and under for 50 pounds. I put money on the under. This is Mark and Kendall. I hope he dies
You what what?
What do you say that I hope he dies what who marking Zach? No, Zach's my boy. He's good
Gotta gotta move up and not down guy when he did that gravely Tony sir or kusa sounding thing
That was that was he's what he's been sick this week. Maybe that's the payback for god is punishing his fat Zach
He's paying him back and he'll have a big pain in his crack make no mistake about that
Michael Jackson's waiting this full hands down my pants 29
I'm still stuck there at nine come on get the venom going man the venom as they say
Get that venom going the good hate so maybe four thanks giving
Here's one from romando or just kidding with you on last email you can see the rack document
We don't care. I don't care. I don't know about it. I don't want to hear about it
Didn't he say that was gonna be his last attempt
Toratari said
Just like Dan from Maryland who keeps threatening to go away and move to the Philippines
But never does and keeps coming up with more and more fake email addresses
No, T yet this and note at note then just crap
That this thing is opened up if you wonder why there's so many shrinks in the yellow pages
Just to take a look at these emails. We've gotten a last couple months since we've been doing this
In the beginning it started out. It was great
And then you know those people said whatever the hell I had to say and that was the end of it, you know
And now these people they they there's never any end to it over and over and over again
Here's Andy in western says if Chuck Norris can be on the pull how about including Steven Segal
And also didn't Rick James die back in 2004 isn't it hard for dead people to make a comeback
We're not saying he's gonna make a comeback he could be posthumously. Oh god. Why am I using words like that?
Oh
So should I add a ponytail
ponytail yes, Steven Segal who Steven Segal
I don't randomly. You don't care. He's small potatoes to me one way or the other
And we know Rick James is dead. He's still dead by the way. He's still dead
Is he got he's got the what no votes
I mean Mark Clayton's got no votes and how the hell is he belonging on the pull did just totally inane
I'd find Sean from Hollywood. I haven't be corrected and put him in the same cell with clearance. That'll shape him up real fast
Put him in the same cell. I can solitary for about a month
What are we gonna do about that situation nothing
Nothing nothing
How's that text messaging thing coming?
Filst is I have the worst airline story of all I
Was flying back from Hawaii connecting to the American airline Red Eye from San Fran after the five plus hour flight from Hanalu
The flight was full. I was sandwiched between two overweight women one with a one and a half year old baby on her left
The baby cried for the whole flight loudly the flight attendant was apologetic
It was 1995 before they became militant, but there wasn't an empty seat on the plane to move to
Upon landing in Miami. I gathered up my luggage thankful the nightmare was over
But it wasn't I picked up my two surfboards only defined that American Airlines amaz to break them both in half. Oh happy days
Regarding Thanksgiving turkeys got to be the most overrated food in history
I think it sucks. I cook Italian Thanksgiving with lasagna and other delicious dishes
I'm not even Italian and by the way the person calling himself the Whistler is a fraud
The real Whistler lives in Bend, Oregon. His name is Ed the Whistler Charlotte. I've heard him and he's amazing
Oh, I know that I'm gonna be in a rubber room by two o'clock no question
The biggest name
You know
The biggest names the best talent is the mad dog
You managed after noon sport a seven sports radio five sixty qa.m. The sports leader
It's hard to be a dude on Christmas
Oh my friends well let me join in any game
And I can't sing Christmas songs or decorate a Christmas break or leave water out for
Because there's something wrong with me my people don't believe in Jesus Christ
Of energy
I'm a Jew
Alone lead you
On Christmas
Honaka is nice but why is it
That Santa passed over my house every year
And instead of eating ham I have to week oh you're like
Instead of silent night I'm singing
No, I don't copy
And what the f**k is that
We're sliding all these f**king candles tell me please
I'm a Jew
Alone lead you
I can't be married
Cause I need room
On Christmas
Hey little boy I couldn't help but hear you feeling left out of Christmas cheer
But I've come to say that you shouldn't be sad
This is the one month that you should be glad
Cause it's nice to be a Jew
On Christmas
You don't have to deal with the season at all
You have to be on your best behavior
Or give to charity
You don't have to go to grandma's house with your alcoholic family
I don't have to do on so big Santa's father
Have a reason to think he passed on me
That's right
You're a Jew
A styling Jew
It's a good time to be a Jew
On Christmas
On Christmas
I'm dying over here
132 don't forget all your kids out here it's a Goyeshiavelle
Jason who's a real idiot says I would recommend 1986 viewer cutless supreme
Okay
First of all, viewer didn't make the cutless
Did they?
I had a cutless cutless was a old one
They were that old as a wheel?
Yeah, and I'm sure this guy wants to buy a 22 year old car Jason get a life okay
I'm dying over here. Oh my god. I don't know what it is. Maybe the plane maybe the ship landed today
Maybe all these people are imposter's but we know they're all imposter's anyway
I mentioned this to Tubby at the beginning before the show started and I think it belongs on the air since he's such a great defender of Joey Porter
Dolphins linebacker Joey Porter's actions during the fourth quarter of Sundays lost to the Patriots served as a clear
Active insubordination against his coaches and he's acknowledged his wrongdoing to his teammates and his coaches
Porter who already apologized to coach Tony soprano also stood in front of the team
Yesterday and said he was wrong to stand the game against soprano's orders
According to two players who asked not to be identified
Linebacker Charlie Anderson attempted twice to replace Porter in between places on plays under the coach's orders
Porter didn't bolt budge
He bulged
During the fourth quarter when temperate slared on both sides of the ball
Porter was hit with two personal files the league is reviewing both to determine whether he'll be fine
Oh, we're fine
Linebacker Channing Crowders fight with offensive tackle mad light which resulted in injections for both is also being reviewed
Joey Porter had to apologize because he's a moron
And you're here defending him yesterday and Monday
Wait, I didn't defend him. I said you didn't see the play
So then what are you talking about you know what you remind me of
What you remind me of these all these football experts who are assigned to go to one game and cover one game every week
And and a lot of us who have the football package the NFL package we see more football any given Sunday than they'll ever see
Because we have all the games right blah blah blah blah
They're opening up their big mouth and talking about stuff. They didn't even see I didn't open my big mouth
You asked me the question and I gave you an open up big mouth and said what's wrong with Joey Porter?
What's wrong with that because you didn't see the thing that happened again? He's an a hole. You got it
He's a major major ass
You get the whole picture sure good
That was up 33 points. Boy, thank God. It's 135. I am needing these next four days like you wouldn't believe
Yeah
Am I is it just me or these people extra crazy today extra nuts the holidays, you know
No, yeah brings out the best of them
Mike says this morning. I had to unfortunately travel to downtown Miami for business
I started my drive with 610 to hear about any potential traffic delays on 95
I found myself listening to Jimmy syphilis doing a pull on which president would you want to eat dinner with he was going on and on and on how he
Want Ronald Reagan over for dinner and how Baba hasn't received any votes on the online pool
Excuse me
I decided to change the channel over to Buckethead which I found him speaking with Drew Rosenhausstein courts
Greg
Joe was going on on on about how
Drew has a different young tail every couple of weeks at that point
I decided to continue my driving pure silence as I showed off the radio
local radio is w e a k besides Neil God week
thanks Mike
How do you like that?
Drew Rosenstein aren't you interested in how he's doing with the ladies? I'm not no
I'm interested in the fact that he's still alive and we still keep putting him on the air
See you people that keep giving me crap about putting this Chris Matthews on too much and this bit in that bit
How about bitching and moaning about the fact that this radio station keeps putting the same losers on the air as guests and paying them I believe they like that you know oh
Sam says I've come to concur Neil people down here are so
GD rude I want to scream just went out to pick up a few things for dinner and this ass wipe in the line in the store kept
Pushing up against me as if that would make the checkout line move faster this one on for about five minutes almost
Let him what does it say almost lit him up but just ignore it
Then leaving in the parking lot the bitch also ran right over next to my car
Almost ran over me everyone slow down take it easy enough crap to Sam
I really wanted to wish you Georgian Chris a happy Thanksgiving. I'll be listening Monday
Love the show and thanks for all the great entertainment. I said thanks Sam
How do you like that?
People in the supermarket. I can't believe that in the parking lots in the Florida. No, can't believe that not in Florida
The nicest people who never lived
Are in Florida
Kathy says wanted to give you a belated thank you for mentioning that Wendy's burger give a weighing downtown for a lot of day the other day
Made it over there just in time to get a single with the works before they ran out and got a gift card
They gave him out if you sign up for a drawing for a burger for a burger a week for a year
Don't know how many of the people I saw there were because of you or just getting word around
But thought you'd like to know that we're living and breathing people there some of the homeless who live in the parking a lot of the
Library of course, but there also guys that look like they work in construction some guys in suits from companies nearby quite a few young people
I believe they came from the college near here a branch of FIU I think it says
They helped me out a lot because they've been out of work for two months unemployment is jerking me around
They say they're backed up having investigated my claim yet. Just keep claiming weeks if I live long enough to find some money
Same thing the medical insurance does as long as they don't make a decision. I can't file an appeals
Should they say no meanwhile the company I work for is going out of business. Sorry Kathy
I'm trying to reach my floater representative, but he just got elected Florida Senator
So also too busy changing everything answer the phone have a great turkey day off and win a lot on the slots. Thanks Kathy
Good luck. Georgia will send you back a month
Get away from Kathy some of these
You know
Fortress DQAM
The fourth leader
Floridians dumb as dirt
Everybody's head about the bed
The faster when a winner when a man
Is a way what's not sad it's a turkey ring in the turkey. You know why people in this country get five
Thanks to a big fat turkey
Cool being no time
So close to face give me go and set your turkey free
This is a birdie
When a bird is a when a man
When a man
When a man
When a man
When a man
When a man
Do we need your turkey for a play?
Why is a big getting it? You got a character
What do you mean you're hooked to third four five two days and don't forget the right
But what kind of turkey are you looking for?
A spotlight that can do tricks. Yeah, a turkey that can be tricks. Yeah, that turkey stuff
Thanks giving again
And we're bling thing up
Didn't supposed to be the big finale when the turkey jumped through the ring of fire
Don't shoot now
When a man
Everybody know what the bird is
A when a man
When a man
When a man
When a man
When a man
When a man
So let me ask you the orthodox juzie ham on Thanksgiving. The oh, what do you think with bacon 144 to 560 WQM
The big oh is coming along you two see if he wants to do an extra 15 minutes good god
And speaking of idiots here's gyro 26 member him
Yep, I already blocked him at least once but he just keeps coming back on there
Now maybe you can explain to me how that happens because he's using the same email address
Maybe different computer
Different computer so it's still working
I'm just gonna keep blocking him man talk about an a hole
I agree with grubba please cut way back on the disney and chris Matthews bits and
Contrary to what you may believe a lot of your listeners also listen to 790
It's not just sports hating faggots and faggags who listen to your show
Well, what is that supposed to mean like I care what they else they listen to listen to what you like
loser listen to what you like
I'm just gonna keep blad wouldn't even waste my time opening up those anymore
Just keep blocking and blocking that's that's you know, it's like the phone
I'm your friend, you know, it narrows down to a bunch of misfits
And you block and you block and you block and there's a basically nobody left
Except yug yug yug and you know two or three others who send 400 emails a day
But it's today before Thanksgiving. So that's something we got to be thankful about is we're not gonna be here the next four days
Mikey says longtime listener a few times caller Mikey not Mickey
In addition to which I don't play those Mickey Mouse bits that that often
very seldom
Almost always upon request am I right right?
Just wanted to wish you in Georgia very happy and healthy holiday and spider what everybody says
Georgia's the next best pleasant to when you're busy living your life somewhere else
Regarding an article you mentioned the other day about satellite radio. I don't know if anyone else touched on this I
Listen to something called Pandora on my phone. No, nobody touched it
I get to program my own music and it's free sometimes I feel like listening to hard rock other times
He's he listening whatever I like I get on my iPhone. Yes, so we need satellite plus stern blows says Mikey. How do you like that?
There's a little known fact stern blows
You want me to check that stock one more time if you want to
Because I think the market closed to 1230. I'm not really sure and I don't care
Because here comes the bunny and there goes your money. It closed at
16 cents so whoever said it closed at 15 cent is full of crap 16 cent don't sell those guys short now, okay
They are serious people
181 votes on the pool who's the most pathetic has been
Michael Jackson 35 OJ Simpson 16 Gary Coleman 16 Jose Kansaka 15 Chuck Norris 14 David's Hasselhoff 14 Neil Rogers 11
I'll ride Brittany Spears 10
Brigitte Nielsen 8 Steve Kane Mr. Ego 7 now. He's not a husband. I'll say it again. I never was
Never had a number, but you know something he goes out there and sells all those body parts spots more power to him everybody's got to make a living
Cory Feldman 5 Stephen Baldwin 5 Chevy Chase 5 Erika Strata 5 vanilla ice 3 Jan Michael Vincent 3 Cory Hame 2
Pete Rose 2 Kathleen Turner 2 MC Hammer 1 1 for the hammer Mark Clayton 1. I have no idea why
Christie Brinkley 1 and none yet for Steven Seagal Rick James Peter Frampton or Philip Michael Thomas, you know Rick James is still dead
Why is it so complicated for them to figure out that somebody a lot of times people are inducted into halls of fame?
posthumously
Yeah
Oh, this is bad. This is from grubba. I'm not reading it. You're an idiot
An anti-cuban slur what a moron
What a jerk
Yeah, over the when I come back over the weekend. I'm gonna start
Blocking blocking. I'll tell you the other day. Well, but we got sidetracked. There's a better way just forward that to Eric with a little no
You know something in the subject line like block this yeah, and he'll block it at the at the IP URL level at the source. Yes
The gyro you know they hear the people that have been sending 65,000 emails day after day
Well, you know you're such a jerk and people listen to seven. I what do I care what they listen to okay?
We'd like to have everybody listen to us all the time
Which it's only a miracle that we ever get any new listeners because there's no promotion
And nobody listens to a.m. Radio under the age of 100 but other than that
So we do the best we can okay
No, you don't know it's not just sports faggot. Yeah, well who the hell else would listen to that crap? Who else? Who else would listen to that garbage?
On and on and on about the game the same stuff the game and the joc and whose
Jack strapped was the wetdest and who oh my god
It's like insanity it's like mass madness
And of course when you don't have a life at all like a lot of these losers
This is the kind of stuff you get all whipped up about stuff. We don't care about you care about it. What exactly?
How about you Fatso? Nope
Fatso's already he's envisioning the feast for tomorrow
I don't you feel bad for me that there's no we already had Canadian Thanksgiving back early October
I was I didn't get I didn't get any turkey and the accoutrements back then
Which quite frankly, I don't know if they do that here in Canada whether they
Celebrate the same way and eat the same kind of meal on Thanksgiving. I have no idea
I didn't see it available anywhere and out here at his US Thanksgiving tomorrow. I'm stuck here in Toronto
We're actually having ham tomorrow, so oh
Fae yeah
Ham is tasteless. You know one thing about turkey one thing about ham is tasteless. What are you talking about?
What I've got to show you a bunch of stuff on exactly
Hands like just like ham turkey is like vanilla ice cream
Unless you put gravy or something on it it has no taste. It's is virtually tasteless. Did he the turkey you've had?
Yeah, I've had some these in turkey, but apparently not gravy
What apparently not yeah, I've got a little few good ones
Yeah turkeys oh yeah
A US man who signs himself God has been told he uses real name by February 14th. He loses driver's license
This isn't some brit thing. That's why it says you owe from the BBC the real stuffy style GVBC
Pennsylvania's Department of Transportation told Paul Suule 40 he must have read a wrist license if he can't provide proper identification
A week ago Berks County Elections Board questions Suule's God signature out of order registration form
What if he would assign?
I think I'm going to try doing that like on checks
Suule a bond enforcement agent said he used the name as people often cried oh God when he tracked them down
Wow you believe that?
Nope, Pennsylvania state law requires a person to write their normal signature on their license
It can also withhold licenses from those not entitled to one who can't provide proper RID or whose
Use of fraudulent means to obtain one
You hear the sirens coming to take you away
coming to take God
He said his colleagues thought fugitives calling him God was funny and started using it as a nickname
Kind of like
Whenever I go to arrest somebody they say oh God give me another chance. Oh God
I'll turn myself into moral Suule said he said he couldn't see why a signature was a problem. I have a credit card with it
He said
Well, I would like to have an American distress that just said God on it
Mr
Suule called on the Berks County Court to intervene after receiving the Department of Transportation's
Letter on Tuesday. He said I don't know why they're canceling my driver's license that I've had since age 16
Now I'm 40 mr. Suule signed his appeal God
The Pennsylvania Department of Transportation is declined to comment
This and God boy you people are really got really got some nerve
And Pennsylvania
Ever driven through Pennsylvania the worst roads. Oh my god. Western Pennsylvania
Nope Pennsylvania turnpike the worst roads tunnels and all oh
Yuck yuck yuck says screw you what is wrong with you? I want to email you once today you're full of crap
Why are you attacking me for email you're full of crap
You just answered your own question
Then it says why did you mention Steve Kane what a piece of poop because he's on the pole as it never was
That's why they've all got some complaint you notice?
Mm-hmm. Oh, I got some complaint 190 votes on fact Chris's pull and I got 13 to them. I'll ride lucky number
I think we'll have a banner day at woodbuy in the morning
See tomorrow morning is a good day for that kind of stuff here because early in the morning
There's no traffic
Although it's not a holiday here, but if you go early enough and everybody's got to work tomorrow here
So like woodbuy and it'll be empty you can you can play any machine you want mine
That great
So I'll get up real early in the morning just to piss off that Chris. Oh, it's a holiday. You don't have to work
Why would you get up because I want to
Get up as early as you want brother. There you go. Thanks fat Chris and don't eat too much. You know what? Okay. You had out on a Friday too
Do what go out there on Friday too
Have a wonderful Thanksgiving everybody and thanks for all the wonderful emails to them
The best talent your business for today you're 560 QAM the fourth leader
It's day
You're Miami Town
At 560 WQ
The children gather round the trucks on snowy Christmas Eve
They stand in white for red cross grade the moldy surplus cheese
Is Christmas
In Bosnia when
And of these are friends
The only time of year when nobody finds up dad
The part my friends is bestowed with colorful eyes
And all the riding carcasses are brushed to the side
Is Christmas
In Bosnia when kids come out to play
Taking him won't walk through a minefield and exchange grenades
The human parents shoot it in something that's of ease
The new one by Tally's mother's joy in under the
Cos it's Christmas
In Bosnia there's a ribbon and a mirror
It's a crime freeze of the religious codes in the market of the earth
But you got yours and I've got my youth there's anyway
That it's Christmas
In Bosnia
Not you
Bye bye bye
The biggest names of the best talent
At your home for Miami golf and football
Born 3DO 560 WQ AM
Miami scored a lot of days
We're not gonna lie down for some Fred Boy Boston with his damn TV sandals
And his skull bandit and his abacrombie and bitch long sleep open stitch crew neck
Henley smoking a sticky ball down the sky
I'm watching his favorite downloaded seasons
