The music's fresh, the preview is fresh.
Wow, your sister's back.
That must be where Joe got the drugs.
Gap and collars.
And do not reflect those things.
Good, not for me.
It's staffed, advertising, for ages.
The biggest thing is that we can announce that.
I don't feel those drugs really well.
You're just a bad guy, you're a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're just a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're just a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're just a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're just a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're just a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're just a bad guy.
You're just a bad guy, you're just a bad guy.
Oh no.
I knocked you out of the audition line and I didn't have my mic open.
What a star.
What an idiot.
Minion.
10-01 at 560 WQAM.
Happy Tuesday to you, boy.
If we got some kind of a show today, some kind.
Of course, it's always some kind.
The first facts that came through during the show is
percolating through my machine right now.
Yeah, just like that.
And you know what it says?
What?
See, it was really good that the guy sent me the information about
Randy Michaels being involved in the Chicago Tribune Company and WDGN and all these.
And of course, all the newspapers that the Tribune owns like the scum sentinel.
I thank him again profusely and then I looked up Randy Michaels.
I googled it and seen what he's up to now.
And it's after destroying radio stations all those years and being a
legendary egotistical maniac.
Now he's destroying newspapers.
So here's the first email of the morning.
It says the first suspended game in the history of the world series.
And not a word about it today.
Scum sentinel on unbelievable, unbelievable, unbelievable.
Not very believable because they go to they go schluff and man 9 9 30.
You're looking for a late score for a ballgame.
Forget about the scum sentinel ain't going to be in there.
I think what they're doing is like they're there.
This is the Randy Michaels F and way.
They're running like a skeleton cruiser.
They got about 10 pages to the whole newspaper and they probably got 15 employees over there.
They probably got Tom jicke cranking out the printing press.
Do you get the scum sentinel?
I don't touch these local rags with tongs with gloves.
You're lucky.
Like I said yesterday just before 2 o'clock I said I'm going to go in the other room and scrub down like a surgeon before an open heart surgery.
Because last week when I was down here every day I touched that rag the scum sentinel.
And I wanted I wanted to wash the sins of Randy Michaels.
Biased politically biased non news politically biased.
Well what articles are you talking about?
You can't complain about their articles because there aren't any.
It is the worst piece of turd I have ever seen in my life.
I wouldn't be so I still think Joe Bell is involved.
It's got to be so George is back with us today.
He was a pukin and crappin.
Speaking of crappin I'm going to be do that very soon.
I'm going to be doing jokes.
I can feel it.
It is so freaking cold here man.
It's plus two that's 35 degrees.
Sonny shine and it looks really nice.
And then I made about a quarter of I made a bad mistake.
I thought well like yesterday I'm going to crack the window a little bit.
Little fresh here in here.
Oh boy it's fresh all right.
It feels like I've gotten lost in the Arctic tundra.
Whatever that means.
Fat Chris is back with us today which is right that down on the calendar George.
Okay.
Fatso showed up on Tuesday.
Wow is that how it's supposed to be here?
I don't even know where to begin with you.
I ripped you a fat ass yesterday so fat that even you would be embarrassed.
And why was that?
And well deserved because you show up lately whenever the hell you feel like it.
I do.
You weren't here on Friday.
That's because I was off.
Why?
That's because it was scheduled off and I even before I took it off I asked all parties involved here if that was cool and they said yes.
And yesterday I was scheduled off again.
Why is that?
I don't know.
You should ask Clarence.
No let me ask you this question.
We went through this just before I went on vacation the last day before I left and I thought we had this straightened out.
I thought your allegiance and your number one priority was being the board operator on this program.
Correct.
And they got them working all weekend.
No no no no no this crap about they got him working.
I thought I thought we had discussed this.
Yeah we did.
We can discuss the only job on this radio station is to do this what you're doing right now on this show says anybody that's what he was hired to do that's what he's been doing for this year in a half.
He was already working here before before he wound up on this show.
He wound up on this show because Josh Curtis got promoted to being a cheap book and body washer and that horseball website.
The one where that thing keeps moving up and down the left side and locking in my picture.
There aren't any people epto enough epto enough to do what he does on the weekend.
But you know something?
Let them hire somebody.
I would love them too.
And it's always this show.
We always get this short end of the stick.
This is what is really frost in my ass.
And I thought you were going to go in here and take your pants down and take a wild,
who's in dire way of dump on clearance's desk and tell him no more of this crap.
I did the last part of the deal.
I'm coming over yesterday morning at 8.25 and I'm listening to,
hello, you kneel you there?
Hello, poor flea.
And don't knock flea.
Thank God he's there because at least we got somebody who's crazy enough to show up on his show.
And he hasn't got the right pottle open so he can't hear me.
And I sent him a fax saying, I'm here, but you can't hear me.
Get an engineer or something.
I have to get you a phone number.
I'll ask you seven minutes later, 8.52 a.m.
Oh, hi Neil.
I'm sorry.
Oh, hi Neil.
You know, he flees a little squeaky.
It's a madhouse.
And the audience thinks I make these things up and I exaggerate.
It's a freaking madhouse.
And when George keeps saying it's not a radio station, that's the other statement of the century.
It's a it's a it's a GD madhouse.
And we always not usually not sometimes always get to short end of the stick.
Because what's more important than ball games, we got the the rest of game five of the World Series coming up tonight.
With any luck to fillies will end it, put the raise out of their misery or they suck.
I mean granted they had a sensational season, but they suck.
Since they took the devil out of devil raise man, they just ain't what they used to be.
So what's the story, Chris?
You working the show? Are you leaving us?
I'm hoping to be working the show.
I'm trying to get off working Sunday, so I'm here Monday through Friday.
Well, the football season goes on for two more freaking months.
And I told I told them when they put me on a month ago, I go, look, I don't want to do Sundays.
I'm helping you out right now, but I don't want to be doing this the whole season.
Oh, we'll see what we can do.
Who told you that Jack asked clearance?
Yes.
Simple pimple clearance.
I'm going to tell you seriously, you need to go in there right now during the first break.
I want to keep taking a patch down and do a big oozing pile of wild bloody guy.
We are right on his hand. Forget about that.
Well, I was right on his hand.
Like Chris Barrow your contract for a while.
Yeah, exactly.
When he's done our barrow it too.
There you go again, defending the indefensive.
What do you mean what do you?
Listen, listen to you.
He needs to show up on his show.
Mr. Attitude, our fireproof.
No one else that I know in the world is.
What does that mean?
That you can't be fired and you're the only person that I can...
Where do you come up with that?
Based on your contract.
Oh.
Yeah.
And everyone else I know in the world can be fired for coming into work with the wrong hairstyle.
For looking at somebody the wrong way.
Or any or no reason.
My contract says I can be fired for any or no reason.
I don't blame him.
And that's what everybody else has too.
I don't even know if Chris has a contract.
No, I don't have one on the scene.
Chris has a contract.
Yeah, not at all.
I mean they could fire him by a text message.
On a whim.
And since you're getting paid hourly.
This seems to be the general consensus, including flea.
And you're always whining you don't have any money.
It would seem to me that a fatso like you would want to come in and sit there on your ass for the four hours.
You can't eat or get fat or sit in there.
You just burn a calorie or two reaching around and pushing a few knobs.
What would be the problem with that?
And then you knew that George wasn't coming in.
See, this is the problem.
No, George said if I still got sick, I won't be here.
George sent you the same text message as Sunday night that he sent me.
Okay, and he said, I'm dying on the hand.
And I won't be in tomorrow probably.
Okay, so now do you want to even have your flea got a hold of you yesterday
and you knew that George wasn't going to be here yesterday.
You still wouldn't get your fat ass off the couch or out of the sack or whatever you were doing and come in and bail us out.
Well, see, I thought about it for a second.
And then I remember last summer when George came in one day.
I think it was a Thursday.
It came in and felt really sick and went home before the show started.
So when we said, and then you were off the next day.
And we said, well, you're going to be here tomorrow, George is sick.
And you said, no, it's my day off.
I'm not coming in and get someone else to do it.
So they did.
They got beast to do it and I did the show with beast.
So I said, well, if you could take the day off on your scheduled day,
I could take the day off on my scheduled day.
I'm not getting paid by the hour.
That was a total non-antitude of what I just asked you.
I did a 20 to 21 hours here Friday Saturday Sunday.
So I figured I could use the day off.
Oh, no loyalty.
Please said he's ready to take over the job.
I doubt it.
Well, he said he can't afford to pay cup.
No.
No loyalty.
I come back from vacation.
I sit here, come in.
You know, same time as always, just any morning, around 830ish.
And go through a half hour of hell.
And I'm thinking, who the hell am I going to call?
Me?
What am I going to call you for?
You're not there.
I'm going to call Lee and say, hey, Lee, you don't have this pot.
That pot here is Neil's phone number.
Where I would have to pay his phone number.
You got to pot.
That's probably where you weren't here yesterday.
Yeah, that's a bad weed.
No, please said you actually have good weed.
That's right.
Everybody knows that.
That's what he said.
Uh-huh.
Got some good fake emails yesterday from my Adam Kirschner and Johnny Dork.
And yeah, a lot of fake people out there.
By the way, Barry, Jackass, get your numbers right.
Five to seven a.m.
You got a totally, uh, ass backward.
He had them winning across the street.
If I feel like it, I'll reach in the, um, in the room closet there where I stuck that stuff that you faxed me.
And read the real number five to seven a.m.
You got a totally wrong there, Barry.
Hey, Barry, you idiot.
You Jackass.
Boy, there's so many Jackass's in so little time.
One day, I mean, one week.
Before the election.
Some of the biggest ideas in history have come from our small businesses and our research facilities.
That was up to 130 point.
Boy, we're really on.
This is going to be a great day.
I think tonight I'm going to wood buying with about 50 billion dollars.
The lot of was 16 million tomorrow night.
Do you think I should play it?
Whatever.
Play a few dollars.
Five one 16 million.
I guarantee I won't be here on Thursday.
I'll send you a message and a Bible.
I wouldn't like Ontario when it was supposed to be a text down the old Hershey highway.
Yeah, I'll send you a text message saying, see ya.
Oh, you're going to have to pay taxes on that to the US.
You'd master here.
And then of course, a few people bitching me out because I didn't vote.
George didn't vote.
That's because he can't because he's an illegal alien in Florida.
I'm voting a whole bunch of times illegal.
I'm voting a whole bunch of times illegally, as is my style.
And Chris, of course, is going to vote.
You're going to stand in line for three hours in vote?
I hope not for three hours, but I'm going to vote.
Oh, yeah.
I won't do it.
I will not wait for you.
I won't wait in line.
I don't like waiting in line for 10 minutes in the supermarket.
I'm sure it's not going to go somewhere.
And the whole week I was there, that's all they kept talking.
Oh, the lines are just unbelievable.
And only 17 voting places in all of Broward County.
I mean, what kind of horse ball garbage is that?
They keep urging you.
Oh, you've got to vote.
It's so important.
And then they make almost impossible for you to vote.
And election day's not even a damn holiday.
Ask backwards country, man.
Ask backward.
And that Rachel Maddo.
When are going to take that big shot here?
Boy, she bugs me.
She is annoying.
Have you ever watched her show after her older man?
I have seen it.
Oh.
She's just something about her.
I don't know.
I don't have any problem with dikes.
Although the TV dikes.
I'm not that fond of.
Ellen leaves me limp.
I don't see any talent.
They're rosy as obnoxious.
And Rachel Maddo is just an overman wannabe.
She's like his appendage.
Like she's glued to his hip.
10.14 a.m.
We.
On.
No.
Me?
Yeah.
Hi guys and gals.
I'm Alaska governor, Sierra Pellan.
When I'm not shooting Carabou from a helicopter,
after hovering 50 feet off the ground.
I'm a 44 year old wife, mother, and future grandmother
of an illegitimate child conceived out of wedlock.
But I'm also an endorser, and I'm here today
to tell you folks about an exciting new perfume
for you gouged out there.
It's called Pena Costo perfume.
Mwah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah.
Fah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah.
Nymned after the religious practice,
I no longer associate myself with due
to its controversial nature.
Pena Costo perfume will make you smell divine.
And make you speak in tongue, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah.
It's perfect for all occasions, whether you're hunting or running
or taking a field trip to the nuclear plant.
Gosh darn it, this is a fragrance for all you gouged.
Other perfumes just pale in comparison.
I'm fear of pale and I approve this fragrance.
Raa, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah, nagah.
Raa, ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
And it's almost Halloween.
The demons are out, baby.
She's a devil.
Mm-hmm.
And you know that preacher that she had that the witch doctor.
Yeah, the witch doctor.
Ooh, ee, ee, ee, ee, ee.
Anyway, here's Brandon just emailed me some crap.
Early voting dates, Monday, October 20th,
the Sunday, November 2th.
So I guess the day before Election Day, next Monday, no, no go.
And early voting hours, this is for a Broward.
Dave County, you got your issues, you know.
They started the last week early and this week,
11 o'clock in the morning.
Broward early voting hours, Monday, Tuesday, Friday, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.,
Saturday, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., Sunday, 1 to 4 p.m.,
1 to 4 p.m., right in the middle of the football games are on.
God, what kind of madness is that?
1 to 4 p.m., right in the middle of NFL Sunday?
You people must be crazy.
Now here are the wait times this morning, okay, as a public service,
even though I'm not voting.
I still haven't got my absentee ballot.
Every day I go to the mailbox and I know it's not going to be there.
And you know what?
What?
It's not.
Dave Cooper City Branch Library and Davey, one hour wait.
That's this is as of 10, 14 this morning, six minutes ago.
Main library in Fort Lauderdale, 100 South Andrews Avenue, hour and a half wait.
North region library, BC.
What I asked that yesterday.
What does that mean?
BC beside British Columbia.
What does that stand for?
Broward College.
Broward College formerly known as Broward Community College.
They changed the name.
Yeah, it's for your college.
A lot of me, one hour.
Oh, by the way, don't ever go to the Seminole Casino and Coke on a creek.
Okay, you didn't go to about 50 years when you're old enough to go.
Okay, God.
First of all, it's small and dinky and the people inside are all over the age of a thousand.
They've got a buffet, a buffet for old Jews, man.
It's just under the worst swill I've ever just horrible.
Don't go there.
Northwest Regional Library, 31 51 University Drive Coral Springs, only a 45 minute wait.
Parkland Library and Parkland, one hour wait.
I'm only going to read the ones where the weight is short, relatively speaking.
Supervisor elections at Lauderdale Mall, one hour wait.
And Lauderdale, you sure don't want to go there.
West Regional Library, 86 01 West Broward Boulevard and Plantation, only an hour and a half wait.
Jesus, if I was there right now, I'd take off and go vote.
No, I wouldn't.
Hour and a half wait.
It's just not right.
It's just bogus, man.
It's bogus.
And the Republican legislature, which I noticed, what's your name?
Rachel was a babbling about this last night with Howie Dean.
And where the hell does she come off saying that the early voting is light?
That it's not there.
There doesn't seem to be this.
I don't know.
Where was she come up with crap like that?
I don't know.
And how are you looking?
They're like, what is wrong with you?
You bulldog bitch.
What is wrong?
Put on some makeup.
Put on some makeup.
Look like a woman.
What is it with dicks that want to look?
You know, I mean, I understand if you're like just an ordinary person, but when you're in the media,
and you have to go out of your way to look extra daiki.
I don't know.
What is it with dicks in their version of makeup?
That would look more like a man.
Is that what it is?
Well, she's here doing a hell of a good job of that.
Rachel Maddell.
Oh, you've got to be more supportive of Rachel.
She's doing a wonderful job.
Yeah, right.
All this, by the way, Neil at NeilRodges.com.
If we're going to get any emails today, it's been pretty light one week before election day.
And don't be sent to me any of that right wing propaganda, Jonathan.
That was up 173.
What Americans have done throughout our history?
I think he's got it.
I don't want to make a premature evaluation, but I just, I can't see any way they're going to fix it this time.
You know what I mean?
Oh, you know, don't underestimate them now.
I know that.
Never underestimate the Nazis.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
What would you wait in line for several hours to vote?
273 votes.
Yes, it's too important not to vote 578.
No, fing way 359.
That's what I have voted.
At least I was honest.
I could have come on here and said, oh, I waited four hours in line in plantation.
I voted to the line.
Why didn't I even go over there?
I saw on TV that they were lined up 85,000 deep and I thought to myself, you have to be a maniac to subject yourself to that.
Already did wait several hours and voted 218.
Well, good for you.
Thank God.
You folks have to, you know, you have to fill in the breach for us for us slackers.
I vote absentee 93.
And I would, but they never bother sending me the ballot.
Second election in the row.
2004, Carrie, I would have voted for that goofball and never got the absentee ballot.
Same thing this time.
And I downloaded all the stuff and printed it all out the forms and I filled it out weeks ago, weeks ago.
I don't vote 25.
I'll shame on you.
Voting is your patriotic duty.
And if George were a citizen and not an illegal alien from Cuba, he could, he would go vote right now.
If that Chris is probably going to take off right now, go over and vote.
Yes, he later.
Yeah, when surprised me.
I'm yesterday.
I was as furious with you and you know, George will tell you and Chris already knows this.
I'm the easiest person to work with on any shows of all the people in the history of this business.
I don't bitch anybody out.
I don't get all psychotic.
I just, you know, I hope everybody shows up every day and does the best they can.
That's all.
And especially people are getting paid nickels and dimes like fat Chris.
He can barely, he can barely go out and get the name Snickers bars with almonds, which I had two of them yesterday.
I'm not going to go through that thing with my weight.
When I was down there, I ate and ate and ate and ran to the tea room.
I had joy.
That's all there is to do.
That's right.
That's right.
Oh, they got her extra wired today.
And we do.
We thank you for your service and for your sacrifice.
And now, Pennsylvania, it's going to be a hard cheat.
You know that that the preacher she's got that the which doctor, he needs to a lasso harass and tie her up.
She's definitely bitch craft.
There's no question about it.
She's crazy.
Then a bed bug dangerous.
One thing about crazy people like Renfield, you know, he was kind of like.
What?
That's so dangerous.
Oh, if you're a cockroach, he's very dangerous.
Yeah, that's true.
If you were an insect, it was just extremely dangerous.
Things up.
God, she is scary.
Okay, 26 past 10 at 560 WQM.
Let's take a look at that schedule.
We got the big O rock solid from 2 to 4 who kicked their ass across the street.
5 to 7 a.m.
I'll get that thing out of the drawer and give the right number.
Barry Jack asked me either made a mistake or lied.
And when I was down there, I heard Sid the Yid.
Oh my God.
Just horrendous.
Horrendous.
With just one boring guest after another on the phone, ponderous.
And according to him, every guest is the greatest guest in history, mankind.
You ever hear Sid the kid?
He talked to me.
He blows.
Mandate it.
Shulas, stay two, four to seven.
Then we got dolphin tonight, seven to wait.
The word show in the history of radio.
And then after that, we got the World Series game five, pick up and progress tied to two at the end of five.
Boy, they played, they continued playing their last night in just pouring rain.
What were those umpires thinking about, Chris?
I don't know.
I didn't watch the game.
I haven't watched any of it.
I don't care for either team, so I don't either.
That's why I'm not watching.
And I don't mind the rays.
I was pulling for them to beat the Red Sox only because I'm sick and tired of the freaking Red Sox and their fans.
Same here.
Oh God.
I'm tired of those people.
How about the Patriots by the way, five and two?
How about my boy, Matt Castle?
Us you're back on that bandwagon again.
I never got off of it.
You said they were going to suck.
They do suck.
So they're five and two.
They've been playing a bunch of little girls teams.
Okay.
They do suck.
You tell me that they're good.
I don't know.
I've been on the game.
But the game is mediocrity, baby.
That's where it's at.
Who they play?
No Lawrence Maroney.
They got Rodney Harrison's out.
He's going to retire.
He's finished for the year.
He's done.
She player.
Brady keeps getting all these infections in his knee because he's probably got syphilis from all that screwing around.
He's doing all over the world.
Let's go help him get better.
Now I'm I'm off of him.
Matt Castle's fine for me.
He's a good, all American boy.
He's a good clean cut guy with a wife and a family.
Probably screwing everything with a skirt on.
This is so clear.
It must be John McCain, but on taxes also.
She's I'm telling you she's on fire today.
She's got the heavy drugs.
Look it and stick it.
My country is in the toilet with politicians on the take.
They passed this massive bailout taking all the money we make and give all our cash to Wall Street.
They claim it's the only way to save our crumbling economy.
What happened to the USA?
I hope the crowd we turn into socialists with banks are government don't.
And pushing universal health care with money from a Chinese loan.
So it's time we stand up and post them out before they take the free market away.
If we don't then we'll have to start a new country.
It's a socialist.
He let's say.
10 34 5 60 WQ I'm happy Tuesday to it.
Here it is a week before election day.
I'm looking on our email thing.
There is nothing in there.
Nothing.
Not even the usual nubniks.
One week before election day.
Neil at Neil Rogers dot com yesterday.
We had a pretty good stream throughout the show.
I'm putting a lot of what I'm talking about emails.
Still right?
Yes.
OK.
I beat a few times.
OK.
And the fleet told me by the way you didn't read any emails on your last week.
I often don't.
Why not?
It depends on what comes in and sometimes I refer to them without saying that it was an email.
You know, I'll mention it in passing.
Yeah.
I won't say that you know, this is an email.
Play a fanfare and then.
You know, there's nothing in there right now.
Is that is that possible?
It's 10 35.
We've been on here for over a half hour.
Even fat Chris is back with us today.
Although he's not too happy about it.
I'm very happy to be here.
No, you're not.
Yes, I am quit lying.
I know you're not.
Clarence, you were clear and so doing everything you can to sabotage the show.
That was up only 180.
That was supposed to make this huge upturn today.
Asian markets went through the roof last night.
They must have sold a lot of rice or some crap like that.
Who the hell knows what's going on?
And the Dow is up almost 300 points.
It's just after the open and now it's down.
It's up only 180.
Boy, here comes the bunny and you know the rest.
There goes.
OK, here's the poll today.
Let me look at that outlook expressing nothing.
There are no items in this view.
There must be something in some malfunction with us.
You think?
I heard.
Oh, wait a minute.
Yeah, there's something.
This is screwed up.
There's something screwed up with it.
Jet boy.
Huh?
No, I'll print these out.
Just rely on here's one from fake Joe Bell.
He's one of my favorites.
He sure is how beats the regular Joe Bell, the real one, who is a scary scare.
And here's my Manhattan update.
Let's see.
Here's what about the gay governor.
Rob and Lauderdale says the weather itself was awesome.
They read an article in your favorite newspaper.
The scum sentle about Charlie Chris saying that early voting is going well.
Says he doesn't think we need more voting machines or need to extend the hours.
Is he kidding me?
He probably has been ordered by the Nazi party, not to do that.
Gay is what Rob says.
Wish us luck.
Good luck to you, Rob.
See, now they're starting to percolate in a little bit.
There's something screwed up with my outlook expressed.
How's that possible?
I don't know.
No, I didn't catch her jerk street.
I go, go, I'll open them.
OK.
Oh, God, some of the stuff on here is so freaking annoying.
Johnny, get a life, Johnny, get out of my face.
There's something messed up with this.
Anyway, we'll get to it.
We'll get to all of them.
I'm sure we'll get thousands and thousands and thousands of really perspifications.
I took some calls yesterday.
Yeah, did I miss anything?
No, although the chronics weren't there.
I guess I cut them off guard.
Just one from poor pro's, Akron.
He sounded like a beaten child and he ought to be.
Let's see.
Neil, it's Joe Bell.
It says it's Joe.
Listen, since Chris has come out about our relationship, I'm personally asking you to lay off him.
He's a very sensitive fat loser, but I found something in him that no other man came bring out in me.
I don't want to have to use my powers to make your life more miserable than already is,
but I swear if you mess with my lover, I will.
I love Chris and love staying over at his house with him and his mom and playing guess what kind of candy bars
in my back pocket, then going in his room and laying him face down,
ass up and making what we call sweet love.
There's nothing like oiling up a fat loser like Chris and rolling around with him in his rent-free room
that his mother pays for.
It makes me feel powerful.
And if you ruin this for me, I can never forgive you.
Yours truly, Joe Bell.
At a boy, Joe, that's really gross.
What?
He'll say.
That's what we were speculating yesterday, me and Flea.
And then come to find out that Johnny Joe wasn't there on Friday just like Chris wasn't there on Friday.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
Put those pieces of the puzzle together.
Right.
Okay, here's the poll.
Bell, they'll start with the emails you'll see.
I mean, if they're all as good as that one, it should be a hudowish show.
That was only up 154 now.
Pretty weak.
497 votes on a poll.
When my time is up, I probably will die from all Charlie V sent us a new polls today.
Thank you, Charlie V. He's gone into hiding lately.
A lot of people go into hiding.
They don't like the audience.
Let's see that outlook expressed.
Let's say, oh, there's a one on there.
Oh, there's a whole bunch of them.
Oh, Marine Dowd.
You mean the calm that I put on our website?
Caroboo Barbie?
Thanks Ray.
Go sell some cars.
Got all the time.
I love that.
I love that.
It's on our website.
The Marine Dowd.
You get to read all those New York Times columns for free on our website.
And oh, you know, they're sending me just feeding me back the same crap that I'm feeding
them.
God.
When my time is up, I probably will die from stroke or heart attack 157.
Old age 144.
Cancer 82.
Some other disease 39.
Suicide 28.
That's what I voted.
Eating by a shark 15, accident 11, car crash 8, murder 4, terror attack 3, AIDS 2, military
conflict 2, plane crash 1, drowning 1.
Now, what's your goal today, fat?
So we did, yesterday we done pretty good.
We did 950 some of vote during the show.
We have 501 now.
I'm thinking about 800.
800 says the fat man.
How do you like that?
That's how much he makes this year.
800.
Well, it seemed to me that if I'm getting paid hourly, I'd be in there every hour.
I put a cotton at place.
That's okay.
Cotton.
He just don't cotton to work for us.
That's all.
He wants to work on those ball games.
No.
He wants to sniff chat.
No.
And it's a jackstrap.
Not at all.
Oh, God.
What a grotesque thought that is.
They won by the way.
And thanks to them, the patriots are tied for first place in the division now.
So thank you very much, Tony.
Tony soprano.
We want to game in the Kings.
What a game.
Who the canes playing this week?
Some other girls school again like Virginia is virgin.
Any good?
I have no idea, but they beat the canes at the last game of the orange.
We'll last year like 40.
Well, I wouldn't have to be a kick in the ass and who the fish playing the other
playing Denver.
And I'll tell you this.
If you guys can't beat Denver, you'll never beat anybody.
I mean, even Matt Castle picked apart their secondary.
They demolished Denver a couple of weeks ago.
Would you see that game in the past on a Monday night?
Did you really?
That's almost for you.
They made Matt Castle look like Johnny United's.
That's how bad.
And a J Cutler kid.
He couldn't get arrested in the pantyrate.
That's how bad he is.
So if the fish can't win on Sunday, where is that game in Denver?
Yes.
Oh.
I would call my bookie right now and I'd bet the house.
I'd mortgage the house and bet all the money.
And what that makes is I'll see that I'll make him four and four right fish B 500.
Correct.
That'll be the last time this season.
I had a good job with a credit company lost to an old guy who had no money to ban.
I didn't know I would get up for an 85 year old ex star certain jump on employment.
Yeah, that's me a big F.
You did make man baby now he's wrapping on TV getting the paycheck that used to go
to me now instead of living right.
Well, now sleeping in a box and my life is going to hell on employment and food.
And a big F you to Jason who just sent me this former loyal listener Jason.
Neil, I'm not sending this email to review, but I'm really shocked you didn't vote.
Let me say it again weeks ago, I downloaded all the crap, all the forms for the absentee
ballot.
I filled it all out.
I mailed it in and I have received no absentee ballot.
You had a whole week down here that's like 175 hours and you couldn't take two to three
hours to stand in line and vote.
No, I don't stand in line for two or three hours.
Let me say it again for you or anybody else.
I don't live my life to make you happy Jason or the audience happy.
I was pumping Barack Obama to the audience long before it became politically correct.
Months and months and months before most people have even heard of him.
I said he's going to be your next president.
Did I say that George?
Yes, he did.
And I said that fact Chris.
Yes, you said that years ago.
After all you're preaching for Obama and against the right and what is the most important
election in our generation and you couldn't take two to three hours out of your day, there
are thousands of people waiting in line who are hourly paid employees who will not be reimbursed
by their employer.
They sacrificed money to make sure their vote was cast.
You don't even work a full-time job but could be bothered.
I and I'm sure many of your listeners are extremely disappointed you not just disappointed
but extremely disappointed you should be embarrassed and ashamed.
Well guess what?
I'm not.
If I were embarrassed and ashamed, nobody forced me to come on here and say I didn't
vote.
I could have made it up.
I could have lied like so many people who do this for a living, lie, professional liars
like Pilt Pop and Rush, former loyal listener.
Well, bye bye Jason.
Have a great life.
If you go stand in line for three or four hours, God, I just love that's one of the things
these people love to do is tell you how to run your life.
Sure.
It's a radio show.
Mine you won't effing business Jason.
We're extremely disappointed in you.
Get out of here Brandon when I'll let the big old bashing, everybody's bashing the big
old and of course rightfully so but nevertheless.
No items in this view on the Outlooker's press a week before election day and these people
are chewing my ass because I didn't stand in line for three and a half four hours to
vote.
They're chewing my and look at all these old red, necky ladies standing behind John McCain.
That's meant for quote.
Oh my God.
All these trailer trash old ladies.
Man, look at that.
She's got that silly old hat on like a real Yehu.
I can't look at red dress.
You watch and see an end.
No, I change.
And look at that other one to her right that persimmons sucking bitch.
That's the that's the McCain crowd.
God.
There's some kids standing in the road behind him.
They probably gave him some good drugs to come in there.
Not that you know anything about that.
Not at all.
So what's the story is Chris still working with us or what?
Uh huh.
I wasn't asking you.
Of course George.
Of course he is.
What?
I have a very good memory and I and I try to remind you that when they made me the full
time producer of the Neil Rogers show, they still had me doing weekend stuff and sports
talk remotes and driving the van and and putting backdrops.
Let me say it again.
His number one loyalty has got to be to this show.
And they end up to him.
We want the eight want the regulars on the show.
And as much as I like flee, we don't want to have him in there.
Hello.
Hello.
And let me tell you something.
Tell me something.
If I had the ability to get them to take this.
You going to show me off for not voting now?
No.
If I had the ability to get anyone in this building to take this show seriously, a regular
person in the other seat there would be item number four or five on the list.
That is never going to happen.
I know.
Yeah.
So what's the point?
There isn't one.
Lay off my fat friend Chris.
He's got enough to source.
Just look at it.
Here's another one.
Happy Halloween with an attachment.
Let me say it again for the eight billion time.
I'm doing a radio show.
The idea of the emails is for you to send me something something from your mouth, from
your brain.
Yeah.
What's that going to happen?
Not some stupid ass thing that I like.
I had a couple minutes ago with a Sarah Palin map where you click this and click that
and move around like games.
They want to play games.
Yeah.
I don't have time to play games.
Okay.
Say something.
It's just like the phone.
Actually, this is a long time ago.
I started this thing with emails.
I thought it was going to be gangbusters.
Some days it is most days.
It's, you know, men's.
I mean, not.
You think it's going to be great, but it's not.
Neil at Neil Rogers dot com.
Isn't that what it is?
Yes.
Let's see.
Danny says, I guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
She may be a dike, but I find her extremely attractive, even hot, very hot.
I do.
Or second.
She looks like she'd be fun and bed and really enjoy sex.
Lordy, if I'm lucky, she's by.
And I'll run into her sometime.
I have a couple of days of non-stop sex with her.
Wow.
Danny.
Oh, my god.
Danny.
I have no life.
Oh, talk about me.
It's just like all these guys that are all whipped up about Sarah.
Oh, she's so attractive.
She's so hot.
Based on what?
She looks like Beulah the Witch.
She does.
Oh, I thought she looked like Gumby.
And those glasses that she wears only exaggerate.
They only exaggerates the beak she's got, just like Beulah the Witch from a cookla
friend in Ollie's show 100 years ago.
She's still attractive.
I think they're good.
God.
You know, one thing about you ugly women out there, it's a good, and every guys, it's a good
thing a lot of people have bad eyesight and bad taste of both.
It doesn't work for me though.
Jim says, are you aware of any vagus odds on the presidential election?
I wonder what the over-under on the number of people who will actually vote is Jim and
gets to New York who has no life at all.
I have no life.
Oh, my god.
I'm placing Obama as a three to one favor.
He says, the over-under on total votes 96 million.
He sounds like Donnie B and those other quizzlings that used to work at QM when we first came
there.
All the kids, the punk's that used to work there.
I'll have their own bookie and a shirt.
They had their, well, at a sports fraternity.
That's how it is.
That's correct.
That was less than 100.
What's the big metzia with this?
What's the big simmiss?
It's up 91 points?
That's because McCain is talking crap.
Mark my words.
Mark this.
Mark my words.
Rhymes with turds.
So many turds in so little time.
You know what?
Like that story that I read before I went on vacation about the chick that had the date
with that guy.
Well, I don't want to repeat it.
Remember?
He was fondling certain objects in the bowl.
Here's Jim and Jersey.
I don't know.
Well, let's not revisit that.
No, I was not.
Please.
You were.
No, it wasn't.
It's sick and you're sick.
Isn't that why you weren't in yesterday because you're sick?
That's right.
Guy got news for it.
If you're not going to show up because you're sick, that means you're never coming in
again.
Isn't he sick, Chris?
A little bit, maybe.
Yeah.
Very sick.
I'm not, that's not a knock.
That's like your compliment.
Steve says it's 1032s, the morning in snowing in New Jersey.
Yeah.
Yeah, we must have a snow storm here.
It's over there in Kingston, Ottawa, Montreal, Quebec, all the frogs are getting snowed
on.
I'm good.
I hope they slip and break their necks.
Do all of you folks a big favor?
Took the week off from your show.
George is a capable, dependable, philanthropist for years, but not worth making an effort for
sorry, George.
What a nasty shot.
What a gratuitous shot.
Why didn't you have to say that?
That's how these people are.
Mean and nasty and Steve's not even in Florida anymore.
He's in Jersey.
Well, that's a few in Jersey.
You'd be pretty nasty too.
In addition to McCain, Newton, ex-licing their faces up and threatening to kill Obama,
watch the hump or its hand any day.
I saw him.
Uncomfortable to watch.
He looked like he was weird up to the announcer's desk.
Seemed to be unaware.
What are you talking about?
He gave out a fantastic, uh, exacta, that 9-11-exa.
Seemed to be unaware of anything going on around him.
Stared like a mental patient at the weird, limey booking next to him.
And generally looked like a villain that he espion through on last minute.
Porsche Muck looks long.
I thought he looked fine.
He looked a lot better than the last time I saw him when we had dinner three weeks
ago whenever it was.
I think Tomper looked fine and he gave out a tremendous exacta there.
I forget how much it paid, but it was heavy duty.
The 9-11.
Didn't pick Frankie Dittoy.
Those two races.
I told him Frankie's the best yucky in the world when the big money's on the line.
He said, oh, yeah, well, too bad.
Pick that freaking curl and curl and it's still running.
Curlin looked almost like big brown in the stretch.
Did you watch all those big breeders' cup races last weekend?
Talking to Chris?
Sure you did.
I'm talking to you.
Oh, when you're in the horse racing, maven, now with all those trips to Gulf steam.
Yeah, old in the horse racing when you're like, uh, that's right.
When you're on display.
There you go.
Steve says, amen on comments on Rachel Meadow waiting for it to morph into Oberman.
And he needs to take a frigid breath.
Lot of good on target verbiage, but watching him choke on here and go to comments last week
makes them look like a hyperventilator.
Easy Keith says, Steve, well, he's all whipped up now.
He's all whipped up to a frenzy because it's only a week collection time just like this
audience.
Oh my God.
You can't complain about the response from this crowd because you know, oh, look at this.
Here's one that says sports fags suck.
Jesus Christ, three big freaking big old promos and as well as a promo for big old fantasy
football.
No wonder the numbers have been so dreadful.
Denier would be a great improvement over that crap we have to year online.
Great job, jolly.
Joe and clearance.
It says, I would like to like to think here about what's online.
God, they make you miss Bob Green and Steve Nickel bag.
See that's obviously an IOD person.
I have a shameless request.
Can you play alien park?
It's the best work Boka ever did.
Lorelister since 89 and moral cables.
That would is not the best work he ever did, but I certainly will play it.
He's got his name.
Yeah.
One moment.
Nothing's working.
What does that mean?
Nothing's working.
He hits buttons and nothing happens.
Yeah.
Lucky us and engineer just happened to walk in the studio.
Maybe that's why nothing's working.
Probably.
Yeah, computer locked up currently.
The computer is locked up.
Whoever is responsible for that equipment ought to be locked up.
Whoever is responsible for the management of this toilet ought to be locked up.
Right next to OJ.
It probably have a hell of a good time together.
So what are we going to do?
Steph's working on it right now.
Working on what?
Trying to get it unlocked.
Oh my God.
So come on, George.
You even feel I got emails to print out here.
Phil.
Maybe it's working out.
Wait.
We're not.
No.
And look at this.
Obama's lost trace to Neil Rogers.
This is another one of those things that you can go on.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anybody's name that you want.
It's another one of those stupid things that I talked about yesterday.
And does quits sending me videos and quits sending me links.
I'm not interested.
And when are you playing those spots already?
Any minute.
Any minute now.
I got to play for the other one.
Hold on.
You're going to play it from the other room?
Oh my God.
How about he wishes he wouldn't have come in today?
I betcha.
I wish I hadn't.
Oh boy.
Nothing.
This place.
You know, wait.
You know, wait.
Just say it.
You know, wait.
You know, wait.
You know, wait.
Just say it.
Just say it.
Just say it.
Right?
There's a number four or five maybe.
Oh, I'm not going to, seems the system itself locks up.
It seems that what?
The system itself is locked up.
So we're going to, you know, have fun, little one.
Well, I'm busy printing.
I understand.
Well, I'm spoon up some of the Andy and Andy,
Michael Schneider, you're a good guy, Mike, obviously, but you're so chronic.
Neil, just so you keep faith in the voting process, Florida's still registering convicted felons, I will vote.
Rollion often it says good.
Keep playing that. Oh, I'm sorry.
Michael says don't worry about the vote. There are only two possible outcomes now.
Either Obama wins in the landslide with it without Florida or the election will be stolen.
Obama has to win either Ohio.
Florida or Pennsylvania. He's way ahead in Pennsylvania, Michael. Don't worry about it. Way ahead. Double digits.
Tracy's back, you know, chronic, crazy and Kendall, who hung it, Tracy, but you are so chronic.
We don't facts the same thing, please.
So what is he doing there? What is who doing where?
Step. Oh, no, the entire engineering staff is running around like, you know, like Red Anson fire trying to get this thing working.
I think he's got a step in.
I don't know.
Tracy says I told you yesterday I was going to try to vote and try was all I did.
How can this be happening?
I accompanied my mom and she really voted North Carolina last week.
It was prompt and efficient yesterday.
I was told there'd be a three to four hour wait, which was evident by the infinite line of unhappy folks.
So I left upon my ex and democratic promoter asked me how I went.
I told him I didn't vote due to the line.
This Dmitra was deflated by my answer.
I told him I'd be trying and again today that nobody's going to stop me from voting for Obama.
I'm off to attempt number two.
I'm going to do number two pretty soon too.
Have a great day.
Good luck, Tracy.
See, she's, she's tenacious man.
She keeps going back.
And while I was there last week and 80 millions of calls, Hillary Clinton called my house.
The shit.
Hi, this is Hillary Clinton and then that and I immediately slammed the phone while.
So don't think that they're not the being thorough of the Obama people.
They're going to call you five, ten, a hundred times to make sure they can try to get your ass out of vote.
And Hillary said she should go hold.
I said, I don't want.
I don't want.
Oh, we're so disappointed in you, Neil.
Jason says this is a different Jason or Justin.
What did this?
Well, that's interesting because he's Jason on the bottom of this, but on the top of it, he's Justin.
Maybe he's just Jason just wanted away in here.
George sucks.
He says I tried to listen to the show last week when George is unbearable.
Get the annoying Derby girls on the show last week.
Jesus Christ, it was for yeah, that was an hour of last week.
We have ugly ass George who couldn't get laid in a horror house.
All excited and they're actually are women talking to him in the studio.
What George doesn't realize is that this is boring his health or the audience.
George really sucks.
Please Neil, don't take any more vacation days.
George takes it on the ass.
I know that he fills in for you, for you, whenever you need.
How do you really feel about it?
Jason Justin, but he really blows.
I wish someone would just kill this annoying, speak already.
You're not cool, George.
You're tasting music blows.
You look like you fell out of an ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down.
It's no wonder your wife keeps you like poison.
Die, George die, love you, Neil Jason or Justin, whatever is fake name.
Right.
Somebody QAMI before Lauderdale.
I did the ID just to cover us because we're we can't do any.
We got to get those spots in.
Well, we know we're trying.
Like I said yesterday in a moment of tremendous frustration.
This place and I've said it a billion times.
I'll keep saying it until I'm proven otherwise is a technical toilet.
It's a disaster.
It's an embarrassment.
No, but that audio, that's the cats me on.
Yeah, that's where it's at.
Yeah, sucks.
It's a piece of turd.
How come they don't use the DCS for the spots?
Well, we got one.
Yes, as you know, is on a toy.
I understand that, but at least it works for the time being.
Yeah, my works just fine.
See that?
Working good.
Here's one that says, tell those dumbasses.
It's not your fault that you didn't receive the absentee about you applied for.
You're a victim of something.
And then it's just it just ends.
You're a victim of something.
Here's one from Elaine says, my husband, son and I have been living overseas for the last three years.
We spent one year in Egypt last to in Japan.
Life was great.
What happened to that?
The Zimfar and the Japan flute.
Oh, the cell right now.
I could play it.
Life was great.
We returned to the States in August and now living in upstate New York.
Oh.
And we had back overseas in the year or two.
We really prefer being overseas, but one upside to our return the ability to listen to you.
It's amazing that despite being gone, it sounds like nothing has changed at WQM.
Same Schmidt just different day.
You got it Elaine.
Same old Schmidt and the equipment don't work.
While we were overseas, we called we voted absentee.
If you call the Broward County Supervisor Relations Office, give them your personal email address.
They will be able to email you an absentee balance much easier than waiting for your ballot amount.
I'm going to do that today.
Somebody will supply me with a Broward County Supervisor Relations Office phone number, which obviously I don't have here.
Are you ready to try?
What?
You ready to try?
Ready to try what?
I'll play the spots, please.
Neon God.
Oh, it's almost time for the break.
Benning Bernanke, what's with the pet, when he's up?
He heard that Wall Street was just tanking.
You're fair, but they never thought he'd really help somebody to them a cook.
Not voting the market a tanking.
Oh, I guess he's sort of like a piggy bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank.
There's some relief in the doubt.
Thanks to itself, we're sort of bouncing back.
But be careful where you put your money.
So when it comes to crashing time, give the fed will reserve a shout.
I would mama, I guess Benning is the man who fed you out.
Who fills you out?
OK, it's 11 o'clock at the QAM.
Well, we got this stuff working, huh?
So far.
Now, let me tell you what in the student and next time anybody wants to chew me out for not doing anything.
If you, that's my response.
You want to know why?
Why?
You are the one who sent me the phone number for the Broward Supervisor elections.
So I can get my email into my ballot and vote, which I will just know when you said all it is that number.
And I fired it on right.
And George, you would think that if we had any audience or if we had all these people that are so concerned about making sure that deals go out, I would have had 50 or 100 emails.
Immediately, if not sooner, but they're concerned with doing is.
How many I got yours?
Yeah.
I got a couple other ones.
Some has arrived, but yours, right.
They're concerned with ripping asses yours.
I'm sure that's an example.
You must be psychic again.
From Ben, hey, Neil, fat Chris sucks huge junky balls.
I love how I can just not chew up for work, not let anybody know and still keep his job.
If I didn't show up for work with no excuse, I'd be fired immediately.
He's an irresponsible piece of crap.
Get rid of this dead weight from your show, Neil.
And that's a lot of weight.
The audience hates him anyway.
Chris is a fat piece of turd that nobody likes.
I just wish he killed him.
Sounds like the same person.
What that wrote that email about me.
He should get a fax.
This is a different guy.
Different type.
I just wish he would kill himself.
Your fact is disgusting.
Ugly piece of crap loser who stills with his parents.
If I was 30 and live with my parents, I would hung myself a long time ago.
You suck Chris Whale and I hate you.
Die.
This has been I think that's the same person.
Well, Ben, get your facts straight because I was scheduled all yesterday.
I didn't just not.
Why am I you responding to that?
You're going to be defensive for some loser like Ben.
Ben Dover.
Carlos says, love you, Neil.
Love your show and love you.
I'm 28 years old and me and the Mrs.
made the long one hour line to vote for Obama.
Thank God, Carlos.
I'm getting my absentee ballot on the email and I'm going to vote.
So don't be bitching me out anymore.
Jason or whoever the hell you are.
You losers.
I've been listening to your show since I was a punk way back in 94.
I often hear you bitch about Outlooker's press.
You said, George send you a copy of office.
So that you can just have a regular hour since it's more stable.
I offered.
What is it?
What?
I offered you didn't want to deal with it.
So keep moving along.
What does that mean?
In closing, go Obama just finishing taking a joy sign.
It came in pale.
They are really psychotic.
Wild.
A little wild.
Now, what is that that you were going to send me your office?
What?
Microsoft office 2007 so that you had Microsoft Outlook.
But it's really trust me.
Just just deal with the devil.
I'm going to complain with this right exactly.
I like them.
If I want to delete a bunch of stuff, here's one from Ray.
Here's the last one.
And let me say it again.
George is the only person, the only one who cared enough to send me the phone
number for the driver.
And this is what cracks me up.
And by the way, that took me all the 30 seconds to Google Broward County
Supervisor of the election cut.
He sent to 30 seconds flat.
If that, I'm rounding up.
Oh, as long as we don't have to deal with courtes, Brandon says,
Chris is.
You got one vote there from.
Oh boy.
Well, thank you very much.
I could just feel the love today.
I'm sure glad I came into work.
They're all hostile.
You guys, they were going to be so crazy.
Day.
We hate you.
We hate everybody.
God.
I think I'm going to go out and sit on the patio.
It's at least what 37 38 degree.
Not time for another break.
Yeah, I had to reload.
We're going to forget the smart leader.
Happy.
From.
Hey, Jews.
Let's celebrate.
Oh boy.
60 years of being a nation.
Moses would toast you with a cold beer.
Cause you're still here.
Congratulations.
Are you sure?
Hey, Jews.
Go have some fun.
At least till sun.
Down every Friday.
Manage of it is your country's favorite cocktail.
Just don't pay retail.
And keep it kosher kosher kosher kosher kosher kosher kosher.
Ah.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
1118 at 560.
Nobody here.
I'm speaking of Jews.
Here's one from Steve, who's obviously a Jew himself based on his last name, but nevertheless.
He says, I'm 44.
I live in Boyton Beach with all the old Jews.
My wife and I are not looking forward to the long lines at Temple Shari Shalom on November
4th.
So Steve.
Now, are we sure about that email I got from Elaine that I can actually call and get
an absentee ballot email to me?
I'm not sure, but I bet you can put it to the test.
What do you mean by that?
In other words, you call.
You say, hey, can I get an absentee ballot?
I know that now.
Why don't I do that now?
So that at two o'clock, I don't have to waste the time.
I got lunches to eat at two o'clock.
I have to do the next break.
During the break call the number, you don't have to request it for me or anything like
that, but just generically ask if it's possible.
And we'll find out.
I hope that Elaine knew her craft.
Oh, and speaking of that, I got a couple of other people who also finally got around
to sending me that number.
Now, where's the one from the guy in Ireland who emailed me yesterday?
This is what really cracks me up.
The people in Dayton, Broward in Palm Beach counties, which is supposedly where our audience
is or used to be anyway.
I can't find it.
I must have, I must have deleted it.
Ain't that bad?
No, I don't got it.
Maybe I got it.
Oh, yeah, John in Dublin, the number for Broward Supervisor of Relations 9.5, 43577050,
from a guy in Dublin who used to live in South Florida.
Now, he's in Ireland.
He emailed me yesterday.
Is that pathetic or what?
That we have to get for information from somebody in Ireland where it's like five hours
later, it's four to twenty in the afternoon.
Thanks, John.
And thanks, George, and all the rest of you.
And I'm going to vote.
Are you calling or during the break you're going to do it?
Right.
That is assuming that the spots are going to play.
Right.
You know, I don't know about you.
You've got that attitude down to a science now.
You just don't give a crap.
Well, I told you before.
This place gets my stomach churning.
Yeah, that's how aggravated I can be.
In the name of sanity.
You know, it's like when you beat your heart again, brick wall until your forehead is
bleeding, maybe it's time to get a clue that the wall is going to give that you should
stop while you still can.
Oh, here's another Adam, not Adam and Ontario.
Neil God, I've been a fan since my dad used to make me listen to your show when I was
a kid.
I moved to New York City.
I must say that I miss Miami.
This state sucks.
Has nothing on Miami.
Love the show don't ever stop.
And George is okay too.
How do you like that?
Oh, here's the brown red number for a civilized.
Oh, and again, it's John and Dublin again once was fine, John.
573 votes on our poll.
What were you shooting for 600?
I feel what it is now.
My day has restarted.
So 800 you got a shot.
I don't know.
I mean, flea yesterday we did 950 plus.
We had kind of a slow start today because Eric for whatever reason put this on there.
You know, Eric is busy at the Parliament House up there visiting his boyfriends.
His wife don't know about it yet.
So I better not say it.
Maybe he was watching the game.
I think maybe he was watching the stupid baseball game that they were playing in pouring rain.
How hard is it have to rain before they finally call a game?
Jesus, Kate Christ.
My God pouring.
And it's too to we'll have the game mother rest of it tonight at a clock.
It will be on TV for free too, by the way, but you know that.
570 a sum odd vote.
574 when my time is up, I'll probably die from stroke or heart attack.
185 old age 163 cancer 90 others.
These 46 suicide 32 eaten by a shark 21.
That must be the Florida factor.
Huh?
Eating by a shark.
Not a lot of people voted for murder.
Accident 12 car crash eight murder six terrorism attack for military conflict three.
Age two playing crash one drowning one.
I'm drowning over here.
But I must be a horrible way to die.
You know, 576 on your pole.
When you think sounds horrible.
Yeah, I voted for murder personally for me.
Oh, yeah, but you'll feel better about this.
Jason Justin.
This one says has been selected to be sacrificed in a Halloween night by the Broward County
Derby girls and the George Rodriguez fan club.
See there's some people out there that's a like that couple, but it goes with the territory
today.
They're just full of what happened to the weather.
Really nice and they must have hated that.
They're angry in the Dow's only up 81 points.
It was supposed to be up like hundreds and a like a zillion points today.
And it's only up 81 point and they got that bald head of geek Tony Harris there on CNN
who makes me want to vomit.
He just he just he can't be on there.
It's just not possible.
Ray says dear Justin Jason, all you other Georgian ill hating a holes when Thomas Edison invented
the radio.
Oh, Thomas Edison invented the radio.
Wow, that's news to me, Ray.
He included two very special features, a power button and a tuning knob.
Use them.
If you continue listening and don't use those two special knobs, shut this f up and enjoy
the show by calling a emailing.
You're just showing the inability of how to use a radio dumb asses his Ray.
Well, thanks Ray, but I don't think time Edison invented the he did steal a lot of other
people's patents.
Or was that George Eastman that stole the people's patents?
I forget which way actually went.
Not sure.
You're not sure?
Nope.
Hello.
Hello.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
That was sad.
He couldn't hear anything.
He invented the Victola.
He didn't invent the radio.
Marconi invented the radio.
Right.
But I knew that guy stuck up feather in his cap and called him macaroni.
Called it Marconi.
Let's see.
Here's one from Bobby.
We're starting to get some email on here.
They're just fired up today, man.
They're just wild.
And of course, the whole audience is standing in line and they're waiting to vote.
No, dear.
Don't forget during this break, make me think I will not.
I got to cue it up.
Can you email me in FST ballot?
Then I'll fill it out and I'll FedEx it down there.
I won't take a chance on the regular mail.
Right.
I will overnight it.
And then I'll vote and then you know, I voted for Obama.
And in fact, maybe I'll just make a hundred copies of the email and send it in a whole
bunch of times.
Because probably the people that work in those voting places are so stupid, you know?
Not that I have any lack of faith in the voting process in the USA.
Neil, our entire family voted two college students in Orlando.
First time voters, two senior citizens in Palm Beach County and my husband, myself, in
Broward County, all Democrats go, Obama says, Bobby, nice going, Bobby.
Go vote again.
I think that's why they got the long lines to discourage you from going back and voting
a second or third time, which pisses me off.
Here's an article about the Rascal House.
Oi.
Where's this from, I wonder?
Eating around South Florida.
It certainly isn't from the Sun Central because it's like two pages.
That's like a whole section in the Sun Central.
Now do they have it around a building?
Do they have it?
I'm sure in any bullpen.
They must have the newspapers.
When you get a chance, I want you to get a hold of the Sun Central, the entire paper,
all four pages of it.
Oh, good.
No, no, no.
When you look at what it's become, you'll say, is this a joke?
I've never seen an entire paper in this building in years.
I see lots of sports pages on the bathroom floor.
Sports pages.
The sports center won't give me any sports information because if the event ends after
at nine o'clock at night, they're going to schluff and already.
Okay.
Here's sleep in, baby.
If you're still upset, it says that the closing of the Rascal House in sunny-hals, Beach
earlier this year, you might now want to see what it's become.
Gone is the orange and turquoise decor.
Gone are the waitresses with their oversized corsages.
Gone is the black and white photo of Jackie Gleason.
Gone are those railings near the inference that divided parties by size.
Oh, they never asked me for size.
Good thing.
I've only lived in South Florida for ten years, but many other people, including my partner,
remember, lining up at the Rascal House with parents and grandparents, going back to
the fifties, says John Tanasciuk, whatever his name is.
Tanasciuk.
Keith Kachuk.
Oh, ranges one again.
Ranges we had a call from the obnoxious Ranger fan yesterday.
A real obnoxious New Yorker, partner redundancy.
The family that bought Rascal House more than ten years ago, closed it in March, seems
I just weren't that many people around him, twisted eating chap liver and colinth.
What the hell is colinth?
CHOLLENT?
What is that?
Colinth?
Never heard of it.
Boy, leave it to a goi to write something like that.
Colinth?
My colinth is a squirming right now, just from reading that and from this play.
From your radio station, Jolly Jolly, I'm murder or you're a butcher.
Yeah, yeah, this is Port Slater, whatever.
Jabasta, Tisupa.
Oh, what's the fourth leader in one?
Chinese.
Karlohart?
But there he is on set
Asgetly cause the milk we sell is not good for babies
No build strong bonds
Keep having to eat these thoughts
We can best get this
His words for China then back to face
Milk not from a cow
Med by money mouth
These tanks of milk we drink it
It must not have the water to get
That we only good making it raw
Take the milk
Take the milk
Take the milk
Don't you think it's take the milk?
Take the milk
Take the milk
Take the milk
1132 at 560 WQM is the world famous neo-rodger show
And it used to be the neo-rodger show
Now you don't feel picked on
Neil that blog post I sent you about the rascal house was from the Suncentle blog website
Well hubs they adred to the Suncentle okay
When they've done that newspaper I wouldn't do the Joe Bell
He ought to be skinned alive
I'd pay money to watch that
What's your hog?
He ought to be skinned alive
Also, Cholent is awesome
What?
You don't know what you listen to me
If you don't know what Cholent is then you're not Jewish
Oh yeah I'm not Jewish
Cox on hoist loser
And if you have an eaten Cholent with Kishka then you have it lived there are still places in South Florida where you can get it
Good enjoy
Actually be how it's spelled
CHOLNT
And this is the guy who sent the article about the rascal house
Nobody else sent me nothing about Cholent
I never heard of it
Never heard of it
Cholent or homin
Is a stew simmered overnight for more than 12 hours over a very low flame
FAMING
In a slow oven or electric slow cooker and served by mainstream observant Jews for lunch on Shabbos
Mainstream observant Jews will at least me out
There are many variations of the dish
Oh and guess where I did go when I was down there
I give up the rascal
Toppano Park to what is it called?
Mirens
The deli named after myron cone
Oh and guess who I came out for my cane by the way speaking of self-hating Jews
Jackie Mason
Really every answer we expect ever had for him
The basic ingredients of this crap
It says there are many variations of the dish which is stated in both Ashkenazi and Sephardic kitchens
The basic ingredients include cereals, pulses and potatoes
What are pulses?
Beans
Hahaha
Hahaha
You call the goons
Beans? Yes
And George said there are like dates
Well look at the click on it
It goes through the game
And the date is with beef or chicken added in most versions
A Sephardic style hamen
I thought hamen had to do with forum
As in hamen caution
Typically includes whole eggs in the shell which turn brown in the course of slow cooking
And the Ashkenazi style
Trollen is the dish often enriched by the addition of kishka or hellzel
A sausage casing or chicken neck
Chicken neck skin stuff with a flower based mixture
Oh my god thank god I never had that
What are we having for lunch?
Chicken neck
What is that that I'm hearing in the back?
That's the whole message from that number that I called
Oh yeah
I got to sorry I should have gotten to that first
It says don't even bother calling the number
I've been holding on waiting on hold 20 minutes to see where my absentee balance
I'm writing them an email on your behalf
So you're saying I should not waste my time on the Sun
No no if you want to put my name on there
And my email address is on your phone
I'm going to send them an email requesting it for you
Great
Because there's an email address on their tip
I want to vote
I mean I really do want to vote
I intended to vote when I was down there but I'm just telling you right now I'm being very honest
Painfully honest I am not going to stand the line for 3, 4, 5 hours to vote
It's not going to be a one vote election
In spite of all those silly people with that you crap that they're putting on there
Slow overnight cooking allows the flavors of the various ingredients
The permeate and produce the characteristic taste of choline
I have one word to say about what it sounds like to me okay
F-E-H-F-E
Maybe old Jews with false teeth eat that I don't know
I never heard of it
Anyway getting back to this thing about the Rascal House
It's such old news you know
What am I hearing?
That hold message
That's the hold music band
Oh it's music
Yeah and then and intermittently you'll hear the lady uh
Here she comes
We're so sorry but you have to wait at least another 45 hours to get a living and breathing person
This is the age in which we live
All you punks out there once upon a time used to call a number
And a real person would answer on the other end
A number of a business
Like the electric company
Electric company, electric bill as Joe says
Don't ask me why just because he's in a literate joc
The family that bought Rascal House more than 10 years ago in March closed
Seems there just weren't many people around interested eating chop liver and choline
I never saw choline on the menu I only ate there a couple of times that God
At the Rascal House I sure as hell never saw it on the menu with pumper nicks or wolfies
On October 7th the space that once housed the Rascal House reopened as Epicure market
Like the Rascal House Epicure first opened in 1954
The original location is still in Alton Road in Miami Beach
And boy their stuff is the best I love the Epicure
Remember they they used to bring no it was the villa deli used to bring us for a long gone
They're gone
Kishkin gravy
God
The specialties include jars of house made soup
And pasta sauce hot prepared foods that include everything from ribs and baked salmon
Potato latkes and potatoes anna I don't know what that is
Potato's anna you'd sure that every apple in the produce section was polished on somebody's apron
Services beyond top notch one-a-half dozen tangier beans
The nice staff person in the whitejack and puts them in a plastic bag
Ways them and hands them back
The beef and the meat counter is prime the bakery has incredible chocolate cupcakes and onion board and all our rolls and brownies
Epicure has got lots of the East Europeans stuff like stuff cabbage that I grew up with plus many more modern dishes
The sunny hours Epicure takes the original location to an entirely new level
First of all it's huge four times the size there's even valley parking
The old place has a small cafe where you can eat those prepared foods
And order a coffee and pastry and read a newspaper
New place you can also have a cocktail
Why give up the Rascal House liquor license there's a huge outdoor area with umbrellas
Like the original it's very very expensive
Oy!
I spotted jumbo cooktrip for forty bucks a pound
Then again rooms at the nearby Aqualina Resort start in 150 bucks a night
Part of me thinks the Epicure is excessive given the economy part of me loves it
He says however it strikes you I'd say it's worth a field trip
Epicure is a museum of very fine food
Next Tuesday a week from today is election day next Wednesday is my birthday
I don't see any happy birthday greetings coming in on here just a lot of hate
Especially especially aimed at George and fat Chris
Hate
One week from election day and they're all whipped up with a hate and hostility
In psychosis man I've never seen anything like this what did you do to them last week
Oh all the bad things
Oh my god Fred from Boker go away Fred you're not funny
Larry says it's an old time Jewish style of cooking
You light a fire or stove before Sabbath starts in Friday night
Since they are not supposed to use electricity on Shabbat
This is for the orthodox Jews
Put a pot on a fire and slow cook meets potatoes and veggies
It's like a stew I always thought stew was for goyam
Remember stew Irwin?
No
Before your time what's the name of that show the stew Irwin show?
What a novelty. We're sure not getting much on this email thing NeilLitNearRargers.com
Mike says I know you're a huge fan of that hot-e Maria Bartiromo on CNBC
Oh yeah
You're so lovely the day Maria with those heavy bags under your eyes
She had McCain and Palin on this morning
Keep up the good work and go Obama says Mike
Did you see Maria Bartiromo this morning? No I sound much too happy to see an edpiss
Rose, the bag
Rose, she's no Roger
Any time
I'm in love and I have been since the day I picked her up
Now she's always at my side
She's the first thing I see when I wake up
And the last thing I touch when I go to bed
She's taught me not to really communicate
And she's so much fun
She knows all my friends and she even knows all the sports scores
And when I'm in the mood
I know just which buttons to push
What can I say?
I love her. She's my blackberry
Will you put that thing down and pay attention to me for a change?
Yeah
And she'll be with me a lot longer than that one
Blackberry, there's a reason one in three men prefer it to their spouse
Are you listening to me?
It's on 45
I wonder if there's any carbs and boogers
Do you ever really stop and think about them?
I don't know we could look it up
Probably on the icons, it's probably okay
Well I should have mentioned this at the beginning of the show
But anybody who hasn't heard it's been in hiding
Law enforcement agents have broken up a plot by two neo-Nazi skinheads
To assassinate Barack Obama
And shoot or decapitate 88 black people
The Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco Firearms Explosive City yesterday
In court records on COD yesterday
In US District Court in Jackson, Tennessee
A bastion of progressive thinking
Federal agents said they disrupted plans to rob a gun store
And target a predominantly African-American in a high school
In a murderous spree that was to begin in Tennessee
The agent said the skinheads did not identify the school by name
Jim Kavanaugh, a special agent in charge of ATF's National Field Office
Said the two men planned to kill 88 black people including 14 by beheading
The numbers 88 and 14 are symbolic in the white supremacist community
I never knew that, did you?
No, I did not. Did you know it, Chris?
Nope
The men also sought to go on a national killing spree after the Tennessee murders
With Obama as its final target, Kavanaugh throw the AP
They said it would be their last final act
They would attempt to kill Senator Obama
They didn't believe they'd be able to do it, but they would get killed trying
Well, if you were living in Tennessee, you'd probably want to be dead too
And Obama spoke to him when traveling with a Senator in Pennsylvania had no comment
The men, Daniel Cowert, 20 of Bell's Tennessee
And Paul Schleselman, 18 of Helena West Helena, Arkansas
Are being held without bond
Agencies derifled, assault off shotgun
And three pistolas from the men when they were arrested
Authorities alleged the two men were preferring to break into a gun shop to steal more
Crazy people with guns, that's the American F&W baby
Everybody's got to have a whole arsenal of guns
I'll be honest with you, the way these people are acting on the emails today
I think it's not a bad idea
Well, peace, peace your two and just to protect yourself
Although now all of a sudden that I mentioned my birthday, now they're sucking around
Here's one, the first one, Paul from Tampa, happy birthday, Neil, I love George and everybody
Everything he does with the show, take care of Paul from Tampa
And that's wicked
And the subject that says positive email as opposed to the hate the anger
We've been getting all morning today
Didn't have that yesterday, and it's because Flea was with us, Chris is back today, they hate that Chris
It's always my fault, you bring out the worst in the audience
Say what? You heard me
Jimmy says, love you, Neil, happy early birthday
Jimmy, why do you do this to me, Jimmy?
I gotta watch that again
Jimmy, why do you do this to me?
Jimmy
I'm afraid
I'm afraid
I'm afraid too, so what happened?
Did you get anybody on the phone or did you give up?
No, and I fired off that email and somebody sent me an email
I figured they would have sent you the same one
Saying that it looks like they can only be mailed and that was some bogus information
And he sent me a link
HH means how Hitler
Till this moment, I never knew Brandon was a skinhead
Oh, and look at this, all of a sudden, the whole 14 is not sure about it, he's checking that with his buddies
Chris says, oh, Chris and 4-loaded, we had some good emails from the fake fat Chris yesterday, by the way, you would have enjoyed those
I'm sorry, I missed it
Look at that 8-16 inches of snow up there in the Adirondacks
Wow, and up in Kingston, Ottawa, Montreal
Thank God, it's way east of here, Syracuse
Look out and cue us, baby
God, how much did I just say 8-16 inches of snow at Stilts, it's October 28th for Christ's sakes
Don't tell me it's going to be a long aggravating winter
Do you think I should ask the audience about a really good, not that expensive winter driving car for up north?
Why not?
Because you said the Hummer is a piece of crap, why I sure hope they don't have any spots on this station
I'm not sure they do, we have spots for everything as far as cars go in this station
But you wouldn't recommend the Hummer, no, how about the Humper?
As what?
Chris and 4-loaded else is I added you to my MySpace, I hope that's your official gase-based page because I'm putting you at the top of my list
My official gase-based page?
What does that mean?
I don't know
And MySpace, by the way, that's history
I said our friend, Rickia, an email
I said that I was laying around, I couldn't sleep
And I thought, boy, I haven't heard from him in a long time
Remember, he showed up at the Gulf Stream?
Good guy
I said him, he never read it yet
Everybody is done with MySpace, I think
MySpace's history, finito
Berries says all you can do is apply for an absentee ballot by email
And that ends the 29th
You cannot receive an absentee ballot by email
If you're applying out by phone or email
I would be shocked if you received it by Monday
I went over and person-wise for absentee ballot on Monday
And they told me it would be ready by Thursday the 30th at noon
I'm 51, this is the first time I will not vote in person
Good luck to us, this is very
Yeah, I can relate, very, I make it an effort
I'm trying everything but standing on my head
I sent in for the absentee ballot, didn't get it
I got George there emailing, now what did they email you back?
Nothing
I thought you said you got an email
No, I sent an email, I got an email from a listener saying that they will not email you an absentee ballot
So you got an email from someone saying that they will
And I got an email from someone saying that they won't, maybe we'll get a 30 email from someone saying something
The tiebreaker
Here's one that says I can't believe that you didn't know Jackie Mason was a raving right-winger
Well, I forgot, you know, I forgot
Peter from Bocca says
P.S., I know that you don't like Bill Maher, I sure don't but he did a good job on his new movie Religilus
If you could get past your disgust for Bill, you'd really enjoy his take on religion and his new release
I'll watch it when somebody sends me a free copy
George, working on it
For both of us
If you wish to leave a voice now
Here's another one about Jackie Mason, I am that hemorrhoid
It says Jackie Mason used to be smart and hysterical, always a pathetic old Jew who can't grasp that the Republicans
would like to give all the tribe members a one-way ticket to Auschwitz
Mason's one of those orthodox maniacs
Unfortunately, there are a few members of my family who are just like him who believe that what's best for Israel is more important than what's best for America
Yo, I figured that much
Where they live, where they've made their way, it doesn't matter
If the Holy Land Jerusalem lunatics
I saw some of the videos Mason posted on YouTube based on Obama's relationship with Reverend Wright
He's un-American and not only should he not be president but he shouldn't even be allowed to live in this country
Wow, if the unthinkable happens, I hope Mason remembers his words
And his views when he's heard into the trains
It says hopefully I'll be standing next time I can kick him into balls
Poor Jackie Mason
Oh, here's a joke that I'm deleting right away
Happy birthday and many more so surely, thank you surely
Here's one from Armando
Long time fan, have you seen the documentary about the many mistakes in Iraq?
I think it's called Iraq No Ending Sight or something like that
I saw it last night, it blew my mind how many mistakes and blunders these bozos have made during the invasion
It's a must watch for all Americans to see, well they won't watch it
Please bring us the attention of all listeners, we'll listen to it
Thanks for all the years to last and Georgia's a peach as well, great job fellow Cuban
I guess he means for you
Oh, okay
They didn't know I was Cuban
Now what is it? What's it called? No Ending Sight
Okay, well look for it, Google it, no Ending Sight
We'll put a link to it if we can find it
Did I already tell you not to watch W? Even for free, even if they pay you to?
No, you didn't tell me
Oh, let me tell, let me say that right now, don't waste a second of your time
The most atrocious piece of nothing that you'll ever waste it
So what's his name Oliver Stone? Well he used to make some pointed movies
Get outta here, put Born on the Fourth of July and platoon very powerful movies
That made points and then a lot of crap too like JFK
And what was that one about talking to you?
JFK was brilliant compared to this thing
JFK was Oscar winning compared to this thing
Oh, he didn't talk to me, who did that?
I don't know, though he was the one in it
It might have been in Oliver Stone, though
I think it was
Caca, crap
I still see, I just like to see Chris spinning around in the chair like that board off in that movie
Can you envision it?
Oh, come on Chris
Yeah, spin around in that chair like a dreidel, like a top
Ha ha ha
Well we had a lot of deaths yesterday, nobody you ever heard of though
The guy who created passions died and a lot of other soaps
Ron says, I'm here to rebitch at you for not voting
Looks to me like things are tightening and I can certainly don't don't think it's a done deal
Yes, I was directed by Oliver Stone
What's that talk radio?
Yep, podium
For McCann to be as close as he is with the campaign that he's run
The state of the economy and incumbent penis bush
Can only be the result of racism
Florida will be tight and they want to steal it
Not voting for someone who is
Informed is nuts best starter
Oh, that's Ron again the same with best aerocrat
Get out of here Ron
Drop dead we're trying everything we can
Brett says love your show can you please pass along the word to vote no on Florida's amendment to the marriage amendment
I just did you're flaming homo firefighter
Thanks Brett
A Brett
You ferry
Here's one it says if the Hummer
Oh, if the Hummer get a Jeep
They're not bad on gas, they're amazing in the snow
Great show I have a happy birthday next week
P.S. Georgian Chris you're both amazing is Adam
Boy Adam's easy
Adam with no life in Ontario what
So Jeep now what kind of Jeep like a Jeep Wrangler?
Yeah, they got some new four door ones
They do?
Yep, automatics
I do not know
What about George?
How come you're so quiet?
Oh, they're fine, keep suffering
How are we doing on Christmas pole?
He's back today for a while for a brief visit 620 votes
Oh, you got 800 licked
I say let's go for 850
Let's shoot for the moon
Sound good to me
Neil at neorages.com
But we had to like really push that for the emails today
Now what did you get you got one that said how come they sent it to you and not to me?
Good question
Yeah
Oh, we don't want to deal with that old fairy
No items in this view
You have any idea how depressing that is?
Seven days before election day
And all these people are all whipped up and you didn't vote yet
We're so pissed off at you
Yeah, well, what do you got to say?
What do you got? Bring it, huh? Bring it
The biggest name
The best channel
It is Coach Darns-Hooler
And I sound like Bob Hope on acid
And I want to tell you it's the 12-door now or whatever it is
Last year they lost 12 of their last 17 games and had one of the worst collapses in baseball history
I'm T-Boom Pickens, I'm an old man and I'm a baseball fan
And I have a plan to save the New York Mads
The Mets are blessed with great players but also one of the best win corridors right through Shae Stadium
My plan is to harness that win power with great big win meals that will blow out to right center field when the Mets are at bat
And blow in when their opponents are at the plate
With this technology we can increase the Mets offensive production by 20%
And break the stranglehold of the Philadelphia feeling
I'm T-Boom Pickens and this plan will work
Join me and Mr. Mett to make a brighter postseason
Come on one at 560 WQ and that T-Boom he's picking it
627 votes on Fat Chris's pull
Boy he's really Jones and a GNA50
Yep, aren't you?
Come on people like Chris always says
I'm really pissed off about clearance
Did you go in there and pee on his desk yet?
Oh yeah of course I did
What is George Sniggering about?
Oh Chris made a funny face
Now here's another one of those under the category of telling me how to live my life
By the way why the hell are you in Toronto?
It's beautiful down here and it sucks up there
I'm hearing that it's beautiful down there today for the first time in a long time
I was there all last week and it sucked
Gray and Dank and Cloudy and Rainy
It was hot
Muggy and oppressive and hot
And Rainy and I saw the sun I think the first day and that was it
And here it's cold it's coming up to winter time okay so big deal
I'm here because I want how do you like that?
What are you doing out there?
Everything I do is wrong I read 80 mothers out there
Everybody is my mother
Including George
Here's one from the fake Johnny Dark
Hey Neely happy birthday fellow hope you have any more many more JD
The fake Johnny Dark likely story
And I hope that was the fake Johnny Dark that sent us that racially inflammatory one yesterday
Although I did have two subsequent after we went off the air
Two emails from somebody claiming to be his sister Peggy saying oh that's him
When he worked at Kissey became a flaming ultra right wing bigot
I can't believe that can you?
I can believe that he is one I wouldn't believe that he sent that email
That he's that stupid to understand that and have me read it on the air
And attributed to him right
Oh by the way about that flick that we're supposed to watch
Armando says PS it was on the Sundance channel
Have George look it up because I think you're off the name wrong
Look it up
Or not somebody will know what it is
Just like all these emails I got about wintertime cars about the Jeep
What is it the Jeep Cherokee is that a good one?
It's a new Wrangler I think is what it is I'll look it up
The Wrangler now how much of those run about 100 grand about 30
Maybe 35 like 20 something probably 20 something I think all of it
I'll get to them
Keith says why you were talking about Cooper Fran and Olli
They reminded me when I was a kid living in Sogutuck, Michigan
Wow
I knew Bert Tillstrom the puppeteer who worked for the puppets
Who worked there yeah he did the voices too he lived there too
He was a little funny though he liked boy puppets more than a girl puppets
That's true I mentioned this in passing he was a little bit gay
Bert Tillstrom he was a puppeteer
Boy what a memory huh from Sogutuck, Michigan
Now you ever see that show cook the Fran and Olli?
You know after the fact
You know the way to look just like Sarah Paley
What? I've seen clips of it
Have you? Yeah
Have you clipped it? Not lately
Elaine says sorry to be a chronic and right again I'm not trying to be a chronic
But here's the email address I used to want to have questions about absentee balance when we were overseas
I spoke to this woman a few times she was very nice and helpful
Hope it works for you and that since you're not overseas it will not be a problem as Elaine
Happy early birthday
Thanks Elaine
She's a real trooper Elaine she cares
She cares enough to send her very best
Oh here's the
Here's the lowdown from the herald
It might it might actually be true in the herald these days
In the old days we used to say if it's an a herald don't believe it
But now if it's in the scum sentle
Well first of all if you're looking for it you won't find it in the scum sentle
Like last night's ball score stuff like that won't be in there
Work is shluffing at the sun sentle
We're rolling up the windows early we're going home
Because that's the Randy Michaels FN way
When I found out that he was involved with these newspapers
Oh my god
He was the genius behind jcore which eventually sold out to a clear channel and we're jcore
Nope, yeah I think they owned WFLA in Tampa
That when last year was there in Lionel and
Glenn Dreck that crowd
Browards best vote for a best bet for really voting this morning
The Northwest Regional Library in Coral Springs
Where the weight was an estimated 45 minutes
The longest lines again in heavily black areas most notably for
Lauderdale's African American Research Library
As of 10 a.m. voters were told the weight was roughly three hours to vote there
Day 9 of early voting is shaping up to be a lot like the first day in which a trip to the polls has been a morning long commitment in some areas
According to the Broward County Elections website
9 of the 17 early voting locations had at least a two-hour weight
The polls indeed opened at 11
Tuesday's long lines were led to the nearly 1.2 million early in absentee both cast day-wide through Monday
And what's your name Rachel Maddow wants to know how come they're not voting in such big numbers
What a stupid bitch
How are Dean should have just taken a mic off and walked off the set
He should have said let me talk to Keith or somebody who knows something that what's going on
Rachel
At times Monday the start of the second week of early voting the line stretched for at least four hours at some sites including Miramar City Hall and the West Kendall Regional Library
The state didn't track early voting numbers in 2004 but date and Broward Elections officials say they expect the early voting turnout to surpass that at last presidential election no kidding
During the first week of early voting in 2004 nearly 56,000 voted or just under 8% of registered voting voters
Last week about 90,000 of the voter early in the county through Sunday or nearly 9% of registered voters
In 2004 more than 244,000 voters cast ballots during all of the early voting and date during the first week this year more than 112,400 voted
But the second week is historically busier said that date county spokeswoman Marie Bertol
There's a lot of excitement this year she said no kidding Marie
There's a lot of excitement a lot of pissed off people that douse up 127 no big deal
Everybody who thought they were going to get all their money back today surprise
Abu Gharram Raid
Why did I hit that? I meant to hit
But it's right next to it and I didn't want to interrupt him in mid-ward
All right so it's the Wrangler Unlimited is the four door version
The 08 and the 09 start between 22 to 29 grand as a right soul, sold American, sold Canadian
Well that's US dollars
Yep here whatever the price is there they like double it like that solstice you know
Whoever heard a paying 43 grand for a solstice it's a nice little car by the way
You don't like it? They look fun
You just don't like the way they run? I've never driven what around
Well it's a nice looking little car
Yep
For people who can't drive too well
Oh my god somebody sent me oh here's this
Some birthday party here it says
First the cop notices smoke coming from cell number a 41 to be at Pasco County jail reports the St. P times
Smell like cigarettes which are banned
So the cop hats him down and finds Laura tab and Zanx pills cigarettes rolling papers and matches in the front of his underwear
Before landing in the cooler the admit no stranger to a jail cell had filled two happy birthday balloons with a contraband
And hit them and he's back home wow once inside he got the party started
Ha ha ha yeah
It says sorry readers no photo for this one
What a shame he smuggled a stuff and is back home
Wow I bet you can imagine the amount of a drugs fact Chris could smuggle wow
Naked it as naval
Oh
Made me think of Josh Friedman never just a second
Oh no not even close with a naval juice oh my god
Yeah
I'll do like naval oranges though yeah I told you once upon a time about those great red blood oranges from
Acissally yeah yeah the best
And once upon a time on allotite it back when they were like a real airline I think they're like an
Averture going out of business if they haven't already but they served us orange juice from the red blood oranges you know
Like red orange juice oh god it's great I for it is
Jeweliebrenman is in with the Jews in North Miami at the show for McCain and Matt Damon is in Miami Beach for Obama
Thanks for the end to this stuff Brandon
Jeweliebrenman every time I see him I wish that I was dead or maybe I wish maybe I should start wishing that he was dead
Uncle needed you forgot one on the pool poverty is going to kill me
Says Michael okay
How about starvation I don't think we need anything on the pool of pools boring
Rob says I lived in Colorado for over 20 years drove into snow quite a bit I always drove outies I
Drive a 2006 Audi A6 and love it full full time all-wheel drive allows great traction in the snow and in summer great car around town on the highway
Really stable in the rain as well thing a hall's ass. I know you like Corvettes
Use a little more gas than two-wheel drive cars, but it's worth it
Plus a guy making the kind of going you do doesn't have to worry about a few extra shekels about 60 K. Oh 60 K
Oh, yeah, love the show but George is like the parachute on a dragsters is Rob
That's bad
That was a and here's another attachment
Oh, this is great. It's McCaylin the Stark naked and McCain McCain screw and failing great
I'm gonna forward that
Forwarded to there you go I think quarters is gonna put it on there if you tell it to put it on there quarters
Here's one that says I know you hate suggestions, but your picture on the website is gross
It reminds me of what I might look like please something else. No, I want it on there. I want everybody to see it
What else wrong with it?
It is gross, and that's why I put it on there. You know if you can't laugh at yourself. You're gonna laugh at somebody else like fat Chris
Yeah, he's a good one to laugh fat Gilbert. Oh my god look at the chronic handwriting. I bet you this is Ray
I don't know. It's a chronic and cocoa same difference
By the way, I've been trying to fact you things all day. It's just now started working. Why is that I yeah, I don't know
It's on your end my facts were just fine. I got the log
Hey, Neil when I found out you didn't vote I sat down to write you a hate facts and called you a coward in the hypocrite
But decided to count to ten instead
To do something positive I'd like to suggest one possible reason you didn't you didn't receive your absentee balance for the last two elections
Is the law forbids you as post office from forwarding absentee balance?
If you put down your Florida addresses, you're mailing address, which I did not or the clerk screw up as they did with me
The ballot gets sent out to you and Broward. Well, how come it didn't get sent out and Broward?
I was just home. It's not there and then dot OSE and then dies in the USP
Post office so next time be sure they have the Toronto address and that they
Mail the thing you up there. Well
They have the address and I'm not that stupid as you think I'm stupid, but not that dumb
Everybody's an expert on my life. That's just just amazing to me. Oh, you did this wrong
You should have done that you should have I ve and don't come out in the cold out your eyelashes
I do like Hungarian Gulash
Hmm good stuff
Remember the Hungarian Charter not before their time hundred and thirty first and this came full of art hundred thirty-five
It was right across from what used to be Rocky Graziani's which was a great Italian restaurant great not good great
And on the other corner was the Hungarian Charter
And I put you I don't know if I ever even ate there they must have great Hungarian Gulash
Hmm
Don't start with the food now. I'm thinking about lunch all that I ordered some you did
Mm-hmm, maybe ordered some yeah, and I'm gonna pay for it. Oh from how he's ordered some soup
And you got to pay how he's
You know this this Joe Bell what he's done to you people man. There ought to be there ought to be a log against it
There ought to be a felony what he's done to that place in you people
I'll be in a good lunch, though
Running for president is really a strange
It makes me wonder if this all is even safe. I'm promising you miracles and even denounce the Reverend life
So when you think about Obama just remember I'm half black half white
My campaign message is for hope and change
By the way, don't worry about my Muslim middle name and my wife Michelle is angry
I will try to make the economy right
So cast your vote for Obama and remember I'm half black half white
Have black half white
When will you all see the light? I'm half black and half white
Oh
Half black half white
Oh, right both for me and you will see I'm half black half white
Oh, oh, oh
I like it from 19 at 560 WQ. I am happy at Tuesday to it fact crystal be back with us again tomorrow
Maybe I think what what does that mean maybe?
I don't much that it's a fail. I'm gonna take a look at the schedule Friday. It's is no. I'm here Friday
Chris and George and what about next Monday? I'll probably have it off. I guess I
Have it off and the following week the whole week next week. What I'm off next week. Oh
Well, then maybe I won't be off. I don't know
If you're gonna leave me with free again, don't get me wrong. I like to leave just fine
It's a good guy, but he doesn't have much to say. I will have all you have flee and beast in here with him
I'm not dead and you know something
How about you two guys finish the show today?
Beast is not gonna be on the show again
Beast unless everybody else dies beast will not be on the show ever again
He's an idiot in addition to which you know, you're you're you're such a you're like a jelly pus
God what's that jelly pus?
I have no boy. I have the balls of a butterfly. That's what I said yesterday
I have the balls of a fruit fly balls of mosquito
What else do you want me to do besides say I don't want to try to get you canned and then you want to you
Suggest that we put him on this show. It's called I think I think that you and Claire is getting pretty tight
Not at all. I'm beginning to believe that stuff about you and jolly Joe not at all and a gigantic jar of aciline
I believe it. Hey, that was a case
Yeah, you're working whatever you wanted to not
Chuck in Chicago says I'll second Audi. I can't imagine you need a truck to go through the snow in Toronto
They're great in the snow Audi. They're also quite quick and fun to drive not like the vet but still fast
Well, the vet ain't gonna be driving in the wintertime
Too powerful and too dangerous. Don't you agree? Yeah, I mean with a good driver no problem
And some snow tires enough. Well, what does that mean if nobody drives my vet except me well then
What are you worried about?
Get some snow tires
Snow tires for the vet. Do you know how much the tires are on that Corvette? No, I would not know in addition to which the big
Wide tires in wintertime contrary to what you would think are less stable in the slimmer tires
Well, it's not what I would think first of all, but nevertheless snow tires then
For the Corvette sure and they need not be that wide the snow tires. Yeah
I don't think so anyway. Here's one that says you are hated not meaning us meaning Jackie Mason mm-hmm
Jackie Mason won't vote for the schwarza is an a hole it says
So Sarah Silverman made this cute video for the great slip encouraging young Jews to visit their Bubbies in the 80s and Florida and evangelized for Obama
And she didn't talk about her vagina even once in
Rebuttal Jackie Mason calls her a sick Yanta and runs his stupid old mouth about McCain
Whatever he's in Tettle was opinion no matter how retarded it is
But here's what really pisses me off about midway through the video. He says he didn't vote for John Kerry
Does that mean he voted for George W. Bush in 2004 in 2004? I can almost forgive the F heads voted for Bush's first term
But the second go to hell FU Jacky Mason. I'm throwing out my catty check to DVD. It's it
How do you like that?
Mm-hmm just when we thought he was coming back to the human race here's Josh Cortis with a the phony Josh Cortis
Although it says the real Josh Cortis which means it's phony
Neil I hate to be a bother, but I'm wondering if my next check is ready I
Know this always sets you off now did he come in and thank me for that check by the way that I'm sure you gave him I
gave it to him. I don't remember if he thanked you I
Know this always sets you off, but this time it's really important fact Christian
I were going to the Canes Virginia game and I need the money to keep Chris fed
We're sharing a hotel room to save money for more food. Who is it?
Josh Cortis. Oh, okay. The plan is keep feeding him and hopefully you'll have a massive coronary
I'll be able to get back on your show. I miss you Georgian Brandon terribly
Please make sure the check isn't the male today so I can have it by Friday. Oh, yeah, Chris may not be in on Monday either your pal Josh
He didn't even thank me for the last one
Increate
Retardo
Well, this has been I don't know what what that'll happen today
I don't I'm wondering if we're gonna survive to election day. I don't know
Oh the fake Joey Reynolds said you see Joe Biden gets surly with that Orlando reporting as old news Joey just like your material old
What was that about he's got defensive about being called a socialist?
Now actually she was quoting Karl Marx. It was the most disgusting thing and of course this is this is how desperate these right wingers are first
It starts out would like
Share the wealth and then it goes to socialist then it's communist and whatever
Communist the communist like Mel Martinez your great senator from Florida said
Comonista or did you know today was a Statue of Liberty Day? No, it is
According to this email
Happy Statue of Liberty Day Neil what a simple concept in 1952 US representative Francis Walter Democratic Pennsylvania
Appreciate it the mother of exiles theme symbolized by the Statue of Liberty when in May of
That year introduced oh, this is just long and ponderous
long and ponderous
Ironic that the person who wants to remind and remember the honor of a similar
Immigrant seeking liberty in this country sponsored several
Restrictions are immigrant. Oh, it's just it's just illiterate
Bob get your act together. Okay, it's just too a ponderous and literate
Oh John the fake Johnny Dark says Chris is tight with the with tree Rollins
Is tree the engineer?
Okay, that's not his last name. No, yeah, who's tree Rollins never heard of it?
The fake Johnny dark maybe it's the real one. I think he's lost it. I think he's working at kiss. I think it's the Joe Bell factor
When Joe Bell told him to just kiss it. I think that's what put Johnny over the edge Johnny you ferry
659 vote on our Chris poll. What do we say we're gonna get a 50? Yeah, no chance. He's a retired basketball player
Yeah, and I have no idea I'm just reading cares who gives a crap
Probably some other jocks kniffer
It's busy sniffing old jocks drafts from Danny boy. Oh god
And I'll feed you already Danny boy too much Danny boy don't you agree Chris too much of him. Yep
And way too much of that Jimmy syphilis
Oh
When you want to make impressions on all of your friends
The first thing you do is find some really cool lens
There's only one thing that is way above the masses go get yourself some Sarah Baill in
It's the look that she made famous there's the ones without the frames
No one make tangler there's no one that brought her fame
I had some part of the decision
Might even give you passes
So go get yourself some Sarah Baill in glasses
You ferry oh
Rectum yeah
Rectum
1230 they have a problem in Virginia not enough voting machines and of course they want to keep all those dark folks home
If you're darker than like a brown paper bag stay home
I don't want to say that they're trying to fix this election
Here's one from how who says
Nio why are you criticizing heizing your for trying to sell before Obama raises capital gains taxes first of all
There was a whole big article in the scum central yesterday about how Wayne's got all his numbers wrong
And it wouldn't increase the capital gains tax by 50% it's 33% and nevertheless
In addition to which Wayne's politics are just like his predecessor Joe Robbie to the right of a till of the hunt
No surprise
You have previously talked about how you avoid paying taxes on your gambling winnings in Canada
There are no taxes on gambling winnings in Canada. Let me say it again
And you say now that if you would that if you have a billion dollar profit
You wouldn't try to pay the little tax on it as possible hypocrite
I think you just don't like his finger because he's Dutch you yourself said you can't stand hamster them
And they're only Dutch people there and no foreign tourists that last part is right
The Dutch me give them they make my most of them make my skin crawl oh
cheap
nasty
rude
But the thing about ampionam is that most of the earth except for like three or four months when you know like
Maybe December January and February maybe maroon three or four months of the year the rest of the year
There's zillions of tourists there all kinds of real living and reading nice people there
but nevertheless
And in addition to which Wayne can do whatever the hell he wants more power to him. Okay, sell sell
uh
The fake Johnny dark or the real I'm I'm beginning to think this is the real one
Even though you doubt it I do
You're just sticking up from like you're sticking up for fan Chris right no
No, I don't like well. I've been doing this like him or like like Johnny dark or or or dislike him
Yeah, he's neither fish nor foul. I have no reason to stick up for him or condemn him or anything
I just don't think it is he says sorry too much grandma boon this morning. I meant tree Crawford
I feel like Ralph redneck he says Chris is tight with tree Crawford
Is that the engineer?
Yes, and what does that mean nothing no idea
What does that mean Johnny Chris is tight with tree Crawford
Jesus god the stuff that comes in on his emails man's enough to make you caca
Wow
It's better in the phones
Although I understand you had some real intellectual colors last week. That's what the
Fleet told oh, yeah, all of them
How were they?
What when I want to that mean can't you give me a can anybody in that place?
Give me a straight answer. What do you know? It's like pulling teeth every once in a while you'll get somebody with
That isn't a crank. I was gonna say with something to say but I'm not gonna have too many cranks yesterday
No, the first guy was the oven guy that
Yeah, oh, he's a real panic
He had his fist deep inside his back dome but other than that
Let's give it a shot. Let's take a couple of calls today and see if George's intellectuals are still out there
I doubt it once I come back. They they flee. Oh, yeah, radio. Oh, how cute. Put on tentative. They don't want no part of me
675 votes on your full you'll be lucky to get to 800 the way this thing is going it's dragon now
We're gonna get there. I don't think so they're gonna come through. I don't think so they will you watch you better be way over
700 by the top of the hour by the time a little hand hits the big hand at one o'clock
So daylight time is this Saturday night
I
Mean the daylight time ends
Okay, and let me say it again. You don't have to stay up till two in the morning to turn your clock back fall back spring ahead
So if you go to bed at midnight, it'll be 11 o'clock at night
Got it. I know it's very difficult for a lot of people out there. They get very confused don't ask me why I
Just don't get it
There's a lot of stupid people. That's why
WQ I am hello
Q I am I
Don't I'm thinking the pots even open is it? Yeah, I don't hear a sound WQ I am hello. Okay. Well, at least now I heard a dial tone
I'm still waiting for all your intellectual colors to chime in six five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 team Verizon wireless lines
And once that 80 minute delay catches up these phones are gonna be smoking
I don't know what it is. Is it been that George's back or is that Chris's back yesterday the phones were they were on fire maybe both that they were they weren't good
Don't get me wrong. I'm not gonna lie about that. They sucked
You see anything ringing nope
Wow
WQ I am hello
Yes, sir
Yeah, wonderful program gets a no material you old coot you idiot
And by the way, they don't want to see your face at poppano park again or your ass
The first word out of its mouth. You know what it is. Yeah, I do Reverend Puts
680 on a pull we better be way over 700 by the top of the order when sure we get to 800 if not Chris is not coming back tomorrow
Or Thursday
I'll tell you flea had you pretty much as as good as fired yesterday
Well, that's not good because he's fun with Joe
That well, yeah, he's got a lot of impact. Joe says I don't like to micro manage
Which means he could make a decision which hand away for Zaz with
WQ I am hello
Hello Neil yes
If Obama gets elected
I can't wait and what happened to the country happens
Why now what does that mean if what happens to this country happens what is that
Let me elaborate on that when it happens
Are you going to be what what is it no way to man? What is it that's going to happen? Oh my goodness if you don't yeah, okay WQ I am hello
Hey Neil, so you used to criticize other shows for putting it for reading the fake people calling and now you doing it all the time man
It's working for Le Bastard man. Go with it. Go with the flow. Smol
Mo
WQ I am hello
My rank
WQ I am hello
Yeah, you still my cron
WQ I am hello
Neil yeah only an hour and ten minute wait in Davy today for early voting what a bargain
Yeah, well, it was even better to like I just sit behind four old Yentos telling about me about how it was so much better when they voted back in the 60s
So get out there and vote do what you got to do
To everyone who's listening because you know it's important
Yeah, I'm especially the first caller we had there. Oh, you know what's going to happen to this country if that socialist gets in that's far
You're about you know something you people are crazy all you're right wing lunatics, but then again we knew that before
But you know that you're going to take a big dump next Tuesday. They're going to hear ass wiped
You're going to get your clock cleaned as they say I don't know where that expression came from either get your clock cleaner came somewhere
Well, there's nothing like having a clean clock. So I've said yeah
Let's see here's a few emails you know, I just voted here in Palm Beach County
I stared at the ballot thought to myself
How long I've waited to cast this photo was a good feeling the long lines at all these polling places are too indication of how pissed off and fired up
We are at the Bolshevik that's happened over the past eight years
It'll truly be even more rewarding if we take the majority and get a filibuster proof majority happy birthday John and Lake
Where thank you John
God bless John if there was a god
Subaru was a great four-wheel drive many models it says what when I ask you knew about Subaru we work
What do you think I like them I think they're good cars if you had to choose between a Subaru and a Jeep Subaru
I mean Subaru is obviously better looking yes
Only get the salespeople pissed off when we express one opinion over another with regards to certain things like
Cars or restaurants or anything you understand that right you know something the sales people can stuff it in there
But okay because the sales people don't sell squat on this show
So don't give me a song to dance about worrying about protecting the salespeople
Oh my god here's it is Johnny dark. Oh, no
He sends an old photo with an attachment which I'm gonna delete. I don't open attachments. Okay. I don't have time to punch you around
They've says sorry the hardball clip was from 2000 forgot to mention that I have no idea what that means
Do you have any idea what that mean did you get a hardball clip no? I don't even know what he's talking about
Just they're frantic today man. They're frantic
Your close personal friend rich factor who's become unbelievably chronic since we started the emails boy believe it
Says two and a half hour wait in West bokeh where the Jews voted for Pat if you can and he says he'd rather vote for Edmond
you can and
No wonder uh bokeh hates him like poison. Isn't it chicken neck that hates him? I think so
Sure, whatever. Let's say that and he says I'll second the info on Randy Michael
So it was in the dorm down the hall for me and on the campus carrier current radio station WCVF
He had a top 40 show and I was playing underground music
Please send my very best to my good friend George too. He says
Rich packages voted obviously for Obama like no more quiet. Oh, and here's Keith is back with his stories about
Bertelstrom
Cook LaFran and Ali cook who fran and Ali now that you have my memory bank working another person I knew live in
Saga Tuck as well as Jerry Glick
The tooth fairy on the Larry Lou Jack show it in WLS Chicago
P.S. He definitely liked boy puppets why maybe that's why they call him the tooth fairy
He's got an obsession with them Bertelstrom maybe he'll dig him up like sandy patent dug up and bishop
Why don't you still riding around that pickup truck with the body
Best
Want a lollipop little boy
This is softball with Chris Matthews. What is candidates to be president 2008 but are they qualified? I'm Chris Matthews
Let's play softball
Hillary Clinton welcome to softball. I'm gonna ask you a question. Everybody else afraid to add Senator puppies
I think you Chris. I love puppies
I'm gonna hold you to that Rudy Joy-Anne you were mayor of New York on 9-11 pizza. Is it delicious? What Chris?
It depends it depends on the topping stop dodging the question and tell us if pizza is delicious. Of course. Yes, it's delicious
I'm gonna close you and I'm finding Barack Obama joins us via silent senator Obama. Do you love your mother?
Absolutely Chris. I think everyone loves his or her mother keep it on us on softball
I've did a great Fred Thompson will give us his sake on a smell of fresh baked chocolate chip cookies. I'm Chris Matthews. You watch the softball
Yeah, I'm looking in the speaking of a very jackass. I'm looking for those five to seven a.m. Numbers. Mm-hmm
Because he had that wrong. I'm sure sure that
Just to get the records straight out very
Yeah, those are the ones I don't have a copy of
You know you you you send them to me here. It is ready to fry. I'm in 2554
Waxi in September had a one three. Oh, I see. This is just a monthlies
So they had that bogus month in August
They had a five eight in August and they had a one three in September and we had a five point four the big oh oh
Rock solid finally got a month
Well, we'll see how he does in the with the double duty. He'll be on it too
Even though the protest line stretches longer than the voting lines all over Dayton, Broward the protest line in front of the QM building about
Big Oving on twice a day
They aren't too happy about it. I'm looking up Subaru baby the foresters. That a decent car. What is it? Is it? Mm-hmm
Pretty cheap starts at 28 grand
You like it? I do what do you mean it ain't low? You know fancy looking pit be carb
I'm not looking for fancy. I'm looking for oh, it's it's fine. I'd be happy to own one
That look and then there ads on here with this big Japanese
Sumo guy. Oh my god. No, there's one without him on there. Thank God gross me out
Oh, he's back
Yeah, he's laying all over the car. Oh get him off of there. Shmoots get that shmoots
It's the Japanese SUVs just got a little sexier. Oh
I'm gonna ask it again. It doesn't require an answer because you don't know the answer anyway
But why is it? I mean they're they're Asian they're oriental and then we've already had that argument in time
You finally admitted for once what people people from India are Asians, but they're not oriental
right
People from Tibet are a listen the argument was and still is what they want to be called just like anybody
I don't care what they want to be I know but and you know you want to be called certain things and not other things
There's a right thing
Fag old to fag ethnic group is Asian
What does that mean the people from Asia? That's two out of one points are Asians
China I didn't make that up China, Japan. Oh, okay. Those they are
Oriental's okay, whatever you say man
That's that's that's just a fact that's colloquial well wow who cares we are such a nose picker and nitpick
All right, you know the words don't mean anything you I understand why is it that the Chinese so many of them are so great looking as a Japanese are just oh my
I consider the opposite you're wrong
Well, maybe the Japanese women are hot and the Chinese women are gross. I don't know but the Chinese guys are just beautiful
And the Japanese guys are like they make they make they make Chris look like he's got some bad experiences
Or something bad luck why maybe you've had some bad luck. I haven't had any experience with Japanese
Have you uh, no with Japanese guys?
I've met several of both. Yeah, very nice people. I've met several
That's about meeting I'm talking about you know, oh that kind of experience. No, no
none
Zero oh Brandon says I'm partial to Nissan's and the pad fonders very nice. Well, that's good. That's interesting
I'll pass that along to Josh Curtis. Maybe he'll buy you one
Nissan is a wintertime car they make some the path under that he just mentioned
Really? How much to those caused more than is it more than a four-star?
Well, like how much I don't know let me get my book out
Don't you have your black book there with you?
I got it. I got it ready. I got your black book. Okay, Jeff who's obviously obsessed with Wayne Arnold and saying yeah
I got the picture the first time Jeff you didn't have to send it again
It was a picture of Wayne standing inside the rural castle and looking things over and like the signs are up
And they're getting really close the only problem Jeff is
That Wayne's got our email. He sent me one couple weeks ago. Remember?
Uh-huh. You know, it's Neil at NeilRodges.com even Wayne can't figure that out
And he said they're getting really close to voting the worst part. It says here's I found out he's voting for McPain
I don't believe that
Wayne is voting for McPain Wayne who is a big Ted Kennedy supporter back in the day. I
Don't believe it. Don't do it Wayne
Especially in that neighborhood. Don't do it. Oh nine Pathfinders. Yes. Between 27 and 40 perfect
Would you recommend that for a nice wintertime car? I approve
I mean, it's been so many years. I guess I did drive that the neat that the solstice in some winter days last year
But not on a heavy duty bad days, you know
I mean once the last time you drove in snow and ice. Oh jeez 20 some years. There you go. It's been odd years right not fun
Not good stuff. No still
Although it's it's only October 28th
So it's can only be like at least at least five ten days away
Oh, Dave. Here's the email that he sent that he was referring back to which I have no idea what he was talking about
McCain daily show played McCain talking about the it's reasonable to spread the wealth around in yadda yadda yadda yadda when he was on
Chris Matthews
He did they stopped the video right before he said spread the wealth around sounds like socialism to me old McCain you pain
Socialist communist
Schwarzer
The inward come on keep it coming you only got a week to go they're getting more and more desperate by the second
Get that witch doctor out from Alaska
And then you notice how little play that goddess compared to like Jeremiah right? Oh of course almost nothing
New Pathfinder runs about 40g plus has branded. Oh way too much for me too much for my budget
Oh Mr. Radio is back have you heard back from my Arnold? I love the newly burgers in birch beer
I used to see sandy paint and an ad bishop in their pickup truck and stuff
Miami and then amazing how he's just just feeding back to me what I just got through saying
They like to hang out at the bird bowl says mr. Radio a loser if there ever was one
Uh-oh Pembroke Pines woman hits 1.4 million dollar slots jackpot. How do you like that?
I wonder which uh, oh not cooking a creek oh
I wouldn't go back there if they and there's a picture of the winning uh Victoria
And it goes on and on this is a long thing
Do you ever see a long thing just this word it this is a long thing. Let me uh
Oh, I want to make sure I printed all of these people that send the the emails
They must think I got about a 40 hour show and a staff of a hundred people here
printing this all out and going to the attachments and doing all the diagrams and diaphragms
704 votes on the pool not very good
Chris
Well, I'll tell you one thing flea sure did a lot better net yesterday
Chris we had a much better head start
I think
704 you think you're gonna make 800 yes
unlikely
We got it. I don't think so fancy, but let's imprint this stuff out and see what it says
from
Somebody who says this was also in the Sun sentinel it's from South Florida gambling
And I agreed to Sun sentinel sucks. It sucks water my lens baby. It blows
It's the worst excuse for a freaking newspaper. I've seen in my life
Used to be pretty good. I used to enjoy the Sun sentinel there was actually a little bit to read in a not much and now there is nothing
And if you want a ball score if you want anything that happened after eight or nine o'clock at night
Forget about it because they go to bed early
Stop me if you heard this one before it says someone hit a million plus jackpot at seven old casino coconut creek
How do you like that?
Who's amazing. They're giving out a lot of money. It's a crappy place
It's a size of a phone booth and that buffet. Oh my god
Even the old Jews there were spinning up the bacon. Ah fat. It's trache
Victoria Gaskin 491.4 a million 469,701 dollars and 20 cent on the millionaire sevens
It's a link progressive machine meaning the jackpot builds the money from several
Seminole casinos
It's a five cent machine, but she likely was playing the max 45 cents to cover all the pay lines. Well, let's see five cents then 45 is what
Two and a quarter. Yeah, I hit
Gaskin and Pember Primes was on the outing with her daughter Brandy northern vinci was an auto accident
October 3rd Brandy talked her into going out and getting her mind off her troubles
How do you like that? Gaskin's grandfather had died earlier that day as well
Wow
I hit it just once and twice and I thought I got a bonus and said oh it's adding up ones are gonna stop she told a casino representative
The casino says she thought she saw the light going around it was a jackpot light the machine locked up and Gaskin thought she won four or five hundred bucks
Her daughter who'd walked away for about ten minutes return and said mom you went a progressive jackpot mom. I love you mom
It's the third big hit since March at the coconut Creek casino March 22nd
Paulette miles of Margate played the cash cow nickel machine named after fat Chris and one million
14,000 July 19 the Lake Worth Retarine to be identified played a 25 cent wheel of fortune machine and one two million
29,000 on the wheel of fortune machine man. It was a good machine
Gaskin says she'll be going home to Buffalo to her grandfather's funeral and use the rest to pay off her town home
Which he bought 98 after that she'll buy a new car or replace the one. It's almost total
But she'll wait a while because she's banged up so bad she can't drive for a while anyway
The rest will go to investments. Oh, don't do it honey
She hopes to return early from her 20-year job as a fleet service clerk ramp bag handler at Miami International. Oh
Grandpa dies and she gets into a car wreck and she wins one how much
One point that almost a minute and a half bucks
Of course the government's gonna take 40% of that you do understand that I did
I
Think I the IRS guy standing there looking right over a shorter. I'll take a 40% of that. Thank you
Just hand it right over now or else
705 on your pool. That's not way over 700 to me not where I come from not enough state in New York 706
And the Dow is up 201 point
What's the biggest name?
It's so long to do hour
The economy is shrinking winter light of fire, but I couldn't afford the matches
Don't say it she covered her ears, but could still hear his voice
Let's go back to Morocco. I can't I have you have us up prime
Recession she took it all my house my car
My heart you could never afford me she never said why but I knew I have to let you go
She had a black heart and a pink slip recession. It's not a word
It's a feeling recession the new fragrance from Calvin Klein recession
Available big lots
Okay 101 now we're gonna cheat on the pool thing, but the problem is Eric hasn't put the other pool up that I he if I
To be full to show started
My all-time favorite TV grouch is it's to Charlie B pool
Where's Eric has seen his little box? I am telling him right now. That's a good idea as a matter of fact
What do you mean because we've never done that before
The favorite TV grouch. Yeah, no, it's a good pull. It's got a good list here
But we can't change it. That's the only way you're gonna get your 800 votes is put up a new pool
They evidently don't like this one where nobody is listening because Chris is back. Oh well
They hate you man. They hate you like poison
For choosing ball games over this show or your priorities. Where's your loyalty?
Okay, again, I didn't I go into the ball game. It's right now, and I'd been over in fart in his face
I'd rip off a hole just a cheesy blast and then you're gonna pay my salary when I get fired
You're not gonna get fired. Oh mr. Radio goodbye
Goodbye
You have a lot of fans in the building here, but if you continue to be hostile to us
We will just tune into Howard Stern good and the morning after show about who he and John Han
You wonder why you have half your audience what
You have half your audience you ingrate you keep listening to George. He's an instant tune out
Okay, mr. Radio bye-bye another one these guys threatening to go away, but never will you a hold you
It's fat boy. It's a i.o.d. Mm-hmm. It's cheap channel
Thank God, you know, I mean granted that we're gonna be working for peanuts after January relatively speaking for cashews
But oh my god getting involved with those grave robbers over there look what they did to footy and look what they did to port david Lamont crandston for christ's
See this fat boy these sales holes they go around from one one of these joints to another one
And they kiss ass they kiss kiss kissy kissy kissy that's all they do is kiss ass
That was up 207 points
And then they say oh, you know that Greg read he was a real loser, you know
Guess what maybe fat boy look in the mirror if you can stand it you're the loser
Obsessed just obsessed you and your boyfriend there. We haven't heard from him in a long time. Have we maybe he's one of these phony people
They freedmen
loser
Saad says why are you concerned with under driving you are god after all?
ah
On a serious note, please having lived in germany and england in the winter with the assumption that a you'll be driving in the city
I recommend a car with winter tires not an SUV that has a high center of gravity which makes it more unstable in a regular car
Thanks for a great show ever but not chronic listeners has saw what it what does that mean an SUV is
It's high above ground as the now that Subaru Forester that you're looking at is a
I believe if I'm not mistaken a car based SUV so it is not all high with a high center of gravity
So but they do have like I was telling you this morning
I think that's an SUV they have car based SUVs or or just cars with all wheel drive or four wheel drive that
You know that aren't all that you know how that high clearance high center of gravity business
Yeah, so so there you go, but then you know they said winter tires there you go. It's all about that
Don't give me that song that it's all about that. Do you think I'm going to pull winter tires on my bed?
You suggested that you have to be a crazy whatever it is that you wind up driving
You're going to wind up putting winter tires or you're a nut job. Yeah, if you're driving if you're going to get something to drive in the snow
You're going to need to put snow tires on it anyway
Ralph chronic rouses get a red Ford pickup truck or a Honda element very good and cold weather
The Honda's are around 20 to 25 grand or it does Durango in parking in front of the roller ring next to George
Yeah, he said it's a fact yesterday. They sent an email that you were at the roller rink on Sunday
Yeah, oh
Okay, is he following me around? Yes, apparently said the gold Durango was sitting down in front of the roller ring. Well, I didn't gold
Well, that that's what he thinks of it. Hey, you better uh, fast up now, mister. All right. Yeah
It's gold. It's gold. It's gold. A lot of day. Oh, this full of crap Ed says because you just stuck it up to you
High Neil in George. There is no such thing as an oriental person the orient is a region
Exactly every job application to ask your race has no selection as has a selection Asian
chronic edin for a lot of deal
That's fine. Okay, that may be fine on a job application, but in terms of classifying people like New York
There's no such race as New Yorker, but somebody who lives in New York state that is in New Yorker
That's called colloquial. There is no race called oriental. I never said there was
Well, that's what the discussion was about all that all those years about people who
Are from a certain area and have a certain look
Okay, yeah, well, that's not the what the discussion was all those you know any black orientals
Maybe I haven't met any any black Chinese mon
I've met some Jamaican Chinese people some Cuban Chinese people Jamaican Chinese people. Yeah, it's a crazy
Yeah, you should see
You're making Chinese people. It's fairly common actually
Get out of here. See you later very common. Where in Jamaica?
Yes, there's a lot of them though. Got a lot of Chinese and Cuba
Trineman Jess
And what do they smell like?
I don't know. I have a tip to the other email. You don't know what you're talking about all right
Oriental is our Oriental everybody in the world knows what words have whatever meaning you want them to you know
I know you don't keep it definitions. I'm not interested in nitpicking here. We're not like on some uh, we have we have somebody
Like to worry about being correct. You made a mistake. We don't have Mike Rosenthal so that's where you're wrong
Everybody out there is correcting you. I'll screw them. That was up to 36
Oh, here's one that says happy birthday many more who's this from oh Johnny G. Oh
He says I'm just about to lease a Mazda 6
It was just redesigned for 2009 has push button ignition automatic training also manual
Whatever Bose stereo moon roof lots of horsepower. I don't need lots of horsepower
I think they make it with heated seats too
The inside looks like the cockpit of an airplane very sleek
Fully loaded 29 grand
What do you think Mazda 6?
They're a fine car
Mazda 5 that is to say what is it Mazda's our fine automobiles
Okay, thanks Johnny G
He hasn't been too chronically. He finally got the message. Oh, here's the new poll
And I'll see you view the previous let me print out the previous one. Okay for that guy who likes when I do all the numbers
You're sending it in right. Just you're doing the numbers. That's right
He was one of the first to catch out of that good my all-time favorite TV grouches. Of course Archie bunker
When you say I'm thinking about Oscar the grouch
Well, here's the list Archie bunker of all in the family Fred Sanford Sanford and son and Esther Sanford and son
Granny clamped the Beverly Hill billies George Jefferson on the Jefferson's Mel Sharples on Alice
Luke Grant Meritella Mortcher, which I hated Ralph Crampton Honeymooners
Oscar the grouches Sesame Street Uncle Charlie my three sons Mr. Roper three's company Sophia the Golden Girls
Mother Jefferson on the Jefferson's and Dr. Gregory House from house
What else house TV show never heard of it
You ever see house Chris yep, it's good show
It's still on yeah a
Lobby dam here's the final tally on the first poll now you need 82 on this poll
To get to your 800. I'm trying to help you out
We have to do that yesterday when flea was here
I'll go get him if you offer last hour. No
When my time is up. I will probably die from
718 votes stroke or heart attack 237 old age 202 cancer 110 some other disease 57 suicide 40
Eaton by a shark 27 accident 13 car crash n' eye murder nine terrorism attack five
Military conflict four AIDS three plane crash one drowning one
And a reason drowning's only got one like I said it's all I mean not that there's any plet I guess the pleasant way to die
Just in your sleep, you know, old age you live to 100 good health. I voted for murder
Yeah, what yeah, that's because that's your personality man. You're into that whole of violent thing. That's right there
Well, it fits in perfect with this on a new a gangster rapper motif that I'm going to do
That's what you did to them last week because boy they sure all oh yesterday
They weren't so surly, but today they're just wild
They are really
Oh here's the fake Phil Henry who says hello
I got word that you were discussing me on your show your recollection of it. Oh, they already sent this one
Never had lied to you about my meetings with cars broadcasting well
Obviously, that's not the real Phil Henry because the real one knows that he did they didn't show up
Remember that that was his line. They didn't show up right a bald faced rotesk lie
And I had to call poor Rick Riley who was waiting on pins and needles to find out what that was going on and tell him
I'll feel so they never showed up and I don't believe it and he didn't either
Liar liar are you sure pads on fire? How's that TV show coming Phil
Name the best
Anybody have a heart or a liver in the last presidential debate
Barack Obama and John McCain referred to Joe the plumber
25 times Joe the plumber Joe the plumber Joe the plumber Joe the plumber Joe the plumber Joe the plumber Joe the plumber
Who is this Joe the plumber and how did he warrant millions of dollars in
Free advertising has money been pumped into their campaigns by the
Plumber is union is the leaky faucet in the kitchen of John McCain's Phoenix, the state
Repaired has the tripping showerhead in Barack Obama's Chicago condo
Scott dripping did they turn to Joe the plumber while the country was going
Down the drain
Joe the plumber good for the candidates bad for America
preceding pay for buyer
It's for the
The plumber I approve this message and here's Tommy the third
115 to 560 WQ I am it's just
We have 737 votes total on the two polls fatso
All right, you're not even with a second pull I changed it for you to try to get you to date 100. It's not gonna happen
No, we won't there. We got 44 minutes to make uh 63 votes
You'd be dreaming man
uh
Not gonna happen and then of course tomorrow you know who's gonna be working in that sitting in that fat chair
Lee
Johnny do says you may not want to take anyone's advice on a car who happens to be in your will just a thought
What
He's trying to suggest that you know, I get it. I'm sorry people are trying to get me killed
Forci does know who's in my will but nevertheless and either there's anybody else
Jim James says before you buy check out the Jeep Grand Cherokee 4x4 the best four-wheel drive out there
Is that what you told me the grand grand Cherokee? Yep. You told me the Wrangler. Yeah the Wrangler
Well, those are pants are I think
Yeah, they are now what's the difference between the Wrangler and the Grand Cherokee
I want more of like an SUV type thing in which one is that uh Cherokee. Oh, I don't want that
You know
SUVs are the ones that are really like really famous for like going off the road you know like that things like that
Yeah, little things like that and also gas guzzling
curious to get your opinion says uh chef Sparky
You often talk about your dining experiences in Europe especially places like Italy and Germany
What is your favorite European cuisine have you ever been to Spain? Yes, I have. I've been to Madrid
And the food was
It was okay
In my experience, his Spain has got the most diverse and why ranging forms of cuisine
Their use of ingredients basically encompasses most of most of Europe's food trends
I find it to be the best of the continent curious your opinion. I don't recall all that much about the food in the Madrid
I guess it was okay. It didn't leave any memorable
But that was never in Bartholona or in you know some of the other places in Spain
But anybody who thinks that they can top the food in Italy is gotta be
Crazy unless of course you don't like Italian food. You know anybody who doesn't like Italian food. I don't I never heard of such a person mm-hmm
The food in southern Italy not northern Italy like Milano. Oh my god where they use
They use butter
Southern Italy they could do all of them with olive oil. Oh Leo Oliva
Capone
Olio Oliva
Is he still alive by the way that we discover Eli Wallach? He's gotta be dead. I think he's alive, but I'm not sure oh no
The worst acting performance of a he made Sophia Coppola look like a Catherine Hepburn. You know I speak of Catherine Hepburn
Mm-hmm. She was on biography last night. I never was a bad guy
