Feel God out, WQPL, where the bag is, you fairy.
Oh, the dead piece paradise, only good for a quick visit or two died.
Wrought in mangrove swamps in hell, you want and pass out from just one with.
O then cranky jewels, angry Cubans who welcome you with the shiny feet.
This is a new land, a new land, a new land.
So hard you stink and smell.
I'm off to the great white north to luck as I watch you die.
All right, well, saw you doing out there, George, reading your ass off.
All right, no, we're inside. Thank God.
Inside, inside, yeah, pansies inside.
Oh, no, no, no, no, it's like a wind turtle effect out there.
No, it's great. We're in this is wankiest poker room.
Yeah, stage played any of the slot machines yet.
No, no, there are no slot machines in here.
Although there's some slots.
I'll explain that later.
Yeah, but you will.
Oh, wait a minute. What could this be?
It's from amazon.com, say 25%. I don't want to say 25%.
I don't want to say 100%. Just go away.
Get off my blackberry, you jerks.
That ain't me.
So George is out there at the Gulf Stream.
Yeah, the microphone doesn't have any on off.
And it just sounds like you got a bad cold.
I do actually.
Oh, that's why it sounds like you got a wild sounds like a very natural land.
Good. I wish I could turn my microphone off.
That's going to be really interesting when people start playing around.
I hear you rustling around there during that fifth and I think.
Well, I asked five times.
You're serious. There's no way to turn this microphone off.
That's dangerous.
It's dangerous to just bush leagues.
And of course, remember the engineer was going to call me this morning up here.
Yeah, and I was also told we were going to get the 360.
So I could play things like.
No, I should have understood what I was talking to clearance.
What he meant by we.
I should have asked him for his definition of we when he said that we can take that out there for you.
By we he meant you.
And I didn't know that's what that meant.
Like I was going to have to bring it.
Yeah, I didn't know that or I would have.
So I'll always make sounds with my mouth.
I can play him here.
Yeah.
Good.
I got all of this in here.
Although I got no engineer.
Nobody called here and nobody said anything about coming up.
Yeah, I know.
Well, you know, repairing the delay thing or the intercom or anything.
That's what we were doing with the Ford button, which the light is out again.
I just noticed there.
But at any rate.
Hey, listen, we don't want to make a big cynicism here.
Let's see.
Yeah.
Kind of mail it in just relax.
So what's going on out there?
Anything?
Nothing yet.
We're in the sport of King's poker room.
It's brand new.
It's palatial high ceilings.
There's a state.
So in other words, even when the race is start like a 115, you're not going to be able to see the race.
I I won't, but we'll have one of the TVs.
There's TVs everywhere.
I'll be able to see it.
There's two.
I can see it here.
Big screens.
Five golf streams coming out on the 15 on the racing network here.
So I can see it here and pretend that I'm there.
Right.
But they got all kinds of stuff going on all day here and all around Mark.
So I told you.
Is there anybody there?
Are there people there?
No, there's people prepping.
You know, just our people and their people, their staff getting all the booze ready.
You know, that works.
Yeah.
I thought you were in one of the casinos though.
Yeah, there's just nobody here yet.
As far as like customers.
There's no customers there?
Not yet.
What do you mean not yet?
It's 10 o'clock in the morning.
I mean, there might be, you know, double on the second floor.
There's probably one.
I would have told you about that.
I was told it yesterday.
By the way, it was a bad mistake.
I told you, don't let me go for a while.
I told you to make me stick for at least a couple weeks with a New Year's resolution.
One o'clock the poker starts here.
And I'm so damn pissed off about the Canada post.
Oh, yesterday I was supposed to get my little carb pasta, the dream field and the air of the
sauce.
And it never showed up.
It's coming today now.
It says on there.
They don't sell it in stores there.
No.
Might it be selling stores there?
Oh, yeah, Publix.
Has Dreamfields passed them?
You know it.
I never knew that.
You never told me that.
I thought I did.
Maybe if I looked around, maybe I'd find it somewhere.
Maybe in the minion.
That could be.
Or someplace like that.
And you're all these people.
Waaah, it's so cold.
It's in the 30s.
It feels like in the...
The temperature here right now is minus 17 Celsius.
I know you don't have your chart handy right there.
No, I don't.
Sorry.
It's colder in the witches' ass, man.
It's really...
It's sunny though.
It's one of those winter days when from the inside it looks really beautiful.
Like a picture postcard from inside.
And then you go outside.
A lot of that doesn't bother me.
It was like about minus 12 last night.
I went out to my little convenience store there.
Didn't even put on my tooke.
Hey, you've got to start getting with it, okay?
I know about that.
Anybody doesn't know what a tooke is.
Is there some kind of a redneck?
I used to own a tooke.
Did you really?
Yeah, and then I traded it for a toke.
So the dolphins released a scan camera.
I like the way it says released.
Fire.
You're fired, Cam.
The scanster.
What did I tell you?
And Chris has given me, oh, I think they're going to wait until...
Oh, yeah.
Well, they did name the new GM.
And by the way, you're out, scam.
We'll see so I was right.
Yeah, you're full of crap.
Hey.
The big tuna.
The big tuna.
We don't need the big tuna.
We need the big kahuna.
Robe young.
Yeah, let's play that again.
Let's play it again.
You're being right.
I'm damn glad.
Yeah, we are.
And we're proud of it.
So anyway, there's nothing with any engineers going out out there.
Nothing going on here with it.
Far from the course.
The two coaches who've been retained their assistant special teams coach Steve Hoffman and
Linebacker coach George Edwards.
All the other coaches are free to seek other employment, to really say.
And again, the hero doesn't want to...
Or the sun sentle doesn't want to like couch it in terms...
They're fired.
Not free to seek other employment.
That means you don't work here anymore.
You're fired.
You're out.
Scam.
It says, however, when a new head coach is in place, there's a possibility he'll talk to
some of those assistants, the team said.
This is a difficult decision.
I don't want to thank Ken and the rest of his staff for their work this past season.
Said, often, General Manjou Jeff Ireland.
By making this decision out, gives all the coaches the greatest chance to pursue other
opportunities.
In other words, get your ass out of here.
Clean out your desk and get out of here.
Get lost, Scam.
With your 115.
As if there was any chance that he was coming back.
You'd have to be deaf, dumb, blind and stupid.
You'd have to be like a vegetable on a plate.
Like a piece of broccoli to bring him back.
So what are you going to be doing out there all day besides the...
Well, I'm going to give you a lot of free food.
Yeah, I'm going to see if they're going to give me something to drink.
Why do I Chris has here?
He enjoys drama here this morning.
He went to a do a joy son.
That's funny that you should mention that.
Oh, that full room.
Full house.
Yeah, I've had that problem before.
You've been in the hotel.
I have a different problem here.
I didn't know where the joy sir was.
And so I didn't have my regular morning.
And so I'm going to be uncomfortable the whole show.
I just started laying that out there.
Why, where is it?
This is far away.
I still don't know where it is.
And you know what, this place is so nice.
I'll come on.
But I'm even wanting to read it.
You can't find a turlip.
It's not clearly marked.
Use it now.
Oh, now they tell me.
Now they tell me.
Too late.
Too late, then.
I'm already on deck.
Now they tell you what.
Now they tell me where it is.
It's probably too nice to use.
You ever go into a bathroom that's so nice?
You dare not?
No.
Now that I was doing joy.
Now when nature is calling, it's never too nice to use.
Well, we'll see if I can put this off for fun.
Although I do, it does irritate me that New Year's Eve.
I knew that Christmas Eve.
At Ruth Chris, I went and took a leak and they didn't have ice in the urinal.
Oh, that's criminal.
That's one of the great thrills about coming out.
Well, you know, you saw the great food and the ambiance and the whole thing and the great services.
Going and tinkling on the fresh ice in the urinal.
That's how you know you're in a classy joint.
That's right.
But there was no ice.
But it was still a good time.
No, you could take some time and go re-joice or whatever you need.
A little later on or whatever you need to just rest on.
I might, you know, oh yeah, I'll holler.
You bet.
That's all I can do because I don't have my magic box.
Okay, well, here's some good news because the Iowa caucuses today.
Democrat Barack Obama searched to a four-point lead over General Edwards and I was slowly fading to third.
Just hours before the first presidential nominating contest.
That's the brand new Reuters C-SPAN Zogby Pull released this morning.
Obama and Edwards gained ground over that in the tracking poll.
Clinton fell four points to third.
She's dropping like a rock.
A finish that if held would deal a dramatic setback for the one time.
She was just assumed that she was going to be in because she's Bubba's wife, you know.
Hillary, oh yeah, Hillary.
It was assumed. Well, guess what?
Well, Bama's got 31% Edwards 27 and swore he'd out of 24%
no other Democrat in double digits on the Republican side.
My cock could be expanded as lead to six points.
Go ahead. I hope they nominate that far-bison man.
He got two chances of getting elected.
None and much, much less than none.
What was that?
That's Steph laughing in the background.
I called Rolly a Fag in Sign Language and Steph's thought was...
What's Steph laughing about?
I called Rolly. I said Rolly with very gay.
If I think it was sitting there with no 360 and that the engineer never showed up here, that's pretty funny.
No, he ain't laughing about that.
Oh. What's he laughing about?
I called Rolly very gay in Sign Language and Steph thought it was funny.
Oh, are you doing Sign Language again?
Sure. What?
I'll give clearance from Sign Language for me.
I will. I will.
I know how to say that.
How could be 31 to 25 over Mitt Romney?
Fred Thompson's in turd with 11 points and John McCain's 10%.
Ron Paul's got 10%. He's a phantom.
He's an internet fan of Ron Paul.
Oh, you're afraid of Ron Paul?
No, he's just another dentist, Cassinage.
This is a clear Clinton fade, Paul's to John's obvious set.
None of it's been dramatic but it's been steady.
A clear fade by Swillary.
I had an article here a little later on about how weak she is among men.
She's weak. Although she's not.
It's amazing that all the Democrats are weak among men.
We better start pulling for the Republicans because we're looking for that male audience.
Not. That'll be the day when I start to...
Oh my God. And what a lackluster field of losers, my God.
Mike Huckabee and Mitt Romney and Fred Thompson are really...
I've been married a hundred times to a Giuliani.
Here's the poll from yesterday speaking of that.
Do you consider yourself blank?
Yes.
Yeah, me too.
1,098 votes exclusively heterosexual 847-77.1%.
Bisexual 93, not sure 61, exclusively homosexual 60, only 5.4% that's down 2 points,
down 2% in the homos from last time we did the survey.
Damn it. They've flown away and a sexual 37, only 3.3%.
So what is he? You're going to be doing out there all day?
They besides you and your ass are looking for a toilet.
After that I'm hoping that they'll give me some free food, maybe some free booze.
Beer will do. They got a lot on tap over here in the Sportacans Polka room.
And I might do some milling about.
I had that online, mind.
As soon as people start showing up, we got some...
Well, you sure started making a lot of noise.
You sure started making a lot of noise?
No. No. I might mill about anyway though.
And when people show up we got some prizes that we might give them if they do something amusing.
Well they said we'll leave it up to you how you want to give these prizes away.
We're not giving them out. We got some t-shirts, we got some tickets,
something, don't ask me what, they'll write it down for me at some point.
Orange bowl tickets.
Thank you Steve.
Steve Sloan's over here acting like a producer which is great because nobody else is.
Come back more like a sales guy would be a good idea.
Oh god Neil.
Hello bloggers.
Sony I have posted any new entries lately.
I've been too busy playing C-Tar hero 3.
Anyway, Death to America and Death to Israel.
And now check out this video I shot at the Ayatola watching the two girls one cut video.
I swear it almost lost chunks.
Okay, 10, 16, and 5, 60, WQM.
Let's see what we got going on today.
We had the big dog who was out of costume this morning.
And Georgia's there today and I have no idea why.
Well, so I could get paid.
Is the most important reason.
But I make a few extra bucks.
Are you actually getting paid to be sitting around out there and eat that?
And hopefully I'll get paid to...
Now who set this up?
The idea ultimately came from Lee who did this thing.
I can really hear George now Chris.
I just mentioned that in past.
They did something during the break.
Chris thought I was too loud. It's his fault.
No, you weren't too loud.
Now you're just re-autobi.
So anyway, where?
Chris is playing bush boss now now.
I don't know.
And he's out of control.
That's alright.
Yeah, he's playing bush boss.
Okay, I heard him.
It's like if I get some in advance about...
But he's a big shot.
That's alright.
He deserves it.
I guess.
No, he does for some reason.
Okay, then he doesn't.
So anyway, Lee had a radio station that he was out previously.
They had this thing called Liquid Lunch, where Lee and Lee.
And we're one of the people associated with the midday show with Beyond Location.
We're working on the air.
That sounds great.
It's a great scam.
A way to make money for one of the people on the air.
And so he decided this thing.
I think it's a real good idea.
The air station doesn't have a license.
It's very good.
Right.
It's an excellent idea.
And he taught me about it.
And I said, great.
I would love to have more money to go have free lunch somewhere during the show.
Right.
As long as it was alright with Neil and I asked you if it wasn't.
Well, that's a good flee seems to be really a promoting lot of you.
He is.
He's one of the...
You know, wall supplies last.
He looks so much better.
No, fire him.
Well, you're not here.
Or you'd be the one on the location.
No, I don't want to be on the location.
I'm already on the location.
I'm on the town.
And Rolie's uncle is one of the bartenders here.
So I have a pretty good idea that I'm going to get some free beer before I get out of here.
Great.
That's what we're about.
I see we got the jack show at 2 this afternoon again.
It's coming back in a second.
Oh boy.
There are stories already.
They had lunch show about the jack show.
Well, I'm sure you guys, you were here.
He was out in the loop.
He knew as long as I was leaving the studio yesterday.
There were eight people in the control room all trying to figure out what was going on.
And I don't think they have yet.
What do we buy that?
It was chaos.
It was Mayhem.
They're new producer who we're calling tweak.
His hair is all spiky and he dresses all wrong.
Oh, that's jerks his buddy.
Yeah, yeah.
I brought him down here.
Supposed to know what he was doing.
That might be the case wherever he came from.
But he didn't know anything about our control room.
So it was just a train right there at the beginning of the show.
You know, who knows.
I would keep listening today after the switch to just to see what's going on.
So it's going to be a daily surprise.
You're telling me to do that?
Oh no.
I have so much to do now.
And I'll send you a picture.
And I've got somebody sneak a picture of tweak and send it to you
so that you can enjoy the comedy as well.
A picture of tweak?
The producer there.
His hair is all spiky.
What about guys that wear white belt since you took that pole yesterday?
Gay.
Okay.
Yeah.
We took a pole amongst ourselves and that's not on a sports station.
We had to want some fat on here producing a show on the sport, especially with a macho guy like jerks there.
I mean, he might be a nice guy.
I mean, just because he wears a white belt.
Yeah, I think he's been on for one day.
And you're already ripping this poor kid in ass.
How old is he?
I don't know.
He wears a white belt.
How old is he?
I don't care about his belt.
He wants to get 20 something.
I could use the belt.
Hey, roll his uncle.
How about a belt?
How about an Irish coffee?
Yeah, give him a belt in the head.
Then we got mad dog four to six because how...
Oh, that's right.
It's Thursday.
See, they have to...
The wall of football that we have, they own the hairways.
So...
No, I know that.
No, that's a funny term.
So, it mandates his opponent four to seven now.
He's doing four to six with his regular show.
And then six to seven, it's dolphins all asses.
Because we got to squeeze that in there to keep bald.
We all pacified.
Because then you got all your hurry king crap coming after that seven o'clock hurry king hotline.
And then 735, it's the orange bowl.
All right.
From ESPN radio.
We certainly...
I guess we don't have the rights to broadcast it ourselves.
You guys get me?
Chris?
I'm asking Chris.
I have no idea.
He's laying out.
He's not saying a word now.
Now that he messed up your mic so bad.
Yeah, exactly.
But I do have some good news for you.
You know.
Yeah, what's that?
We got a last-part cutie retails.
I'll be faxing that to you next break.
I play the all right, but I don't have the three six.
I don't know what you're talking about.
We don't have anywhere to put it.
What time is this spot going to be?
Well, you'll find the way.
They just wrote it into the thing.
So, I'll send you the new...
The rearranged vlog in the business.
The live spot on this show.
Somebody sold a spot on this show?
Yes.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Holy moly.
Is this something I know about or something they just sneak into?
Is that it?
No, it's one of your regulars.
I wonder how regular.
Well, that's nice.
That's good.
So, I guess that means we're going to be on there for another few days.
That's our clearance asking me yesterday.
Well, what's the chance that you're going to be staying?
Well, what are these people talking about?
Are they insane or what?
The chances of us staying beyond when we absolutely have to stay.
I would say are non-existent.
Non-existent.
I mean, he's asking me this a year ahead of the fact.
You know, like, oh jeez.
For a 673 votes on today's poll, I don't know about this poll.
I'm not that crazy about it.
Oh, and Charlie B said a really great thing.
Or maybe I'll read it after I do the poll thing.
WQM in Flomin' application.
I just go on Charlie, very creative.
Name Social Security Number, and then are you from Raleigh?
And it gets better than there.
Which personal hygiene routine do you have the most trouble?
You sound like you have a bad cold.
I do it very stuffy, and I woke up that way.
I don't have a bad cold because I slept too cold.
I didn't have it like that I walked out of the chill.
I cried under the covers because it was like minus one show.
It was like minus 28 or something last night.
Which personal hygiene routine do you have the most trouble?
Sticking two out of regular bases.
Flossing, 338.
I voted for that.
Yeah.
Every time I go get my teeth cleaned or go to the dentist for any reason,
she always gives me a song.
And they give you a little thing of dental floss.
And be sure in floss every day.
But who the hell does that?
It's a pain in the ass.
The pain in the teeth.
Flossing, unless you got your teeth on somebody's ass.
Flossing 342.
Shaving 64.
I mean, what is that?
Is that difficult?
I don't like to, but it's annoying.
No, I know.
It sits still.
It's putting out my belly button in 53.
Oh, geez.
Trimming my nose or ear here in 41.
That's annoying when you get all this stuff cleaning up.
It's thoroughly sprowding up.
Sprouting.
How deep of a cutesy you have to have for that?
Applying coloner for fume 36.
Rushing my teeth 35.
Oh, yeah.
It's your like to be around some of these people.
Trimming my nails 24.
Don't trim them just chew them, even your toenails.
Cleaning the wax out of my ears 22.
Cleaning out my Toe-cheese 16.
Bathing 15.
Using my-
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Using my watch 10.
Like I said, good to polish, rally.
Cleaning the dirt from under my nails eight.
Using the odorant six.
Wash my hair three and brushing or combing my hair three.
That's 678.
That's okay.
Here's the QM employment application that Charlie V came up with.
First question.
Are you from Raleigh, North Carolina?
Then, have you ever lived in Raleigh, North Carolina?
Are you related to anyone from Raleigh, North Carolina?
Do you know anyone from Raleigh, North Carolina?
Have you ever had a neighbor from Raleigh, North Carolina?
Or have you ever driven through Raleigh, North Carolina?
I got that.
If you have any of these, stop.
Go no further.
Take this application to the WPM building for an immediate interview
with the general manager.
Then, are you with you?
If yes, stop.
Go no further.
Take this application to file it in the nearest trash receptacle.
Do you like yellow jock straps?
And have you ever worked in radio before a no answer will not necessarily
disqualify you for consideration for employment?
Very good, Charlie.
Very good, Charlie.
So the new producer there for the Jack's dirt show is an Indian, huh?
I didn't say that.
He's going to take him a while for quite a while.
Maybe anybody had any idea?
I know him how to run the board.
That's how it was a case.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
I think he was a stringent character.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
Redungsky shot me up.
It looks like its day around.
It is so good.
aux Bell, London Gleetsalam, Schwellers.
from a lady who says pull his go roasts go roasts from a Kimt email listener boarded work but still
love you guys happy new year wasn't that sweet well but she's kept said a picture he's kept
as opposed to unkempt right he can I will primary the caucus whatever hell it is the uh
Michael do caucus going on today any excitement about that no you'll be excited about this somebody
from i forget who was from my space past this along to me remember kai hicks used to be on
channel 10 news yes it is kai hicks former wplg reporter now teaching broadcast news at very
university recently received three big boxes at our office full of memoravedia that belong to
legendary wplg anchor and bishop the boxes came in after bishops long time companion Helen Buckner
former reporter at suddenly some reporter in my mabeach died October 28th in Texas
some of the memorabilia included bishops trademark brown and white size seven and the saddle shoes
also dozens of photos of an bishop with famous people and media types including Pope Paul and
John Paul the tooth Charles Gibson Don Shula Joan London Jimmy Syphilis and her former colleague
in co-anchor Dwight Lauderdale with mustache university also received some memorabilia framed
letters from viewers and there's two responses on here to this article in the hero one saying
and bishop was gay question mark and another one saying yes it was very well known that she was
a lesbian there was a lot of news after her death concerning her partners rights to anything another
well known reporter on radio sandy peaton was also very close to her she helped settle the largest
state that and left and there were a lot of rumors i never forget that i started that's
how you start remember that right in the pickup truck with ends body and about have a nice day right
there's a lot of jealousy there i guess between sandy and this uh other bike i would love to keep
you all to myself but whatever she was awfully butch on the air sandy and boring butch and boring
whatever began with the b that was sandy and they hated her at iod like poison everybody except your
friend Cheryl hated her like poison renairie hated her like like double poison i never
advised her never met her say i never did either she hated me though she thought i was just
the rule of a lot of them i hated you for some reason because they didn't like what i did in the air
the right outing people well i was and i was ambitious because he's right about her being a
dyke and she just you know couldn't handle it as if she was fooling you know what i heard what
what did you hear i heard she could handle it fine yeah she probably handled it many times well
there's a Barack Obama on CNN with me and there's that boring you drooling yehoo john Edwards god he is so
oh he just leaves me limp yeah you know something i've had to choose between him and swallery i'd probably
still myself i would i think we ought to read this pool a lot today seven of two because it's got
roast but there's swallery on the bus you know i'm gonna go all the way from the caucuses back to the
house back home back to the senate honey get out of our face well she looks like an old hagg now you
there's that uh my cock a bit huckle bee born again now let's take reclandination for christ jesus all
the jesus christmas man it's a war it's a religious war the only problem is the media is too stupid
to recognize it and too scared to say anything about it prohibitive for what we need clothes
think how our game yeah he was great i mean compare you know something compared to what we got
now other than barrack he was great oh too honest two anti establishment two anti war anti killing
all the stuff but there is mid-romening and what a boring old toad anyway the personal hygiene
outline routine i can't even read this they have the most trouble sticking to on a regular basis
flaw saying 354 okay that's like over a little over 50 percent that's a given shaving 67 cleaning out
these are good cleaning out my belly button in 57 i don't have any belly button lit and i haven't
had in the years i haven't been lately well i'm gonna look let's see grab a cute tip uh-oh cute tip
oh my god oh it smells like uh what's his name let's smell it smells like Josh Friedman
no it's not true me my nose or ear hair 43 a flush applying coloner for fume 38
brushing my t37 yeah that's really tough cleaning the last out of my ears 24 trimming my nails 24
cleaning out my toe cheese 16 bathing 15 using mothwash tin cleaning the dirt out from out of my nails
eight using the odorant seven washing my hair three and brushing her combing my hair three what a
bunch of slabs what a bunch of real freaking slabs we got okay slabs rounds with dobs remember i
said yesterday we had this list of the 50 most uh what what is it called again obnoxious worse
most loads some people in america 2007 we got to number 40 loot dobs your hero
charges obvious intensifying xenophobia and distrust of the yellow and brown races
possibly exacerbated by mexican wife
i'll do it whatever useful message dogs once had about economic populism and they build a
deleterious effects of globalization and cheap labor on american wages as long been
treated by his obvious animosity toward foreigners especially mexicans in the chinese
every installment of his hour long bro by the way there was uh one person won the 36 million
in a lot of last night obviously it was not me was it a Chinese i don't know i hope not
every installment of his hour long brock cast on cnn is dominated by the reports about the
menace of foreign imports be they illegal or immigrants crossing our broken borders or spread
disease and rape our women or point poison this product from communist china prove that dobs
is a venomous yellow ejournalist mithead can be seen in his reaction to media criticism of a segment
on a show which it was erroneously reported there have been a sudden upsurge in leprosy cases
totaling 7000 just three years assertive which was a lawyer who also had spent as a sentence
features that mexican immigrants tend to molest children and truth there have been 7000 of
cases of leprosy in the past 30 years dogs was confronted several times with this fact first
he strongly defended his numbers then strongly denied he ever had to use those numbers a real
journalist admitted there is dobs as an ass exhibit a sharply criticized use of mexican flags
and immigrant administrations then denied the obvious double standard that comment by going on
to say that he would have the same problem with Irish flags at the same patties day parade and
in fact that he was against the same Patrick's Day yeah sure Lou sentence stuff with green cards
turned into anastepiniana
huh cute oh there's how he didn't they all support the president's veto of the health care
for children bill the democrats are clearly going to put that in if we get a democratic president
and that stuff matters to people so i you know i'm neutral in the race of courses the chairman
of the party but i'm pretty happy with our field and i think any of them will be preferable to
any one of the republicans that are right well that's for damn sure okay making us to be
preferable and can bring a long isner number 39 john van er
charges tom a tom delayed the cycle of shameless hypocrisy van er won't stop weeping openly
on the house floor real crying from his tear box it's not passion it's the pathetic new time
in creation of an obvious documented alcoholic job title minority whiff is ironically hilarious
bound by ideology to destroy the nation exhibit a his name is boner sentence afflicted with voodoo
hex that makes him cry poisonous spiders 38 steven more i don't even know who that is
charges mo rock is evil twin and founder of the election law breaking pack club for growth
more is the wasp reg journals most bracing corporate apologies and free market sick of hand who
tried it out on tv to manicure the invisible hand hand every time it chips and they'll squashing
the poor exhibit a if you don't want to buy a chinese toy don't buy it at walmart but you know
why people buy these things because they're cheap and for the most part they're pretty good
sentence given low wage job test looking all chinese imports
incurs brain tumor his epiphany about consumer choice and income then more brain tumors
and he must be the uh walmart guy steven more is he i don't know well whatever i'll google
37 mit romney charges america's first clip art presidential candidate romney is a strange
mixture of geese show host looks an android charm a true flip flopper romney's ability to turn
on an ideological viam is unparalleled but his excuses are so inauthentic that even republicans
have trouble suspending to disbelief exhibit a you can't have freedom without religion and you can't
have religion without freedom sentence straight to the roof of his family car which is dog attempts
to drive across the country but crashes horribly because dogs can't drive a course romney's
flex burns off in the ensuing fire revealing him to be a standard protocol droid set to world
domination mode nearly edge out of primary race by huckabee the american voters why
so i do think we're gonna win this one there are some people who would also say that democrats have
sort of uh... lost a lot of the leadership edge if you will and some of the other
around the world these young and still bitches on the right right to reshape that
it's the party back on track to where they they're not people are voting people aren't when they
vote for president they're not voting for cut so let me ask you something they put you out there
and you're telling me that there's nobody there they don't open until when no no there are lots of
people here uh... showing up that they start serving lunch around eleven ish
yeah and uh... so i expect that's when people will start showing up to this room over here but there's
a lot of activity here at the track it reminded me that fill everything if the mimey beats your auditorium when
there was uh... with convention center when there was nobody there and the thing was close to the public
no nothing like that they're just their prep and you know thank god Georgia's got their
self-stream go out there and bring them some cash
yeah
who's a good
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
ten forty six fourteen four eleven and five sixty double the pandoff here we are Jason jerks coming up at two of the two to four
slot now with our brand new line up here on q-m what do you think about what that's just a rhetorical question
i was just asking how loud okay serious by the way so i'm gonna give you updates another starting to get serious
over here because you know the guys in the suits with a little earpieces they'd like to look at people
they're starting to walk around now
you know the people watchers the security
yeah they're showing up so that means
is there anybody around the age of a hundred
yeah employees i mean like gamblers no no customers on this in this uh...
poker sport a king's poker room
you are not yet
there are no customers in the net in this room but they're all over you have you've driven by it here lately
no i know since you've been on a tell because they know i'm not allowed to drive it's a uh... it's a whole new thing
over here at gall street if you haven't been by lately
yeah a little less on their in their their continuing there's construction going on
like all the while
out here well here's a very unnerving news i don't want to be on your parade since you're doing a good
shield job there but
the u.s. department of the interior has approved the gambler compact between governor charlie
christ and the seminal tribe that would allow blackjack back a raw and vegas style slot machines
at the trives seven florida casinos but but a spokesman for attorney general bill mccollum
said yesterday he'll move quickly this week to get a federal judge told a hearing on a lawsuit
five last month the stock agreement from going into effect until the florida supreme court can
decide whether it is legal
the compact has yet to be published in the federal registered to take effect the earliest that
could happen is monday since sandy copes macommas folks woman we're right now exploring options to best
expedite our lawsuit coves said christ and the travel council signed the compact november that's
charlie gay your governor in exchange for the state law when you expanded gambling at the trives
seven casinos florida would collect $375 million over the first three years and a minimum of
a hundred million dollars a year for the rest of the twenty five year deal but many state leaders
have criticized the agreement some claiming the state wouldn't get enough money others have
christ overstepped his authority they were saying you ferry eran isa case spoke to him for christ
that the governor was aware that the department of interior proved the compact on monday the governor
hasn't made any further comments beyond that he said i think i think it's ironic it's sweet irony
that the rednecks the yahoo republicans in florida are such so so stupid
that they were able to put over a yay for our governor in florida i think that's that's sweet
justice really sweet you know what i mean sweet stupid how speaker mokka rubio of west mimics
content of the christ was too lenient and granted the trip permission to offer the expanded gambling
and collected the legality of authorizing games such as blackjack and backerot that are illegal
in florida you know the phone hasn't run once yet i'm wondering if it's working oh yeah it sounds
like it's working to me maybe that's just because you're on to regulstry me sound like you have a bad
cool i do have that cold although this irish coffee out of clear my head now good
legislative leaders have asked the florida supreme court to evaluate the compact argument that
christian of soft their approval the supreme court plans are hearing on the case jenny were 30
about 30 man very richard one of the seminales problems attorney said the department of interior
had 45 days from the november 14 signing of the compact to raise objections he said last night he
didn't know whether the interior department formally approved the compact or left the 45 day window
laughs without taking any action from the federal government standpoint publication of the federal
register is the last step of the compact to take effect they try oh there they go now now the
phone is smoking baby you know who they are going to be the trip now he's not under yet the
tribe has given no indication now that it's starting offering expanded gambling if the legal
challenges are resolved in its favor man the engines are just the engines gone wild i'll get back
to that list i don't know but i feel like it i don't want to do them all it's too many plus a lot
of our partners like the next one on the list isn't the master chief not even a real person you know
kind of never uh cheesy never heard of the q a m hello jayton jarg saw
comity q a m hello neo yes sir hey i just put a phone charger up my rectum uh no no no no good
w d q a m hello hello hello hello yeah i'd like to get on there with neo you're on there you're at
oh hey why are you doing yeah just like i said a minute ago hey there you go be listening to you
never called in i want to call in about gambling the people gambling about working with about
criticizing the gambling thing with them yeah yeah people that got problem with the gambling issues
i apologize every other issue that doesn't come to you they don't want if they don't want to go
there stay home you go somewhere else go to church nobody's making them go gamble nobody
you're going to be anybody's in saying go to the gambling place
but they're going to go in hell for saying that sir you're going to rot away you know
what they got to get in line i got a bunch of other things i have to bring in okay go away
wow thank you by the way for never calling before i got to turn the heat off in here
okay do some yeah i'll play a song no i don't think that yeah i wish i could but i can't come on
Chris have some music you know better you know better there we go
hey drop the argument i don't want to hear that again he was playing that yesterday
yeah i know it's all he's got how to see the end of the minute it's all he's gone
well i mean he'll play you be ill and wdc you're way too long hi Neil that's sure happy
now your sir it's a late honor off and there's a sweatshirt and it's just stay on for a while
off for a while as it blank wdc way and hello it's a late honor off it's got a great
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha drop it drop it look at that i keep putting this on hold
why am i doing that i don't know operator here you know what i'm out outside of the studio
yeah i'm doing what the calls sound like the friend the same yeah oh like i said crap
with the QAM hello hello Neil yes hey uh Neil listen about your poll i always consider myself
to be a straight individual but after watching tom brady changes shoulder pads Saturday night
i felt something kind of stir yeah wdc way and hello
hello hey Neil yeah uh earlier you're so something about
the chief that's the main character from some game yeah i know that i said it's not a real person
right oh i don't even say you didn't know who it was no that's not what i said at all i said
not a real person yeah and you know something we'll like sit on each other's lap
yay i think i think the reason that we had that number go down our point yesterday is a lot of
liars a lot of blood back in the closet baby you're fairy wdc way and hello yeah yeah
yes today i have uh-huh and don't do it again he will don't ever do it again wdc way and hello
hello Neil how you doing okay sir yeah i'm just calling to see if George is going to go skating tonight
is he going we don't care don't tell him all right too late do it when you're on i don't want to do
skating when i'm i don't know what i do you know i want to do skating or sign language okay how
do you do it right i'm almost hockey and harness race wdc way and hello and you play taste like a
panic q a m hello Neil yes come come on he's got oh
wdc way and hello because everybody helped me tap my sneakers wdc way and hello
q a m ola yeah we ain't can dole and howl mail he took that
wow great he's still alive what a man that oh rj into into dola he was the city manager okay
back during my halendale war days with sonny Rosenberg and i cried of misficion in halendale
we want Neil Rogers off the air he's making fun of all us old blue hairs and howl and
they all they should rod and hell hubbub and drared yeah they're still alive too rj into dola
and sonny Rosenberg evil doers they should be on that the list of evil doers
they were drinking of that yes yam hello
as they were going to call get it done the records of radio call wdc way and hello
ranger he goes to the right wdc way and hello hey have a good year Neil back to you
hey i really heard you guys were actually George talking about the the jj or jackson whatever
call it church church yeah oh man i don't know what was going on but it was a disaster
in what context i don't know how long that's gonna last but uh what was the problem
his producer he was playing some some i don't know who his producer is but he was a tweaked
from funny goli noises in the background i don't know if it was a bit or it was just the drop
or whatever it was but they had some uh tech on the technical difficulties i don't you say
really uh real bad how surprising at qa m oh yeah of course they only put trying stuff on
uh but i enjoyed the show okay thanks he enjoyed the jerk show yesterday and of course it'll be
back on again this afternoon and two and every day from two to fours you know long as it will go off
smooth today i think they go out all the bugs they shook it out yesterday well you know
i mean i said they would show this for a guy what else going on this is not a spn he'll i'm sure
he's figured that out by now this is not a real radio station uh twerk for whatever your name is
what was named summit that's very easy part of this is that his buddy brought him down the
florida that's the funny part last time that happened it was mohawar david it did with uh what's his name
shmikol shai who was a good guy shai was a good guy and he was fired probably that
that was and of course he was Jewish too and in his really so sure 80 strikes against the mario
without shai you're out this is the neo-roger show
what solid is going go go go go go go go go go go any questions
where's where's that press conference with scam scammer
you're not gonna be missed in the grocery store anymore
you
shout
let's go
It's 11.15.60 WQM. Happy New Year. It's still not too late to say happy New Year.
At what point does it get to be too late? Like next week against tomorrow.
There's a lot of day for that. Today's last day for happy New Year.
Oh, just being arbitrary. Based on what? I just pulled that out of my arse.
Well, screw you. No.
I'm going to say happy New Year. Does still sound stuffy?
748. It sounds stuffy. Do I still sound stuffy?
Oh, yeah. Not as bad. Why before you know?
No, I'm drinking an Irish coffee.
All right. Sound a little bit better.
I'll only be in the take by noon.
Chris, we'll get your pot back up where it belongs.
We've never left. A lot of Chris can be some pot.
I've touched this pot on us and stuff like that.
We just, we just relax.
Good. Or such a nervous moment.
I hit it well.
I can't hear this morning in sat down.
I was like, oh, when you get up in the morning, it was 80 below zero last night.
And I'm like sniffling a little bit.
Yeah, it's the wintertime allergies.
Oh, you sicker, something old, you.
Yeah, exactly.
You've been hanging around Eric too long. That's your problem.
By the way, thanks to Eric for New Year's Eve,
bailing out Cortus. Cortus said, thank you very much.
Because Eric did the bedtime stories because Cortus is exact words to me this morning.
Oh, I wanted to go out and get hammered. So how unusual.
Give the Cortus the number for AA.
Okay. Give me the number for FAA, FADDIS and ONLINES.
Go ahead. I'm back.
Now I am. I'm really on the boat.
And I checked online.
Yeah. Canada Post Day.
And my package is on the truck for delivery.
Where the hell is it already with my pasta?
Basta with a pasta already.
Jesus Christ, that's the only way I'm going to lose any weight.
The low-car pasta that saw us.
At walk.
Just a walkin'.
You don't understand, New Year.
This is not the time of the year for walkin'.
Yeah, it's got you got it.
It is minus 15 Celsius.
Yeah, that's hot.
Put your out of coat.
Steal belted radials on your feet and go for a walk.
Dog Thompson asks, how many more Americans must die?
There's a question that nobody asks, present,
so candidates and issues run for the top job in a White House.
It's a question that must be asked, how many more Americans must die
before we end the illegal and immoral war in Iraq?
Forget about time tables.
Forget about political implications.
And forget about our so-called mission to bring democracy
to that award-torn country.
We no longer have democracy in the U.S.
so honor from being exported to another country.
This is a simple question of life and death.
How many more dedicated men and women must die
before we admit we were wrong and bring them home?
The American death toll will soon top 4000,
I suspected past 4000 long time ago,
because the Pentagon played fast and loose with the numbers,
and some who died after leaving the country with wounds
died later from those wounds, but their deaths weren't listed
as a lack of combat casualties.
But the issue here is morality, not numbers.
It was wrong for the rest of the invaded country
that posed no immediate threat to our way of life.
We weren't supposed to do things like that.
If one American dies to man legal and immoral act
then it is one American too many.
The blood of every American killed or wounded
in that war stains the hands of everyone who helped promote the invasion.
The Bush administration hacks the Occupian Intelligence Data,
the members of Congress have voted to authorize the invasion,
the media that fell for the flag-waving propaganda,
and every right-wing nutcase that continues to remote the slaughter
is some god-given right of America to kill those who disagree with us.
America has become a bigger tyrant than those we seek to overthrow,
where an international bully feared on some front and despised them anymore.
Respect for this nation vanished on the international stage long ago,
even the late Pope warned George W. Bush that invading Iraq
would be a criminal act, even Papa knew that.
The presidential campaign treats the Iraq Wars a taboo subject
that must be handled with hyperbole and double-talk.
Among the frontrunners on both sides only Democrat Barack Obama
voted against the invasion of Iraq, but even his comments have tempered of late.
Hillary Clinton voted for the invasions refused to apologize for that vote.
John Edwards has changed his position more times than couples in the Sex Education video,
and Republican frontrunners Marching Goose-Step with Bush on the War.
Republican Ron Paul and Democrat Dennis Kacinichvase
must have their campaigns on opposition to the war,
but barring a major upset in the primary,
he neither stand much of a chance of winning their party's nomination.
So it's time to ask the question to those who stand the best chance of becoming the candidates,
how many more Americans must die in Iraq,
the only acceptable answer is none, says WET.
Well, there's my Kuckabee in decades.
You'll tell your kids and grandkids, I helped make political history.
Right, we put a far-bicinate goi in a way,
and of course we already got one, and look, that's working out pretty good, isn't it?
That's just what we need, is this preacher, this Bible thump,
and hate-mongering preacher from Arkansas, another goofball.
And it's really interesting how he's like skyrocketed at the top,
because the Christian right, he embraces all of our bigoted positions
on every issue you can come down to fight with.
Other anti-science, anti-intellectual, stone age, flat earth crap.
There's Ned Romney, there's another one with his magic underwear.
WDQAM, hello.
Not there, QAM, hello.
Oh, if I was right in Georgia, I might have go get it.
Oh, okay, go get it.
Hey Chris, play that music.
Play UBL this time, would you?
It's under UBL.
UBL in order.
Yeah, you're J.
Come on now.
Quick of that.
Which remember that song?
Yeah, whistle while you eat something like that?
Whistle your a jerk.
You've done that before though.
I mean, you've got your blood sugar all through the ceiling during the show.
Yeah, remember the lady that brought by the...
Oh, I know.
The Ruggola.
Yeah.
Ruggola.
A Ruggola.
During the show, I did your diet on the ear.
Thanks a lot, bitch.
At a wheel you out.
It's like that woman are keeping her in the smarties to the hockey games and I kept begging
her, don't bring these.
I'm addicted to them.
I'm diabetic.
They're going to kill me.
That's right.
Or it's sick during the game and my head would be pounding and the game would be sucking
and...
Oh my God.
Stop doing that.
People killing you with kindness.
I don't want no candy.
Okay, if I want smarties I can go right across the street by all I want.
I can buy a bushel barrel full of smarties.
Jackass bitch.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I thought Jesus.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Okay, the Puerto Rican is near Psychic Anivia.
Lee's sucks.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yes, he is.
There's no office at Kipzle stop.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
How are you doing, Neil?
Okay.
No more happy than you.
I hope the best for you is coming here, Neil.
Okay?
All the best.
All right, now, how about this?
I love you.
I love you, I love you, I love you.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Patients are making some chuban.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah.
Well, I don't want to see George.
Hi, George.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey, listen.
I voted just on the poll, Ricky Strayboro.
Ricky Strayboro, who you?
And I think, because it's cute, you know, just then, then, Brady.
Okay, bye.
Yeah.
How many Q-A-M, hello?
Hey, good afternoon, I was nearly happy to be here.
Yes, sir, good evening.
Happy New Year, George.
Yo, yo.
Hey, man.
Just one quick thing for us for a delicious thing.
People are freaking have their dogs and sweaters down here right now.
I can't believe it.
Yeah, oh, yeah.
Poor babies.
Oh, it's in the 30s.
What are we going to do?
Hey, Neil, can you do me a favor?
I've always wanted you to do this.
Can you put all these crazies on the phone at the same time as you?
No.
No.
Yeah, put them all on the phone and now just walk out.
If we could put them all in one room at the same time.
Yeah, that would be good.
Would be something.
With you, right there in the nose.
Oh, yeah, come on.
I brought a good one.
7.62 on the poll and we're going to have, I think, over 800 by 11.
I think, yeah, we should be set for 1,000 today.
This should be pretty easy.
And it's a fabulous poll.
Gross, disgusting choices on there.
They're all picking their navel, lint, and each others.
That's probably what they're doing at the Rones house now.
They're picking each others navel.
Oh, geez.
Oh, yeah, yeah, toe cheese.
You had to go there.
You had to go there.
And they're probably picking each others.
Right, come, boo.
All right.
WDQI.
Hello.
I got on.
WDQI am hello.
Did you feel this?
I used the Georgia taking as the...
WDQI am.
Hello.
Neil, good morning, sir.
How are you?
I'm fine.
I'm related, happy new year to you, sir.
Man, the same to you.
You know, it's not the same on this radio station and we'll
what the hammer's on.
Yeah.
And you know what?
He gave the infamous finger on the way out the other night on
this farewell.
You know that, don't you?
And?
But I'm just saying, it's not going to be the same if you
leave either.
What are we going to do down here with?
Probably find out what station I'm on and listen to me there.
That's probably the way it works.
WDQI am hello.
Neil, in the real world, the Patriots rule here in South Florida,
everybody's eating two of his sandwiches while he's firing
there, buddy.
WDQI am hello.
Neil, what exactly is that feature for Marcus or a friend you
with?
How are you?
WDQI am hello.
Hey, I have a new year, Neil.
Back to you.
Hey, just keep us posted on where you're going, sir.
I hope you have a good year.
You make a lot of money.
Just me and you will make a lot of money as well.
Yeah, just me or you.
Yeah, just me.
Not you.
Just me.
I don't share.
I share with people I want to share with not some stranger on the
phone and wants to suck up my money.
I want to siphon all these klingons, man.
Just me and you, baby, 50-50, yeah.
I've heard that before.
How we doing on the survey, 7-62, queer Christians just
taught to try to get to a thousand, especially with Georgia
and through a Gulf Stream, kind of in limbo.
Now we're going to be doing this every Thursday, is that the idea?
No, no, no.
I don't mean a Gulf Stream, but I mean somewhere.
Hopefully once a month somewhere.
I want some money in different places.
That's the scan that Flea's got going for.
That's a great scan.
I love that, man.
Good.
Well, there's white blood.
It's the money, believe me.
You see this white lately?
Have I seen who's wife?
Lease.
I don't know.
Didn't know he had a wife.
Is he sure that with you, too?
Not yet.
Well, keep working on it.
Jenny, Jenny, you were a hot team.
Now they're saying, saying you're jumping.
I saw the pictures of your kind, it's cheeseburgs.
Yeah, I sent to myself, okay, well, so what?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Still here there.
36, 24, 49, when it cameras around.
You might not to cover your faces.
24, 49.
moist.
36, 24, 49.
I remember what it is, man.
Last couple days I think I'll make your call.
It's times to read your voice.
Yeah, I don't know what that's for a second.
By the way, I found the restaurant finally, and I got a little
bit lost in there, it's kind of huge.
You have lost in the team.
The restaurant, it's amazing.
And if anybody in there tapes some of them up right.
their toe? No, it was all empty. Except for me.
I see.
Maybe the guy who chews the horses was in there.
Maybe.
Anyway, Iowa pastors who support Republican Micahkabi for
President have received letters warning them that getting involved in politics
could endanger the taxes against status of their churches.
Several pastors who are publicly backed up have been a Southern Baptist
minister who support from many evangelicals, said they have received the letters
which have no return address surprising. We sure they've arrived in the weeks
leading up to today's precinct caucuses. Two letters were sent to the Reverend
Brandt Sherman of Solid Rock Christian Church.
Rock Solid.
In Coralville, the first arrived a couple weeks ago and more than he could be
prosecuted for a supportive Huckabee. I just laughed. Nobody lands in jail for
this, he said. Someone's tried to intimidate Christians from getting involved.
Good. Good.
I say all religious nuts, regardless of which brand we're talking about, all
religious nuts should be prevented from voting.
Wouldn't that be a good idea? Sure.
A second letter came yesterday alleging that the internal revenue service is
looking for churches that back candidates in violation of tax rules and
mentioned Iowa Senator Charles Grassley, a Republican.
Now what just happened?
I hit my microphone there.
Oh, I got it.
Oh, it was an Esquito. It was attacking me.
A Republican who sent information about spending my high profile ministries.
Well, maybe the Esquitos looking for a role placed in the line myself while they found it.
The Reverend Kevin Hollinger, a first Baptist church in Algona, has received three
similar letters. Although Hollinger's endorsement of the Huckabee hasn't heard
his congregation's for a particular candidate, I just encourage people to get out and
vote and use their biblical principles. Hollinger said, I don't tell people who
would vote for it. Hollinger said he doubled the doubt that the letters would
intimidate anybody. The Reverend Rex Decker has received nine letters, including three
yesterday.
Decker, a cavalry of apostolic church in Des Moines, said he wanted to vote above
the letter writers and assumed they must think pastors are ignorant of the rules
regarding church involvement and politics. Regardless, he said the letters won't
change his intention of conquering for a Huckabee.
I'm very impressed with him as a person. I think he's a tremendous individual, Decker,
who said he's far-bistened enough for me. Jim Harris, a Huckabee, spoke to him in
Little Rock, Arkansas, said the campaign was where it letters, but didn't know how
many pastors received them, or they were just being sent in Iowa.
Now, do you like that? Don't be supporting no far-bistened glory like that, because he's
the wrong flavor. He is not the flavor to do your.
Seven, seventy-seven on the pole, seventy-seven. How come you're not playing any droppings?
Hey! I wish I could. I can make some of this with my mouth.
What do you want to hear? Don't be making sounds with your mouth.
How about the food?
How about the food?
How about the food?
How about the food?
How about the food?
How about the food?
How about the food?
How about the food?
How about the food?
How about the food?
In vision of the scene that goes on there, can you just...
I really don't want to.
Not before lunch.
I'm not drunk enough yet.
And this is an everyday, Monday through Friday, this goes on every single day in that place.
That's all they've got.
In that pit, wherever these three lunatics are, in that pit, every single day.
Hi, Ron!
Hi, Ron!
Hi, Ron!
Education!
Present!
I got news for you, boy.
You won't hear this in another show in the free world.
That's right.
That's not a selling point.
No.
WDQYM, hello.
That's a sticking point.
Well, I'm really excited that my box is downstairs.
WDQYM, hello.
Hi, Ron!
I'm over here!
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You've been told George you've been a wife and you've been fired for being drunk on the job.
Yeah.
Go ahead.
Fire me.
Take control.
I've been trying out.
WDQYM, hello.
Yes, my question is, why would you send George to...
I didn't send anybody anywhere, okay, sir.
I wouldn't know if Donald...
It's okay, I'm gonna...
Yeah.
No, that wasn't, Mr. G.
It was...
It was?
Yeah.
No.
Trust me.
WDQYM, hello.
I think you're up there.
And QYM, hello.
Oh, no, I'm a kid.
Wow!
They're kind of muffles today, too.
Maybe they were in mufflers because it's so damn cold.
That could be...
That's it?
They're really kind of...
Oh, like that.
What are you thinking on the Polter?
Chris, you got 778.
That's not so great.
You'll be over 800 by the new hour.
That's generally the...
Yeah.
That's what we need to get to your thousand.
We'll hit a grant.
So it's the big Iowa caucus and you notice all the heavy political conversation going on here on QM.
Because what does it have to do?
And how come we're not carrying the scan camera camera press conference getting fired?
We'll have to.
I think Clarence is slipping.
If you ask me, all the engineers are out of the Gulf Stream.
What?
All the engineers are out of the Gulf Stream.
Yeah, all of them.
There was even if we wanted to.
We couldn't.
I just went over to a sports center there on TSN.
They don't have it.
See, I guess most places don't want to carry press conference with something that everybody already knows what the outcome is.
Because everybody knows that scan camera and all the coaches except who got canned this morning.
They got canned.
They weren't told that they're free to go out of the...
They got fired is what they got.
Don't we do that to Sonsan?
Don't we do that all the time anyway?
Carry press conference?
When we know what they're going to say or they want to say it?
That's my point.
That's what I'm saying.
What's the point?
It kills time and...
Yeah, there we go.
You can go downstairs, get your box.
That would be right.
I could put some on the... on the stove.
QYM, hello.
Like a juke steroid baseball going...
WQYM, hello.
I hate pyronelons.
WQYM, hello.
Hale.
Yes, sir.
What's just about you leaving the radio station?
What does that mean?
What does that question mean?
What station should I listen to when you're going?
I'll let you know, sir.
If I have a deal somewhere, I'll let you know.
It's unclear.
What's this about you leaving?
What's this?
What's this?
What's this?
I'm going to get a beer.
What's this?
God.
I'm going to tell you something.
Seriously, if you had any...
Well, I think you do have some idea.
How thrilled I am to be here and not to be there.
It could be 100 below zero right now.
I would still be...
I have an ecstasy.
Every impact I'm on here.
Oh my goodness.
WQYM, hello.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, I'm Mexican.
I need some money.
Get it?
No, okay.
How unusual.
Standard light.
Yeah.
Too late, pal.
Somebody beat you to it already.
All of Mexico.
Yeah.
Handbrake Rich Lepper.
That's what they eat.
Really?
25 past 11 and 5.
60.
Don't forget the second edition of the Jason Jerk Show today
to a flank ought to be a big improvement over yesterday
when the board off.
Yeah.
Either way at the beginning.
That's the best part.
Just to see if they...
You think they get on the earth?
They can get on the earth.
Or we're good ones to talk the way things have been going here lately.
This is true.
What was that deal on Monday?
That was very exciting.
That wasn't...
That was the...
We can pochkage.
Yeah.
We can lunatic.
So we can little children.
Sure.
We can play games in a radio station like it was in a record.
By the way, we did trace it down.
And the buttons being pushed that had no business being pushed as the cause of that was.
That's why nobody saw it right away because people were just...
How unusual.
The buttons that ran them.
How unusual.
Right or not.
Not.
I'll tell you one thing.
The Joe Bell era man.
It's not as quite as good as the...
Not as perfect as the Scam Scam era almost was.
But pretty damn close.
And don't forget to waste from today the book comes out.
Oh baby.
What about my hearing there?
Door opening and closing.
Oh.
Is it just things sound bad?
I don't hear any people though.
Did you hear typing?
No.
Okay.
I don't hear any like other than you.
I hear no people in there.
I hear no people.
What are they doing?
Milling about.
Oh.
I'm not gay.
I never have been gay.
Bob Bob Bob Bob Brand
Bob Bob Bob Brand
Six thousand dollars, you ferry.
Uncontrollable, oily discharge.
Get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, get it.
My hardest part is to manage the office and connect a rack to the wall on terror.
Haha!
Love me and agree with me.
Yes, for the normal!
You ferry!
Hey, she is a handsome woman.
Bob Bob Bob Brand
Bob Bob Bob Bob
Bob Bob Bob
Bob Bob Bob
Bob Bob Bob
Bob Bob Bob
Bob Bob Bob
Bob Bob Bob
This is where a dictatorship would be a heck of a lot easier.
Just so long as I'm a dictator.
I am not gay. I never have been gay.
I am a commander.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
