The music expressed on the previous programs are those of those of you.
I hear that Zack's got a colon in his chest.
You could be wrong about that.
How about those patriots, huh?
Hello.
Professor Spar agency.
Can I just read that or what?
The best talent.
The last two minutes of your darkened broadcast yesterday
and the most embarrassing piminists in radio history.
I sculling in these specialists, a gemmy.
You're further home, man.
Man.
Man.
He's running up this good.
Man.
560 W.
Even the sister Mary Man is my god.
What a wussy.
Talk to me.
560-560 in day and row.
In other counties, called toll-free, ate to the mass, the man dog.
Meal the man.
Or pound 560 on your eighths.
That's all.
And provides a wireless phone.
That's a thank you text.
That's a tenions expressed by Neil.
His guest, somebody to get Jimmy as simple as out of his phone with me.
That's the way you can.
Somebody's hoping in the old record.
Who would be the first time out.
The Neil Roger Show.
560 W.
Q.A.M.
Hey!
Stench of Palmenor covers over this performance by the Dolphins.
That's his name.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go, go.
Miami has the Dolphins.
And here we go again.
Another losing season.
That's never gone up.
And they never win.
They never will.
And I will never know.
Why sports illustrated picked them.
To win the Super Bowl.
And they're up.
Miami Dolphins.
Oh!
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the league?
Good for you, man.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
The same old story.
Nothing new.
You fair.
The Dolphins are such losers.
They really are quite lame.
I knew it from the very start.
I watched a Pittsburgh game.
And did you see the wimpy weight?
It's saving through that flag.
Standing on the sidelines.
He looked just like a fag.
And they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the league?
32.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
They're problems.
Stick to them like glue.
Yes.
Who's the Dauphin?
The Dolphins.
Watch the footballer.
And then he can't see.
It's only by sheer luck that they pulled out of victory.
And then they played the Texans.
It almost made me sick.
That stupid two-point pass play.
That fumbling on-site kick.
And they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the league?
So...
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Oh, and no more, and needs no shoes.
You're fair.
The Dolphins can't control the ball.
They're running.
Game is flat.
As for their execution.
Well, I'd agree with that.
They're always gone a flow of lead of that.
And can be sure.
And when they leave the field.
So has the stench of common door.
And they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the league?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Give them another shot of blue.
Oh, you're fair.
Oh, you're fair.
But Dolphins have no strategy.
They play like idiots.
Another couple games lost to the Patriots and Jets.
I think they're all retarded.
It's almost like their curse.
As Jason Taylor and Zectomis.
Which team is the worst in they'll say?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Absolutely.
Miami Dolphins number.
Oh, what the hell?
32.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now they're bruised.
10-04-560 WDQ.
I am happy and Monday to you.
Oh, possible UM game at 6 o'clock or 8 o'clock.
30.
We got a game?
6 o'clock.
We do?
Yep.
The Keynes basketball.
Boy, that's a big boy on Friday.
I guarantee we had a humongous tune in for that.
Not.
So we got Keynes basketball at 6 o'clock.
Who are they playing?
Do we care?
I have no.
We don't know.
By the way, the fake veggie from Boko.
Your email this morning is so over the top.
I mean, I understand your sentiment.
But aren't we cursed?
Aren't we cursed?
And it goes on and on and on.
I mean, why would anybody with any kind of a life spend this much time writing a thousand words about
the dolphins and the Hurricanes giving up over 89 points and over a thousand yards in offense?
Why would anybody do that?
Well, I'll tell you.
I have no lines.
The reason fake veggie from Boko.
And I will say this.
I don't have one email from any dolphin saying, oh, you kicked our ass, Neil.
Good job.
Are you a team or anything even remotely like that?
I'm sure they're writing.
Why?
I'm sure they're writing them right now.
No, they're not.
Sure.
Come on out.
No, they're not.
They're doing like the last two minutes of our broadcast yesterday.
I came in here.
I have no idea why.
But I'm so glad that I did.
And I punched the button into cue so I could hear it.
And Jimmy Cifalus was barely audible.
He was barely making any noises with his mouth.
And the mad dog and little dog were like, eh, is he going to go for the touchdown here?
Man, that bellichag, man.
Oh, he is.
And Jimmy's call of the touchdown was the worst call of any touchdown in NFL history.
Oh, it's another Patriot touchdown.
I mean, I'm not exaggerating.
He barely made sounds with his mouth.
That's somebody's idea of broadcasting a sporting event.
Oh, yeah, here we go again.
This is such crap.
When you people stop with this serious garbage, first of all, I got a good article today.
Serious is going to be out of business soon.
Got a really good article from, um, where does it from?
FMQB for one of those joints.
The fake time chicken.
Oh, God almighty.
Why? Why me?
And what's the other one?
It sounds as if the sundowns, which has been left on at AMWQM signal is the worst today.
Redlands Jim says the signal is the worst.
How could it be any worse than usual?
In other words, we're like on nighttime pattern.
Mm hmm.
Hello.
Can anybody hear us?
Hello?
Can you not hear me?
I hear you, but I'm not talking about that.
Oh, oh, that.
No, we're talking about the signal.
Couldn't hear you this morning.
Well, that's right, because it's Monday, because they got a lot of important ball games and crap over the weekend.
So Monday, every Monday morning has to be disaster.
And George has to be a patch gear around with the equipment and reset this and reset that.
Every single Monday, because it's a horse ball place.
We got a wall of football, baby.
We don't have time to.
That's right.
The dows of 162 points, by the way.
It looks like the wall crumbled down this week.
Wow, the Hurricanes with that grotesque performance against George A Tech.
They played like Drek.
And then yesterday, wow.
4828.
And these people are crying.
Yeah, he's running up the score.
Yeah, that bell.
By the way, Joey Porter, you're an A-hole and everybody in the world knows it.
Big mouth, stupid ass mouth.
Am I right, Chris?
Okay, why?
What?
I mean, he's kind of out there with the A-hole.
What just happened there?
What?
There was like reverb on the feedback on the return.
No, anyway, no, are you saying Fatso?
He's kind of out there.
I don't know if he's an A-hole.
A-hole.
Why is that?
Say it.
Why do you think he is one?
Because I guess you didn't watch the game yesterday.
You haven't been watching him.
Yeah, I've been watching his aberrant behavior over the years.
I was watching the game yesterday.
Okay.
Fake Tom Jicke says rumor has it that Bubba loves bunches, living serious XM radio in
January and that announcement of a status to the company could come as early as this
morning.
Orbit cast has learned that Bubba will be departing the world of satellite radio for a terrestrial
syndication deal with Cox Broadcasting.
We already had all of this crap.
As to who will be replacing Bubba, sources told Orbit cast that near Rogers and Phil
Henry have been named as possible replacements on Howard 101 channel.
Well, that's really interesting because nobody has offered me any money.
You can take your serious and stick away to Mundo channel that made a big move this morning
on the market.
It went from 14 up to 17 cents.
Thank you, Abe.
Yeah.
17 cents a share.
Anybody?
It's a buying opportunity, baby.
That's right.
Gobble it up.
Just like the Thanksgiving Turkey's goblet.
Additionally, FNQB is reporting that announcement about Bubba's status and serious could be
coming as early as this morning.
They just got through saying that.
Upon further inquiry, Orbit cast is confirmed with Bubba's representatives that a Monday
announcement is indeed two, though details of who cares who the hell cares.
Yeah.
Well, good luck to you, Phil.
Phil Henry is going to Syria.
Are you sure?
Maybe they're actually talking to him.
This ongoing game that just goes on and on.
You know what that would be like going to seriously be like jumping out of the Titanic.
Just as it was about to go on down.
I hear they got a good band, good food on them.
Everybody hop aboard the Titanic, baby.
Where's that article?
I got my pile here somewhere.
Satellite radio is dead by Mike Elgum.
And I haven't I've been telling you that.
Didn't I tell you in the beginning that it wasn't going to go over?
Wasn't going to fly?
Wasn't going to fly?
Oh, no.
You don't know anything about radio, Neil.
You don't know anything about radio.
All of us radio groupies were the experts.
You know, Mr. Radio and the fake Tom Jik and all these other geniuses.
Glad you understand that.
And like Jolly Jobelle, he's a radio maven man.
Maybe they could put him on with Mike and the maven.
Here's the poll from Friday.
I like this poll.
This was good.
What's your favorite near Rogers created nickname?
Moe Howard David.
Did you do it?
225 beats everybody hands down your pants.
Maybe that's when he was like a pick and seeds.
What was he doing?
I give up.
Don't you remember the days when he used to like pick his butt?
Now that's wrong with this line, by the way.
I'm hearing strange things.
I don't know.
How does it sound on your end?
Just five?
No.
Queer is a bell.
Jule Lieberman was the late addition we apologize.
He might have given Moe a run for his money, but I doubt it.
129, a strong second showing for Jule Lieberman.
The Humper, 78.
The Humper, the Humper, the Humper.
That was funny.
I saw him over the weekend, by the way.
He looked, he didn't look out to over 400 pounds.
Wow.
Lewis and Alton, too.
Will you please, Humper?
I don't know how he keeps going, man.
He's a miracle of modern science.
Alex Pini-Pecania.
I can't say the word 77.
We know it.
Lauren S. Limbaugh, 75.
Just move along, please.
What?
Jimmy Cifala, 74.
Boy, your performance at the end of the, I didn't hear the rest of it because I obviously
was watching on TV.
But that performance, the last minute or two of that came yesterday was the worst, the
most grotesque, and most bushly I have ever heard my life.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know why Alton didn't just start crying.
Get out the crying towel.
Yeah.
Another Patriots touchdown.
Gildey, 67 for Gildey.
Justin Tinkerbell, 66, the Brain Stim, 59.
I wonder if he enjoyed that game yesterday, the Brain Stim.
Iliana Rosanna, 44, Fat Asjale, Joe Bell, 34.
Dandelabaster, 29, SCRUAN, 26, Swillery, 25, Jurk Jerk Street, 21.
Maris Grisi asked 20.
They, we don't even have that on there right.
And she still got 20 votes.
Howard Spurm, 19, the Backdoor Boys, 19, Paul Castanobal's 18, Tony Cigaretteau, with
those goofy ears, 15.
Mr. Ego, 14, George Step on Top of his 13-hour winback, 13, John Revolt, 13.
Oh, what is a lot of names on here?
I made up all these stupid names, 1246 votes.
God, Jimmy's Johnson, 9, Barney Faggy, Mary Mellophant, 7, Ron Hershey, Highway 7,
Aston Kuchikou, 6, Sid Rosencrantz, Bershwort, Steen 4, Ricky Tiki Sanchez, 4, Ricky Tiki
Shaw, 4, Jason Jerks, 4.
Now, wouldn't you have thought that Jerks would have done better?
Oh, what a...
SCR America 3, Anderson's Pupr 3, Camberal Martian 3, Tom Dullike's 2, Rick and Spud 2, Ralph
Redneck 2, Xavier Sears 1, 2.
And one from Ufflanzi, Kimibou Campar, and Cesar Odeus.
4, Ricky L. 5, 60 QAM, 4th lead.
New portion of this program may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM
B. B. Broadcast Group Incorporated.
A.
Spent of Palmenor covers over this performance by the Dolphins.
All right!
All right!
All right!
All right!
Well, Buffalo has a football team, the greatest in the land, and everybody thinks they're great,
because they really are.
The Buffalo builds aren't enough for what?
See what I mean?
So just sing a little.
When you say Miami, when you say Buffalo, and near the Buffalo Bills, Buffalo Bills,
the greatest team, and the history of the human race, the best Buffalo Bills, the greatest in the land,
since sliced bread and canned beer.
Yeah, there you go, and your jazz up that redneck stuff, delicious and banjo.
Holy sweet God, listen to that.
When you say Buffalo Bills, it don't sound so redneck, you do it.
Everybody sing along now.
Are you Bill Fands?
Here we go.
Well, the Buffalo Bills are the best teams.
They have the best record over the last five years, and they went to the Super Bowl four times,
which is one that I can say for this scum-sucking vision, and they're the greatest.
Because I really like their uniforms.
They share his health, beat their heck out of having a fish on the helmet, because they're the Buffalo Bills.
The best football team, what I ever seen, and the history of my life, they are the Buffalo Bills.
The Buffalo Bills, the homogen, Kelly, the greatest quarterback in the league.
Yeah, everybody, the Buffalo Bills, they're the Buffalo Bills, and they've been around longer than the stinkin' rotten fish.
Well, they're the Buffalo Bills, Buffalo Bills.
What would you rather have as a petabuff lower a fish?
In 19 and 560 WQAM, here's the poll that we got up there right now.
Boy, really sucks.
Sorry, Charlie B, but you're paused lately.
Now, that other one was good, the one we had on from Friday, but that wasn't his poll.
That was from some blistner, a listener, and a physician.
Here's the current one that really blows, like I said, 480 votes on it.
If you were Neil and had his money, what past-timer pursued other than the slots would you splurge it on?
What a, see, again, it's a Neil-centric poll because Charlie B is obsessed, obsessed.
I think he wants the way your skin.
Oh my God, he's like just pathetic to touch the flesh.
Yeah.
To wear the flesh.
First of all, how does he know how much money I got?
And the answer is he hasn't got a clue.
Or is it an even's business?
Travel to exotic locations, 145. Hooker is 60.
Yeah, I get a lot of hookers.
Hey.
Sugar-dating, somehow a young thing, 55.
Yeah, where is he?
I'd stuff it all under my mattress, 41.
A big new house, or condo, 22.
I'd stick it all in the bank, 20.
Real estate, 16.
Electronics and gadgets, 14.
My friends, 13.
That's what I spend it all on my friends.
And George says I'd buy my friends.
I don't have any real friends.
That's not what I said.
That's exactly what you said.
That's someone else's line.
That's someone else's line.
I don't remember that one, though.
No, you're so, what is with you today?
What?
What is your problem today?
Just because your team lost a few days.
You came and crying, you're just saying?
No, not at all.
Yeah.
Orange paint on the face off the air.
You hear that drill?
No, yeah.
I heard the hammer in the middle of the door.
Oh, yeah.
They're, they're playing up stairs
and the apartment right above.
They're doing some refurbishing up there.
It's been going on for days and days.
I don't care.
If the signal's really that bad,
well, what they're into will make.
And exotic car 12, investments 12,
strippers 11, charity 9, drugs 9,
a yacht 7, a private jet 6, yeah, like those auto guys.
Fine dining 5, plastic surgery 3,
collectible R3, tickets to sporting events 3.
Oh, yeah, that's what I want.
Tickets to sporting events, bodybuilding 2,
a motorcycle 2, my medical ailments 2,
food, food and more food 2, boy.
I yesterday like a pig.
I ate a food.
The sink of battleship.
I'm all carbs.
No, not all carbs.
I had a couple of cheeseburgers without the bun.
And then from that point on,
it was all carbs the rest of the day.
You know those big M, M&M's,
the big bags like the family size?
I ate the whole thing.
The stock market one, oh, yeah, it's a buying opportunity.
That's what the fake Maria says.
And none for jewelry and fine gems,
booze, phone sex or porn.
Out of the first 180 votes on this horrible Charlie B. Pull.
Charlie, you got to do better than this.
I mean, you don't have to, but I would imagine that.
You possibly could.
He just, he just taps out whatever first thing
comes to mind and he puts him on there.
Here you go, Neil.
Here's some of my great polls.
Oh, now speaking of, and I'm not not
not controlling B, he's given us a lot of material
over the last two, three years.
How long he's been on there?
At least he makes an effort, you know?
Yeah.
Let's see, we got the big O2,
mad dog at four and the six o'clock we got the game.
Yes.
You went basketball again, somebody.
We don't know who it's going to be and we don't care.
And then I guess DA follows the, you went basketball.
He always gets to follow something that's like dead area, you know?
And then they wonder why his share always starts with a,
oh, he got to want something though this time, I think, again.
Second month in a row, he got to want something.
Share at a boy, DA, you keep plugging away, baby.
Little didn't know when he came schlepping over here
from Kansas City.
Of course, he left there, he was unemployed, you know?
He got canned.
And Charlie to a bell made him an offer.
He couldn't refuse and he came down here with his tail
between his legs and oh my god, he must be,
he must be suicidal by now, DA.
Okay, hungry bear who's a real pain in the ass.
This is what he says.
Oh, no, this isn't the, no, let me read the other one first.
Nio, you did such a great job.
You really beat the fence.
Congratulations.
You are so great.
How did you do it?
Then he goes on, you went into listen to the radio broadcast
of the game, shocking what a lifeless loser you've become up there in Canada.
No, I didn't really come in here to listen to the radio broadcast of the game.
I came in here to send some news stories to Eric and Cortis.
For neorongers.com.
That's why I come in here.
That's the only reason I come in here on the weekend.
And while I was sitting here since there was like a minute and a half left in the game,
I thought I'd get the, the, the lay of the land.
So I, I punched down the cue button and I listened to the last minute and a half of the embarrassment,
the terrible trio.
It was the worst.
What a loser you've become.
No, I don't think I'm a loser.
Maybe you're a loser because you take the time to send me all your negativity.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What a bunch of a holes there in Florida, man.
Yeah.
God, just loaded.
That's why people, you know, there are people flocking in because they're unsuspecting,
but there are a lot of other people flocking out.
The happiest people I ever hear from other ones would say,
oh, we took your advice.
We got that out of this toilet.
Congratulations, okay?
Here's one from Neal who says,
Neil, you're right, the Pats kicked our Amos rectum.
Isn't that cute?
Isn't that clever?
Oh, no.
No.
Anyway, the hungry beer says, what the hell is wrong with Jimmy Syphilis?
I'm driving in my car, trying to listen to that crap of a call of the game
the dolphins were winning, and Syphilis making it sound like his boyfriend just dumped his dull ass.
Somebody please punch Jolly Jo and clearance in the freaking face for subjecting us to that crap.
Well, I can blame them for a lot of things, but not for Jimmy Syphilis.
The teams get to pick the broadcasts.
Not the station.
The team gets to pick them.
So blame the organization, okay?
Blame the stinking rotten fish organization for Jimmy Syphilis being on there
with his lifeless calls of the game.
He seriously, he sounds like he's in a coma.
Remember that Perry Como bit on SCTV where he had like a practically late oxygen tent?
He was laying down in bed singing.
Well, that's Jimmy Syphilis in an oxygen tent.
Oh, another patriot's touch down.
I should have taped it.
There you go.
Atta boy, Perry.
Kicks him ass, baby.
Perry Como, the barber from, where was he from?
Somewhere in Pennsylvania.
Latrobe.
That was, who was from Latrobe, PA, Jack Netflix?
Arnold Palmer.
I don't know somebody.
You hear that drill going?
Can you hear it?
No.
You can't hear that?
Nope.
Sounds like it's shaving.
Yeah, sounds like somebody's shaving.
They're genitals.
Here's one from I.M.
That hemorrhage with my nose up, Neil's asked the fake chewy rentals.
Hey, dolphins, if you don't want the patrons to run off the square, here's an idea.
Play defense.
You wouldn't know about that, though.
You wouldn't, of course not.
Because you dolphins don't know anything about football.
You would, dolphins, you're not the owner.
What?
To the coaches, to the players, to the ballboys, to the herpes infected cheerleaders.
None of you know a damn thing about sports.
How do you like that?
Herpes infected cheerleaders.
That's a shot.
Wow.
I wish Billet Check would affect the extra point, convert to the two point conversion, and kick the non-side kick, recover it, and throw on one more bomb to Randy Moss's o'clock expired to make it 56-28.
That would have been beautiful.
Miami dolphins, number 32, only because there are only 32 teams in league.
There are high school teams that would whip the dolphins.
The only reason that dolphins have six wins is here is because their opponents were betting on the games.
That's it, it says.
I hope their team playing crashes on the way to St. Louis.
The world would be a much better place.
Not that this guy's a little bit over the top, huh?
Wow.
So on the one hand, we have the classless dolphins.
They don't want to give anybody credit for beating their ass yesterday in this highly touted game.
And on the other hand, we got some of these dolphin haters just rubbing it in to which I say, keep it up.
Rubbing it in, man.
That's my castle, dude.
Wanna rub it in?
Rub it.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's a big dog.
Joe Rose.
Take it, take it, take it, take it, take it.
Oh, it always matters.
Nicky, look it.
Look it.
The team is the team leader.
Yeah.
M-O-N-K-N.
The A-Y-S-U-C-K-S.
Wait, are you here with they say it's all next on Larry King Live.
Governor Sarah Pailin unscripted, uncensored, unleashed.
Right now, on Larry King Live.
Governor.
I will do what the people of Alaska want me to do.
My life is in dog hands and he's got doors open for me.
I invite you to come up to Alaska, especially look at the resources.
Again, I'm not going to close any doors of opportunity.
Governor.
And the door is open for me to do so.
It would be something that I am who I am though.
And I call it like I see it in some of those questions regarding, am I going to close any doors that perhaps would be in front of me and would...
I'm not going to close any door there in terms of opportunity that may be there in the future.
But if it's like my dog hands, if he's got doors open for me.
What a story.
Again, I'm not going to close any doors of opportunity.
Now, don't interrupt.
You're almost out of time so quickly.
Are you ready to run for the presidency?
Is that something that would...
I'm not going to close any door there in terms of opportunity that may be there in the future.
But if it's like, you don't run a race for lose, my goodness.
I'll be back in a sec.
I'll be back in a sec.
What a waste of cash.
Case everywhere, baby.
She's like a freaking disease.
She's like a syphilis.
I'm sorry.
Nobody's like him.
1032-560-WQM.
Neil at NeilRodgers.com is the email address, boy, pretty grim and slim this morning.
They almost be in mourning.
You think?
Nothing.
Nothing.
I just clicked on that baby again.
Sipity, dude.
Oh, and by the way, I was telling George before the show this morning.
One of the real...
I mean, it's not a big deal.
But one of the real nice things about Outlooker's Press is that when you block somebody, they don't know it.
Right.
It automatically goes to your deleted items.
And then you can check your deleted items.
You can see the same losers that you've blocked.
And they're...
Oh, Neil, man.
Of course, you don't read it.
You see this is J.A. from Maryland again, or Mr. Human Evancer, whichever other loser is sending you a bunch of crap.
We're thinking that they're sending it to you.
And in the meantime, they're blocked and you're not paying any attention to it.
Which is a beautiful thing.
Let me look on there.
I would have Charlie B. Poole for tomorrow.
I don't even know if I want to use this one.
It's another really bad one.
But it's a poll.
You know, I don't know how you feel about it.
It's a freaking poll.
Yes.
16 cents a day.
Oh, they lost one cent of the three cent gain they made.
Serious?
Back down to 16 cents.
Speaking of that, here's the article I was talking about.
Mike Egan, Elgin, from FMQB.
Satellite radio is dead.
This is written November 19th.
So last Wednesday.
He says, I hate to say it, but somebody has to.
Satellite radio will come crashing down to worth within the next two years.
The newly merged, serious XM radio is already living on borrowed time and borrowed money.
And simply will not and cannot survive.
First of all, I'm not an anti-satellite guy.
I don't want satellite radio to end partly because I have a lifetime subscription.
My family has two subscriptions and all.
And I listen to satellite all the time.
But reality is working against both the serious XM radio company and the idea of radio delivered by satellite.
Ha!
As the competitor radio, satellite rules.
It has the most advantages as radio.
It has most of the advantages, namely that it's easy to use.
It's in the car.
It has content you can't get elsewhere.
How it's turned, for example.
Plus it has quality's regular radio doesn't have.
Better sound quality, far more content and focus channels like the Elvis channel.
Satellite radio is remaining static either.
It's evolving into something better than what it used to be.
The devices are becoming better and smaller and gaining great features such as the ability to TVO programs.
Unfortunately, however, the rest of the world is evolving too.
Six trans will kill satellite radio.
One, the rise of MP3 phones.
Cell phones in general and the iPhone in particular are mainstreaming the idea of listening to music on a cell phone.
Because people carry cell phones everywhere including in the car and other places where current subscribers listen to satellite radio.
Every phone is now a direct competitor to satellite radio.
Two.
You hear that banging upon the other.
I do know.
I think they're going to come through the floor right through the ceiling.
Jesus Christ!
Two.
The rise of MP3 compatible cars.
When satellite radio first hit it was very difficult to listen to an iPod in the car.
Now it's becoming very easy with dashboards either containing MP3 players or supporting them with jacks.
Jerks?
Three.
The coming wave of mobile broadband dashboards.
Cars are increasing... it's driving me nuts that drug.
Can you hear the drilling?
Nope.
Maybe if you put the microphone up to the ceiling there.
Yeah.
Maybe if I just climb on a ceiling it's sort of banging on that popcorn ceiling.
Maybe I can have a little lunch.
The coming wave of mobile broadband dashboards cars are increasingly getting cell phone wireless connectivity built into the dash,
starting with the same high-end automobile categories.
They're most likely to offer satellite radios and targeting the same kinds of car buyers, audio files with money.
Once your car is on the internet all the time I tune there's something like it becomes the mother of all replacements for satellite radio.
Four.
The rise of podcasting.
This talk radio delivery system has been very slow to take off, but it's been growing and will continue to grow unobtated.
The difference between the growth of satellite radio and the growth of podcasting is that podcasting doesn't depend on the marketing of one company or an expensive delivery system.
It's free.
Five.
The rise of live podcasting.
Most podcasts are better served asynchronously.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
But for news and games live a superior and that was a huge advantage of radio satellite or otherwise over podcast.
But sites like Blog Talk Radio are changing all of that and podcasting is quickly turning into a medium where shows are broadcast live, then made available as a download forever.
Shut up up there you idiot!
How do you really feel?
Oh.
Six.
The economy is cratering.
The stake in the heart of satellite radio, the looming recessional finish off the serious XM radio company, and the concept of satellite radio forever.
How bad is the economy for serious XM? Let me count the ways.
First understand that serious XM has 3.4 billion dollars in long term that 1 billion dollars of which is due next year, 300 million of that do by February.
The company racked up this debt during an economic boom when we're entering a bust.
How will serious XM get out of this fix?
The current plan appears to be a little more than creative debt refinancing.
This is the most hostile credit market ever to buy time for some unspecified future miracle.
Satellite radio depends almost entirely on subscription revenue.
The biggest source of new subscribers has been new car buyers.
Unfortunately, the downturn is not only radically cut car sales, but is reducing the percentage of new cars that have the fancy satellite radio upgrade compared with pre recession.
The biggest channel for satellite radio is or was GM, which has recently suffered a 45% reduction in new car sales.
Other car companies are looking at reductions of between 20 and 30% and that's now before the recessions even really begun.
Serious XM radio hasn't released recent sales figures, but it's likely that liquid of new car subscriptions have decreased by at least 40% the last couple of months.
One advantage serious has is Howard Stern, but Stern is also a disadvantage because he gets paid $100 million a year.
As the series ship starts to sink and the board starts looking for cargo to throw overboard, Stern and his giant salary will be the first to go.
As the king of all media with a fiercely lower listening, Stern will probably go under the mainstream to mainstream the concept of subscription based podcasting.
Why? Because Stern is tired of being jerked around at first by the FCC, then by the old and busted radio industry, and now by the financially unsustainability of satellite radio.
A subscription podcast would finally put Stern in complete control of his show.
The ugly truth is that satellite is simply an obsolete weighted liver sound.
It's nothing more than an insanely expensive, limited proprietary content delivery system that increasingly competes head-to-head against the Internet itself.
The monopoly that provides satellite radio is billions in debt with no way to pay off that debt and looming recession characterized by dramatic slowdowns and consumer spending.
It's over. Satellite radio, he says, is dead. Dead.
The best talent. It's the mad dog.
Jam Manditch.
Jam Manditch.
Camperdune.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The Sports Leader.
You get a lot of beer.
The Rogers on the Sports Hole Radio.
WQAM.
Jennifer Anderson says Angelina Jill Lee was out of line when she shared details of her early relationship with Brad Pitt.
But, Jennifer's never really spoken out about this, but now some four years later, she is.
I thought it's such a idiots.
I mean, it isn't that just kick you in the crotch spit on your neck band past it.
Yeah, I guess that would be kind of embarrassed.
You know, that was four years ago.
That's not that big of a...
It's a big deal.
A human with a few guys since your breakup, right? How many do you think?
I've never counted.
And ballpark figure.
I would say maybe 150.
What's the say 200?
Whoa!
It is so much fun.
Yeah.
Fun and it's exciting.
You want to have fun during the commercial?
I'll be showing you my underwear.
1044 and I'm telling you, they're drilling up a storm.
I feel like I'm locked into a dentist's orifice.
Yeah.
You can't hear it?
No.
Yes.
Shut up there, you idiot!
Now, don't tell me they can't hear me.
Okay, if I can hear the drill, of course they got the drill right next to their head.
Hopefully they'll have an accident.
So, young, young, young says very little on that email, by the way.
And I noticed I checked out a couple of the deleted ones.
One was from Maxwell Tots.
You've been blocked, Maxwell.
I'm not reading your crap.
You're blocked.
So come up with some other phony nickname.
God, it's just...it's frightening as what it is, you know?
I never dreamed when I started the email thing that would be as disturbing as it is.
Disturbing.
Oh, I'm going to go listen to something else.
I'm going to go, yeah, no, you're not.
We only pray that some of those chronics would go away.
Well, you know what?
They never will.
Because like George says, crazy people are really dangerous.
Yep.
When you run into crazy people, run the other way.
Anyway, young, young, young says that orbit cast article you read said that
seriously is considering replacing bubble with either you or Henry.
Their source for that info was that loser Mr. Radio who emailed them that crap,
which he heard on your show, Mr. Radio.
Uh-huh.
See what I mean?
Yeah.
Oh, good.
Here's another poll suggestion.
I like this one from Unipart.
Thanks, Unipart.
I'm getting rid of that last Charlie B1.
I'm dumping it.
Sorry, Charlie.
Outlook, you've pressed there.
It is.
Poll suggestion.
Delete.
Here's one.
You see where we're giving city group a big lot of a few zillion dollars.
You had 20 million.
20 billion.
But yeah, but they aren't making clear is that we are also guaranteeing their bad loans.
They pay the first 29 billion of losses and we split the bounds of their losses.
90 to 10 with them.
Guess who's getting the 90% of lost losses?
These bastards are leaning us over to the washing machine and giving it to us without proper
lubrication.
This is Ron.
Sure, hope Obama has a clue and it's not crooked.
A crooked clue bigger like the current bastards.
Says Ron, who's obviously worked up way too much.
Here's a photo of somebody.
A photo.
Press release for immediate release.
Fort Worth photographers launched new studio specializing in glamour photography with exotic cars.
And here's a couple of people.
A guy in Chubby Guy with a beard and some chick.
She ain't too bad.
And that's it.
Why do I care about that?
Do you care about that?
No.
Why in the world?
Who's this from?
Josh Davis photography.
Get a life, Josh.
You want to buy advertising?
Send us some money.
Oh, hey, now here's a cute picture.
A little little dog.
A little bit like tiny.
Only brown with a cap on.
You don't have to read this on here.
I just want to you know my husband Greg in London.
What is it?
La Rita, Florida and I have been listening to you for a long time.
There's an attachment on this too and the attachment I'm sure is the same picture as the moment of the dog.
Oh, how many times have I said don't send me attachments.
Don't send me links.
How many million times have I said that?
These people are like little children.
Don't pick your nose.
Don't pick your ass out in public.
Don't pick your dingleberries like Moe.
That's what I was trying to think before.
Remember he was picking dingleberries.
Yeah, he was.
Yeah.
Right in front of everybody too.
That's the worst part.
Jesus, God Moe.
So Mr. Radio is spreading rumors and crap.
And the fake Tom Jicke and the fake this one and that one.
Crazy people.
Well, I'm telling you, I'm certainly there.
I should be in a good mood after the ball game.
But my life doesn't revolve around ball games.
I had a good week in it.
Woodbine.
I want a couple of bucks.
Tax free.
Anyway, here's what it says.
You don't have to read this on here.
I just wanted to know my husband Greg and Lou Reed are floored and I've been listening for a long time.
Now it seems that whenever we hear something on TV or radio or anywhere,
we have our habit of be calling something you said or a skit from your show and we both say it at the same time and laugh.
My daughter even listens to you and she's 24.
We've had many laughs from your show when you're on and even when you're not.
Thanks for the brainwashing.
This morning I was giving a dog medicine.
You were talking about Jimmy Cifilis and I said to my husband by accident,
Jimmy just had his medicine and we laughed like crazy.
Our dog's name is Stevie.
Well, thanks Karen.
Get a life.
I have no life.
How do you like that?
The dog's name is Stevie and they're referring to him as Jimmy Cifilis.
What a shot that is.
Am I the only person that heard?
I mean, I came in here to like I said, to send some stories to Eric and Curtis.
And I've never done it before.
I punched up just the cue button so I could hear the last minute and a half and you know,
see how the thing finally ended up.
It was already 41-20 when I came in here so the conclusion was for gone.
The game was finito.
And what I heard, it would make Dave and boring sound like Rumpel Stiltskin and Heat.
That's how coma inducing it was.
Comatose.
I don't expect you to get all excited when you lose in the game, but Jesus got all
of it.
Give it a little something, Jimmy, for crying out loud.
Give it a little something, something you right wing A hole.
You idiot.
You're fair.
Right.
The dog's up to 172 points, aren't you, Thrill?
Like you don't know.
And that drilling is going on and on.
And you know what?
I don't care.
You're not drilling at the drilling.
Does anybody else made any comment about our signal being real bad today?
Is that it?
Not to me, no.
Well, that's because nobody in that building listens to us anyway.
That's right.
We could be off there and it has happened.
We've been off the air for a period of a few minutes and nobody in their nose because they don't
listen to it.
Well, we don't listen to that damn faggot.
Plus they don't listen to the station anyway.
It's AM, you know.
People over there on the other side of the building at power.
Oh, what you people are only on AM.
We don't have, we don't speak to you.
You're on AM.
The fake Mahatma Gandhi says.
I'm listening to Friday's show and you mentioned that you no longer eat ice cream.
Did you hear that?
I've been eating ice cream.
I never did say that.
No.
I mean, lie a lot, but I sure wouldn't lie, but like I could lie like that.
I eat ice cream like it's glued to me.
Please suffer no more.
Get yourself some cinnamon powder, which can be used to lower blood sugar by mimicking insulin.
Take about 500 milligram.
The best method of administration is through the rectum, preferably with a cylindrical object.
They usually does it for me.
In fact, I'm having some administered right now.
Ooh, ah, it says from Mahatma Gandhi.
He had cinnamon stuck in his...
Rackum.
Maybe he did.
You think?
Mm-hmm.
That's what Sally Fitz would probably do if he knew with everything else.
Why not cinnamon?
Oh, Joe Dodgeola's got a long thing about Joey Porter, which fact Chris won't admit that Joey Porter is an A-hole.
His behavior is unacceptable.
Why is he an A-hole?
He just is.
He gets an unsportsman-like penalty, and then they call him off the field.
He won't leave the field.
He gets another penalty.
He's a loudmouth jackass, big mouth.
Oh, look at this.
Here's one that says, this is hysterical.
This is great.
Please stop playing the Eisner bits.
One, they're not interesting.
Two, they're not funny.
Three, they're too long.
Four, they cause major listener tune out.
Well, this must be one of those programming experts.
And five, listeners hate them.
If you don't think so, then you're in denial.
Also, the best thing is that the best thing is that we never have to listen to the following ever again.
Thank God.
The CREPitation Contest, the Bagpipe Instructions.
Bagpipe Instructions.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
That's one of the best bits in the world.
And the CREPitation Contest?
Well, playing bagpipes.
I'm not going to disagree with that one, although it's a nice holiday time killer.
I'll tell you what.
Court has said the signal sounds fine, Dan.
Well, who cares what he says?
Like, he would give us an honest answer.
He's probably getting paid across the street anyway.
He's sabotage.
I'm trying to think whether it was Saturday morning or yesterday morning.
He put the bedtime stories up so late that it's like putting the morning newspaper on your stupid midnight.
You know, it's just, he's a stoop.
Oh, here's another poll.
For which is the following product you insist on the name, brain, or never generic?
Oh, get out of here.
That's bad.
Paul's got one.
Why does a couple of things coming in?
Not a lot.
But you said you hit it on the nose before the show today.
You know, the election's over.
Yeah.
Thanks, given's on Thursday.
Not far from Christmas.
The wild chopping supposed to start on Friday.
But who the hell knows whether it will probably not.
It'll be wild, but not as wild as usual.
That I was up to 170 points, though.
That I was up to 7.0, 8318, man.
We're on the way back.
Big recovery coming.
Not.
The thing serious is still a buying opportunity.
Let's take a look at it.
We're up to 17 and back down to 16.
And now 16.
Hold on a steady.
Holding firm.
Joe Dodge-Ollis says regarding Joey Porter.
Joey is such a dumbass.
There's no way he sees the irony in the statements that the Patriots are a bunch of cheaters.
And that all their superbowl wins were tainted because of spy gate.
I guess he doesn't remember that the superbowl ring on.
His finger came as a result of the worst officiated game in Superbowl history,
where a Seattle God hose none.
I have it as a cause.
Not 50-50 calls, mind you, because which weren't even close.
But that's okay.
I guess because it benefited him.
Especially since nothing in that game.
He didn't do anything in that game.
Nothing since.
He says he hates New England and Bellucherry, but he goes to bed at night playing with all of these.
I'm not reading that.
Some of you people are just so out of control today.
Just over the edge, out of control.
For all the dolphin fans, I want to know why everybody hates them.
So much stick to this.
Joey Porter isn't even the biggest anal orifice in team history.
He's still way, way behind Brian Conch-Sam.
He Smith, Mark Clayton, Nerving Spikes, Cecil Collins, Lawrence Phillips, Dan Moreno.
I've met him and he's a royal jerk.
And I'm glad his reputation worsens and his legacy of the mission is diminishing with each passing year.
He says there are many, many more.
Pick it on Danny Boy.
Oh my God.
Joe Rose is going to commit Harry Carey.
This is why when NFL fans are pulled out here and asked to name their least favorite team outside of their own
Divisional or Geographical rivals, the dolphins win hands down going away, which is the only thing dolphins can win nowadays,
because they sure as hell can't win a game without resuring to playground tricks.
Yeah, that worked really well yesterday.
It was playground calls, didn't it?
Chris?
They worked great.
The problem was the defense couldn't start.
You could have scored a touchdown yesterday.
Yeah.
Are you trying to say the defense sucked?
Yes, the defense sucked.
Yes, the dunk.
When the score became 31, 21, I said this game's over because they made Matt Castle look like a combination of Johnny and I.
His Joe Namath and Otto Graham.
Hey, you had 400 yards last week, too.
Well, that's right.
That's because he's great and he is beautiful, man.
He is just gorgeous.
Hey, Matt.
He goes to show you just because somebody looks pretty.
Don't mean they have to play like crap.
And by the way, speaking of Brady Quinn, let me tell you this, the combination quarterback I just talked about.
He could be the quarterback for the Browns and still couldn't win a game.
They are the worst coach, the worst defensive team.
They just suck.
Did you see any of that came yesterday?
No.
Oh, my God.
Are they pathetic?
And at Romeo Crenel, whatever the hell is name is, that big fat goofball.
I mean, he, echmera coach, that's my comment for him.
Well, he's gone after his ears, though.
Holy cow, does he suck?
Getting away from football for a second, I read a book recommendation says Joe and I, Jola.
Double crossed the explosive inside story of the mobster who controlled America.
I picked up this book at the library last week and jodiver much.
It's about Sam G. and Con on the Chicago mob, which in some ways puts the New York mob to shame.
Fascinating read authored by G. and Con's brother and nephew came out in the early 90s.
Maybe you've already read it. No, I have not.
Have a great week.
Joe Dodg-Jola, who's no longer saying get a check because I'm too busy caching them myself, says Joe Dodg-Jola.
Paul, long time listener from Clearwater, says online.
This morning, I went to your website to start the online in the player and found a religious banner at the top of the listen page.
It's an ad for a so-and-so. I know your stance on religion in general.
Who host your site is this a joke? I thought it was funny enough to bring up.
Oh my god.
Why is he picking on poor Eric?
I don't know, something to do.
Hey, Paul, get a life, Paul.
Leave Eric alone.
The best talent.
Your first new Roger.
Your 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
My Miami for Lutterdale.
This is the Neoroncher Show.
This is your brain.
You're fairly questions.
Don't let me tell you.
Don't bother me while I'm in here.
I'm sorry.
Hello?
It's Mickey Mouse.
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning. How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing, sir.
You're freaking telling me.
No, I'm not.
I got David Kelly calling me every 3 minutes.
Why did we move the practice?
Sir, you told me to move the practice.
I didn't tell you.
You must have misunderstood me.
No, sir.
You said move the practice to Monday.
Hey, hey, listen, butt wipe.
I'm the boss.
I make the decisions.
You take the heat.
Right.
You all move the practice.
Okay.
How are we going with it anyway?
I am mad.
Hold on.
Remus.
Yeah, boss.
Shot the hell up.
I'm on the phone, Remus.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
What was your question?
I'm killing you.
I'm going crazy over here.
Between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson calling me every 3 minutes, I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Remus.
Get here, you boss.
Stop it, Remus.
I'm going to fall, boss.
Stop, stop the floor, Remus.
Remus.
It's like this in my hand, Remus.
That's your beat, it's boss.
My other hand, Remus.
That's the phone, boss.
Right.
I can't hear anything, Remus.
It's time to stop playing the floor.
Sorry.
Hi, sir.
The moves are working out very well.
The practice is forth and it's time swat and...
What the heck?
It's time swat!
I'm crazy.
Are we even beating the WB?
Barely.
Oh my God.
Michael Jackson thing was a rating success.
Of course.
Hold on a second.
Remus.
It's impossible.
What the hell are you doing with a harmonica ring?
It's a little slow, boy.
Don't play, Remus.
I'll jam that thing down your throat.
And get that blue bird away from me.
Come on, Bluebird.
I'm allergic.
I, sir.
Sir, over 25 million people, sir.
Shut up, Eisner.
Listen.
Yeah.
You see me?
What I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone.
I know I'm on the phone.
Do you see what I'm doing?
You're an imagination for crying out loud.
I'm moving my hands up and down.
Slide to side.
I'm the puppet, master.
I said you do it.
Now Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview.
But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him look like a tree.
Puppet master.
Me.
Idiot.
Oh.
Revenge.
Yes, yes, yes.
What the hell are you doing now?
It's in the floor, though.
It's nothing wrong with the floor, Remus.
What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss.
My other ear, Remus.
That's the phone, boss.
That's the phone, Remus.
Get out.
Get over the word.
Get out.
Eisner.
Yes, sir.
Killin' me.
Killin' me.
I'm sorry, sir.
Killin' me.
Sorry.
Killin' me softly.
So speaking of puppets, guess what movie was on yesterday?
Which, you know, I love that movie.
Very corny, huh?
Pin.
No, the attack of the puppet people.
There's a movie called The Attack of the Puppet People.
You never saw that where the crazy guy he has the machine that makes these people, he traps these people and puts them in the machine.
And they're like midgeics, you know, like real tiny people.
No.
You never saw that?
Maybe.
Is it black and white?
Yeah.
Maybe.
Ancient.
Then the run-on and like chasing after them and they go into the cardboard box, you know, and hide.
That sounds vaguely familiar.
I'm gonna look it up.
Jim and Getsville knew you're a chronic.
Says Neil, that book, I read that book, it's great.
Give it a look.
The shooter from the grassy and old's even name, if you believe everything you read.
The book that the guy was peddling a minute ago, which I probably shmit-canned it.
Too bad.
Do I have it?
No.
I'll maybe he'll send it again.
Or not.
Meanwhile, Rob, Chronic Rob, all we get here from are the Chronics.
Nobody else has got nothing.
The Chronics.
Rob, you're...
I blocked Rob and he's still back there again.
How is that possible?
Can you tell me that?
No.
Technical wizard?
He changed it.
I'm gonna leave the elevator for a minute.
Let me look at my deleted items here a minute.
DC...
Where the hell is it?
Here it is.
DCCRFM.
And aawl.com.
Yeah, I had blocked him already and he showed up on here again.
Damn it.
You're a chronic man.
You're chronic.
All the way.
Says the Isonabits are the best.
I didn't use the sent the emails as a D bag.
As a douche, you should play him over and over again.
Thanks, Rob.
You're the best.
Chronic.
The Dous Up almost 300 points.
Aren't you thrilled it's a real selling opportunity.
Here's one that says, rest assured that we're listening for it,
but we can't detect any noise.
Love your show as always.
Vote for tapes.
Not George, Nick and Marty.
There's a shot at George.
Yeah.
They're nasty today, man.
Whatever.
I know you lose his lost a football game yesterday,
but is that what life is all about?
I mean, my team won a football game yesterday.
I got wrenching, heart pounding,
penis throbbing game,
and you people are like,
I'm not all excited about it.
It's over.
I'm glad they won, but that's that.
It figures that George,
here's this Tsasar puts again.
I figures George would think the bagpipe bit is the greatest.
I'm sure it reminds me of his days in the sling
and either Krobaugh or Anvil.
Nasty today, hostile.
I don't know.
I haven't heard of those places.
Neither did I.
Obviously this guy did.
Mm-hmm.
This pervert.
I love the bagpipe.
Yeah.
Playing bagpipe.
It's a great fit.
It's one of the all-time best.
In addition to which I don't need any advice on which bits,
which bits to play, which ones don't to play.
I'll play whatever the hell I want to play.
How do you like that?
That we can still play, which is about 10 of them, you know?
Cut.
Nasty and Sauer and Rotten just to the core.
Now up to 89, of course, they have 20 billion to a city bank.
Very challenging times.
Now one employee who entered the bank early this morning said to us,
we're going to make lots of money.
Once the economy stabilizes here and overseas.
He said that's what the chief executive officer has been telling employees inside of us.
And so we're going to make sure that they're going to be able to get the money out of the bank.
And indeed, bankers believe here at City Group that they are well positioned in spite of the huge losses that they have.
They're going to make lots of money, baby.
Just like George and Chris, they're going to make lots of money.
Big bucks, that's right.
Just not at this place.
Maybe if they rob a bank.
You wonder why people rob banks?
I don't wonder.
Because they need money.
Well, some of them get tired of working for peanuts and being treated like crap.
Even when you work for big money and you get treated like crap,
no good. You still want to rob a bank and say, screw you people.
Screw you, jolly Joe.
Now the fake time jick who I'm sure must be Mr. Radio.
No, no question.
Nobody is this chronic.
Subject rumor mongering.
Bubba adds four new markets.
Status it serious remains unknown.
As if.
This is big news.
What did I tell you now that the election's over?
There's nothing going on.
Following last week's rumor mongering,
which this idiot Mr. Radio started most of it, by the way,
official word has come out that Bubba loves Bunge.
We'll soon be heard on four more radio stations covering Miami Orlando for Myers and Richmond, Virginia.
Bubba status at Sirius XM was not addressed.
Wasn't addressed and I'd returned to sender man.
Send it back.
Cox radio stations W.H.D.R. Miami 93 Rock, W.H.T.Q. and Orlando 96.5 and W.D.Y.L. and Richmond,
along with easily broadcast group station W.R.X.K. and Fort Myers,
96.K. Rock.
We'll start during the Bubba loves fun show January 5th, 2009.
How do you like that?
The Beasley station in Fort Myers, K. Rock.
Now, wouldn't you think that somebody inside our building knows all this deal about Bubba loves fun?
But while we were getting old, yes they do.
Yes they do.
I don't know.
Jolly Jobel.
No?
No?
Why not?
Why?
Why?
I asked you for...
Because it's in the family, that's why.
Well maybe he does.
Maybe I do.
The A Show is broadcast live 6 to 10 a.m. from Bubba's own custom multimedia studio in Tampa.
Because the Bubba loves fun show is now available for syndication is Agent Thomas J. Bean.
Oh it's not Norma Cant?
Oh.
It's currently talking with additional interested radio stations and additional markets.
Subsequently we'll be announced.
Well good luck to you Bubba.
I never heard his show.
So I have no idea whether he's great, whether he's mediocre, whether he's indifferent, whether he's in between.
I don't know and quite frankly I don't care.
I'm all for the town.
I hope he makes a trillion dollars.
I'm all for the town because management blows.
And because management doesn't care about people.
They don't care about your life or my life or in fact Chris's life.
All they care about is the bottom line and sucking up to a ownership.
That's all they care about.
It's making themselves heroes.
That's why Jolly Jobel is cutting everybody's salary by 90%.
So we can show the beesleys what a big superstar he is.
How he can operate on a shoestring and number two.
So he can shove half of it in his own pocket.
Grave robber butcher and murderer lunatic.
That's what that man is.
That's why he wouldn't tell us if he knew if he knew the world was going to end on Friday.
He wouldn't tell us.
He's not your friend.
I'll say that right now.
I know you think he's your good friend.
My best friend.
Just like courtist that goes and has all these meals with Jolly Jobel and sucks around.
Look, look what it got him.
Look what it did for him.
He still comes running around here begging for a grand every couple of months.
Oh, please send me a check.
Please.
You mark my awards, man.
The day has come.
In fact, maybe when January 1st comes, there will be some kind of a change.
Maybe you'll be doing the show.
Maybe I'll be calling in sick every day for a few months.
I hope not.
Why not?
Slacker, my ass.
Yeah, that he don't come any slacker.
582 votes on this.
Very, and Charlie bees last pool for a while.
Give it a rest, Charlie.
Thank God that somebody sent me this other one for tomorrow.
If you were Neil and had his money, which the very premise of that is just so condescending to everybody else.
Oh, well, Neil's God on the big box.
You all use shleppers out there.
Charlie, you're a suckhole, man.
I can't handle suckholes.
God.
What past time would pursuit other than slots?
Would you splurge it on?
Travel to exotic locations.
194 hookers, 74 sugar daddy, some hot young thing, 66.
I'd stuff it all under my mattress, 45.
I'd stick it all in the bank, 26.
A big new house, a condo, 24 real estate, 18 electronics and gadgets, 18.
My friends, 17.
My friends, and exotic car, 15 strippers, 13.
I thought we already had hookers on here.
What could our strippers have been not going to put out?
Right.
Investments 12, a yacht 11, drugs 10, charity 9, a private jet 8, and then it goes on.
There's just too many things on here.
590 votes.
And Charlie B's anxious pull.
Sorry, Charlie.
Biggest thing.
Loads.
You don't have no projects.
420-560 QAM.
Big fourth leader.
Neil God.
I think you do this.
I got...
Momo, you there.
Momo says, how did you again?
Now, what do you want?
I need more direction.
Okay, spell it, I'm not...
I'm looking for Dr. Slineborg's voice therapy center.
No problem.
Momo says, what you do here is you're pulling to a gas station, see?
And ask the dot head for direction.
That's what I want you for.
All right, I'll write that skimmy sponge, and...
That's it.
I'm returning you to psychic city.
Yeah, I mean, they're good luck to you.
But I'm lost.
What else is new?
Hey, are you going to help me a kid cracking wine?
All right, make a left.
Right.
Oh, I said left.
Right.
I'm on my own.
I said, what?
What?
What?
What?
All right, then go straight.
If you can.
You know your door is a jar.
It's not a jar.
It's a door.
Now see, here's poor old friend.
Momo says, I don't care if they're smeared on road with brains out.
Hey, that guy here needs an old lady.
Yeah, oh, oh, man.
He's playing chicken.
Now, no back down.
See?
Show him getting ill.
Who is that guy?
Kov'n'Akyo.
It looks like a juxtaposed.
Kov'n'Akyo.
Yeah, he's coming right out.
Yeah, they're right.
But never mind that.
You keep going and try it like a man.
Kov'n'Akyo.
Kov'n'Akyo.
Kov'n'Akyo.
Damn it.
Damn it.
Damn it.
11-18 at 5.60 WQM.
Happy Monday to avoid.
They're all in morning today, man.
We lost the keens.
We lost the fish.
We lost our ass.
Wow.
Maybe they lost the casino over the weekend, too.
They're pretty sour.
And they hate you like poison today.
Gee.
That boy, your life is real turned to crap up there in Canada.
The only going in the studio to listen to the dolphin game.
Yeah.
Yeah, I sat here the entire afternoon listening to the game.
You idiots.
604 votes.
In fact, Chris's poll.
He's pretty pumped about that.
And nothing on the Outlook Express zero.
Neil at Nearodgers.com.
That's sad.
Is that pathetic or what?
Nothing.
Zippo.
Zippo.
He do does.
And of course, what we did get on there, most of it, I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Himmler.
Am I right?
Right.
Was there anything amusing or interesting or constructive or a...
Oh, don't be playing this.
And don't be playing that.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
And then of course, the fake Tom Jicke, who's obviously Mr. Radio.
And that is the same Mr. Radio by the way.
He's a real A-hole, huh?
Faithful whoever is, I'm sure, the same guy.
One, you think it's one person that's working the fake Tom Jicke?
I think it's the real Johnny dark.
Oh yeah.
It is.
He insisted it is.
He's the A-hole.
That's gonna be it.
Yeah.
I bet it's the real Dan from Maryland, not.
And the real Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y.
Italy's Prime Minister Sylvia Brullesconi brushed aside international outrage from earlier
this month yesterday to make reference once again to US President-elect Barack Obama's
son-tan.
Speaking of A-holes, is this Brullesconi?
Not just a crook, but an A-hole.
He told Asa News Agency his initial mark was intended as a compliment adding that he's equally
envious of black supermodel Naomi Campbell.
I complimented Barack as a little envious at Brullesconi, who had what he described as a long
cordial telephone conversation with the new occupant of the White House instigated by
Obama on November 7th.
We would all like to be tanned like Naomi Campbell and Obama, said the self-made billionaire,
who sports a permanent tan during a press conference in Prescada, Italy.
Italian-born French First Lady Carla Bouni Sarcosi was so outraged at Brullesconi's initial
comment about Obama being young, handsome, and even tanned, she said she was happy to
become French.
How do you like that?
She said, Khobman Dreard and Kushmar and Tuchas is what she said in French.
That's right, how's Bubba doing, by the way?
Oh, here's a good one.
This is long, too.
This will kill her.
And by the way, the one thing about the Eisner-Mikki-Bits, they are long, and that's why
they're good.
Ask George, he'll tell you.
He knows Dr. Rouseynt is on Friday.
Neil, I hope you're feeling better.
Well, I was here on Friday.
Schmuck.
Could you thank George for his advice on giving my lunch a break from the pot smoke?
Even weed is not going to be great for the lungs.
It will allow his baddest cigarettes.
Did you give him advice?
I did.
I got a coffee mill to grind some of my best stuff into dust.
I will saute it in butter before using it in a cookie recipe.
The problem though is that as good as the buzz is, it's hard to regulate the strength.
It's easy to smoke more, but if you eat too much, it's too late.
Dr. Ad, you're chronic.
You need a life.
You need a life, baby.
I remember years ago, my buddies and I put it in a milkshake, but we used too much.
I was so high, I had trouble just sitting home watching TV.
But one of my friends went to driving school like that and another had to go to umpire
a little league game.
How they managed that.
I have no idea.
Thanks again, George.
Your loyal pod had exploding hemorrhoids suffering.
Kiss up, listen to Dr. Ad.
You.
Yeah.
Pod had exploding hemorrhoids.
So this is the one whose hemorrhoid exploded and bled all over the place.
Don't you remember that?
I do know that bloody mess.
Oh my god.
Now this one is long.
I think I got time before the break from Terry subject, the contempt of WQM management.
This one is great.
It's not good.
It's great.
It's chopped off on the right, though.
Oh well.
One of these days somebody will tell me how to end.
And you know, all these suggestions I had, I think you were out sick that day.
Uh huh.
Remember that, that Chris?
Yes.
All the suggestions, how to get the thing to print out and not chop off there.
I tried every one of them.
They're all full of crap.
Then do it.
Didn't change anything.
Hello, Neil.
I've been listening since about 1990 while your show is slowly transformed over time.
One of the elements that's remained consistent has been you ripping station management.
I can only come up with a handful of names of managers and salespeople who've been the
topic of ridicule over the years.
And I have no idea how to spell most of them.
There was Mike Disney would probably give his opinion.
Pete Bolger, the radio assassin, Tom Denenberg, the world's biggest a-hole, Bob Green, who
tripped Hank down the stairs.
Your dealings with these people has long been entertaining fodder for your program, for
your fodder, for your fodder.
And the interviews you've acknowledged that while you play up these encounters for radio
consumption, there's always an element of truth to them.
Not only are these to respond, either part of the window of the interworking of the radio
business to which you treat your audience.
You have to treat and there's no extra charge.
Since you arrived a year ago at WQM, that element truth has been increasingly become increasingly
painful.
There was no surprise that you'd start ripping Greg Reed, SCRUAN and other personnel.
Given the stations over the top sports obsession, they were all easy targets.
However, this jock-huffing mentality also made you show in your own words a stepchild.
It wasn't too bad during the several years, the first several years of Greg Reed's reign.
There was a little crossover between you, Hank and Mandage.
A promotion to promote occasional acknowledge your existence as demonstrated by your continued
Vest of CDs, including the memorable Suncentle ad, where you dressed up as the Pope, pissing
off all the right people.
As time went by, this limited support that you've evolved into indifference and finally,
seemingly seeming contempt.
No, you're wrong about the seeming part, okay, Terry?
Not seeming.
It devolved into indifference and contempt.
Seathing contempt.
Seathing contempt.
That was up 301.
You've always had to pay for all the sins of management's stupidity.
One of the first sure signs that WIOD days were over was the frequent preempting your show
from Arlen's baseball.
I'm sure you enjoyed getting out early as anyone would, but it was instant two-not for
most of your audience.
What station manager were the half of brain preempts as highest rated show for one with a limited
audience.
I guess the answer is one who truly thinks that only sports matters as demonstrated by
the current interruption of Hurricane's football.
Since manage has been moved on later in the afternoon and Goldberg's been blown out,
your show has become even more isolated.
Ironically, the only significant link you've had with any other part of the station was
your hostile relationship with Mohawar Davida did it.
Finally, in the aftermath of the Scott Ferella and Howard Sternfiasco's, your show became
the target of the most ridiculous censorship ever.
Now that Charlie Jo and Joyce are running the show, it's readily apparent to even the
casual listener that management has no respect for your show or for your audience.
The best of CDs are long gone, promotion of your show is practically non-existent.
A quick look at the WQM website shows only a little blurb about the needle deals and only
is the seaming afterthought, usually by the way blocked by the air conditioning ad.
That thing has gotten so big, it's as big as Uranus now, that if you check that out
over the weekend.
Nope.
Now, gigantic, it's huge, it's as big as fat crasses, a criss-as-as.
Worst of all is the content that's been tripped from your show to the censorship.
In the post-gantage action age, some of this is understandable on your management's behalf,
but not most of it.
The most incredible thing that you can't even play fart noises anymore, true, there's
much more to life than listening to fart noises on the radio, but you have long used sound
effects to effectively punctuate your comments and those sounds were an effective tool that
adds spice to your show.
The fact that those sounds can be heard everywhere else, including children's programming,
demonstrates that much of your restrictions come not from legal concerns, but from spite.
That's the word, he's got it man, spite.
That's what this radio station is all about, radio spite.
Your relationship with the station seems much like an enabling relative with a drug addict.
Your ratings allow the rest of the station to continue with their sports crack addiction
and they give you crack and return, I guess the check helps.
And the check is what it's all about.
And even starting in January, even that check will help, even that measly, beasley check.
In the end, I suppose I should be grateful your station made it possible for me and the
rest of your audience to listen to your show, including George for another five years.
It's just a shame that it has to be broadcast for much a restrictive, sports-hole wasteland
and science.
Nice going to see.
Amen.
The biggest name.
The best.
Hallelujah.
This is your last test.
4.560 QAM.
That's the worst.
All right.
The fourth free radio is what the newsboard is.
You're fairies.
I'm not.
What you want.
I got it.
Sometimes my name.
So you can spend it.
No.
Check your mail for a little rebate.
A wedding gift.
Oh, spend all of it.
Hey, people.
And I'm.
And I'm.
Phone.
Spend all of it.
Buy two.
Spend all of it.
Take what?
This recession.
No.
Don't worry about it, honey.
No.
I'm giving you.
No.
Some spending money.
No.
All I want you to do for me is to spend every last down of it.
Yeah, people.
Of age, shopping, spray.
Spend some.
Taco Bell, water and dryer.
And all of it.
R-E-B-A-T-E.
Pump up this economy.
R-E-B-A-T-E.
Go buy plasma TV.
Oh.
A little rebate.
Yeah, people.
Don't get tired.
Don't get tired.
Don't get tired.
Keep on buying.
Just don't put it in the bank.
Don't get tired.
Keep on buying.
Spend all of it.
R-E-B-A-T-E.
R-E-B-A-T-E.
27 till new.
5.60.
I'm going to change in the poll.
Okay.
I just sent Eric and Inder and poll.
First of all, I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I'm talking about them.
He's bizarre.
He wants to wear your skin.
Well, screw them.
I think that's pretty.
Not me.
No
okay.
Here's the interim poll.
I just emailed it along.
I just base-actively got two strawberries.
Eric.
That was the third heartedhaul.
Oh, Hey, look at this.
Jorge says but it's a huge fan of uni around you.
He mentions you all the time
is one of the best new business.
It'll be great to hear him, Mancumae.
Love you, Anel Jorge.
Well that's great!
Just like Jim Phillips in Orlando, always talking about Neil. Oh, Neil, great. And just like those guys in Palm Beach. Who cares? Who cares?
Jesus God. All the ass sucking all the, oh, you're so wonderful, Neil. You're so great. Oh, because he, because he, like that. You know, that is so freaking boring. Oh,
Bubbles a big fan here is well good. Good for him. I'm not a fan of his because I never heard the show. I'm only a fan of his because he's in the business. And anybody that any of the talent of the business, even the bad ones deserve to squeeze as much money as they can out of these great routing bastards. Okay, here's the interim poll. Okay. Just to prove my point. Cut in the reason I'm doing this. Here's another one from kiss. It's as I agree with the previous email or the ice and Mickey bits also turn me off. How do you like that? They're great. No, no kick they got today.
Because their teen lost a game. I'm sure yesterday all the send around a new kick today. So here's the new pool. What's your take on the Mickey Eisner bits? I love them. They're okay. I hate them or WTF. Doesn't that cover all the ground sounds right to me. I love them. They're okay. I hate them WTF on the Mickey Eisner bits. Eric, I'm sure we'll get that up momentarily because I just faxed it to him. He's in his in his little window. Is he? Yes. Because that would be really bad if Eric were like out of the parliament house, screwing around or something today.
That would be really, really bad. They hate to Mickey Eisner bits. You know, the interesting part of it is there's a long period of time when there weren't any new ones coming in. They weren't making any new ones. Oh, when we're going to hear some more Mickey and I. Is it remember that all the time all the time? That we get no Mickey and I. We hate those. They're too long and their potter is on. I think they're funny. I think they're just fine. But everywhere I go, people love them.
Yeah. Well, we'll find out. We're gonna get that new poll up there. You'll see. Eric will have it on there in four shakes of a lamb's tail. Let's see. Pull switch. There. No, he's got the one. Oh. See, I sent him the one for tomorrow. And he's already got that one up there. So I guess I've complicated. I'm sorry, Eric. You know what I mean? Yeah. So how are we going to do this? Well, wait. He'll get it switched to get it squared away. He'll reswitch it. What does that mean? Squared away. It's not. You know, I mean. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It
was not. It's not. It was not. It was not. It was not. It was not. It was not. It was not. But it was not. It was not. You had to. Your own. You had to be joining us. Proud. Proud. Proud. You had to be on your way. None of this expression. Squared away. You old timers with all these Sayons. You're supposed to. Oh, yeah, we invented all the. Yeah. Right. Long before I was ever born. Oh, here's one. This is a kind of. I finally saw what Chris looks like I saw him in Georgia the new gay bar for skins in North Miami off. I very road. George looked ridiculous and leather. Chaps and Chris was just bulging out of his other vest.
I snapped a photo with my cell phone.
Hopefully you'll post it on theorages.com.
Yeah, let's see the photo.
Send it along, Grubertoche,
or whatever your name is.
Yeah, Gruber, rhymes with Bubba.
Grubertoche.
Mr. Radio says, subject, fake Tom Jicca.
I'm not the fake Tom Jicca.
Who cares about Bubba to love Spongebob
except for the Yahoo's in Tampa?
Leave me alone.
I'm still looking my wounds from the performance
of the Keynes and Doffins this weekend.
We all know you aren't going to serious
unless you wanted to work pro bono.
We're stuck with WQM for the next five years.
Says Mr. Radio,
an annoying chronic compulsive groupie.
Oh, the radio groupies line him up.
Speaking of that, here's Tim,
who claims to be a groupie.
Says it's been a long time.
Oh, Tim Pots.
Remember him?
Yep.
Long time since I bother you, thank God.
No wonder I've been feeling so good.
I've been too busy at work to listen
for the last four years, but I've been trying
to listen for the last few days.
I've missed the voice of reason.
The man who called it, oh, the Michael more of the airwaves.
Oh, and he goes on about Michael more or so great.
And you know, you're chronic Tim.
Go away.
Go away, Tim.
Not not one of these days.
Go away now.
Go away soon.
Well, I got some long ones here too.
Some leftovers from last week.
Serious is still 16 cents, by the way.
Ooh, bye.
Oh, yeah, I got a whole bunch of stuff from last week.
And that being because I was out sick on Thursday.
And of course this week, Thursday, we got Thanksgiving.
And I won't be here on Friday either.
Did you tell him that yet?
I sent off a mass email.
Yeah.
Well, why not?
Because I don't, I got stuff to do.
You don't want it.
That's right.
I don't want it.
The thousand of 306 point.
308.
The fake Rick Riley says twice in two days seems like old times.
Well, with the markets in the toilet,
I find myself needing a hobby.
I just can't bang my drum all day.
Don't get me wrong.
Furrets are great, but I need some outside contact.
And your show provides me valuable conduit to the real world.
Remember the almond baskets in the Brossery Max?
Good times.
Who says you can't live in the past?
Ciao, Rick Riley.
I don't remember the almond baskets from the Brossery Max.
Do you?
Yep.
You do?
Yep.
Well, how did you get that?
Did they bring food in?
They brought stuff in every once in a while.
And I would hop it up, of course.
Like I said, the Matt Castle after the game yesterday,
it's good to task it.
I'd sure love to squeeze your basket.
I don't, I don't think I ever got,
I know that was one of their long time sponsors.
Are they still in business Brossery Max?
Do we know?
I don't know.
Maybe we ought to look them up.
You know, we ought to look somebody up,
because we should make out no spots on this show.
I'll tell you that nothing zero, zip, but he do, duh.
Zip it in.
It goes to show you that when they don't even mention
your name in the sales meetings or the promotions meetings,
that somebody ought to be suing their ass starting in January.
We'll see, we'll see how things go in January.
Because if I sit down on a Monday morning in January,
and I look at a program log like this,
somebody's going to get really pissed off,
and you know who that's going to be?
Me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, what kind of an operation is when
you're a highest rated show, nobody is allowed in the sales
meeting or promotion meeting to mention the show.
Me, you, fat Chris, anybody that even like Rob's elbow.
And of course, there is our good friend,
the promotion director, Flea.
He's our good, he's our friend.
I'm your friend.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Joe Bell's friend.
And the fact that he's Joe Bell's friend,
that tells me all I need to know.
Here's one from Joe and Crow Springs.
I went to Alby in college in 62 and 63.
They are the Britons, Purple and Gold.
I remember WALM and WIVM in Jackson.
They and the great wind shulers in Marshall.
How about some bar cheese and old Lister Joe and Crow Springs?
Thank you, Joe.
Alby in college.
I broadcast their basketball and football games on WALM.
Alby in Michigan.
And I told you the story, Derwood Carn,
a big fat program director, the old guy.
Yeah.
We used to do the news at noon and one day he came running down.
He was up taking a dump and he heard the sounder,
the opener for the news, he came waddling down.
His down was broke, his neck almost fell and with his pulling
his pants up.
Derwood Carn, old balding guy, nice guy.
Great deep voice.
I'm Derwood Carn.
But you know something when you see I was starting out
in the business 1965 and Alby in Michigan.
But when you're in the late stages of your business,
of your career and you're working in Alby in Michigan,
something didn't go right.
Do you know what I mean?
You took a ride and she ran somewhere.
It's no project.
WALM Alby in Michigan.
The fourth league.
I'm Chris Matthews.
Welcome to Hyde Ball on Mace MBC.
I get so much fiddle around my food.
Oh, I could water the grass quite possibly.
From all those years of working for tip on nail.
Crazy.
The other possible reason why it's alive.
It glends are all out of whack.
May possibly be because I drink scats from a dog's bowl.
Traveling from too many years of working for tip on nail.
Big toe that wasn't good enough smart enough.
It's not good enough.
Plus I got deal with it like Bill O'Rideley
taking shots of me every night.
I probably wouldn't world's greatest minds.
You know, I might wear an snee-shield.
The reason I know that people finish their answers
because I can't hear what they're saying.
My ears are not even hooked up.
The constant swishing of saliva in my mouth sounds like the ocean.
The only time I truly feel comfortable is when we take hard
while out on the road on Mace MBC.
That way I can try to convince co-edges to come back to my hotel room.
That is before I realize in order to kiss me and get close to my mouth.
They have to be wearing a mask and a snuggle.
Many people don't realize John McKay suffered from the sameality.
But the 80 saliva glands burned closed.
The environment didn't.
Just one of the many varied and stunning differences we like to point out here at MSMBC.
Here's one more important fact you should realize before you go to the feldig booth.
They have different hair color.
I'm Chris Matthews, play high par on MSMBC.
Okay, 11.46.14 to noon at QAM now.
I just got an email about the Mickey Betz, how do you like that?
Before we pull the new poll is up by the way the interim poll.
So far they love them.
I've never heard anybody had dissed the Mickey Betz before.
Have you ever?
No.
Oh, they're too long and they're ponderous and I'm offended by them.
Yeah, right.
Get a friggin life.
Probably Joe Bell's sending it in, you know.
Here's one from Azzel.
What kind of a name is that?
I don't know.
It says today's the first time I ever sat down.
I wasn't here to share another amount of work.
I have plenty of time in the mornings.
So today was also the first time I heard the Eisner Mickey Betz
and nearly fell out of my chair laughing at the one you played.
I honestly can't wait to hear more of them.
The only people who might be upset at your parody of Disney are those who grew up with Mickey and company before they became the trillion dollar company they are now.
And actually no remixes in the background and the blue birds actually are.
What?
Kids and young adults that today really know of such characters from the early Disney days.
And think cartoons with big anime eyeballs and animals throwing lightning are the cats hind end of the entertainment world.
You can say ass on the show.
I have no idea what his letter is supposed to mean other than to show my support in the German of your Disney parodies.
Thank you, says Azzel.
Oh, thanks, Azzel.
Let's take a look at how Mickey is sparing at Eisner on the poll.
28 votes on the new poll.
It's up there.
Like I said, 35 votes.
What's your take on the Mickey Eisner Betz?
I love them.
23.
They're OK 5.
I hate them 4 and WTF 3.
62 thirds love him.
Here's an email about it.
From Leset.
She says, hey, no, please keep playing the Mickey Eisner Betz.
They're the funniest thing I've ever heard.
They make me laugh out loud, especially when Mickey is laughing at the end.
By the way, McCain's and Dolphins fan upset by both of performances.
Our defense couldn't stop the Pats, which is why we lost.
When we play like crap, we aren't going to win.
Well, maybe your team is really crap.
Maybe that 6 and 4 was a fantasy, you know?
The fact that they just squeaked by Oakland.
I see Oakland beat Denver yesterday.
What did I tell you about Denver?
Chris.
Bad team.
Bad.
Oh, there are so many bad teams in this NFL.
Bad teams.
Really, really bad.
How about the Lions?
They jumped out to a 17-nothing lead against Tampa.
And Tampa scored like 38 points in a row.
The Lions, Detroit.
They suck.
Yeah, I thought that might've actually gotten their first win yesterday.
But no.
Congrats to you in the passes they played to win.
Oh, yeah, I totally agree with you.
That castle is hot.
What's not to agree, Leset?
He's so hot if you touch him, your finger would burn off.
And I'd like to be able to shot.
I couldn't keep my eyes off him during the game.
I think that Deerdorf has a bigger crush on castle than you do,
because he didn't stop praising him the whole game.
I still think Tom Brady is hotter than castle.
No chance.
Keep up the great work.
Have a great Thanksgiving and you too, Leset.
I know if we could put Tom Brady's head on Matt Castle's body,
then you got something.
Wow.
Then you got something.
You know what you got?
Did you still not watch that movie?
I keep training to send it to you.
Which one?
The thing with two heads.
Ray Meland and Rosie Greer.
The thing with two heads.
Yeah.
You told me that you might have seen it.
I thought we were talking about the magic one.
No, no, that's the other one.
No, I still haven't seen the thing with two heads.
You haven't seen the magic one?
I have seen the magic one.
The puppet master.
The puppet master.
The puppet, the puppet, the puppet, the puppet, the puppet.
The purple, the puppet, the puppet.
The ship, whooly.
I don't want to get that guy upset now with too much Mickey Mouse.
You know, that's right.
Me, me.
Probably Wayne said that email.
J. Font, correction for all this is a fan.
Remember a fan?
Oh, yeah.
At the risk of being able to chronic,
I emailed you back to clear a few things before you go in
when your minions never come back on the ear.
I'm not who you think.
I live in Miami.
I'm taking my lunch and I'll be hitting back out and out
to fix more phone lines.
You probably don't remember this but back in the day I gave you a
font a CLS cigar from my dad for my dad's factory.
Too bad you don't smoke cigars anymore.
That was a good thing I don't smoke cigars anymore because
otherwise I'd be dead.
Anyways, I'm a middle-aged guy who works for the phone company.
He's just trying to get by into the economy.
The fact that I'm a fan does mean I want to call you out on.
On what?
Out on it?
Out on the carpet.
I don't know.
Out on a date.
No.
Hope you win millions best of luck pal.
Signed nobody.
From a fan.
That was the third in the series of a fan.
Dan from Maryland by the way has gone away.
He threatens all the way.
He's coming back.
He's threatening to go away and he comes back just like all of them.
Oh, we're never going to listen to you again.
You son of a bitch.
Buh-buh-buh.
And all of a sudden, a couple weeks later they are again in your
blocked category.
Okay, this one is from somebody.
Big Dave.
I purchased serious radio two years ago because I love talk radio.
And for a time I held Stern up on a pedestal.
Compared to others I thought Stern was head and shoulders above the rest.
Boy was I wrong.
A show lacks humor thought and relies solely.
I'm cursing and discussing performing D.V. and sex acts on young women.
Most notably porn stars.
He's very homophobic and his fat sidekick already shares many of his views.
While failing to contribute anything to a comatose radio program.
The most interesting part of the show is when Robin says,
ready for the news, Robin.
Anything else, Robin?
The fact remains you do your show all alone without a Robin or a big fat
already laying.
That's right.
Just with George and big fat Chris.
If Howard makes 50 million year, you should be two or three,
three times that.
I've been a lawyer listener of yours for 23 years will continue until I die.
As for Howard and Sirius, my subscription will be cancelled.
I advise all the morons who are in denial about Howard's talent to dump their serious boom box.
And allegiance to a no-talent fraud like Howard's sperm.
Also, if you've seen Tony Cigarette, it was ears lately.
They covered the entire side of his head.
Is he aware of this?
Perhaps you can send him an email telling him to get off the ear and go sniff Dan Moreno's John Strap.
How could he get anywhere near Danny's John Strap?
When there's so many like Joe Rose and all the guys in this station, there's a long line of guys
with their head and Danny's crotch.
Lastly, the only thing more silly and moronic than listening to Jimmy Cifilis is this awful
and horrific Joseph Gackie calling Hurricane games, Kimba Volkampher.
Also blows and Drew Rose now shorts these and embarrassing money sucking ass sucker
who had burried his nose and tongue up his illiterate NFL star clients' rectums
if it meant his 3% commission was contingent upon it.
Have a joyous holiday, you two big day.
How do you like that? There's some good emails from last week.
It's a good thing there's not much coming in today, so it gives me time to catch up on these.
Catch up. Catch up on emails.
Catch up is loaded with hidden sugar, man.
Right. I didn't think it was that hidden.
Well, most people don't think of it when they think of it.
Like when you go to Mickey D's.
And I tell you, I do the Atkins thing.
I get my, for example, the double cheeseburgers which I love.
And I remove the bun and I eat them with my fingers.
But the catch up is on there.
And the catch up is where the carbs are.
And that's where the sugar is.
Catch up.
Although I like catch up.
You know anybody who doesn't like catch it?
Nope.
You like catch it, Fatsow?
Yep.
See?
Nobody don't like catch up.
JB says the eyes and her bits are among the most consistently funny bits you play.
Keep it up. Happy Thanksgiving.
Thanks Joshua.
Thanks JB.
The runaway bride.
Everything else is just, eh, okay.
Keep on doing what you're doing and thank God it stops snowing.
Oh, there's Adam.
Well, Adam probably never heard the show when we play funny stuff, dirty stuff.
Adam over in the kitchen or waterloo.
It's not snowing here, Adam.
It's going a little bit later on, not too much.
Probably too snowy to head out to Woodbine.
You know, I don't want to get caught there with snow and ice.
I don't mind the snow, but I don't like the black ice.
Does that make me erase this?
Because I don't like black.
I don't like white ice either.
Nope.
Do you ever drive on black ice?
Probably not.
Yep.
You did?
Yep.
In like Montana, mate.
Yep.
Nasty.
You don't see it in all of a sudden.
You see cars like sliding and flaring.
Yeah, like that.
Off the road you go.
If there was a god, there wouldn't be such a thing as black ice.
Let me tell you that right now.
Am I right?
You bet.
Yeah.
If there was a god.
Maybe God's a bastard.
Yeah, but think about it.
Well, we know that.
Look at all the diseases here in the event.
And all those nasty creatures and serpents and little, oh, mosquitoes and snakes and stuff.
And chronic collars and chronic e-mailers and chronic a-holes like that.
And Jimmy Cifilis too.
That should prove you right now that there's no such thing as God that Jimmy Cifilis is crawling around.
I guess I'm the only one that heard the last two minutes yesterday's game.
I guess by that time everybody else bailed out.
Boy, they were pouring out of the, did you see when they started pouring out?
Yep.
And of course the way the game had gone back and forth, I wasn't comfortable to like, you know, about two minutes left in a game.
Why?
What do you mean why?
Because the Patriots kept going ahead and they blow the lead every time, every single time.
Like I said, when it became 31, 20, they were 10 points and it was 31 to a 21.
And I said, this game's over.
What?
I said this game's over, right when that happened.
31, 21.
Well, what about when it went to 31, 28, about 10 seconds later?
It didn't matter.
The Patriots are going to get the ball back.
They scored eight out of nine times, eight out of 11 times.
Yeah.
The two of those were turnovers.
So they basically scored eight out of nine times.
Did you see Randy Moss with that funky outfit after the game and that interview?
He had like a do rag on and he had headphones and just a whole, just a whole bunch of crap.
Three touchdown passes, nice going, baby.
And of course, Matt Castle, let me tell you, he is a man.
Can you write me by that?
No.
A real man.
And I believe probably with like a real penis.
80 votes on the pool.
What's your take on a Mickey eyes, Nibbiz?
I love them 56.
That's our motto here on Q56.
I love them 56.
I hate them 11.
They're OK 10 and WTF three.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're the new Rogers.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
I am a Ford Lauderdale.
I am Fraal Iliana Roslatenen.
And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the near rogey, Amunista Hour.
Take care.
You all might have really tried my thinking alone.
Hello?
Hello?
You're the first.
What the hell's the matter, honey?
I'm the kidnap.
Are you crying?
You sound like you're crying.
I'm the kidnap by aliens.
You've been kidnapped again?
By aliens.
You've been kidnapped by aliens?
Where they done tuck you?
Albuquerque.
Albuquerque.
Is that an America?
Where is it?
In New Mexico.
Where?
In New Mexico.
Albuquerque.
Yes.
I was in Georgia.
No, no, in New Mexico.
OK.
I don't believe you honey.
You don't have to lie to me.
I want to get married.
I really do.
It's just that I was kidnapped by aliens.
I believe you honey.
They got short hair.
They got short hair.
Who does?
The aliens have short hair.
You say short hair.
You mean like Ryan C. Crest short?
A little longer than that.
A little longer like Fabio.
I'm going to get you out of here.
All right, honey.
Don't yell at me.
I believe you.
Where are you?
Can I pick you up?
I'm at a 7-Eleven.
7-Eleven?
Yes.
Can you get me a Slurpee?
What?
Slurpee?
What?
Slurpee?
What?
Like a blueberry wolf.
I just think kidnapped.
I think it's you a Slurpee.
All right, I'll get it myself.
You really been kidnapped honey?
My aliens are the blue van.
Aliens drive a blue van?
Yes.
Like a Chevy van?
No.
Is it a Ford?
No.
What kind of van is it?
What kind of van is it?
It's a kind of van.
Does they do anything to you?
Does that probe you?
No.
Okay.
No.
Pride you?
No.
Like love to you?
No you idiot!
I'm not coming home!
I'm stuck at the 7-Eleven!
You don't want to burn a midday?
No!
What?
No I don't.
But I forgive you.
I don't care.
You can come home.
I'm done.
Come home.
I'm done with it.
I'm the sheep.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
IZNARBITZ, which is one Oshampovakertur, seemed to start like a real countertops here,
whatever the hell that means.
What's your take on the Mickey IZNARBITZ?
Well, there's that ball-headed queen, Ali Felcheng on CNN.
Well, the Dow's up 325.
He looks really serious.
I have a lot of experience.
I have a lot of experience going through.
Chris Matthews in there too.
Okay, neither one will be able to say a word.
107 votes, Mickey IZNARBITZ.
I love him 77.
72% love him.
Love you.
Hate them 13.
I don't believe that.
That's just people piling on, you know, just wise guys.
They're okay 13.
Do you hear that drilling again?
No.
You can't hear it?
No.
How about you, Tubby?
Barely maybe?
I don't really hear it.
I heard a lot easier before.
Hate them 13.
They're okay 13 and WTF 4 out of 107.
We're going to take any calls today or what?
A Thanksgiving week.
What do you think?
Take some.
Look right now.
Well, why would they be ringing now?
Sometimes they take any calls most of the time.
Once in a great while I get the feeling, you know, generous and in dangerous, daring,
stupid, idiotic jerk.
5667.0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Let's see what they got during Thanksgiving week, especially after that ball game yesterday.
They're really pretty PO and upset.
I see the Kane's basketball team also lost to Yukon yesterday too.
You see that, Fath Chris?
Yep.
Boy, losing seems to be like a way of life in South Florida.
WDQ way, I'm hello.
That was a horrible skit you just played now in your life.
It's a stunk.
Sorry.
I didn't like it.
It was no good.
It makes something better, huh?
I'm trying to listen and eat Taco Bell here.
Oh, that was better.
That was better.
Okay.
And now that's going to be the new thing.
They're going to be reading the bits.
Oh, I don't like that one.
Price up now.
Let's see if you got something else funny, okay?
Moron.
WQ way, I'm hello.
Hello.
Yes.
You know, if they did a policeman, children, how I would if we can't hear.
Black can't believe why?
Yeah, you're going after a speed.
Why would you go in so fast to crept into a tree?
Yeah.
I mean, you can catch a speed.
Why would you go?
Are you from New York?
Are you from New York?
Originally from Rhode Island.
Yeah.
From Rhode Island?
Yeah.
Or Long Island.
Wrong Island.
Yeah, that's a wrong island.
Excellent.
He's from the wrong island, baby.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, my God.
Who's he, kid?
He's from Rhode Island.
Yeah.
You know, there's nobody from Rhode Island.
You don't know that, that's a good thing.
Right.
We were talking about that.
Never met anyone from Rhode Island.
Not in my life.
I mean, why would anybody care?
It's like Delaware, you know.
At least Delaware had like brandy wine.
They got doverdowns in Delaware.
Maybe it's such a nice place that nobody ever leaves.
Any Davis, any Davis, Jr.
And they got the allos that go in.
WQ way, I'm hello.
I'm Brandon Gibbons.
WQ way, I'm hello.
J E P S.
J.
J J J.
J J.
Go back to New York.
Okay, go back to New York, just like that jerk
that called me a few days ago.
Ranges, ranges.
Yeah, how about the ranges now?
They lose every day and all of a sudden the Bruins are in first
in the division and winning every stinking day.
And it makes me sick.
Ranges, ranges.
There's something about New York, man.
It's just a stench.
Oh, not that there aren't a lot of nice people from New York.
But most of them stayed there, you know.
The losers, the, the, the miscreants.
Do do do do do.
They got tossed out and more never to come back.
I didn't hear him doing any game on the radio yesterday.
Of course, I wasn't listening to the radio, but nevertheless,
sometimes the audio in the background of some like cable channels.
He's got like radio, football audio.
You know what I mean?
Faso?
Yeah, but it's like the week before he was doing nothing to be
finer than to beat up Carolina, something like that.
The mole, myster, baby.
He always resurfuses.
No matter how many times he gets canned, no matter how many people he
pisses off, which is everybody who comes within his path,
he always bounces back.
Mosk 11.
WQYM. Hello.
Hey, I'm talking about the frequent event.
How about you, pardon?
I'm talking about the frequent event.
WQYM. Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, I know you would not allow to play surf, or be at the top.
Yeah, like you.
WQYM. Hello.
Now, why is it that everyone who disagrees with you or makes that a picture?
Oh, I just that old fart again.
Haven't you died yet?
Didn't you die over the weekend for crying out loud?
Didn't you get the message?
It's time for you to take a dirt nap.
Yo, who needs to take a dirt nap?
You need to take a dirt nap.
Okay, you old fossil, you pathetic.
You're what's wrong with South Florida.
If they come and scrape your ass off the highway,
then things get a lot better.
People put a big smile on their poos.
Man, you idiot.
Everybody disagrees with you.
I was wrong with that email.
You pathetic, alter-cocker.
You tragic.
Go read your neighbor's mail and get out of our face.
Do something constructive.
Go play in traffic at Cemetery Village.
They go real slow.
Oh, speaking of slow.
I'm telling you, man, there are in Toronto,
there are three speeds of driving.
There is slow, much slower, and reverse.
I mean, I haven't really seen so many people drive so slow.
If it was just me, I'd say, well, I'm impatient.
I'm like, my cab guy just goes, apesh mitt.
Apesh mitt.
It goes on nuts over in British Columbia.
There are old ladies who are passing us like we were standing still.
We'd want to be here.
Not in here.
Here the word is slow.
They drive slow.
They walk slow.
Everything is slow.
How's it going?
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
I'm going to be here.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
Jim Mandit.
Afternoon.
Oh, wow.
Sports radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Floridians.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
Dumb as dirt.
And these are unlimited coast to coast.
LONG DISTANCE Request and dedication.
Busy countries
Aendalk
An American idiot from Jessia to Ashley.
Barbies
Everett
Abert
Duck
T and
F
iOS
Number two!
At number two, that tune that sounds like heart and soul, but is it?
And now, this week's number one ringtone.
Number one!
For the third week in a row, walls of the flowers.
There you have it!
The top 20 ringtones in America as tabulated by phone bill for magazine.
To an in-again, next week.
And we'll once again count down America's top 20 ringtones.
I'm Casey Casem saying keep your volume turned out and keep reaching for four bars.
America's top 20 ringtones.
12, 18, at 5, 60, WQAM.
Happy Monday to you.
What?
What?
I said thanks.
You're welcome.
What about you, Fatso?
I think I guess.
Now, I hope you don't overdo it on Thanksgiving Day.
Thanksgiving is one of the most dangerous days for fat people.
I actually usually don't, so.
You don't want?
Overdo it.
I do.
Do you underdo it?
Yeah.
You do do it?
That's later.
Boy, I can just only imagine the amount of cranberries and stuffing and turkey and
breathing.
You don't like cranberries?
No.
And the pregame today will start at 5.45.
I don't care.
I was just putting it out there for everybody's interest.
I don't care.
Neither does anybody else.
Hey, there might be two people listening.
Let me say it again.
I don't care.
Does George care about what?
And nobody else does either.
So you can give me a song and a dance because they've been manipulating your ass to say this
and say that.
Don't even mention it.
Okay?
No problem.
How did you know that's how they made them talk?
They manipulated his ass.
Allison comes in and goes over on cheek.
He comes in and grabs the other one?
No.
And then Jolly Joe comes in.
I don't want to tell you that.
Definitely not after that.
Oh, yeah.
Definitely not.
Yeah.
Talk about the old, you know, how they do the wishbone, the turkey wishbone.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
They just pull apart those cheeks.
And then Jolly Joe just said.
Anxious look on his face, you know, like a dog salivating it a bone.
Johnny says simple note.
I like Eisner bits the best.
Thanks, Johnny.
How do you like that?
All right.
Johnny at least wasn't affected by all these stupid ass football games.
All these people are so sour today.
God.
I mean, usually, you know, just on an ordinary day, they're pretty sour, but today extra sour.
How would you like your drink?
Extra sour.
150 votes on the Mickey poll.
What's your take on the Mickey Eisner bits?
I love them 100.
They're okay.
23.
I hate them.
Only 17.
WTF 10.
What the F 10 out of 150 vote.
Now, unless you believe that on there till two or should we like Schmidt can it?
Whatever.
Yeah.
What does that mean?
Well, I know what it means.
And I don't like it.
Whatever.
Fat Chris just told me F U.
Say what?
That's exactly what whatever means.
Okay.
I may be an old conjure, but I know what that means.
When you tell somebody whatever, that means F U.
No.
Yeah.
You're imagining things.
No, I'm not.
Yes, you are.
Mm-hmm.
I was saying it doesn't matter.
You know, if we want to leave it up there, that's cool.
We don't.
You know what?
It matters about as much as the fact that the Keynes pregame show from the Virgin Islands starts at 545.
Nobody gives a rancense.
Okay.
Nobody cares.
Joe was complaining about Josh about that this morning.
What are you talking about?
Joe was saying how bad it was that Josh was down there bringing his girlfriend down there for supposed to work and everything.
So, you know, it was pretty funny.
Joe Z was saying that?
No, Rose.
Oh, Joe Rose was saying that.
I mean, he said Joe, I kept thinking about the.
Joe is a guy.
He sucks.
Okay.
That.
What does Joe Rose got to do with it?
He was part of that horrible broadcast yesterday.
The worst, the worst two minutes of Profit Ball broadcast in history by far.
I would rather hear Phil Simmons ramble on for five hours than hear that last two minutes.
And I hate Phil Simmons like poison on the sideline.
It's on the sideline.
He is, he's just nauseating.
Nauseating.
The sideline.
Where that phony cornpone southern accent is a phony, or is it real, do you think?
Holy really.
Oh, he is.
Why is it that the people who are the most repulsive of them all, they put them on the on Sunday every week?
Shannon Sharp.
Shannon Notso Sharp.
They had a guy doing a color on the browns Houston game who was so in our in our articulate.
He was illiterate.
He was down right in the letter.
I have no idea who did the game.
Maybe somebody will know.
What do you think about 20 C.A.R.
Goosa?
Oh, he sounds like Zach.
I kept thinking Zach Francis doing the game.
He was on the sideline.
Like he's on the field.
No, no, no, the sideline.
Yeah.
Get it right.
The sideline.
But he's on the field and he has a tele-spreader down there.
And like they always show him and they always have to like show him in the picture for some reason.
Oh my gosh.
Show them the play.
And he makes you look like the end zone.
And it's like, dude, why are you showing them that?
It makes you look like Minnie Mouse.
First time email or long time listener, Eisner bits are the best thing you've done.
Says Pico 26, about 30.
I, I, I, I, best thing I've done.
Think so.
I done him.
I do all the voices on them.
That's right.
All the voices.
People don't know.
Now it's only up to 11 hours.
What's up over 300?
Don't start making a slide now.
Some people are going to get really nervous.
Don't start.
Oh, 209.
Woo.
Paul in the queue says an open ended response to the Mickey poll.
Would like to hear more of the other older ones besides Brooklyn in the practice.
Like pooped yourself and my shellac am shot.
That's a good one.
Now, what, what is that?
I don't know.
We're just going to play a little.
Not, but I don't have them in here.
You got them somewhere.
I got some of the cam shot.
I don't know which one that is.
Eisner.
I got that.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I've only got a couple of Mickey in the DCS.
That's what I get for not putting bits in the all of them in area.
Right.
I got like three of them.
My shellac am shot.
Yeah, that's what I got.
No, I got more than that.
I got number one five and six and don't ask me why that particular order.
But I got a feeling something got blitzed out of here.
Well, let's see what this one is.
Mimble.
Michael Eisner.
Two rings, Eisner.
It took two rings to answer.
What are you doing over there?
I'm sorry, so I just couldn't reach the phone.
I couldn't reach the world.
One ring, Eisner.
We've been over this.
I'm sorry.
Get on the bow over there.
Okay.
What do you all hung over out with your mighty dicks?
Who's there?
The hockey kid.
Oh, V&I, mighty ducks.
Oh, what a successful story that business.
Oh, whatever.
Sell it.
Yeah.
I'm not even sure we can play that one anymore, you know.
Can't say mighty.
How about mighty mouse?
Maybe we ought to do a mouse pull.
Who's your favorite mouse?
Mighty mouse or Mickey Mouse?
All right.
Any other me's?
It me's.
That was only up on 97 hours sliding.
It's backsliding.
Let's see how that's serious is doing.
It was down to like 15 cents.
It got up to 17 that it went back to 16 and then it went to 15 and now it's 15.
It opened at 14 so it's really making a big move.
It's up to 15 cents.
Anybody want to buy any serious?
No.
What do you think of that article?
I thought it was right on spot torn.
Yeah, spot on.
And it wasn't just some goofballs opinion somebody out on the street, you know, or somebody who
like writes about radio and TV and music and stuff.
Somebody who's got some expertise.
He said, forget about it.
There are billions of dead.
So everybody out there wants to keep serious on.
Go out there and get everybody to subscribe now.
Before the end of the day.
Do it.
There's no logic.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The.
The.
Yeah, the sports leader.
Yeah.
Himalayan.
What happened to Tommy?
He hit it.
He hit it.
Oh.
As you see, K.S.
Mr. Mouse.
No.
It's Michael Eisner.
Michael Eisner.
Oh, no.
I just want to answer my phone.
Sorry, boss.
If Danny Osmond.
Donnie Osmond.
What do you want?
It's Michael Eisner, sir.
It's not Tommy Osmond.
It's Michael Eisner.
The.
The.
The.
The.
Oh, boy, Eisner.
Good morning, sir.
How are you?
I'm the most done with you, pal.
Sir.
I was looking at the ratings for this nightmare you had.
It's going through.
I'm the forever you get me out of here.
What a smashing success, sir.
One thing was in the toilet.
It was unbelievable.
If you break down the demograph.
You know what, Eisner?
Say that I'm just happy.
It's over.
Sir, I believe the second go round will be much better.
The second go round, you must be on crack.
We're not doing that thing again.
Why do you want to bring that back?
Because the first time around, you barely miss toppling the entire network.
Well, sir, it's already done.
What do you mean it's already done?
Nobody ever told me it was already done.
Hang on.
Remus.
I'm on the phone with.
Remus.
Yeah.
What the hell are you doing?
Cutting some conduit, ma.
Go it quietly, Remus.
That's not quiet enough, Remus.
A blue bird stinks like an arm pit.
Sir, our May sweeps will be amazing.
I'm a celebrity.
Get me out of here, too.
Instead of 15 nights, 40 straight nights.
It's 40 nights of I'm a celebrity.
Get me out of here.
You're killing me.
And the celebrities, 10 times better.
Oh my God.
We got...
Hold on.
Remus.
Remus.
It's devil.
Take the harmonica.
Slide it up your back and walk it out.
All right.
All right.
All right.
We've got Bernie Capel.
Who?
Bernie Capel, the doctor from the love boat.
Oh, for heaven's sake, he hasn't worked since he did the stop snoring spray commercial.
We've got a real hottie, Adrian Barbos.
Oh my God, chief, terrible.
And someone I know you'll love, Billy Bush.
Oh, oh, wait a minute.
Is that the president's annoying nephew?
That's the one.
Oh, for heaven's sake.
You can't put him on there.
And...
Hold on.
Oh, yeah.
Remus.
Remus.
I can't hear you, boss.
Just...
Remus, I'm on the phone.
Here you go.
Stop drilling.
What are you making?
Making a new condenser, boss.
What's wrong with my own condenser?
It's your life, damn shot.
My shallack, damn shot.
It's right, damn shot.
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I don't care who you have on this nightmare.
Well, we have the major aelister, sir.
We've got Scott Bacchewer and Leonard Neemoy.
Even Remus doesn't remember Leonard Neemoy.
You're having a boss.
Remus, I wasn't addressing you.
Sorry, boss, but he was following those things.
Oh my God.
I'm surrounded by idiots.
Hey, Remus.
I thought I told you to put that harmonica up your butt.
Sorry, I farted, boss.
Oh, don't fart in the office, Remus.
The poor boys come at me.
They can't catch me.
1234, 2060, one.
See, I found my shallack, damn shot.
Aren't you, boy?
Yeah, I'm excited.
I like that one.
Here's a Miami New Times.
Boy, this is the talk of the town.
Bubba to love sponge.
I'll ride.
You hear that?
They just dropped their ball-peen hammer on them.
I thought it was you.
I thought it was you dropping your head.
Anyway, Miami New Times says in a move that will surely up the intelligence of local radio listeners.
Bubba loves sponges.
Morning Radio Show will be broadcast on 93 Rock Starting Early next year.
Bubba's stick makes Howard Stern look like the Duke of Windsor.
And he's been accused of sensationalizing an on-air pig killing
and forcing an internet porn model to be penetrated by a strap on in his studio.
Delightful.
Bubba currently hosts a show on Stern's Sirius satellite radio channel,
but his deal is set to expire in January.
No extensions have been reached.
However, along with Miami, he'll be extending a separate terrestrial radio show
into four new markets, assuring that his special blend of airwave garbage reaches listeners'
rears for years to come.
Reachers' listeners' rears.
Back home for years to come.
How do you like that?
A little shot there from Miami New Times.
At poor Bubba.
I don't know and I don't care.
You care?
No really.
You care?
I'll give it a shot.
Nope.
You're what?
I'll give it a listen.
One out.
Hey, so I got something that you might enjoy hearing.
Oh, here we go.
You ready?
Yeah.
Let me check the volume.
Third same message.
I was finally re-stuffed down.
Sounds good so far.
I don't know if you'll act in and be off,
but I could not believe that you could...
I'm not here any more.
All right, I got to adjust the volume on it.
I was just giving the volume.
So I got to mess with it.
What volume?
There was nothing but...
Yeah, it was really low.
You want to know why your office is on reach?
You can go here, right?
It's flying mic.
Who wants to go to where it's bad to fall?
This was a terrible thing.
I'll raise the volume on this real quick.
Hold on.
I'll give it a listen.
Jesus, will you get with it?
Hey, it was just given to me and they said it was ready to go.
Who's they?
Somebody in the office.
Allison gave it to me.
Allison gave it to you?
Yeah.
I doubt that.
Are we going to hear it or is this just...
Yeah, I got to...
I'm going to have an hour and 24 minutes to go.
Hold on, give me some time.
Let's kill some good time.
Go ahead.
I got to hear.
No, I need to come in as to find in,
raise it with one of our programs.
So, give me a glass.
I got to go in and read with an audio program.
What does that mean?
He's going to dittle the level.
Yes.
Can I go take a Jewish right now?
Sure.
188 points.
Oh, the Bows up to 24.
Not too fancy, man.
It was up over 300 there for a while.
And then...
Like that.
232.
Ooh.
188 votes on this pool.
I say, let's go to...
Till two something.
Till I change it to the other one.
Because Eric is doing a hell of a job, man.
He's got the one for tomorrow on there already.
It was going to be four row, you know.
But we're doing this interim pool because some
Oshan provocateur emailer out there started a big thing about
Oh, those Mickey and I's are terrible.
You should live so long, okay?
Any anonymous A-hole that's ripping Mickey Mouse and I asked,
boy, what a jerk.
We're going to report you to the NCAA.
What are they doing up there?
I think they're doing something sexual up there.
What you said they're doing a lot of drilling.
Yeah, they're drilling.
Maybe they're selling too.
What's your take on the Mickey eyes, Nebets?
I love them 126.
66%.
They're okay, 28.
I hate them.
23.
12%.
That's probably the same three or four people over, you know.
And WTF 14 out of 191.
Overwhelming.
Overwhelming.
And then of course that first email you try out while the audience hates them.
And blah, blah, blah.
You like them.
And that's why you plan.
I will see if this is loud enough.
Ready?
Yeah.
First saved message.
I was trying to reach just out of it, but I got you.
I don't know if you're acting in the SPR, but I could not believe.
You're awful.
You actually preempted, you need Rogers to put on a stupid,
you win, fast, it's ball of gays.
And you want to know why your office on reason is going down.
This was terrible.
We want to say you were bad at ball.
This was terrible.
People ought to be ashamed.
Nice going on, excellent job.
This was terrible.
That's almost as good as the Nip and Sonsley.
Not quite though.
When you say she was pretty good.
Oh yeah.
She's up there.
Just these guys, Nip and Sons and whatever the heck it is.
And the people that call in, they're just like them,
like that they run the water court, the weeds, and they're high.
And they're, I mean, it's terrible.
The years that I've been looked at, listen until 6'10",
and I'm as here.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
This is the Rogers, sports radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The Rogers God.
And their fellow films presents, the game's greatest scores.
He was born Thomas Edward Brady Jr.
And he grew to rule a New England dynasty.
Three Super Bowl rings.
Twice Super Bowl MVP.
And a playoff resume akin to a first-class ticket to Canton, Ohio.
However, his prowess on the gridiron gives way only to his prowess in the bedroom.
For late in the 2006 season, Tom Brady achieved the greatest back to back scoring feat in the modern era.
First he impregnated Sultry Hollywood starlet, Bridget Moynihan.
Then, against all odds, this heroic field general bedded and inseminated
lingerie Supermodel, Giselle Bunchin.
And so, in honor of his triumphs between the hash marks and between the sheets,
we bequeath the laurels and regale among the game's greatest scores.
Number 12, Tom Brady.
Sixteen till who needs Tom Brady when he got Matt's castle, you know?
Here's an email from Matt.
Went to the game yesterday, 25 bucks for parking, 12 bucks for an import beer,
and just to rub it in, Wayne flies into the stadium before the game over the parking lot
and is effing chopper, unbelievable.
Congrats on a great win, the Ossus, Matt.
Didn't Matt Castle join some high-end quarterback stats yesterday,
something about 400 yards for three consecutive games? No, two.
Fat Christian, no, as if I don't know.
Two consecutive games.
Even I knew that, Fatso.
Oh, speaking of bits, please settle a bet between my brother Rob,
not the chronic, and I, and me.
I know that Bokeh Bryant has most of the parody songs on your show.
My brother insists it's pedigrew.
Well, first of all, there is no such person as pedigrew.
There's not pedigules from one of the comedy surfaces.
And the most of them are the mix and match.
I wouldn't say chicken act as most of them with you.
Yes.
Get out of here. Are you crazy?
I think that we play more of his than anybody else.
Well, that wasn't the question whether we play because he's there better, of course.
Right.
Than pedigrew.
It says a buttered steak and Ruth's christened,
so I'll don't do a writing on this.
And by the way, he's mad. I'm from Rhode Island.
Well, everybody's got a problem, you know.
Everybody's got a cross to bear.
Oh, here's really amusing information.
How is the weather up there in Toronto asked Frank?
Last week, La Bastard was trashing you for ripping off his fake collar email format,
was mocking your low ratings, and was ridiculing your habit of rhyming everything.
Well, oh, how am I going to go on, dad, La Bastard?
That phony bastard was ripping me on here.
Who cares?
See, I don't really care what anybody says, especially a loser like him.
Oh, he had a couple of books and a couple of trends and right away all of a sudden,
he's a big shot broadcaster with big numbers.
Yeah, he should live so long.
Loser.
He's the beneficiary of the fact that Jolly Joke came along and destroyed two to four
and pushed Mandage back up to four to seven, following two hours of dead air every day.
I shouldn't have said that.
Rock solid.
That's right.
Now that we got the big old back, let's see how that all plays out.
Now, do we know when the next trend is going to be?
We just had one come out on whatever day that was.
The 19th Wednesday.
Wednesday.
We know when the next one's going to be.
I can look it up.
I can Google it.
You'll have to.
Nobody else will tell us.
No, that's right.
Good point.
Arbitron radio.
Ratings and media research.
Can you hear me?
I can hear you.
There are data.
I'm translated for you.
Let's see.
Data delivery schedules.
Here we go.
Ratings and data delivery schedule.
All available.
Market.
Mind me for Learner Dale Hollywood.
Survey.
Fall of two thousand.
Phase two.
phase two. Yeah. December 19th, 10 a.m. All right.
Mark it on the counter there, Tubby. December 19th, what day of the week is that?
One day. Like a week, a week less one day before Christmas. Friday. Friday.
It's a Friday. Oh, that could be a good way to go in the weekend or a bad way to go in the weekend.
You know, you're ready for the weekend with a stand major show.
So I guess he's still alive, huh? I guess. Wow.
Canome. He's a canome. You do know that, don't you? No.
A canome. Did you know him? To know him is too.
I could do it. I paid him.
Let's do a show on Milky Way dark.
Anybody out there get a new watch. You got to go to watch.
I'm not. Very sad. Stanley T, but you keep pumping away, baby.
You keep a few. Not your right wing ramblings.
221 votes on Fed Chris's poll about the Mickey Eisner bits and overwhelming.
64% loves them. They love them. What's not to like unless you're a sour push with no sense of humor?
Well, I still got a whole bunch of these. Thank God I was out six last Thursday.
I got one here that's a real. Where the hell is it? I already read it.
I wonder about the guy who canceled his serious. Yes.
15 cents by the way, I just checked it. It started at 14 and went up to 17.
Then back to 16 and now 15 cent. You can buy all the serious stock you want.
Serious XM 15 cent a share. 15 cents.
My God. And they're paying howard what 80 billion dollars a year.
To have guys taken a crap in the studio. Listen, we could have a guy take on a crap in the studio for free.
I'll do it. In fact, I was right on the verge of.
Listen, 15, 20 minutes ago and all of a sudden it's subsided.
We get all we could all do it like in unison. Yeah, we could have a microphone in the QMT room.
What do you say? Oh, that would have been good back in the days when fat boy was there.
I'm not talking about Chris. I'm talking about the real fat boy.
We still got some people in here that allowed.
It doesn't matter that he used to splatter. Oh boy.
Here's one from Andrea in homestead. I guess it is.
It says I just want to cute little George to know that we're all.
This is from last week. We're really looking forward to his homestead appearance.
Me and the boys are warming up the Chris go and bacon fat.
We think he's got a pretty little mouth. That's your just something special sign the fake rotund and the baby.
I guess nobody came and saw it at home.
Stayed on Friday. A lot of ex-cons.
I mean, well, the Mexicans from the hood, but they didn't know who you were.
No.
So nobody from our audience came and saw you.
No, no one drove all the way down there. No.
Amazing. So some people look, but actually we're already there.
There were some listeners doing some business that was surprised.
Hey, we said, hey, what are you all the way from my next door?
I said, well, here, have a shirt. You did? Yeah.
You get paid for this? Yes. Good. That's all we care about.
Oh, yeah.
It's getting paid.
And a Georgia's case getting laid and getting paid.
That's right. But nevertheless, those two things.
Getting paid. That comes first.
It has to.
Mike says, Bava is good and small.
Those are the worst possible Tampa radio is Schmidt or MJ.
Whatever he calls himself the worst. The Schmidt Meister.
Are you sure not doing all that great any more in the afternoon?
You know, he's a rush junior, a rush wannabe.
I'm hearing that when he farts, it smells the same as when rush to.
And by the way, thanks for listening, Dan LaBaster.
I claimed that I stole his, I never read that thing. Did I?
Yeah. Just now it did claim that he stole his fake, this one and fake
that I've never heard his show the only workplace I ever seen it was on his website that somebody sent me with a fake
hand Goldberg and the fake German. And, and what is that guy do with people emailing with fake names?
See, I don't steal other people's material. It just happened.
Am I going to come on you and say, Oh, here's one from Larry King.
And here's one from Greg Budeau like these are from the real people like George says,
None of them are the real people right none of them zero
Is that what you say that's what I said so if you want to argue with George go right ahead
Oh next thing we're gonna steal away two gods then then we'll have something oh
Here's look at this Dan La Bastard this from the same guy Dan La Bastard term and draws 230 players and 50 cent more who cares?
Who the hell cares?
Dania Highlight's card room. Oh, that's a good place for your audience. Yeah
La Bastard
Can I bother your cronies from ESPN? They're sitting around making fun of which deservedly so
Anyway getting back to this
So just amazing the way that the the morning guy over there in the afternoon guy
They want they want to like siphon off from this show not gonna work and
As far as ratings are concerned for 30 years who the hell are you to be talking about anybody else's ratings?
Okay, I got to prove something to you loser
Bachu and Dallas is it's been too long I
Just moved back from England haven't heard the program in 18 months. Oi
Can't wait for Paila to run for president SNL hasn't been funding in years
She almost single-handedly saved it and Johnny is a debaig says at Bachu and Dallas. We can't say it Johnny
But okay for Bachu whatever your name is debaig
Good morning, Neil says this woman. This is from last Wednesday. See how I'm backed up. Thank God
And this good that I have all these cuz I was not on Thursday
It is good. What did we do on Friday? Well, that's right Friday. We had the short show. Yep Friday
We had the basketball you have basketball greatest idea clearance never had man
Talk about putting swill on here. We got another game 545 pregame tonight from Virgin Islands Kane's lost yesterday
There again Connecticut basketball team losing basketball the football team got demolished
Embarrassed and humiliated and degraded by Georgia Tech last Thursday night
The dolphins got just trashed by the Patriots 48-20 yesterday and
The Panthers lose every day again to now that's their new deal
They lose every day
Friday Saturday. Oh, here's one from mr. Radio about Jimmy Cifalus mr. Radio chronic out of control lunatic
That was up to 47 by the way
The dolphin broadcast was embarrassing yesterday, especially Jimmy Cifalus crying about the Patriots running up the score bring back Mo
Yeah, that last at least mr. Radio commented about the last couple minutes or about the broadcast
Everybody else's mum
I have never heard such swill. Oh another Patriots touched down. That's that's the way he called it
Do we have that by the way somewhere? Yeah, probably let me try to find it the last the last two minutes of the game
And Joe and mad dog
Yeah, I couldn't believe mr. Mad Dog was supposedly you know mr. Macho guy
Talking about running up the score and would bill a check do this first of all after all the trash talking in the
Rumbling and rambling that was going on there last part of the game. What did you expect them to do?
Am I right? Fato?
I mean, Bill check was everybody was saying last year that bell check was on him score
Were they really?
He was running up the score
Yeah, do the math
Field goal 44 28 16 points two eight pointers touchdown 48 28 three scores minute to go
It's just a smart thing to do that's all a minute seven
Well, yeah, that all the zerg are used through time. I do I think the fellowship would just take it to you
But that's not him now is it? Oh
This is gets an interesting yeah, they sit on it or do they stick it in one more time for what is taking place today?
I don't know
Green Alice touchdown Patriots now what a call what a call
Touchdown Patriots
gracious
Can you believe that call
Hand off the Alice Green Schwartz Robinowitz touchdown Patriots
Well, you like nothing just happened on there was a touchdown. Okay, it was a touchdown Jimmy you idiot you
Oh my god
This is a majorly broadcast he makes Daniel a bastard sound like St. Vitus dance in your pants
All right, and off to green Alice touchdown Patriots now
Oh, I gotta have that I gotta have that you gotta send me that all right
Great gracious. Okay, that's enough. I don't want to imagine I'm winding anymore. I don't want to hear any more of it
You idiot you can tank a wrist fat. So you
God
How
You get me I'm going you down for it later the biggest names the best
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQ AM
Miami for the other day. Hello. This is on this is not a tumor. It's the ones a two hour
The
Economy is shrinking winter light of fire, but I couldn't afford the matches
Don't say it she covered her ears, but could still hear his voice
Recession, let's go back to Morocco. I can't I have you have us up prime
She took it all my house my car
Recession my heart you could never afford me. She never said why but I knew I have to let you go
Recession
She had a black heart and a pink slip recession. It's not a word
It's a feeling
The new fragrance from Calvin Klein recession
Available big lots
101 at 560 WQM happy Monday to you. We got the big O coming up rock solid and two and then the man dog at four briefly till
What is it 545
And then we got Keynes basketball baby boy, but you're celebrating across the street on that another Keynes ballgame right in the middle of the daytime when people are awake
Clarence Darrow man they gave him the keys to the kingdom and he just trashed and he burned it
You ever seen the pictures of the depictions of the burning of Rome?
Yeah, well that's what that's right. Neuro was playing the strata various and
And here we got Jolly Joe playing the fiddle playing the Raleigh, North Carolina fiddle
He's fiddle it around and Clarence is burning us down to the ground
Here's Filo who's a real a hole he says Neil
I also think the Mickey Eisner bits suck the fact that most people love these bits in your pool confirm
What you're always saying in your show most people in South Florida are stupid and dumb love your show
Just throw away the Eisner bits and George too. Thanks Filo
And another mindless a hole they're really sour today man. I knew it
The thrashing on Thursday wasn't bad enough, but then yesterday the pounding the embarrassment the humiliation and then that call
Could you even begin to believe that fat Chris? I
Actually didn't hear it. So yeah, that was pretty bad pretty bad
The worst in history the worst in sports casting history that was even worse
What I was gonna say at least when
They got their ass kicked low at 62 to 7 that time the call was pretty funny, you know another touchdown dammit
Yeah, that was Jacksonville by the way Jacksonville sucks too. That's another mediocre game
Rampant mediocrity and look at who the fish are gonna play they got to play St. Louis Kansas City in San Francisco
Three of their last five games against little girls of the blind school teams sounds good to me
Yeah, that's because you want you know you want to beat up on a bunch of horrendous teams and just barely got past Oakland
Which beat the snot out of Denver yesterday. Well rampant mediocrity St. Louis. Can you imagine what that game's gonna be like?
I know you're not talking to me. I'm talking to fat Chris
He's not with the rhetorical questions
You can say something you could open your
What so it would hope it would be a big blowout, but it's not going to be how do you know that there's only been one team that they
By the way, Greg Camry was out for the season. Yep
Did you see that I was told by a cope
Coat yes, John Coat when did you tell you that I don't know maybe 30 minutes ago an hour ago something like that
And why didn't you pass it along on the air? I really didn't think you cared. This is your sports leader
I don't care, but the people out there might care
It's on the Harold website and Mr. Radio cares
He says dolphins leading receiver Greg Camry or suffered a season ending
Left knee injury during yesterday's loss to the Patriots. He's done coach Coney's soprano said and by the way
Tony soprano talking about a fat loser this guy looks like a he looks like the bombs you see at the racetrack
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm the guys that hang around down by the finish line like like deep Mifo
Looks like a racetrack bum all he needs a big Stogie in his push and that's that's exactly what he'd look like Tony soprano
He's always got that same stupid look on his face always never changes. You notice that I'll take him 10 times over Cam Camry
Well, dude, that's really saying something okay. I'll take 100 times over Cam Camry
That's like saying you take clearance over Joyce
That's a good contest who would you take clearance or Joyce or Jolly Joe?
Just a particular question you don't have to answer. I know I know that you're a big boxer hanging online of course George
He's he's daydreaming what much too much sports talk today what
Our sonny Fox is signed a three-year-old host live morning show on comedy channel rod deal on serious
From six to 11 a.m. E nobody cares. They're building a studio in his house where he'll be doing the show starting in December
This is from the fake Tom jicke last Wednesday. Nobody cares little Tommy
Nobody cares about sunny Fox talk about old-style news man old and still wow
Hey box hey box
When was the last time he had a show when anybody listened to it?
And anybody listen to it. Yeah
on magic
When was that eighteen years ago 93?
Here the sirens coming they heard sunny box
If I was sunny Fox I'd get a shotgun I'd go up to Chicago with fine saw foos. I just blow his crap away
600 grand can you believe that I?
Believe it. He swindled sunny Fox out of 600 grand couldn't happen to a more deserving schmuck nice go on sunny
Even though you always say nasty things about us Brits. We love you and you knew President go socialism sign Cubans in London. Oh
Cubans in London and the guy's name is Peter are the Cubans name Peter
Sure Pedro
They are bangin so if you can't hear that I hear that oh yeah
Here's one from the fake Larry King Jimmy syphilis is boring his hell remember when he did color with Charlie Jones and NBC
No, I remember Charlie Jones couldn't get rid of that cold
He always not like he had a bad head cold talk to he had nasal is he dead Charlie Jones by the way I think he is I
Wonder if he took his nasal problem with him to the grave
Charlie Jones
Always sounded like his nostrils were just jammed
Would snot
Neil says there was a college basketball player named God jam God well what we do not exciting no
What if his name would have been God damn God yeah that would have been something
That was up to 53
K. Beast is I agree with George they should send us people the vouchers that up to 25 billion for l average down payments on a forward
Chrysler GM car the way and it goes on here with a long son of dance
They most likely will use the money to pay their employees while they sit in their behinds doing nothing and the rest of us will go to the executive of toilet
How you like that?
I got my lunch order just came in on here. Okay, what nothing chicken Parmesan's pretty good stuff
You want some yeah, be right up. I'll go out and get it for you right now. See you later
School with the fake screw and Winick says I've heard the Linda energy bit many times over the years
But I have no idea what the backstory is on that couldn't you please regale us?
Could you regale us also?
Reg Varney died never heard of did you who?
Reg Varney it was an old British comic actor was famous in England for his role in on the bus
On the something which was brought to America is a classic and legendary down the Louise vehicle lots of luck never heard of that either
I just love lots of luck with down the Louise says this grand not as much as I love being double team by OJ and Roy Foster but close can I get my job back? No
Linda energy she was married to a physician and
She was peddling some diet drug or something now was she coming to her doctor her doctor husband
She was peddling it. He was the one that actually doled it out, but you know, she was the marketer that we're in on it together really
She had the the clinic it was a place it was energy slim something raw whatever
Don't fast up your ass. Yeah, and let's go play in the grass
and
Fan fan that was it fan fan remember that people were dying from it they were saying
And then they did right she really wanted to get you on it and have you endorsed it? Oh, yeah, she was working really hard on she was on
Where was she on
Besides drugs. I mean she was on
I was on Zeta whatever the sister station was at the time when we were on how to say that they too was that
The lady's planet. It was what used to be she and Paxing destroyed
Well once great radio station and turned it into the planet. It's for ladies
That was what they would send out a morning show how you doing with the lady. Oh, that's our morning show
How you doing with the ladies? Does he still keep saying that? Sure he does. Oh my god
He needs to be horsewhip for some of the stuff. He does
Especially putting on Drew Rosenstein crant's house and and then other loser that Kirk jerk street
Even Drew Rosenstein crant couldn't and who the hell was it that they were oh Jeremy Shaki
That's one of his slimeball clients too a couple weeks ago. He was on there going on about. He's misunderstood
Of course Joe was sitting there. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yes or master. Yes. So yeah
Well, what is Joe got to do with Drew Rosenstein crant's house? No idea
They take showers together something. What's that all about going out that this station just shills the worst for some of the
Lois slime balls and like like OJ for example with the OJ golf tournament
One of the lowest moments of my life
One of the lowest moments of South Florida broadcasting a charity golf tournament and they turn it into the OJ golf tournament
Thanks to Greg Reed screw in and your close friends Sam the man
Never he tried to get us to put him on the ear. Yep, hand to the phone to him. Oh here here OJ's on the phone
You want to talk to him? No, I said when he's ready to confess to the murders
Then I'll put him on the ear until then no thanks
God almighty
Anybody ever wore a jock strap. They're a hero to these people. These are the ultimate jock sniffers
And I'm supposed to be the queen gate. I'm supposed to be the fat you fairy
And these people are good god. I can just imagine
Just imagine if Matt Castle were playing on the dolphins and the thing was the other way around yesterday
And he would have thrown for 400 yards
And they would have won the game 4828
Can you imagine the line of people from this radio station in that locker room trying to sniff?
Matt Castle's
privates can you imagine that?
I'll rather not try just to get a little sniff
Oh my god down on their hands and knees
All crawling around by his rectum. That's right
Of course they have to get by me first
Biggest name the best talent he don't have no rejects
Fort like your five sixty QAM
The fourth leader
A
stench of cow manure covers over this performance by the dolphins
Joe three up we're ready for the audition
All he done in the new cleanse
Yes
We've are alone yet
Fight down your mutton head
Oh
Don't talk about don't fight boy like
You better line had a way shut the privilege like the rest of us levings
Okay, I'm done at least until my next bad day at the track attention lady
I asked you all here today to judge our finalists for the 790 WQAM auditions
Well our three finalists come out of the closet please
Oh
Audition finalist number one what is your name and what do you really do?
Hi, pal my name is the fabulous sports day
I do a show that amounts to nut and I do it very badly
I got what you call a face for radio and I don't fall on there either
Mm-hmm, which is perfect for the way you're in the station you've got to see
Hi, everybody
Finalist number two my name is uh uga's belt. I used to self-inats at chase stadium
Finalist number three my name is Larry Blue thing and I like college and high school sports
Because I enjoy talking about and cheering for someone's kid. I don't personally know
Because I get moist over young athletes. That's my like bacon. Oh
I'd like you you got a great voice do you have any experience in radio?
Well, I'm real like what a great voice I have when I sang in the show
My mom will have told me so ladies
We have a winner. Okay, everybody all together now
What is the only thing that matters?
Oh, that's it
What do you want?
Oh, yeah, Chris says out wedding invites now everybody is sending me this now
Invitations to governor charlotte christ nupshals are in the mail and the guest list of the December 12th event is become a source of chatter around the state
The cream and pale pink invitations to christ and fiance karyl roe ms ceremony of frish in under methodist church in Saint Pete began arriving last week
cream and pale pink
Maybe that's what charlotte is going to wear to the wedding
State representative Darrell russon democrat of st. Petersburg said his fellow legislators are wondering who's been invited
To the ceremony, which is black tie optional
guests who are planning to do with that and won't be bringing gifts of the wedding
Uh a card enclosed in invitation reads no gifts. Please do to floor the law
You get your invitation yet? No, not that
Me neither I get my pink
Cliff and kandals says I'll never forget the first time I went to the racetrack what struck me most was the weird freaky half-dead crowd
They look like the backup dancers from thruller. What's up with that?
Well, that's because the average age of the racetrack goer in south florida's 100 is death plus 100
Last night on turner classic movies. I watched kaffa corn one the astronauts were played by james bruland sam waterson and oj
Simpson
He can't act as wet of a paper bag or was surreal and his last scene he was crawling through the desert with thirst
Mad with thirst crying out his wife's name and it wasn't a call
Happily the bad guys killed him
Maybe on the inside there. Oj is going to have a little problem. You think
Maybe from that be great
Here's a real goofball frank who sent about 600 emails today
subject cephaloneal a reason cephalo called it that way is because it often did not contest the final touchdown
That is a bald faced freaking lie, okay
They were basically standing up as if the patch would just down at the run off the clock
Which of course the anxious fellow trick did not do that's that the lie I saw it I was in here, but I had the little tv on here too
And both teams lined up and it was obviously we're gonna run the ball and they did and they he just went in there untouched by human glands
They conceded the last touchdown. Oh my god talk about kaka talk about brainwashing of the masses my god
Even fat chris would find that appalling to believe that I don't think they conceded it, but they they didn't really look very interested out
Well, isn't that a shame ain't that a shame is the fat man would say they did look very interested and I said and if they got mad that the
The Patriots go to the last touchdown. They should have played defense in the last ten plays
They shouldn't have played defense the second half actually the whole game as I said the Patriots only got stopped with two turnovers
And then one other time that's it and that's right they handed them the two touchdowns on a silver plate with those two turnovers that half time
Lee could have been like 24 to 7 24 and nothing whatever that's correct
See fat Chris he saw the game. He's a doll fam at least he's at least he's not BS in himself. Okay. He knows what a thrashing it was what a disaster
I got that way. I suppose it major league sports broadcast you to call a touchdown in an NFL game that way is scandalous
scandalous
I
Got to take a drink
Uh
How seriously that was just awful even even George who has no interest whatsoever in any of this even George was appalled
That was that was scandalous
See
Not that George is just sucking around even though he is I could give a rat's ass. That's right and quite frankly
So could I but it's just another another good reason to rip Jimmy and ass he so richly deserves
Jimmy you are awful you terrible you fair
Putrid you fairy grotesque you fairy
But no this this is what you get now with a jock accuracy taking over
They do the play by play they do the color they they do everything
No more sports cashews anymore unless you are up for an x-jock you can't get in the fraternity. It's close fraternity now
Boomers says besides sitting my very best
I suggest that if you like lacklust it'll be impressed with Taco Bell's
Volcano Taco remember that today I was talking about last week. Mm-hmm. It's not how it all it's barely spicy and it's filled with fat
It's I've also um, it's also been tried at several different locations and basically the same uh boring
Little warm and boring now worth eating the low-grade meat fat
I'll stick with a half-pound cheesy bean and rice burrito for a buck five including tanks
And that's only under circumstances when food at that moment is an absolute necessity
Otherwise eat fresh eat raw eat healthy or your screwed on that process crap. Oh god eat fresh and eat raw eat healthy. How boring
Boomer
Isn't that sound boring? Yeah, it doesn't
Pride I keep what sorry fry it up. That's right fry it up in a lot of grease baby get some of that good fat in there some taste
We're all gonna be dead pretty soon anyway. What the whole difference is in May
Sooner or later we're gonna be dead. That's the gift the Lord gave you man death
Oh, but when we die we're going to heaven. I'll I was gonna have the seven virgins waiting for us in heaven. Oh, hey
I'm a
Whatever they say when they say I'll I'll I'll bar
You tell me the laundry heads you got them all in the building there what
You got them all into building there that this is the terrorist headquarters of the world make no mistake about it
And I think maybe I need to get them before they get me
Here's one from kuko
He says I couldn't listen yesterday had a lot of work. When is this from last Wednesday? I was born and raised here in Miami
So when I went through the date school system. They didn't teach evolution the big bang theory
I know you're gonna say google it. Oh, this is Roger
Kuko who's asking me about that told I responded to that guy good
When will we evolve again hopefully very soon before it's too late
I
Love your show George is great. Chris is also good. You hear that Chris
All right
I started listening to you six years ago when I got tired listening to the same story music on the Miami so-called radio
I told myself no more crap
And I switched over listen some dolphin talk and I heard Scott for all in the stories about his girlfriend 34d
Then I stuck around to her and I felt free so
So think different and funny so thing never change the station again. Thanks kuko and get with it
PS who put the freaking a french fries oh
Oh
Here's one from pop Mason from last Thursday
Well, you get another short week this week. Thanks giving you a Thursday
I'm not gonna be here Friday George is gonna have to really put in a great show on Friday
Or something or now or not. Maybe play some bits play the Mickey boots all all of them play
Social black game shot over and over again just for that run style. Yeah
See one thing about south Florida no matter what it is
You'll find a bunch of people who hate it. No, it's not
It could be the greatest flavor of ice cream. It could be the greatest sex partner
It could be the most wonderful thing ever discovered in the history mankind and there'll be a bunch of
Negative sour people and so forth
As you drive across the border man into Palm Beach County you hear me and as you get to date and proud against louder and loud
louder
That was up 238
And we got 275 votes on the pool that that crusty old fart that calls man
I'd like to ring his neck with my bare hands
That 90-year-old fart that he called again today, you know
Yeah, you know the one I mean I do we only have one he is he is south Florida on two legs
278 votes. What's your take on the Mickey eyes near bits? I love him 182. They're okay 41
I hate them 31 and WTF 24
What's biggest name the best
You know
I am the fourth leader the biggest names the best talent is the mad dog
Man, the captain in sport is seven sports radio 560 Q am these sports leaders
Hey, yo, man, what's up? The girl for the cock damage. What?
Oh
Wait a minute that's not the right bit
How about this
Today's the day all the insides and name colleague stops it's very sad selection day
Get it out there and vote. I don't care who you vote for obviously
That's not true if you watch my program of course they can't who you vote for
Chickens though who I'm supporting
I'm wanting like we're gonna talk to people who just voted to find out if we can see who's gonna be the next president of the United States
So can you tell me who you voted for?
I'm I can't tell you I want to know go ahead go ahead and stop go ahead. Let me go. I'm trying
It's a satellite. No, we're standing right next to my head. I'm waiting for it. Go ahead
Thank you very much
You can tell the people are all pumped up and he likes it got a lady standing next to me wearing a Sarah Palin button
What the hell's wrong with you? Go ahead?
Tell me go ahead
I'm saying palin button
Your way get away from me push back. I meet another big sugar all day to make sure I lose my high
I'm pumping out me a raising cookies like they were crack
I've only taken two packs and no dose and down two four liter bottles of Joe color
I can't feel anything has no effect at me truth be called I haven't slept since Halloween
I've been playing cards without fracking Alex ball with Bruce Breastie the John Cook and Mel camp
I know John doesn't like to use all three names, but I can't remember what they call him
So I just want one more together. We have a great time together
Alex ball with opens up the hotel window and screams the apple on the passing Republicans
And then he sat down and ate a hole and I was the rise was
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
My friend now fracking seems a little depressed and despondent doesn't think he's gonna win his race for senator
Minnesota doesn't the same people who elected a wrestler governor Bruce Breastie let me try his pants with the flag on the ass
I couldn't get one cheek into him got a wrap this up at the city again talking to you
I can understand why people hate to sound to my voice
Disturbing
Somebody's up. He's seen 132 at 560 w.w.w.w.m
Yeah, I'm I'm printing one out. Oh just relax. Don't get all panicking
That was up 266
Here's one from Michael who says Uncle Neil in yesterday's scum sentinel
Section there was a story of a 14-year-old boy who was arrested in the steward floor to for intentionally passing gas in class
It's the fart police be afraid be very afraid it's his Michael
The fart police. I bet your choices got her finger in that
You know what I mean?
I farted in the shower last night and boy it was the most wonderful thing. Oh one of the greatest experiences of recent memory
Yeah
Said Bob I just not just a regular ordinary pedestrian fart, but I mean a gargantuan like an elephant fart
Wow, and it was oh the aroma was magnificent
I'm just telling you I believe in it. No, you don't
Was a wonderful thing for you. I'm sure it was what do you mean by that? Well, there was nobody else around who else is gonna be in my shower
I don't know fortunately nobody
289 votes on the Mickey poll
What's your take on the Mickey eyes and her bits? I hate them 188. They're okay. I mean, I love them. What did I say?
So I hate them. I love them 188. Well, I'm thinking about all these negative a holes there. Oh my god so many
And then such a thing to be negative about you know
Right about comedy bit about a Mickey Mouse comedy bit. It's not funny enough. It's not funny enough
Make it funny here
City groups getting another 20 billion dollars from the seven hundred billion dollar bank wheel out
So that's 40 billion come on. Let's give them a trillion dollars and let them have a good time with it
I love those bits 190. I they're okay 43. I hate them only 33 11% and WTF
65% say they love them
They got nothing else to bitch about so let's bitch about some stupid ass comedy bit
Some of the worst losers in the history mankind are stuck in South Florida. Yep. I think we're gonna have to get a search party and go out and kill them
Pop Mason in the keys says pop in the keys says forgive me advance for such a long email. It'll kill some good times pops
I wanted to say I love your show. I've been hooked on the Neil Rogers show going on seven years
Funny thing is actually caught on the show during the real summer schedule when you were off the air for months at a time
At the time I had a job that required a lot of driving. I was searching for a South Florida sports talk show
I live in Key West. I heard George talking and decided to give it a shot
The comedy bit got me laughing hysterically and George was talking about movies and music which really sucked me in
I started to get a bit depressed when the summer schedule was ending and George wouldn't be doing his show
That was a course before I ever heard you it took a little bit to get used to you, but now I get withdrawal if I miss a show
While George got me into the show. It's hard for me to listen to him now when he fills in
I'm not trying to knock him because he's still very entertaining and thought provoking
It's just I'm not as interested in a lot of things he talks about nowadays. I
Try to listen but end up switching it to another station. I hate to say, but sometimes George comes off a bit condescending
How do you like that?
G
condescending bastard. I know
It's a shame that you're exiled on the sports mad radio station with no promotion advertising to grow the audience
While I was a sports talk fanatic in my late teens to early 20s
It's tough for me to stand more than 20 minutes of it
My coworker likes the national sports talk shows, but to me they're filled with arrogant ignorant angry so-called broadcasters with chips under shoulders
Because they didn't have the skill to play organized sports past pop Warner or Little League
For some reason they believe that because somebody stuck a microphone in front of them
They're entitled to become a self-righteous idiot offering their dominions without being asked and getting into people's business where they don't belong
I like the local guys like managing rose, but really how often you can you hash and rehash the same subject
Oh, let's hear that touchdown again with Jimmy Cifalus come on. Oh, I got to load it up again
My goodness. What is there to say since pops
How hard is it to load it up? I got to restart the audio vault. Oh
Restart the audio vault
Oh
This is that piece of equipment that they've been given a song to dance piece of turd
Not to mention I'm off in a crashes
A minute seven left and it all was our career used to time. Oh, I don't want to hear that little thing. I just want to hear him say
Come on
Yeah, they sit on
They stick it in one more time stick it in what is taking place today. I don't know
All right, and off to green Alice touchdown Patriots. Yeah
No, that right seriously that right there was enough to make kill it
That was enough to make me jump out the window. I really mean that
How can that be I mean, it's like he like I told you weeks ago when I was down there last time
I heard him doing a game on the weekend. It sounded like he was doing the game in a broom closet
No crowd noise no excitement. I mean just dead dead death
Dead Jimmy you're a dead man in a chair
All right, and off to green Alice touchdown Patriots. Yeah
It says how can it be that people can spend day after day talking about a sporting event that may have lasted four hours
And they want the colors input you think your colors are bad at least I get a chuckle out of them from time to time
Most of the sports show callers are morons saying the same thing all the other morons said before them
Now that I've grown up a bit sports are becoming less important in my life
I still enjoy watching them while I'm far less fanaticos I was and still like playing sports when I can
But I don't need to waste my time hearing about them out nauseam
Perhaps that's one of the problems with South Florida with a sports talk audience in general a lot of people who never grew up
Says pop in the king at all to green Alice touchdown Patriots
And I'm getting angry the fact you keep playing it's got nothing to do with even it's got nothing to do with who the teams are or anything
You just can't do that you cannot do that somebody needs to tell this man you can't call a sporting event like that
It's criminal you need to be behind bars for that Jimmy a Jimmy you're fair. God
That you remember Dave of Ann boring and the marlins win the world series and I was one of the worst calls ever that was one of the worst ever and this one transcends it
The Marlins win the world series. I mean no excitement no enthusiasm no nothing. Yeah, it's like they won like you know the first game of the year or something
It's like they won an exhibition game against about a little league team
God
The the quality of play-by-play sports casting in this market is so grotesque so unacceptable so subhuman
And you think of the people that are gone through here like Zimper and the
Mark van de Mirin good people good quality people did a hell of a job who generated some excitement
And as far as the Panther games are concerned. Oh my god Randy red deer mora clown silly ass clown
Another ex-jock. That's that's what it takes how to gilding it on the TV. He's no ex-jock
Must add his nose in the right place. I do that
With that frog Denise putt fan. Oh good galley
T big says this season reminds me the early 60s when it was green Bay and everybody else
Just substitute the giants for the current season
There's a glut of middle echelon teams like the colts of titans and jets the pants the cowboys etc
And the rest of our bottom feeders
I just don't see any team getting in the field a big game of the giants are coming away with the trophy
Says T big well there you go allows you season. That's because there's a lot of lousy teams
Most of the teams there they suck they blow
You know
Yep, even George's losing interest in that that's what that's same a lot
Fourth
Oh
I'm a monkey here. I'm a key she's a monkey he's a monkey where I'll monkeys down
I'm a monkey here. I'm a key she's a monkey he's a monkey where I'm a key now
Swinging three two three with scream as walked and shout no
That's why we're all
We don't do anything we're told because we don't know how
Don't brush our teeth don't come our hair. We don't even wear clothes
We'll have to make you're queasy with our private works
I'm a monkey here. I'm a key she's a monkey. He's a monkey where I'm a key now
We're not well-mannered. We'll be hate we just love to drop trial
Well don't come from me
Then we'll lay down scratch art but said watch you I'll turn back let's do I'm a monkey here. I'm a key she's a monkey
She's a monkey where I'll monkeys down
We wouldn't want to be a dog that can't enforce our cow
We're smelly and we like it and we've heard the things you say
Don't come with them. She's a monkey. She's a monkey. She's a monkey where I'm a key now
Swinging three two three with scream as walked and shout no
It's about to end our teeth as well
Fourteen goes to the shedding news and three did he come in and tell you about this or not on who?
free no
Uh-oh you heard that I did that was me
Wait, you're you're think Tinkels the same way as George's I was downloading something off the eye locker. Yeah
Wow
That was a good introduction to this breaking news. You don't know about it either. I don't know if I know about it until you tell me about it
Then I'll say oh yeah
He says the rumor is that at the beginning of the year 790 waxy is going syndicated programming from 10 a.m. To 3 p.m
Okay, I did that's called throwing in the towel. Yeah, I did not know that that's called surrender
That's called we give we can't be the old man
Even with his emails and his horrible phone calls we can't beat the old man
And La Bastia's on the year ripping me an ass
If this is true, it's another infom knew syndicated programming right there in the middle of the when people are awake
Thanks, Lee. Thanks for the input and the down put up put
Put it wherever you want to put a shot put. Yeah
Chio 9 and the fat Chris's interim poll here
What's your take on the Mickey Eisner bits? I love him 198 64 percent almost two thirds
Love them and leave it to the losers out there to rationalize. Oh, that's because all the people are morons and the people are so dumb
Yeah, that's right everybody else's tastes sucks. Yours is great. You three or four losers. Glad you understand that
You know, I understand it. They've got the definitive taste. That's like they have definitive. Let's see
In jail. I'm pretty sure OJ is a hero. It says here from some goofball
He's with his peers to be the man who pulled off the perfect crime and get away with it
Plus he's having trouble adjusting to having no pain pills for his habits his lary. Well, who cares
Too bad lary
Let him suffer a lot of pain just like Nicole and Ron suffered
Just like what's his name said to uh
Don't done Corleone
Well, let them suffer as she suffered
right right
Go on a sadda
The undertaker bonus sadda
Well, I'm farting so bad. I gotta get real. It's chair. Oh, yeah, I should let you as a candle
For what for me for you. Yeah
Lord my god, I can I continue here or not. I don't know
Not why you're getting like Chris Matthews
Got some a spill over my cool hole
Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa you're getting like a
Denise Pazfan and Chris Matthews with his politics
Lord Meilock what kind of a name is that Meilox
Says good morning. You know, this is last Wednesday again
First they'd like to say thank you for getting the archives back up and functioning normally again. Thank you. Thank you Eric
I live in Massachusetts. I've been able to hear you again without any affairs like yesterday
So thank you very much indeed Neil indeed
I'm writing this email at 9 30 a.m. So I'm guessing you'll be on stream shortly then
Secondly, I'd like to interest you in a new story called game mirage throughout New England by
2012 have a great show Neil God respectively Lord Meilock and he tells me how to pronounce it
M.A.L.U.K. Meilock. What kind of a name is that? I made up. Yeah, well, I'm a look
And he's got a story here about the campaign
Game Mirage rights in the other four New England states predicting success by 2012 well good luck to you Lord Meilock
Maybe a Charlie Chris can put off that marriage for a while
Get married up there in Massachusetts. We can come up here to Toronto. We can get married right now
Charlie Chris. I'll be the best man
Charlie Chris getting married. It's just and a fact of the matter is that there are people stupid enough out there to buy into including a lot of people in the media
Serious by the way still a 15 cent
15 cent you pay 15 cent and what do you get another day older and deeper in debt
410 a year and a four ever cheese dead is he dead did we look at that yeah, he's dead oh no
Capital records in 16 tons that song was number one for a million weeks in a row and I have no idea why
It's good song. What's a good song? Oh
Come on. It's a good song but number one for like 20 weeks in a row. I think it was nine weeks in a row
And your hit parade was Stoocky Lansing and Giselle McKenzie Russell Arms and Dorothy Collins
Your hit parade. I think it was sponsored by cigarettes too
What brand?
I don't know and I don't know
Oh, what a talk you say your man is made out of mud
A poem man's made out of muscle and blood
Muscle and blood and skin and bones
We let your mad castle made us get in tone you load 16 times body
You can have the day and I'll take a deeper and dead rest
320 votes on that pole not too shabby there considering it's an interim like what do we do on the first one before I schmit candidate
You know, yeah, I'm gonna point out you care. We had 640
640 and 320 is 960 yep
Oh, if you'd approached it man between the two of them we're gonna get a thousand on a Monday
I'm the day after a dolphin devastating loss
That puts him at six and five
They're not gonna make no playoffs. You know that even with that little girly
schedule they got
Last place schedule for one and 15 team they might actually lose one of those games
You know like maybe fan francifco one of those one those pansy teams. I'm sure the one a little lose the game or two
Well, they're gonna lose to the jets. I mean, you know, you think what you heard me
You think they can compete with the jets who clean Tennessee's clock yesterday
You've got to be dreaming mister. They're gonna be Brett farve
It's pretty far. They're like going to cancel it like a little schoolboy, okay
You are dreaming your your your your ability to many pills. You're just feeding you too many pills damn
And Buffalo could look what Buffalo did at Kansas City yesterday Kansas City of course is a girls team a suck
But Buffalo when they score 54 points
So like that. Yeah 54 points for those awesome Buffalo freaking bills
By the way, ask me if I'm going to that game December 7th. Hey, you go to that game
Get named know
Oh, I know
The fourth leader
It's day I
Do you do you have at five six oh WQ
Once there was a senator who was called indulging a habit
A book or all not much different like a typical me oh
Hands off to Larry
We all thank you
For giving writers something funny to do
You're looking for guys
Make you go
Larry crack thank you for tapping your shoe
New stories last a few days, but you refused to go away
Republicans are right
Hey
Hey
We're counting
No
Hey, I never
I never have been gay.
Yes boom boom.
Once radio 60 w a M
Sixteen.
Come on.
I like when this is going.
Kick it, kick it, kick it, kick it, deep.
