You're supposed to be a real record.
2.94, holy cow, I do mean that.
You're supposed to be a real record.
Rating's ready, minute, minute.
Rating's coming, baby.
You're listening to sports, baby.
You can really listen, push them, honey.
You can really listen, push them, honey.
I am a Ford Lutterdale.
Why do you, you, for real, crazy?
Hey, hey!
Guys, guys, guys!
They used to say last-pastons.
Like he takes it up the...
Please, save me the little class.
Don't leave me alone.
I wanted to go into space.
No, media got on my case.
So I traded in my rocket for a human.
In the old, you know that I can't fake no more.
Puns if that's right.
I'm supposed to go to the rocket for a baby.
I did, guys!
Okay, I'll pass.
Online's banned.
Let me put you that way.
Oh my god.
1002 at 560 WDQM.
Happy Friday to you.
So leave it at noon today.
All right.
And of course, everybody wants to know...
Why?
Because I won.
I came going on vacation.
And it's the beginning of March Break today, too.
The airport's going to be jam-packed with people.
And it's going to be chaos.
And tomorrow night's the beginning of daylight savings time.
We've spring ahead.
Spring ahead fallback.
Yeah, spring ahead.
And I guess I believe this is the first year
we're doing it with these extended hours.
Am I right?
Or do it last year?
Used to be April.
We would turn the clocks ahead.
And in October, we would fall back.
But now it's March 7.
We go on daylight...
Well, March 8th.
Tomorrow night.
When you go to bed, tomorrow night.
And in midnight, turn the clocks ahead one hour.
We lose an hour.
And then in November, we crank them back.
Actually, we all have daylight time all year long,
but they would make too much sense.
Here's the poll from yesterday,
before those ratings numbers start pouring in.
I'm sure Allison is feverishly running around
over there, patching around.
And George said that all the big waves are gone today.
And once they're gone...
So what does that mean?
Why are they gone?
We've got a trend coming today.
Wouldn't you think they may be?
Maybe that's why.
Maybe they're heading for the hill.
They ran for cover?
Well, I think it's going to be just fine.
I don't know.
I have no idea.
Based on this past week, we were cooking.
We were doing pretty good.
Then we had the anniversary show.
We could go today.
My 32nd anniversary on the Ironsaah Florida.
And the response on our way...
Again, the only way I can judge is by the website.
And on that day, it was putrid and ever since then.
It's been dropping like a rock every day.
It's very, very bad.
Week.
Week.
Like, oh, we didn't like that anniversary show.
And we hate you.
We just discovered that we hate you.
We're not going to listen again.
Well, goodbye.
Bye-bye.
Like Lance said, bye-bye-bye.
Here's the poll.
Now, we're going to change this.
And we're going to leave it up.
Because I'm going to get out of here and do it.
I'll let you guys do whatever you want.
All right.
Well, you're not going to come up with any new poll.
I mean, we should have put this one already yesterday.
I don't know.
11 or something.
What?
I might not.
Till Monday.
Whatever you like.
All right.
It makes no difference to me.
I'm not going to be checking it.
I'm going to be looking at it.
And we're going to be thinking about it.
And you've got the bedtime stories to start in for tomorrow.
Yes, I do.
What city or country do you want to visit that you've never been to?
That's our poll on there right now.
By the time George takes it off, there'll be a little stale.
But that's OK.
At least it won't be as stale as what's your favorite pizza place in which burger
joints the best in doing that every day for like 15 months, like Tootsie over there
on IOD Jesus Christ is here, right?
No, it's idiot.
Roll 195.
Good choice.
All you people want to go to Rome.
Go there.
Can't afford to, but go there anyway.
Let's see how the exchange is doing today.
Do you want to see?
No.
Why not?
That was down just 16 point.
It was down real bad there in the beginning.
Now it's making a nice comeback.
Let me see how the arrow is doing and the loony and the toonion.
Oil, $14.61 of barrel.
What a bargain.
Thank you, Mr. President.
You crazy bastard.
You lunatic.
You grave robber.
You and your Saudi buddies banned our bush.
Looney is $1.162.
$1.162 and the arrow is $153.5.
Not good, either one of them.
Very, very bad.
So if you want to go to Rome, good luck to you.
Amsterdam 156.
New Zealand 129.
That was George's pick, I guess.
Well, I voted for Vancouver initially.
Yeah, I wish I could put in New Zealand.
It's probably too expensive and way too far.
Yeah.
In your case, even like West Palm's too expensive and too far.
Here's the question.
China 82, Havana 72, Paris 54, Vancouver 51, Berlin 50.
I'd go there.
Boy.
Wow, London 41, Spain 40.
Sweden 39, Brazil 37, San Francisco 28, Israel 27.
Tormado 24, Boston 21, Chicago 20, Copenhagen 18, New York 17.
Everybody's been there.
Peru 15, Jamaica 10 line.
Bahamas 9, Colombia 9, Mexico 9, Los Angeles, Deadly Estates.
Good.
Good thinking.
Don't go there now.
Years ago, yeah, it was great.
It was wide open.
It was fun.
Everybody spoke English.
It was like a real perverted place.
It was fabulous LA.
And now it's like all these Vietnamese.
Like I said yesterday, all those Asian language signs everywhere.
Like what?
What do we do now?
Where do we go?
You know.
So nobody wants to go to LA.
Maybe they've all been there.
You've been there?
What?
Nine years old.
Wow.
For two months.
I'm surprised they didn't like get you lost in the very eye.
My eyes burned the whole time I was there from this small.
Yeah.
Did you ever see the Hollywood Hill sign?
You couldn't see it.
I saw it.
It was over there.
Once in a while you can see it.
Right.
On a clear day you can see it.
One of those.
Two air of year.
So that's the deal on that pool.
Now what's the story going to be with these ratings numbers?
With this trend?
You know it.
What do you mean by that?
Well the trends come into 10.
Right.
I'm sure that they're churning on to whatever it is.
They're churning on and then they got a print about.
They got a print about make.
They're going to make copies of late.
And then they got to run around with their figure up each other.
They're like, oh, uh.
Correct.
What do we do now?
You know.
Right.
53 people were killed.
125 wounded in two bomb attacks last night in a Baghdad commercial district.
And interior ministry officials said, we keep hearing about the surge.
And everything is going great.
And all this other crap.
And we never hear about any of these things anymore because the media decided we didn't want to do that.
What the hell is that?
Tell folks.
Thanks for what?
Oh, look at that.
Thanks for the check me along my way to the keys now.
Says, uh, your good buddy Josh Corridor.
Oh, he like.
See, I told you he was okay.
You give me.
Oh, he's a hard guy.
That's good.
Leach a particle.
No, that's not right.
That's what George said.
Josh.
That's what you're a leech.
Anyway, I'm more than welcome.
Okay.
Just a good job on those stories.
So George is going to be sending like about a hundred a day.
Probably.
How do you guys start?
Because George is going to be in the keys all weekend.
Does he have a laptop?
And I'm not talking about a date.
A roadside bomb exploded first around 7pm in the central Baghdad district of Karada killing a wounded number of people.
And some of his gathered to help the wounded.
A suicide bomber made the crack detonated the explosive.
That's killing a wounded man and more.
The majority of cancel his career during the second attack.
53 dead 125 wounded.
But everything's fine in Iraq.
Just remember that.
Okay.
How those numbers coming?
I want to see them.
Oh, look at this.
What?
Nothing.
Look at this.
No, you look at that.
I should have won.
I don't want them.
No, I should not.
Gas prices.
Thank you again, Mr. President.
Gas prices had record highs again.
You're spending parts of South Florida.
As well as the state and the nation.
According to a fuel figures tracked by the American automobile association.
Triple A.
Drive safe now, Josh.
Don't spend all that money on the way down there.
Don't be drinking on your way to the keys while you're driving.
Is he driving down?
I don't know if he's driving.
He's driving down.
So, driving a high-assimilar damn message.
Someone is driving.
Someone is driving.
Someone is driving.
Maybe his Russian girlfriend is driving him down.
Possibly.
Maybe she's driving it.
Average prices for regular fuel were the highest ever recorded in Palm Beach County.
$3.34 a gallon.
That's for regular.
Regular on-led at $3.34.
And day $3.31.
Rower-tunny regular, which hit an all-time high last week, averaged $3.27.
Yesterday.
$3.27 a gallon for unlit. regular.
Regular gas prices also broke records statewide.
Averging $3.25 a gallon.
And nationally $3.16 a gallon compared with $2.45 a year ago, which was a rip off then in now $3.16.
Thank you, Mr. President for those little gas prices.
Where's that stupid kid that called it?
That stupid ass comment.
You moron.
You imbecile.
You fail.
Yeah.
It's the second weekend of road that South Florida and State Fuel cost had record highs.
And those companies X-On and all the other ones that make an record profits just raping the public.
Them and their, uh, their Saudi buddies, their partners in crime.
And the future outlook is net rosy, says the Sun Sentinel.
If the value of the dollar continues to fall, which it is, oil industry analysts predict gas prices this spring and summer will break records again.
Pushing costs for regular gas to be between $3.50 and $3.60 a gallon.
So we're talking close to $4 bucks for a premium for a super-unlitened baby.
$4 bucks a gallon.
$18 a gallon.
Thank you, you're talking 72 bucks to fill up.
Industry leaders said energy tax will approve by Congress last week.
Trends to increase gas prices by raising taxes on domestic energy producers.
But independent analysts said the Federal Reserve has moved lower interest rates as it would tend to show up the slumping economy.
It's also weak in the dollar causing a ripple effect on gas prices.
As the dollar plunds to its lowest ever against the Euro, Crude Oil prices jump to 105.97 a barrel early yesterday for the third time this week before falling a tad a little bit.
The Trolium demand is dropped even though the US gas applies to highest ever recorded the past 15 years.
The landscape is as bad as it could be, they said, noting that credit card companies reported a 1% drop in gas purchases among American consumers since last year.
People are driving less, they're driving at less.
Pradelle Vilmi 57 and Miramar said gas prices are continuing to remind their about the economy and the future.
What future, baby?
So where's the numbers already?
You serious? Nobody's coming here yet?
Nobody's coming here yet.
Oh my God, one thing about the way this is going to work, man. It's not going to be slow, it's not going to be fast. It's going to be half fast.
Half fast.
I mean, here it's 11 after the hour already. I figured I'd be sitting here with a handful of fistful numbers to read.
But I mean, you wouldn't be. Why is that? Why is that?
That's because there's nobody there today. Clarence is off to a stupid basketball game somewhere at FSU and isn't going to have to be where they're having, by the way, tornadoes.
They're having tornadoes up there. Why sure? Hope he doesn't get caught in the middle of the big blow.
And then who else? Where's Zolly Jododay? What's his story?
I don't know.
Well, he's upset because I'm leaving it new and so he's probably under medical care for that.
And who else? Who else would ordinarily be there? Miguel?
Right. But that's right. He's across the street.
The power of big shots are not here, also. I'm told.
Really? You mean the Rolly Mafia?
What do you think?
It is girl in the town. She's not a project. She's married day by 60 km.
Think for it's later.
You're fine.
I'm not a project.
I'm not a project.
I'm not a project.
I'm not a project.
I'm not a project.
I'm not a project.
I'm not a project.
I'm not a project.
I'm not a project.
I'm not a project.
I'm not a project.
I'm not a project.
I'm not a project.
I'm not a project.
I'm not a project.
Right.
Until they make it stop.
Oh, this makes me just want to throw up the time.
Huh?
I can't feel a...
Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
Yeah.
Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh-uh.
Yeah.
Uh-uh.
Thanks, John C.A.
I can't handle it.
There's a hopper.
That was...
It's 1018 to 560 WQF.
I still have nothing coming across my face.
I don't know.
All right.
So Allison just came in.
Yes.
It's a very angry look on her face saying that she's getting ducked to it because she's not getting what she wants when she wants it from the power 96 flunkies who don't seem to quite have this routine down.
Since the people that normally do it aren't here.
So they're figuring it out as they go along.
Allison doesn't want to wait for them.
She's having duck give us the stuff.
The first batch of it is on its way to you now.
Paul 96 people are the anti-Christ baby.
Well, we don't have any management in the building of any sort.
So you've got to have a little bit of idea on the day when the trends are coming in.
That's really a spectacular.
Of course, they're not in any hurry like you said.
And if we were in a radio station, it might seem unusual, but since we're not.
Yeah, we're like, like, Johnny Joe told the Humphre.
It's not about ratings.
It's not about ratings.
It's about the nut spending any money.
That's what it's about.
That's what it's about.
And soon those numbers are going to be spanking.
Okay, let's see.
All we need is many team plus and 2554 persons.
It's all we need.
Oh, this, oh, look at that.
We dropped from third to fifth overall whole station.
And then so we must have a really disastrous January.
48 in the fall book and a 4-1.
Of course, I don't see the guys across the street on this first page at all.
Radio Mambe.
Oh, not another bunch of old, uh, Julios.
CMQ FAA, hot 105.
Oh my God, W-A-R radio Amor.
I can't even say it.
Radio Armor.
And big ground from a 4-1 to a 3-8 overall in men.
Hmm.
Nice. Good, man.
It looks like a death-nile January for everybody.
For anybody who speak at English, W-I-O-V-3-4 to a 3-3 overall in men.
That's pretty about as flat as you can get.
it. Well, actually, too forward with two eight. Oh boy, they're going to be like rubbing
their hind legs together over there across the street. Oh, we're making a big comeback.
Look at that. We did this. We did that. We did it. We did it. Yeah, do this. So anyway,
that's not looking really all that promising. Promise? I promise. Time spent listening was,
I don't understand. Time spent listening was up, but the quam was down. Down. Of course,
that's because in January, we had no more dolphins. No more dolphins. Okay, that first bunch of
numbers came through, and we're the rest of them. We're the day parrots. Are they away? What
do you give me? I'm laughing. Like that. I'm laughing. Where are they? They're on their way.
They're on their way. What from San Jose? Turn around. Like ishtraming Michigan.
They're cranking through the machine right now. They're on their way to YN. Okay, they'll be cranking
through my machine. Well, that's good. We got like a little pile. They're not good news,
though. Oh my god. If hope were wrong, I heard that how would we have dropped, probably in
midday, with our luck, you know, probably that about a two. One of those bogus months
when under our people either got the diaries or about that they fill them out. Now, you tell me
that they're on their way, but that thing is as quiet as a church mouse. Let me take a look.
It says, we're seeding. Now, it's not as we're seeding. Nothing happening, but it says we're
seeding. Now, it gets real quiet. See, that's the calm before the storm. It gets real quiet,
and then starts cranking. We'll see. It gets real deadly quiet. And there it goes. Wow, what
do I know my machine or what? It's a good machine, man. It lasts about six months in the
media. You got to replace the late note. They blow up here. Okay, here comes something. This
is six to 10 a.m. men. Now, this is November, December and January. Okay, so I'm going to
get to excited. Radio mom B number one. They were number one. As always, many teen plus
because that includes all those old domino park goofballs. They got a six one. They dropped
a little bit big. Drop from a six five to a five eight in men in the morning. Wow, from
a time for first to a close second, tied with how one or five or second. Q.I.M. three
nine. We stayed at the three nine in the morning. Where do we have the big drop off? Oh,
oh, no. CMQ four eight up to a five two. See what I mean? Radio mom or five two to a five
four WQBA. Radio. What is that? Kubanisima? Three two to a three one. And which one is
a radio mom B? Oh, that's WQ. Why there? Number one. Radio mom B. No spiketing. Glacier
key. Radio mom B. Oh boy. So let's see. Little log had a three nine. He's number six in the
morning. I'm looking for Waxi. They're not in the second phase. That's said to kid boy,
you better get in that bus and go back to New York, baby. You're dead meat. I OD drop from
a three two to a two three in the morning and Waxi, a two three to a two one from a
time for 17th to 20th. We're six in the morning and they're 20th. Sid the kid with his big
New York obnoxious mouth that nobody can stand who makes everybody want to vomit makes
everybody want to go to the sink and just start gagging and then go to the toilet and put
their head on the porcelain bus and start puking and just right that's him. Sid the kid.
Now come these numbers that are going to be really ugly I think.
Hey, you know, so Georgia didn't sing anything. I'm only about to be practicing.
Facts him more. The toilet. We dropped. We dropped from first to second. No, we're still
second. Radio mom B. They had a seven one in the fall book and now they got a six five
but they're still number one. We had a six four now we're down to a five five. We had a
disastrous January bad. So like I said, forget about those rating dollars. It was
bonus. Yeah, well, I'm cutting you see five five is 16 five. You know, we had what
did I what did I just tell you? Five five. We had a two six. Eels. Anywhere. Now,
does anybody believe that's possible? Let me go from like a gigantic number in
December. Whatever was a six nine into a two six. No. Does anybody really believe
that? No, number two. Oh, that's a precipitous drop. W. I. O. D. went from a four six to
a five. Who picked up the audience in January? I got a Y and Z three to a two nine.
They are going anywhere. Waxie a two. Oh, what was that? To a two seven. They went
from 20th to 16th. Oh my God. That's where they're going to George Sivano, baby.
Two seven. Who? Heavy duty. So we did do all that good in January. Had a bad
January. You can smell it. You could feel it. Are you depressed? Moderately. Not
any, you know, don't look too good for that bonus money. I mean, well, two two six.
Brutal. January. What kind of number is that? Week. Week. Embarrassing. Two six. My
ass. That's just pathetic. Right in it in there. And that thing is still grinding.
I like to say, what do we need these numbers for? And I'm going to get all the press
before going on vacation. That's all you have just at the project strip. It's not
what I wanted. Like Michael said in Godfather three when he was sitting there in his
bathroom in a bedroom in the hospital. The Hollywood hospital. This is not what I
wanted. But that's the way it goes. That's what we can do. Let's look at the afternoon.
We have time. Sure. Drop from number one to number two from a five four to a four
seven. But I'm more. Oh, that's right. That was 10 to three. We just saw well.
Whatever. Nevertheless, right? Radio Amor was number one in the afternoon. Is
anybody believe that? Anybody buy? No. Incroyable. Five five. Q. A. N. from a
five four to a four seven from first to second. That's minus the Humper and
including that three to four hour with the jerks. EDR is third W. W. A. Q. I. Radio
Mambia's fourth. Waxy went from a three two to a three seven. So let's see. We
had a four seven. I had a three seven. That's Dan LaBaster and Stu God's. Oh
my God. How depressing. How to be moralizing. Where's the rest of those from that
they part? You just send me two pages. That's okay. Hey, whatever. I just stuck
in the hearing. We don't give a crap weekends. Take a look at the weekend.
Anybody care about the weekend? No. No. What we went from fifth to 12th on the
weekend. Boy. Woo. Boy. Oh, boy. Thank God for those dolphins in the fall book.
That's all that's keeping us. Place going. Not us. Not anybody else. Not the
Humper. Certainly. He's long gone. And once he's gone, you won't see his
ass. His bad ass. No. No. Seven of midnight. Radio Mambia. An eight point eight
here. Boy, the old Julio's man. They wired the diaries. Waxies got a three eight
at night when nobody pays any attention. And what do we got? Now that we got
that dolphins all asses on the air. Oh, from a one four to a one six twenty
second. We were tied for twenty second in the book. Now we're twenty second all by
ourselves. Now we're fucking. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Another day. Another line of attack from Hillary Clinton aimed at Barack Obama.
She thrown eggs and dog feces at his house shot a beanie gun through his bathroom
window called his work making death threats. Action speak louder than words. I
think we have to understand that right now I believe she is so out of control.
She probably couldn't stop this if she wanted to. I am honored to be here with
Barack Obama. So shame on you Barack Obama. She is not new to you.
She is a good judge. Well, that's what a campaign is about. Are you meeting men
on the internet meeting them for sex? A lot of Americans are going to say good for
you. You go girl. And that's certainly how I feel about it. You have gone to
bad and had sex with your husband. Bill and Al and Tipper and I. You are addicted
to sex. Yes, I am. We're talking about full penetration vaginal
say. Right. Sure. I am warning. I'm tested. I'm ready. Let's make it happen.
Oh God. What a point. Okay, 10.30. We got a story. Don't feel so bad. Don't get
the greatest attitude. Sock it to you. Why? Why? One of those. Let's look at these
date parts. Persons 25 to 54, which of course is mostly men on this station.
Okay. In the morning, 6010. And what did we do? How long? Oh, five was number one,
but they dropped a point. They're number one. An audio on more is number two.
Big drop from a six nine to a five five. Men in black WMIB is number four,
which they were before. CMQ FAM and speak in English. Why 100?
Post. Let's see. This is the morning. Persons 25 54. Where's IOD? Where's
a footsie? Oh, we had, we went from a two six to a two five. In fact, all across
we had just a tiny drop in men in a person's 25 54. So that means that from
six to 10 in the morning, a little dog and Orlando had about close to a five share
in men 25 54. IOD dropped from a two to a one seven, a one seven and
taxi. Seven 90. taxi went from a one five to one four from 22nd to 23rd.
Tied for 23rd. Not even 23rd by themselves. Tied for 23rd with an audio
on Mombi. Midday 25 54. Where number six? We were number five. We went from a
four eight to a four five. But keep in mind again, that's from 10 to three.
You see? Okay. And you double that number and what do you got? Four five.
You got a nine. So that means we had men probably by the eight eight, eight, seven eight.
All right. Post to a nine. See? So now you can have a good vacation. Oh yeah.
So we got a good January to kick us off at least in that demo. Men 18 plus we
just to because I guess over 55 we didn't have anybody, which of course is ridiculous.
Because in our poll, we got a lot of old cockers out there like me. A lot of eight
K's. What? There's more damn pages and more damn numbers and more stapling and
poaching around. What we just, there we go. Here's my last staple. Don't send me any
moe. Oh no, the PO that was all the access for it. We're done.
So let's see what they have across the street in midday. We had a four five in
person's 25 to 54 about a nine share and men and IOD had a two four to a two seven.
Not so great. Not bad. Third time for 16th. Considering what they got on the
ear, that old toad and that includes a rush to by the way includes large ass.
Hop a couple more large ass. We're actually a one three to one nine. They made a
little move there midday. Jorge Sedano. He's kicking ass his own. And in the
afternoon three to seven PM, radio on more is number one in person's 25 54.
Everybody wear their diaries for radio on more. Oh boy. What a joke. Radio on
more. No speaking the English. How one or five number two. Coast is number three in
the afternoon in persons. Nobody else we care about in the first page. How did magic
do in the morning? Well 25 54 is their demographic. 94 plus now is their new
demo. How do they do in the morning? Now that Ricky Tiki is gone. They went from a
one three to a two eight. Oh wow. No, that's not that's not them. They went from a
one nine to a two six. That's not good. In the afternoon, radio on more like I
said, let's get to where we are. Big had a three four persons 25 50. We're WQL
and from a three out of a two seven. See what I mean? Just a little dropage all
along the way in that. Where we where we are going.
I'm raising. Q a m three out of a two. So I'm looking for wax. You know two
under a two three. They went up to the labaster. Went up just a touch just to
get the wax out of the lab. So I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax.
I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax.
I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax.
I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax.
I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax
I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax
I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax
I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax. I'm looking for wax
Yeah, I'm a guest man, you're fairly
And if you try to mess you up, just sign your normal word to me
Cause I'm a guest man, yeah I'm a guest man
And now my everybody's for those who try to guess me
When you come to guess just close your eyes, guess me
Cause I'm a guest man, yeah I'm a guest man
And you're working for no one but me
1045 at 560 WM we got jerks at 2, we got them E and add dogs show at D'Areal at 4 o'clock till 7
Dolphins all asses at D'Areal, 7 or 9, none of the A's show and I'm midnight
You know I'm thinking about the 55 plus people, that of course many 18 plus is only the men
But which candidate are they all in favor of the older folks, most of them?
Swallery, okay? So maybe that's what kind of chase them away
I'm just thinking, trying to rationalize cause otherwise why would we do so well?
You know what I'm saying? Or maybe they just didn't give the virus, I don't know, that could be
Well you know how that goes, you know how does that go?
Look of the draw, it's whoever gets your diary, you know, you can get a kiss or a kick
Kiss? Yes, yes, yes, do anybody care? I don't care
Here's that poll again, what city or country do you want to visit that you've never been to?
We have 104 votes, I bet your Chris is real happy on his first day back after his lengthy illness
Oh yeah I'm sorry, I'm sorry
Now let's see, you worked on Wednesday, didn't you? Yeah
Just yesterday you were gone, then we had Josh Cordis begging about, oh wait it's my check
He had some good food though man, that ocean's 234 that was excellent
If you know something we sold those out in less than 30 seconds, it says 13 minutes I think on the thing there
But that's cause it took them long enough to verify him
But before the first bit ended when it came back it was already sold out, aren't you proud?
Very proud
And George said the food was fantastic, it was
Tell me a bit about that potato thing with a cheese, oh god I should have written the name of it down
What?
I should have written the name of the dish down
Potato, potato, a gratiné or something like that
Not our gratiné, yeah, it's something like that
It's a great teeny smell, it's like your wini, yeah
Right, just ask for it, well it was like potatoes are gratin, like we love it but then with this
We have the idea how much our love potatoes are gratiné
I should need a milk because it's caramel, maybe
If you love it half as much as I do then I love it twice as much as you have
No you don't
But the best thing about it is that it's baked with this like smoked bacon crust on top of it
Which is what puts it over the top
The whole thing is like the smokey bacon flavor with the cheese
I don't want to hear about it, I can't stand it
That is something that I just am crazy about
Exactly what we're describing there
And I don't think the audience too because once you started talking about that
Those certificates went like they did like a nice-dew butter
Like somebody I know would say
A nice-dew butter
What city or country do you want to visit that you've never been to is our poll question
Today it's going to stay on it till George and Christy side were there
I'm leaving it noon by the way, the Joe Bell likes it or not
Okay, I don't hear to have a problem with it
Why?
I hear to have a problem with it
Nobody's here
Allocins and charges of the whole building
Yeah
Well I wouldn't say we did all that great in this thing but you know we'll take a picture
Especially the station overall in men
Of course that's not meant 25 to 54 maybe 25 to 54 men
The station overall is like you know number 10 or something I don't know
What city or country do you want to visit that you've never been to
See all the numbers man all the numbers it's smoking mirrors
It's not a real show it's a smoking mirrors baby
I like that old fart to come in here and sit down in this chair and talk for four hours off the top of his ass
Every single day five days away
Yeah, he couldn't talk for five minutes off his ass
Miserable old koot I hope that a bunch of vermin invade your ass
Rome 204 a wonderful place man
There's so much to see so much grateful to eat so many beautiful people do I mean do it hang out with
Amsterdam 163
Right better hurry up like I told you get on a KLM today this weekend for sure and get over there and do the Dutch
Or do the tourists is a better idea there won't be nobody there now
Well maybe there might be Mark's own plus its spring break
Now is it spring break there?
Ah the first week of April
Because today is the first day of what they call here March break which is the same thing
And they see the airport is going to be jam packed it's going to be oh Jesus
How do I do that?
In the morning we turn to clock so I head now or don't forget when you go to bed tomorrow night at two in the morning
Stay up till two in the morning
You know there are people really stupid enough that they got it
They go to bed like a 10 or 11 and they set the alarm and then at two o'clock they wake up and they set the clock at like somebody's checking
Right well
The clock police you know what happens if you don't
The turn near your clock ahead police
You'll be an hour off for the whole rest of the year if you don't do it
New Zealand 134, China 84, Havana 74, Paris, Gaperi 56, Vancouver 55, Berlin 53, Ochteliver
London 44, Spain is Spina 41, Sweden 40, Brazil 37, Israel 28, San Francisco 28, Toronto 24, Boston 22, Chicago 20, Copenhagen 18
Don't waste your time, not anymore
Unless you want to go see that little amusement park what is it called in Copenhagen?
Detailed gardens
Like all these it's like a miniature Disney World
Like the little apputions invaded there like everything and everybody's like two inches tall
Copenhagen 18, Peru 17, New York 17, everybody's been to New York
Jamaica 10, Bahamas 9, Colombia 9, Mexico got up to 9 after a very bad start
NLA 8
Speaking of Mexico by the way my friend who's on Mexican times says I'll see you in the lobby of 1230 is that okay?
He's on Mexico time was supposed to be noon but 1230 which would be an improvement for him
Any bets you want to take up odds on that?
That's right
I think maybe I'll leave without anybody else you know
Hey, it gets to be 1230 if that little big hand hits the bottom of the hour it gets to be 1230
I'm just happy no?
No, Kevin taken off
The train leaves when the train leaves
That's right
Keep in mind these are people who missed the train twice in Montreal a few months ago
Yeah, the same day
You know time is a flexible thing sometimes 12 o'clock 1230 that happens at different times that's a tweak set
Yeah that's what he said before they suspended his ass and put him on overnight are you aware of this Chris?
Huh?
He knows
You're not aware of the tweak suspension?
Yeah I know about it
And well what's your take on it?
What's the story?
He showed up one day at five to two
Yep, the thought was told
And evidently, you know, Clarence got poked about it and probably Jerks wasn't too happy about it either
Now that kid's just a disaster
What's all the Jerks bringing with him for? I don't understand
I could understand bringing somebody like George with me because George at least, you know, shows up
Right
But I was showing some of the offers
What are sorts of perverse crap you know
The legal stuff
I can tell turn
But twerks I mean can't even tell what time it is
More on you wonder why I can't get the brain show started on time?
If you can't show up on time I was going to start the show on time
But I think we need to have an inquisition about that because you know it's fall to the end
That guy's between hours
That's right, we're always going to his earballs at two o'clock, man
GOP presidential candidate Ron Paul
Are you afraid to Ron Paul Neal?
Yeah
Is hinting to supporters that he's finally ending his long shot campaign for the presidency
He's a little slow on the upchuck
The Texas Republican Congressman addressed supporters in a seven and a half minute video on his campaign website last night
Didn't specifically say he was quitting the race though but the thought is like you know somewhere in the recesses of his mind
He said that although victory in the conventional political sense is not available in the presidential race
Many victories have been achieved due to the hard work and enthusiasm of supporters
I can't name any now but
He said that he hoped one day he and his supporters could look back and say his campaign was a significant first step
That's it will change in direction for the country
Paul said their job now is to plan for the next phase of their effort
The video didn't explicitly say that Paul was dropping out of the race
Although it's mathematically impossible for the long shot candidate to overtake
Or AE ain't going to overtake anybody
Why did they bother saying this?
He's got you know a handful of delegates
Six over here, seven over there
And the video Paul didn't use the words drop out
And he said to say the campaign is winding down
And encourages supporters to still cast force form
But he referred to his campaign in the past tense
Paul encourages supporters to continue the revolution but stresses it can't simply be about him
He also plugged his new book the Revolution I manifesto
Talk about a quiet revolution
So what do you think about those numbers?
I think we'll have to accept that
I think the 2550 Vormen are going to be okay
Well, you know, I think you got a what?
We'll have to accept it right?
And it's just the trend
I understand but January is there it's locked in
So it's one of the three months of the wonderful book
So what's your observation of that?
I'm sure it comes through when I wire a lot I mean listen a lot
I'm wired
That's right we won that's what they say
Over Channel 7
I'm wired
Oh again the same thing
I'm wired
I'm wired
I'm wired
We call it that
Brian Andrews, hey Brian
Too farry
Senator Barack Obama raised Barack Obama
raised $55 million in February's campaign reported yesterday
They're setting a record for political fundraising in one month
55 million baby I'll take it
The amount far outpaces the 35 million is rival
Senator Swarrow Clinton raised over the same period
The Illinois Democrats set the previous record raising 36 million in January
And he beat it he just demolished it
36 million in January 55 and in February that's what we need to do in the trans man
Whatever we've gotten January we need to almost double it
In February then they will fear us
The campaign said 727 and almost 728 thousand donors contribute to the campaign in February
More than half of them were first time contributors
The majority of the money 45 million was raised online the campaign said
More than 90% of the donations were under 100 bucks and more than half run to 25
Less than a million dollars of the funds raised in February can only be used if Obama receives his party's nomination to campaign
Said all the rest may go toward campaigning in the primary season
The Clinton campaign has been raising $3 million a day since their victories on Tuesday
The two campaigns yesterday sure they were ready to use the campaign
Funds to battle for every delegate as they plan to events in states that rarely show up on the Democrats political radar
Like Wyoming for example
Wyoming a Saturday and what's the one next to the Tuesday there's another one what is it?
Mississippi he's going to kick her ass in both of those men
In fact, they're predicting that in those two he may win back as many delegates as he lost all together last Tuesday
Which he had her big wins. You don't know how to hire Rhode Island in Texas
Although he's still winning in the Ocacas and Texas and they're still counting the votes
That thing is so screwed up and all kinds of allegations of impropriety and cheating and this and muscling and dog
National primary one day maybe have about a three month campaign like January, February and March and then like the first Tuesday in April
Have a national primary election everybody votes on that day and that's it!
Finito!
Instead of this like it's like a financial endurance contest
Who can raise the most money to stay alive the longest and who can endure all of the slings and arrows the longest and make up the most
Of stories the most fairy tales as bubble would say fairy tales
You fairy!
In a tight race every delegate is critical in the Clinton campaign Thursday to smash Bubba to campaign for his wife and Wyoming
Which holds Democratic caucuses on Saturday
Both Democratic candidates are scheduled campaign of Wyoming today
The Wyoming party will divvy a pro delegates based on the caucus results
Clinton was headed Thursday to Mississippi which holds its primary on March 11 next Tuesday
Mississippi's got 33 delegates at stake and a big black population Mississippi
He has got to beat her sideways to hell in Mississippi
Obama planned to spend the day in his hometown of Chicago today planning his campaign strategy with the staff
The two candidates are separated by less than 100 delegates
CNN estimates with Obama currently leading 15, 20 to 14, 24, 96 delegate lead
And of course the closeness of the delegate races put the controversy over other Democratic party handles the Michigan and Florida delegations back in his spotlight
She wants him! She wants Michigan especially!
Because he didn't have any opposition there, she knows damn well that they're not going to sit still for that to be like a revolution if they try to pull that crap
By the way, don't forget to urge them leaving it noon
Just for the white!
The best of that fear!
The white!
The white!
The white!
The white!
The white!
The white!
The white!
The white!
The white!
The white!
The white!
Bush doll!
This channeling little character from the Pennsylvania Avenue Beltway gang will laugh at anything you say
Tell all George W. Sirpluss is all tried out in hell laugh!
Tell him his military couldn't fight a Boy Scout jamboree on a warm summer day and he can't help but laugh!
And you're laugh too as the stickily Bush doll puckers his face to one side and wiggles his ape-like ears uncontrollably
Tickle me Bush is sure to be the biggest thing since the Al Gore grows a beard gee-a-pat
You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll kiss 49.99 goodbye with the tickle me Bush doll
Every Republican household is sure to have one if you like now
10% of every doll sold will support stem cell research, the Missile Offential and Alaska oil drilling
He's got a-he's hysterical, he's got ape-like ears
It's the tickle me Bush doll!
Nails sold in stores were the guns ammo and NRA propaganda are sold
It's 1102 at 560 W.C.A.M., so in other words the guys across the street sucked when they went up a little bit in each state park
But just, not enough to make any impact, you know?
I don't-in this trend and we had like, I don't know, not the best but not the worst certainly although we, uh...
I don't know what to make of it
How do we do so bad in many 18 pluss and then so good in 2554?
That's all we care about 2554, thank God, that's what everybody's moments is based on
That's what the advertisers buy on, you know?
Nobody wants a bunch of old farts like me
Who the hell would want that?
Right
Now let's see, we got 58 minutes left that I'm counting
I'm sure that everybody, you know, everybody in the world
Same about that when it comes vacation time mentally
A couple of days ahead you start moving, you're not really even very, you know?
And then when it gets to be the day, the day that my bag is packed
And you'll be very proud of me, I got my shirt on, I got my pantaloonies on, I put them on during this last break
Yeah, real proud
And I'm gonna put on my socks, even my socks, the ones with no elastic on top, you know?
My socks can choose, through pea socks, around 1130 and then I'm gonna zip down there and nuin' sit on my ass and lobby for half an hour
What?
Just take your time, man
I'm not gonna go running around at my age, I'm gonna go rushing around today
Yeah, well what's the point?
Exactly, just because there's gonna be 80 million people in here, it's one of the busiest days of the year in here with March break
And there's gonna be 80 million people in every line
Oh, you need travel in business class even though you're paying through the nose, that's one of the big advantages
If you have to check in, is that there's not those long, I mean like 700 people online and some of those other lines you think
What are these people thinking of? And they're schlepping 800 bags like they're taking their life possessions with them
Travel light baby, travel light
The shadow of the 9-11 September terror attacks is the Eclipse Impress Freedom and other constitutional safeguards in the US
Associated press, a president and CEO Tom Kurly said yesterday
Kurly, I wonder if he knows
What's become clear in the aftermath of 9-11 is how much expediency Trump safeguards Kurly said and remarks prepared for the annual dinner of the radio and television news director's foundation
Congress steps back from its Constitutional role of executive oversight, civilian oversight of the military wanes, adjusted to prominent and tripped the laws in ways that extend police powers, more drastically prisons are established in places where government and military operatives circumvent due process or controlled trials, Kurly said, and accepting the foundation's First Amendment Leadership Award
It said moments like these when a free press matters most, he said, what's that gonna happen again?
Kurly was selected for his role in pushing for more openness and government and for emphasizing reporting on First Amendment issues
That includes efforts by the AP to establish the Sunshine and Government Initiative, a news media coalition that presses for strengthening freedom of information laws and for greater government openness
Also receiving First Amendment honors from the Foundation Thursday were CBS Newscores spotted Bob Sheeper who would just look a day over 400
NBC Universal Vice President Paul Amattison, a special award also recognized from RFCC Chairman Richard Wiley
You know what they say about anybody from the FCC, hubbman Dread
Now what are you gonna do about the poll, guys?
Look at all those, wow, look at that up there in Northern Florida, man, Tallahassee, I sure hope Clarence doesn't have to fly through all that weather, he'll never make it
Look at all those yellows and reds and purples and wow
You see that?
Nope
That's because you're not watching the MCNN, that's all my guy
I think you're gonna blow Jacksonville right off the mat, but that's all way up north
You people in South Florida don't get all the presses because yesterday was like the end of the world, in some places
Guess who the Rolling Stone, Rolling Stone magazine is never before endorsed a candidate during the primaries, only after the nominees were selected?
Guess who they endorsed?
Hillary
No
A new hope by Jan Wiener in the Rolling Stone
Is that Jan or Jan?
J-A-N-N, what would you say?
Jan
Jan?
Yellow
Hi Jan
The tides of history are rising higher and faster these days, read them right and write them or be crushed
And then along comes Barack Obama with a kind of gift that appeared in politics but wants every few generations
There's a sense of dignity even majesty about him and underneath that he's lies a resolute discipline
It's not just that he's eloquent with the ability to speak to both you and to speak for you
It's that he has a quality of thinking and intellectual and emotional honesty that's extraordinary
I first learned about Barack Obama from a man who was at the highest level of George W. Bush's political organization through two presidential campaigns
He described the first term senator from Illinois as a walking, HOPE machine
It told me that he wouldn't work for any Republican candidate in 2008 if Obama was nominated
He challenged me to read Obama's autobiography, Dreams for My Father, the book was a revelation
Here was a man who's honest about himself and understanding of the human condition are both deep and compassionate
Born to a white mother and an African father he was raised in multiracial Hawaii and for several years in Indonesia
He drifted through some drug-eating age years, no apologies, before merging as a star at Harvard Law School
He chose to work as a community organizer in the projects in Chicago rather than join the wealthy insider world of corporate law
And as a young adult he searched in the distant villages of Kenya for the father and family he never knew
As I read all of this so elegantly written my mind kept rolling over might it be possible? Is there some fate by which we could have this man as president of the USA?
Throughout the primaries during a visit he paid to our offices we've come to know Barack Obama, his toughness and grace
He would not be intimidated if he declined to back down with Senator Clinton called him frankly naive for his willingness to meet leaders of hostile nations
When one of our top campaign officials tried to smear him for his earlier drug use he didn't equivocate or backtrack
On the matter of experience of capabilities running impressive nearly flawless campaign won that whoop the merke as most hard-boiled political infighters
Indeed Obama was far more prepared to run a presidential campaign from day one than Senator Clinton and at no point did he go negative with personal tax or character assassination
As much as they might have been justified they didn't even seem tempting to him
Obama has emerged by displaying precisely the kind of character in judgment we need in the president
We now see the politics of fear speaking frankly in the most pressing issues facing the country and sticking to his principles
He recognized that running for president is an opportunity to inspire an entire nation
All this was made clearer by the contrast with swelter-reclinton the capable and personable senator who's run the kind of campaign that reminds us of what makes us so disproved about our politics
Her campaign certainly proved her experience didn't count for much she was a bad manager and a bad strategist who naturally and easily engaged in the politics of distraction, privatization and personal attack
She never convinced us that her vote for the war in Iraq was anything other than a strategic political calculation that placed her presidential ambitions above the horrifying consequences of the war
Her calibrated course corrections over the past three years were painful like John Kerry who also voted for the war while planning a presidential run it helped cost her that goal
Although Obama declined to attack her personally for her vote in the war in Iraq, he did call it devastatingly enough a clear demonstration of her so-called experience in judgment
He's also spoken for spoken forcefully about the need to break the grip of lobbyists and at a time when Clinton is the largest recipient of drug company donations of anybody in Congress
Clinton couldn't address this issue at all and neither will John McCain who's equally a player in Washington's lobbyist culture
Obama also did not sub Republican campaign a fear early in the campaign John Edwards took the lead calling the war in terror campaigns slogan out of policy
Obama rejected the subtle imagery of false patriotism by not wearing a flagpin in his lapel and he dismissed the broader notion that the Democratic Party had a find a way to buy this entire load of fear-mongering war on terror bolshmit to out Republican Republicans
and must become a description Hillary Clinton's macho posturing on foreign policy little more than voice-chainy light
The similarities between John Kennedy and Barack Obama come to mind easily the youth, the magnetism, the natural grace, the eloquence, the widthy intelligence, the new hope, the hope of a new generation
But it might be more to the point of view while Obama is Lincoln-Eskon is on origins as a bride in what history now demands
We have a deeply divided country driven apart by economic policies that have deliberately created the largest income disparities in our history with stunning tax breaks for the wealthiest and subsidies for giant industries
The income of the average citizen is stagnant and his quality of life continues to slowly erode from inflation
When bittered and hobbled by the unnecessary and failed war in Iraq, we've been worn down by long years of fear and hate-filled political strategies, assaults on constitutional freedoms and levels of greed and citizens that, once seen for what they are, no people of moral values or ethics can tolerate
A new president must heal these divides, must it long-lasting face the hypocrisy and inequity about president and government handouts to oil giants, hedge fundbearers, agriculture combines and drug companies
At the same time, new president must transform our lethal energy economy, replacing oil and coal in the ethanol, fraud with green alternatives and strict rainforest preservation and tough international standards before the planet becomes inhospitable for most human life
Although Obama has been slow to address global warming, I feel confident that his intelligence and morality will lead him clearly on this issue
We need to recover the spiritual and moral direction that should describe our country and ourselves. We see this in Obama and we see the promise he represents to bring factions together to achieve, again, the unity that drives great change and faces difficult and inconvenient truths and peril
We need to send a message to ourselves in the world that we truly do stand for like liberty and the pursuit of happiness and electing an African-American. We also profoundly announce an obvious and violent in our national character that have been further stoked by our president in these last eight years
Like Abraham Lincoln, Barack Obama challenges America to rise up to do what so many of us long to do to summon the better angels of our nature
That's the Archimedes in Rolling Stone by Jan Wenter, New York, they endorsed Barack Obama. How do you like that? And of course, you know who we're rolling stone, people under the age of 100
Don't worry them, do you? No, well, a few, not enough, but I'm a white man
You're working on a table, working on a vacation, you know, it's a little much, 49 years, not that I'm telling you on this issue, I will be back for it later
A U-Bass do purposes campaign is to build for the future, not just to focus on 2008, it's to build alternative parties, build new democracy, involve more people
Here comes another presidential comment maker says that he's known as a mobile renter taker, we really put a statement to the rest of the world later, hey, well, the neither
As I get things done, I've got a 40-year record here in Washington, big money and the closing down of Washington against citizen groups prevents us from trying to improve our country
I want everybody to have the right and opportunity to improve their country
We lose your government, you've got to go into the electoral group
10-10 years as consumer advocate, now we're running in the race and defending real estate, we'll let it come home, we'll never be any taker, pay, well, the neither
All right
1117-5, see, look at that big swath of crap just cutting right across the northern part of the state, you see that from the panhandle?
Over across, huh? What child's the weather channel on this thing here?
Why do you want the weather channel? Let's go to CNN, man, they got the map, they're severe weather, they got the map
The map, the map, you see it? Stay north, you see the greens and the red and the yellow earth
Well, it's going to the northeast, man, it's going to my parade, I think I've been playing it and then it's going to North Carolina and knock your house down
Good, no, it's not
It's going through a Jordan, look like Savannah, it's going to knock all in golf courses right all the hell in a handbasket, won't that be bad?
I mean, the world without golf courses, right?
Right
I wouldn't be surprised if they were found at Lannis, there would be a big golf course
I bet it
When you think? Sure, all those ancients
Didn't the Scots invent golf, those Scottish, those silly people who were the kilts, why did they pick up that?
They picked up that? They picked up that? They're just keeping mine to Scottish invented golf, the same people who eat hangus
Ooh, Jesus, Jesus Christ
The General Assembly, oh this is in I see, this is in Frankfurt, Germany, I see
The General Assembly violated the state constitution and appropriated $10 million to the University of Cumberland's very pharmacy building
Oh, no, this is in Frankfurt, Kentucky, I knew it, see I got confused there for a second, because I knew this was a US story
And then it said Frankfurt, but it's felt FORT
Frankfurt, Germany is with the U, ain't it? Yes
Don't ever go there by the way, it's a horrible place
Of all the places in Germany that I've been to, that's you
Hamburg was okay, beautiful by the way, lots of parks and greenery and lakes and Hamburg was beautiful
Berlin is phenomenal and Cologne is spectacular, but Frankfurt was like not even like Germany, was like Northern Algeria
Very strange people, strange and kind of a schmutzie place, you know
But anyway, this is Frankfurt, Kentucky, that's why I got a little bit confused and you would do it, wouldn't you?
Okay, what do you know? Nothing
You just don't get around enough because you do not pay me the kind of money that they ought to be paying
That's the problem and of course a lot of these cutbacks coming out
Yes
The General Assembly of Kentucky violated the state constitution and appropriated $10 million to the University of Cumberland's for pharmacy building
$2 million for a pharmacy scholarship program in 2006 a judge be ruled in yesterday
In an 11-page order that can be appealed, retired Frank then circuit judge Roger Crittenden ruled a summary judgment that there's no question that the appropriation of $10 million to the University
To construct a pharmacy building is a direct payment to a non-public religious school for educational purpose
This type of direct expenditure is not permitted by the Constitution of Kentucky he'd be writing
Concerned money for the pharmacy scholarship program Crittenden said the legislature violated a section of the Constitution
when he used the budget builder when I'd take permanent program
These far-bisoned lawyers, man, all these far-bisoned religionists, they're the ones that are messing up the whole world
Forget about the money you grabers, that goes without saying that's nothing new
And either is the other one either I guess
All the religious, all the Getskis, man, they're the ones that are screwing it all up
Because they want to keep imposing and keep coming into back door, you know, sneak in all their crap, all their bubble-mises
And forcing you to subsidize it and buy into it
The legislations appropriation occurred a few weeks ago before the University of Cumberland's kicked out Jason Johnson
A junior from Lexington because he stated on a website that he is gay, gay, how do you like that?
This court does not need to decide this issue to reach a decision in the case
But this is exactly the entanglement between government interest and religious institutions that they can tuck in Constitution prohibits Crittenden said
They kicked him out because he's gay
Near the end of the 2006 General Assembly, Senate President David Williams earmarked the money to the University from Cole Severance Tax Receipts
Republican from Berksfield, David Williams, he said the appropriation was justified because his part of the state needs a pharmacy school to address a shortage of pharmacists
The plaintiffs in the lawsuit include Reverend Albert M. Pennybacker of Lexington representing the Interfaith Alliance, the Jefferson County Teachers Association, and the Kentucky Fairness Alliance representing lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgendered people
The plaintiffs filed suit in April 2006 arguing that the state appropriation was illegal under Kentucky's Constitution
Later, 13 Republican state legislators joined the University as defendants in the case
The order listed Governor Steve Bashir in his official capacity as governor as a defendant replacing former Governor Ernie Fletcher
A news release from the University called the decision disappointing and said it would take several days to consider and appeal on the future of the pharmacy school
Do you understand this story? What does this have to do with the fact that they kicked the kid out because he was gay?
I don't know. Do you understand it? It's convoluted, baby, it's complicated and convoluted and it's in Frankfurt
And there ain't nothing like a good Frankfurter.
Nathan's.
Who?
Am I right?
Yeah.
Nathan's over what right else?
That would have been onions, man.
And that's another thing.
You talk about macaroni and cheese being cooked like not too, it's got to be a little crisp
Like lasagna.
Now that potato thing you got yesterday from Ocean 2, 3, 4 was that like a little crisp on the outside baked?
It was baked, it was baked dish.
Oh, so like a casserole.
Mm-hmm.
But like in the same thing with us right here and not us, your my are there.
Horrible, they're for glam.
I would Nathan's.
They got to be, they have to be cooked enough so that they're like splitting open a little bit.
Not completely burst open, you know.
So that the guts are falling out.
You don't want to see the guts from your wiener falling out.
The guts from me, you know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
Probably most people don't give much thought out of cook their wiener.
Maybe you could do a whole show on that while I'm on vacation.
Start it.
You're doing on vacation in 12, 30 minutes.
Mm-hmm.
I got my socks and my shoes sitting here on the floor ready to, ready to adorn my feet.
All right.
Soon.
Soon.
Oh brother, when you realize now that this year for whatever reason, I don't know.
I have no idea why.
Because right now, I would take a vacation in February.
Did I take one?
No.
When's the last time I took a vacation?
Right, that Christmas thing.
Remember?
Right.
We swapped out.
You did Christmas week and I did the one earlier in December and everybody was happy.
I mean, what hell do I need to be taken out of Goi's holidays?
I don't mind taking off like on president's day, stuff like that.
Or on Martin Luther King Day, or on Flag Fag Day.
You know, since we got holidays to appease everybody else, don't you think we ought to have a national date?
Holiday?
Yeah.
Like, uh...
Oh, yes it was on biography last night speaking of, yay.
I can't even think of his name.
That real screamer of an actor that they thought was so good looking at.
What the hell was his name?
I don't know.
Yeah, you do.
My camera is clifped.
Okay.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Who thought he was going to look at?
Screamer.
Screamer.
And if you would have heard the tapes, the recordings of conversations he had with his brother.
Oh.
His brother was taping his conversations.
He had a light bulb had bigger than Leo and, uh...
And who was the other one?
David Niven combined.
Boy, the most bulbous forehead light bulb had I've ever seen in my life.
And a screamer.
All right.
I'll take your word.
Cutscene?
Nobody knew.
You know, except the people in insiders, you know, but the general public nobody knew.
But my camera clifped, you could be deaf dumb blind and have a one finger and still know that you could just know.
You could sense it.
A flamer.
I mean, not to do something wrong with that, but he was, he was like a Truman Capote queen, you know what I mean by that?
Oh yeah.
Really?
You got it, you really have it.
Oh geez, when I hit it, you know.
But the devil's sheep was.
This film sucks out.
Dying over here.
I'm dying over here.
He did big boozerman.
William Holden.
Yep, Holden.
William Holden the body.
Mm-hmm.
Monkey clifth.
Big boozers.
Also in the biography, they showed, they mentioned that James Dean kept calling him.
Allegedly because he was, you know, so enhanced with his acting.
I don't know what kind of acting that was.
He was very, he went very like bland and boring like Truman Capote.
Like a couple of steps better than Truman Capote.
Nobody could be that, you know.
That much of a screamer.
Except maybe...
I know!
That one.
Now, who was the one that hired him?
Was that Steve Nichol found him?
Was that...
Well, yeah, yeah, it always Steve Nichol.
Steve Nichol.
Well, he sure hired a...
A succession of real winners, didn't he?
Mm-hmm.
We had the sheep.
Oh yeah.
The sheep of Arabic.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Pineal y'all getting to better than that.
And the egg getting to better than that.
Pineal y'all getting to better than that.
It's just, I don't know, this business is just gone to hell on a hand basket.
And I would pull up to the station in the morning, especially in the wintertime, you know.
When it was dark late.
And there would be the lights would be off and Steve Nichol.
There would be like a thicker of a light, like a candle light.
And Steve Nichol's office, you could see from the parking lot at IOD.
Yeah.
And you could see the silhouette of him sitting there at that desk.
You know what I mean?
You know what I'm talking about?
I know.
Exactly, I'm talking about that.
I told you that was a strange dude, man.
An interesting part of it is he was a big improvement over boy Gary.
Well.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
I wonder what the Humber would think about that.
The Humber is gone.
I'm in the store.
Some of our numbers buy it.
What the heck is that?
What's the number that Steve is going through in the morning?
What is going through your 5.
Sixty-two AM.
I think it's a helpful return to three.
Fuck, 12.
Friday, you bastards.
I gotta start eating right.
Fuck, I can't get the time.
My glass of rock, I'm just going off the shot.
I'm going to fuck it.
Fuck it.
I'm not feeling too good.
I think I might buy the bar.
Hi, I'm Darryl Hall.
You know, even though my hair looks really good and I got a great bod and all the women really
love me, I got a problem.
Hi, cholesterol.
So that's why I ate this new, hollow note brand cereal.
Every taste is a little flaky safe just like my partner John.
Except they're bigger and they don't hold back my career.
Anyway, before you've lost that living feeling rock and roll with a healthy bowl of hollow note brand.
Hey, it's the only thing I like better than me.
Oh, child boy.
Add some milk and cheer up.
Try some home and old.
Be a brand eater.
Hall note brand cereal.
All right, there's just guns and raisins.
Oh, have a bowl.
Be a brand eater.
We're at Florida Terminator Warning, baby.
Up north, they're up by Jacksonville and up in the Nyanem's Velfare, up in northern part of the state.
We're watching for some of the tornado worms that we saw earlier in around the Gainesville area.
That has expired, but we still have them for parts of a Bradbury County clay jewell and as you can see,
just to the south of Jacksonville.
This is all part of a larger scale picture that we're watching at least till noon because these thunderstorms are just
riding into the from the Gulf of Mexico.
Look at that Gainesville is right in the middle of all the yellows and the reds in the thunder and the thunder and lightning.
And oh my god, you see that?
And the authorities are on a way to tell a Hasty for the UMFSU basketball game tomorrow afternoon.
Wow, that FSU no less.
What do we get on a weekend like a minus one?
At night on a weekend, I think we had a zero point eight or something like that.
Boy, we really.
When you start seeing numbers at the beginning with, oh!
That's what's going to happen with these new sports teams.
Oh!
And of course, Barry is saying, oh, well, people said it wasn't room for two sports stations.
Look how great they're both doing.
They're not doing so great across the street.
I think that Joel Feinberg knew when it was time to fly the coop, you know?
I think he knew when it was time to bail out, when it got bail out and quit.
Quit peeing away so much of daddy's money.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
And what are you going to do about the pool?
You guys, I know you don't care, but you're so indifferent that it's almost terrifying to me.
Oh, that's how the conversation began.
I like to change the pool right before the show so I can see it developing.
People can add things to it and they have the abiding chance.
Well, what does that mean?
In some other words, you can leave this one up there all weekend because the one that's on there now is the one that stays for the night.
I don't care.
Okay, it may sound like I care, but then again in 20 to 18 minutes, I'm leaving it noon on vacation.
I have some pole ideas that I'm saving them for next week.
In fact, when it gets to be 11.56, the matter of fact, when it gets to be 11.56,
the reason that the last break, the last four minute break, that before noon,
because once it's noon, it's all you.
You do understand.
I do understand that.
So that means 24 minutes.
Yeah.
Not that I'm counting you understand.
I'm going to talk about Langerado.
A new national intelligence estimate on Iraq, his schedule will be completed this month of Cornie West intelligence officials, but
leaders of the intelligence community have, and of course, Chris ain't feeling well enough to come up with a new poll.
Nope.
He's, you should have stayed home today.
I would have if I could have gotten someone to, no, everybody's gone.
Oh, in other words, what?
There's nobody here today.
Everybody's gone?
It's some holiday that didn't tell us about.
It's trend day.
I didn't know that was a company holiday.
No, there's something going on today.
There's some kind of a holiday.
Right.
I don't know what the hell in the village.
The website is way down and way down Yandra and New Orleans.
I don't know.
There's nothing to be a birthday.
Boom, boom, pretty cannon.
Well, leaders of the intelligence community have not decided whether to make it the key judgments public.
A step that caused an uproar when key judgments in an IE about Iran were released in November.
The classified estimate on Iraq is intended as an update of last summer's assessment, which predicted modern security improvements, but an increasingly precarious political situation there.
Does the number of those free hangs out in the situation room?
Yes.
Wow, we're in a situation room.
And, oh, God, he's such a jackass.
It's meant to be delivered to Congress before testimony, in early April, by Army General Patreus, Top US Commander in Iraq, and US Ambassador Ryan C. Crocker.
It will be a crock.
According to a letter said last week by Director of National Intelligence Mike McConnell, sent to Senator John Warner, Virginia.
Since the Iraq invasion in 2003, the intelligence community has been more cautious than the military and the White House,
in assessing political, economic, and security gains in Iraq.
And the worst progress has been a prominent issue in the presidential campaign.
Yeah, let's invade another country, and then we'll talk about the gains that we're making for bringing democracy, and how many of our stooges we can put in place there, and how many dead people, how many body parts can be floating around.
God!
How stupid can the public be? In other words, if somebody else does it, they're evil doers. They have no right to do this. Just like can nooks, you know?
We can have all the nooks we want. We can make the development of all kinds of new ones, which we're always doing.
But we're going to sit down. We're going to sit down. It's okay for Israel to have them, but if Iran or North Korea wants them, that's bad.
Because they're evil doers. They're the asses of evil.
I have to say it because it sounds very un-American, but sometimes I have a feeling that we may be the asses of evil, you know what I'm saying?
Back to them!
Right here.
Right at the moment, I think there's no doubt.
Paul Krugman in New York Times writes the anxiety election. That's what he calls it.
He says Democrats won the 2006 election largely thanks to public disgust with Iraq war, but polls in Hillary Clinton's big victory in Ohio suggested if the Democrats want to win this year they have to focus on economic anxiety.
Some people reject that idea. They believe the select should be another referendum on the war, and perhaps even more important they say about the way America was misled into that war.
That believed his one reason many progressives, fervently support Barack Obama and early war-opponent, even though his domestic platform is someone to the right of Mrs. Clinton's.
As an early war-opponent myself, I understand their feelings, but should and ought don't win elections and pull sure that the economy is overtaken in Iraq as the public's biggest concern.
True, the news from Iraq will probably turn worse again, meanwhile the hefty majority of voters continue to say that the war was a mistake, and people are angriest ever about the $10 billion a month wasted on the Neocons' folly.
Yet for the time being, public optimism about Iraq is rising. 53% of the public believes the US will definitely or probably succeed in achieving its goals, so anger about the wars likely to be decisive in the election.
The state of the economy on the other hand could well give Democrats a huge advantage, especially to be blood about it with white working class voters who supported President Bush in 2004.
Even at its best, the Bush economy left most voters unimpressed, only once in January 2007, to the slight majority of those questioned by USA Today Gallup poll to scramble the economy as excellent or good rather than only fair or poor.
A year later, only 19% of voters had a good word for the economy.
This collapse in economic confidence has occurred even though the full economic effects of the implosion of the housing market and the freezing of the credit markets have yet to be felt.
As more things fall apart, perceptions will only get worse.
All of this should work through the Democrats' advantage that can contrast the Clinton boom with the Bush bust, they can make the case that the Republican economic ideology with its fixation of privatization and deregulation help get us into this mess.
And John McCain can be ridiculed as the man who's declared on a number of occasions, he doesn't know much about the economics, only to insist straight talker that he is, they never said any such thing.
But first, of course, the Democrats have to settle on an nominee, and the shift in electoral focus from a rack to economic anxiety clearly plays to Mrs. Clinton's strengths.
According to Westwood polls, Mr. Obama nearly edged out Swallow Ray among Ohio voters who consider a rack the most important issue, but these voters cast 19% of the ballots in Democratic primary.
Meanwhile, Swallow Ray led by 12 points among the much larger group of voters citing the economy as the most important issue, and by 16 points among those who cited health care.
Swallow Ray's winning margin was twice as large among those who were worried about their own financial situation as those who weren't.
Their situation.
Why has Mr. Obama stumbled when it comes to economic issues, while on health care, which is closely tied to overall concerns about financial security, there is a clear substance of difference between the candidates, with the Clinton plan being significantly stronger.
More broadly, I suspect the Obama mystique has carefully crafted images of a transformational even transcendent figure, has created a backlash among those unconvinced that he's interested in the nuts and bolts of work of fixing things.
While Ohio voters were more likely to say that Mr. Obama inspires them, but more likely to say that Swallow Ray has a clear plan for the country's problems.
And Mr. Obama's attempts to win over workers by portraying himself as a fierce critic of NAFTA looked and was deeply insincere, and appearance especially costly for a candidate who tries to seem above politics as usual.
Thanks to Tuesday's results, the nomination fight will go on to Pennsylvania in April and probably beyond, and rightly so.
It's not clear that Swallow Ray like Obama has strong grassroots support that can simply be brushed aside, without alienating voters if the party will lead badly in November.
So the Democratic National Committee, better get moving on things, plans to do Michigan to floor it over to give the eventual nominee the legitimacy he or she needs.
And as the Democrats ponder their choices, they may want to consider which candidate can most convincingly ask, are you better off now than you were eight years ago?
Are you better off now than you were eight years ago, George?
Uh, in what way?
Are you financially?
Anyway, your life.
Yeah, uh, yeah.
Actually, he's not there screwing around. He's still smoking a good stuff. He's got a few Jamaican friends.
Why do you say that?
Look through it with the barbershop.
I had a Jamaican friend. He's the squareest human being you ever met.
Where are you?
Is that a thing out from Texas?
Yeah.
And the director of some of my best friends are Jamaican.
Though, a best friend is Jamaican. He's the only one I know. He doesn't smoke. He doesn't do much of anything.
Boring.
Yeah, really boring.
Is screw around?
No.
Ah, possibly one of the most boring human beings on the planet.
That's why life is that.
I don't know. Can't relate to it.
Jesus Christ, if you can't do drugs and get laid in the gamble, you're gutting the duels.
I don't even know why he's alive.
I don't even know why he was alive.
What's the point?
That's what my mother used to ask all the time. What's it all about?
Yeah, how's it all about? It's about fun.
I wonder if Alfie is dead. I think he is.
I remember Alfie from KAT. You would never remember?
No.
Way back. Mickey Danes, friend. He used to have a show on KAT. He was kind of an old guy.
Oh my God, when I stop and think of all the dead people, you know, that's bad.
I worked with Artsmith, the engineer, KAT, long since dead.
Joe Fried, the news director. Long since dead, I'm sure.
See, I'm saying these things, and I'm not positive about that. That would be bad.
Is it bad when you look at Catherine Harrison at plane, you know?
And Miss Fudge goes on, well, sure, he ought to be fired for putting out something like that.
You ought to be fired for putting Prince Harry's life in jeopardy, okay?
Just because he turned your faggot, he asked down, man.
You idiot. You perished out of your civil union cell.
I'm 2562 AM.
The sports leader.
Why the... you bastard.
The old man doesn't have a chance. He's John McCain.
And he just can't stop singing for you.
The girl and Ben once just like Cindy, Bobby is the bad guy with long blonde hair.
War. No good, crony, contract, spoil, spurred a deal with us to attend power,
and which is beyond our imagination. And an adult is just bad, that embassy to rival the billionaire's playground of Dubai.
That's what it's good for.
I'm John McCain, and I approve of sitting here with my simulated rice party cell,
and all that I had constructed in my basement for a whole time's sake.
Beware of eloquence, my friends, and don't let them sweet talk you into peace.
There's not much happening here. So let's wage war for 100 years.
Oh, right.
Bum bum bum bum bum.
16th of noon at 560 WQ. I'm leaving it in noon, by the way. If anybody wants to know...
Why?
Because I'm going on vacation. Georgia will be here. Georgia's going to talk about sex and drugs and perversion.
That's right.
Now listen, I just extrapolated it. See, I think Clarice's numbers that he faxed me that they must be wrong.
Those obmerkly, those monthly and many 18 plus, they must be way wrong.
Because I just extrapolated the number for the morning show.
And it comes up in January with a 1.2 share.
So we had a 2.6, but they had a 1.2. If, Clarice's numbers were right, which you got another guy can't be.
Can't be. Wouldn't be the first time, Clarice. Hey, Clarice.
Bum bum bum bum.
Sure, he doesn't get caught in that weather, man.
Sure, he doesn't get caught up in and miss all those tornadoes and the big blow there up in the middle part of the state.
Wow, that looks really nasty.
So let's see, what am I doing leaving in 10 and a half minutes? Nothing, I'm counting you on that.
No, they're not.
They would be really mailing it in and it would be a cop out. That would be very bad.
The audience would be really, especially that old guy.
You're mailing it in, Clarice. You're mailing it in.
You're sort of a bitch. You miserable, bastard. You faggot.
Yeah, too bad.
Okay, here's the oppose we got it right now.
And Georgia and Chris may pull a fast one on you and change this while I'm, you know, as soon as I went out the door.
Right.
Or not.
Or not.
I doubt it. Just leave it there.
You know, I would add Sicily to this list.
Okay, let's do that.
I forgot to do that yesterday.
Brandon wanted to put Coyleone Italy on there.
I'm not going to put Coyleone.
I mean, how many people are going to vote for Coyleone?
But Sicily, I'd like to go to Sicily.
I mean, I've been in Milan a couple of times, which I'm never going to go back there.
It's a boring and the food sucks.
I've been to Bologna.
Four and several times, of course, a Roman million times.
And that's it.
I've never been to Sicily.
When you like to go there and like walk through the hills of Coyleone, absolutely.
What city are country you want to visit that you've never been to?
Roll my 210.
You walk by the Colosseum to keep thinking about, oh my God, that's where they fed those Christians to the lines.
It's just not enough of them.
That's what I think.
That's why now here we are all these 2,000 years later and it's a Goyissia belt.
That's the problem, baby.
Just ask the Pope, he'll tell you.
Amsterdam 171.
New Zealand 144.
What is the big attraction with New Zealand?
It's remote, it's nice, it's clean, there's mowries.
We never put our stride on here.
Why don't we put our stride?
Okay, let's do it.
Because I heard it's New Zealand.
What?
It's no New Zealand.
How do you know that?
Well, I haven't been to either one, but I think what you taught me pictures.
I think you're talking to your aunt.
New Zealand has mowries and Australia has aborigines.
China 88, Havana 75.
Incredible.
Paris 57, Vancouver 56, Berlin 56.
The Vancouver thing, I think, is a weed thing.
I could be wrong, it's beautiful, I'm told.
London 47, Spain 42, Sweden 42, speaking of beautiful.
Wow.
Brazil 37, Israel has got...
About 30 men.
San Francisco.
About 30 men.
Time between Israel and San Francisco.
I guess you'd probably say in Israel there's probably a few more Jews and in San Francisco, a few more.
Gay.
Toronto 24, Boston 22, Copenhagen 21.
There's a 7-11 on every street corner now in Copenhagen.
I just saw a warning on that.
And the people are still as lovely as ever, man.
They are so pretty in the Danish.
There aren't that many of them, but boy.
They sure are pretty people, the Danish.
In fact, what's wrong with having a Danish breakfast?
Nothing.
Chicago 20, Peru 18, New York 17, Jamaica 11.
I wonder if that Jamaica plain or that Jamaica is in Jamaica, man.
Bahamas 10, Colombia 10, Mexico 10 and Los Angeles 9.
LA continues sucking wind in last place out of 1257 boats.
LA.
Who don't want to go there?
Who wants to see that place?
That one's very exciting place.
Although I will say this, it's still the only place I've ever lived or even visited.
Where the smell of fear was in here.
You know what I mean?
Really?
Oh, yeah.
It's really tough.
You could smell it in the air.
You'd say, I took my little rental car and I drove to some little strip shopping center.
And while I was walking back to the car, here was a guy trying to steal it.
I mean, there was only in the store for like five minutes, whatever I was getting.
And he's got one of those fake keys, one of those fits all sizes keys, I guess.
And he's like staring the diddling and then he sees me coming and he's just holding hands.
I was going to stop and ask no questions.
Hey, what are you doing there?
Hey, come back here.
Let's start.
Was my car with some stupid renta car?
I'm sure they're covered, right?
What would you do?
We'd chase the guy down and try to beat the whole lot of him.
Of course not.
Why not?
Because I didn't have to worry about the life.
Because you're smart enough that you want to see a lot.
If he was actually running off with something that I valued, then maybe I'd think about it.
Yeah, but somebody else's renta car, who knows about that.
It was a crappy little car anyway, you know.
This is back in the day.
Who held out any money back then?
I sure didn't.
Kiel Collins, I was going to read this yesterday and I didn't do it.
Do I have time to do it today?
Sure, I got six minutes less, seven seconds.
Kiel Collins, Hillary's Edge in New York Times.
She said it's all up to Pennsylvania.
Yes, folks over the next seven weeks, the amount of time it takes a normal country to conduct an international election.
We'll still be able to be obsessing about the critical upcoming Pennsylvania primary.
Harrisburg, you'll tune to the polka nose.
Did you know that in the polka nose, some hotels have bathtubs shaped like hearts or champagne glasses.
We actually pried on bringing that up a lot.
Of all the things that went right for Hillary Clinton on Tuesday, the Ohio primary win was most impressive.
Although Ohio wins politely tipped out of Hillary's more boring roundtable discussions,
they came to believe she could be present who would fix things no matter how complicated or frustrating.
The mere fact that she had the staying car to keep her eyes open, they felt was a good sign.
In response, the Obama campaign is reportedly decided to do far fewer exciting rallies and lots more mind-dumbing roundtable discussions in Pennsylvania.
Well, I'm sure I speak for every woman I say we're all releasing forward to that.
Ohio was great.
I don't know anybody who couldn't love a primary with a big scandal involves gossip about an after among Canadian diplomats.
And where in a critical strategic move Bill Clinton seemed to have been permanently reassigned away, lecture circuit in Chila Coffee.
The Texas primary results were much closer. The white male vote which keeps on shifting with split.
I began to suspect that the white males have realized they're either going to be accused of racism or sexism,
and therefore made a secret pact to take turns.
Well, what's the primary voting ended? There were some caucuses to choose the third of the Texas delegates.
Given the white counting is going, we should have the results sometime in 2009.
But the Clinton campaign instantly issued complaints about rule-breaking.
Numerous calls have shown that Obama supporters prematurely moved convention packets from polling places, etc.
That was truly unfair. People who never knew these caucuses existed before this week
did the best they could under ridiculous circumstances, including an innovative rule that no one in charge is in charge when the event begins.
The secretary is the first precinct captain who manages to take a leadership rule.
It's a little ambiguous to be totally honest that Alexander Bogg, graduate student, and an Obama captain at Matthew's Elementary School in Austin.
Inside hundreds and hundreds of voters are trying to squeeze into the caucus, which was held in a child-sized cafeteria.
There was a great deal of time to contemplate a poster listing cafeteria expectations, which were so wise I feel compelled to share a couple with you.
Eat your own food, keep your hands beaten objects to yourself.
The Matthew's Elementary voters got a temporary leader, May Schmitt, who actually seemed to understand the rules.
This is the only thing that spurred them from the fate of the voters at the library outside of Houston, where there are two and a half hours for the would-be leaders to figure out how to open the door and let people inside.
Schmitt had made way more coffees of the critical form than she had been allotted, avoiding the fate of many, many caucuses that ran out.
And she dispatched her daughter to negotiate with the general staff. They're opening up the gym. They don't like it, but they're opening, she said, now if you're Obama, hold up your hands.
The vast majority of the rooms started waving and making a hood of victory that sounded very much like the one that Spartans used in 300.
They held away people looking a little deflated, trudged off to the gym where they stood in line to register.
Meanwhile, they got a big special chair for an 87-year-old woman who had made her way to the school for caucus for Clinton, carrying her cane in a big flashlight.
I'm just about blind, so they have to help me. They've been real good about it, she said cheerfully.
Am I wrong in thinking this is above and beyond the call of duty? Cheer to Obama, who is caucus-king thanks to the way he's mobilized his ultra-enthusiastic supporters, that if I were a super-delicate force to choose between two attractive candidates, I look for the one who won the big primaries where people actually were encouraged to vote.
For now, it's all up to Pennsylvania in April until it's all up to Indiana, North Carolina, and May. This Saturday is the Wyoming caucus, but it's not all up to Wyoming.
Finally, on June 7th, it'll all be up to Puerto Rico until it's over, and we discovered that we're right back where we are now.
Then comes the kind of convention political report, political report is adreamed about, since we were little nerds in the third grade, writing essays on the electoral college.
It'll be August with nothing on TV, but Big Brother 23, and you'll have to listen to us.
Life is wonderful, and don't forget, each your own food.
Says Gail. Can you eat your own food?
What up? Or somebody else's?
You better watch it, because what happened to you the other day, but now I have a repeat performance today.
I think I'm clear.
Clear? After this morning?
Yeah. I want to get too graphic, especially lunchtime.
You don't want to go into a whole thing about Georgia's expatury.
Well, lunchtime is good.
Not to me, it does. One thing I don't like is eating a lot before I get into playing. You want to know why?
Why? That, because I don't like the way I think about it.
I don't mind going to take a leak into playing. No problem with that.
Do you feel like you don't want to do that sit down, business, you know what I'm saying?
No. Why?
You know exactly. I don't want to.
Where did you get sucked out of the play?
Oh, I just know those little tiny tea rooms, man.
God, I'm big enough about that.
You're sad ass like me, really.
Can you see Josh Freeman on the plane?
I don't want to see Josh Freeman in the period.
My God.
And once that damn...
Sweetie starts pouring under the door of the cathedral.
Oh, good God.
People start thinking there's like a terrorist act going on inside there or something like that.
Yeah, when he was in that place, that was like an act of terrorism.
He's just being there. You're right about that.
We still have the broken chairs to prove it.
Well, he's still across the street. Do we know Chris?
I don't know.
I want to waste this to speak, because he's feeling really...
Will you think what?
I believe he's still there.
He's still there.
You sound, you know, a little bit better than you did before.
You feel anything better? Nothing we really care.
No.
He feels better.
He feels better.
He's got the Krug, man.
Yeah.
Well, that's good though, because now you got the whole weekend.
You don't have to work this weekend, do you?
Sunday.
You sound so sick, sick, sick and just desperate.
Well, actually, I'm summing up the courts to feel bad for.
Well, I hope you feel better.
Thank you.
And I hope you guys come up with a real spectacular poll for Monday.
Now, I may be where I'm going.
I may check out Internet Cafe, you know?
And I may go on a website and see what's going on.
I'll be on the audio nice and make sure that you send courtes at least.
You know, head around with stories every day to make sure to keep him busy.
And earn that grand, I send him.
That's it.
He's blowing down there and the key is getting laid and getting drunk every day.
I'm not there.
I'll send him at least 20 a day.
What kind of a life is that?
Getting laid and getting drunk?
I've come to see everyone.
Bye.
The best out of here is my projects.
Bye, bye, bye.
You're a man.
Bye.
Forth is glitter.
If there was a law, it would be against it.
I'm about to know.
How you doing?
Better than lay out that life is now good.
I'm deeply depressed because it looks like Baroque can do it.
And Billy's blue.
It's such a shocker that my wife bluins.
He won't even make her the VP.
So now I'm stuck with Hillary.
On my fair come true, I rubbed my forleaf clover.
Prayed for some luck, but now it looks like her rob is over.
Thought I'd use my black book in DC, but now I'm stuck with Hillary.
It's not so bad.
Ben prayin' for sex and Alexis.
Well, where they am through.
But if my dear wife loses Texas, God forbid, I will be screwed.
Like far but have chickies in my bed, but she's still here with curlers in her head.
Thought it'd be a stripper, Jubilee, but I'm still stuck with Hillary.
But I'd be playin' cards with the guys.
Is she funny plays?
Lookin' Stelkeys in talent her lies.
Her skin is like an elephant's knee, and here I am.
Stock with Hillary.
She's racin' the slick Willie Mojo.
My friends are fair.
They're like the Jones, but I won't be sucking some sweet little things to.
Cause she's still here.
But she won't be workin' them for West Wing.
But let's provide guidance.
Which means that Willie won't have his fling.
She'll be right there, whenever I pay.
Cause I can't escape Hillary.
Anybody got the extra poison?
I feel your pain.
All those married guys do.
I could talk about situations, and then all the married guys would understand exactly what I'm talkin' about.
And people like you would not.
Maybe I will, maybe I won't.
But I want to talk about Langerado.
I actually at ties in with this whole thing.
This didn't get on the air.
Because I wasn't on the air.
Langerado, everybody's talkin' about it.
Here on this station, because what's it got to do with the smell?
The Fumunda smell.
Musky.
So this is going on since Thursday.
Now, to be on a radio station that did promotions regarding that.
I understand that Paul and Ron have an RV.
They were giving away.
You can be part of the RV.
I know somebody that won, as a matter of fact.
And is going to be enjoying the show from the comfort of an RV.
Not that I'm jealous of that.
I didn't think I was going to be going at all.
I had already written it off, and then Lee comes in yesterday.
Yesterday was such a good day, almost all the way through.
I don't think I can have a good day all the way through.
I don't think the gods are going to allow me to have a all the way to the end of the day, good day.
Not that they don't make up for it eventually.
And I just, I don't think I'm going to have one good day in a row in my life, ever.
But what's that got to do with Langerado? Something?
So Lee comes in. I thought that I wasn't going to be going.
And then Lee comes in. Lee, our promotions guy.
Flea, thank you, Flea.
Saying, hey, I got tickets for this Friday show.
I was only going to go for the Friday show.
See the Beastie Boys. That's all I was interested in.
The wife doesn't want to go with me. Do you want to go?
I got an extra ticket and an extra seat. I'm going anyway.
Great! Great! Let me clear it with the committee.
All the married guys understand this.
Let me clear it with the committee.
Has to have a committee meeting when you have a family.
Because you don't own yourself. You don't own your own life.
And here's the thing that the married guys will understand.
It really doesn't matter what the committee says.
Especially the head of the committee, the wife.
For the life of me.
I'm going to invent a mind-reading device for married men to use on women.
Shouldn't have to come to that.
Remember the Simpsons episode where Homer's brother played by Danny DeVito, the voice of Danny DeVito,
came back after Homer broke him and he invented the baby translation machine.
It translated what babies would say.
Babies would go,
and then it would tell you what the baby said.
Remember that?
I want something like that, but for women, wives.
Because it doesn't matter what they say.
The wife speaks perfect English. She's very smart.
She does well in Spanish.
She does better than she wants people to know.
So that she can eavesdrop, take advantage of the fact that people don't think that she speaks Spanish all that well.
But she was raised here. She's picked up quite a bit.
And now we know some sign language and everything too.
It doesn't matter what they say.
You can ask them a million times and they'll tell you,
yes, it's okay, yes, it's okay. It doesn't matter.
You need the machine that gets you into their head so that you can see what they're really thinking.
Because it's a trap.
They're setting a trap for you.
So I think I'm going to Langarado.
I think I have it all worked out.
But I'm not sure because I don't have a mind-reading device.
I won't know if it's okay to go to Langarado tonight.
Until I get back from Langarado tonight.
Regardless of what she says.
Okay?
I thought it was okay to go skating last night.
It wasn't.
I only asked five, six times if it was okay.
She said, every single time.
She's having some asthma problems right now.
I'm offering to stay home.
Offer to stay home.
Offer to stay home.
Offer to stay home.
Offer to stay home.
Offer to stay home.
Okay.
Stay home.
No.
I'll stay home.
No.
I'll stay home.
No.
I'll stay home.
No.
Are you sure it's okay?
Okay.
Are you sure it's okay?
I should take okay.
Guess what?
No.
It wasn't okay.
I thought I spoke English really well.
I was, you know, I was just explaining to somebody the other day.
Some of us, despite the reputation that you, uh, inbred, Gringo's, like to throw at the
spics out there.
Some of us attacked English with a zeal.
Wanting to learn it correctly, paid close attention in class, wanted to do justice to the language of the people that saved us.
Got great grades in English, got A's in honor's English, learned all the different words, developed a nice vocabulary, very proud of our English speaking skills.
It doesn't do you any good.
Doesn't do you any good at all.
When you're talking about the conversations that men and women are having with each other, what's the point?
What is the point of even having the conversation?
What is the point of, of, of, well, I was going to say, what's the point of a mouth on a woman?
Got an answer for that?
Just make up your own answer and just keep moving right along.
Just walk away.
So, I think I'm going to linger out of tonight.
And I think it's okay.
But I won't know until I get back if it was actually okay for me to go.
And all the married guys are nodding their head up and down right now.
They're going, oh yeah, man, I know.
Maybe, you know how they have those, like, they have thermometer tape now.
You put it on the forehead and it tells you the temperature.
They also have litmus paper for, for testing the acidity of things, you know, if it turns purple, it's acidic.
Whether it's basic or acidic, they have, like, the pregnancy test.
You pee on it, it turns a color depending on something like that.
I want to invent a yes or no meter.
Something that you can aim at a woman and there's a little, like, like, the VU meters that we have here at the radio station that are bouncing around while I'm talking.
If the answer is no, the needle will move to the left.
If the answer is yes, the, and so that you can find out exactly what the real answer is inside her skull.
So that you can avoid getting in trouble because there is no way to avoid getting in trouble.
Maybe that's the whole point. Maybe that's it.
Maybe that's the whole point of it all.
Do you ever think about that?
No.
The whole point is I just, I just want to bitch at you.
So it doesn't matter what I say right now.
It doesn't matter.
I'm going to bitch at you no matter what you do, no matter what I say now, no matter what you do as a result of it.
I'm bent, hell bent on bitching at you, I'm reducing you to a, to a blubbering blob of mush.
And that's my intent, that's my goal, and that's what I'm going to do.
So it really doesn't matter what you say.
It doesn't matter how many times you ask and it doesn't matter how many times I answer your frequent stupid question.
I'm going to rip into you, that's my plan.
I'm going to rip into you, whatever you do, I'm going to rip into you.
All the married men are nodding their head up and down.
And it gets me thinking, it gets me thinking about, you know, how we're brought up.
You know, a lot of people are really upset.
There's a lot of controversy about toy guns.
You know, some parents believe in giving their male children toy guns and some parents don't.
The controversy is, you know, you don't want to train your child to be violent.
You don't want your child to be raised to be a killer.
So why are you buying them toy soldiers?
Why are you buying them toy guns?
Why are you buying them these combat games?
Right? You've heard that before.
Yeah.
They make little dolls for little girls that cry on command.
You've seen these, right? They sell them.
I haven't seen them.
You haven't, I've sold them out.
You know, I have, I have daughters. They sell them. They play with them.
Little baby dolls. And you tip them one way and the baby doll cried.
A.
Hours of fun for the little girl.
Are you following that logic?
A toy that cries when you want it to.
And you know what they do? The little girls when they get their hands on such a toy?
They make it cry all the time.
And it's fun for them.
It's fun for them. It's like training them to have what's that syndrome,
that disease, a month house in syndrome by proxy where you torture your child and then
or do something to your child to get attention and something like that.
It's like training your little girl child to revel, to delight and making something cry.
And guess what?
They don't stop when they grow up.
QIAM HELLO.
Hello.
Is the pot on? I bet she's not.
Let's try it now.
Oh, keep nice talking to you. It's hot. It's too bad. It's too loud.
QIAM HELLO.
Yeah. QIAM HELLO.
Faggot.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey, I'm on the radio.
You're on the radio right now.
Why are you so nasty?
I'm on the radio.
I'm on the radio right now.
Why are you so nasty?
I mean, you ain't even getting in here.
I mean, you ain't even getting in here.
QIAM HELLO.
Hey, we're so good.
Tell me.
Why are you so nasty?
Good kidding.
I was just a...
I ain't so mad.
Hey, I...
Listen, I won't know how I'm doing until tomorrow morning when I get back from Langer out of it.
I won't know how I'm doing.
All right.
I just got out of work right now.
I'll tell you Monday how I'm doing. I'll tell you Monday how it went.
All right, it sounds good.
I just got to work now and the thing is that.
Are you talking about your wife together or something?
Oh, yeah, maybe.
I love you, honey.
She's been a sport.
She's letting me go to Langer out of it, I think.
All right.
You know what?
I listen to this show and that's the only reason why it's on 5.6.
And when I go to different centers working with elderly people.
And then when I get off, I like three.
I listen to a sportsman, that man.
He has to be the most annoying person on the screen.
Whatever.
It's all moot, man.
I don't understand the logic of talking about something you were all there for.
You know, assuming that it's fun to watch men play games and I understand for some people it is.
What's the point of talking about something you were all sitting in the same room watching together?
You know, hey, look at that.
Let's just discuss everything we saw happening altogether.
And then he gets a hyped up about whatever, whatever.
Whatever it is.
Six and one half dozen of the other.
And he's a ugliest monkey ever.
Oh, Jesus.
I knew it.
I just knew it.
QA hello.
Hey, George.
How are you?
What's up, buddy?
Chillin.
Langer out of it.
I need to go.
I got my survivalist.
What?
I said one thing about the Langer Aero Festival is that tickets are expensive, man.
For some of you.
Yeah, well, I see that's why I wasn't going to go.
I didn't have a hook up and then all of a sudden a hook up happened.
Well, one of the tickets that I wanted here was 90 bucks, man.
90.
I thought there were going for like 200.
Well, 200 and something for I believe is like two days plus the RB parking lot.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Now another thing is the way women work and this is the way I see that is the algorithm
to tell you you can do whatever you want, but you better make the right decision because
if you don't, then they know.
Yeah, I'm an old man now.
I've got experience.
I thought I knew how to speak English and then read the signs.
Read between the lines, you know, maybe a little bit of backyard amateur mind reading.
Dude.
There's no right answer.
That's the bottom line.
There's no right answer.
Why even try and see that's the thing?
It's like I'm just going to throw my hands up.
You know, that's when it starts working out is when you stop trying all of a sudden.
Hey, why you stop and try and the older old is you better know how to answer correctly.
It's not your dead meat man.
I thought I did.
Hey, now one more.
Hey, now one more.
You better take a number.
I'm an orange.
I got a slicker.
I got a slicker.
I'm full.
You got it.
George, have a good weekend.
All right, take it easy.
I'll try.
1214.
I'll let you know on Monday on 560 QAM.
Hey, how you dad?
This is Bob.
People have noticed that Bob is a lot happier.
Why?
Because Bob has found the secret to spending more pleasurable time with Mrs. Bob.
Is it because Bob made one phone call to Enzite?
No sir.
Bob's getting more bedroom enhancement thanks to work site.
The all natural way of working some so you can get some.
Bob's been doing the laundry, taking out the trash and vacuuming the carpet.
Yes, Bob's doing over things that really turn Mrs. Bob on.
Only problem is now Bob's too tired.
But that's okay because now Bob gets to be the one who just plays there.
Wouldn't it be great to be like Bob?
Then get busy with work site today.
I'm sorry, I'm reading email over here.
1219 560 WQAM Rosie says I was there two years ago.
Is it Lengorado or Lengorado?
See, now I don't know.
Come on Greg.
Greg's here for Chris.
Say hi to the people.
George, good to be here.
Hey, very nice.
Turn your mic up a little bit.
Anyway, I was there two years ago, bought my favorite bow and park in a lot like $15.
Keep your eyes peeled, form, and mushroomed lots of those to buy.
Great time to go.
Great time and tan.
Oh, if you go all weekend.
I don't think this weekend.
It's not going to be a tanning weekend.
Now I'm just going for tonight.
Just going for the beasties.
I'd like to be there in time for 311.
But I don't think Etappis is going to be out of school in time.
Etappis teaches middle school.
Yeah, I know.
You people don't know.
But he's not as bad as a lot of the teachers in the South Florida school system.
Those of us who are a product of specifically the Dave County Public School system.
There ain't a whole lot to brag about down there in Dave County.
Every once in a while, you'll see some rare bird, a good teacher, every once in a great while.
So, yeah, Etappis is a school teacher.
He's teaching your children a few people only knew, but he's actually a good teacher.
Unfortunately, he can't get out of school early today, so that means I'm going to miss 311.
So is he?
That's all right.
Maybe.
I don't know how long this is.
Do you figure it's going to take to get there?
Anybody know?
Anybody call?
Anybody over there?
You don't have to type these people's names.
Unless it's a hotline name, great.
But you're doing, hey, at least you work the controls.
Let's see if you're actually out of human here.
Hello?
George!
Yeah.
Hey, what's going on?
Hey.
Hey, dropped off my friend in the last night.
At Langarado?
Or is it Langarado or Langarado?
Langarado, man.
Okay, cool.
I'm not saying it wrong.
And you're right about the boys, dude.
Yeah.
Totally, totally right about that.
I mean, there's throws and cons all of it.
And, dude, if you're going to go, bring boots, man.
The fire.
I have to go.
Boots.
Listen, I got two kinds of Timberlands, the high ones and the low ones.
No, don't even wait a week.
You can time with those.
Get yourself a pair of galoshes from the hardware store and where those things.
Because the water is about five inches deep and the answer floating on the top of it.
Sweet.
So, you're going to have a fun time.
I can't let you call me from there.
And he goes, you've got the biggest welps and painful bump all over his legs from the
brand.
I tell you, from living up north, especially in the spring, when everything thaws during the
time when everything's mud, deep sluts and mud.
Here's what.
Here are the poor man waiters.
Are you ready for this?
Anybody going to Langarado?
Langarado?
Worried about what to do with the high water and everything.
Here was poor man waterproofing in the mountains.
Are you ready for this?
People are going to laugh.
You're going to laugh, anyway.
Bread sacks.
You take two bread sacks.
Make yourself some sandwiches.
You take the two bread sacks.
You put your socks on.
Put the bread sacks on.
Over your socks and over your pants.
And then put your boots on over that.
You got rubber bands.
You rubber band at the top of the bread sacks.
They go up to almost your knees.
And then that's poor man's waterproofing.
Yeah, but they might just do that.
Yeah, but they might just do that.
Well, hopefully the ants won't be able to climb up the bread sack.
But what bread sack?
Yeah, I'm very true.
Very true.
All right.
Have a great week.
Take it easy.
I mean, don't, no, no, no, no.
I'm talking about like plastic bread sacks.
All right.
Don't go by yourself.
A loaf of French bread or Cuban bread with a paper bread sack.
And think that you're going to get anywhere with that.
I don't leave things with the tickets once again.
Oh, I did.
I'm so pumped.
I think I'm allowed to go.
Good.
And I could have, you know, and I, and I, and I,
when I cleared this with the wife and she's being a sport,
I think I won't know until tomorrow if it's for real.
Or if she's setting me up for another fest, another tier fest.
It's going to be a damn point.
You already want to show her.
Sure.
Yeah, I know.
I'll have materially the way it's on the, hey, man.
It's material either way.
Boys, man.
Beastie boys.
I'm very excited about it.
Never seen the beasties in concert.
That is in concert.
I know Carlos has given me the look.
It's one of those things.
It's like it never came together.
It just has never come together, especially considering that we only go, we, meaning me.
I only go where I got a free hook up because I can't afford it.
I'm not budgeted.
I'm not budgeted for concerts.
My budget is very strictly allocated.
And I don't have a whole lot of wiggle room when it comes to that.
So, probably won't be there in time for 3-11.
You don't think it'll take an hour.
Well, more than an hour to get there.
More than an hour to get there and get into place.
So, 3-11 is going to be a wash.
I printed the schedule.
Look at this.
Are you saw the times?
Yeah, I look, I got, this is for me and my friends.
We got the map and directions over here from a friend.
Then I got the schedule all printed up.
Yeah, you are so organized.
I am.
Listen, I got partying down to an art and a science.
Let me say it.
I'm sad that I'm not seeing the Beastie Boys, but I think I'm more sad that I'm not seeing the Beastie Boys with you.
Because I know we're going to have a good time and I can't get any more.
I'm guaranteed.
And based nectar after Beastie Boys, I like based nectar.
I want to stay for that.
The roots, I guess I could kill time with the roots.
I like the roots.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I don't mind that.
11, they got a good groove.
I've seen them twice also.
I would like to see them again.
It's always good, but I don't think we're going to make it in time for that.
Adipists don't care.
Adipists is the one that's going to be coming with me because somebody's got to stay home with a wife.
We decided that.
And if not you, teen daughter, it would have to be me.
And since I got to do a radio show, guess what?
You lose.
You got to go to what?
What was it?
Since I tore my hamstring, I didn't get to go see what was the festival of Lincoln Project Revolution.
She went, I was going to go, I didn't get to go because I tore my hamstring.
So this is, this is, now we're even.
Now we're even for that.
Yes, I can put the high score in the Gallagher game, Carlos.
I'm very excited about the Beasties.
I got my, I got my list.
Water.
Camera.
Do I need a cooler?
Ah, they probably got a little cooler.
I got the little cooler.
Holds a six pack kind of thing.
Maybe the slicker, roll up, fold up, slicker.
I have a designated driver.
That's the most important part of all this.
And here's another reason that I'm choosing Adipist.
He ain't quite as party guy as I am.
That's the key to be a designated driver.
He has a way lower party threshold than I am.
Because if a designated driver is drinking and smoking and doing more than you,
not quite a good plan.
But.
No, no.
You're still on driving.
I'm taking a designated driver that I know doesn't want to party at my level because I want to,
and again, because I always go with the teen daughter.
So I'm always straight as an arrow at the concert.
Maybe I'll have a drink.
See, the safety of your life, it's probably better that I'm not going because I would have been your designated driver.
Yeah, and I would have been with you to a total party.
And so probably not a great thing.
I thought that drew.
Yeah.
I don't care how FWR, if you crash your car, whatever.
Right.
It's not me crashing my car.
All right, it's not me with the DUI.
So you can go ahead and get your own self in trouble.
And I have a hybrid, so I think it actually has like a homie that drives me home without me doing any.
When will they invent those?
When will they be the self-so, the self-showfaring car so that we can drive back from the concert with confidence?
I aim to get F tough.
Now the question is, are you going to bring back a shirt?
At least a picture?
I have to.
I have to.
I must buy a souvenir.
But I'm about missing the Beastie Boys.
I think I can still make it to go see R.E.M.
Are you going tomorrow, then?
Yeah.
Okay.
I know people that are going to be camped out there.
They're there now.
They're there now.
There is, there are, another reason.
Don't take this the wrong way, team-dotter.
You just have to be a good example.
There are camps, established camps already in place right now.
We're, we're unexpected.
That everything's already ready for me.
We understand?
Because they have set a place at the table for me.
So.
I recommend the mushroom pizza.
I, I think they're baking it now.
All right.
Speaking, yeah, I think they're baking now.
They're baking.
All right.
That's another fact.
Thanks once again for the tickets.
Sorry that we won't be going.
One of these days.
Yeah.
One of these days.
Spoon?
Okay.
And since you're the promotions guy here, let's try to take advantage of our, our situation.
All supplies last.
I am already for the show.
And figure out a way where we can get like either a limo or a bus or something like that.
Where we can go to an event together and somebody else drives.
Now you're talking.
All right.
We can do that.
We can make that happen here on the radio station.
Let's, let's abuse our positions before they fire us.
1227.
We can give you a minute.
On all taking advantage of your position radio, 560 WQAM.
We join C's fans coverage of the Congressional baseball steroid hearings already in progress.
Now, Doctor, you helped supply steroids to several players.
But you know them only by their nicknames?
That is correct.
Can you tell us the nickname of the first player?
Who was first?
That's when I'm asking.
The man's name?
Who?
The steroid user?
Who?
Who was I'm steroids?
All I'm trying to find out is what's the guy's name that took steroids first?
No, what took steroids second?
I'm not asking.
Who took steroids second?
No.
Who took steroids first?
I don't know.
That's why I'm asking you.
Congressman, I don't know who was third.
Who?
Was taking steroids?
Exactly!
Next on C's fan, pitcher Roger Clemens asked you to test his wife.
Please.
Just the chicken, the cheese, and the ham on it.
I ordered one this morning, but one Chris...
And I guess it was because he was sick.
When Chris said no mustard or mayo, they must have heard him say a whole lot of it.
A whole lot.
Because I got a bucket of mustard or mayo with a sandwich inside of it.
So let's see...
You know...
I like mayo a little bit, like, uncertain things.
Just like if you're going to have cold turkey after Thanksgiving the next day,
you put just a little smear of mayo on each side of the bread for your cold turkey sandwich.
I know you're grimacing over there.
I understand.
Is it because you have to be white skinned to like mayo?
Is that it?
Is that what's going on there?
Is it because you have some butter?
No, I didn't.
I did not see undercover brother in your off-mic.
I had to answer you in complete sentences because you're off-mic.
Like, right, even when he's on-mic, he's off-mic.
You want to be a broadcaster or something?
I was just asking out of curiosity.
I'll be honest with you, I've never used a mic like this, so I'm going to speak up.
How about that?
That sounds great.
See, I kind of came into broadcasting the other way around.
I did...
Some or theater, a place that had no amplification.
It was just like a barn.
And so we had to project practically yell in order to be heard.
There were no microphones in the place.
And so when I got into radio, the guy that trained me to be a DJ,
that got me the job was one of my theater cast members.
And he just said straight up, just use your theater voice.
And I said, you mean like this?
Talk a lot and ridiculous and project and exaggerate?
And he said, yeah, like that.
And I thought he was joking, but guess what?
He's not.
So that's why you yell at us every time you say hello.
Yes, we have to yell and project and have you ever known like DJs
or talk show people that talk like that all the time?
Hi, how are you?
I'm talking off the air right now, but you can't tell.
I think there's a mic light on everywhere I go.
Hi, how you doing? I'm Puky DJ, everywhere I go.
You don't have to be like that all the time, but yes, these mics,
they're particular.
They're insensitive, like my wife.
QA Molo, Matt Dry Malibu Chicken.
And dry.
Yeah, I don't think so.
QA Molo, QA Molo, those are, you got that great?
You got those?
Hello.
Hello, are you there?
I'm here.
Is this QA M?
Is this you?
You're here.
And then QA Molo.
George.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Fine.
You were talking about the mayo.
I have like a pet peeve, whenever I go to McDonald's.
They have like the chicken sandwich.
Right?
And I don't know.
I feel like when they put the mayo, they don't use it nice.
I think they use like a...
No, they use a hose.
Oh no, I'm not joking.
They have this hose that drops down from the ceiling.
And it squirts the mayo on there, like a gallon on each sandwich.
Like when you go to Burger King, when you do, and get a whopper,
I like a little bit of mayo on my whopper.
But you don't need to pour a bucket load on the bun now, do you?
But apparently they do.
Whoa.
They do it.
And then the flavor tastes like, you know, your eating mayo with bread.
Same thing with a tartar sauce.
Like, I'll go for a fish sandwich at McDonald's.
But why do you have to use a gallon of tartar sauce that's the sandwich
as big as a quarter, you know, it's like a pacenta.
Right.
So they throw a gallon, they use like a soup ladle,
and put a ladle full of tartar sauce, and just drown the thing.
Come on.
And it's the same.
You go anywhere in the world, I think.
And they have the same amount of, you know, a mayo on it.
Right, I don't get it.
Right, great.
I mean, just, just a shmere, man, I'm telling you, just a shmere,
just enough to wet the bread.
You should be able to see through it, see the bread on the other side of it.
All right.
All right.
Take it easy.
I'm just doing restaurant lessons over here, might as well.
We do talk show lessons every day.
QAMLO.
George, how are you today?
You doing well, how are you?
Well, well, thank you.
Great story for you.
Remember that club on and for a lot of other club play-dose?
Yes.
It turned into a gay club without telling anybody.
Without telling anybody?
Yeah, we were.
I heard about it.
You didn't hear about that?
I know I did hear about it.
But again, by somebody that was surprised, somebody called them and said, hey, guess what?
Surprise!
Oh, you're wise.
We had to make money.
They weren't doing so well.
And they were like changing owners every other day.
How they were?
My wife and I went out there, like 300 people an hour passed.
I like that a long time ago, I imagine.
Yeah, about seven years ago.
Yeah.
Anyway, have a great day.
All right.
Have several.
QAMLO.
Yeah.
You got that?
Sorry.
Sorry.
Listen.
Talk show lessons, especially the call screening for our chronics over here.
We get new people every now and again.
And I trained a lot of people to board up and answer the phones on the Neal Rogers show over the years.
And they often ask, how do you recognize the chronics voices?
And I say, after a week, how do you not?
Maybe after two days.
Because when we say chronic, we mean chronic.
The audience doesn't hear how many times they actually call.
They only hear how many times they make it onto the air.
They only call continuously.
So I'm guessing by the end of the show.
By the end of the show.
You'll have nightmares about their voices.
It's not how, how will you recognize them?
How will you not?
Not just their voices, the breath that they take before they say anything.
The background noise of the room.
The acoustics.
Every time you pick up a line, you hear a non-sound.
You understand?
They're, they're sound that you hear before you hear the actual call.
You'll recognize that.
You'll recognize that.
Yeah, it'll haunt you.
It's alright.
You know, like Neal's voice, people say, hey, do you talk to Neal like after the show or something like that?
I said, I spend six and a half hours a day talking to Neal.
I don't spend that much time talking to anyone else.
As a matter of fact, if you add up the time that I spend speaking to everyone else I know over the course of the day,
it's still going to add up to six and a half hours.
Continuous talk.
He narrates my freaking dreams.
And now the dinosaur is holding an undead.
Look, it looks like his wife.
Oh my God, he's going over a cliff.
That can fly.
Can he fall?
Oh no, he's falling.
Can you wait a moment?
Yeah.
That was judged.
Yeah.
Oh, how's it going?
Listen, I'm a little bit envious that you're going to get the beat of the whistle, amen.
I am envious of myself, too.
Listen, we're totally reporting on Monday.
Wait till we report on Monday, I'll let you know if it was worth it.
The spreading that I may or may not get as a result of going.
Even though I have permission.
The only thing that you have going against me is that you have to work until you get there.
And I have to work on some of that.
And since I'm doing the show next week, technically going to this concert counts as work that's all material gathering.
Which is just a justification.
That's kind of at the committee meeting I kind of use that.
It's like, you know, I have to go.
Like I could give these tickets to my daughter and she could go with a friend but she's not doing a talk show next week.
I have to go and hopefully something will happen.
And I hope it happens to somebody else and I just see it instead of it happening to me.
But I have something to talk about.
For the time being, man, with the trade crisis, I will trade in a minute.
Are you married?
I'm married.
I asked you first.
No, not now.
All right, Tradian.
Tradian.
All right, I'll see you, man.
I'll have my wife bring you the tickets as a matter of fact.
I don't know what you've got in trade goods but I'll take it.
Sight on scene.
QA and hello.
Hi, George.
How are you doing?
I'm okay.
I've got three things on Ashley George.
Number one, well, I've got questions all of them.
You and Neil were talking about the right-cap to the right, the other day.
And you were telling me, no, it's blue image.
Oh, you were right.
You're right.
That was yeah.
Oh.
And that's my excuse.
Two more things.
Mark Gummer and Chris.
The guy was an excellent actor.
I swear to you.
He's an actor.
I didn't say anything about his acting.
I said he had a head like a light bulb that David Niven would have been embarrassed.
Well, you know what happened?
He's involved in a horrible automobile accident.
And that's what made his head shape like that?
Oh, my God.
It changed his whole face so it was tragic.
All right.
And the third one is, you were talking, you're very frank about the drug you like.
You were saying on the air, I got a kick out of what you said about cocaine the other day.
Have you ever sniffed heroin?
No, no, no.
I'm saving heroin when I'm an old man in a wheelchair wearing a diaper with no where else to go.
Yeah.
I'm saving it up.
Young people shouldn't do it.
They don't have to do it.
No, no, no.
Yeah, well, because my rationale is when I'm an old man and an old folks home and everything.
And I'm just, you know, run out the clock, if you will.
I would still like there to be things on the list of things to do that I haven't done yet.
But I've known from experience like I learned from other people's mistakes.
Yeah.
Especially where the cocaine is involved.
You know, people, people, they tell the kids the wrong things in school during this whole dare thing.
It's like, don't avoid cocaine because it's going to kill you.
It's going to make you broke.
And then you can't afford more coke.
So it's a fool's errand and the same thing with cocaine.
Why do you want to get wrapped up with something that's going to eliminate everything else from your life except it?
Yeah.
I'll tell you what, there's nothing like heroin though.
It's a monster like you've never seen.
Well, all right.
I'll let you know when I'm like 90, maybe 80 or 90.
When I can't walk anymore, when I can't, you know, even with one of those scooters.
If I can still maneuver a scooter, I'll avoid the heroin.
But when I'm unable to do anything else, then just put it in my IV drip.
Yeah, good, good point.
Young people should not do it.
Old people definitely do it.
Save it for the geasers.
You stupid kids.
Yeah.
I stole that line from a movie called Little Miss Sunshine.
Have you ever seen it?
Yeah, yeah, I've seen it.
It was all right.
Alan Arkin.
He's good at decent slick.
It's not bad.
Alan Arkin is a great, great actor.
What am I favorite?
I like Simon too.
Yeah, a lot.
Great, great.
What movie?
Simon.
I didn't see that one.
Well, go see it.
I'll tell him.
It's always a pleasure to talk to you.
You're a good guy.
Yeah, you don't know.
Actually, I am.
Anybody who knows me just ask Christian, right?
To know me is to love me, except...
You know what I'm going to say.
18-to-1 on 5.60, Q-A-M.
Kevin Fetaline, K-Fed.
We're exciting news.
For those of you wanting to lose weight.
Yeah.
I'll admit I was getting a little fat on the gravy tray.
So I decided to do something about it.
Well, actually, something was done for me.
But screw her, you know.
Anyway, entertaining.
Fetaline cuisine.
Fetaline cuisine is the easy way to lose weight.
Because, well, you don't eat much because...
Well, you can't afford to.
Fetaline cuisine is awesome.
Peace to stake.
Pasta.
Crab leg.
Maybe.
I'm for dessert.
This used to be ice cream.
I think.
Yeah.
You get all this food.
The don't cost nothing.
Where did I get all this great grub?
Out in back of the restaurant in the big green box.
It's like a buffet.
Fetaline cuisine.
Not just a diet.
It's a wing of lava.
12-1-560-WQ-I-M.
So I'm not one of these people.
You know, I'm thinking about the festival over here.
Now, you go to sporting events and things like that.
Yes.
You'll make fun of Jeff Cohen.
This isn't the kind of thing that...
Well, it's the kind of thing that I would do, but not specifically.
We even have a bit about it.
Jeff Cohen, for going to the games, bought himself one of those
personal, portable bathroom devices.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
I was not aware that they made it.
It comes with an attachment.
It hose in a receptacle that you strap around your ankle.
Go online and find them.
They make them for truckers, long people that can't go to the bathroom for long periods of time.
Jeff bought one so that he could go to the dolphins game and avoid having to stand in a long line waiting through an unclean bathroom,
and then possibly missing some of the action that he had paid so much to enjoy.
Logical.
Again, a little extreme for me, but...
It is a bit extreme.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to judge that, man, because I'm all for comfort and convenience.
And I am willing to take the time ahead of time to make sure that I'm going to have a good time where I'm going.
And if the people around me want to call me a dork when it's starving,
because I can reach into my adventure sack and pull out a rolled up rain slicker,
you want to point and laugh.
Okay, point and laugh at the dry guy.
My joints aren't going to get wet.
Go ahead, laugh it up while you're sitting there getting soaked down to your skin.
So I'm all for prepping.
I made the list here and things like that.
So I want to know exactly how deep the water is out there,
because I have enough time between now and when an edipus gets off of school to go to outdoor world and buy myself some hipwaters.
I'll buy the ones that go right up to my armpits.
I don't care.
People are going to go and look at that dork wearing the hipwaters.
I'm dry.
I'm the dry dork in the hipwaters.
What do I care what you think of me?
First of all, it's not like I'm going to be hooking up over there anyway,
as if you follow.
I've got to have a word, hipwaters that are at least not high enough so that you can still see my F-the-F-C-C-T-Shirt or something cool.
You might as well get a fishing pole while you're at it, though.
I might as well.
Hey, I hate the outfit.
One of those Captain courageous hats.
The ones that the fisherman wear, speaking of fishing poles, you know,
the waterproof hats, that these North Sea fishermen wear,
you know, like the fishermen and everything.
I know you'd look at them.
I go with the rain hats.
It's not about looking good.
Did you ever see, you watch, I can't think of it, Larry David's his show on HBO.
Yes, I know what you're talking about.
And now you blanked out.
Come on.
Do you smoke up the enthusiasm?
Thank you.
And they're showing the promos and he's wearing a funny hat at the beach.
Right.
My friend says, what's with the hat?
And he says, I'm married.
I can wear anything I want.
That's the same attitude to you.
This is true.
I'm going to a concert.
I'm going to be comfortable.
I'm going to wear hipwaters and a Captain courageous hats.
Like, who's that guy over there?
He's the guy with the dry feet.
That's who that is.
He's the guy not getting ants in his pants.
Sounds logical.
So, the question is, do I need to buy hipwaters or will the bread sacks be high enough?
QAM hello.
George, what's going on?
You tell me.
Now, March, you know, it's funny.
I was thinking about all my old elementary school times where you know the dare,
where they teach kids or the strokes.
Okay.
That's a good point, man.
I mean, every time they would tell you that all the dealers would sit there and give you some
free drugs trying to lure you in a customer.
I'm worried.
I'm like, dude, where's my freebies, man?
You know, I feel like I feel like I'm a scientist.
They don't get it.
And now that we've gone through generations of this and people have a memory of when they were sitting in class being lied to,
why do you lie to the children?
You're eliminating all your credibility.
Why don't you tell them the truth?
It's fun, but it's dangerous.
If it wasn't fun, nobody would be doing it.
I remember sitting there as a little kid and they're telling us all these bad things about drugs.
Oh, it's bad.
It's bad.
It's bad.
I don't think it fits so bad.
Why is everybody doing it?
And why are you so afraid that I'm going to do it?
I don't know if it's so bad.
It seems like a very clear choice to me.
Absolutely.
You remember recently when you had the vote when the voting was for the slot?
I almost like, I don't put my cards on the street poll when I heard a former governor talking about, you know,
it brings crime and drugs.
It's like, you just can't do the Miami in 2008.
I enjoy drugs!
Oh my God!
You know, I'm like, oh my God.
You know, it's a massive question, man.
You ever dump peyote and if you have it, no, it's on the list, though.
No, I'm wondering.
Is it like kind of like, you feel like if you're smoking some room?
I don't know!
I don't know!
I don't do it!
But bring me someone I'll let you know.
All right.
Bring me some tonight.
That's right.
Okay.
Look for the crowd of giggly people.
I know.
I've never done that down, right?
Well, he knows what outfit you're going to be wearing.
So, I mean.
I'm going to be using the guy with hip-waters and a captain to register.
He's just like me down and say, oh hey!
Here's the peyote you ordered!
QAIM hello.
Hey George.
Hey what?
Hey buddy, are you going to have that Hispanic girl, the brawler's girl on?
I'm proud of you.
Lucy Lopez, hey Lucy, we have a request, honey.
Stop on in.
Can you have her on the radio today?
Okay.
I'll try, hey Lucy, come in.
I'll give you something.
So, you know what I mean?
Did you hear me?
Her name is Lucy Lopez and I just tried right there.
She listens to the show.
I'm inviting her.
She has an open invitation.
Lucy Lopez, please.
Suits me over here.
Boy, she is so sexy.
She's a sweetheart.
Go brawler.
Go brawler.
She is brawler.
She is brawler.
Most of the time.
And we commend that.
Let's have a bra conversation the other day and I was also about talking about completing
this cycle, what I started talking about.
And preparations, I was having a conversation about this with someone and they said that
it's not for them because the crowd in the mud and this and that.
And I said, well you know, these things can be dealt with.
And they said, yeah, you're the kind of person, the kind of boy scout, the kind of mystery
efficiency that has the ability to deal with those things.
And I said, damn, Skippy, I am.
I'm going to take, you know, I'm going to prep up.
So I need a water level report from over there.
And you get to get one.
I have yet.
And now, all right.
I know.
It's a concert who's going to be listening to talk radio.
But I know that there are in between acts.
I know that there are RVs.
I know there are people with portable picnic players, pitiful, portable picnic players
like they said in Clockwork Orange.
Somebody might be tuning into the talk show in between acts on the way to, or during an act that they're not particularly interested in
when they go back to their car or their RV to re-nourish, re-plenish.
QAAM, hello.
Yeah, you suck.
Yeah, yeah.
QAAM, you wish.
Hey, George.
Yeah.
George is me.
It's you.
Hey, how are you?
Hey, it's me, Robert, man.
Okay.
The thing you're thinking about is the breakman's friend, that thing that, uh,
the jet had, yeah.
I'm not, I'm not there yet.
There's not something that I, you know.
I wouldn't expect you to go for the catheter.
I mean, you know.
No.
No.
Actually, it wasn't a catheter.
It was more like, because he showed us the device.
He wasn't wearing it.
All right.
But he showed the device and it had a, a kind of, uh, a, a, a, yes.
I know.
A comfort-fit funnel.
I've seen him before.
At least he said it was comfortable.
Tell them, yes, they do.
It's called the breakman's friend.
You look at the whole thing.
Yeah.
There's more than one brand, I understand.
Huh?
There's more than one brand.
Oh, I know it, but they, they're named a breakman's friend because the train guys used
to use it all the time.
I just need a water level report because I will buy hip-waters if I need it.
Yeah, dude.
Where is my heart?
Where is it?
It's in Yenem's belt.
It's in, uh, like, a big, cypress Indian reservation by a lot of people.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
Okay.
I know.
Keep going.
Hey, can you come on to me?
I can go.
Oh, hey, man.
Don't tell me the wrong way.
I've been thinking about you the last two weeks.
No, no, no, no.
Look, uh, I thought you were the time, man.
You were saying it's so bad.
We were little girls.
I was like, oh, I'm sorry.
I don't have a life man.
I have a five year old or three year old.
Hey, my wife or a left two weeks, I'm not a macho guy, man.
But she's pressuring me.
I'm not another kid because she wants a boy.
What is Nigra?
I think you're doomed already.
So what's it to him?
Oh, man.
I remember talking to you over.
It's already over, you know?
Yeah, no, man.
Pray for me, man.
Pray for me.
I will.
All right.
That's a lot of like QA.
Hello.
Nice talking to you.
No time for you.
Hello.
QA.
I don't think so.
4-1 on all crazy radio, 560 WQAM.
Have a million dollar weekend.
Double into AM.
56.
I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama.
I'm less.
Well, Fox below rallies are for mayor of hate.
Green tooth red next thing is great.
You know, they're not filled with what it is best.
I want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama.
I'm less.
Hang up.
Hang up.
Take below rallies and hang up.
Hang up from the highest tree.
One less vehicle comes.
Three more.
One more time.
One more.
One more.
No rally ain't no dynamist.
Only right wingers can say things like this.
Frozen by battlebombs wife.
I want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama.
I'm less.
Hang up.
Hang up.
Take below rallies and hang up.
Hang up.
One more.
One more.
One more.
One more.
One more.
One more.
I like the times when the fight with my big old phone
and drag the piece of the ass down the gravel road.
Take them whenks, wrench and twist,
and fill the head roll for fresh off the turn of a bitch.
Hang up.
Hang up.
Take below rallies and hang up.
Hang up.
Hang up is why it asks for a tree.
One less vehicle comes.
Three more.
One more.
One more.
One more.
Two more.
Two more.
Cortex reigned bibs for men.
And that's a little too extreme.
One out of two five sixty WQM.
That's where I remember the existence of them.
The brand name was Gators.
They were called Gator.
Waders.
Not like Florida Gators,
Although gogators.
And like I was talking about the bread tasting.
Yes.
And it was like that, but for real.
with built in elastic or something.
So that, again, poor man's weighters, you could just slip into them, and they're like boot
cuts.
They would keep the water out of your boots.
They had three elastic bands top, bottom, and then in the middle.
And you slip them over your boot and it kept the water from running into your boot.
Because what's the point of having a waterproof boot if the whole thing goes under water?
Like let's say your boot is five inches high and the water is six inches deep.
You follow?
So the water is going to flow into the top of your boot.
So these things gave you an extension all the way up to like your knee.
Elastic top, elastic bottom, and elastic in the middle to keep the water from pouring
into your boot.
All you need.
And I'm sure, well, I thought I was sure, that outdoor world, fast-pro shops, outdoor
world, one of our fine sponsors, they have to have, they mean they have everything.
Oh yeah.
They have to have that.
So I'm on their website and I can't find them because I really don't know what the
device is actually called.
That's a good question.
And I'm all through their hip weighting section over here.
Some nice things, including here's thing.
When you want to go fly fishing during hunting season, florescent orange, hip weighters,
of course.
QAIM, hello.
Hey George.
Uh huh.
Had a road rage incident on the Faw Grand Fist, the pole thing.
Uh huh.
The guy who tried to cut me off, I wouldn't let him.
He was shown off for his girlfriend.
Uh huh.
And I gave him a finger a couple of times and he tried to turn off.
And yeah, I just put it on a show with him.
You guys just want to call him a subhuman douchebag.
Okay.
Gee.
That fixed his wagon.
567-0560 and Dayton Broward, 877-785-635 is toll free everywhere else.
Palant 560 is free if you have AT&T and Verizon Wireless.
Hey, uh, we've got to get Jeff Cohen on the phone.
He needs to give us some advice about that device.
I also want to use him and exploit him.
Having bringing food on Monday.
And maybe host another recruiting party for the Derby girls.
The Derby girls are going to make me look really pimpy next week on Friday.
We're having that.
Uh, and I forget the name of the place.
I think I have it here somewhere.
Palmetto miniature golf.
Look, there it is right there.
It's a joint venture.
No, not what you're thinking, Greg.
No.
It's a joint promotion with us in Power 96.
Baby Bree and myself will be there and I'm bringing some Derby girls with me to make me
look pimpy.
Wow.
I mean, yeah.
I mean, I'm not surprised.
You can't, I mean, you can try your best to look pimpy without being surrounded by women,
but it sure helps if you can be.
QA Hello.
George.
Yeah.
What's the inside story on the CC firing of Power 96?
What CC firing?
Oh, she got canned.
Who?
On Power 96 of the Burning DJ last morning show.
Who?
Oh, CC.
You got to get out.
I don't know anything.
You don't know anything?
I don't know anything.
I know that she doesn't need to work.
Well, she got canned.
Okay.
K.
QA Hello.
George.
Yes.
Please tell Lucy to come on.
Lucy, please come on.
Lucy, please, please.
I'll give you something.
Please.
I'll make you work your own.
Come on.
All right.
Please.
Thank you.
You're saying, work your magic brother.
All right.
Here it comes.
I listen because I was really inspired by watching Shindler's List, which I wish the
Neil would watch.
Have you seen it?
Great.
I haven't heard it.
You have not?
No, I have not.
It's a great, it's one of those movies where it's just riveting.
It's just a riveting movie.
That's what I heard.
Well done movie.
It's like, like his Neil, oh, good bird to the good, father.
I do because in very similar ways, there's not a dull moment.
There isn't a wasted scene in that movie and they got so many good lines and so much
to draw from in that movie.
And Shindler is a good role model for a variety of reasons.
But one of the things that I really liked is the common-dont.
Omen Gett, played by Ray Fines, is telling him, I've heard about you.
I heard you as a kind of man who understood the meaning of Ziver to go attitude, is that
it is not some vague scene like a tease of his others.
In other words, Shindler comes across with the goods.
All right.
When you have Oscar Shindler's gratitude, you're hooked up.
It's not just, he doesn't just say, hey, thanks.
You know, he comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
He comes across with something.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Let me come on to you.
Okay, well, I'm glad you're reading to start to go up.
I heard you're about to read in through this.
Yeah.
And I was going to let him know that so how our David is on 1600 AM.
1600?
What were the news radio?
Radio's go up that high?
Yes, on the 1800.
So I write to you.
What the hell is that?
That's not to the right of the dial.
That's to the right of the car.
My radio doesn't go up that high.
Well, you tell Neil.
All right.
The ratings guy called.
Let him know.
Oh, the ratings guy.
Yeah, yeah.
QA, hello.
Sure.
I'll be sure to tell him that, sir.
Yes.
George.
Yeah.
This is me.
I'm here now.
Yeah.
Okay.
Filter still is playing a language.
I don't know if you've heard of them.
Who?
Filter still.
No.
I gotta make you a CD now.
Yes, you do.
I'm a controversy of friends and well-wishers out there.
Yeah.
I have a lot of fine music.
I can expose you too.
Please.
I'd love to be exposed.
What is the care of George?
Something more?
Hey, Rod Ruquies.
Care of WQIM 20295.
North-O-Seg and Avenue.
Miami.
33169.
Or just drop it off at the receptionist desk.
Okay.
Well, I'll come.
Playing Russian Roulette when you come visit our receptionist desk.
You never know.
It's either Feaster Famine.
Sweet.
And I will be the guitar.
Feaster Famine.
What?
You don't show.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
One of these days.
When we have a radio station in this town.
QA, hello.
It's a QA.
Hello.
Hello.
No, it isn't.
QA, hello.
Hey, George.
Hey, what?
Listen, I tell everyone with a guy, man.
You guys start taking in calls, man.
And, you know, last fun, Mr. Listen, listen.
I'm about to have a long day, man.
Yeah.
What do you know?
You have to have the calls coming in.
It's funny sometimes.
You know what I mean?
Here's the case in point.
When we take calls, it's nice to have people to say.
So what do you got to say besides that?
Well, okay.
Listen, I'm going to be torn.
You understand?
You don't stop taking calls because people didn't have anything to say.
Well, but...
I'm on other reasons, but primarily people wouldn't call with anything.
I understand when you guys...
I understand the point that you make, because you actually received it on the receiving end.
But to the fans, the people listening, then, probably, you're sure I love you on the receiving end.
You're open air receiving end?
Yeah.
But it's pretty in the pan, it's in the guys like me, man.
I'm a fat guy driving trucks, man.
You know, I'm listening to you guys all the time.
What's it?
All right.
Thanks, folks.
Thank you.
We won 13 and all fat guy radio 560WQAM.
A rocker and a rapper have twice looked for love and fail.
Maybe it's because they were looking in the wrong place.
VH1 presents Brent Michaels and Flavre Flavre and Block the Flavre of Love.
I don't know if it's the crown or the big clock around your neck,
but I find you very attractive.
Yeah, boys!
Block the Flavre of Love.
This time, the rapper and the rock star go hardcore.
Flavre of Wave North, Harold.
Is it time for us to cuddle in the hot tub?
Yeah, boys!
Just when you thought VH1 had run out of stupid reality show ideas,
the Unite 2 Managed Star and basically the same show.
Rock the Flavre of Love.
I've sold 25 million records, made out with countless beautiful women,
but now I found that fly guy who can rock my world.
Yeah, Brent!
So if you can stomach it, watch Brent Michaels and Flavre Flavre try to rock the field.
Flavre of Love.
Flavre Flavre!
Block the Flavre and bitch on a motorcycle, boys!
I ain't afraid to ride an old bitch on a motorcycle, boys!
1 18 5 60 QAM, Jeff Cohen-Lun.
Hello!
Hey, I'm just trying to get my Monday lunch order in, is that all right?
Yeah, no problem.
Okay, hey, can we hold the show for another Derby Girl Party?
What was that?
Can we have another Derby Girl Party at your place next week?
Sure.
Yeah, and you know what day?
Thursday 6 30?
What was that?
We'll just do this on the air.
Thursday 6 30.
Yeah, another...
Could we got a big event coming up with them on Friday and they've got a bout actually
that Saturday, a scrimmage, they're called on.
I'm riding in on the cow.
Yeah, so they want to get some...
Well, they're going to get some more.
That was like 6 o'clock or so you guys showed up, right?
Yeah, but they want to do it 6 30 and then maybe go skating afterwards.
I mean, unless you want to, that'd be good.
I will be Whitewater Raff being in Costa Rica on a 4 plus jet ride.
You're going to be gone.
I envy you.
There are a few people I envy these days considering the stories that you've told me you're on that envy list.
We were talking about your Wee Wee bag earlier on the show.
Oh, yeah, that was great.
What was the actual brand name?
Long time.
Yeah, that was first stadium concert.
You decided?
Okay, you did, I'm okay.
Cool.
Yeah, because I'm talking about any of the medical supply stores.
Sure, we were talking about Langerado and Comfort items came up and I was thinking about that.
Because I'm sure that the lines at the Porta John's are just going to be insane.
Well, you may have to show it because they're in the back and if you have good seats in your upfront stadium,
and if you're drinking and going on a regular basis, it's a great thing.
That's right.
A few limo drivers that picked up on the idea.
I say, like they're taking RVs and everything out there, that's the right way to go.
Yeah, of course.
You can just go to the bar to roll and RV into the second row of center for Paul McCartney.
I got that and see when you got the bucks.
Yeah, all right.
Yeah, just pizza goes a long way.
I learned one thing in 32 years is that pizza goes a lot.
Free pizza goes a long way.
Yes, it does.
Yes, it does.
I don't even call it bribery.
I don't even think it's illegal.
It's just the schmuz.
Yeah, you know, I always tell people you're going to get on on a pizza place.
If you want something or you need something or you're going somewhere, stop at any pizza place and buy a pizza.
And hand it to the person you need a favor from whether it's a valet guy that's a watchful or you want to park up front,
whatever you want at $12.00, probably as good as a $50 tip.
That's right.
Good, Perth.
All right, well, I'll see you Monday.
Monday.
I'll go to Monday.
Monday.
No, you're going to make the arrangements for Thursday but I know you won't be there.
Right.
I'll talk to Monday.
I'll come early before I have to work.
I'll talk to Perth.
For Thursday, I'll get it all set up for you.
All right.
Beautiful Jeff.
Okay.
All right.
We've got it.
See you Monday.
All right.
All right.
There you go.
We just do things on the air here.
It's crazy.
That's easy as that.
Well, yeah.
Exactly.
Cue him hello.
Hey George.
How are you?
How's it going, buddy?
Fine.
Hey, I'm here to confirm that guy was saying about that 1,500 stations.
I told him, oh, Mohar David is on there.
I called him the other day.
And I asked him, I said, no, did you steal the pizza?
He was, oh, he got really kicked off.
Really?
Oh, man.
Well, he's got an L.A.
I'm a famous man.
And that's where he's working at.
40-E.
He's radio is what it is.
He probably said another train monkey.
Yeah.
So I can confirm what that old man was talking about.
Oh, you know, these people have the wrong idea of what this is, this business, this job.
They want to be taken seriously.
And it happened to Rick Riley.
He was great up until he wanted to be taken seriously.
And then that was it.
Nobody wants to take anybody seriously.
Right.
What's the guy who got killed?
But he hung up on that.
I said, oh, man.
I said, didn't they arrive just to take the pizza?
He didn't like that little bit.
No, he didn't.
He hasn't liked enough at all.
No.
Sorry, wait.
Yeah.
That's good to get some calls in.
I get to kick out a quarter of a spike, I have an on them.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't.
QA, hello.
Hey, man.
It's because of people like you that you don't stop taking calls.
Don't you serve the other guy.
Oh, my gosh.
You heard my feelings.
Not yet.
Not yet.
That was supposed to be seen.
I don't know you yet.
Okay, well, I'll tell you what.
Can I like catch up on like the past three months?
Like, hey, man, how about bowling?
Bowling.
Is that it?
No, no.
I have to say that I just got up a little bit.
I wanted to hear about the trends.
Oh, we did adequate.
Antiquate, that's it.
Antiquate, that's it.
Sub-adiquate.
All right, I'm going to have breakfast now.
All right, go ahead.
Bye, bye.
What a weird-turning phone that was.
Is that a speaker phone?
Was that a phone?
Was that an underwater phone?
We see calling from Langerado.
Look, we got a lot of people listening trying to make plans for this concert besides just me.
We want reports authorized agent who sent me a text earlier.
Make up a nickname when you call.
Yeah, I want to know exactly what your wardrobe is going to be for this thing.
Well, what it was going to be.
Breadsacks, notwithstanding.
I got Timberlands, which we go way back.
This is this parent Timberlands in me.
We've been all over the place together.
All over the country.
Steped in more animal feces in these Timberlands than animals exist.
So, probably some short shorts, you know, the utility shorts, you know, with the all-watt of pockets on them.
Dasha.
Yeah.
Some sort of interreverent t-shirt.
I hope it's going to have profanity on it.
I got the laundry done.
Something, something, a revel, a revelant.
I got a rain slicker rolled up in my adventure sack.
It's got a mountain, it's got a picture of a mountain on it.
It's not a purse because it's got a drink holder on it.
You follow?
I got you.
It's for hiking, mountaineering, rock climbing, kind of things.
But it's not a day pack.
It's a single strap sack, rock sack thing with a drink holder in it.
Right, I got you.
So, are you going to invest in what Jeff was talking about?
No, I'm not going to get a wewe bag or anything like that.
Oh, yeah.
Because, now it's one thing when you go to a stadium because you can't just whip it out
and go.
We know as men that the world is our bathroom, as long as you're outdoors.
Correct.
Everywhere is good to go.
You just need to find a little corner, a tree, something to block.
I mean, if you're a gentleman, you try to find something to block the field of vision.
If you're a gentleman.
Before you're innate on the side of a tree, make sure that nobody can see.
Right.
If you're a gentleman.
So, it's going to be outdoors.
I'm not going to worry too much about the portageants.
I'm probably just going to go when I'm standing like all the other dudes are.
That's why I want hip-waters.
And I need a water depth report.
And also, if they are surging people, this is not me.
I'm not taking anything.
But people want to know what that is.
Hey, how is this back?
Great.
QA, hello.
Hello, George.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Do you have tip money for him?
Because I don't.
I'm doing plenty of money.
I got plenty of money.
I'm sorry about that.
Oh, okay.
Uh, no, so Neum's going to make this next week?
He's gone.
He's gone already.
Yeah, he's got the Neum's going.
He's gone.
Yeah, I'm on all the next week.
Sorry about that.
No problem.
Hey, uh, what time is the, uh, the, the shooting thing on Thursday night?
830.
830.
Okay.
Oh, what's the chance of, uh, maybe, uh, I know, uh, for our David, he really have not just
and, uh, I know a lot of the power.
I think a lot of them want to start calling him on 1600 days.
Oh, please, uh, not if you have a life.
Well, once you have no come on the show, then, you know, as a guest.
No.
Now, people can't ask him about the pizza.
Okay.
How about this?
No.
QA, hello.
George.
Yeah.
Hey, did you have insect repellent on that list?
You know what?
It's in the car already, but thank you so much.
Inspector Polic.
Yeah, I know.
You know what in your cell, bro?
The pro.
You got it on a long pass, bro.
You're out in the middle of nowhere.
Really?
Where my beans are.
I'm not going to drop them into my boots.
Yeah, that's cool.
You got to work, Hans.
All right.
All right, man.
This is going to be hot.
It's so hot.
Hey, try to get those reports on my way out there right now.
Okay.
Hey, people at Langarado, how deep is the water?
Did they search it?
QA, hello.
We need to know these two things.
Hello.
I'm going to give you that.
QA, hello.
George.
I'm going to go up like a rubber zone.
Mm-hmm.
Because I only hang out with straight people.
Not that I have a problem with gay people, but we just, we have different interests.
And different agenda.
And y'all, you fit together.
You belong together.
Party together.
I'm not going to join your gay club no matter how much you try.
Greg?
No.
No.
See?
That's not happening.
Now, I know a lot of people have the mentality that if they just keep trying, keep trying,
they're going to wear you down, but it's not going to happen.
It's like the Ray Perry mentality.
If you have more sports stations, it's going to bring more people to sports.
He said that.
He said that.
He really said that.
I heard him say that in the hall.
What do you think about this new sports station?
Does somebody has them?
Is it?
Well, I think it's going to bring more people to sports.
You understand that, right?
It's like, hey, what do you think of that new Christian station?
Oh, I think it's going to be more people to Jesus.
What do you think about that new devil-worshiping station?
I think it's going to bring more people to Satan.
You know what the station is?
So how do you think about that new gay station?
I think it's going to turn more people gay.
They understand.
That's the mentality.
Like, if there are more gay clubs in town, more men will turn gay because there are more gay availabilities for them.
There are more gay options for you.
So of course, you're going to be more attracted to homosexuality, right?
That's the logic, right?
That is the logic of the New York City.
What do you think about that new Nazi station?
I think it's going to bring more people to Hitler.
Yeah, that's not happened.
Yeah.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, I don't think so.
128 on all Lucy Lopez Radio, 560, QAM.
Let's cover it.
The Congressional baseball steroid hearings already in progress.
Now, Dr., you have surprised steroids to several players.
But you know them only by their nicknames?
That is correct.
Can you tell us the nickname of the first player?
Who was first?
That's what I'm asking.
The man's name.
Who?
The steroid user.
Who?
Who was I'm steroids?
All I'm trying to find out is what's the guy's name that took steroids first?
No, what took steroids second?
I'm not asking who took steroids second.
No, no.
Who took steroids first?
I don't know.
That's why I'm asking you.
Congressman, I don't know was third.
Who was taking steroids?
Exactly.
Next on Seaspan, picture Roger Clemens asked you to test his wife.
Please.
What are you drinking, baby?
Nothing.
What were you drinking?
Oh, we're discussing.
You will face it's not.
This is all made up stuff.
It's nothing that you say on your true feelings.
So that's why we could say-
I'm liar.
Everything that I say is made up.
I am living a double life.
Totally, me too.
I'm not doing any of the things that I say I'm doing on the earth.
If people knew how boring my life actually was, they wouldn't even talk to me.
Never mind, listen to anything that I have to say on the earth.
How about you?
I don't know.
I'm just a beautiful boy.
Whatever people say about you.
Everything is true.
It's all the life.
It's all the life.
It's just a struggle.
It's the same.
Yeah, totally.
You were told you weren't you?
Always.
I'm on drugs right now.
He's on drugs right now.
He's talking about-
That's right.
You know when I went to give blood, I didn't go to give blood.
I was on an appearance and they had the bloodwagon.
It'll all never do that.
Good.
I thought that I could talk my way out of it by telling them that I do a lot of drugs and
have a lot of unprotected sex with sluts.
Guess what?
No, no.
Unless it's a prostitute.
They don't care.
That's what he wants to do.
Isn't it?
It's in the beauty voice.
Listen.
I'm extremely jealous that you're going to go to Lama.
I went last year.
I did not.
And it was the best thing because I got to see one of my favorite bands ever performed,
the Flaming Lips.
Yeah, right.
I was literally right in front of the stage.
I showed up.
I have the lead singer's hand.
I bounced him around in a plastic bubble.
Three, four.
Yeah.
What's better than that?
It's all.
You know what's better than that?
Actually, it's the same.
It's tough to get it.
It's tough to see.
Better than that.
Having such a nice degree of head.
Better than that.
Okay.
Maybe I do.
Oh, cool.
Cool.
I really got it.
No, you know?
Yeah.
How about this one?
You like that?
I think you do.
I think you do.
You never really can do that.
I think you do.
I'm not a TV actor.
By the way, I want to guide the guys.
If you hear the guys call requesting you.
You need to know your name.
Who's the girl with the set of people that's never wears a bra.
I want her in there today.
Right.
That's Lucy.
So you should know she's not wearing a bra today.
Why do we have so famous in this department?
I'm going to say it in a fan.
Okay.
And you do have to say that I'm wearing a bra.
Not because you're a listener.
Because they can't see me.
Right.
But because.
Yeah.
I get.
You see, I powered it.
These things for studios are like about like time-feet away from each other.
And it looks like I'm not going to get a fish ball, right?
I know.
So then I have all the sales guys from Q&A.
We've generally walked by the glass and look at me after I appear on your show.
A bunch of her.
And it's stuff to be done.
You want to borrow my jacket by Windbreaker?
No.
Why should I?
I am Williams.
These Sam.
Who's sicker than the street in this building?
The degenerate?
The expensive car park and under the building degenerate.
Who's sicker?
More twisted.
I don't know about all that George.
But there you go.
Pretty crazy that after I'm on your show, I'll just send in all the first Q&A guys.
You walk by.
I don't believe that.
I don't believe it's the Q&A guys in there.
Oh yeah.
They don't care.
They don't care.
They're probably right.
I know.
But no, I'm making this up.
They're wise and incredibly good.
I'm pretty funny.
And they're not like, hello.
They're not like, hello.
And ignored it.
And I'm not in there like dancing.
I'm in there doing my job.
I know.
I'm making it more annoying.
They think that you're just.
Like they've never met a girl who has a job.
No.
No.
Because they're wise.
Oh, you know what?
That's not true.
My wife didn't have a wife.
There's, there's you.
So here's the married?
Yeah, no.
Amazing isn't it?
He's doing.
Oh, crying.
I'm crying myself.
I cried myself to sleep last night.
George.
So when to have the two of us.
So I think I have permission to go to Langarada.
I think I won't know until I get back.
I'm going to go see B.C. Boys.
The last time I saw the B.C. Boys, they were in Monster here in Fort Lauderdale.
I sent like an A.I.P. Marshpit.
And I shook hands with Adra who is my sexy favorite.
Like I would break up with any boyfriend just to make up with him.
I, I, I, interested you.
You were going to send me this.
Thank you.
And my boyfriend does look like him and is like the fourth B.C. Boy.
I understand.
I know.
I know what you think.
I dropped a view because you were going to say something about some appearance of the door.
Yes, I was at a gaspies candle the other night.
Okay.
Yeah.
And some dude came up to me and said, where's your boy?
Jesus, was it dude?
Of course I was dude.
Oh, that's not right up now.
We're the best street friend in the get loud.
Go, go, go, go, be a kid.
Go, go, be a kid.
I'm like, where's your best friend?
I'm like, I'm thinking, talking about baby green.
Because everybody knows that baby is your best friend.
And I'm like, oh, breathe, breathe on another phone.
I'm like, no, that baby is a George.
And I'm like, thank you, I am.
I'm like, he's out there roller skating somewhere.
What are you doing?
Shaws.
You're like a lot of fans in Canada.
Maybe you should acknowledge them right now.
And you know what?
Right now.
Right now.
Yo, yo, candle.
I'm like, I'm going to get you to see them.
I'm like, Monday night.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
I got my family's in candle and the other house in the game.
Love the people in candle.
Yeah.
I just take driving down there.
So many go to the bean right there.
Women there and men there.
They should go to the bean.
That's okay.
They're there too.
I understand.
So what about the Beastie boys?
That's what I'm going there for tonight.
But I don't know if I have unofficial permission.
This is what I was talking about, the Mary's Man situation.
You don't know if you're actually allowed to go somewhere until you get that from there.
And then you find out if you were actually allowed to go.
It doesn't matter how many times you ask.
It doesn't matter how many times she said yes.
You don't just say, hey, I'm going here.
I'm a member of a committee.
Okay.
Once you have children, you don't own yourself anymore.
You're not married, right?
You don't own your own.
See?
You are a married.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
Here's my favorite.
By the way, this is my favorite Beastie.
Chant, chant, chant, chant, chant, chant.
That's my favorite.
I'm not.
Oh my god.
What's your fault for it?
I thought I was pretty hard.
I thought you were pretty hard.
I thought you were pretty hard.
I thought you were pretty hard.
I thought you were pretty hard.
I thought you were pretty hard.
A 40 year old man with gray hair that knows his ish about music and movies and comic books.
We have yet.
We have yet to go on.
No hot.
And the fact that none of them have facial hair is still strong.
We have yet.
I like the salt pepper.
You just look cute.
It is the deepest part.
It is the taste.
He is all into saving the world.
He loves my age.
I love my age.
The airport is the people.
No, the girl.
This is the singer.
Am I age?
The rap artist.
Dude, are you kidding me?
I thought we knew each other, baby.
Dude, am I age?
You got to play.
You got to play instead of me as a big fan of the M.I.A.
I knew each other.
I thought we hung out.
We got a party.
We got to hang out.
You have no idea.
Baby.
Sweetie, when, when are we going to go out so we have something to talk to?
Wait, let's sing this part.
I don't know the words.
I don't know the words.
I don't know the words.
I don't know the words.
We can do this.
It's not a fact.
You know the fact and then another girl.
Maybe the whole album.
Maybe the whole album.
I don't know the whole album.
I love it.
I want to see what I hear this.
Three of you, Zekyaw.
I want to see what I hear this.
Three of you, Zekyaw.
Look at this.
This is a CD and eight for somebody.
CJ's track key is where my age is.
Don't keep up my looks.
Don't keep up my looks.
It's a whole bunch of songs.
We're going to do the chorus together, right?
Ready?
We're going to play it up.
That song sounds really inside.
That's all right.
This doesn't count anywhere.
It's a very nice song.
The music is really good.
It's a real took off early.
It's a lot of fun.
It's a lot of fun.
It's a lot of fun.
It's a lot of fun.
It's a lot of fun.
It's a lot of fun.
It's a lot of fun.
Why am I not playing this?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Yeah, back to the whole Fiendy Boys obsession.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's going to be really weird because they really sound like the CD.
Like whatever CD right now you have in your car.
Do you get ready for the concert?
Like do you listen to the artist's CD right before you listen to the song?
I make a mixed disc about what we're going to go see for me and my daughter when I normally go see it.
Exactly.
So then you listen to everything you get out.
Right.
Everything you heard on the CD is exactly what you're going to get at the show.
You polish up on the words and everything like that so that you're tight so that you don't look like a dork when you're singing along there in the crowd.
You're sick.
You're sick.
You're sick.
Angle.
Yeah.
What is that?
What is that?
Angle.
Angle.
Angle.
Baby.
Don't you know what an Angle is?
No, it is that.
Oh.
It is that.
Angle.
Baby, where's your Spanish?
Oh, Angle.
Oh, okay.
I thought that you remember.
I was like, I thought that was like a new like text message thing.
Oku Angle.
Asta no chain.
That's hot.
Meyori heroine.
I Angle.
I eat.
Oh, you Angle.
No, not yet.
What are you going to wear?
I'm going to wear a hip weighter's like I'm going to fishing and the high seas with one of those Captain Correja's fishing ants.
So sexy.
Hip weight.
I know.
I'm going to be comfy and dry and so are all my supplies.
Thank you for stopping by.
You got another segment or what?
You have to go.
I think it's good to stay here for like maybe like 10 more minutes or five.
Ok cool because these colors you know.
I don't know if you can tell you.
I think it's because we have Billy.
Or we always have four.
We always have four minutes.
Always four minutes.
Four are we going to go now?
Billy, that's cute.
18-2 on all wrong name radio.
5-60 QA.
We're being.
Star around Vader.
I'm a real Vader.
We don't want you around.
So won't you drop it please.
You're an old and daughtering Frankie has been.
Who should have been locked up in the loonie bin.
A brain dead relevant ego pissed.
And we're the same zookey bar in 1966.
Now I am your out Vader.
Do us all a favor.
Put your droopy head back up your butt.
And choke on a very young man of mine.
The drive you're in for.
There's not getting to a dream.
I was planning on telling it to his face but he never showed up.
You know I can't do anything.
What are you going to do?
Nobody wants to know.
And of course in this place nobody knows to know.
You know what I mean?
This is speaking of George Lennon.
I was just saying off air that if your passport doesn't have a stamp from George Lennon.
Right.
Plenty of George from.
You have it.
Other world.
You have it.
You have it.
You have it in really trot.
It's an other world.
Yes.
It's otherworldly.
And you know I was in the bathroom the other day taking a break.
And there were two sales holes.
I won't name who they were talking about how excited they were about going to play golf this weekend.
And it was all like to do not to bust out laughing thinking about what I was going to be doing.
Yeah.
Both that night and this weekend.
It was all like to do to bust out laughing because can you imagine?
Ima Hena, there would be all excited about going to play golf when you consider the options.
What?
I know.
I know.
I know.
But I just thought you know it's like it's fine.
Go play golf.
Go watch men play games.
Go do all these other things that other people consider fun.
So yeah.
So that wherever I'm going it won't be crowded.
It won't be too crowded where I'm going to the real fun places.
You have fun.
I know you have fun.
Where?
I mean have more fun.
Wherever you go it's fun.
Oh wherever I go it's fun.
You're the center of fun wherever you go.
I don't know if I'm the center of fun but I try not to have fun wherever I am.
By the way I didn't know about that thing that you were doing in Kendall or I would have gone.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Even in Kendall.
Because Gatsby's is great.
We have them up in Broward County too.
We know in America.
And I go to those sometimes.
When I go visit my family.
I also take a lot of passport stamp because since I'm from Hyalya.
Right.
It's kind of like a riff.
Is there a long line?
And they're like what are you doing?
Do they search you?
No not me because I'm a pseudo celebrity.
I say so.
So you get the VIP line.
Just go right through the round.
The fake VIP line which is like way cooler than a real VIP line.
I just I hate I hate driving.
That's it.
I hate driving down there.
I hate going to Kendall because of the traffic.
If nothing else.
If that's all there was just the traffic.
When is the traffic okay down there?
Never.
Never.
Right.
I remember that.
You never a good answer.
Never is the right answer.
I have never I never even I've gone to Kendall at three in the morning and the traffic is stop and go everywhere on Bird Road.
Bird Road is a nightmare.
I think Bird Road and I have.
Don't you hate it when you suck on sour candy and your mouth fills up with saliva?
I actually like that except what I'm talking on the air.
Is there anybody on the phone we need to talk to?
No.
I drove them all away.
Love it.
I have to go to the bathroom as you showed up because in your here like coming up is just nothing but fag.
I got for fag wanting to get with me wanting to be with me wanting to wear my skin.
It's sad it's pathetic.
It takes a long time to get this momentum going you know like it takes a female voice and a lot of time to get some heterosexuals listening to the radio show.
And by fag you mean what?
Like they're in love with me.
They want to have sex with me.
They want to rub oil on me.
Thank you Alison.
They want to rub oil.
I think it is such a hot.
It's the sweetest, most beautiful, most wonderful and to have a girl working in this corner of the building.
Do you know how exciting that is?
I make love to her with my eyes every day.
You too?
Yeah I do.
Ah and I thought I was the only one.
I do.
Alright baby let's do the little pinky thing here.
Do you want me to lick my pinky and then touch her?
Oh my god.
Would you really?
Oh my god.
Now let me put my, your saliva in my mouth.
Look.
No I'm licking my pinky that had your saliva on it.
It's almost like that.
We're trying to make up.
I have a girl who is right there.
Joy.
Joy, are you so weird?
Why not?
Have you, have you met the normal people?
No.
Have you met the norms?
The Mondays?
Have you hung out with them?
It's weird.
Look.
Is that a call they brought?
Go ahead and hang out with them.
They'll tell you how it is.
There's a bug.
You want to go out and report.
Hello?
Yo, yo.
That's her.
Yeah, I love you too baby.
How are you doing?
Tell us how deep the water is and did they search you?
Am I third?
Did they search you?
Oh!
No, no, not the bad.
They did the search too bad.
You heard it.
No seriously.
Echoing, it's really, you.
That's you, that's you echoing.
That's you, it's you echoing.
No, no, no.
I can't hear you.
It's you echoing.
I hear it now.
I'm turning everything down.
It's your phone, baby.
It's your headset.
How about now?
I'm not wearing the headset.
She sounds really hot.
She is hot.
She is a really nice person to me.
I would do the, I would do the things.
Hi, Lama.
Did they search you?
She sounds super nice.
Oh, did they search me?
I could search the car a bit for, you know, glass bottles.
But we had, you know, we didn't have anything like that.
How deep is the world?
How deep?
How deep is your love?
It's dry.
It's dry.
It's a beautiful day.
Yeah.
So I don't have to stop it out the whole world in my workplace.
So we set up our camp and we're trying to avoid an empire.
But otherwise it's dry.
It's a beautiful day for you to see.
Are you floated?
Did they say airpiles, by the way?
I really love her right now.
I love her a lot.
I'm going to wear today.
I'm going to wear a bra.
Are you wearing a bra?
She always wears a bra.
I am wearing a bra.
What color?
Back to long, though.
It's coming off.
Take it off now.
Sweet.
It's loading.
This is really crazy.
I'll do it.
It's loading and safety ABCs while you're doing it.
K-Color S.
Maybe.
Maybe.
We're out of time.
We have to go.
We have to keep the break and we have to go.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
I got to finish setting up camp in.
