English
There goes town
To the bottom of the ocean
Yes
All must gotta see a full stay
We have nothing left to say
Worked with that force
I'll measure that even a stun measure
We'll finally smoke these insigars
Oh
And forks in a mana will rest
When they played in those way 1950s
Car
That's great bro
When we fell across town
Every abloca will be found
We'll make every day one day for Sunday
Or just like Saturday though he can't say
No worries or give your face
On Canal 23
Ah, Jala, Kukarol, where's Rick Sence?
This is what we need him
10 out of 2 at 5.60 WDQ-YM
Happy Tuesday to you
Happy Tuesday, man
It's gonna be a great day
Anybody buying it?
No
I didn't expect it
Great day, I expected you know
Kind of a day
Came into this morning and George was
My initial reaction was what a jerk
Yeah, well I started thinking about it
And started putting the pieces of the puzzle
And I thought what that George assured me about is some in it
On it
Well I'm gonna go wash it off now
Yeah please
Chris had to look it for you
No
No idea
Yes you did
Never
He was ripping you and asked before you came back from your first to join
I was
He always does
No I was
Oh okay
I was just ripping you a major one
I just wasn't prepared
You hit me
Sorry about the communication
That might be the case
It's a hysteria
That's because we work for crazy people who know nothing about this business
Well I say that about the radio business
That is business
Nothing
Zero
Well what are you guys doing?
You screwing the next show up there
Jerks and jacks and twief and twigs and
All of that exactly what they said but you know
Something like that
You could get the snow
And let me put it this way
We're doing the same thing we've been doing on this radio station for over 10 years now
Sure
We finish the show the same exact way every day
And here's an interesting point
Matter of point
Fact whatever the hell it is
Point in fact
What do they call it?
What is it?
It's a crack
If somebody's not sitting in the control room at two o'clock when the lecture was supposed to start
They can't hit the button to make the open start or the idea or whatever the supposed
They can't do anything if they're not in there
Even if we're confusing them
So maybe we ought to take up a collection and buy a watch for twigs, twerp, whatever what is his name?
Eric
Eric
Eric the twerp
Let's take it let's get a Mickey Mouse watch for him okay?
So that when the little hand hits the big hand at two o'clock
There's like some kind of a sound
I heard it out of the way
I'm like kids
Yeah
I'm like
Where the hell did that come from?
What the hell is it?
Anyway so I do something about him because he's an idiot
And they finally figured that out took him a lot of time
So don't go blaming us jerks the fact that your board op is a moron and can't get your show on at two o'clock
Which by the way dead air is... I'm not gonna say it
Here's the poll from yesterday from the holiday
Well what a bogus holiday
And if you think presidents say it's a bogus holiday
Here they started this year for the first time ever family day in Canada
Or at least in Ontario
And a couple of other provinces I believe I don't know, family day
So just another holiday to coincide with whatever's going on in the States
That's all a family day my ass
Most women would rather not date blank that was Georgia's poll 819
I voted for the correct answer a poor man
Two hundred seventy seven
Right?
Nobody wants a poor man
If you got money through the election, everything else is money
Right
A slob 98
An ugly man 78
A fat man 69
But it was last year in the road where I got those licked
A known liar or a user 68
A married man 53
A short man 44
A mentally ill man 35
A misogynist 33 depending on what he's misogyning
A convict 29
A man with an embarrassing job 14
I have a lot of those
A stupid man 11
An N507 a poor man 2 and a tall man 1
Let me say it again
If the board off isn't sitting his ass in the control room at 2 o'clock
He can't play the open for the next show
It's not complicated, okay?
Tweak, twerk
And he brought him along with him
That's the best part of the deal
He brought this idiot along with him
You know what they say about birds of a feather feal together?
Does that affect this thing?
Oh, I came in whatever was yesterday
Oh my God
Are you high-comedy? No, I'm not kidding you
It's hysterical
Should I read this?
Hey, that's up to you!
I think it's funny
Dear Mr. Rogers, having come to learn that you recently announced your intention not to renew your contract with WQIM
It gives me great pleasure to offer you an invitation to join the gay American Radio Network game
When we debut across America's airwaves next fall
Garn, where they debut September 1, 2008 on that day are flagship, flagship station K-Y-R, K-R-Y-A
It will begin transmission from San Francisco Studios
A month later on October 1, WQ-ER Queer will begin transmission from Fort Lauderdale to the South Florida market
Both FM stations will broadcast from frequencies of Oguenteus
100% saturation of the target audience is those markets
Up for the mobile young and middle-aged Gays and Les Beans
In December, our third station begins transmitting from New York City and in January 2009 our fourth station begins operations in LA
Our far-view-long plan is to acquire at least seven more stations out of major US markets
Believe we believe that with you aboard Neil, with the years of professional experience and talent you can bring
Not to mention your demonstrated ability to draw listeners and winning arbitrons
Our network will have crossover success
With a mainstream street audience that is so critical for any successful broadcasting venture
You can't just depend on Gays listeners
After meeting with our board of directors this week and receiving their unanimous enthusiasm and approval for extending the invitation to you
I'm also eager to meet with you and or Mr. Norman Kent S. Quire
And or whomever else may be authorized to represent you with the earliest opportunity
Sue a man negotiate a degree of fun and you know particular as a contract between you and Garn
The Gays American Radio Network
You're fairing
We're willing to provide you a compensation package that you will find quite lucrative
Huh?
Though we won't be on the air until September and three year current contract is understood
Oh and though your current contract doesn't expire to December we'd entertain the possibility of buying author-mander
If you're a contract or an expedite you join the Garn team in 10 for a never-stay view Labor Day weekend
All right!
We foresee your talk should be broadcast to Affiliates Nationwide from LA to New York
We'd be happy to present you the way wider national radio audience and millions of Americans
who may never heard of you before have been introduced to your unique brand of wisdom and humor
You're a unique brand. There's Dan Abash with the opinion head. Shrunk and head bitch
To Sweden the deal I'd like to offer you an addition to the position of Vice President for programming and talent recruitment
carrying with an added compensation
In this capacity you'd be the network's executive in charge of scouting and recruiting fresh new talent
to fill the broadcasting ranks of our network as a pro
You've got experience recruiting right?
Yeah, a whole lot. It's not recently though
We believe that your vast experience industry won't talk about that. Talk about cruising the idiots of gold banner. I'm rar
We believe that your vast experience industry knowledge and insight into what constitutes a radio broadcaster
could, well, Shrunk has nothing to do with this station. I'll tell you that
Could be useful to Garn and helping find the right people for our stations and motivating them to excel in radio. I see
You'd also have achieved in other words I have a magic wand. Poof your broadcaster
Well, you should use that here at this station. You would also have achieved roll in signing off on what programming our station
develop as well as contributing input on how that programming is scheduled. You can still continue to host your show from Toronto.
However, from having listened to some of your recent shows and being aware of the technical issues
and what's the emnating from both there in the QM studios, we would have to inspect your home studio and make any necessary technical upgrades
You're going to bring your equipment up to par with our networks equipment and to meet the highest quality standards of a national network
rather than those of a simple local station. We'd be interested in offering your producer George Rodriguez a contract to produce your show. Did you type this
up or what? I listen, do you really think that I have that much of a sense of humour? I know that the last part of the phone number is
chopped off too. I know that page three is missing. Page three was that didn't come through it was like all garbled and twisted like the middle of the bunched it up.
We'd be interested in offering your producer George Rodriguez a contract to produce your show for Garn.
Also, we'd be willing to offer a development deal to create produce and host what we envision as a new music program of the national scope.
He could still continue to produce your show while assuming responsibilities for his own show. This has to be a job it has to be.
Where that he's expressive is that we locate to the Pacific West Coast. We also be willing to discuss within the possibility of assembly for him
to be still intended relocate a home studio of his own from which to produce your show and his own.
We're interested in contacting contracting your parody maker Boka Brian and having him produce his popular Boka bits for national syndication.
Should there be any outstanding issues that he still has with WQM and or beastly over unpaid compensation, we'd still be a minimal to settling these issues
either by compensating what's owed to him ourselves or by assigning our this is definitely a joke.
That's a practical department handled and pro bono on his behalf. We'd like to inspect his studio and recording equipment and refurbish any of that at no cost
in order to ensure that it meets our state of the art quality standards. We're developing a week long series of programming originating from Washington, D.C. the WQJ 182009 in conjunction with the presidential inauguration.
Our plans would include you broadcasting your show that week live from the nation's capital.
Attended working time for that week is by by Bush America celebrates and Rogers commiserates as you expect darn reflects the political views of the majority of the game has been community which is solidly anti-Bush. That's what the capital be.
While we can't guarantee it we foresee striving the secure appearances of the president like vice president like the other big and serious for brief interviews on your show that week likely before the January 20th ceremonies all the better if the president electes either Mr Obama or Ms. Clinton.
Neal, I'm most anxious to begin discussions with you about the opportunity of your joining garn if this proposal meets with your approval.
Please call my office at yada yada and then the rest of the phone numbers chopped off.
I mean I paused why try to say he just says this I don't know what it's got to be.
It's got to be. Sweet deal though. I don't have to be gay. Do I? No good but both of us chicken neck.
I'm sure he's desperate enough. Yeah I'm positive. Well what a way to start it.
Yeah. Heavy duty baby. Well I'm not lying about contacting with you and or Mr. Norman Kent S. Quire.
Then you know it's a joke. Probably reads our square but that's beside it.
Of course he's doing that instead of negotiating me a new deal you know or keeping me in touch with what's going on because I'm the mushroom baby I'm in the dark I'm off in a quarter somewhere just like a mushroom in the dark the lights are out and I'm like like that.
There's a like a fax number where it came from on this. There is at the bottom upside down there. Oh yeah.
Free view. Right now. From it it's after 10 on Fag rate I mean all gay radio.
Congratulations. Get a life. Y'all if you're old like me and there's an emergency you can summon help by pressing this little button.
So Vestors to loan uses Rambo learned and so can you. If you were your loved one little on a Rambo learned system can mean the difference between life and death.
Yeah because sometimes if you know you may like experience like chest pains or maybe fall and you can't get up.
Good evening to my drop first blind. Rambo learned will come to the rescue kill the bad guys and take you to the hospital.
Peace of mind is there 24 hours a day seven days a week order Rambo learned today.
Thank you for me. Slice the loan. Heroes never die. They use Rambo learned.
I'm dying out of here. That's what the hell says man. He's got his Rambo learned. I'll crank them. It's a 1018 if you are.
I'm sweating where you said that you're not very good detective. Me? No. You said that the bottom of this page is a fax number so that this might be legit.
The fax number you know this is 305. Right. I didn't say that it's got a number that it might be legit. I said it's got a number. Right.
If you google this organization there's no such place it doesn't exist. What a surprise. Yeah.
I thought it was funny to be true. Yeah it's probably from like a Joel Feinberger somebody like that or maybe from inside the building might be possible.
H-H-N-G baby. All right. Somebody with a very six sense of humor. Thank you so much. Contact Mr. Norman Kent Esquire. Okay. The mushroom maker.
He's over a sitting in the corner with his thumb up his ass. Whoa. I want to go to fantasy baseball. I'm going to get you a bell. Tommy Davis is autograph.
Yeah. Oh yeah. You know you're laughing but that was part of my last conversation with the people. No no no you're lying. You're lying. You're not lying. Oh my god. No.
That's his claim to fame. He's not negotiating anything. He's not doing anything that I told him to do but he's busy trying to get you see something you need to understand.
Okay. About Norman Kent. Explain me. When he negotiates anything for me it's not about me it's about him. You've said that before. It's about his Marlon tickets and his dolphin tickets and his Panther tickets and I can't
get you to buy smoke out of memory. I remember you saying that years ago. It continues to be very true. You know so when negotiations it has to be tickets that I couldn't give a fly craft less about because I'm not there in the first place. What do I care?
Oh my god. This is what I've entrusted my life to. My livelihood, my future, my existence on this planet. You see it'd be one thing if you had like maybe 50 different chances. You know if you could get born all over again and with the same brain and the same memory.
I remember who the hell you are. Oh yeah. You only got one shot. One shot baby. That's why you got pop head. Oh and that was all over the weekend. I mean just non-stop. I don't forget it was on movie something. I forget what it was. All eight got farther just on and I watched most of it too. It's a dick and stuff. Once I get on there I can't. That's right. It's like me and sugar. I'm addicted to sugar and I'm addicted to the godfather. Well what are those good for you?
Really? I didn't sure. I'm digging out some of the oldies and the baddies because we're not getting muscle. No. Charlie B he's run out. He ran out a long time. I think I think what stopped him cold in his tracks. All those flicks about the animals, the cows and the cattle being abused and prodded and tortured. Do you see that I'm sure? Oh yeah. Nice. That just stopped me cold from eating other burger. Not. Not.
No, there's a pure stuff for Mac how is there? Anyway I think what stopped Charlie B you and no there's not. The thing stopped him was that pull about your favorite sandwich filling. That was the end. What's your favorite sandwich filling? What's your favorite sandwich a holder? Why your favorite bread? Oh my god. Charlie B the B for pathetic. What do you believe about Jesus? I dragged that old one out of there for today.
497 vote. He was one of many sub pro claim prophets 243. Yeah back in the day they all used to run around. Oh I'm a son of God. Of course he never said that anyway but nevertheless. Well first he didn't know anything. Then he did.
Did he? Yeah but he was he was he was against it before he was for that's exactly right. He just got tired of denying it and he went. Yeah.
I got you. He was one of many sub pro claim prophets. He was the Messiah 126 Jesus Christ is out there 25% he was the Messiah. Yeah sure. There was never any such person 71 and he was a snappy dresser 57. That was in addition to the other four choices we had on the first time we did this poll. Yeah. I mean the day after presidents they why not you know it kind of fits right in on it. Since the current president thinks he's him himself. Jesus Christ. Right.
So that's what we got on there 497 a pretty poverty total by I don't know I put it on your leg yesterday and yesterday was a holiday. So you got a good excuse you're off the hook Chris. All right cool. So I understand that three times last week Chris was called by Allison to go racing in there to start the two o'clock to jerk show.
I don't think those three times is the least once or twice though. Yeah once or twice another week before also. Yeah. And also the week before because torx torx twigs whatever his name is he can't get in there at two o'clock.
Now it's one thing when you're like Marvin raw man and you can't get up to be to work to start at 10 o'clock show in the morning. I mean to me 10 in the morning isn't awful early you know.
Hey maybe you can be an incompetent like Marvin the raw man your close personal friend who for some strange reason after all these years you still defend.
He's got me this job. I appreciate that. You like job. The job I have now if he hadn't been such a loser. I'll get you.
Talk about convoluted logic man. That's pathetic. Oh come on. That is just pathetic. Jeez. What's your sense of humor on that Tuesday. Yeah my hand one when I sat down here and then you started talking. Uh-huh.
Joe Bell did this and clearance to that you came in there a hundred times and then tweaked and torped and then you had Jackson there and the dressing and humiliating and degrading him on the air.
I don't do that to him. Now he does it to himself. Now what was he just about to say? Marvin raw man was a loser and if he can't come in the corner.
If you can't be there at two o'clock to have a day you should have a job. Prop. You should not have an effing job if you can't be there to sit in that room at two o'clock.
And if you can't tell what time it is then you certainly shouldn't have a job in any business. You idiot.
And jerks earned his name he brought his kid along with him. Where did he come from? Was he across the street?
Was it a Cleveland that he said? Uh it worked with Cleveland. Yeah worked with him in Bristol or whatever. Yes, man.
Anyway here's the schedule for today. Two o'clock or whenever they get there actually it will be the jerk show. Must be our fault. It is.
We've only been doing the same thing for ten years plus on this station but it must be our fault that their board up can't be sitting at the board and run the ID in the open it. In fact we play the ID don't we?
Two o'clock? We do. Yes I do. I have to ask. Right. Ten years we've been doing that and five more on the previous station.
And John he chose got to come in here conducting an inquisition. Well what is it? What's the reason that they caused the producer the board off whatever his
head was is a hole. Okay. He's a jerk. He's incompetent. He can't be sitting down at two minutes till two and get his
actually that's why. Oh no it's so confusing. You guys don't fall in the show the same way every day. Yeah well guess what how about
it and get right now sounds like a winner to me sounds like a plan baby just tell us how you're going to do it. Oh I'll tell you I'm going to do it.
Well I'm not going to be on a receiving end so anyway that's the drama we got now always got to be drama.
Jerks at two or thereabouts mad dog four to seven then you got that dolphins all access abortion with Jimmy Syphilis and Joe Bailey seven to nine.
And then the a show are we all honest to God show from nine to midnight. Now where would they get who's producing his show Carlos
aficiri Carlos or Rob kind of changes I think on the schedule it says Carlos how do you think I would have known. Yeah and then on another
night I should probably say Rob Rob Rob Walker who's Rob another board off here. Yeah hold it see 20. 20 about that once he
looked like not good looking. Oh I was I was going to read it. I don't know I just said that I have no idea how do you know you probably
never even know I see you. You might have walked past me in the hall but I never you know. Well Chris knows him.
He's okay I guess I don't know I mean I don't know what your stands are. I'm not asking whether you have the hot
former you want to do this very in the room I'm just asking what he looks like is he pretty good. He looks like a girl.
Does he look like a girl. Yeah like who tell me a pretty guy that looks like a girl Brad Pitt.
Okay Rob Blow what before he got a. Rob Blow he looked like a girl. In fact I think he yeah I think he's like.
Did they marry him off though just like they married off on Hudson. Certainly that they marry them all off.
You know somebody went through a lot of effort to phony up that thing that I just got through. I know I mean there's a lot of
herb you generic and you and imagination and a lot of normal. And Bob a Bob and missing that. They're just.
They should be very right.
How do you want to know him?
The boy.
He don't need a Roger.
Forty-two five sixty two.
I am.
The.
Forth.
Later.
Then we're gonna look before.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
I'll save it.
For the bracket I quit.
And I did not get fired.
Do it.
Do it.
You people did not want more around it.
Any more.
Well, just my pony ass.
Because I ain't never common back.
And I knew that you'd miss me.
Found as much as Bob fishing.
I knew that you'd miss me.
I'd sell horse.
Do it.
You took my mag mittens and pounds for granted.
Do it.
Do it.
And one rate too many.
Well, now I'm gone.
Long as Ginger keeps a show in Florida.
Something too easy as famous says Mark Shine Bow.
Your dating's effort too, and now in debt terms.
Now it's your time to get raped.
You might as well count your crappy signal in the outer space.
And if you say that, I know that you'd miss me.
This cantanker is your name.
I knew that you'd miss me.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
You're gonna get shot out of my life.
Now!
1033, 27 before the big hand hits 11 or something like that or a little hand?
Whichever hand it is?
I take that hand and stick it up, Eric.
Don't worry.
We're in there.
All the way up to it's throat.
Or just take both of your hands and put them around his throat and squeeze as hard as you can.
And the fact that this little puss goes crying, it's there for them.
They're doing something on the near-righteous show that I can't screw this up at the beginning
and they end the show different every day.
I don't know when to start.
You can't start if you're out of the damn control room, you moron.
You idiot.
You were right and I apologize to George.
Huh?
Well, I got better shape this.
I just sat down here.
Right.
Well, I didn't communicate it very well anyway.
No, you didn't.
I started out very surly.
I just really had my fat ass in the chair and right away, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
yeah, very surly.
Oh, it's speaking of blah, blah, blah.
Guess who called me?
Oh, Jesus.
Called me on Sunday and called me again yesterday.
Let me give you a clue.
Yeah, really?
Yeah, Columbus is playing the Leafs here tonight and so he was in town and sniffing around.
Just go away, Rimmer.
Okay, leave me alone.
Quick, ring in my phone.
Go away.
I don't want no lunch.
I don't want no dinner.
I don't want no dinner.
I see ya.
This is a strange phenomenon, you know?
What?
Those kinds of things, the people that, um, I don't know, can't take hints.
How about when you go on these appearances?
The people that you don't want to see?
Right.
People we hate like, put these crazy people, see, I understand.
Oh, I see.
I make excuses for them.
Mm-hmm.
What's his?
You don't know?
No.
I see.
And if it's free, it's me.
Oh, there you go.
That's easy to understand.
Anyway, 524 on Chris's poll, let's get it up to a rowing 750 today by the end of the
show, something like that.
I thought good.
Before we start our new show on the gay American radio network, I'd like to know who
I spent all of that time.
Obviously, somebody was way too much time in our hands.
Right.
Not that they don't have some talent.
There were some good lines in that thing.
And not only that, but you see this, um, organization they invented the Hollister
Hudson, media group in San Francisco.
It doesn't exist.
There's no such thing.
They went to a lot of trouble.
There's no garn.
There's no this.
There's no that.
There's no fault.
A lot of attention to this.
There's a lot of obvious facts number.
Sure.
Contrace that facts number, by the way, even though it's not for real, they can do it.
Mm-hmm.
But nevertheless, dear Mr. Rogers, and we eager to meet with you and our Mr. Norman Kent
S. Quar.
This is probably from like Reverend Jones, one of those crazy people.
I never don't like that.
Although he would never be able to.
They're not talented.
They're not that clever.
No.
You can tell.
But it is a real masterpiece of work of art.
Saying he's no longer a healthy enough to hold Orifice, Cuban leader Fidel Castro's
announced he will not seek reelection after 49 years in power nearly 19 months sideline
by illness, marking the first official step in a long-awaited succession in the islands
leadership.
And if you open up the window there, you'll get all the time.
And an occasional one of those.
It would be a betrayal of my conscience to accept a responsibility requiring more mobility
and dedication and I'm physically able to offer the 81-year-old Castro or Northern
Republic in today's editions of Cuban newspapers.
This I say devoid of all drama.
Your mama.
He doesn't want to be a drama queen Fidel.
Who leave that to Raul?
Castro's not unexpected announcement came just days before the Cuban National Assembly
meets Sunday to select members that's next Sunday and President of its Council of State.
The President of the Council is the official ruler of Cuba and that's been Castro since
the Council was established in 1976.
And now he's made it clear that he will not seek reelection making way for a new leadership
for his Communist government.
Communist, Communist, Communist, Communist!
President Bush in his first comment, after leaving Castro's resignation, said during
a press conference in Rwanda that his thoughts are with the people of Cuba.
Right, sure they are.
They're the ones who suffered under Fidel Castro.
They're the ones who were put in prison because of their beliefs.
They're the ones who've been denied their right to live in a free society, Bush said.
No, he's talking about Americans.
We've been denied that right since he came in.
I view this as a period of transition should be the beginning of democratic transition
for the people of Cuba.
Now it remains to be seen by the Castro 76-year-old brother Raul.
Raul?
You ferry!
The world's longest serving defense minister and designated successor will be named
to officially take the reins of power, although Fidel is widely expected to retain a strong
voice in the country's strategic decisions for the time being.
Fortunately, our revolution can still count on coverage from the old guard and others who
were very young in the early stages of the process.
Some were very young and almost children.
When they joined the fight on the mountains and later they'd given glory to the country
with their heroic performance and international missions, he said.
They have the authority and experience to guarantee the replacement.
How do you replace Fidel?
I don't know, not easy, baby.
It's not easy.
Well, first you have to have a big beard.
Yeah.
And be real ugly.
Right.
And so a big fat one.
Long wind didn't like to talk or hour.
But his absence from the political scene raises many new possibilities for the revolution
especially considering that nearly two-thirds of the country's 11.2 million people were
born after 1959 and have no other leader but Fidel.
Castro's successor will take office amid increasing complaints about the system's shortcomings,
especially high prices and low wages.
Oh, like a QIM, like George and Chris.
High prices, low wages.
When Castro was struck by an intestinal illness in the summer 2006, he temporarily turned
that title over to and several others to Raul.
He's not made any public appearances since then.
The government has periodically released videos and snapshots of him at first looking
frail and gone and later a little more healthy, as soon as your military fantasies have been
replaced by tracksuits and the red, white and blue of the Cuban flag.
The jubilation filled on the streets of Miami that summer night Castro's seated power quickly
peedered out.
When Raul Castro has hold on the job to affirm that exiles in Miami expected it peedered out
in little Havana.
Raul's 19 months in office remarked by remarkable stability would serve to underscore the
strength of Cuba's military and the Communist Party.
When it doubted in little Havana, it peedered out.
It's the same dictatorship of the different persons, like John said, River Oexec, head of
director of the Democratic Directorate.
They may exiled group that worked with dissidents in Cuba.
It's not even a new person but one who's been around for 49 years.
Maybe PD Lenny wrote that pre-page piece I could be.
Yeah, that's up his alley.
We're not the kind of crappy wood waste this time doing because he sure ain't selling
nothing on this show.
That's for damn sure.
Or maybe any other show for all we know.
But he does create a lot of problems around the halls making a lot of bad, bad gossip.
And then he gets on the internet and sends him an email sucking his ass.
Wow, nice going there, PD Lenny, you phone.
I didn't forget that.
Maybe I think because I'm old I forget stuff like that.
No, no.
We do not forget.
This we do not forget.
Remember that speech?
Mm-hmm.
Marley, at the meeting of the five families.
Then I do not forgive.
Yeah.
Forgive or forgive?
Forgive.
Forgive.
But I'm a superstitious man.
And if you get hit by a bolt of lightning.
I'm a superstitious man.
Yeah, or there's that magic again.
And if someone like the accident's you'll be falling if you should get shot on the
head of the place of the...
Or they should hide himself in his jail cell.
Or if he should start playing a bolt of lightning.
And I'm going to blame some of the people in this room.
And then I do not forget.
I will pick his name and that you're ugly enough for me.
That is I Messiah force later.
I'm going to m玩 it for you here.
Pick it.
and then pick it.
Angela, pick it.
What?
Pastros get out of Cuba
We just can't use ya
You've been around way too long
You've very castro
You ugly bastard
Too long you've lasted
The Bay of Pigs should have worked
Fit there, you make me sick
Get out of Cuba quick
You are so God
You and me go son of a bitch
Absolutely
You are a nation
Fit there will lift the embargo
Cuba will become another key logo
USA
USA
Returning all the raps and moths away
Los it
Pastro get out of Cuba
We just can't use ya
You've been around way too long
Pastros you ugly bastard
Too long you've lasted
The Bay of Pigs should have worked
Fit there, you make me sick
Get out of Cuba quick
You are so God
You and me go son of a bitch
Please follow me, no you're like
Are you behind us, like?
Where were you in 63? Did you kill John Kennedy?
Where were you in 63?
Get out now and preordination are you in domestic nation?
Fit there will lift the embargo
Cuba will become another key logo
USA
USA
Returning all the raps and moths away
Los it
Stereo
USA
Audio is 162
162
What's happening in South Florida?
Everybody running around
Rondo roll down, honking horns
I don't know, not here
Waving their Cuban flags you hear what?
Not a Broward
What do you mean in Broward?
Well that's where I went
We're just south of the county line here
No kidding, I don't know where it is
I didn't see anything happening here
Like on the corner there at the Amaco station
And we're celebrating in Waving and Cuban flags in the street
And we're celebrating in the city
No, no
What a disappointment
Here's the Jesus Christ pool for all you Jesus Christ is out there
546 votes, what do you believe about Jesus?
He was one of many self-proclaimed prophets, 270
We have 546 on there by the way
I think you have a shot at the 600 Christ
He was the Messiah 133
Yeah sure
There was never any such person in 79
And he was a snappy dresser in 64
Those Birkenstarks man, it gave him away
He was a close hog
Do you ever know anybody like that a close hog?
Nope, I do
Oh my god
Here's some exciting news
We got the big primers, this is the day
Maybe we got Wisconsin and the United and Washington state
They already had the caucuses in Washington back on February 6
But now they're having the primers to see if it turns out any better this time
I'll turn it out for the first time
Well you know, I'll keep doing it
And then who else and who why do they?
Now what's the time difference about 100 hours?
Yeah, I've been there six times but a long, long time ago
I can't figure it out, I don't know is it on the other side of the planet?
Yeah
I mean it's 5 hours from LA
So it's got to be about 8 hours I would think
That's right
Is it right? Well it's 3 hours to LA so
Right
For 17 hours
The fathers have been in juries in Doris, Barack Obama, yes today
Did you talk about this? No
Oh! Well why not?
Oh that's because Sus was there and number two
You invited Jerks in there to embarrass him
Well that was on Friday
Well that was on Friday
Both for one segment
Just once on Friday
Who? Jerks
One segment till he ran out
Right
He said you got it but then he never did
Well that's because you embarrassed and degraded him and embarrassed and humiliated
I didn't think that was possible
No you're right
The founders have been in juries in Doris, Barack Obama yesterday
And let his Vermont campaign two Obama mobiles
That will tour the state and give away soups of cherries for a change ice cream
Oh I sure hope it's a good flavor
Because there are no ones lately who have been crap like I told you
Yeah
Crapola
The glob father
Oh my god
Forrible stuff
If there was ever a need for real change and if ever there was a candidate to inspire us to make that happen
It's now said Ben Cohen
At a Jerk Greenfield, Barack is showing that when you lead with your values and follow what you have inside
The good things will happen
Echoing Obama, Greenfield said that he and Cohen succeeded when they opened their ice cream shop 30 years ago
Fuck 30 man
And Burlington, Vermont doing by doing things differently instead of copying the tired ways of doing business
When we saw that when you want real change it's not a marketing slow
We have to do things differently and that's not going to be done by someone who's been involved in the system for years and years
Greenfield said it needs to come from inside and Barack Obama's got it
Senator Patrick Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, has joined the ice cream duo to announce their radio campaign
Backing Obama
Cohen initially supported John Edwards who dropped out of the race earlier this month
Rob Hill, director of Vermont, is here the Obama campaign
What is that? Said he looked forward to getting behind the wheel, what are the two Obama millennials retrofitted Honda elements?
What's a Honda element?
It's a kind of a car, a Honda
What more description do you want me to go on?
You treat me like some kind of a child
Oh, kind of a question is that
Well in other words what kind of a car is it?
What is it kind of a Honda?
What does it look like? What does it do?
It looks horrible
It's like a utility kind of vehicle but it's not high up off the ground
It looks weird if you ask me
Really? Yeah
Well then it ought to be one of those Obama mobiles
It would stand out with like maybe a very Ben and Jerry's ice cream Cohen, Ben Cohen on top
But I guess it's not ugly, it's just a little bit more
Or maybe the party Cohen on top for that radio network
With sprinkles I'm sure
That was very cute, make no mistake about that
I might just read the whole thing again, especially that part about David
Norman Kent Esquire
Sure, oh my god, that's hysterical
After meeting with our Board of Directors this week
And receiving their unanimous enthusiasm
And approval for staying in this invitation to you
I'm also eager to meet with you and or Mr. Norman Kent Esquire
And or whomever else may be authorized to represent you
Mr. Norman Kent Esquire
We're also interested in contracting your parody maker Volka Bryan
And having him produce his popular bits
This is uh, this has got to be somebody we know
I'm thinking, yeah
Should there be any outstanding issues that he still has over unpaid compensation
Right, as it becomes more and more ridiculous as it goes along
We would be amenable to compensating what's owed to him ourselves
But these are only good people like this
They just got buckets of money they want to hand
Right, their fairies all right because they don't exist
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
You're fairies
Wow
Woo
I'm going back to bed I think this is
I don't know, I'm going to have to bring this whole day
I can't do that because I'm going to have to run back to the bathroom so I just take it
Why is that? Oh, not again
I'm going to have to run back to the bathroom so I just take it
I didn't say that
I don't know again
Uh huh
Must have been from that show yesterday
You should never have to work this whole thing with presidents day
For all you young pumps out there, anybody end of the age of a hundred
We used to have Lincoln's birthday and Washington birthday
And they said well we can't give you like two holidays
I mean I think Lincoln's birthday was February 12th
And Washington's was February 22th
Am I correct I believe
And so they compromised and they made one day
I guess it's the what the third Monday and I don't know what it is
And they made it President's Day
Which is the most stupid then
Why can't we just have like a John Quincy Adams day
And a Grover Cleveland day
And Andrew Johnson day
Right for every president
And that Lincoln was gay day
Right
And Grover Cleveland and what was his name
And we had him how a tap with that big handle bar mustang
And the Woodrow Wilson
And the League of Nations
I'll add Cram
I guess we're not going to do it
But anyway so February 18th is President's Day
They decided oh let's make it a official holiday for some people
And you can either take off that day or Martin Luther King Day
Not both
I mean what kind of a deal is that
That's just a way to demean King Day is what it is
To make it known
That's for dark folks okay if you're white you'll celebrate President's Day
We got a better holiday for you
And so being the white guy that I am
I took off President's Day
Why you took off Martin Luther King Day
How about that nasty meat man
Just that make cool for me to read another burger
Then what is that right
Mad cow diseases feel like
And you keep talking about mad cow disease
Because that's what they were talking about on the news
They were talking about all kinds of crap
Who said they had mad cow disease
They said that's one of the things that might be a problem with these animals
Because they don't know because they shouldn't have passed inspection
Maybe after they poked and prodded them
And hit them with the tractors of our 23 pension
Maybe that's why they didn't pass inspection
And when they were falling down and slapping around
They did that to you you'd be a mad cow
What a bunch of barbarians man
What a bunch of lunatics
And that's where we they grinded up all nice and they color it
With a bunch of artificial coloring
And they put in those packages
I got some in the freezer right now man
Some really dangerous meat
What biggest name?
The best out of 10
Is my little projects
4.560 QAM
Thanks, poor leader
This is the new launcher shell
Arboldau Reddine
This is my
Any questions?
Before they would Garfield attack
They would Garfield the president
Jing Zai Garfield
20th President of the United States
Back at 1881
And use every bit as lovable
Introducing President Garfield collectible
Delightful President Garfield toys
T-shirts accessories and more
Like a cute and cuddly President Garfield plush toy
Theme bag President Garfield
Insulatable President Garfield
Even Car window President Garfield
With four selection cups
The President Garfield can go anywhere you do
All with President Garfield adorable
Full length beard and still 5 hat
The President Jing Zai Garfield collection
Because it doesn't matter what it is
If it says Garfield, you're buying
Well that's what you think
It's 11.01.0560 WDQM
Happy Tuesday to you and man we got all kinds of cockroach going on here at QAM
We got George battling it out with the
What's his name?
We're friends though we're going to party
Get on in here we're all friends
You're such a loser man
Why do you take everything I say seriously
I don't know because of the anger rates you
Okay
573 on Chris's poll he's angry
Because we're not going to get anywhere near a thousand today
What do you think the reason is for that?
Crapy poll?
Started late maybe I don't know
Yeah, not good
Maybe we ought to change it
Holiday?
Oh
That's a good excuse
A California meat pack
We're accused of animal cruelty is making the largest US meat recall on record 143 million
Pounds the US Agriculture Department said on Sunday
Do you talk about bad meat yesterday?
No, what does that count feel like?
Most of the got to do a lot of choices
I say most of the meat raw and frozen meat products probably has already been consumed
Said USD officials had a briefing
You see some 37 million pounds were bought for school lunches and other federal nutrition programs
USD A said there was only a minor risk of illness for meeting the beef as in like
I'm dying out of here
I think I have it
Hallmark Westland meat pack and company voluntarily recalled all of its beef product produced in
February 1st, 2006
USD A said Hallmark violated the rules against the slaughter of downer cattle
That is animals too ill to walk
This is the largest beef recall in history of the US unfortunately said it
Agriculture under Secretary Richard Raymond
Based in Chimo, California
Hallmark Westland has been closed since early February can't imagine why
Company officials not immediately available for comment
The Humane Society of the US showed video tapes on January 30th
FOT TURN MAN
Showing workers at the plant using several abusive techniques to make animals stand up and pass a pre-slaughter inspection
These included ramming cattle with forklift blades and using a hose to simulate the feeling of drowning
Oh, they're waterboarding the cattle now!
The right!
A recall of this staggering scale proves that it's past time for Congress and the USDA
To strengthen our laws for the sake of the people and animals said the HSU-S
President Wayne Pascell
Raymond said to recall stem from the slaughter of a cattle who couldn't stand at the time of slaughter
Although they passed inspection earlier
Packers are required to alert USD evident hearings in those cases
So they can decide if the animal can be slaughtered for food
Like Connie said, no, Eli Waller said, oh you eat it
You're so skinny you eat it
In most cases be from down the catalyst barred from the food supply
The rule is that it is a safeguard against mad cow disease
A deadly brain wasting illness
I feel like brain wasting
People can track the version of the disease by eating tainted products
Or her will be no taint
USD A said there are many other safeguards against mad cow
Until now the largest US meat cow was 35 million pounds and 99
How much is this?
143 million
May see other one looked like a piker
USD A said the hallmark Westland recall ranked as a minor health risk
Because it involved the violation of inspection rules rather than proof of contamination
Most of the meat products recalled were beef
But a small amount was ground pork
Ground pork
Not kosher
Crayf
Groundhog
They
Anastasia of the recover helped the search for beef produced by hallmark Westland that may be holding freezer plants
Or maybe in your pants
Got any bad meat in your pants?
No it's all good
Sedron agriculture committee chairman Tom Harkins
And the statement that USD must toughen its inspection measures before animals are slaughtered
To prevent future recurrences
And to keep showing that those tapes on there over and over and over again
And they're prodding and poking
Like to run away broad man
Did they prod you? Did they poke you?
Yeah like that
How much longer will we continue to test our luck with we can force them to federal food safety regulations
Said Harkin and our Democrat federal regulations exist for a reason to protect public health
For hallmark Westland wish a recall that goes back two years
Indicates that violations may have been long term very good Tom very astute
How do you like that? They're poisoning the public and then they're screaming about the terrorists
Okay, let me tell you this right now the greatest danger to your life isn't from a bunch of
Towel headed lunatics from outside the country. It's from the lunatics who are running the country
And running a lot of businesses and poisoning you and your kids
But nevertheless why worry about that crap right? Why is short anyhow? Right
Just whistle a happy tune
580 end of Jesus pull and there's Dana Bansch again the
Incredible shrunken head to see and then ever hire any like white male news anchors anymore and I don't know
Have you noticed that's easy to think now they got to
Go ahead and get your homes and shy lot homes and I've noticed all these are light-complexed dark guys
Dark-complexed light guys. I don't know what they are. I don't know what that's all about
Yeah, go hire a white guy to read the news already for Christ's states. What's wrong with you people?
And I'm not talking about wolf blitzkrieg either
That's not a white guy
In the frantic race for the Democratic nomination where every delegate counts states like Hawaii
Wisconsin and Washington are now playing a bigger role in slimming down the race
At stake 94 Democratic delegates and 56 Republican delegates
Did you see old bush one over the weekend? Did you see no see no see me can no look to me like he don't have long for this world
Old bush old man with tomorrow you talk about a crook you talk about a devious dangerous son of a bitch
There was your Trevor Walker Bush and a whole family in fact. I got an article here in my pile. I may have to move it up
About the Bush family
You just you're just gonna squeeze your kneecaps when I'm getting ready
You're ready to move it all right the Bush family slave holding past really now. Hey, yeah, blame them
I didn't have any word ball was their dynasty build on slavery. I'm moving it up in my list
All right above the out of control built print and slife of protestor. You know something Bubba you talk about
Turn changing your opinion or somebody. Well, you know he owed her right
He owed her what from Monica? That's right. Yeah, that's right
like within and you know and all that
He's a lunatic man. He's only were waving temperamental you knew this is gonna have temperamental people
You
Too many bubble my sees by the way that rimmer thing if he calls me again today, I'm gonna be so PO man
Just enjoy the game rimmer and go go do something get away from me leave me alone
In the frantic race for the Democratic nomination wherever you are, I just got through in that
Senator John McCain, the Priya presumptive GOP nominee, faces a less contentious nomination.
He currently has 830 delegates to my couple of berries, 217.
McCain needs just 1191 total to finish the nomination.
So he's only about, let's see, 273, 461 away.
For Democrats, the results of today's contest could help Senator Barack Obama continue to
arrive away for momentum. He's got the big mole, baby. The upcoming March for Texas and Ohio
primaries, two contests that could be made for break for Senator Swittlery.
CNN has compiled information about the three states voting today. Well, thank God for CNN and
that shrunken head Dana Bash. Oh, and your boy, by the way, Lou Dobbs is a crazy person.
Well, we knew that. He was carrying on, I think it was yesterday, about that alleged plagiarism by
Obama and at one speech, you know, carrying on and on. Like, like, you know, it's only as important
as the meeting makes it out to be, and I'll make a big stimulus about it. Like it isn't done all the time.
What a bunch of crap. Lou Dobbs, crazy man. I'm CNN. He's white, but he's not a newsreader.
He just wants to kill all the Mexicans except his wife.
I mean, who knows? Maybe he wants to kill her too. Who does?
Maybe she's responsible for his very sour attitude. Democrats and Republicans poured into
caucus sites on Washington State on February 9th. I know I'm not going to the polls today for
the state's primaries and you're wondering, what? What does that mean? I don't know.
Washington State is a vote by mail state, meaning most voters can't stay balanced by mail.
There are some traditional polling places open in two counties, but relatively few
Washington State voters will go over the polls today. Most voters have already cast a vote by mail.
Also, the Democratic Republican primaries are open so any registered voter may participate.
Voters in Washington State don't register by party. Like most said, column in the party started.
For Democrats today's primary is nothing more than a non-binding beauty contest because the
party uses the February 9th caucus results to determine all of the delegates. So it's just a, you know,
an exercise. The Republican party, however, utilizes both the caucuses and primary results to
determine how delegates will be apportioned. 18 for the caucuses, 19 for the primary. Following this,
there's John McKinley, crazy man. And we've got bomb bomb bomb. Oh, he's just insane.
Aloha, Democratic voters, it's said it's time to caucus and all efforts have determined
with which Democrat will come out and top in Hawaii. And when you think of Hawaii, you normally
envision moonlit luos, sunkiss bodies, and monster surf. But in its race, 20 delegates are up for
grants. The party caucus is open because voters don't register by party. Therefore, any registered
voter may participate. The participants must sign Democratic Party membership card at the caucus
site. Obama's secret weapon in Hawaii is his younger sister, my assiator, Ning, Ning, Ning. How do you say,
NG? Ning, Ning. Who lives in Hanolu? Ning, Ning.
For less to think, Clinton is giving up on Obama's backyard. Think again, daughter Chelsea.
Oh, my God, she is uglier than ever. She is the nasty. She's got a docky pus.
Don't say it. All right. She looks like a hyena. Let's try to picture that.
And we'll bad weather recap. I'm Wisconsin voter turnout. And the primary is the forecast for
the state today is temperatures in the single digits with snow possible.
If she wins Wisconsin, a lot of people say, now, wait a minute. Is Obama's momentum over?
Said CNN, prolific, a list bill Schneider. Schneider said Obama does well in red states like
South Carolina, Idaho, but Wisconsin is a narrowly blue state. So it might be very close because
there's a large core partisan Democratic vote. And the poll show it's very close in Wisconsin.
Oh, there's all these different polls. Here's one that shows that she six points in Wisconsin.
Here's another one taken February 13 to 14. She's ahead five points. And it's just that don't pay
attention to the polls. There's silly people anyway. Takes 20 of them just to put in light bulb.
Got it?
Hmm. On the Republican side of Wisconsin, $37 gets rubbed for grabs, but it'll be put
a boot put about. Huckleberry campaign to Milwaukee this weekend and said he's staying in the
race to try to rally the traditional base of the GOP, meaning far vissen right wing evangelical
lunatics hate mongers, people like my Huckleberry himself, like that. Jackson, $35 billion. My
friends, for that $35 billion in earmark projects, we could have had a $1,000 tax credit for every
child in America. Let me ask you if he went dancing with George Bush and put his head up against
Bush's ass with the dancing cheek to cheek. Oh, who would be the leader? Yeah. Sick. Really sick.
Who dips? Who does the best we got, man? He's John McKayne on that side. And it was always
Mitt Romney who looked like he came out of a cartoon. And the Huckleberry Hound, who else said
dropped out? Ron Paul. He's still like Ron Paul. Anybody voting for him? No. Anybody talking about
him? No. No. Who else dropped out? That guy from California Duncan Hunter that nobody ever heard of?
Remember him Duncan Donuts? No. That's a good poll. Who do you like better? Duncan Hunter or Duncan Donuts?
Who? I got to confess him out of big Duncan Donuts fan.
No, that's nothing to do. We talked about that. Yeah. That's good to know. Okay. Okay. It's just
be cream so much better. Yeah. Because I think he only like one does it. I think they have twice
the sugar in yeast in them. I think that's their secret. Yeast? Yeah. Makes it yeastier.
596. Chris is really ripped up and excited about this poll today. The Jesus poll 597. You see that?
They're pointed by the ones. All right. Which of the Jesus Christ is someone made too happy by the
one? You know what? Two steps ahead. The best talent. He's a new Roger. He's a 560 QAM.
He's a sports leader. Know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Religious cults have become a part of history. James Jones, Charles Manson and David
Toresh. And now the man known as Just Do. Who is that castrated fellow that we're
wishing? Uh, J.S. Are they called him Do? Do? He's a powerful spaker. He's very persuasive.
I don't even know what that means. Yes, he looks a lot like Buddha. Oh, what a swell god. He gave me
free vodka. The Duncan bird we can find. He's clean and belly-winding. Pick his nose at the same
time. He's got to be a god. Uh, Clay Oakley. This guy's got more followers than Jerry Garcia.
Ladies and gentlemen, would you please welcome our fearless leader?
Last no leader? Watch my hospital. Don't run. Remember everyone before we get on a spaceship,
you must be wearing the official shoe of the Sector 7Gate Caldates. Right? Just don't. It's too.
Uh, go. Yes, go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go.
It's 1118 at 5.60 WDQAM. So yesterday, this is the next story that I'm going to
prove through right here. On MSNBC, they kept making fun of it. And I'm not saying that this is
legitimate. These are documents they find about the JFK assassination. Who knows? It doesn't sound
like it. But nevertheless, and in the jerk that they kept going to in Dallas that they kept
putting on the air. He's making all these crypto comments and he's laughing at, oh,
well, you know, those Kennedy assassination theorists. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
meantime, this guy wasn't even alive then. You realize how many years ago that is now?
That's like 45 years ago. Well, almost 44 and a half. And he got some 30 something
punk on there talking about, oh, well, you know, the lobby making a big deal out of,
he doesn't even know what he's talking about. Bubblehead. That's because the people on the
24 hour news channels, they no longer can read stuff anymore. They got to do editorial comments
about crap that they have no idea what they're talking about. You jackass, you, you fair,
I was just wild, wild, you believe me? Yep. No. I'm not too happy about it. It sucks.
The Dallas County District Attorney's Orphysis and Unsettles Discovery of a Trove of
Documents relating to the assassination of John Kennedy. Can you imagine a conspiracy? Something
coosable even stuff like that, like, you know, like flying sausages and stuff like that.
What don't happen to my babbling, bro, there she is. Oh my gosh, that's exactly right.
That's the damage. I thought maybe she had too much vaccine buildup. By the way, goodbye,
Joel Feindberg. I forgot to mention that again today. Nice job, Joel. Wait for daddy's money.
Million. Million.
Anyhow, among the documents is an alleged transcript of a conversation between
Lee Harvey Oswald and Jack Ruby, planning the assassination together on behalf of the Mafia.
This document is the greatest amount of interest, but it's also been described as
highly suspect. You know what they mean when they say highly suspect like
like that. Dallas, DA, Craig Watkins, explained the news conference yesterday morning that the
documents were found in a safe amount a year ago, soon after he took Orphus and that a staff
of an examining and catalogue him ever since. Previous DAs had decided not to reveal the information,
but Watkins said his administration devoted openness and felt it was too important to keep secret.
It will open up a debate as to whether there was a conspiracy to assassinate the President of
Hopkins State. Ruby, the owner of a Dallas-Berlus club, shot Oswald while he was in police custody.
Two days after the November 22, 1963 JFK assassination, I watched Ruby shoot Oswald live on TV on NBC.
The transcript has Oswald telling Ruby the Mafia boys in Chicago want to get rid of Attorney General Robert
Kennedy. There's a way to get rid of him without killing him like and shoot his brother.
It's always a lot easier to shoot the President than it is the Attorney General. Right,
the curator of a Dallas-Museum devoted to the assassination is pointed out that Oswald
has known to have been elsewhere October 4th, the alleged date of the conversation.
The safe also contained a 1967 contract with the FDA for a movie about the assassination,
and the DA's assistant to suggest that the transcript was part of a proposed movie script.
They found a bunch of papers unsigned in a box.
And Brad Pitt was there, what's in the box? What's in the box? He was on biography.
Two days ago. And they showed pictures of him when he was like young and really young and old.
He looked like a girl. Huh? He looked like a girl with no breasts. A party girl. He was sure
pretty man. I mean 10. A party male. Wow. One. He was born blind. Right. And then he got like
brown here and then it was a blonde again. Yeah, he's all of us. What? What was a blonde,
but I mean, you know, medium brown, they just get darker as they get older. And gray. Oh yeah,
that too. I never got gray just gay. Yeah, like that. Gray without the art. Gayer. Can't do that
impossibly. Anyway, a new, this is interesting. Of course, all these channels, they got all
these different polls. You know, one yesterday, I think it was on that Lou Dobbs and a crazy
of Bastard and that xenophobic Lou Vah Dobbs. Oh, well, in Texas, swallowry is 85 points ahead and
Ohio 140 points. They'll create just crazy stuff. A new CNN opinion research group
policy just the battle for the nomination between a sort of a Barack Obama and a statistical
that he and Texas, which holds primaries marks for it. Haven't they been saying all along that
she's like 7,000 points ahead in Texas? Yeah, so you don't know because you're not paying attention.
I'm not going to do it with you getting stoner laid. Okay. But I don't know what you're getting
stoner laid. You don't pay any attention to it. Right. And I had him out full of pretzel.
Pretzel. Fair. In the survey, I've yesterday 50% likely Democratic voter support swallowry
and 48% Obama. But taking into account the polls, sampling error, the muscle man is four and a half
points, other races of virtual tie. Two recent polls by other organizations show the races
statistically even. One reason the race appears to be 10 is that Texas Democrats are having a hard
time choosing between two attractive options. This is an important director, Keating Holland.
Likely Democratic primary voters are being equally happy if either candidate won the nomination.
And they don't see a lot of difference between them on several top issues. Oh, issues, what's that?
Issues. What's that kind of do with whether or husband's acting crazy or whether he's using this
seeing other people's speeches? What's it got to do with crap like that? And whether his wife said
something stupid about now she can be proud of America and like that? All you crazy people in the
media looking for some little slip, some piece of herbion somewhere. Oh my god, he said this and she
said that. Just pathetic. Just pathetic. Zine America baby, tragic. Many political strategists,
the analist considered Texas had Ohio which also holds the March 4 primary,
March 1 states for swallowry. Obama's won the past eight contest now hidden the battle for overall
delegates. I'll be knighted here which are at stake in Texas. What was that? Be clear with your
picture. Oh. Among Republicans, 55% in Texas support McCain, 32% in my Cuckaberry, and 11%
support the homestay congressman of former libertarian standard, oh libertarian Ron Paul, that explains
why he's such a nibbish, he's a former libertarian. Texas Democrats and Republicans may not see
I die on issues but the polls suggest they do agree on what's the most important issue.
35% of Democrats and an equal number Republican said the economy was most important as their
choice for president. But I beat the debuute put about well there you go. But today we've got to
work first about Washington. We don't have to work about Washington's state because it doesn't
mean anything for Democrats. No delegates. It's a beauty contest between swallowry and Obama. Believe
me, I don't think either one of them will win any beauty contest you. No. I mean Brad Pitt,
he could win a lot of beauty contest back in the day. Not anymore. Nobody wants to admit that he's
old and lost that love and feeling now you know. And he's a feeling of the growth of craters
that his face that is. Oh man, really bad. He's got even on the moon. Nobody lost forever, you know.
Yeah. Lot of makeup man. 615 on Chris's Jesus pool. You proud? Proud of Jesus? Oh I'm so proud.
Proud of a twerk that, see you're telling me that just it's just it's just so typical of this
place. Well yeah, I shouldn't. How is it possible? And don't you tell me that they have ding dong
school every day? You're ready for that show? I don't know about every day but certainly
frequently. Well if they have ding dong school, like hand-whubbers conducting the ding dong school,
take a hold of somebody's ding dong and tell them they need to be sitting in the chair there
like five minutes to two. The whole point which I expressed very poorly was I wasn't confused by
his inability. That's nothing new. You get people and that people in here all the time. Right.
I was confused about management's misunderstanding of whose job it is to press what button went. Yeah.
I mean wait we have no control over it. He can go in there. Twork could go in there right now and
kind of stuff. All he got to do is press the button. The master can control him. We don't do the show
from the master control room. He might just. He might just what? Go ahead and cut us off. I could use a good
red. See you on some best talent. You know his name projects 4.25. 62 AM. The sports leader.
Hi. I'm a generically bland sports leader. Many sport holes get confused when valentine
day come around. That's the time of the air when closet case sport holes have to pay attention to
women. That's where sport hole bouquet comes in. Their take on your take is due take the
worry out of your take on women. For all bouquet of designed to satisfy a woman's needs. In addition
to banging someone else while you watch whole play the game. So relax. Just give it a flower
and give back to your real game. Watching, talking and dreaming about men.
All 1-800 sport hole bouquet. Keep your dialed to miss sports radio all day and don't
feed the bees. Oh, 11-31 at 5.60 WQ. I'm so how's he doing your good friend? Oh,
you always get upset when I ask you that. He's just fine. Everybody's fine. Yeah. I'm going to
see him today I think. Oh, good. I know. I don't want to get him from me. Had him on the ball.
I'll put him over there. That guy, that network is all hot to try. Hey. And they want to go there.
I mean able to go and get him all kinds of money from that guy. Don't worry. That really when
you stop to think about it this. I'm looking at it. I looked at it as a break. Is one of the funniest
things in the masterpiece. You called it. That's what you called it. And took a lot. I mean a lot of
time. This is typewritten like a single space. 8 million words. Right. It's got the
indented slug paragraphs. Right. In parody maker Boka Brian and having him produce his popular
Boka bits for national syndication. We be amenable to settling those unpaid issues either by
compensating him what's owed to him. Our selves are by sending our legal apartment ahead of them.
Pro Bono and his being maybe this is a from where you're good friend that Boga's lawyer there.
What does his name Jan Marie? Yeah right. Yeah maybe that's from them. Sure.
I wouldn't be surprised. I have a thing to have a lot of time on her hands.
632 on Chris's Jesus Paul. What do you think about Jesus? What's your take on Jesus baby?
How about touchdown Jesus? Here's that article I had threatened to read. Is it too long?
Oh my god. It's almost not too long. Edward Ball on the root.com the Bush family slaveholding
pass was their dynasty bill on slavery. You know how the Brits say dynasty? Yes they did.
Sad. And what about that Diana business? Doodie Fired said doodie on the a rural family.
They killed her. Like that's that's the new news. In addition which so what about it?
Edward Ball says the image most people have of slavery involves a cotton plantation with a big
white house a black village where 300 people live in cabins and a cool overseer in the wings.
This was not the model followed by the ancestors of President George W. Bush when 175 years ago they
enslaved about 30 people on the shores of upper Chesapeake. But third man.
It's an act time to contemplate the link between slavery and the White House. This
weak President Bush is in the midst of a six day trip to Africa is second tour of the continent.
He will visit several countries including Benin Ghana and Liberia. What the hell's Benin?
What? I don't know what you said. It's a little as re-nein country.
From which the U.S. once drew slaves that the trip falls on either side of President's day
which honors statesmanship of the White House makes the occasion all the more fitting.
The moment is mature for the President to speak about slavery especially given his personal
connection to slavery's legacy. A new book by Jacob Weisberg the Bush tragedy
and mentions in passing that at one time some of the President's family owned slaves Weisberg
doesn't dwell on the links between the White House and the antebellum past except the state that
Bush plans stories alongheld family secret. The Bush tragedy revealing a book about family dynamics
and the Bush political dynasty creates the slavery matter only briefly focusing instead on
the spectacular avoidable flame out of the receiving administration. But the story that joins
the 43rd President to predecessors who well titled the dozens of people bears retelling in detail.
The skeletal facts are fizzing April 2007 when an amateur historian named Robert Hughes
published his research in the Illinois Times a small paper out of Springfield.
Hughes found census records showing that during the late 18th and early 19th centuries
in Cecil County, Maryland five households of the Walker family the President's ancestors by
his father's mother Dorothy Walker Bush had been slaveholding farmers. The evidence is simple
but persuasive. Genialities of the Bush family match up with Census Day that accounted farmers who
used enslaved workers. With this the President joined perhaps 15 million living
white Americans who traced the roots to the long gone master class. It's not as though the
presence the only politician whose family owned slaves are the first 18 Presidents from Washington
to Elyseys Grant, 12 owned people, eight of them while at office. At one time Andrew Jackson was
even a slave trader since emancipation in 1865 a number of Presidents have come from families
that once contained slave masters. Even the current presidential hopefuls are likely to have
slave owners among the ancestors. The descendants of slaveholders don't wear special tattoos
or announce themselves in secret handshakes but most know who they are.
The tragic story of America's slave days inspires the sapling levels of fear among whites
and agra among blacks probably neither the 43rd President or his father the 41st possesses the
introspection needed to grasp the relationship between the Bush family's slaveholding past
and its present circumstances without escaping into the defensiveness.
Still President Bush has talked about slavery from several microphones most memorably in a 2003
speech on Grooray Island one of the slave castles in West Africa from which captive youth and
children were dispatched to the Americas. Speech writers likely supplied the words in
that occasion when the President said slavery was one of the greatest crimes of history.
But the words fell short of an accounted by the White House for America's role in the middle
passage and they came before the revelation of the Bush family's own link to the slave past.
As for the African Americans in this tale the Walker family slaves neither names
nearby graphical details about them and survived. According to the genealogists who uncovered
the records Robert Hughes the census account sure that they lived at four different farms in
Cecil County, Maryland on a string of land called Sassafras neck which separates two slender rivers
that empty in the upper Chesapeake Bay probably a little bit like Aintria would imagine.
There in 1790 William and Sarah Davis direct ancestors of the President owned seven people
while other branches of the family owned five. 20 years later when 1810 a third couple of the
President's ancestral family were counted as masters to 18 people the last appearance of the
family as slaveholders of record comes in 1830 when Georgie and Harriet Walker great great great
grandparents of President George W. Bush owned three hundred twenty one acres and two slaves a female
between ten and twenty four and a male between twenty four and thirty six. The namelessness of the
slaves is the fault of the so-called slave schedules used in the census which called for nothing
more than approximate ages. Maso Manus you know like oh maybe twelve maybe forty whatever.
With their small farms the Walker's and their cousins didn't belong to the class of Oleg Arks
Vast plantations held scores of hundreds of workers scores or hundreds. I've looked as they were
dynasties in Cecil County places like Cherry Grove, Form Resins of Maryland Governor and Mount
Harmon of Vast tobacco stay with the Georgian mansion. The Presidents for bears probably saw themselves
as little people in competition with these fat cat neighbors. Still all slaveholders were also
slave traders the President's family had to avail themselves of a slave auction on at least two
occasions initially to buy people and later when a Walker farm failed to sell some of the same
people much the way stockholder liquidates an investment. No story of surface about how it happened
but the mid 1830s it appears that George E Walker the President's third great grandfather lost his
land. After that 1830 80-packed his family into a wagon and went west settling in southern Illinois
on a homestay near the town of Bloomington. It was from this branch of migrants that the
current bush clan descends. And it's more I better do the break okay. There's one more page.
It's moderately interesting you know. As compared to a Brittany I don't have any Brittany stories
today so if you're writing for the Brittany story take a take a hike. Oh god.
I know I got the biggest name. The best town to know is New York's 42-65-69 AM.
I think a sports leader. Oh god.
I'm dying out of here. Bush ignored the city of New Orleans.
Yes some of the people down there say he failed.
Stokes the people in the Amsterdam like cathode.
Oh.
God was in Iraq.
That's a movie.
He cut funding for their levies.
Looters call thing and our team.
In a roof we made a bigger deal.
In search for Natalie Holloway.
For one white girl we drained a lake.
I'd even asked for help from the Navy Seals.
George Bush was vacationing in Crawford.
I guess next year there'll be no Marty Grom.
Girls gone wild needs the city of New Orleans.
For the half-tissed and their film crew to Florida.
Oh my god.
The fate worth the death baby.
16 to aluminum 560 W.F.
We got the jacksuit approximately to a climb.
It's the only show in a history video that started.
Well now I take that back.
We were once fun to tell you.
Right.
We were sure that started like oh well maybe 10 maybe 10 maybe 10 maybe 10.
It doesn't hurt to me. That's funny.
You should bring that up because during those days we didn't know.
Not just from one minute to the next but what hour to the next we were going to be starting.
And yet we didn't miss our cues.
Well that's because we were sitting at we were in in place.
Right waiting for our cue.
Now let me ask you since you met this moron Eric on Friday.
You said you went ahead and had a no seriously.
What is it that he's doing at two o'clock when he's supposed to have that.
Well that's a million dollar question.
You know because there are other little production facilities here as you know.
A couple little rooms over here.
And presuming presumably he's getting stuff ready for the show.
He just doesn't realize that two o'clock happens when it does.
Since it happens at a different time every day.
Thank you.
Wow.
Anyway can I get finish up this column here by the end of the wall.
The Bush family slave holding pass. Can I do it?
All right.
Well you don't sever enthusiastically.
Please do it.
Since the walkers in effect the fair back from seniors in the evidence that kept slaves after them.
After 1838 it's difficult to follow a money trail from the family's commercial stake in slavery to the White House.
However before he took his family wife to selected a George Walker sold the people he owned.
Handing him off to speculating slave dealers.
Thereby financing the family's fresh start in Illinois.
Things get worse when you kind of play the probable circumstances.
In the 1830s the old tobacco economy of Maryland in Virginia was waning.
While the new king, Cotton, had caused Mississippi, Alabama and Georgia to boom.
The tobacco states were selling tens of thousands of slaves to the cotton states and sending these people south.
It's quite possible the Walker slaves were marched 500 miles from Maryland to Alabama to end up on a giant cotton plantation where the work regime, large crews on vast unshaded fields, was prouder than the one they left behind.
The walkers eventually quit farming and made a fortune as drag goods wholesalers in Missouri later they made another as investment bankers in New York.
Nearly all the Bush Walker family money dates from this more recent period after the Civil War.
The family nevertheless seems to have looked back with nostalgia on their old slavehold. There were two pieces of evidence for this.
In the Bush tragedy Jacob Weisper refers to one of the later patriarchs David Walker as a believer in eugenics and the unwritten law of lynching,
and sites as proof of letter Walker published in the San Luis Republic in 1914, black people he wrote at the time were more insidious than prostitution, and all the other evils combined.
The second piece of evidence is within living memory. In 1930 when they could afford to the family and embrace the anti-bellum lifestyle that your president pushes great grandfather George Herbert Walker bought Duncanon plantation,
an old cotton estate in South Carolina to use as a honey retreat and vacation home. His namesake George Herbert Walker Bush the current president's father spent many youthful vacations on Duncanon where teams of black cooks, valleys and drivers served him and opened doors when he approached.
The Bush here is no longer owned on Canon plantation, but for a time the estate provided a version of the baronial life to which the anti-bellum walkers aspired but never achieved.
The heirs of slaveholders aren't responsible for the past, but in a better world they'd be accountable for that past, they'd make an effort to deal with a slave's story, talk about it, and try to come to terms with it.
At present the Bush political dynasty seems to be dying and misrule finished off by a president who has widespread rights is driven by family demons overflowing with confidence and lacking any capacity for self-knowledge.
The Bush plan may not be capable of reckoning personally with the tragic inheritance of slave days, but this week on his state visit the president sets forth in three countries that sent hundreds of thousands of captives to America.
Today some of the tens of millions of descendants of those captives want a white house that's accountable and West Africa president Bush had a superb opportunity like the one presented to a physician attending a wound.
A sound physician would choose instinctively to apply medicine not simply turn away in denial and neglect.
Edward Ball author of slaves in the family most recently, the genetic strand.
How's he doing by the way? Is he back on the air for the hundredth time? Is he doing politics now? Is he doing the voices that we got Margaret back on again? Are you sure?
I don't know. Well you talk about a guy who's going through a more different incarnations man, unbelievable. Am I right?
Yeah well maybe one of these days one of them will work. Now what does that mean? Was that a fact?
Yeah, I mean he's had his ups and downs. How about you go up and stay up?
Speaking of that, Bubba. Bubba is down. In my opinion anyway, I've seen that when I get angry. He talks such nonsense man, such garbage.
Chief shots. Democratic political professionals worry that former president Bill Clinton is out of control and destroying his wife's campaign after reportedly slapped a heckler at a rally in Ohio and got into a shot and matched with another one.
Party insiders held Capitol Hill blue that the former president's hair trigger temper is surfacing more and more as he campaigns for his wife and his actions are detrimental to the party and to the senator, the swoolery.
We are looking at a man out of control says one Clinton advisor. He won't stay on message and too often seems like a madman on stage. He has to be stopped or removed from the campaign.
Source is saying green abusive Clinton routinely choose out campaign staffers and even members of a secret service detail.
Associated press reports a Barack Obama supporter claims former president Clinton slapped his face after he repeatedly heckled him during a speech in Ohio.
Robert Holman made the allegation after he chanted Obama's name as Clinton campaigned for his wife at a rally in Canton yesterday.
As soon as Clinton finished speaking the Canton native darted to the rope line to give Clinton a piece of his mind. This is the last to raw after March 4th Hillary will be out of the race for good.
No, Obama will take the commanding lead. He said she should back him with her delegates immediately. That's when I'm asking him to do a Holman heckle.
Holman told MSNBC that Clinton was irate and jabbed his finger at him. I think he even hit me in the face with his hand. He said he gave me a little pop.
Like that. No pizza but a little pop.
Clinton could be seen pointing at Holman but it was unclear whether there was any physical contact. In Stubanville Clinton got angry at another heckler.
The National Journal reports a frustrated Bill Clinton angrily raised his voice in response to heckling from pro-life protesters at a rally in Stubanville.
When protesters first held up signs reading abortion killed children, the former president responded calmly, outlining his wife's path policy to help children and mothers.
When interrupted a second time by a more vocal heckler, Clinton shouted in response and stabbed his finger at the protester.
I gave you the answer we disagree with you. He said impatiently, you want to criminalize women and their doctors and we disagree.
If you are really pro-life, you want to put every doctor and every mother as an accessory to murder in prison you can do as the crowd applauded in its support.
And you won't say you want to do that because you know that wouldn't have a lick of political support.
This is not your rally. He concluded still agitated. I heard you. That's another thing you need. A president somebody will stick up for individual rights and not be pushed around and she won't. Gosh dang it. That's what Bubba said.
How do you like that? He's pissed off and fired up now. He's headed.
You had it? I had it. Up to you. Yeah. Right. Like what's his name? Like that idiot.
Brian Cox outrages. Broadcasting. Yes.
660 on a pool. We had a shot of 750 like I said. Not exactly taking off. Well, that's an old pool.
Yeah, right. That was an old pool. I experienced not too many. Not many.
Not at all. Got to look around. Really? Yeah. Okay. I'll see. I'll see. I'll start it too.
Doug Thompson on Capitol Hill Blue says time for a real leader.
Hillary Rodham Clinton claimed she had solutions while Barack Obama only had speeches.
Obama, she says, borrowing old Texas Cree, she has all hat and no cattle.
From this vantage point, we'll take Obama's words over Clinton's solutions.
Given her performance in last day Democratic presidential primaries, we'd also say Hillary's all hat and no delegates.
As her rhetoric turned shriller, Clinton finds herself with fewer ears to assault.
Blacks deserve her in droves to back Obama. Latina's are taken a second look at the senator from Illinois,
and liking what they see her basement older white women erodes daily.
At her cabinet's campaign headquarters in Arlington, senior staff members screaming each other and point fingers of blaming anyone but themselves.
Her attack dog has been neutered by a backlash against his overgriffs of tactics last month.
Now it is the same shrill rhetoric as his wife.
Hillary's in trouble and it shows in every movement, every action, every bungled attempt to jumpstart her campaign.
Her new strategy, putting everything on the line in delegate rich states of Texas, Ohio and Pennsylvania, threatens to turn her into the Rudy Giuliani of the Democratic Party.
She may still pull this one out. Nobody in politics can top the Clinton's on comebacks, but this time the odds are longer and the opponent may be better than the if they gain them them.
This single-bama speeches at best risky strategy. Barack Obama is an exciting candidate and his charismatic appeal restores faith in the political system in many Americans despise because the last seven years of George W. Bush, the eight years before that of Bill and Hillary, and in terms of other presidents going back to Richard M. Nixon and Watergate.
Obama brings hope in the time of despair and entracts those dissolution by the system back in the electoral process, as Americans we desperately need to feel good again about our country.
We need someone to restore that pride that the Bushes, the Clintons and others have stripped away with too many lies, too many scandals and too many assaults on our freedoms.
Call it the man on the White Horse Syndrome, writing in to save the day. Perhaps it's fitting that the man writing their White Horse may be black, and another time perhaps it could be a woman on the White Horse, but this at this time in place that woman doesn't appear to be Hillary, Rodham Clinton.
Barack Obama is not perfect, no human beings should claim perfection, and no voters should expect it, but a real leader inspires the nation to hear what she serves, a real leader motivates, a real leader restores hope to a nation in despair, and this time based on what we see in here, Barack Obama is that leader in Hillary Clinton is not.
Amen, Doug. He's still alive, okay? He's hitting with 50 million shots, and he's still alive.
That's bad news for you, for me, and bad news for you if you don't get something to make that deal.
Do the jaw thing. What? You got to do the jaw thing when you say that.
Oh, you know, sideways. Let me worry about Ducca.
Yeah, let me worry about Ducca. Ducca brushes his lips with the fish.
Oh, there's Tessio again, I mean, that's Lamentza. You Bozo.
And it's so obvious, you know, you just, you need to do a lot more homework. You haven't, you've only seen like maybe a hundred, twenty times.
What kind of thing about that? What? You know, you've been wrong in your life. No. I'm sorry. I was wrong about that.
I'm always wrong. Okay. Oh yeah, I'm always wrong no matter what. I mean, ask my mother if she ever comes back home. Oh yeah. Always wrong.
Whatever I do, it's the wrong thing. Whatever I say it's wrong. I'm used to it. Doesn't bother me at all.
670 votes on Chris's Jesus poll. What do you believe about Jesus? Don't you think we ought to do a Castro poll for tomorrow?
Yeah, sure. Let's put one together right now. Let me give you the result of a Jesus poll.
325 say he was one of many self-proclaimed prophets. 164, 24% of quarter of this audience say he was the Messiah. Yeah, Yoschki.
There never was any such person 96. He was a snappy dresser 85. That's what the photo show. I bet he he shopped at Abercrombie and bitch.
Yeah, it's Paco's I think he's given up on it. He's an adult. Take a bon anaya stuff like that. Well, at least he's got good taste and he's moving up in the world.
Okay, Pearl, I'm Castro. What's your take? Right? I'm Castro's resignation. Sure. You like that? Okay.
I was thinking what's going to happen now that Castro has resigned and then we just put one choice on there. Nothing.
Yeah, that's a judgeful for you. Okay, what's your take? We'll get 2000 votes. It's great. Right? Right. It won't change your thing. Right? I don't care. Right? I don't give a damn.
And come on Easter, come on Easter. Oh, yeah. Right? Sure. First off, Florida, man. Come on Easter, come on Easter. I love that. It is really.
Okay, that's it. There's your poll for tomorrow. I mean our poll, whatever whoever is the working on the show. Maybe we can get what's his name to fill in for a while. Eric.
Not not. Okay. We don't want to confuse our poll man Eric who's a great guy with a knitwood that's running around the building trying to figure out which side is up and which side is down.
We'll just keep calling tweak. Tweak. Torp. What point? The best talent. He does his nail Rogers. 4.5.62 am. He makes 4th leader. This is pretty quick. Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the nail Rogers 12-1 hour.
It's been a long time since they've rocked and rolled, but now they're back. It's the lead's heaven last step on the stairway to heaven tour. Robert Plaggimmy page.
John Paul Jones together again playing all the songs they can still remember. Like what a whole lot of metamusel, miracle ear communication right now.
When this or any adult undergarment break cashmere cardigan sweater. Hey, what did you say? And many more.
Let's step on the stairway to heaven tour tickets on sale now. Ask about an AARP discount.
692 vote on the poll. We're going to make that 750 of its the last thing we do. You'll see I think we can shoot for about two million. What do you say? Oh, sir.
Years after he let a revolution over through the government of Fujitsu.
Batista. Batista is stepping down today. The casters message. Let me ask you the question. This guy's name is Morgan Neal.
He looks as angry with anybody I've ever seen in my life. Why is he saying? Fulensio Batista. Why is he doing that? People do that.
Television. I don't know why everywhere. Now what has been the reaction? Well, so far it's been fairly subdued among some of the people we've talked to.
Simply because they say they've seen a year and a half now with Raoul Castro ahead of the country albeit provisionally we were told.
A lot of them are saying that this was this was the wise decision given that Fidel Castro's age given that his condition that this is the best decision that could be taken.
Now a lot of the young people we've talked to said they're not to consent who holds the titles at the top of power.
What they want to know is who's going to make the changes that they've been asking for over and over and increasingly in recent weeks.
All right. Have you? Wow. Great. So in other words, I'm actually doing about nothing. Fidel Castro's decision not to seek re-elections present.
Maybe just to break his brother by will has been waiting for to make significant changes in the Alan's economy.
Although Raoul has been ruling Cuba for 19 months. Casra's been ailing. He's been ailing.
Cuba watched his eyes had his hands tied with a looming presence of his brother. And with today's announcement that Cuba's 81-year-old leader was stepping down after nearly 50 years in office Raoul could use the opportunity to enact economic reforms and Cuban so desperately crave.
I don't think it'll be more the same decision economist Oscar Espino said chickpea said by phone from Ivana.
It's not what we in Cuba want. We want democracy in freedom. But this could be the time for some economic changes and maybe long term some political changes.
Yeah, democracy in freedom. That's what we want in the USA. So we used to have once upon a time release some of it.
Castro announced the blood of the Cuban people today. His health will not allow him to accept another term as president.
His move came five days before the National Assembly meets to elect the new council of the state and its president.
In his letter for the Elecnaudius claiming health means he was not up to the job. It would be a betrayal of my conscience to accept a reality read that.
This I say and devoid of all drama, your mama. Cubans in Miami took the news and stride dismissing Castro's resignation as an insevenant development while maintaining hope for future change.
In Africa, president President Bush said he hoped this was the beginning of democracy. That's right. We're going to re-exploiting democracy all over the world whether you want it or not.
And if you don't want our brand of democracy, we're going to invade your country and kill people. How do you like that? That's right.
That's right. What do you want to hear?
The question really should be what does this mean for the people in Cuba who said they're the ones who severed under Fidel Castro. They're the ones who were put in prison because of their beliefs.
They're the ones who've been denied their right to live in a free society. He said, like he knows something about that.
But most Cubans believe that the president's evil wind up in the hands of Raul, the world's longest serving defense minister.
This is Raul's opportunity to consolidate power, said the Espinoza. Who's that? Is that the Jockey Espinoza?
Yeah, sure.
Laura Polan, I wonder if she's related to Laura Polan, the artist driver.
Laura Polan, I remember they disengrew ladies in white, said this is Raul's chance to prove that he's really interested in reform by freeing more than 200 political prisoners in Cuba.
Polan's husband Hector Masada, Masada, is serving a 20-year sentence.
I wonder if Hector Masada knows Isabella Cassada.
Isabella Cassada.
Isabella Cassada.
Oh my God. Now he'll feel more like president, as he said. He hasn't felt like the president.
The ever-indecuaticism is the end-room leader. They call him chief of the armed forces.
He knows that while Fidel is alive, Fidel will always be the one giving orders.
Even from the shadows. He's looking in the shadows, baby.
It remains to be seen whether the 76-year-old Raul will be elected as new president.
All the casters widely expect to retain a strong voice in the country's strategic decisions for the time being.
Raul may also be able to wield power from his current positions, and allow the council to state to choose a younger leader, like the ones Casual alluded to in today's letter.
The following is? Nope, no.
The government has periodically released videos and snapshots of it, looking at first frail and gonged and later more healthy.
His signature military fatigue has been well already run.
It's boring.
It's boring, man. Same old, same old, baby.
So how would Fidel, you know, when he dies, that's when they'll have the big parade.
Remember, they were all whipped up about that for a while there?
He was dying, and he had, like what's his name? Like, I'm in Roth.
He's been dying on the same heart attack for 20 years.
Remember that? That's right. That's a very good comparison.
Like my mom died on the same heart attack as the former born.
Like my mother, she kept saying, I think I'm on the way out now.
And finally she was. Oh, God. What a nudge.
Hayward, California police and federal investigators did the grunt work and it paid off.
They tracked down in the rest of the cell phone call.
I believe to a phone emergency 911 number, more than 27,000 times, making bodily noises, muttering into the sky's voice, and pressing the beep tone.
All right. Well, I can't imagine what those bodily noises might have been.
It might have been one of them. On Wednesday night, police arrested John Triplett, 45 of Hayward, on suspicion of abusing the 911 emergency line.
A misdemeanor punishment by a thousand dollar fine, and over six months in jail.
He completely overwhelmed our system, said, desi calisata, manager of the Hayward Communications Center, which operates 911.
He delayed the answering of other 911 calls because we were busy answering his.
It all started last May when the California Highway Patrol Communications Center in Vallejo began receiving copious 911 calls from a mysterious car using a team-level cell phone.
Over seven month period, the caller placed 17,000 calls to the CHP. I wonder who the calls were.
Hi! Project!
You think? I know. It could have been.
The caller would make various noises, including grunts and other bodily noises, minimal conversation of the sky's voice, beeps from the touch pad, etc.
According to Lieutenant Chris Orey, a spokesman for the spokeswoman for the Hayward Police Department, no relation to Don Orey, who's to play with the lost in Bruins, number 26.
In a single week, the center received 13,000 and 27 calls from the same phone, inflating the number of incoming calls by 30%.
Third, man!
Then calisata and Hayward Police detected Bill Alexander, contact to the FCC, which can track 911 frequencies and pinpoint a single caller's location.
But before he was dead, the caller managed to grunt in another 10,000 calls to the police, as well as 4,000 of the Salano County Sheriff's Department Orey, sitting in the written statement.
Another 10,000! Do you understand what we're talking about here?
I have no idea.
Wow!
When the investigators finally located the cell phone in Triplotomani, 24,000 block of amateur street, Triplot apologized for making the calls.
His explanation for the calls? Triplotomani's because it's free.
How do you like that? It's free, baby! In other words, if it's free, it's me, right? And don't call me today, remember, leave me alone.
I've got a lot of big plans today. I have no idea what they are, but I'll make some. I'll invent some.
You know what I mean?
Right.
Why does he bother me? Why does he keep bugging me?
I'll never understand people like that. Ever.
I mean, what is it that I can say?
I don't want to be around anybody that doesn't want to be around me, so I don't understand how other people are okay with that.
Well, now sometimes I'd like to be around some people who don't want to be around me, but they run fast.
I see.
Well, you know what?
The little different yet.
Yeah, that's a different kind of being around. And he sure is telling one of them.
Bye, Rimmer. Have a good game, can I, baby? Hope the least when, like, 10 zip Columbus straightjack hits my ass, you know?
705 votes on the Jesus Pool. Chris has got a high hopes for 800, right? Something like that.
Maybe I'll see the Eric to the other one.
Oh, yeah. Let's change it now.
They don't like the Jesus Pool. We've done it before anyway.
How many votes did we do on the Jesus Pool the first time we've done it? 814.
I don't want to wait that long.
Do you?
No.
No.
Well, I think the Castro Pool is a little more timely than Jesus for Christ's sake.
Hey, it's always time for Jesus. Is it Jesus Christ?
It's Jesus time. Tell that to a twerk there, tweak. Tell me two o'clock it's Jesus time.
For Christ's sake. Get him in there. Get his head. What a moron. And then he goes ahead and blames us.
Oh, but see, that's why you should have bitch slapped that idiot.
And you, you're always to everybody's face. Oh, yeah. Hi.
I'm so nice to meet you.
I said it on the earth.
That's what got you mad at me. Why are you saying this now? That's what got you mad at me this morning.
Because I was scared.
Because I was scared.
Because I was scared.
I know. In their face on the air to their face to both of them.
Come on, Easter, come on Easter. That was my vote.
And also something said it won't change the thing.
We got the new poll up there. What's your take on Castro's resignation?
Come on, Easter, come on, Easter. It won't change the thing. I don't give it them or it's great.
And the social is the biggest thing.
To the best out to your business.
For you, 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Neon God.
Hello, I'm Hillary Clinton. Do you have problems controlling your husband?
Boy, I did until I got the Clinton collar.
You media people just want Obama to win because he's black.
How, how, how?
See what I mean? Any time Bill says something stupid they can hurt my campaign.
I just give him a little shock.
Did you see him snub my wife? Did you? He snub my wife?
Shut up, Bill. The Clinton collar works just like a dog training collar.
Attach it to his neck.
And he's under my control.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
So when people ask me if I can control my husband, I say sure thing.
Thanks to the Clinton collar. I'm Hillary Clinton and I approve this method.
Oh, please, Hillary stop.
Come on, Easter, come on, Easter.
You've got three votes on a new pool. I like that. That's my favorite.
It's really.
Thank you.
Come 16 at 560 W.Q.M.
Don't forget to Jack Show comes up today following this one about on on 203 205.
Whenever Eric, whatever his name is, tweak.
Yes.
Now, when you think today of all days that he's going to be in there for sure after all the attuning out and all the anglers.
He was there yesterday. He was why?
He was there yesterday, but of course, you know, there was a major production involved.
What do you mean by that?
I'll tell you that's when Clarence came in here like four or five times, you know, making sure that.
Oh, my God.
That we were good as you are right thing.
As if.
Oh, if we just learn how to end the show, you know something maybe we ought to stop doing that at the end of the show.
I offered and he said that there no, that's all.
And I got to do a choice pretty quick here, man.
Next break, make a little bit early, Chris.
No worries.
Because all of a sudden Joyce is wiling up inside my colon.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, well, yeah.
You can't enjoy yourself.
My hand at Alphaya had branded Prince Philip a Nazi and a racist in the high court yesterday.
As he detailed his belief that his son, Dutie and Diana, Princess of Wales, were murdered.
And a conspiracy initiated by the Royal Family and carried out with the involvement of Tony Blair,
and the security services and others.
By the end of his day in court, Faya's listed participants in the alleged murder plot and,
cover up and come to his dying sister, Sarah and Corcadale, and her husband, Robert Fellows,
two former Chiefs of London Police, the British ambassador to France, driver Ami Paul, two French toxicologists,
a partridge in the Fair Tree, members of the French Medical Service, three bodyguards he once employed,
and several other princesses, closest friends.
All of these things.
Wow.
In the letter of the Intelligence and Security Committee in February 2006, Faya had said that such a momentous and horrific action
would have been directly sanctioned by the Prime Minister.
Parts of the letter were read aloud yesterday, Richard Horwell, QC.
What is QC?
Out of the...
Acting at the inquest of the Metropolitan Police Commissioner asked Faya to confirm,
the list of conspirators, those who are involved in this, can be at Tony Blair to this list, and Faya had replied,
you can.
The Herod's owner repeated the court as claims that Diana was killed because she was pregnant at the time of her death,
and that she and Dune had planned to announce her engagement.
Then it told me on the telephone she was pregnant until the inquest, I was the only person that they told.
A couple called him to announce her intention to marry, and hour before the crash-fire had said,
but he later seemed unclear about whether he had been told as some was about to propose,
or that Dune had done so and Diana had accepted.
He said the Princess's friends who told the inquest there was no way she could have been pregnant,
or contemplating, uh, remarriage, were lying, and said all the witnesses have been same as the part of the cover-up,
and have been told what to say.
He said Diana told him she knew Prince Philip and Prince Charles were trying to gr-
rid of her a month before the crash.
Faya had named a photographer James Eddinson is the most likely suspect to have carried out the murder on the orders of the security services.
Eddinson's body was found in a burnt-out car in 2000, and he's believed to have committed suicide.
It was an accident and somebody got hurt.
The inquest already heard that Eddinson had produced enough evidence to show that he was at home in Lin-Yea,
a 177 miles south of the French capital, at the time of the crash.
There was one paparazzi member in the pay-of-security services.
This is likely to have been James Eddinson who had ex-acted the murder in his own fiat,
pushed the car in a strobe like having been used to blind Henri Paul Faya had said.
A steel wall from the security services prevented him from providing proof of all his claims,
I've been fighting for 10 years to be where we are today throughout the jury.
He's pissed off and fired up. The only problem is nobody cares.
You care about Prince Diana?
Prince says no.
She's dead, right?
It's time to send Philip back to Germany where he came from, Faya said.
You know his original name, it ends with Frankenstein.
Ian Burnett, QC for the coroner, asked Faya to have his allegations stemmed from your belief that Prince Philip is not wearing a racist but a Nazi as well.
Absolutely, Faya replied.
Absolutely.
Charles participated in the hope that he would then be able to marry his long-term mistress Camilla Parker-Bulls Faya.
It said, if I had this misuggestion to Diana's previous relationship with a Muslim heart surgeon,
Hassan Atcon was serious saying he was just a friend.
Maybe some relations, how can she marry someone like that who lives in a council flat and has no money?
Yeah, some piker like that, how she gonna marry a schlepper like that.
Yeah.
Faya said the conspiracy was coordinated for Philip from the British Embassy in Paris by the Queen's private secretary,
fellow Mr. Michael J.
They then in British Ambassador France was also in, everybody was involved.
I was involved.
George was involved and I think Chris was out too.
Chris was calling the shots.
And you know what, that's where, what's his name?
That's where Twigid was at the time.
That's why he wasn't on the board.
Maybe he was in the telegoing, you'll get a boogie.
Yeah, that's right.
He was out.
Boogie Boogie, Diana, Henry Paul, the drunken prod driver.
Oh, there's swallowing.
After a year, the way I judged what I did was whether or not I'd helped people.
Wait, I made a difference.
No, I scored a few more for this.
Well, come on, squirt a few.
Yeah.
You get back to boogie.
What?
You can't even get back to boogie vision.
Well, I think if she gets locked in Wisconsin tonight, I don't know what's gonna happen.
Because the polls are all over the place, like they always are lately.
But if she gets locked tonight, man, it's gonna be nine in a row.
And how do you know she's gonna lose in Hawaii?
So that's gonna be 10.
10 in a row, it's a bad streak, honey.
A bad streak, just like the mean streak in your husband.
That he's displaying all over the place lately.
47 votes on our new poll now.
If we add these to the first one, can we make, what can we make?
Chop liver.
Something like that.
What do we have on the first one?
7 or 5.
Oh, like I said, we can make 800.
Anybody care about that?
No.
You're gonna write it down in the Guinness Book of Records?
No!
What's your take on Castro's resignation?
That's our very important poll.
Now I'm gonna run in Joyce, man.
I'm gonna race down the hall.
And unleash it all.
Really?
At least try.
So if I'm not back, you know, of course you know me a cover.
You're always back.
But I'm always back for 20 of time.
We'll be ready anyway.
It won't change the thing Castro's resignation.
That's what 20 people say so far.
That's the obvious correct answer, right?
Right.
I don't give it to him, fifth.
I go to communist, communist, and then you know,
I'm gonna say no, no, no, whatever.
Yeah, who cares?
Okay, so we can go to Glace, baby.
Speak of the list.
And it's great.
Three.
Yeah.
I got a little Robert Creeper's not here anymore,
so I couldn't get that right.
Now where did he wind up going off to?
Actually, he ended up staying here,
and he's working for the city of Miami.
Or something like that.
And still working here occasionally.
Run!
Yep.
Still working on QIN, Robert Creeper, the Grand Prix for the Lord of the Born?
Yeah, he did a mandatory yesterday, I think.
He did manage yesterday.
I hope they had a good time.
What's the biggest name?
The best out of T.
He's in the politics.
4.560 QAM.
I think.
Fourth, leader.
He ends down as dirt.
Yeah, the country's in bankruptcy, and when I listen to this argument,
I mean, I find it rather silly.
We should be defading foreign policy.
There's a guy who's running, we don't know him still.
Who is run, Paul?
Who is run?
Are you there during the fate I can tell?
Who is run?
Who is run?
Who is run?
Who is just what are your views?
You know, the 70s were horrible.
I never see you on the news.
I hate to break it to you, but I think you're gonna lose.
Who is run?
Who is run?
And we have these silly arguments going on about who said,
what, where?
Pop the canter, then the crack that anybody knows.
Who is run?
Who is run?
Can you play the guitar on the tonight show?
Who is run, Paul?
Who is run?
Do we really exist?
When will you see you in a caucus?
You're aiming for the right, I thought I think you're gonna miss.
Who is run, Paul?
Who is run?
What is the body gonna come from?
From 28 to 560, everybody, QM, in honor of Lincoln's birthday in presidency,
I just dropped a Lincoln log.
Wow!
Did you proud?
Did you?
Well, we get a whole bunch more, and we can like go to log cabin.
Ooh, that'd be a republicans.
68 votes on the new poll there.
What do we got?
We got to get him or get him?
We're getting there though, right?
Right.
I'm not asking you, I'm asking the pollmeister.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
What a lump.
We got the lump, and then Jack's, he's got the skunk.
I'll stanch you, manure emnates from that control room chair in nothing in the big studio there.
Well, that's from Jack's.
I'm not talking about Josh Friedman either.
I'm sure he left the funny behind.
Oh, yeah.
I'm talking about your good-class buddy, Eric, Torp, Tweek, Twink, uh, Stink.
And we haven't even started partying.
What are you talking about?
Oh, I'm sure we're gonna go party in at some point.
Are you an Eric?
And, uh, Abjax, and the whole Guns in his book.
What the hell are you talking about?
Nothing, nothing.
A Washington Post-Doug editor killed us around a New Orleans madam, who alleged she arranged
Trist for Louisiana Senator David Vitor, Republican Louisiana, a post-Gossip columnist said,
post-Gossip guru Amy Arkecinger arranged it in every with a madam in New Orleans after Vitor admitted his name appeared on it.
What is this madam crack?
Okay, what is it?
I don't know.
The good-class editor's name appeared on the phone records of a DC madam.
Speaking to the Washington City papers, Eric Wimple, an article published Friday, she said,
a red-editor Steve Reese, spiked the story around sourcing grounds.
Reese was aware that everyone else was writing about her, but said, we can't use that as an excuse,
in essence, that the post had to take the higher moral ground Arkecinger said in an email.
Next day, she said she found the article on the post-website, which reported the same allegations in the AP story.
The DC grad said, maybe, and wasn't mad at the quantity of interview, I guess I was arguing,
look, the post already tainted here, she said, but claims that the post-executive editor lend down the agreed with vice.
The tidbit was appeared in the largest story about the post-most first caught by Big Head DC,
a Washington DC blog, or anything like Big Head DC.
So what did that, what did that say?
I don't know, Big Head, they killed the story about the Republicans.
Well, we already know he's a prevert.
He's screwing around, another phone, he will only finger pointing, whore, myster, that's all, all the same, man.
They like it, they want it, they're doing it, and they talk a bunch of crap.
Talk a bunch of Kakka.
Kakka?
I think we're the sneezes now, too.
Boy, it's coming out of all ends now.
Well, it's a good thing we already got that joy set of the way, Raltz.
But that's true, when you sneeze in and yell, yeah, hit!
And you're right on the verge, God only knows what kind of thing.
Right, on godly things.
Christine Pelosi, daughter, speaking of on godly, daughter of the speaker, and more notably at the moment,
a super delegate, wants a massive disillusionment of voters should the Democratic Party officials back,
a presidential nominee who didn't win the pledge of delegate vote.
Amen to that, we're going to have a revolution on, baby, if they pull that crap.
Super delegates, you know what that is?
Party hacks.
Right.
Party hacks.
In other words, all you may need is the people come out and vote and get all whipped up.
And then no matter what you say, we're going to decide.
Because we're the party hacks.
Many of us are elected by the grassroots of the party, she said.
And I can't imagine going home in November to look to those people and try to phone back someone for someone,
oh, brother, I can't imagine going home in November to those people and try to phone back for someone who did not capture the pledge of delegate vote.
We were all galvanized by what happened to Al Gore and Florida.
Pelosi has been a DNC member since 1996 and recently after the book, Campaign Boot Camp.
Acknowledged being heavily a petition from campaign surges but declined to say for whom she would devote.
She did, however, list different attributes upon which we're super delegate vote will be based.
Who's building upon a base of volunteers, who's bringing the party together, the best indicators of future performance?
That sounds like Barack Obama to me.
You know what I'm saying?
I have no life.
That's so little incorrect.
And that too.
I have no life.
And her interview with the Huffington Post, she spoke freely and had length with some of the challenges facing the $796 Superdelligants as the presidential nomination seemingly falls into their laps.
What for instance should the party do about the primary elections of Michigan and Florida, which did not occur to DNC rules, carry any delegates for which the Victoria Swallow Reclaim campaign is hoping that counted.
It's always nice to have a bunch of delegates counted when there was nobody else running against you like in Michigan, nobody else's name on a ballot.
Of course they should be involved.
I can't imagine a scenario personally where they're not.
The question is how was said Pelosi?
She then playfully suggested a novel idea.
Splitting the state's delegates 50-50 to Obama and Clinton, in which he argued a lot for representation of each state.
Why not change it to the dynamics of the race?
It won't count in its favor.
Of course she had the idea.
We sit back in what the process do its will and by the time you get to June and World Matter.
By the time you get to June and World Matter, that is of course if Obama wins tonight, Hawaii, and...
Wisconsin.
And then next week, would that be something if you have Senator in Texas?
Too many of you are Juliozo, too many of you are Mexicans man.
Here.
What?
You're working on Mexicans again?
Not me.
You'll be very pleased to know a man that Taco Taco, since his lunch hour, is going to driving school tonight.
I'm not a very pleased to know.
Hello, I'm sorry.
That he went to school and that he's going to drive me to school.
Well, it's going to be something. Two schools in one day.
I'm even excited he's getting the acting taken care of.
I'm a school day?
Not that. I mean, you'd think that that could wait but still.
No.
Why do you care about that?
Hey, because it makes you happy man.
I don't care if he's got acting or not.
What do you think it makes me happy?
Makes him happy.
Oh, I see what you're happy.
I see what you're happy about.
I see what you're happy about.
I see what you're happy about.
I see what you're happy about.
I try to make everybody else happy.
I'm not happy, but I spend my whole life trying to make everybody else happy.
I'm sure a lot of you people listening to me right now relate to that.
And George.
Uh-huh.
We don't have to be happy.
That's not important.
No.
In fact, it's really a truth.
But boy, we've got to work our asses off trying to make sure that everybody else is happy.
Is everybody happy now?
Come on, let's hear it.
I'll let you know when I get there if you let me know when you do.
Oh, yeah.
Don't hold your breath.
Oh, no.
In fact, last night I was so not happy.
Because you know, I send the professor an email every night in the mySpace.
And by the way, bitch, whoever the bitch is that sent me a long solid an answer.
You people on mySpace to think I'm going to put these things on.
Or all these ads, you know.
Oh, she got spam benefits and ad.
Is it?
She got, uh, fished.
Really?
People don't send ads on purpose.
Somebody got their password.
They got phoned.
And then they send it.
They'll scroll out in people's names.
Yeah, go fish.
Go fish.
So anyway, I sent a short and very depressing email to the professor.
And I'm laying in bed at like 10 to 11 in my blackberry or the phone rings.
And it was him when that's sweet.
Uh-huh.
Trying to like go calm me down, bring me back to earth.
And then they said, oh, by the way, if you want to take some of those pills now, it's a good idea.
Because I'm still in the way.
Pill rhymes with will.
Sure.
Where there's a will.
There's a film.
You can say that.
Yeah.
Where does the will is a dead guy leaning on.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to say that hasn't crossed my mind every now and then because it's been a,
it's been a brutal, I don't know.
Yeah, don't.
Don't want.
Don't do it.
Why not?
You're too young.
I'll do whatever I want to do.
How do you like that?
But what if you don't want it?
The sunny shining.
No, well, I don't want it.
Or not right now.
The sunny shining a little bit, speaking through the clouds.
I'm going to say that this winter has been really crap here.
I'm not going to lie to you.
Oh, it's minus eight.
So it's also cold as hell.
Christ.
Christ on a crutch.
And we're another expression ever come from Christ on a crutch.
Well, I don't like it.
Yeah, everybody knows that it was South Olasato who had the crutch.
Who?
Lazarus.
Lazarus sounds like some Jewish guy.
Probably was, were they all?
Yeah.
Baruch, I thought, annoyed.
You know, we have one dropout who was much earlier though on the streaming.
Much earlier.
And I didn't have any complaints because I haven't heard from our close friend Brandon yet today.
So I haven't heard, ah, the streaming's down there.
You know, or anything else.
Good or bad or indifferent.
Hey, good luck.
That's fine.
You know, I understand.
Yeah, right.
It was a holiday.
So people who worked today, they got to make up for it.
They were screwing off yesterday.
Right?
Like you.
You had to work.
Right?
A ledge, but from what I hear.
And what were you talking about to the suds came in and was that yesterday?
Yeah, it came in and it did.
And noon.
So that got you off the hook.
That's right.
Did it screw up all your arrangements?
No, it was all part of the arrangements.
Oh, good.
Good thinking.
Speaking of crutches, you know.
It screws up all my arrangements.
Oh.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
Congratulations.
I'm what?
I just sent you an email from talkers magazine.
You're number 76 on the top 100.
Oh, great.
I like Iraq.
I used to be number 15.
That in the devil get you a cup of coffee at San Diego.
Yeah.
And I'll manage.
You got to mention for a sports talk.
What do you mean you got to mention?
They have like the top 101-250 in kind of your service.
What do you send us to?
Your y'all.
Oh.
Yeah.
So, uh, Manage was mentioned as one of the top sports talkers.
One new.
Here comes Chris Whalen.
Top 100 talkers.
Let's see.
I used to be 15, and I was 50 some, and I'm down to 76.
Draught like a rock, like a whale.
Like a whale?
Oh, look at that.
Tweet told me about it.
Well, come and go twick his ass.
The heavy hundred.
Look at that.
Rush Limbaugh number one.
Sean Hannity.
Michael Savage and Nazi.
Dr. Laura Slesenger, another Nazi bitch.
Glenn Beck, another one.
Laura Ingram, another one.
Don I'm a...
Ed Schultz, my gatherer, never heard of him.
Neil Borth's terminally comb inducing.
Bill Oranali, Bill O.
Dave Ransey never heard of him.
Howard Stern is number 13.
Wow.
Man Cowell, his audience in soccer.
Oh, oh.
Point O.
Yeah.
Doesn't even make the needle move on the Richter scale.
Mark Levin, never heard of Alan Combs.
Oh yeah, sure.
Opian Anthony, 17th.
Joe Madison, 18th.
How the hell do I get down to 76?
O Lionel is number 31.
Tom Don't like us 31.
With those stupid shards.
What are Jackass?
Oh my God.
Ron Owens and KG.O.
Who's one of the best?
He's number 50.
So I don't feel so bad now.
Ron Owens is great.
He's probably a hundred years old now.
Like me.
76.
Neil Rogers, W.D.C.
Have an icon in South Florida talk radio.
Mid-mornings on Mining Sports Outlet.
How embarrassing.
And it's got the, what's that phone number?
What is that telephone number?
I don't know.
The hotline?
Maybe that's the number for that Fag Radio Wild Company.
In Frisco, huh?
You think?
Could be.
So I'm just below Fred Hansberger, which I never heard of,
and just above Roy Khan.
Sounds like a real con job to me.
Oh Jim Phillips in Orlando.
He's 78.
I beat you Jim.
How do you like that?
Phil Henry's 79.
Beat him by three.
Are you sure?
You unique entertainer bringing feeder of the mind
to issues and issue of whatever it says.
Says a bunch of crap.
Boy.
And then a bunch of people nobody ever heard of after that.
Well I'd be not Phil Henry.
How do you like that, Apple?
It's a big deal.
So there's the heavy-hundred talkers magazine
on the biggest pieces of garbage.
Even if they made me number one with four bullets,
I would still say talkers magazine.
It's just a self-indulgent bunch of crap for people
in the business who want to sit around.
Oh, there's my picture of my name rather than like that.
But thanks a lot Tweek and you're still in India.
Biggest name.
The best talent.
He goes to his new logics.
4.256.2 AM.
Big sports leader.
I see.
You know right now I am ahead.
It's both the popular vote and intelligence.
I hope I stay there.
I believe that I am attracting new voters.
I see what's happening.
I really hope that Senator Obama will quit.
Okay then.
Just in a prompt ending there, I don't blame her.
14 to 1.560.
1.560.2 AM.
Happy Tuesday baby.
What's the next holiday?
When's Purim?
We already been to March 13th.
Really?
You got to mark down the calendar.
And now that the accordion, so it's official corkies,
is finito all of them?
No more corkies.
I think that's what we heard yet.
That's the end of South Florida.
It's all over baby.
It's all over.
When the one in North Miami beach closed its doors,
that was not the beginning of the end,
but that was like one of the final chapters.
And the other one where what?
Huh?
Pembroke Pies they moved.
And then they closed right?
That's what we heard.
And you don't know why?
Why?
Too many glam.
Ah.
That's the problem in South Florida,
man, changing demographic.
All the old Jews, they moved to Boko.
Hey, we went there all the time when we lived by there,
but then we moved away.
That's true.
I guess that was the reason.
Changing demographics?
Who wants to live in Dave County?
Chris.
Now why do you live in Dave County?
No pressure, he's having a fight.
Oh Chris, he can't afford that.
Yeah.
What do you mean you can't afford not to?
What does that mean?
Well, I'm not getting paid enough to be able to move at the moment.
You know how it is with radio producers and board ops.
You mean like, maybe you can move in with twerk.
That's correct.
Tweet.
Maybe you'd like to give you a little tweak.
And then you see if he makes a squeak.
So what did he say when he came in there
to give you this song that he's about to talk radio?
He can't say that.
They need to switch the studio thing again
because they have to do something.
And to congratulate you for being in the top 100.
Hey, hey, hey.
What?
I'm going to tell Joyce on you.
Those were raspberries, man.
Oh, I didn't know.
A bunch of fruits.
Oh, there's pinheads, a danna bash again.
You bet it is.
Election day.
God, it's just amazing to me that people
that they put on television, just astonishing.
He's got a head for, I don't know, for Borneo or somewhere.
He's got a shrunken head.
Dave Lindorf on the Smirking Chimpses
the Bush Cheney Administration takes this for idiots.
Anybody who thinks that the government is telling the truth
about the plan to shoot down a dead spy satellite
is going to be Thursday, I believe.
That's, that it's all about protecting us
and not about testing an anti-Satellite weapon.
It has to be really stupid.
And stupid is what the Bush Administration
and the Pentagon apparently think we are.
They're claiming that we, they need to shoot this thing down
because it's got to tank with a thousand pounds of hydrazine
if you will use from maneuvering satellites while in orbit,
which is said to be toxic as chlorine if breath.
While the odds of a tank of hydrazine surviving
an 18,000 mile-hour plunge into the atmosphere in tact
and making it to the ground is basically zero.
That sucker will heat up to a fine red hot glow
and blow up before it even makes it to the stratosphere.
If you want to know how likely it is that such a tank
would make it to the ground, check out the pieces of the
space shuttle Columbia that made it back to Earth
when it came down in pieces.
That shuttle, a downside bigger than the spy satellite,
included some heavy pieces of equipment like landing gear
that had to carry the full weight of the vehicle on the tarmac,
and even that, that stuff got toasted.
The shuttle also contained tanks of hydrazine by the way,
which did not make it to the Earth.
No, the risk of this spy satellite toxifying anyone is nil.
The risk of pieces of it, which might make it to the Earth,
hitting anybody of consequence, is next to nil,
especially if the government will be able to give pretty precise warning
to the impact area while in advance of its final descent.
All you got to do is if they tell you it's going to be near us
you go outside, you look up in the air,
and you yell,
Like that, and everybody runs for cover.
So what this is really all about is the government
getting the excuse to violate the international treaty
against weapons in space to test a missile that has hopes
can take out a satellite.
The Chinese did this last year to run their own satellites
to widespread condemnation from other space-faring nations
including the USA.
But is Bill Schneider maybe he knows something?
The main road to Latino voters and some of the others
that she's really counting on.
It appears to be exactly what's happening,
but something else in mind,
Texas has an incredibly complicated system for assigning delegates.
I'm not sure I can explain it, I'm not sure I understand it.
I don't know how many people do.
But in Texas, when you pick delegates,
you really supposed to vote twice.
You have to show up at the polling place and vote in the primary.
And if and only if you have voted in the primary,
then you can also go to a caucus the very same night
and pick additional delegates,
one third of the delegates are picked at caucuses that very same night.
I understand that, don't you?
Not whatever.
The only difference between the US and China here is that the Chinese
at least have the integrity to violate international law
frontally, the US has to do it dishonestly
pretending it's a public service.
Let's at least not be willing stooges here.
Don't do it, don't do it.
Yes, stooges.
Nothing worth to be the stoog, you know what?
Don't do it, don't do it.
Nope.
We've had eight years of government by lying.
It's not the last news section more practiced by governments
before the advent of the Changi Bush regime.
But this administration more than any other before
clearly believes that democracy and integrity are simply
obstacles to power and has worked assiduously to try to eliminate
them internally from Washington.
That's one of my favorite words assiduously,
as opposed to saying hard.
Right?
I don't think Joyce likes to say hard anymore.
You can't say hard.
But if somebody, that's the pseudo-winlexal word.
It's past time to bring a little integrity and openness back
since they've learned or on the smircling ship.
At a Y-Day, if you go, baby, look at that.
A likely Texas Democratic primary voter
satisfied if Clinton wins 79% of Obama wins 79%.
You can't get much closer than that, right?
It's tight.
It's really tight, baby.
Speaking of corkies, 20 years ago,
it would have been difficult to call more than a handful of American cities
great restaurant towns.
There were New York and New Orleans, of course,
and Los Angeles, Chicago and San Francisco were pretty exciting too.
But after that, Lisca had a lien with cities that had many good restaurants,
but not enough death and innovation in fine dining,
and not enough breath in ethnic and regional food categories.
Today, however, most major cities in the U.S. have
the kind of gastronomic diversity and regionality that is rich in something
and the rest of the articles are not there.
Well, okay.
I did it.
I did it.
They didn't print out.
Well, I have to go back to this again.
This is too good to pass over.
That is rich in...
And that's it.
I hate that.
I've very seldom do that, but, you know,
sometimes I do do anti-oxidants.
I take anti-oxidants every day.
I take lots of good stuff.
You ask me though, they take my facial capsules.
I take my vitamin E, I take saline.
I take coq 10.
Good.
And then, of course, I take my prescription drugs.
I don't take as many drugs as you do, but then again.
Right.
I was going to say, I don't need them, but I do.
We all have to have a hot one.
I'm catching up here, think.
That's a good poll question.
Who needs more drugs now?
George or Neal?
I need my hallucinogenic drugs now that my life has turned to crap.
And also, I need my prescription drugs because I'm ancient.
I got you to meet you.
What?
I'll say just one.
Yeah, they are likely story.
Don't send me any drugs of Markham's cough drops.
Yeah, that'll do it.
That worked like it turned out the other time.
I'm trying to get into sending some of my prescription drugs.
He writes cough drops on the...
Hey, hey.
He's packaged.
Needless to say, well, maybe the guy, maybe the inspector had a cold.
Maybe.
Or maybe he came in from out of the cold.
I should have wrote crack.
Which should...
Oh, what have I got here then?
But voting for Mitt Romney, who has endorsed him, but now conservatives in a southern state
are voting for McCain, not Huckabee.
And that is a breakthrough for John McCain.
It certainly is, Bill.
And when I guarantee you, we're going to hear from the McCain being over and over again.
If those numbers hold up.
You want to look at her?
Look at John Cleaver, John.
No, the Spicco vision right now.
Why won't you change the channel?
I didn't say you'd change it.
Okay.
Well, what could I be watching over this?
There would be worse than I would be watching out TV.
Watch the fang channel.
Yeah, there you go.
Watch it, but the death of dying sick questions from the audience.
Maybe they already do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, we got a question from Matthew for everyone.
Oh my God.
It's actually really more of a car.
You know what?
If you do well with it.
Oh my God.
Look at Matthew's butt.
Maybe he doesn't even know him.
Oh my God.
Move that camera off to the right there.
A little bit.
Holy crap, hola, baby.
Wow.
You inspired me to do the right thing there.
I'm watching CNN.
I'm watching some really hot thing.
I'm gonna grab over it anyway.
Yeah, it's the same garbage man.
And the same tired faces.
Danabash and Bill Schneider.
And Wolf Blitzkrieg.
And even Jack Cafferty, I'm getting really tired of his style attitude about it.
Even though he's right, but I'm just tired.
Well, come on.
Let's go back in the audience.
Get off that fruitcake on the stage there.
Let's go back out in the audience.
Come on now.
It's like when I was at Woodline.
In fact, I had a great weekend at Woodline.
I didn't tell you that, nor did I.
Nope.
One three grand.
Let's just rub it into the quarter-slot cup.
I didn't play any quarter-slot.
I said, one three grand.
In fact, when the hell was it?
It was yesterday.
It was Saturday night at midnight.
I got the itch.
Yeah.
The bitch got the itch.
And I got in the car and I drove out there.
And I got me a good machine monitor.
It gave me 600 on line.
It gave me a spin for a thousand.
It gave me two spins for 250 each.
I was up like almost two grand and I ran out of there.
So total for the weekend.
I had a nice weekend.
You know what?
I'm going to need it.
Good.
I'm going to need it when I'm out of work.
Although I can't work for that gay on that work, you know?
That's right.
And if you wind up on that channel, you were just watching the things go right.
On TV, I'm sure they're making a big box.
My desperation for cash is much, and I don't think I don't think I'm going to be gambling, by the way, is much greater than somebody's, you know what I'm saying?
Let's go back out in the audience and see that queen there and his buddy is boyfriend.
He only wishes.
He swishes and he wishes.
124 votes on the Acastro pool.
What's your take on Castra's resignation?
Are you going to feel we'd had a thousand on here already?
When you're Chris?
Yeah, well, you know, what's our total now?
7.0.
What?
It was 7.0.5.
And then what's my score?
So we got 829.
829.
We got a shot here at 900.
I think easy, right?
Oh, it's cheating with two pools.
But never look.
What did you say?
I said, uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Long head.
Oh, there's an interesting, uh...
I like that.
I like that.
Oh, don't be cool.
Oh, my God.
Have you ever seen guys like that?
They look really, well, you don't pay any attention.
They look really, really interesting.
And then they start speaking, you know?
They look really butch in macho and like regular guys.
And then they start speaking like this.
And then run away.
Effist start running around.
Oh, my God.
We'll go catch them.
Look, I'd like to.
What's your take on Castro's estimation?
It won't change a thing.
59.
I don't give a damn 44.
Communities to Communities to 14.
And it's great.
Solomon Tessiette.
What's the biggest name?
The vast talents.
You know, his meal Roger.
425.
69.
69.
I think.
Sports leader.
Oh, okay.
It's got the route.
And when I'm up in Belkettiga, slapping all the women
with their thin lips around the pool,
I listen to the new Rogers' one to two.
I mean, I listen to the new Rogers' fair and balanced one to two.
Wow.
Wow.
Absolutely.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
It´s not by apothecation actually is not worth it.
But they could happen without any other force,
Right?
Left.
Right.
Zhovey Stolts His Head is of white racing.
Two times in the weight of twelve.
At that start.
I guess that was genocide.
the great inspiration you know at two o'clock when we end the show which we
went into a hundred years on the station long before Tweek was ever born right
maybe that would be it maybe I'll because you know how you play something and I
always drop in with some of the end of the show or close to the end of it I'll just
go
and I'll be to cue them and if you can't figure that out I'll be glad to see the whole
object before before now was to surprise the audience right to be
spontaneous and nobody knows nobody knows what it's gonna be the audience
nobody knows the trouble is like every one of you know I'll drop in one of these
I yeah I don't know I I yeah I don't know until that last uh right right
we can start now I play these right now we could do a poll every day about what
parting shots that we play into the show I I I I I I I I I know parting shots
now I wonder if it's okay for them to play parts on their show because it's a
sports show I doubt it although I doubt that athletes part you know can we
even begin to imagine hey what happens in the locker room
state is locker room that's what I heard in the state football players oh my
God can you even begin to imagine the world put you in a coma man they can
know wow woo Amy Driscoll says oh and this is in the
a herald and you're gonna assume it's about something that it's not because
the headlines says send it paddle to consider new rules for adult arcades and
we hear the word adult arcade you always make a porn right not
it still pains adult arcade owner Gail Fontaine to talk about her 2005 arrest
what are she's getting a Johnny Fontaine you think Gail Fontaine or maybe she's
getting the Fontaine saw our sisters was a double oil charm where's that
thing what's the matter with you what was that called I don't know which one you
looking for I'm looking for he slaps it in the face and says well here it is
right here where I don't care how many day go get me what grease ball gun bars
come out of the woodware but that was about Johnny Fontaine so the counts
anyway I'm a great grandmother my family had to watch as I was handcuffed she
said Gail Fontaine and what was I doing helping senior citizens a jury
acquitted Fontaine the following year apparently deciding that her business
with its slot machine look alike games that run for his little Z-sense to spin
was more elderly clubhouse than cut rate casino but now Fontaine's for arcade
operations and about 200 others across Florida are back in legal crosshairs a
Senate committee said to me today in telehasty will consider new regulations for
businesses a move Fontaine believes is aimed at shutting them down for four
years we've been fighting this fight Fontaine said standing next to the
Roosevelt electronic games a Johnny's rec room in Pompeo Beach but this is the
most well orchestrated as Florida continues its drive toward more gambling
about our kids and others so-called gray market games are coming under increased
scrutiny by lawmakers trying to draw a line between illegal gambling and
entertainment permitted by law they have a lot to consider the Florida
gambling scene has changed dramatically in recent months biggest outslot machines
were approved in big county the same type of slots are now spinning at the
Seminole Travis 7 casinos and blackjack is next and then there's a Senate
proposed level to span slots the less popular bingo style machines to 20 more
horse and dog tracks and high life on time across the state Florida's going
to hell on a handbags get the Lord is pissed off baby fed on it there are other
arcade related concerns to a new kind of electronic game called a sweepstakes
arcade or internet arcade began proliferating rapidly about a year and a
half ago and corner state regulatory officials the businesses typically sell
phone cards that come with sweepstakes entries customers can enter the
numbers in desktop computers on site to determine whether they win prizes
you ever see I never heard that you know also in highly a mayor who you
robin as an initiative to crack down on the illegal use of electronic games
he says there are about a thousand in the city and sometimes they're used for
gambling oh my god can you imagine gambling in high alia oh I don't that's why
they closed the track down or maybe because John Bernetti turned it into a
toilet that could have been that this is one of those issues nobody wants to
touch nobody wants to talk about nobody wants to face row by eena said technology
has created some of the problems slot machines have gone from one arm bandits
to digital devices the electronic display screens at mimic the old spinning
wheels and the versions made for amusement look nearly identical those made for
gambling it's so gay agree these days we're trying to make a little more black
and white said representative Carlos Lopez can tear a Miami Republican which
hears the house business regulation committee we're trying to protect people
Florida's it all our kids operate under the chucky cheese exemption say gambling
was the chucky cheese exemption at Dean darkades legal so long as the games
require some skill and don't allow place to redeem points for money or booze the
chucky cheese exemption what does that mean because the those kinds of places
like chucky cheese and other let the children play for little tickets that they
can then redeem for really crappy little but what a nice thing that is to be
teaching today kids out of gamble right and about our kids like fountains use
video terminals with electronic displays that look like today slot machines
but instead of cash jackpots winners get gift cards or additional points for
play big minutes here arcade operate is also say the games require skill to
play while regular slot machines are purely games a chance want a bet with
arcade games players punch a button to stop the wheels they can choose to stop
some reals and others continue to hope so lining up on a combination why
sure like to be able to do that on a good machine a woodbine mine you get oh
you know I got on a five dollar machine last week one day no I don't now
first let me preface it by saying that three wheels of fortune on a line is the
jackpot three hundred eighty two grand I got wheel of fortune wheel of
fortune blank well 125 bucks like I mean anything with it is a nice payoff like
a red seven would have been seventy five hundred bucks a five times would have
been ten grand another wheel of fortune would have been a hundred eight three
hundred eighty two grand wheel of fortune wheel of fortune blank isn't it depressing
no I mean yes why not I'd say you a couple of bucks well then it's very
depressing Lopez Cantor is committee along with the Senate regulated
industry's committee plans to push for more regulations especially when it
comes to adult arcades they are unregulated no government agency
regulates the payout structure they're just taxed on their sales tax law
enforcement is very frustrated with this particular industry low-pants can
be arrested his committee bill will limit prices to a five dollar value and
end to use of gift cards his awards and change the definition for
miserable games in a way that arcade advocates they would put them out of
business the Senate may offer its own arcade regulatory bill regulated
industries chairman Dennis Jones a similar Republican called the arcades
nothing more than slot machine barons well excuse us slot machine barons they
stay regulated by our casino so it's seen by law enforcement pay fifty percent
of revenues of the state you know the arcades don't do neither neither they
don't want to and they don't there has to be some level fairness to this if
you're saying electronic gaming has to be strictly regulated license and you
have another part of great industry with no oversight no licensing fee nothing
to protect the public it seems very we ought to be looking at Jones said
Frank Merrill Bell alumnus for the Florida Arcade and Bingo Association which
represents about thirty arcades including Fontaine says the reason for the
interest in in cracking down isn't consumer protect its competition he said
the Howard slots are worried that the arcade seven off business and it should
become more pressing since the seminal tribes hard rock casino started offering
the same kind of slots as the tracks they got whoop by the seminals and now they
want to shut down the arcades Merrill Bell said well first they got whoop by the
state they got screwed by the state by your fan ass former governor the gem
stir and the legislature that's screwed them big time Dan Atkins present and
Marty grow a racing gaming and how mail said he had no role in latest
proposal but he does think arcades should be closed they're running any legal
slot operation clearly but I'm not trying to push anybody out of business he
said I'd like to see the criminal law stiff enough civilized teeth so they can
shut them down shut them down now baby he said elderly people play the games
when I realize the machines are regularly and like regular slot machines
Fontaine said her machines which he leases our program with a 65% payout rate
far less than the state record 85% 85%
and uh... that's right i went back to go straight
i was gonna say when the right this month
this Friday this Friday tell me here on Tuesday well i requested since of the
middle of last week for some information and i'm told we're gonna get some
and i uh... reminded them again today that the sooner we get it the sooner we
can start talking about it right
and they said
they said
they said don't bother us don't start up again trouble maker
we get fat boy to three rass under the bus again
you're good buddy you know you're always good buddies with the people of
the country are trying to show off the hangout like i told somebody yesterday
you really don't know who your real friends are but then that's the way it is
in life with a lot of people that's right
from it's after one
haha
at five sixty wqm beware of exploding balls
uh...
good morning the kebabs is all the school please be king good morning to fia
pilgrims of bend higher
toward the
Russell now we go way back we work together on the computer war tennis shoes remember that back in 69
Absolutely, I'm thinking for the Disney company back it down. You're still very long on the volume
Sorry sir smoking about movie was programmed for last my idea
Well, sir. I'm glad you had a great time at the Super Bowl. Yeah, I tell you man my sex. I had in Phoenix
Sir man at Playboy party was tight tight
So what you know smoke you got no clue about pop culture the macular do you sure that's not true
I've been known to get cheeky with it. Oh my god get jiggie with it you and big a
I came right out of Jeff Fox one of these joke book getting jiggie with it was like
Who let the dogs out?
Shoot yourself. Get a gun loaded cock at shoot yourself
Sir, sir, you know I don't like guns
Oh my god you got it when the over the ass oh, yes, yeah
Oh, I've been rolling yourself out
Go away go away
How many guns can you watch trashy links and then two girls in a cut video?
Women's balls and I want a pharmacy get me my valtrex prescription
I bought those giant tajener. Oh, that's Iger sir. Iger Bob Iger sir
Where'd the other kid go? Oh, you fired him remember? Oh, I tried I can't him
You're the new kid huh? Well, you know, I'm not know you just gave me a five-year contract. I did what how much well last year
I made twenty seven million dollars
Another suit hanging on my co-tails you know
I do flabby no personality white guys have been milking me dry for decades. Oh, sir. Oh, don't you anyway?
You don't ask a mouth is age-bound head
Especially when he's paying for your private jet oh
Okay, I got the sequence of only 80 and that's in my years. Oh, what's that in human year sir?
A lot lower than you're gonna be alive married to Julie
Chen no sir. That's the last move is from CVS
Like I said all you flabby white guys look alike looks apologize for bothering you
I just want to update you on the Miley Cyrus movie you don't have to update me on anything
You know I read daily variety every morning while I'm taking a dump well anyway, sir
I think we made the right decision leaving the Miley movie out for one more week my idea actually
So you didn't even want to release the movie?
I got it. I got it. I never feel that the blood blood on that no sir
I've been throwing up so much since the Super Bowl that all the blood vessels in my eyes just
Out sir, hey, by the way, can you give me a number for Kim Kardashian?
I love me some junk in the trunk. She hit the blow
Next thing you know
Oh
I love me that's all right always that the program with the talking car that they're bringing back on NBC
No, that's like right are you more on this is low?
Never mind. I gotta go try it again. I said that's Iger sir
Guess what they're talking about Fidel on CNN
I pick up the reality
I said what a surprise. Yeah, really?
And it was in a dinner not that she's a one-note Charlie as well as all of the local elected officials were all on board things
Happen
Fidel we missed the part where she said
You're like this okay like it
Give it to me university of Oxford researchers will spend nearly four million dollars to study why mankind embraces God
Deal
The grant to the in-ramsie Center for Science and Religion will bring anthropologists theologians philosophers another
academic together for three years to study whether believe in divine being is a basic part of mankind's makeup
makeup
Now who is it used to say that all time with that Jackie Gleason?
Ah, I was a Milton Burle Uncle Milton had to be and they would bring out the big powder puff and hitting their face
Mm-hmm either Milton Burle or uh said Caesar
Vocabryon now no not since Caesar who?
Vocabryon oh
They're not in the fake letter. We got that's right
There are a lot of issues. What is it why what is it that is innate in human nature to believe in God?
Whether it's gods or something superhuman or supernatural said Roger Treg acting director of the Center
I wonder if he's can do with that very mediocre harness driver Lowell Treg
He said anthropological and philosophical research suggests that faith in God is a universal human impulse found in most cultures around the world
Even though it's been waning in Britain and Western Europe. It's waning over there
One implication that comes from this is that religion is the default position and atheism is for us more needed explanation
He said
The study will be funded by the John Templeton Foundation
US-based philanthropic organization that funds wide-ranging research into question that deal with laws of nature and issues of
Spirituality. Oh, yeah
I'm a spiritual guy. I'm a very spiritual, you know when somebody says that you know what it means
Okay, if you more on it means they're religious, but they hate that title. Yes, they're so very spiritual right
What does that mean? You have any idea? No, but just something people they heard somebody else say it so they say it
Because it makes them sound so much
Yeah, that's right so much better than all the rest of us that that's what it's all about like all of religion
We know they're all better than us heathens. We understand that and have a good time
Have a great time in heaven, baby sitting there at the Lord's side. Oh, God. You're good. Oh, God. You're good
I'd rather sit beside somebody else and say oh, God. You're good. Oh, baby
Like that
Like that character that was on that the channel I was watching before on out TV come on out, baby
Whoever that was. I'm sure he is
He's what out out in and out. I'm sure he's a lot of that too
173 votes on the new pool. What does that give us now? We had what seven oh seven. Why do I keep asking you?
We got eight eighty, baby. We're gonna do 900 plus you know something if you to really put the pedal of the metal
We'd have had I don't know something oh
Aren't you gonna be happy with 900? Oh, of course. We had a very crappy start on another pool
What that was that other one? Because almost as bad as the one at George did
Hey, what someone you did about can you have loved without
Oh
Relationship definitions. It was Valentine's Day. It was a Valentine's day. Oh, that was cute. That was sweet
You know because some people think that you know that you can have a romantic relationship
A bunch of good-hobby chocolates for Valentine's every other good-nosed you didn't need any he ate him. Oh good
They got too many good and a good
Very soft. Moose is grassiest all the way lost and quit trying to kill me
What's your take on castro's resignation? And I got a uh, oh, yeah, I got all kinds of crap
We don't have enough time. Let's go over to like 203 when the tour finally shows up
Okay, let's see castro's resignation won't change a thing. Let's see Obama says
Castro stepping down is an essential first step, but it's sadly insufficient and bringing freedom to Cuba very
Perspectations of Iraq. I don't give it to M58
Communists are coming into 23 and it's great
Nine new eve. Yeah, right. So he's still around
Partly
Boy he he's like part of the woodwork, you know, right. He's furniture
Although let the Josh Friedman sit on no would be the first time though I bet
Oh
Robert Creeper he just you know he never disappears. He's just always there always lurking lurking lurking lurking
I told him when you said that he left and went there as soon as I said I don't believe him. I was right right
Whoever told me that I think it was crystal me that was still a crap
Hey, I'll tell you what he told all of us. Yeah, well, you know what like at least he's consistent because we always said Robert Creeper
All right, this is Gorton Litty and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger
Oh, I over with that that
Because it's funny it makes it sound like we do the show in front of a live audience
My funny and it's like
Feel like joy Reynolds like stuff
Well, I was right under yet everybody's out sick today today. I'm
Neal is sick. He's not sick. He's a Toronto. Mm-hmm Toronto. Yeah, that's sick
You mess in with God. God
I'm sorry for my log
Oh, man, I'm not those guys. You guys have a little bit of more downbeat. I just sad
A little bit better
Oh, he's sad about we don't run behind tires show around the heat. I mean, uh, let's face it. They suck
I got to have to talk about it a little bit of this death stuff
Oh, yeah, if it makes you feel any better
Pete spelled sideways is paid
Can I tell you something why I don't even like basketball
Oh
I got a ball.
138 560 W.M. only 30 minutes away from that baby. It's gonna be real
What we think 30 minutes away, but you know
No, no, I was just gonna tell you to make sure that get a hold of torque
We at work. Yeah, and citizen's ass down there in the control room like about quarter. I would be good
If we could set out our own search party every day
You know, I you're right though
It it does frost my estimate I think about it about anybody in management or anybody else in the building
Suggesting that we're doing something wrong because somebody else is incompetent and an income poop
Like we don't know how to end the show. We don't know how to say goodbye. Bye. See ya
My god jolly joe
Bye bye bye
Christ almighty man
Martha Stewart living on the media is bringing in the new celebrity
popular TV ship emola gassy and see ordinarily when I said lagansia I can play one of those but I can't do it. Yeah
The meerk based median merchandising company founded by domestic
domesticity maven Martha's steward
Announce this morning it bought the rights to the emola gassy franchise of cookbooks tv shows and kitchen products. What didn't you this?
For 45 million in cash and five million in stock at closing 50 million dollars for that goofball
bam
The final price could get up to 70 million of certain benchmarks are achieved
The company did not acquire emeralds home base which includes lagansies 11 restaurants and corporate orifice
Martha's steward living said that it will contribute immediately to our performance adding eight million dollars
Before interest taxes depreciation and amortization the acquired assets generated 14 million in revenue in 2007
Martha's steward living expected the old clothes in the second quarter
Lagansi joined the food network in 1993 is hosted over 816 of its shows his programs the essence of emerald
An emerald library to more than 85 million homes daily
bam bam
bam that's this whole stick
bam and those who know by the way say couldn't cook his rat of a pig he couldn't make a water boil
That's right mom
Yeah, like your mama. Yeah, too much drama for your mama
How are you doing on that pole
194 and 707 is what oh my god
Night out to
707194 is 902
What did you take man? Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah 901
And we over 900 nothing. I want to nitpick. But why would why would you say a number that's wrong?
Just a
107 where did you come up with seven away all of a sudden?
We're gonna look at you previous. That's a seven away
What when I hit view previous and why do you keep telling me seven oh seven and say it's on the table?
Oh now seven away. You've been telling me that all day. Exactly over
So cares 902 and like I said if you'd have been doing your job big time we'd have had a thousand easy today
That's right
It's after holiday you're right
Although now that we got the caster one on there man. It's generating
Enormous response now
Who cares, you know, right? I like the fact that I put in our communist to come and ease it's got 24 votes
Comedy style coming in fact. There's a story. Was it in a herald? What's somewhere on here? I don't want to go back to it again
There's on one of the websites and it shows some old geezer one of the Cuban geezers there from little Havana
Holding up a sign of free Cuba
Yeah, he's got the white golf hat, you know, and oh, yeah, he's at least 140 years old. Oh
brother
They're back to a man here
Good that dude at here either in Broward County
When I why do you say that like in Brown? That's right. They don't have the green to the ground
Broward just just cuz like a few blocks south of county line
This doesn't feel Danish to me down here, you know Danish no or North or Danish man
There'd be some real attractive people running around if it was Danish
Wow wait till next time you go to Copenhagen
Actually Copenhagen is some beautiful people there, but boy that is a boring and they got some good food too as a matter of fact
Last time we were there had a couple of really great meals
That's the problem and they got a lot of 7-eleven's too in Copenhagen every every street corner. I was another 7-eleven
Yeah, well, I mean, you know, it's nothing great in there. Oh, they actually have pizza
They have slices of pizza and seven little bit unusual
Pizza
All for me. I mean and so the people that are working inside those of 7-eleven's are really edible
Really wow. Oh, yeah, I've yet to see that happen
204 man, we are kicking big bloody. We got 912 vote
So what's our goal 950 sure. Oh, let's have something to shoot at man
I'm a dictator you know
Cuban-Americans resigned a few major changes look at this
We as Cuban-Americans don't call them president. We call them dictator what he's what he really is
but it does show
That he will no longer be in command. He will no longer be the leading force which he has been for so many years
And I think that that in itself is a positive thing on certain day happiness. I've been waiting for 47 years for this
We don't know what is a trick from them. Where is reality?
Hopefully it's true then you keep listening to those Spanish language radio statements
I mean I'll get they won't give you any lies. I'll give you the straight no shooting straight at you all the BS
The US embargo on Cuba will remain in place despite cancer's announcement that he's resigning deputy secritoristic John
Iger Ponte said the butcher of the Honduras said today
Ask whether cancer is resignation would change you as policy in Iger Ponte said I can't imagine that happening anytime soon
President Bush said the motion spark a democratic transition for the communist island nation
Oh, he sets a clown at Bush, my serene. You got to help a sesame
Castro city was stepping down today as president of Cuban Commander-in-Chief of its military
According to a letter published in the country's state-run newspaper grandma
The US and Cuba which have no formal diplomatic relations have been lost for decades
But tensions between the two countries have increased in the past two years
The Bush administration is tight in the four decades of US embargo on the island
increased radio radio marty news broke broadcast into Cuba
Crutale visits home by Cuban Americans and limited the amount of money Cuban Americans can send a relative
Making sure that those poor sluppers over there are living a really rough and tough life. Nice going Bush Bush Bush
The US has also been working on plans for a post-castor of Cuba
A
2006 report by the commission for assistance to a free Cuba laid out the framework for Washington's possible response in the event of
incapacitation or death
The US response should include tens of millions of dollars in humanitarian economic aid
But might also be dependent on transitional government that's committed to democracy right
You know when they when they screwed up real bad man when they when they went in there with the and and screwed up all the hotels
Why can they just leave their casinos there?
Nobody's done. Come here's done
All right, that's right. That's one of the first things they did man was shut down to damn casinos bastards
And
Hyman Roth was named too happy about I'll say that right now everybody enjoy your cake enjoy your cake
Never that scene on the oh yeah, we're on the roof Michael
Yeah, yeah, Michael was on with my you know, I was a big mouth. I was revolutionaries man
They were uh and the soldiers get paid and the revolutionaries. They don't get paid
You know what that means if the pursuit gets the briefcases there although I have a partner here if it's not I don't I don't
I'm going to take a nap
At least one activist in Miami said casters resignation doesn't mean Cuba's any closer to democracy
It doesn't mean any change to the system
It doesn't mean there'll be freedom for Cubans one big tater is replacing the other one big dictator is replacing the other watch it
Is it a data set?
Rivero exactly a director of Cuban Democratic director. It was works with dissidents in Cuba
It will be a big deal when political prisoners are released when political parties are allowed to organize when the country stops
Being ruled by a single party river or said caller when the party started
Senator Malmarteen is Republican afford also said today is not the element. They have changed. It's the beginning of a process
Hopefully that'll lead to change the real change the initial change has to come from the Cuban government
Martina is a Cuban native
What Martinez which is that?
Oh, Malmarteen is of who emigrated emigrated the west of 15 said I have no hope that Raul Castro has been franked through the older brothers and
Forcer through most of the tend to have been in power will be the kind of agent in charge of Cuban needs today
What I think will happen is that we'll see hopefully in the future in new settlers
They'll come with new ideas, but a beat but a boot put about
And a partridge in a pair of three and your mama
Forget about grandma worry about your mama
Oh, look at that devotes are poor again in the castor pull. I'm telling you man
If you to put the big the big garqohun on it
But I just spit on my glasses that's bad. Oh, I don't know. Lager was it was dandruff. Who?
No, greasy wonder who?
Who you car Michael
Oh, okay, let's get right a log, okay
Oh
Yeah
We got a haul here. Oh, I love it. You love it. We're proving you pretend to do
Do you realize how much you sound like Joe Bell? Wait, so think so. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Why don't we ask the let's make Harlem?
Look fine. We got it. There's both of the voices on family. I
It's like the car on the phone. You'll sell. I just been told me and Joe Bell sounds alike
Really, yeah, you know, we've never really had any
I think I hear it too. There's only so many voices in the world some of them are bound to be similar
Thanks, Seth. We'll be back with Clarence's protege a Percy pull-o-winky after this word
You know, who else in mysterious ways have you ever stepped the thing about it?
Not only there just so many faces and so many bodies, but only so many voices right?
Isn't something how God the works? Oh God
I mean are there any two people? I mean we've got identical twins and sure visually many of them are so identical
You can't tell them apart right?
Usually identical twins tend to be really good looking to other than what that is
By the way, Joyce is working her magic and my cooling and really ready to a clock. Well, I may not have time for
Wow, we'll be careful. We'll be careful about that warned
I beg your pardon back home
No, but the voicing is interesting. You think there are any two people that have exactly the same voicet
Seven million people in the world there must be there must be statistically there must be like how I'm shmata heads
They're my yo-ah shmed and dollars. Yeah, they all sound the same thing
Like that. Oh, that's the Indians
233 on a pull-o-wark Christus missed his calling and nine 41
So we're gonna definitely do the nine 50 and if we're the little prodding from you man
We got of course it's my fault because I don't want to come up with a damn Jesus pulling in uh-huh
Well, nobody sent me any pulls anymore Sean the pull guy from Hollywood. He don't send me more pulls
Charlie B. He dried up with a damn when that sandwich filling he dried up along with the tuna
I think he got tired of you insulting him. Yeah, exactly drove him off
to your fault
A a a well-forthendless pole materials and you had to drive him on crap
Oh
Well from endless
Unadulterated. Mm-hmm. Oh, no. What's it all hell? Yeah
Now you give me ahead of myself now. Sorry. It didn't mean to get you. No, I'm just
training everything off of
When you're something maybe a tweak on a make-up for a little bit of lost time over there on a two o'clock two to four show on the jerk show
Much you figure he owes us now and I know what I have
About 30 man. I have an hour
I don't know. I don't really get well see I can't hear it
Because there are many days when um, Chris doesn't pot up the uh, you know
This is which are with the things that are here the audio. Oh, I put it on. I mean I put it on right away
No, why not? I don't want to miss a word man
Are you kidding me? I don't want to miss a single word all right?
I want to know exactly when we're done so I can shut everything off and go run to the can
Lionel Tate pleaded no contest today to robbery charges. Well, he sure got some issues
You know
Yeah, Tate was accused of having a pizza livery man in Pembroke Park, May 2005
We're still on probation for killing a 60-year-old playmate Tiffany Unic in 1999. Maybe they should have made Lionel a unique
Tate 21 will answer if any extra time in prison. Well, thank god for that
The defense and prosecutors negotiated a deal which stayed with sir of 10 years to run at the same time as the 30 years
Already serving for violating his probation by committing robbery
Jewish lesson in the robbery trial said to begin today. I would be surprised if Joe roses on the jury
Assisted state attorney Chuck Morton said there was some DNA evidence that connected Tate to the crime
But some that connected other people as well some witnesses also we can't have their statements
It doesn't make much sense to proceed to a trial Morton said
Tate's attorney Jim Lewis said Tate was involved in taking pizzas from livery man's car, but didn't pull a gun on a man
Lewis said a last-brower county judge Joe lands rest revisited the 30-year sins for violating probation
About 30 man
These people at steel pizza
They just I don't know I have no sympathy for the
We're not saying that what Lionel did was right Lewis and but 30 years is crazy
Well that choice is just remember that song working my way back to you. I was thinking not not gonna have in store
Working my way back through you. Oh my god
Tate's mother Kathleen Grossed Tate left court today say yesterday. What day is today Tuesday?
Just today saying I'm tired of the whole system the whole case and just tired. They're more tired too. Aren't you tired?
I'm tired retire
Working my way back to you
Frankie Valley and the four-squeezed and for good reason this way
See I can I mean I like her music before she you know even though they weren't I don't know what to make of them
You know, I mean, I was I like him, but I don't want to admit it
I like him, but it was a little corny and dated that whole sound yeah
So I leave though this is a remake. I like this version a lot better and normally I don't like the other
Enix I like the original much better, but you know the spinners this
The spinners saying I can now love this spinter. I love this spinter. Oh everybody loves this spinter. You know that I spin you
But I spinners I don't want you to stop and mine
You're coming east if you don't love this for so many guitar
Yeah
Now you like that better than the four seasons. Yeah, yeah, it's the same song
It's the same song rich and creamy the same old song
This on so much you're not gonna Franky's Valley now. Yeah, is he still alive? I guess he is
So yes
Then there's this oh rubber band. Oh, yeah
This may be the best song of all time. I do so we want to it's only one of the top
Four thousand that just like me. I'm one of the top 50,000 top hosts in the USA never tired of this
Amen 240 on Chris's pull
Where the hell is this? Oh my god. Oh, not now. It's week
Okay, kill it
I realized that we've working a place that is the void of radio knowledge that has little or nothing to do with the radio broadcasting industry
But that having been said
How many days how many minutes how many milliseconds does one need to spend
In and around that place before you understand the basic
Mashinations of what it's all about you have a huge word try that's correct try to
I worked as seriously to give you a good word. No, come on keep keep coming down
Well, look at that minus six. It's gonna be minus 12 then I but overnight not too bad
I think I'll go to woodbind him and night and stay there about 10 in the morning. Let you do the show
Now what they used to mar tomorrow's Wednesday. Oh tomorrow is the dermatologist appointment
Yeah spinners baby love it all fitters all day. I'm right. I'm 95
There are new format all the space all the gradals all the time. That's right
I'm gonna get me a sit and spin and I'm gonna sit on it and spin on this
Oh
By the way if I'm not back in time for the last
I'll be around. Yeah, I'll be around right
Because I'm telling man Joyce is sitting with a vendor tell her what she's doing before me
Maybe for Rick to my nose he in there is he in the room. Let's put some charge to this
Go around the hall with a leash with a with a butterfly net
And
Grab that thing and see all the chair. Okay. Well just restart it. He's there. He's locked and loaded in
Make you can do a baby just just stick your nose to the grindstone. Okay and get a really brown like the grindstone to
And get with it or else
4.60
Here at 5.60 WQ
Every time they see that we're lacking
Make about a headlight that will be you by the nose
You'll say
that
Hey
Young
Where is the sparkings of it?
You say 9 or 11 is what they got you to do with me
Can't get any go-do-do-do-one party girl to me
You believe what they say
Like they're falling, they're falling, they're falling, they're falling
I say you know these things, they're scary, they're scary
So they fall, they're true
Oh, was the election wrong?
We got them, was she's got it?
Game, we got them
They're telling you these, we got them
Well, yeah, you got it
The biggest names, wellness, covered
How did I fall for it?
And who from Miami, Quattro,
will come for 1 0560 WQ américain
Go the loudest batter
