New push of the
Plane the old age right there
What's you?
Yeah, I'm doing great
The biggest name of this talent
You're listening to sports Radio 560 WQAM
I am a Ford Lauderdale
Black hole
The Ford engine is just here
You could have fixed the problem with the phone
The engine is quite big, it's going to be a bit biased around the world
Not all I can tell you are WQAM presents the Neil Roger show
Till you're still pucksing up the weather findings
Except it was great playing playing the Neil
Oh Jack!
Cold drive free
87775
Neil goes for $150
With no feelings in mind, the last wireless phone
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his colleagues
Do not represent those of WQAM management
Stinger will sponsor all
Now the Neil Roger show
On 560 WQAM
You get a lot of b-
R
The Neil Rogers are sports Radio WQAM
Oh, but I tried to put me to the down
I can't stop my nomination
But now you know it's all stick around
Talking about my nomination
Won't give up my supergidded delegate
Talking about my nomination
If he thinks I will, he must be not
Talking about my nomination
This is my nomination, baby
Black wants me to flip a fade away
Talking about my nomination
What else do you think his pastor will fix his head?
Talking about my nomination
I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation
Talking about my nomination
But I'll fight to the death
Remind an nomination
This is my nomination
This is my nomination, baby
Hey, nomination rise with appreciation
Oh!
Don't do this the word shrill come to mind
Every time I hear that shrill
I'm happy Wednesday
We got the whole crew of George's here, Chris's here
The Toronto engineer was here for about an hour
And came up with a conclusion that the router was shot
Which everybody already told us
And he said my first inclination was to go out and pick up a new one
And bring it by and hook it up for you
But they said, oh no just go over and take a look
We don't want to spend that 142 bucks
Hey, they got that money we can give to George and Chris
We won't do that
But we could give to them
So you're still punching buttons
It's just a very bad
Like I told you
Whatever
I have a do it yourself studio here
I should just do it on my own
We'll see what they say
Maybe they'll spring for it you know
No
It's not a question what I'll spring for
It's a question of how soon they'll get it here
Right
But we don't get a response by end of showtime
Then we'll take matters into our own hands obviously
Mmm
Well wait till you hear this story
This is probably before we do any stories
Join WDQM today from Noon to One for a Florida Marlin Ticket Hit
A Ticket Hit
Ticket Ticket Ticket Hit
Swing by the hooters at Pines in University and get free tickets to see your Florida Marlins take on the Atlanta Braze
I saw about two minutes of that game last night
It looked like you could be on bowling in the stands
Hurry because once they're gone they're just going
It says here but I don't know
I think you'll have like 8,000 people lined up there to get to free your Marlin Tickets
Because they just like the thing with Jack Martin
Jack Martin that Joe was screaming about there at the end of his show
Nobody cares Joe
Nobody can run me there are few people but you can put him in a phone booth and have room for the Chinese Army left over
Nobody gives a flying crap don't you understand these things
And the same thing like with the Marlins is anybody care?
No
But they're getting that new stadium
George has said it about that he wants to go down there
Thrilled
Aren't you?
Oh yeah
We love the Marlins they want again
Oh yeah
There were a few games everybody's all kissing ass
That's right they didn't even leave the division
Yeah I know big deal
Who cares
And you know something nobody still cares
Well you know
Here what?
Well you know
Well I know what
Nobody cares
We got that thing on did I? Yes we do
First pitch
10 to 7
Now let me ask you this
Now that Mad Dog's getting cut down all baseball season two hours and 50 minutes most days
Are they like
You know reducing his pay for that?
Because how many days a year does he work anyhow?
About 30 minutes
And it works 30 days a year and now that he's only working till 10 to 7 you think that they would make an adjustment on that wouldn't you?
The only reason I'm sticking my nose in there is because that money could be going to George and Chris
Yeah
And once you've been launched with Joe Bell
I don't know
What do you mean you don't know?
He said that he would get with me this week about about what we were going to get together
He wasn't at me like in the tea room?
Yeah well I'm not in position to jump up and down or anything like that so I'll just wait
I got unfastened my belly
I got my clothes on
Oh my god because the engineer was here in a show
Oh that's right
Oh that's right
That's right you had to get this
I'll rectumify that situation
You'll take your pants off? Yes
Yes I will
Well here's the guy who I guess won't be taking his pants off again
A man fell to his death after a baseball game between the midst of the Washington
NASA Chase Stadium last night
The man was sliding down an escalator as fans left the stadium and he'd lost his balance
and fell four stories around 10 o'clock last night the New York Police Department said
He died about 25 minutes later in Boothham, or real hospital
Police identified the man who's 36 year old Antonio, Naurar and Sami, a Brooklyn
They say they're investigating that this isn't accident
No, maybe the escalator died
Fry the escalator, put it in jail
He was sliding down the escalator
36 year old guy, not something like that, 16 year old punk
Not somebody who's sitting at Noam better but some guy who's 36 years old now he's dead
Because he was going to see, he's going to beat everybody to the bottom of the escalator
He was going to slide on down and show everybody how cool he was
Well guess what? Now? I'm dying out of here
He's dead
Very sad, oh speaking of dead people
I always like to get to dead people out of the way at the beginning of the show
So for the late tuners in they don't have to put up with that crap
And if I really end up dead people and tune in right to beginning every day
and we like to get them all out of the way
Police are investigating the apparent suicide for a former drummer for Rocker Ted Nugent
Too bad Ted Nugent didn't kill himself or somebody
It kills me
Corporal Brandon Gurley with the Paul Ding County Sheriff's Department says 59 year old Clifford Davies
Brandon Gurley, I wonder if he's came to Hell and Gurley Brown
Because it's spelled the same way
How'd you like to be named Gurley? Hey Gurley man
No thank you
59 year old Clifford Davies was fond of from a gunshot wound in his suburban Atlanta home Sunday
Gurley said Tuesday authorities are awaiting the results of an autopsy
Woman of Wants of the phone at Davies Home Defined comment
She confirmed that Davies was a drummer with Ted Nugent
Was
Reed Beaver, who owns Eccometric Studio in Marietta where Davies was a chief engineer
Says Davies played on a recording of Nugent's trademark song Cat Scratch Fever
Beaver says Davies called on Saturday extremely distraught over money from medical bills and men
But I'm bang! Wait, there's not to worry about it anymore
Remember Frankie Pantangely when Tom Hagen went to visit him in jail?
That's right
And he gave him the story about the ancient Romans and how they would go home and open up their wrist
They get in the bathtub
That's right
And how their families would be taking care of all of these things
All of these things
So if you can't play your medical bills George or any of your other bills
Things would get really tight
I got a big plan for that, that's right
Washington News Alert, uh-uh, what is this?
Oh the Pope's White House visit, I don't care
I don't care how them been dreared
The Pope's White House visit, I'm my Blackberry no less than Washington News
Breaking news, noos alert, breaking news
Every time somebody farts the wrong flavor, it's breaking news
When break the news?
Oh didn't we do this one before somebody suggested this poll, one of our, where they maroonly dodge
Well they're really chronic over there man
All day long they're pumping out faxes to us
I hope there's some as many cars that are sending faxes to us
The dead former South Florida broadcaster I miss most is
And of course this has only got a few on here, there's so many
It's got an ambitious Bob Weaver, Walter Cronice, Don Cox, Ralph Redneck, Chuck Zink, or Big Wilson
What about my cranberry? What about Bill Cawdler?
Who else am I leaving off here?
Dead broadcasters
Bob Weaver, it's on here
Anybody?
Well that's one for, I'm sure we've done that
We have, I think
But we can do it again
Here's the poll from yesterday, 179 Holtz boys
The numbers on these polls are last today
It's not to encouraging probably because it's paysoft coming up this weekend
You think that's got something to do with it?
Not
I wish Neil would change nothing, candidate before
Except maybe those nasty, court-a-work pants
The ones that swish against each other when you walk
You keep asking me about that
They make those sounds
I've got that sound here somewhere
Wait a minute
In the 360
Here it can go, that's not the right one
I gotta be very sure I don't play the wrong one
That's right
Or in deep cramp
I'll never find it, it's not important
Change nothing 384
Take calls 294, I don't know where I can find it
It's number three
There it is
That's the sound that your pant legs make
Right
It's the quarter-royd rubbing together there
That's all I did
Oh no, that's the fart sound, we know it
If anybody ever heard a fart that sounded like that boy
I'd sure I'd pay money to hear that live
Of course remember, none of those fart sounds are actual fart sounds
Of course not
They're comedy, but then they get all of them
It's funny about farting, especially if it's wet
I wish Neil would take calls 294
Or what we are and we do, I don't know
I don't know why you people are so stubborn about that crap
Oh yesterday were okay, not spectacular
They were okay, but they were okay
It was a movement in the right direction
I wish Neil would live forever 274
And I'm getting tired
Old and tired, like the Pope there he is
Now, I rule hot thought and I take off the Yamaha
Okay, you still look from the Jews
Stop reading story 61
Well that's not very many, only 5.5%
So that's the message to me that
If the people we have left listening out there
They don't mind the stories, they got a lot of good stories today
Many stories
Remember he said there are all kinds of stories on the street
About down corridor and everything
And then suddenly he got a little bit upset
Suddenly he had that the famous temper
That's right, hot head
I wish Neil would retire
42, Crocan die wicked death 24
Out of 1049, Crocan die wicked death
2.2% 2.2
Very nice, that's South Florida for you
In fact I should be surprised it's so low
Today is full, what's the most exciting play in sports?
There's too many choices on there, I better do the break
Because by the time I read them
It'll be midnight
And you see what's winning, I hate sports
100 and 3, I hate sports
But what about Jock Martan and the
Fired coach is going to choose the next coach
And oh, aren't you all upset?
And what about my keen and let's get him back again
And what about the Alan Cohen is an A-hole
And what about all of that? You know, we know that
We know these things
And not that anybody cares
Just amazing when you've got 16 sports stations on here
And a market where all of the sports, all the venues
Have these big chunks of empty seats for every event
Where the teams suck and the fans don't care
And it's like, oh you're wrong
That's all Alan guys, real guys
That's all they talk about is sports
That's right, like George
Right, roller skating
Yeah, I'm doing things, not watching things
Well, you're doing it
That's right
From minutes after 10 to 5, 60 to everybody
QM, we got the Jack Show at 2
Wow, that's still on, Mad Dog 4 to 6, 50
First pitch with Jesse Aglid in Marlena Marlon pregame report
For 10 minutes with 8 minutes of sports
Then we got the Dolphins All Asses 7-9
And then the A-Show has to follow all of that
Poor D-A-Man, I feel bad for him
Oh God
Norma can
This is Clear Channel, we're prepared to offer you
Let's see, where's my Mickey Mantle Rookie card
Norma can
Hello Mr. Canth, this is XM
We're looking for an anchor show for our network
And would you...
Where's my Ed Crane pool
There it is
Norma canth
Hello Mr. Canth, this is no commissary
I'm not following up to find my mark, Drone Berry
Oh, Norma canth
Hoho, Joe Bell here
Hi Joe
Oh, I'm just calling to let you know
And I'm leaning for more of the same of nothing
To go nowhere is still underway
Hohohoho
Okay
Ooh, I find my coolest Joe Jackson card with Ringtone
Ha-Da
La-Da
La-Da-Da
La-Da-Da
La-Da-Da
La-Da-Da-Da
Already on set
Ten, seven, five, sixty, ne'vete, q-a-m
Happy Wednesday, it's April 16 whatever that means
There's nothing significant about today although
we got April going up peace off comein' up this weekend
and we got April 20th coming of soon
Yes
And you want me to read this long
Well you to, because it's right up your alley
the stone or holiday. Just in case you were short on stories today. I'm not. I remember a
while back we had a conversation about the 420 thing and I just didn't know if you
still understood it or not or cared. So there you go. You don't remember that? Yeah.
Okay. You have to work here. Okay, because you asked where it came from and what it meant
and all that. So there you go. For years it says the 420 label remained obscure enough
to be a viable code inside joke. But by the late 90s it was being pressed and used everywhere
from personal ads for 20 friendly to clots and scoreboards in the background scenes and
popular movies. Perhaps it's most noticeable effect was the treasuries of April 20th as
the day of a reefer reverence chief of the American college campuses. So everybody light
up on the 20th which is what the 18th Sunday. Oh never on Sunday on on. Oh my. Oh my.
Oh my. Oh my. You're going to be burdened a fat one in hell. I'll say that right now.
A once clandestine counterculture, post-smoking holiday, observe each April 20th has crossed
into the mainstream this year with public gatherings that will attract thousands of participants
in marketing campaigns that count a trio of marijuana themed movies. Even with fire
fox. Yeah. There's still a little pop-ups every once in a while. It's just just castle
media, whatever that is. I'd like to kill whoever's respawn. I mean, it takes half a second
to get rid of them, but I just I don't like it. Indeed. I don't want to see them. I don't
want them. As anti drug activists, shape the so-called 420 celebrate. Now what does it say?
It shows the number and then it says pronounce 420. In case you think it's put up. You're
going to say 420? Yeah. Yeah. No. Really slow out there. The so-called 420 celebrations
are taken on the life of their own. Said Alan St. Pierre, executive director of the National
Organization of Reform marijuana law. His own norma, I'm sure, is still big on that.
Who's been working on marijuana issues for 17 years. Normal. Normal and normal. St.
Pierre, who thought the phenomenon was peaking about 10 years ago, instead of watching
the continued growth, thanks to the commercial efforts and the remarkable cultural push
for something that is not owned by anything that nobody profits from per se. And it goes
on about all their chapters and but I beat but I'm up and I'm up behind it's like
he said, if I write on a material someday, I'll put that down or it about my pile. There
you go. God. Oh, and I tried. Look at that. I tried to print out the poll so I could read
it off the sheet and didn't work just a clock. I looked at it. 10 19 21. That's because
I didn't click on the screen before I went to my print and sometimes that makes a difference
and sometimes it don't. You know, all this, all this age of computers, man. It's good
to magic. It will fart like me messing around with computers. That's bad. I was explaining
to where Toronto engineer here about how I ordered that backup power supply. Power supply
unit and hooked it up and plugged it in and diddled it and paid for it myself, of course.
What's the most exciting play in sports? 582 votes so far. Chris is very dismayed at
that number and that we're not going to make a thousand again. And I'm making a thousand
times. We got nobody out there. What? I'm so sad. What was it yesterday? Not good.
Well, it's a time we left. I think it was like, I don't know. I mean, we wound up with
a thousand seventy nine, but that was after the show. No, we're near a thousand. Maybe
we got to 900. I don't know. Remember George? George is no one doesn't care. Most exciting
playing sports. 582 on the full. I hate sports is winning. 106 18% of this audience. I
don't know. What are you laughing about? Oh, Chris made a funny face. I'm so sad. That's
not funny stuff. That's our bread and butter. It is right. Kick return for a touchdown.
96 Hail Mary 55. Like that. Flute against the hurricanes. I'm ready to use it. I remember
that like it was just yesterday. Hail Mary. Play at the plate. 46. Buzzer meter. 35. Stretch
roll line. Stand 32. Inside the park home. Run 32. Knockout punch 29. Breakaway goal.
25. On that says hockey and friend like like we have to point out that it's in hockey.
Oh, stock car crash 25 penalty shot 19. Suicide squeeze 12. That's what I was going to help
me. I felt like a suicide. I was I wasn't squeezing them. Didn't have to. 5 on 3 penalty
kill. That's hockey 12. Mededore toss 6. Heter goal and soccer 6. Shoot out 5. That's
because most of the audience have been my deal with this. All you have to. Salky crash 2.
I mean that is just so grotesque. Salky crash is a play in sports. That's an even
beyond there. Well, the car crash is on there. But neither one of them is a play in sports.
Well, that's just that's just a venue there for savings. That's just a venue there for
savings. That's just a venue there for savings. That's just a venue there for savings.
That's just a venue there for savings. That's just a venue there for savings. That's just a venue there for savings.
That's just a venue there for savings. That's just a venue there for savings. That's just a venue there for savings.
That's just a venue there for savings. That's just a venue there for savings. That's just a venue there for savings.
That's just a venue there for savings. That's just a venue there for savings. That's just a venue there for savings. That's just a venue there for savings.
That's just a venue there for savings. That's just a venue there for savings. That's just a venue there for savings. That's just a venue there for savings.
Don't look at me like that.
Don't look at me like that.
I think at all times, at least have one in your...
Blackcomb has nobody we looking for there. Business owners have argued that they have a Constitution right to set the rules on their own property.
They say they should be able to ban guns if they choose in order to protect employees and patrons.
The Florida Chamber of Commerce and the Florida Retail Federation have already hired an attorney to sue the state over a new law. Good.
The grounds for the challenge will be based on the Constitution's fifth amendment, so the attorney of very rich earth, who plans to file the lawsuit in federal court on behalf of the two organizations as soon as next week.
The amendment forbids the government from taking a person's private property without compensation. What does that mean?
I don't know. Although the government would not actually be transferring the title of the property from the owner, it will be placing a new restriction on private property by forcing businesses to store unwanted guns Richard said.
What? Boy, you talk about convoluted reasoning.
There will most likely be other aspects that the challenge will Richard said he's still putting the case together. Mary and Hammer.
Hey Hammer!
A spokesman put the NRA said she doesn't believe the new law conflicts with the Constitution and only upholds right citizens already here.
The NRA people are all crazy as a bed bug. Don't you effort our guns now! You old faggot! Don't you effort our guns!
That's what America is all about is guns, baby! Guns!
Am I right, yes? Guns in a lot of shooting and a lot of dead people. That's all about it.
27 after 10 at 5, 60 WDQM, it's back and it's huge exotic of IME Beach, the largest adult of IME East Coast is coming back to South Florida this weekend.
At the Miami Beach Convention Center, exotic are presented by hot movies features. The hottest adults start signing autographs wild live entertainment, SuperSexy 7R series and over 200 exhibitors that's this Friday, Saturday and Sunday at the Miami Beach Convention Center.
Don't miss exhibitors like girls gone wild and they all female pillow fight league. Go VIP and get access to the crazy horse saloon VIP lounge and VIP autographs.
Come eat stars like Jesse Jay and Tara Patrick, Stormy Daniels and lots more. Maybe even what's your name will be there.
What's your name?
I forgot.
Tickets are available online at exotic IME Beach, Tempest Storm.
Oh, per.
Tickets are available online at exoticimemybeach.com or on-site at the Convention Center Box or a Fist Exotic IME Beach.
Come get sexy. Sorry, no squares allowed and they mean it.
Get the best out of Tickets.
I'm your logist.
4.25.60.9.00 AM.
Thanks.
Fourth leader.
Yankee baby.
A rare lot tastes from Starbucks and hot Asian women.
Truffles of chocolate and books by John Christian in France for the misses I feel shopping.
These are a white person's favorite things.
Hedge funds for profit and rap songs by Diddy for a go-bama and keep friendly cities.
Both of them sushi at dinner parties.
These are a white person's favorite things.
Farmer's market's doing yoga, riding mountain bikes.
Remember when you see some folks who are white.
These are the things they love.
Tend to eat three.
Here's the caustic facts and of course how unusual is that?
A caustic facts from somebody on the side of course.
And it says, Router's don't go bad.
Now Erica, a semi-imested, said that after three, seven years they do funky things and they do go bad.
Chris was telling me the other day, weren't you telling me that Router's do go bad?
Yeah, they do.
And in my experience, I'm not a technical guy but in my experience I've had to replace Router's several times.
Well, you guys don't know squat according to this guy.
Uh, okay, admittedly.
I don't.
Router's don't go bad.
Neil, Router's just don't go bad unless they were abused or damaged.
The firmware needs to be upgraded from time to time but they really just go bad.
Well guess what?
My engineer here tried to update the firmware online and it wouldn't accept the update.
It didn't work.
The upgrade.
Maybe the router went bad.
I mean, the router's don't go bad.
Oh, I'm sorry.
This guy says, I'm using an 8-year-old router that works like an ad-bottied.
Well, good, good, good, good, good, good, good for you.
Hot shot.
Secondly, they don't cost 150 bucks either unless you're getting a special router with special firewalls and extra protection build-in.
Don't take my word for or go to any website, bestbuy.com or taggerdirect.com and check for yourself.
And of course, taggerdirect.com is where I found that one that Eric recommended that was 142 bucks.
On D-Link or Linksysregular, 4-port router is 50 bucks and they now come wired and wireless all in one.
So, actually, we're so called tech what he's going to do with the extra 100 bucks.
First of all, our so-called tech wasn't going to buy the router.
Mm-hmm.
And he's going to make 100 bucks on that deal.
That was one that I was going to buy online, Schmuck.
But again, this guy, this is what I'm getting lately from all these experts out there.
Tell me how to live my life, how to renegotiate my contract, my Charlie B,
who sent me some of the most incredible swill the other day.
Oh, and demand you can play the farts, hold them by the balls, and you've got to buy the balls, right?
I've got to buy the balls.
This is the man who has got any idea what he's talking about.
You people are listening out there and thank God we've got some,
but you don't understand the nature of this business.
It ain't what he used to be in case you haven't noticed, okay?
It's a shadow.
It's a faint shadow of what he used to be.
In this crap about I've got to buy the balls, how many choices have I got?
Norma can't.
I've got no choices. I'm here.
I'm not complaining about it either because like I said,
sometimes the poison that you know is better than the unknown poison.
Anyway, this guy goes on.
On an 8 plus and n plus computer tech I've set up many router systems.
I've never seen a router just go bad and never paid more than 50 bucks for new and accepting rare cases.
PSF, I'm this bridge in Brooklyn.
I'm going to bring it up this weekend to sell it to you.
Like I'm some kind of a schmuck.
Because I don't know how much routers cost.
Well, excuse me.
Excuse me.
The just like this backup power supply that has been 180 bucks on.
I've probably got ripped off.
Oh, geez, you could have bought that for 40 bucks.
Five bucks.
Maybe not five bucks, but I guarantee you.
Eight bucks.
That's right.
Mr. Smarty fans.
Now, although I do find something interesting and I did look on there on Vestify.com,
they have wireless routers.
Yes.
So you don't have to like, I'll plug in all that crap into them.
Well, for your wireless devices.
What does that mean?
In other words, you know, you have your wireless laptop,
your laptop that can, you know.
I don't have any of that.
Okay.
So that's the previous one.
Right.
So in other words, that was also something you didn't need to have by the time.
Correct.
A D-link regular 4.4 routers, 50 bucks.
Yeah.
I mean, there are different kinds of routers,
just like there are different kinds of cars, refrigerators, you know.
Some with lots of stuff.
One of the other instruments.
I'm in 42 bucks.
Now, who do you think knows more about?
My setup here, what I need and what I got, what I should get.
Eric or this anonymous jackass.
I don't know.
An anonymous jackass.
He's an expert.
Routers don't go bad.
Well, as soon as I saw the heading on it, the first line I should have known this was an idiot.
But that's where it's at these days.
It's either people giving me a saw that ends about how I should negotiate my deal or where I should be working
and what I should do and what I should have her breakfast and...
What is that all about?
Talk about arrogance.
People you don't even know telling you how to live your life and how to do your job and how to do your job.
They know you.
You're on the radio.
They listen to the scream.
They know you.
They don't know squat.
Oh, there's the Pope.
Oh, and they're singing in the dwelling.
No, you're in pain.
I'm in pain.
I'm in pain.
I'm in pain.
I'm in pain.
I'm in pain.
I'm in pain.
I'm in pain.
I'm in pain.
I'm in pain.
I'm in pain.
I'm in pain.
I'm in pain.
I'm in pain.
I'm in pain.
I'm in pain.
What's the use of saying that being so begins with during puts into holiness.
And then I think I should find out,
I should find out by Uhh....
Whatever is the reason that you should take the lesson of repentance to not fool you
minutes. But when the Pope shows up, oh my God, there's going to be angels singing in the world is
going to like us, start spinning around like at 78 RPM and people are going to have a nervous breakdown.
And there's Bush and the Pope. Bush and Alora, welcome to the White House.
We welcome you with the ancient words commanded by Saint Augustine.
Potspego. Potspego. You hear he's already picking on the Faggot. Potspego.
Well, he's got the right one.
Godfather, that's what they're serving for lunch, Faggot.
They still make that? Faggot? Soda Pop.
Have a soda pop. 640 votes in a pool. Most exciting, praying sports and leaning, I hate sports
115. Now, do we correct that? The sulky crack. Stealing home at a boy or a exe, he's on top of it.
And about to Eric sends me an email maybe even during the break about that fact I just read about
routers don't go bad. Even my engineer that was here before he agreed with me that they do funky
things and that they don't last all that long. All isheans wear out. Yeah.
And routers sooner than most, for whatever reason, I don't know why, because I don't know damn thing about
them. I don't pretend to know. I know how to hook them up though. I know how to hook up the name
all the stuff in here. I'm doing this is a do-it-yourself studio. When those dead in CDX went bad,
who ordered the new ones and hooked them up? I did. Am I right? When the power packed the
backup power was going out and starting to chirp and burp and fart, who ordered the new one and
hooked it up and paid for it I did. When the facts machines are going out, I don't want to start
panting myself on the back to art because then I'll breath. I'll puke all over the place, but it's
just all these experts. Oh, you're, I'll send in the Brooklyn Bridge, Neil. Yeah, for the 100 bucks
extra. Suppose I did pay a night. Eric says they're routers for 19 bucks, but they're crap.
They're crap. That's right. They're cheap routers and of course cheap. That's what this guy is,
this A plus N plus, yeah. A plus A whole.
What's your biggest name? The best talent. You're his real largest sport radio 5.
60 K.A.M. The sports leader.
The bandit.
The temperature is zero.
It is cold.
It is so freaking cold.
And I cringe every time the wind blows.
In my pants, something is shrinking.
I'm so cold I can't lip-sync.
Let's be cosy, dear, oh baby.
And I cannot feel my toes.
There's a tingling in my fingers.
And my pride that parts are fruits.
Oh, my nose is about to fall.
There's a cloud every time that I call.
And my hands are blue.
They are turning on.
They might have you take my thumbs.
All right.
Let's be cosy, oh baby.
I can barely move my mouth over.
I'm a red heart like the lover.
Oh, great boy.
But first I need to be thought out.
And that's because it's real.
I said, feel, I said, feel.
1046, 14 before love boys, you haven't played that in a long time.
So Eric has found because this guy is so persnickety that's any of that jackass facts.
He found the same router for 91 bucks now.
Okay.
But by the time I would pay customs and shipping up to here,
it would probably be worth the same amount.
But if we make that guy happy, I'll buy the one for 90 bucks.
Oh, you're still getting ripped off.
I'm not sure Eric is getting 80 bucks to that.
Oh, great.
Kick back.
Right, that's right. He's kicking it back.
So there was no follow-up facts from this jackass.
No.
Have you given me instructions on life?
I hate people like that.
No matter what you know or what you say, they know better.
What doesn't mean that sometimes we can't be wrong.
All of us can be wrong sometimes George.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Like, uh,
Look at Brass, he sleeps with the fish.
Like that.
All the time.
Margaret Kimberley on this working team says,
Pope Benedict go home and I say amen.
To bring Bernstein.
Bring another man.
Bring another candle.
Right here and put everybody into ovens and yeah,
miserable old creep.
Oh, he's talking about the Holy Father, yeah.
Another guy in a dress.
Margaret says,
Why would American media politicians and average citizens welcome a Hitler youth member
who personally work to ensure Bush's reelection
and who openly praised the genocide conducted against American Indians?
If the man in question becomes Pope,
it obviously doesn't matter what he says or does.
Otherwise, sensible people suddenly act like a literate mediaeval peasants
and fight to kiss his ring.
Benedict XVI will make his first visit to America's Pope this week,
since his elevation in 2005,
Benedict has proven himself to be among the worst most
retrograde Pope's in modern times,
worse even than his predecessor, John Paul the tooth.
John Paul's iconic Pope will be on international visits,
given the appearance of a warm and cuddly spiritual leader.
Yet he was every inch of politician and a right wing wanted that.
John Paul personally and forcefully opposed the liberation theology movement that swept
Latin American the 70s and 80s.
Colonel Joseph Rantziger, now Benedict XVI, was just like his boss.
His head of the congregation for the doctrine of the faith which used to be called the Inquisition,
Rantziger crushed all efforts to question church authority to promote leftist political activity,
notice God's right-wiler, Rantziger forced Father Leonardo Bough,
Father of the Liberation Theology to return to a monastery,
and shut up about liberating oppressed people.
Rantziger didn't confine his politics to Latin America in 2004,
George W. Bush asked the Vatican for help in his election campaign.
Not all the American vishops are with me, he whined. Bush's wish was Rantziger's command,
Rantziger would letter to American vishops and instruct it into the Nye Communion,
the politicians who supported abortion rights.
This letter was written in 2004 when John Kerry, a pro-choice Catholic ran against Bush.
The communion controversy was just one of the ways in which the Kerry campaign
was weakened by the Bush administration's successful mobilization of conservative right Christians.
It is certain that no punitive politician will bring up this disgraceful activity when
Benedict visits Washington and New York.
If a foreign religious leader can work to keep a favorite American president in power
and never be reproached, then he's treated to deliver words of hate.
Since he became pro-Benedictist heathen's self-sufficient American Indians and Muslims
all over the world, he said that Christianity was not imposed on Indians because they were
secretly because they secretly longed for it. Rubbing salt into the gaping wound Benedict
added that worship of traditional Indian religions would be a step backward.
Not content to insult the Indians who survived the Holocaust and flicked it upon them by Europeans,
Benedict proved himself to be just as big an introred Muslims.
He quoted a 14th century Byzantine emperor who said that the prophet Muhammad bought only
evil and inhuman things to the world. Despite his blatant bigotry of Benedict,
he still treated with respect and admiration, it certainly is good to be the Pope.
The reading in Sismar's house on the grounds that sits table?
How do you like that? It sounds like an old Jew with that thish matan. He said,
maybe he's getting ready for a Passover sater, huh?
But we'll have to know, you crazy old cout.
While European Asians were killing Indians, they also began to enslave
the Indians of Americans. The church put the full force of its authority behind slavery
from the earliest days of European incursions around the world. In 1455,
Pope Nicholas V gave permission to invade search out, capture bankushans of do all sarsans,
and pagans of whatsoever, and to reduce their persons to perpetual slavery.
What are sarsans? Sarsans? Yeah, Arab types. No!
The church didn't stray from that point of view for centuries as late as 1866 the church said,
it is not contrary to the natural and divine law for a slave to be sold,
but it's changed or given. When Benedict visits Washington, he
seen New York City who will say be massed before huge crowds, and politicians will sharpen
elbows and call in favors in order to be seen with him. No one has asked him to apologize for the
church's past support of these genocides or for his own hate speech. Unlike Jeremiah,
right who spoke truthful words, Benedict will be lionized for telling lies for justifying centuries
of atrocities because the perpetrators look like him. Catholics are not the only Christian
denomination to justify genocide and enslavement, America's true national religion manifests
destiny in white privilege, has very old and very deep roots. They start with the premise that
Europeans have the right to claim foreign lines as their own and killed by and sell human beings.
Most Americans, regardless of denomination of religious affiliation, see nothing wrong with
Pope Benedict's racism. That's why he'll be welcomed with open arms, the German-born ruler of
the Vatican may be very American after all. Hey, let's hear it from Papa, the Pope is smoking a big fat one.
Listen to the property, there's one butcher standing near applauding, your president,
and another butcher just sat down on his old pimpley ass. Sound like he was talking, but I Jewish
accent didn't it? It's not like it to me. It did. Who the hell are you kidding, Pops?
God. By the way, do you hear a buzz saw sound effect? No. Okay, because the DCS computer in
here is about to blow up. So if you hear an explosion, that's what it is. Well, that's not good.
No, I know. What do you mean it's a bad idea? I emailed George Corso like it's the fan, I think,
not being a technical guy, making some fan kind of noises, like a buzz saw kind of a sound effect.
Hey, let's say that's the fan noise. So he does a fan will quit and then it'll be quiet or the
computer will blow up. Well, that's not bad. I was just talking to our engineer here before,
who is one of the real engineer, about the DCS, that's my only concern in the student,
another son, another 400 year extension of my contract. Right. And he said, well, you know,
it's already outlived. It's in other words, any day. Any day, right? Same for this one here.
Well, what happens then? What do we do then? I mean, I got a lot of stuff on the regular computer,
but not nearly what we have on the DCS, as you know. That's the main library.
That's the question, the heart. The question was, what do we do then?
Punt. What word was that? Oh, punt with the pain. Now, you have a...
You're calling me names again. I presume, based on nothing, that your DCS is actually two computers,
you have a primary and then one that backs it up. I'm just presuming that.
What do you mean by that? Up there in your studio, you have a DCS computer.
Another... It backs it up. I don't think so. Ah, well, then maybe we should talk to someone about...
Is that a big one sitting on a floor there? Maybe we should.
Maybe we should talk to someone about having a backup system for your DCS, because once it's
gone, it's gone. Yeah. If you're a hard drive, it should become...
And they don't make it anymore. Right, no, but the problem is the hard drive.
If you're a hard drive, it becomes corrupted. That's it for that library there.
Have to ship you one of these hard drives. It's the hard.
I know if you have an extra one there somewhere.
Yes. We have a floor. My work fan crisis is in there.
We're backed up. I mean, they all get used up. We have a backup system here, like you should have up there.
I don't think so. I could start making a list.
No, don't, not now. Listen, don't start making a list because now that's money that's going to come off that big increase.
Okay, like I said, everything's fine. Everything is great.
There's no version. There's no version. There's no version.
Start, start, start, start, start.
I choose those. Go stepping on. Oh, my God. What kind of crap.
This is your government at work. This guy isn't a leader. I mean,
world leader, he's the leader of the Vatican for quite a lot. It's a religious bunch of crap.
But oh no. We have to, everything has to come to a screeching halt because the Pope is here,
and there are going to be millions of young people out there.
Oh Papa Papa because they've been brainwashed from the 10-day world enough to say they make gurgling sounds
Look at this
It's a long time ago. I'm a different I couldn't watch it. I changed it a long time ago
Graded with a 21 gun salute
No
Oh, oops. Yeah, 670 votes on the pull Chris. What do you think and we got a outside shot at a thousand during the show?
We sure has a hell better get one
Because the last couple days you would have thought although we did have a spectacular
Bugs like activity on our website yesterday. That's because of that story by very jackass times
I wrote that blog on there
But for some reason it never bothered call me back and didn't write a regular story in the regular newspaper and nobody reads the blogs
I
Just thought I mentioned that pussy. It's a misinformation there anyway. Hey Tommy get with him
10.56 at 5.60 W.M. Are you tossing and turning wicking up too soon if your neck or back hurts every morning?
9 out of 10 times. It's your mattress. That's why 1 800 mattress. They spend time with you on the phone
Asking important questions to figure out the type of firmness in the mattress you need call 1 800 mattress right now
Get yourself huge savings in all our popular brands
Seely and served of Simmons and Springyear
Tempority concerns and fluster great quality great low prices and service like you won't find any place else in the universe
Call today get your mattress delivered within just hours
All of their famous no risk send it back 30 day comfort trial
They'll even take your old mattress away and toss it with 1 800 mattress
They're up to three of their bucks right off the bat get a free frame and delivery on all orders and get deep
Disgusting this continued models too and 1 800 mattress gives you financing with no interest for 48 months
I've been using them for years and all the smart people at QM are doing the same even some of the them ones get a good night's sleep tonight
And for years to come call the original violin actress at 1 800 mattress or go to their website
Magpress.com. That's 1 800 MATTR ES leave off the last S because it stands for sensational savings and
Spotemen and sweep
What's his name? The best out
There's no projects
4.50 QAM
The sports leader
This is the Neil Roger show
This is your money
Any questions?
If you're one of the millions of people who've been praying to hear the Pope singing on his own CD your prayers have been answered
Now through a special arrangement with the Vatican his holiness is back and he's singing better than ever on the Pope's sing
He's the only to introduce myself by name is Pope John Paul
Yes, it's Pope John Paul the second singing songs that will lift you up and make you get down
He's turned around and starting to play that organ music choir boy
Play that organ music right
Play that organ music choir boy
Play that organ music to my life
This might be so
The Pope sings gives you the chance to hear the many sides of the owner of the Pope's wheel
On the other of the Pope's wheel
My child and the owner of the stool
And he's the bottom and on this CD he's the boss
You should be playing finger
You should not go me camping and get that judge
Play high stakes if you want to
You're helping to fool if you lose your shorts or come out and play finger
Beep beep beep beep beep
Be a bean please
Oh 69
I try to do
For the minute, chief, so Pope sings as a bit of a mile and a special introductory prize
Get it and save yourself
Buy dollars. It's a one right to speak of that
So I can't order that one for a 90 bucks for the $20 rebate because they won't ship to Canada
Poor Eric. He's trying I think I could probably go to like a future shop or best buy one of those
Walk in the door and buy me your cheap router right right not real cheap, but a good one medium cheap
And then that's right medium cheap kind of like QAM real real cheap medium
That's what we are wearing real cheap medium they hard find I'm very proud of routers. They're not hard to find
Probably get one of the gas station probably probably right out of the Chinese market
The convenience store
680 on the pool
We need to get the 800 by a new owner you're not gonna make your thousand. I'm telling you that right now
So they better really they better put on some heavy-duty pressure on that pool. So the people
Yeah, there's Chris giving you the big push. We got a pull for tomorrow
Oh, it's an old one. We are doing it again. That's all right
And the pope they got a special room there in a west wing with all the young altar boys really young and really fun
I don't want to say hung
Also, that for the pope just like Cardinal Spellman in New York they used to like have a limousine that would bring him
The boy to the back of the rectumry
Are you aware of that?
You've mentioned that before first name was Francis Francis Cardinal Spellman
Would you show me a guy named Francis other than maybe Francis? Oh here and I'll show you
Well, the next one contended Barack Obama has wiped out his democratic rival Hillary Clinton's yawning lead in Vienna
And preels by just five points in Pennsylvania according to a new pool. Yes, Tchard Day
Ahead of the quench Pennsylvania primary next Tuesday the LA Times Bloomberg poll suggested that Obama has not suffered
Overly from his description of working class voters as bitter as if
The poll gave the former first lady a lead of a bomb over Obama 46 to 41 in Pennsylvania down from double-vigied margins in earlier polls
And also had her losing in both indian and north-thirland in which both vote on May 6th
Stick a fork at her. She's done well done
She don't want to get the message which he's done finito
Unless of course like I said yesterday they come up with some way to make sure that he don't uh get in
Nothing would surprise me even that. You know what I mean? Yep
Analyst say Clinton needs a thumping victory in Pennsylvania next week to persuade democratic Hillary is known as super delegates
What was that? Thumping
The persuadant democratic luminary is known as super delegates that Obama who leads an overall delegate count is unelectable against John McCain
Like Pennsylvania
Indiana's a rust belt state full of the kind of blue collar voters that have formed the bedrock of sweltery support
Another poll released Monday by survey USA gave her a 16-poinley there but
The LA Times pool conducted from Thursday to Monday at the height of the bitterfuerre had Obama ahead in Indiana 40 to 35 over swallery
The LA Times pool also had Obama up 13 points in North Carolina
Other surveys also suggest the man bidding to be the first African-American president will benefit from the southern states' large number of black democratic voters
Another poll by Quinnipiac University out earlier yesterday a Clinton leading Obama in Pennsylvania by only six points 50 to 44
Oh
I thought maybe this was going to be a follow-up thanks from the self-appointed maven the expert who wants to sell me the Brooklyn bridge the router expert
Yeah, what's your claim to fame? Oh, I'm a router expert. It's like, you know, I played golf all my life. I'm a great golfer. I'm a router expert
Ron says don't enjoy your show glad to have you around for five more
Did you happen to look at the central jica blog? Yeah, I read it on the area yesterday
Couple of comments call out time and away he's changed his tune in your possibility of success
Yeah, I read the comments too and I keep in mind Ron the people are right the comments most of them are
All our time never did the right of calm suggesting, you know
I saved that for a long time that when he wrote when I came up here six seven years ago
Oh, how is he going to keep it touched with South Florida? It's going to be a real challenge. Well somehow I've done it
Just like during the hurricane during Katrina man we we had great coverage on that from here
Because I wasn't losing the power and I had the internet and I had the CNN and I had everything
So seems like time is also very thin skin quite funny though. You should take a look already saw it Ron
You should take a look see what I mean
Already saw it and read it on the air run yesterday
And also try to put it on our website, but it didn't get on her for some reason. I sent that story to um
Nucle nuts
Cornies
Nucle nuts never heard that one
Just made it up by the way that the fans stop making noise which could be a good thing or bad thing good
And it's still working try to these years. No, it's still working. Well, you want to hear us a sound effect? Oh look at this
Here's another great fool. Yeah, yeah
I knew you'd like that
Oh
What is you know Charlie Charlie B would be so impressed by this what is the best sub or sandwich of all time oh
And it's got Ruben Rachel Cuban Ruben Cuban Philly Cheese steak hero Italian anico's on
rake
Sandwiches and sandwiches. What's the favorite kind of bread you like?
Ribbread, Papa Nickel white bread
Wonder bread that'll make your body croak 80 different ways or however that many that is
My god, I went speaking to that. I got a strip of vitamins my kid. Yeah
Really yeah, I take what every day every day. I mean here's a quit uh-oh
Taking antioxidants like vitamins A and E which I do every day to prolong life may actually have the opposite effect new research
Is fun. How do you like that? I?
Quit taking those vitamins cold just like Oprah
She'd never touched another piece of meat
I'm not gonna say that yeah well
I'm aware 67 studies involving more than 230,000 people found no convincing evidence that the vitamins prolonged life
Even more beta-carotene vitamin A and vitamin E seem to increase mortality
According to researchers. I'm dying of it. Yes correct
However other health specialists said the research was flawed and supplements were safe to take
The review published by the Cochrane collaboration involved trials on beta-carotene vitamin A vitamin C vitamin E and selenium which I also take
The experts said the studies involved different doses of each antioxidant a total of 232,000 people were involved
47 trials included 180,000 plus people why did they keep throwing in numbers and had a low risk of bias
And these trials with low risk of bias the antioxidant supplements significantly increased mortality the reports authors wrote
When the different antioxidants were assessed separately and low risk of bias trials included in selenium excluded vitamin E
Was linked to a 16% increased risk of dying
Beta-carotene to a 7% increase and vitamin E to a 4% increased risk. However, there was no significant detrimental effect caused by vitamin C
So those of you who are taking your vitamins every day. I don't know
See you never know what to believe right this line is pauling and all I crap
Well, if you take enough vitamin C to make you have wild diarrhea, it's gonna be real good for you know
That doesn't make your your pee fluorescent
Does it really yeah, I had no fluorescent green then goes in the dark
I take vitamin E every once E or C it's C but it's a lot of it and it'll make it neon neon green
P and neon yeah, we found the evidence to support antioxidant supplements for primary or secondary prevention
Beta-carotene vitamin A and E given singly were combined with other antioxidant supplements significantly increase mortality
well
There was no evidence C increased longevity though
selenium tends to reduce mortality, but only when high risk high bias risk trials were considered
Accordingly, we need more research on vitamin C and selenium
tend to reduce mortality seen other words, it might be good for you. I think it every day
growing
Ben
How have you said?
Vellicovic
It was any researcher cared off the new
Review at Copenhagen University in Denmark
Totally a press association we could find no evidence to support taking antioxidant supplements to reduce the risk of dying earlier and health people and healthy people are patients with various diseases
The findings of our review showed that if anything people in trial groups give the antioxidants
Beta-carotene vitamin A and vitamin E showed increased rates of mortality. They were all screaming
Packed for culfur nutritionists who's formulated some supplements for the firm biocare told press cockin that ca-
No one in Brit the lower one is any a stichop
Yeah, I don't know
Antioxidants are not meant to be magic bullets and should not be expected to under a lifetime of unhealthy habits
All for it said but when used properly
In combination with eating a healthy diet full of fruits and vegetables
Getting plenty of exercise and not smoking any accident supplements can play an important role in maintaining and promoting health overall
Dr. Michele Savler the health food manufacturers association said the analysis was flawed
Well, of course, she would say they want to put a whole bunch of vitamins
Healthy consumers can still feel confident they can safely take their antioxidant supplements
She said based on what based on she said it and they want to sell a lot of stuff to make a lot of money
Well, I don't know what to do about that. What is that?
I'm going to continue a lot. I'm going to keep taking them
Considering, you know, the evil all the crap that I eat and no exercise. Although I do a lot of walking
Right, what's thinking about the yesterday just walking from the parking lot when I drive to woodline? Which I do a lot
Uh, and I did win yesterday again by the way 900 bucks Chris oh
I
Walking from the apartment logist into the inference and walking around inside
That's for walking that I do just in one visit that I would do in a whole year in Florida, right?
Were you gonna walk in Florida? I don't around the house
Around a block
Sure, no sidewalks up. I mean, oh today is the Pope's 81st birthday. Where you know what? I still say a hubman drew
The best
That house
Yeah
Jesus, please stop back.
Jesus, please stop.
Jesus, please stop.
Jesus, please stop.
Jesus, please stop.
Jesus, please stop.
Jesus, please stop.
Jesus, please stop.
Jesus, please stop back.
Jesus, please stop.
Jesus, please stop.
Jesus, please stop.
Jesus, please stop.
Jesus, please stop.
Jesus, please stop.
Jesus, please stop.
Ah, yeah, oh, yeah.
Ah, yeah, the thousandth dot.
The whip at getting higher.
The whip at getting higher.
The whip at getting higher.
The whip at getting higher.
The whip at getting higher.
The whip at getting higher.
The Country seas in the grass.
the world's best.
He likes his token ass.
The world's best.
He's a good way to ask.
The world's best.
The world's best.
The world's best.
The world's best.
The world's best.
The world's best.
The world's best.
It's been said that the down's got 100 and seven.
This is 24 in the pink.
4 in the green.
You want to do it?
No.
A point I joined QNM today from moon to one from a Marlon ticket hit.
A ticket hit.
Ticket ticket ticket.
Maybe that's what these guys ought to do instead of sitting around on their ass all day.
Go across the street and make a ticket hit.
I'll let Joe Feinberg in there anymore.
Stop by the Hooters location at Pines in University and get free tickets to see your Florida Marlins.
Take on a braves.
Although it doesn't say what day.
I know they're playing in this series.
Is that for tonight?
I guess so because they're playing today and tomorrow.
Who knows? I don't know because it doesn't say so.
Hurry because once they're gone, they're just gone.
And I'm sure there'll be people lined up for blocks for miles from here to Uranus.
For those three Marlon tickets because they're free.
That's from moon to one.
Look for the what's going to be there.
I give up the QNM van.
The Humper.
The Humper?
Well, one of my in my space people rick confuses me even more.
It says, PSI, I hope I didn't confuse you with all the technical talk.
Well, of course you did. Rick has a manidian.
It says you can have a wireless router and give it to all the cables running around.
I didn't in my house. George was half right.
They're used for wireless devices, but you can hook up your computers as well.
All you will need is a wireless card installed.
Any two of you desktop computers you want to hook up.
Well, there's only two.
Well, duh.
If you put a wireless card in your computer then it becomes a wireless device.
When you stick it, if you put a wireless card up your butt then you become a wireless device.
Oh, sure. When you stick it in the back it's in your desktop.
It has all these module slots in it.
You have to open up the computer and install it.
Yes, past it.
Just remember to pass it and protect your wireless router so nobody else can hook up by using your internet connection.
By the way, it says that prices a lot for a router.
142 bucks.
Well, I can get it for 77 now, but they won't ship it here.
Because there's a $20 rebate.
And it's going to be the Hummer and there will be tickets for both games.
It's the QM Humper is out there and tickets for the 9th and the Mara.
To see the Marlins, they want again.
Oh, yeah, everybody's all whipped up about the Marlins.
Because somebody's hoping we got a half way decent team, even though they know we won't.
Because what they're doing is slashing burn all the time.
Slashing burn cuts the payroll.
$21 million payroll.
Doesn't payroll make more than that all by himself?
Yes, he's making like 25.
When one player on another team is making more money than your whole payroll, that's probably not a good sign.
That's like comparing my current salary with the salaries of all the people across the street, put together.
Isn't that a good analogy?
I think so.
All right, times two.
Well, of course, now I'm talking about it now.
Oh, now next year, different story.
When I'm making 40 bucks a year and Georgia's getting the big bucks though next year.
He's going to have a sit down with Jolly Joe.
And they're going to like hammer out the fugula.
Yeah, there's going to be a lot of hammering mostly on my head.
That was funny.
Yeah, hysterical.
So go get your marlin tickets.
Okay, who's over there?
Flea.
I guess not because he just told us who?
Flea just told us that the specifics.
So I guess it's someone else.
Well, these people want to know who they're going to meet and greet when they go over there to uh...
Could leaders where they could be corn.
Rolly and Juan or Jaime Slanko.
Jaime, uh...
Oh, there's the Pope and a present.
I wonder what kind of clientist and plans they're making, huh?
The face and having standard conversation.
Much more.
Candid conversation.
Somebody needs the smasher and a head with a two by four.
What kind of crap is that?
All these suck-ups in the media.
All they're having a candid conversation about what?
About child molesters?
About butchers who start wars and invade other countries?
About what?
Butchers of a feather stroll together.
Having a candid conversation.
All these bubble-headed bitches there on CNN and MSNBC.
I'll align them all up.
When did Thou take them up?
Except I've chewed one of them.
How's that her? No.
What's the little like her? Is that her?
She's on a location in Blacksburg.
From really compassionate leaders?
Is that the blonde chick that's usually the anchor?
You're going to make me change it now?
Well, do you know the one I'm talking about?
Yes, no.
This Alice, right?
It'll be Drew.
What? Drew.
Drew, what?
Well, we're friendly neighborhood, uh, hand out guy.
I'm talking about somehow chick on TV and you're giving me a song to dance about.
Well, he was changed on channel.
Nobody cares Chris. Nobody cares.
Somebody might.
Well, they don't.
All they want is the free tickets.
They don't give a crap.
If they're like, uh, no matter who it is.
Isca Bibbel, if he's there, handed out the tickets.
They don't care.
If it's the ghost of Big Wilson, they don't care.
If it's Greg Reed's brother-in-law, they don't care.
720 votes. You're not going to make no thousand a day, Mr. No chance.
What are you talking about? I'm talking, honest.
What's the most exciting play in sports?
I hate sports, 124.
Hate it. Don't just dislike it.
I hate it. That's what George voted.
I did not.
You voted for one of these?
No, I was locked out. Somebody had already voted.
Oh, good.
Would have voted for the car crash or something like that.
It's not a plain sports.
It's on the pole.
So guess what?
I was voted for that.
Medigor toss. That's what I would have been for.
That's exciting.
I see a medicine for a guitar.
I see a medicine for a play in sports.
Yeah, I see a film of it. It's a thrill.
It's not a play in sports.
And I don't hate sports.
Kick return for touchdown on 19.
Hail Mary 69.
Holy Mother of God.
Blessed out, Thou much sinners.
And blessed is the fruit of thy womb.
Play at the plate 55, buzzer beater 49.
Stretch run and thurbered racing 44, especially like a firmed in Aladar.
Or what was the other one?
Easy, easy gore.
And what was it?
Sensational, spectacular bid.
No. Sunday silence.
Oh, we used to have that on a cart with Tom Durkin.
You can hear that his chair squeaking.
Because he's a big fat guy, Tom Durkin.
You can hear the chair actually squeaking on it.
Inside the park, home 141, goal line stand 39.
Knockout punch 30, fold.
Breakaway goal in 30.
I ain't hockey 30.
Yeah.
Stockhart crashed 28.
Pemily shot 22.
There's too many choices on here.
Suicide squeeze 18.
Five on three.
Pemily kill 13.
Manitour toss 11.
Stealing home 8.
Heter goal in soccer 7.
Shootout 6.
Alupe 3.
Salky crash 3.
And fast break 1.
Salky crash my ass.
That's just not a playing sports.
It's an accident.
That's like saying, all the most done like the stock car thing.
For example, what's the most exciting thing you see all day?
Oh, bad car crash when a whole bunch of people get killed like that.
You know, a bus in a van like that.
And then that's exciting.
Sean.
Salky crash.
This is a man who obviously is the hardest racing expert at a Fissiano.
And you've been falling down on the job today.
We haven't had much race talk.
Well, it's big numbers.
And now is the trick right here.
Oh, wait a minute.
Let me go back.
I don't know.
I'm looking at some ugly queen on the HPI and the racing network.
Because I think it's the one that we were talking about before.
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah, she looks just like intern Shannon.
She's beautiful.
She is a lover.
Former intern Shannon, I should say.
Yeah, the one that used to do a crotch on the floor a lot with you hovering over her ass.
Yeah.
What's your point?
You gave her a lot of ass assignments.
That's my point.
That's right.
She took right to them.
Evidently.
Well, that's George Boyman.
He's a afflanderer and a whatever.
And that's why he's sick all the time.
What is it?
The best talent.
Boyman.
The project is 4.560 km.
The fourth leader.
Holy Makin'on.
This is Joe Bourne, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God.
Well, I was shopping at the store for some food.
Buying groceries never felt so good.
To that, I didn't know my credit was waxed.
Nor security was breached in the database.
Got a CRAP that spells me.
My credit is crap.com, baby.
I'm as crude as I can be.
Not about killing myself, baby.
Now instead of eating, I'm getting fat.
My identity was stolen and now my life is this crap.
CRAPE that spells me.
My credit is crap.com, baby.
All right, 1131 at 560, nobody QAM.
Guess what, Mr. President?
Well, we have to take some causes, half hour.
Okay?
56670560, 0560, 0560, in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
George has been after a bunch of them up there
because my router is dead here.
And I don't have my other computer working in handles
the internet for the phone.
Right.
So as a result, George will punch them up.
But he can handle it.
It's right.
We would have the thing here if, of course,
or whoever got in touch with our Toronto engineering
would have said, you know, go ahead and pick one up
and put it in new router.
Because that's what he said.
The first thing that came to his mind was,
and why would that be the first thing he came to his mind
if routers don't go bad?
Of course, that jacket is as stupid as the facts.
The really, really stupid idiotic facts.
The dollar sank to an all-time low against the Euro today
with US inflation coming in three times as high as expected
and March on top of escalating food and energy prices.
Well, the inflation is, how come the market is up?
Can you answer that question?
I give up.
Look at that.
The S&P is up 19.
That I was up 184.
Woo!
And oil is up a whole over $113 a barrel again.
Inflation also rose overseas in the Euro reached $159.66,
almost $1.60.
After the EU's statistical agency, EuroStat,
said that anyone inflation rose on higher prices
for transport fuel, heating, dairy products and bread
was the quickest increase in 16 years.
The Euro surprised its previous record of $159.12, said April 10.
The Euro rose because inflation overseas was likely muffled calls
for the European Central Bank to lower its interest rate from 4%.
The bank's primary mission is to combat inflation.
Well, thank you, Mr. President, and the British pound
which slipped to the end of series of Dow economic reports
climbed back to $1.97.62, almost two bucks, almost double.
Wow.
Thanks for that great American dollar, Mr. President,
there was low gas prices and at low price of oil
that's destroying the economy all around the world.
Thank you, thank you, and your Saudi buddies.
See, he hangs out with all the crooks, all the criminals,
the Pope, the Saudis, all of these criminal bastards.
But the only father who is here in the EU, you don't understand.
It means so much here. Why is that?
Why does it mean anything?
I don't know.
The fact that he's here, we ought to put him on trial
for crimes against humanity, things like that.
You can imagine all the people, all the unwanted babies
that are crawling around on the unfed, unwanted babies.
Right.
And all the people with AIDS and other diseases
because of the Vatican, the condemns, condoms, they condemn condoms.
They're rich and they take money from poor people.
What else do you need to know besides the whole?
Well, today I'm going to take the hour risk,
because then they can pay off all those people they used to be rich
until they had to pay off hundreds of millions
and maybe a couple of billion dollars to settle all those lawsuits
against those people that were abused by the church.
There's one thing I've been trying to tell you people for years
is it's...
There's no signs in the church.
Right.
Like no mistake of booted.
You're not going to get your thousand even close today.
Boy, we are slip and bad.
We'll do it.
747.
Great plane to fly, but not a really high total on the pull-out
1134 in the morning.
For his 847, I'd say no problem, no sweat.
But 747.
No chance.
No effing chance.
We'll see what we have again.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Just a lump.
You just sit there in that chair and say idiotic and anything.
That's what you do.
Well, you at least agree that the routers go bad.
Yes.
You would've got to tell me that.
Correct.
And Eric doesn't understand that first one.
He said, I'd be more than happy to pay 142 to Tiger.ca, whatever.
They won't ship it to somebody who's building addresses in the USA.
Building addresses has to be, I don't have no building address here.
I got a home address, but I got no building address.
Huh.
Huh, what?
Nothing, just acknowledging it.
So I should go on and just buy one, right?
That would be the quickest and easiest way to do it.
Right.
Production.
Go to your nearest best buy or whatever, even radio schlock hasn't.
Radio schlock?
Do they have those in Canadian?
Yeah.
Alright, well then.
They got a router.
Yeah, there's a radio check in the 8th and center.
It's a matter of fact.
Maybe I'll go stop by there and do a little eaten.
Sure.
At the eating center, maybe I'll go to bastard robins.
I just change your route a little bit.
And get a three school pot five Sunday with Rocky Road.
Oh God.
You sure you don't hear that?
No, I don't.
It says, quiet as a church mosque.
I hear nothing.
The line is as clean and silent.
It was starting up again.
Oh, it's starting up again.
When he's starting up again, it's just getting louder and louder.
Quite you told me.
Didn't he tell me a few minutes ago that it was quiet?
Well, yeah, they'd go to died, but then it came back.
No.
Look at that.
I can't hear it.
Cortus came in here.
He heard it from the other room.
Alright, here's what you do.
Turn it off and then turn it back on again.
I did.
All the files are going to have to reboot.
I already did that.
I already did that.
You already did that?
Yeah, yeah.
It came back quite hard.
I think I heard it.
After a little rest, it came back real loud.
Really?
It's going to blow up.
So, but you got a backup one there.
Right, no, we're not going to lose the files.
I'm just going to lose the ability to play things until they replace it.
What do you mean until they replace it?
This computer, you know,
until they swap it out with the other one.
So they get a computer that works in here.
Assuming the computer blows up.
But they don't make those anymore.
No, no, no.
The DCS is software.
You know, you can make it work with a computer.
You can?
Yeah.
Are you sure?
Pretty sure.
But if you lose the hard drive, you lose all the information on there, all the files.
The files are backed up on two other hard drives here in the US studios.
Oh, well, thank God.
I love it.
We got enough problems with something as simple as a little freaking router.
Have you got any calls on there or what?
Yeah.
Got some.
Points went up.
QA and hello.
You can go Andy.
Andy.
Okay, good.
QA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir.
Will Simeiger from the Salvation Army and Homeless Shelter in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
I have a question regarding former employment for a possible future resident.
Hank Goldberg.
No, sir.
Yeah.
I thought he was driving.
No, he thought he was very funny, obviously.
So the thing with Hank is at least he had the ESPN backup, which I'm sure he probably makes more for them than he was with us or whatever.
But he's okay.
And he can do some ESPN radio and other stuff.
With me, this is it.
And I started to say the other day and I should have finished the story, but I got it kept interrupting myself.
This whole thing was handled so badly as you recall those really ugly days back in December and early January.
When I was on the ripping them and asked every day.
And I mean, it was because I was under the impression that they basically didn't want to renew.
They didn't want me to stick around.
They were like the Humper.
They wanted him out.
So they kept making more and more insulting offers until he finally said, screw you in goodbye and all like that.
Because he's got some default back on.
So to speak.
Now, what's his name?
Steven Streewer here.
Maybe I'd have something to fall back on.
No, not back on.
Up around.
So that was that deal.
You got any more calls?
Yeah.
See, this is awkward without having to route it here so I can't look on the thing and see it for myself.
But that's the way it goes because our outfit is real, real cheap and all that.
Let's avoid that if we possibly can't.
We don't want to spend like, and if they are cheap like 70-rated books, what kind of money is that?
Like I wouldn't pay for it myself?
Secure it and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
All right.
Thanks for taking my call.
And me, sir, bro.
Hello.
And I'm listening.
Why would you ignore your policies?
You're no better reason of the show.
Yeah, okay.
What do you got for us?
Hey, do you know, do you have an idea how many, how many meters of dollars the government is paying for the bulk trip to come over here?
No, I don't.
I wish I did.
It would make me sick.
It would make me sick.
Why would they get the money and give it to the poor, you know?
Yeah.
It's all I want to say.
Okay.
Go to church to the son to ask him the same question.
Why don't you get that money to the poor?
Would you get rid of him?
Oh, yeah.
I thought that was a cue.
He was a skew, all right?
Yeah, why did you turn your back on the callers?
Were they, yeah, you're the meat and potatoes of the show, right?
That'll be the day.
Even buddy, Holly ain't buying that.
Meat and potatoes, my ass.
God.
Potatoes, maybe.
You know how much money do you owe us?
But I just get through San Edelow a while ago.
I was ranting and raving about that.
Yes.
But it's much more meaningful if they say it.
Over there, Supreme Court upholds Kentucky's lethal injections by a vote of seven or two.
All right.
Let's fry some people, buddy.
Look at that needle.
The stick is out.
You know what he's saying, Roger?
Stick it.
Stick it.
You lay out the meat for its leader.
What's wrong with that?
Oh, Papa.
We like craving.
We like craving.
This is my life.
We saw these like craving you.
And don't you agree with me?
And what's nice is, with the oil price rises.
There's nothing you can do.
Not only you, Frank.
We got the way with the night of love ever, Frank.
And you bring this thing with us.
Our state on your fly, got it right.
So we keep craving.
We carry the play and the meat.
We saw these keep craving you.
And we've been craving.
And now you can craving.
Why not?
You do a fantastic smooth.
This is awesome.
It's amazing.
It's a hell of a real raising.
This is my hand with all the ways of the food.
So keep on dreaming.
About alternative fuels will keep on streaming.
Today is an inch of youth, way night-raping.
You're a lesser playing and game thing.
For the head-wrap, ever-its-of-do-fire.
Bye-bye, 1146-14-115-60W-QAM.
Barack Obama picked up another celebrity endorsement today.
Singer values that turn very loosely.
Bruce Springsteen announced his support for Obama
and no posted to his website.
Do you think we'll do it?
Must.
The boss.
The boss.
Thanks for that faux-pah there.
The rocker became famous singing of his blue collar roots
and recent comments from Obama
that were portrayed by his opponents as Senate and the working Americans.
We're taking out a context.
He's speech to the America I've envisioned in my music for the past 35 years, Springsteen writes,
a generous nation with a citizenry willing to tackle new onsen complex problems,
a country that's interested in its collective destiny,
and then the potential of its gathered spirit.
Whatever all I've made.
Springsteen apparently is doing its supporting a bottle by Stephen Van Zant,
who plays guitar in the East Street band.
According to this report, Van Zant played concertiery Silvio Dothi in the sopranos,
refused to appear in Hillary Clinton's campaign ads,
hooking the HBO series last year.
It's unclear who East Street sacks player Clarence Clemens' backing,
but a recipe for his big man Oyster Stew was put in a cookbook for these five
Bill Clinton's presidential library, his big man Oyster Stew.
Whatever the hell all that crap means.
I don't know.
That's what it's all about, baby, a bunch of crap.
Forget about issues, forget about solving problems,
forget about really making any changes, just talk a lot of crap.
Go bowling, you know, who's got the better bowling score?
That is pretty weak though, 37 for 7 frames.
Yeah, huh?
Pretty weak.
Ain't it? Yeah it is.
Just like Chris' pool today, 775 oats at its almost noon,
not even close to 800 that you need.
There's the Pope again.
The fairs, I mean, Pope's are very well aware.
He looks like an old lady with a bad cap on.
With a cap on.
And he does have a cap on.
If they would dye his hair blue, he doesn't have a cap on the cap.
They know.
Probably, he probably is a cap on.
And slippery.
Don't talk about me that way.
Don't you hear my Jewish accent?
I'm not dreaming at all.
Okay, I got out of the way.
What about Oyster Stew?
He is really something, man.
I can't say the word on a ear.
Sure you can.
Supreme Court upheld can tell you, according to a Charlie B,
I can say it.
Oh, you hold, get him by the balls and you demand the fart sounds back.
I'm going to tell you something.
Those people who believe that demanding fart sounds was like assuming
there weren't any negotiations, what's there weren't.
But assuming there would have been, can you imagine me saying,
oh, well, I got to have the fart sounds back, but I'm not signing.
Can anybody, oh, with an IQ more than six,
even imagine such a thing?
I'd make a good story.
What's this thing you're faxing me now?
Oh, the best anticipated facts of the day.
Really?
Okay.
Here we go.
I got it.
Oh, here you go.
Router is don't go bad.
Rebuff.
Okay, Neil.
And it's a lot.
I mean, give a life.
I have no life.
First, excuse me for not knowing your setup or possible special needs.
Unless you're a multi-million dollar business protecting fear for hundred
computers from the constant hackers and virus writers, it looked for just that.
Big business.
You should eat nothing more than the average home user.
I assume you were only putting more than one computer on a wire, which a fifty-dollar
D-link will make sense.
We'll do this fine.
Well, that's what I got right now is a link to.
It's okay.
That's the one that burned out.
Piece of crap.
No, that's seven years.
That's pretty good.
Like I said, it lasted a good service the last of the seven years.
It's a great link to this one.
Why don't I get a new one just like this one?
At least I know where to stick all the things.
I can stick it in the ticket.
Second, go get my facts out of the garbage.
Temporary I said, I was a router expert.
That's your assumption.
No, you said you were a technical expert.
A plus and plus, D plus, F plus.
Also, look where I said they really go bad.
That was the heading under them.
And facts that routers don't go bad.
Okay, I admit if you can't update the firmware, then yes, you fall into this category.
I didn't just get you telling you the first facts that they don't go bad.
Wasn't that the big headline on the page of the facts?
routers don't go bad.
Maybe we were unasseted.
Maybe he was unasseted.
Maybe he was unasseted to the kid.
Ass.
I was only telling you, my ten years experience using these routers,
you actually think that D-Link and Lixis would still be in business with a good reputation by selling crappy $15 routers?
I think not.
These routers are probably 90% of all the networks and work great, home networks.
And you're welcome because it seems that since you read my facts that just pisses you off to no end,
all of a sudden it's $70, not $140.
So this guy talks just out of your ass, sir.
Out of your ass, there is a nasty gas coming out of your ass and it's on this page.
Also, my five-year-old kid can replace a battery pack rack up.
You put it on the flag.
I was joking about that.
Okay, this guy's an idiot.
You put it on the floor, plug it in, put it in the computer,
motor plugs in the protected side.
Yeah, you plug in two plugs.
That takes brains.
Glad you figured it out.
And what this guy doesn't understand is that most of the people in his business who do what I do wouldn't be able to do it.
Am I right?
Yes.
Yes.
And if you have very important information on a hard drive and don't have the brains to back it up,
that tells me how smart you aren't.
Because when it's gone, you know what they say, it's gone.
PS, congrats on your five-year extension on your contract.
You're still the best amp for hours on A and radio will continue to listen until I die.
Hopefully, that last part might be soon.
Because you obviously are a real hard ass.
I was joking about the fact that I plugged that thing and it's got two plugs that plug in the back and you plug it into wall.
Wow, what a concept!
And then it charges up and it's got a bad reason inside and what we do.
But at least when it started fluttering and puking, which I think that's when you were on vacation, wasn't it Chris?
I guess so, yeah.
At least I knew I better do something.
Okay, so Eric told me where to go, where to go online and buy it.
They delivered it the next day.
And there it is.
My God.
I have no life.
That's obvious.
And here's the guy that started out.
Adamant.
Adamant.
Hostile.
Robbers don't go bad.
And I was like, oh, well, maybe that's so the problem.
Maybe yours is bad.
And then Denyze and he said it.
Just like Swarie, she was tired.
It was 11 o'clock at night.
It was 3 in the morning.
It was 4.30 in the morning.
It was 3 in the morning when the phone was ringing and she was in coherent.
Corrine to her husband.
And that's why she blurted out the crap about that sniper fire.
Yeah.
She was glirrious.
Sure.
In coherent to 3 in the morning.
Go let her answer the phone, especially if it's Monica.
Now, if it's Stephen Strait that calls it 3 in the morning, I'll answer the phone, okay?
Now, you still haven't seen that movie, right?
Correct.
And I still don't have your book about the slots.
I'm not in here today.
I'm not going to press my luck.
Yeah, don't.
Well, I want a few bucks yesterday and believe me, it wasn't easy.
Those dollar Wheel of Fortune man, they're torture.
It's the Wheel of Torture.
I went to the $5 room and I got a little bit lucky and then I went back.
Well, actually I did do okay in the dollar one.
The old ones in the back there.
For those of you who would buy in people, what's there aren't any?
Thank God.
And I put in 100 bucks and I played 97 bucks.
Never got a spin.
I got a couple of cherries.
And my last three bucks, I got 300 on the line.
How do you like that?
All right.
And I cashed that ticket out and I was 900 ahead and I said, I'm going, I'm getting out of here.
I'm going upstairs, give me a slice of pizza and the cafeteria.
I did not eat the macaroni and cheese, by the way.
Aren't you proud of me?
I am very.
I've let you restill very, very high today.
Unacceptably high and I will buy soon if I don't cut the crap, but I did not eat the macaroni
and cheese.
And that takes a lot of wheel park because they have a great, not good, but great macaroni
and cheese that would buy.
They do.
All race tracks, I don't know why that is.
Maybe it's something that they have back in a barn area that they stick in there.
You know, like in the cheese?
Light.
I have an oil.
Special sauce.
The special sauce here.
The Supreme Court of Health Kentucky's use of lethal injection executions today, likely
clearing the way to resume execution had been our hope for nearly eight months.
Adjustances by 72 vote turn back a constitutional challenge to the procedures in prison
Kentucky, which uses three drugs to sedate, paralyze and kill inmates, similar methods are
used by roughly three dozen states.
We agree that petitioners have a carry their burden of showing that the risk of pain from
maladministration of a conceitably human lethal injection protocol and the failure to adapt
untried, untested alternatives, constitute cruel, unusual punishment, Chief Justice John
Amanazi Robertson, an opinion that garnered only three votes.
Four other justices, however, agreed with the outcome.
Roberts' opinion did leave open subsequent challenges to lethal injection practices of a
state-refused, out-of-the-out alternative method that significantly reduced the risk of severe
pain.
Justice's Ruth Bader Ginsburg and David Souter descended.
I wonder if he's kin to Bruce Souter.
Who?
Picture for the Cardinals.
Oh, look at this.
Prosecutors for his vanity tag contains vulgarity.
Be something.
What?
Be something.
It's an interesting story.
Oh, by the way, the beast.
They were, is the Joe Roe show.
I thought that Zach was issuing executive orders evidently, and joining pain and tension
is Zach.
Because the whole show is about to be.
I was sitting here this morning.
Well, but then I'm talking about how he's going to eat himself with that stuff.
No, he wasn't talking about it.
He was playing a clip from his show and some interview in the hand.
I wrote a windbag on the phone.
They were both ripping the beast and yawning on it.
It's Joe Roe show about the beast.
The best out of two is no Rogers.
435.
62 AM.
The sports leader.
The stick chainy.
I like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers
12-1 hour movie.
Hey.
16 seconds.
I'm going to snap.
6-10 seconds into the lead zone and goes to the fire wing to Elmen.
Elmen is set by the foot.
I'm going to wait for you.
5 seconds.
I'm going to Elmen Go.
He's going.
He's going.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
We are the winner of theullovell lorsque.
I'm going to tune you in to your music with the level sings of this sound.
435.
re keyboards.
Please stay out of posture and wide range.
offer the fourth time you've been on the show for two hours at your time
Take over the log of both
You need to drop that there's a runner good. It's the name of old coach
Riley how about that you heard me how about that?
Yeah, go try
It is coach Riley
Not Rick Riley
A little bit of a deal just through Riley. Oh, we got the wrong guy Riley
Well, we can't talk about anything of the support as you know
Do you know anything about sports?
Well, I wasn't expecting just to Riley
You say something about the board to go right ahead
15
Don't call on the kind of doctor says the free hour and 50 minutes of play
Hey, oh, oh
Love it yeah, who you can trouble to it 560 W. Who 5M the jerk show at tuba sav known shocking isn't it?
Now are you gonna should we have an office pool and pick a day for his last show?
What
He's the pool by the way speaking of that you want to know why why?
Why is it a person's only chance to get into a thousand a day?
You need 213 more you're not you're not even an 800 with this. This is a turkey of a pool. Sorry Sean and Hollywood
What's the most exciting play in sports 787 on this pool week?
week
I hate sports 133
Kick return for touchdown one the reason I played the breakaway goal nearby Bob Pohlford is because breakaway goal is on here
Maybe it'll get down a little something
Kick return for touchdown 127 Hail Mary 77 play at the plate 58
Buzzard beater 55 it was Jackie Robinson at the plate and Yogi bear applying the tag in a 1953
World Series wasn't I think
You're 55. I don't know what it was
Buzzard beater 55 stretch run on third by racing 52 easy go and Sunday silence
Inside the park home on 44 goal. I understand 41 knockout punch 36 goal. I understand like the one that the Patriots didn't make it the end of the Super Bowl
Breakaway goal on hockey 33 like Pavel Burrey and when I told rumors the other day
I don't want to go in which is all about how I knew for sure that there was no chance of
Some for it ever being a hockey time. I was on vacation in Europe one of my 80 million vacations and I picked up
USA today Panthers acquire Pavel Burrey
I was so said that I wanted like wife my ears with it
And I come back to town. It was when we first went on and we were down on the second floor George
Remember that yep, and I brought that up and it was like what who what huh like that
Not only were they excited. They didn't even know who the hell he was
Stock car crash 30 which of course is not a play in sports but nevertheless penalty shot 25
Suicide squeeze when it doubts we sem out 18
5 on 3 penalty of 14
Madador toss 11 also not a X play in sports steaming home 10 header go and soccer 9 shoot out 6
Salkey for ash for oh
So many stupid people in so little time
All you three in the fast break one
Here's a fact we had a lot of faxes today. You know the sick that something was going on out there
Here's the new poll by the way best male singer of all time we did it about oh, I know 100 years ago
Oh, you've done that before well, you know what happened? We don't at least we're not doing what's the best hamburger in town
Yeah, you know what we ought to do we ought to do that one day and put them all I don't know how we get a hold of all the ones that
He's had on there on his polls. He's got to back a road which Jack's jerks as it's a really great, and he
I don't know he did when you were in vacation. He told the guys. Oh, they got a what what kind of burger was it Chris? Oh
Cowboy burger I think cowboy burger that's out of this world
It's almost as big as Shaxe head
The best male singer of all time and look at that
Elvis and Freddie Mercury are tied well, I thought our audience hated Elvis the Elvis don't they?
They do thought they did they do see he came in a close second to Roy the boy the first time we did this very
Orbison one which I like Roy Orbison, but if he was the best and you know who else was on a pool I got one vote
Rick Nelson. Yeah, whoever voted for Rick Nelson. All I can say is you fair. Come on. I mean, I liked him just fine
But he I mean he couldn't see his right of a paper sack. He's got some nice song. Hello Mary Lou
Yeah, like that
Right on the travel in man. I got him over here if you want to hear but I don't over here
Frank says just wanted to add my two cents to the pool or too bad the one we just ended I
Voted for the buzzer beater, but some of the most exciting plays in sports are at the end of a hockey game when the team by down by one pulls the goalie empty net
It's packed full of desperation usually ends up with either a great save or as Jim Houston would say great
See it's a great see he makes me one up here Jim Houston. That's for my two Canadian listeners. He sucks
It's a great scene or by the goalie or the friends been covering for the goalie or it ends in a game time goal
How much more exciting can it get empty net goal?
The NCAA tournament. They'll make pretty good argument for bussard beaters with
Chambres from Kansas and I do the width of three pointer for Wester Kentucky with three guys in his face
Which I didn't watch so I don't know what he's talking about
PS is Frank. I'm still holding my breath. They'll accept my friend request in my space
I face it during the same colors my balls. Okay, let's go to it. Okay?
How much you want to bet?
And see part of the problem is on on the show my space the friend requests you know how usually it'll it'll like
Light up on there or like it'll it'll have like a little thing but I get a friend request. It doesn't show
So I have to check them manually, you know, I mean right?
I've seen I got to go over the other oh Christ
This better be worth it Frank
Oh nothing for no reason
All right friend requests
No, yeah, I'm gonna approve it
I'm not unless you need to set it again. Yeah, but there's only one other super speed which I was to prove that that's it
They're all approved, baby. They're all approved Frank
Unless I didn't approve for some reason that maybe we're jerk or something like that which I don't think so I don't know
Maybe it's a goofball
Now why are we just playing that?
Here's one it says a must play play victim of recession. You know something interesting about that bit what
Which I will play after the next break, but that was an old rock comedy remember that sure of course they had good stuff
Yeah, they did and then they went out of business. They went there and they were defund
So I don't know what the story is there Frank, but I have approved everybody or approved or rejected as the case may be
Now here's the story that the beast said well, I just I got it plus we got to take at least two 300 calls between now and two
Right before the jerk show I'm sure that most of you about the heat the heat like that in the heat yeah
He sure is cool and
hip not
Jerks you know he when you try very hard see I don't try to be because I'm not I know I'm not I'm an old fart
I'm a squares a cardboard box and that's I've been all my life
So I don't try to be cool in hip, but when somebody tries very hard and you can tell that they're trying
You know what that tells you that they're not that's correct good. Yes
Better and date prosecutor Abby riftkins stuck in Northbound traffic on I 95 near North West 60 seven Street did the double take a
Divinity tag on the pickup truck and front of her a four letter word that begins and ends with T
What I
Literally almost drove off the road riftkins says it's a vulgar term for females and attend it
I was offended she mad herself on and stacked a photo
very little shots me says riftkins in about that
An assistant state attorney for 20 years Abby riftkin. I wonder if she's kind of the judge. I wonder
That that that judge riftkin my close personal friend who saved my career. Let me go to w. I. N. Z
I
Pressed lots of rapists lots of child monsters. I'm not approved
She said I'm all for freedom of expression
But there are certain words that are so objectionable and so disgusting and I've nobody deemed social value
And that's one the tag a Marine Corps specialty plant on 2006 white, that's a bishie raider is registered a Stuart
Tabarra's 28th of Pembroke Pines he couldn't be reached her comment
However, Tabarra's offered an explanation when he applied for the tag of the West Regional Courthouse in plantation
He told a clerk that the T word is a tactical group in the Marine Corps. He was in
Tactical wire assault team abbreviated as TWA T
He served with the Marines for years 2002 to 2006
He did a four-month Afghanistan tour attended the rank as tainted rank as sergeant said major manual
Delarosa Marine Corps spokesman for the Pentagon he worked in telecommunications as a field wireman
And
Wikipedia says so in other words he didn't make it up a common colloquialism for and amongst field telecommunications personnel in the Marine Corps is
Tactical wire assault team
So they did make it up obviously for for reasons but nevertheless at least they it exists
You know I'm saying right he didn't make it up just to put on a plate and be vulgar rift in one of the tag pulled
She called the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles to complain. I spoke to three different people last person said
Thank you for the information. We're gonna need a letter from you
I said what are you talking about you? I noticed they said we needed in writing
Radiculous riftkins says the department should accept and log telephone complaints
He maintains poem or brand assistance see for titles and registration of the division motor vehicle says there are 462,000 plus active personalized place
Written complaints are required for tracking purposes. He says the DMV manual tells how to lodge a complaint
Complaints can also be mailed to and it's got an email address
Brans is he would not lift this tag true
I know pretty much every dirty word around in several languages department spokesman and Nukka tola who serves on license plate reviewed board
Say she didn't know it's a regulatory meeting. I had to call my husband. She never heard of the tactical wire assault team
TWA T
Brand relies the board to review the tag a two person review board authority has final say
Recalls the the man alone should be her biggest problem
Disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to the station
They're bad there have seen their records are unavailable and their Jewish
It's too live Jews as a kosher as they want to be
We too live Jews and this rath rocks give me a bagel make mine with rocks. I met this box
She wanted my pickles. I told her it was kosher. She didn't take the gold
Moj Muck you'll get your wish
Open up wide
Fish with two live Jews inside
I'm motion if you think this is nasty something in kosher
Gosha, what's kosher?
My agent you have a glistening
Two live Jews as kosher if they want to be from Chris records available till sundown and look for an expert
These new kids on the block do acid rock and happy pay soft 1217
I guarantee you the two live Jews are better than Frank Sinatra put them on that pool
All right my request put it on you got it. Yep good
I'll see how we're doing so far now this you need how much for a thousand altogether
I think we had 79 so
21 that's a 11 yes 21 not doing good. Yeah, 21. Yes, it's a nice age
42 votes on the pool the best male singer of all time Elvis 10 Freddie Mercury 9
Roy over son 4 there goes the Pope speak in a queen on
As first visit to America the Nazi Pope is pretending to be Jewish talking about a Jewish accent pretty soon
He's gonna show up in Brooklyn at a deli
He'll be a Nathan's getting weenies
Wouldn't be the first time
Roy over son 4 Paul McCartney 3 Stevie Tyler 2 John London 2 Michael Jackson 2 oh
Elton John 2 and then one for Johnny Matthews day black. How come Dave black hasn't had a lot of votes yet from J in the African and Americans
I know
He's great. I want to put it time you look pretty good too. I don't know maybe it birth
Paul Simon 1 5-sigger 1
That was that oh nothing was that only an American
Wasn't a hit
What is that
Queen baby oh, I'm scared what the hell's that really what is your my best friend one of the biggest hits never heard of it of course that
5-sigger 1 Billy Joel 1 Rick Nelson 1 Luis Miguel 1. That's why voted for Marvin Gaye 1
And none for Frank's not for Burton coming who's a real jackass that played next to me with that machine
I would like I'm right to it at story many times. Yep Burton Cummings right there with his daughter or girlfriend or both on what he was
B.G. Thomas man is just a queen
Dion non-mod Stewart nun Jamor said on the Elson Akka non-facts domino none see it worked ready to report ahead because of that
You see you're you're tilting it now that's right
Give it a watch to mr. I'm gonna go and wipe my ass. He deserves it with your face
Mercury 12 and Elvis 11 well Freddie Mercury is much better than Elvis but then again who isn't
Freddie's voice was like Budda
Budda was in a note he couldn't hit
Spectralation of one of their colleagues might be an iron for the center was warmly welcomed yesterday by the host of MSNBC's
Morning Joe oh
When Harbors Chris Matthews appeared recently on the Colbert report Stephen Colbert asked him
There's a lot of tough it you might be running for all inspectors seen Pennsylvania any truth to that
You want to give me a scoop Colbert went on you want to respond to that in a form of an announcement?
Matthews seemed bemused at first asking a six-year term representing all the people of Pennsylvania
However he was soon admitting to Colbert when you know when you grow up some kids want to be a firm and I wanted to be a similar
That's an announcement Colbert declared a cheer from the audience. Oh
According to recent listen Colbert could have said anything could have said oh I just farted and he would have had cheers from the audience
It would could have said Chris is illiterate and they would have wild tears from the audience. It would have it
Especially when it comes to politics
According to recent posting at the website of longtime Republican operative Roger Stone
MSNBC TV star Chris Matthews has been quietly sounding out Democrats across Pennsylvania about seeking the Democratic nomination of post-Senator Arlen
Magic bullet specter
Matthews has been meeting with former Philadelphia City Controller Timing Leonard and as a coach governor Ed Randell to require about recruiting campaign personnel
After watching the Colbert report clip the morning Joe host were enthusiastic. I think he'd be a great public
What?
You just hit something man disappeared. Oh there you are wait a minute. Oh, what is that?
He just sent the F.I. I dumped it, but you know, what is that? We are on the air?
Some of what is that somebody in the control room is doing something they should know?
There's all kinds of
Profession right
We've only done that so many times. Do whatever you're doing
Oh
In there and stop it. He ran in there. He ran in there and stopped them from doing it
There we hope we had nothing to do with that
FCC find the guy in the control room. I dumped it, but I mean you can only hit it so many times. He's so epic in
Angry. Who was that was that jerks?
How do I know we're in this little room Chris is gonna come back and give us a full report. I'm sure
That was just
shopping that that was that was vintage Q.I.M. Baby sure
What I tell you about people in there posh me around in the car
We don't hire any radio people here
Well, that's for damn sure
The hard job. I was in the car on the way and I sure hope that this dump button is working
I'm sure you dumped it. I hit the dump button just continue. Oh, yeah, it's working. We're talking about why we were hearing them though
What was that? We're hearing Jason talking to a Carlos
From where where is he now there the other studio?
They're in the other studio. Yes, mm-hmm. It's 12 23. What does he do in the other studio besides swearing?
Swaring up in storm show prep so yeah prep my ass, okay? I'll go get a brush. God
Show prep I'll go get the Loub
Early other word was F and this and F and that and
Jesus
Do you hear it? No, I heard it through your monitor
Well, what does that mean? In other words, I heard it through your monitor like through your microphone
Yeah, like some talking in the background. Yeah, it didn't come through aren't I bar speakers in here?
Yeah, I was on here. Yeah, I think we were just hearing you know
George and I were just hearing your speakers. It's not like someone was talking at your place
So I think we're okay
Just remember what I told Johnny Joe that wasn't my signature on that contract
Was it a puppy popper
What what is that banging? Oh, oh, just
Oh
Hey, this boy you never know might be coming from the other room
It was so
There must have been
F bombs
She's okay, and I'm sitting here helpless like where's they oh, and I'm looking all around like where's that coming from?
Must be the router that's what it is. It's a miss routing. Yeah, we were we rerouted through the control room
With Jason Jackson and his filthy potty mouth
Well, I like more now
No comment I'm not saying word not that word anyway all the air I will
What a queen
1225 at 560 W. Kremits on your honor. Oh, she here. I ain't never said
Oh
Oh
I
Okay after that episode we just said I'm doing a little frustration eating a
Thing this and cold cut stuff all right turkey and veal sausage
With peppers and stuff
Good stuff just a little bit
How we doing on those marlin tickets out there at hooters at Pines University I don't we give anyway
Let's find out if they're all gone. I mean once they're gone. That's right
I don't want to read the promo if they're all gone, but of course why would anybody tell us right?
See one thing I was well aware of when I signed that document on Friday
Whether it's five years or a hundred years under the current regime nothing is ever gonna change
Nothing will ever change and what just happened in there is it's so typical
It's a playground. It's not a rate. It's not a broadcast station. It's not a radio stage not even a business
It's a playground for sports players
We ought to have swings and slides stuff like that. Nuri go around
Do you think there was fit sure?
So what's the story is anybody gonna call you from there and tell you whether we got any Marlon ticket sucked her up
I sent me a text and I presented he'll answer it. He always has
Assy mm-hmm. He's a good guy
860 on your total polls by the way. I'm counting the numbers all collected for you trying to get you to that thousand
I think if we change it again, you're still not gonna get there. No, we'll get there
not
We'll get there
Got 88 on this one. So you got 868 total
You know 132 votes and you got
90 minutes less to look comfort
Yeah, well though now come through. You know how animated he sounds these days probably cuz he's porking up again
You're getting read back right actually. I'm a constant the same so I think I'm gonna need to I'm staying the same
But no we're the HAT fat like that big fat chick with a fat ass
Moe unique no green you more more Howard
Freddie Mercury 19 Elvis 13 Freddie's pulling away and that's all because you played all that queen stuff right
Speaking of fact
Since you mentioned fat bottom girls
I'm gonna have to dig out the Elvis you don't cut it out. Oh, yeah, that'll do it
Put the king on top again. I don't want to hear it. I got a whole in fact right here
Go ahead
I
Got the free
They don't want to hear the music they just want to vote for him
I was very happy he had a bad voice he had a good voice. He was a good singer. He just didn't have any good songs
Oh
I agree well maybe the other disc are better than that first the disc on it's a three disc set
Yeah, I'm sure the discs are better than each other
But they saw his baby better. Yeah. Oh come on now give the king a chance
You're paying what?
No, I'm a two like this
Where the hell is it? Oh, that's the wrong disc
Well everybody likes
Oh, I've gentle on my mind
It's
Oh my god Ben Campbell's ready to blow his brain job
Have another drink, Glenn wasn't it? Glenn? It was always darker who I confused him with
What Campbell was always drunk always drunk
So spiss his mind
What about case events are in love
Vernon love my ass love. Thank you. Really? There's a you know medication for that
Vernon love Roy's not any of these three. I got it here somewhere. I got all the Elvis. I
Got it to
In gloves. I got it to I just I'm not gonna do that don't do it. I'll play some playing pretty mercury. I'm gonna stuff in Elvis. Oh
I hear it
See here's George again trying to like color the pool trying to taint the pool
Hey, what you think I would be right there. We said I'll drop in some queen songs in you know
22 for Freddie Mercury Elvis only 13 and Frank Sinatra's got 10. Oh my god
New York governor Patterson and his wife last year gave a shockingly low
150 dollars to charity despite a combined incoherent nearly 270 grand the couple's income tax filing show this according to the New York post
150 bucks went to the salvation army in the form of you clothing. Oh, maybe they give it to the hopper
That guy was so funny not
You know what I'm talking about nope. There you do the caller. Oh
That was the couple didn't check any of the charity contribution boxes
This is for the world trade center memorial listed on the state tax form
The 150 dollar donation was dwarfed by two other state officials
Attorney General Andrew Cuomo reported having last year made 14 grand and charitable contributions. I'm estimated in come of 545 grand
You know how much I gave to charity last year nothing correct
My whole life is charity
That's correct
Controller Thomas didn't know I supposed to feel bad about that I
Know too. No, I don't it's my money. I'll give it to whoever I want
I'll do whatever if I want to wipe my ass with it. I'll do it
If I want to paper the walls with it. I'll do it
Controller Taliston Appali who's single before the 143 grand total income gave
$3,065 to 29 charities last year
Patterson's Palfrey giving also came up short compared to his gubernatorial predecessors multiminary Elliott Spitzer
gave a 141 grand out of this County hookers or not or
Seven percent of his and his wife's total income George Pateki was widely criticized for short-changing charities reported donating
$2,600
$94 year before he came became governor
That included $885 worth of use clothing of the Salvation Army and more than $300 in corn other produce and on profit groups corn
My ass get out of here. Yeah
What W at corn, Hulio
Be a corn cob the peasant who does it?
I'm gonna do for a man corn is where it's at remember that story we had last week corn and oil
That's what I said true special corn sure is special baby
Well enough of the Elvis okay, I'm so glad I resurrected that pool at least it's better than that the sports nerd thing, okay?
I hate sports. I hate sports. Oh
Here's something if it cues up. I don't think it's gonna cue up
Come on you can do it
It doesn't work real well when you put the disc in upside down in the den
no
Now whenever happened with the one there is it still screwed up the line of this won't play
There's one here that's a particularly such a
You don't want to hear that no pretty mercury, baby. No, it isn't they dug them up just for that bit then yes, it is
It's pretty mercury. He's singing from the other side
You know what side it is back home the other side the male best male singer of all time now
There are other names on here. I'm sure that some of the people would like some of the rappers on here
Which they will not get on here because they're not singers
But it just seems to me that most of these names are old you know
Oh
Like we don't have Eddie Murphy on here not that he's recent, but you know, I mean
Nothing is okay
Are there any great male singers recent that we don't have on here? I'm trying to thank
What do you say Chris? Oh, what about that Michael Boobley? Oh?
About Harry Connick Jr
Like I said, at least it let's see the oldie
I
You're five sixty Q a.m. The force later now for the fucking the can is back bigger and better than ever
Elvis Presley in his first big movie role since he's been bad Elvis
Yes, it's a completely new Elvis movie with the same old Elvis movie touches
17 comfortable bass and 18 for gettable songs including day there
Dying in the chapel bluesway burial shoes doing nothing but a hall there and more
Yes, see Elvis in his stiffest performance yet he's bigger better and better than ever
Elvis over Avia playing in a theater drives a bit of mortuary near you
Oh
He could sing maybe but that we never heard it 16 to 2
One whatever the hell it is 16 to 2 let's get out of here. So do we get a report from flee?
Yes, wait and all gone
See it's a good idea for me to not keep reading the promo once they're gone
They're gone and if they're all gone and no sense reading it
See eventually sooner or later they'll begin to understand how this is kind of like a two-pronged operation
You have to stick to fit the prongs together. Mm-hmm. That's how it works
Well, you got good news your Chris thanks to me again coming up with a really great idea of changing the pool 921 now combined
All right 79 and 132 there he goes with the numbers again
He's mailing in numbers and by the way, we shouldn't bring George a lot of stamps next time he's a Gulfstream. I was next time going to be
Sooner or is it going to be after the appearance one moment because I just found out
You just found out five of you will be the next Gulfstream
Co-show five two me two yes
A two boot which is gonna be a Friday
It's a lot of stamps okay or fake when I come down there
They'll bring me some Canadian stamps cuz so I can read it in right a lot of years to be mailing in shows
Oh my god, we need new young fresh. Tell me the lot that old gold on here. Well, then no listen
That's all in your case you can female it in
Oh
Speaking of females as the Democratic presidential campaign and after I do this story we're gonna take a lot of calls
maybe
5 6 7 0 5 60 0 5 60 Verizon singular wireless line letter ring because George can't think of any
Unless Chris wants to screen him again not don't do it. Okay, then as
The Democratic presidential campaign is persistent new pool shows will be Clinton losing trust among voters
The latest findings from ABC News and Washington Post finds a majority of respondents find the former first lady untrustworthy
Compared to a majority who trusted her before the campaign began well
The post is her advisors efforts to deal with the problem by having a acknowledge her mistakes and cracks crack self-deprecating jokes
Don't seem to succeed it
privately the aids admit that the recent controversy over claim to have duct sniper fire on in fifth Bosnia made things worse
worse
lies
fantasies stories
Clinton's view is honest and trustworthy by just 39% of Americans according to a new
Washington Post ABC News pool compared with 52% of male last year
That's just 39
Nearly six out of 10 in the new pool six. She is not honest and trustworthy and now compared with Obama
Clinton is a deep has a deep trust deficit among Democrats creating him by 23 pushes the more honest and area in which you once led both
Obama and John Edwards
Among Democrats 63% called her honest on 18 from 2006 among you dependant sir
Trust levels is dropped 13 points to only 37 and Republicans help Clinton low regard in this in the past
23% called her honest few years ago, but now it's even lower just 16%
Majorities of men and women now say the phrase does not apply to her two years ago
Neural majorities of both did
If I just argue that her positive ratings have dipped is she's been defined by her opponents a normal campaign occurrence
And that a honesty problem reflects the pounding she took from Republicans in the 90s, but
The Bosnia incident the way the campaign handled a blood advisor divided over what a candidate can do after such a steep drop in trust
How about we're tired that would be a good idea sure deficit. Okay get out of the way
Quit screwing up the worst for everybody else
Doug Thompson says we don't need one of us in the White House
As a gun owner and Hunter I have trouble welcoming Hillary Clinton to the gun fraternity or sorority in her case
And as a recovering alcoholic who used to toss down to more than his share of shots
I even have more trouble imagining an evening at the local bar tossing back boiler makers with the Democratic presidential pretender
Yet claims of honey heritage and downy shots of crown royal and chasing it with beer is part of Clinton's latest attempt to prove
She's just one of us. She's one of the guys. Oh
That explains a lot right
Hillary appealed to a coin to CNN
Hillary appealed a second amendment supporters on Saturday by hinting that she has some experience of her own pulling triggers
I disagree with Senator Obama's assertion that people in our country clean the guns and have certain attitudes about trading immigration simply out of frustration
She began referring to Obama's comments on small town of Americans that set off a political tumult at least in the media on Friday
She then introduced a fond memory from her youth
You know my dad took me up behind the cottage of my grandfather build on a little lake called Lake Winola
Outside of Sren and taught me how to shoot when I was the little girls you said you know
Some people not continue to teach their children and grandchildren. It's part of culture
It's part of a way of life. It's the American effort away. She's somebody
People enjoy hunting and shooting because it's an important part of who they are not because they're bitter
ABC reports clinton stood by the bar took a shot of crown royal whiskey
She took one sip of the shot then on the small sip and a few seconds later through her head back and finished off the whole thing
Clinton later sat down on a table enjoyed some pizza and beer and called over Mayor Tom McDermott of Hammond Indiana to come join the table
Every time I get around you we start drinking Senator the mayor of Swam Clinton nodded and raised her glass at Saturday night though times
She said that's what she said
If Hillary Clinton is joining the ranks of the owners in this country
It's time to tune in our NRA cards and call Sarah Brady if there's even the slightest chance of running into her at the local pub
I'm headed for the nearest AA meeting
All this pathetic political pandering of course is just another attempt by Shreyl Hill to prove she's just one of us
It's even more laughable than Obama's lame attempt to become a borer when political candidates try to prove they're just plain folks
They come across as just plain fools
Memo to one and all you ain't one of us so drop this charade
We're not looking for one of us. We're looking for a leader
Bullying a 37 while wearing a white shirt and tie are tossing back with a few of politicals at a bar. It doesn't mean dick
This so-called presidential campaign as he sent into a site. That's what he said
The so-called presidential campaign is descended into a site to a photo ops meaningless diversions and comedy skits
So we're more from reality than the sketches on Saturday night life seem more real than what's happening out of the stunt
Besides if the phone rings at the White House at 3 a.m. And the president's spreading over across the bed passed out and then alcohol and do
Stupor nobody's available to answer the phone
I just get you San Edelawada go myself. Yes, I did
Yes, I did like Thompson who's still bitter. He's out there and he's bitter even tell
I can take this promo for that stupid Marlon tickets and Schmidt can't add one thing with jerks. Well, that was a indescribable fun
Should let it go on the air
Yeah
F and this and F and that was so F and that you know
Not that I don't use the F word but I try to yeah, I try to avoid a winner. I'm near a live mic right we effort up all morning long
Do we yep that's an S and S and F
That's all F and Morty. Yeah, I'm F and Morton
That's because we're confident that that's not going on the air as opposed to them playing around in that control room
My suggestion is stay that F out of the control room on the shows on here until until the last bit or moment
See so doing what that's no fun
Stay out of there quit not gonna solve the year quit interjecting stuff that isn't supposed to be on the air
Quit swearing up a storm on a live mic. That's on the air. That's seriously. You don't hear this?
No
Mark most is how about Robert plan for the poll
How about shop plot Robert plans good. Yes, yes, we'll get him on here
Well, we'll add to the poll. We'll take suggestions because the more names we add on air the more votes
We're gonna get the sooner Chris. I get to his thousand combined finally all right
148 and 789 is what 937
You got an hour and eight minutes for 63 votes if you can't do that in 68 minutes man
Wow, I could run strong. What is that brother plan?
I mean I could place a let's up on the best two. No, thanks
Yeah, yeah, there's that kid you want to get there's Ali falching
Very nice
It's about radio
148 votes on our second poll and Freddie Mercury's got 35 Frank Sinatra 17 11 16 and Marvin Gay 13
Marvin's making a move and right of boys only got 12
He won the first time that was a long time ago. I guess he might have been a little bit warmer back then, you know
maybe
Right of boy good, but I'm not I wouldn't even say he's great. I don't know great. How many singers were great?
Well, what are we we talk about great voices? He definitely had one you did yeah
The long
He was good not great and it's all subjective man
It's all subjective you say where the boy was great that means you're probably you know fried
I'm growing number of bankruptcies among US retailers is set to prompt thousands of store closings
New York Times will report on the front page of its new identity yesterday
Well, this is from two days ago. I have oh, that's right. We better take some calls before I get into many more of these stories
Gonna have any we got word won't punch it up Q. I am hello
Q. I am oh, yeah, good Canadian boy. Yeah, okay. See you around
You're young you want to put them on the shirt. How about their crossbe not been crossbe?
How about swills Steven swills and grow nash
What separately now now it's just a joke. Oh, man. You're gonna put me a young right here
Next thing you'll be put man Murray on there for crying out loud speaking to Canadians. No
How about great Canadian singers? We already got Burton Cummings on there. We leave anybody out
Gettily from rush
Okay
Anybody else anybody else robin anything else robin? No, that that I can take out. Oh good
Now the Canadian gentler groups in a little bit are our several females like man Murray whose blows and
Assuming they've it. That we worse. Who we don't have David Bowie on here David Bowie. Oh
We know I never you know I never did tell you what victim recession
You're slipping man you really some you're suppose I mean you know what this big raise now and have your big meeting with jolly
Joe
Well, I spated George this morning with the deal one. Yeah, yeah, everybody was gonna be involved in negotiations if there were any but there weren't any
Negotiations you know the standard right right
It was that this is what they put on a sheet of paper any and then he told normal well come back with a counteroffer
Come back with N. We did and they just like laughed and wipe their ass with it and then they said well
That we're on the outside is is what we can do and since all these other big offers were coming in even though it's only the middle of April
And I saw the way that things were going into business and I said to myself you know what I'd rather be safe than sorry
What if we have like two or three really bad books they say oh we don't think he's got it anymore
You know he's a dodging old fool and and you know he's done like that
There are many different things you have to consider in this business as opposed to oh I need a lot of money first of all that second kid was a bad idea
1256 at 560 to be Q. A. M. Just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon
I'm saving the quarter
I'm cutting
Stores
And I don't know if I'll get through it Oh no I spend too much I bounce by check this month
There goes my credit rating here I thought I had more in my savings
I'll take you well to lunch if you buy
It's the softy economy, it's the softy economy
I'm saving nickels and corners I'm cutting coupons because
I'm a victim of recession
You're fairly
Okay what I wanted 560 WNQM, aren't we all we're bitter baby we are bitter
We're all victims of recession I don't want to get $200 bills to rub together
Maybe I'm going to go to Woodbind this afternoon what do you think?
Not a good idea, Woodbind Wednesday
Are you there?
Oh no, how come?
What is this new routinely?
I've noticed this has been going on a lot more and more I'll ask, obviously there's a question mark at the end
I think it was obvious
Maybe you should make one of those sounds like what's his name?
Like what's his name?
The guy that would make the sounds for the punctuation
I can't make those sounds
No, how about just...
Oh no
You better watch it Mr. because you're treading on real thin ice right now especially of intermiddle lake Ontario
And by the way it is just beautiful
I know that Pauli, Katherine overlissons everyday to get the Toronto weather
Was that a question mark?
Captain baby radio, look at that it's going to be it's already 15, it's going to be 18 at 65 degrees tomorrow's 20, 68, Friday, 66 and Saturday, 58
The sun is shining, there's no rain, there's no snow, there's no ice, there's no freezing sleep, there's no...
I'm glad the birds are singing, the squirrels are having a... we got black squirrels here
Yeah
I've mentioned that before, you don't find that stuff
I've never seen any in Florida, have you?
No, Florida no
Why do black squirrels hang out here up north?
I don't know, there's more tolerance up there
Is that what it is?
I don't think there's a discriminative against... I don't think we got any Muslim squirrels
Have you checked?
In my building, we have a lot of people
85 kids
Future suicide bombers
Oh!
The least one thing I know I'll be safe because they're not going to blow up their own building
I don't think, you know, not with a Muslim or a Muslim society, if they blow up themselves
Yeah, they might have an accident, you know
And somebody gets hurt
179 votes on your second pool, let's add those together and get this over with already
It's getting 9.68
Isn't the Pope-Low Bill like bulletproof?
Yeah
So why do they have to have like the social... see what service is wanting next to it?
Just in case, yeah
Just in case somebody switched the glass
Oh, okay
Okay, somebody has a bazooka
Yeah, there you go
Okay, somebody's got like a neutron bomb
The Pope-Mobile and he's slipping him around, he's waving and they're all...
Oh my God, wait till you see all the cosignans of people
You know what's really scary to me is that everywhere he goes to these like stadiums
And these hundreds of stuff like what he was here in Toronto, the old Pope, few years ago
All these young people come out, well what is the point of that?
Well, I guess it goes to show that brainwashing really works
Well, they start young
Good, yeah, they sure do
When they're showing him this morning, I just have pictures of like the movie Omen
But movie? Omen? The Omen?
Oh, the Omen?
When Gregory Schmeck
And then William Holden was in Omen 2, am I right?
In Omen 3, forget about it
Right
Damien! Damien!
What?
I told you to get rid of that dog
What's that? I think I'm the first thing in the morning sir
That's not a dog
That's not a dog
Good movie, the Omen
There was four Omen's
There was a fourth one?
Oh, this is a TV one, okay
Oh my god, you think after the third one I would have been doing it
Who was in Omen 3, it was really a stiff
Omen 2 was William Holden
And we're not counting the remake of the Omen
I beg your pardon?
They remade the first one
Oh my god
Why?
Money
I guarantee they didn't make any
Movies that don't like Psycho
Certainly didn't need any remade
They made it like remade it
But stranger calls did not need
I mean first of all when a stranger calls wasn't even a huge hit movie
I mean it was a great movie the first one when Charles Durning
But it was like a big hit that
Why would you remake it?
A star is born, I can see why they remade that
Right?
Yeah
Because the first one was like a hundred years ago
William Holden, Lee Grant
Jonathan Scott Taylor
Omen 2
And what about Omen 3?
Oh I gotta find that one
Elizabeth Shepard?
What?
Elizabeth Shepard was in the second one?
Who'd act?
I don't know but she had a picture so I figured you might know her
And who else?
Oh I just switched looking for Omen 3 now
Oh
You know make up your mind
The final conflict Omen 3
You know with M Neal?
Oh stand near, I'm like he's not a bad actor
Rosanna Rosanna?
No, R-O-S-S-A-N-O
Rosanna Rosy?
R-O-S-A-N-O
R-O-S-A-N-O
R-O-S-A-N-O
Actually no that was a guy because they names the Carlo
Don Gordon, Lee Santero
I'm reading you who's in the third one
I don't wanna hear anymore, okay
And a sandwich with my name of any note
I've never heard of anybody ever heard of the other people
Santero I think was in that movie where they were out on a boat
Yeah
And he like trying to rape the wife
I can't think of any of that movie
I know you saw it, we both saw it on cable was really good
Was that Sanneal?
He played the evil doer
I'm trying to think of the movie
You don't know the one I'm talking about?
I got a picture in my head
30 deeds?
What was it?
30 deeds
30 deeds is a...
30 deeds my ass
I bet it is
30 deeds
It is not!
Oh you're asses
Look up Sanneal, maybe he has a little look at now
The consumer spending slump and tightening credit markets
They're trilling away if a bankruptcies American retailing
Within suing store closures expected to be made suburban malls and downtown shopping districts
All across the country writes Michael Barbero for the times
A lot of fees kind of that dead horse
Barbero
Barbero notes that over half of that
Now they got horses writing stories for the times
That's how bad that paper is gotten
Notes that over half of it doesn't store change the file for bankruptcy in recent months
And amidst mounting dead and plummeting sales
Wards that financial troubles are quickly spreading to bigger national companies
We got Sura's over here and George wants a big raise
He wants big big money
He wants seven figures
Now what is this thing you just sent me?
Did you send this?
Yeah
Pre-stuff
Pope-stuff
14,000 felonies
Rape's by 4,500 priest
The king pen comes to America and you ask me to write what a Vatican PR tells them
Shamedful medium manipulation, no kidding by K. Ebbling
Whoever she is
We'll get back to you K.
This is one time
She says if you're not specifically Googling Pope and especially Pope sex abuse this week
You probably won't hear a read much about the thousands of felonies committed by pedophiles
And other sexual predators operating as priest in the American Catholic Church the last 50 years
In its complete coverage of the papal press event
The New York Times does have an article about Catholic school enrollment being half-order-wise in the 50s
Which after read between the lines to say thank you thank God that Catholic parents are getting their children out of danger
Don't expect mainstream media to do much more than respond to press releases
And for that I'm grateful to VOTF and SNAP
In fact the stream of demands from advocates in the past week may have caused the ponder to changes upcoming speeches
To release ignobs of crimes, crimes like these
Sodomy with children
Men grabbed off a boy's enforced oral sex on them before going out to serve man's regularly
Offer worry rate before mag shows up over and over again in the documents of the come out so far
In one LA coastal town the church had a carnival every Saturday plus catechism class
And a network of pedophile priest picked children up from the carnival rides and forced them in nearby rooms to have sex
On church property when the children were supposed to be learning church doctrine while they were
Instead the children developing their gag response
Children sexualized before age 10 while staring at the stained glass windows and statues of saints to take their minds off the horror
On Saturday Yahoo reported Cardinal Tarchici over Tony, the Pope's second command, said the church had already responded with great dignity of the situation
And added that the clamor created the U.S. around the scandal is really unbearable
On Sunday morning word is quoted Fox News saying where Tony seems to have changed his tone
The Pope will talk about it in a specific way he says
But when you go to the actual front pages of mainstream press as usual
Thousands of felonies aided in the bed in the Catholic church are barely mentioned and only then is an upsetting dollar figure
The New York Times refers to the thousands of felonies in its page once on the apis as the sex abuse scandals that rack the church and not causing it millions of dollars in legal fees and settlements with victims
That's a factual error in the New York Times what was once the official record
The Times itself reported $1.6 billion last week
Today ap says it's too big in the churches paid out in settlements
Nobody knows how much more the Vatican is paid out to PR consultants and the leasons and law firms attach to each case
Once again, it's all about the money
Nobody mentions the hundreds of thousands of persons whose lives were damaged by predator priests
Even the Times used to the word scandal and plies element of gossip like something bad happened and the media turned into something worse
The mainstream media reported today a little more than read press releases make a few phone calls for quotes to file their stories
They're understaffed in corporate owned news organizations
If you want real reporting you have to turn to places like City of Angels blog
Happily becoming City of Angels never see in with what casting of videos
Then there's more to this but only we didn't get it right
It's all came through
Follows into it to the end more than enough
Oh it's all over now a Pope says it's never going to happen again and you can press the holy father
The biggest name
The best talent he ever has in the world is 4.2562 am
The fourth leader
In the 50s Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best
Now this great series is back starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best
Step into the confession or believe
I don't know father this makes to 47th time I've been in there this week
Oh Billy I wanted to be a good Catholic don't you?
Yeah but does everybody get a shrinking?
Father knows best it's the Vatican's best kept secret
And you've got a private see for all the fun just enter the rectory from the reader
Alright Billy boy it's time for your flute lesson
But father your flute has only one hole and it doesn't make any noise
Oh it will Billy it will
Father knows best once you've seen this new sitcom you'll wonder why you've never heard about it
Let me introduce you to Saint Peter
Father knows best going to church may not seem very entertaining
But there really is something funny going on here
Oh yeah just a panic it's a real laugh right let me tell you that
Swirly thinks it's a real laugh right you know how the um
The candidates never talk about such a
What could be a bad idea what crap
What's the the epitaphile free stuff
Oh no
They need their vote
You want to piss out the religion is to even know bomb of me
Oh may those comments are right away oh geez he's knocking religion
Rain Dow says eggheads and cheeseballs
She says I'm not bitter I'm not writing this is because I grew up in a house with a gun
A strong Catholic faith and immigrant father
Brothers with anti illegal immigrants sentiments and a passion for bowling
My bowling trophy was one of my most cherished possessions
My family more from the Kennedy Democrats into Reagan Republicans
Not because they were angry but because they felt more comfortable with conservative values
Members of my fans sometimes were overly cloistered
But they weren't bitter they were bonding
They went to church every Sunday because it was part of their identity
Not because they needed a security blanket
Behind closed doors in San Francisco
Aledisms epicenter Barack Obama showed his Eledism
Attributing the emotional spiritual and cultural values of
Working class lunchpile pensions to economic woes
The last few weeks have been kind of a Hillary but the endless end game hasn't been kind of the Wonder Boy either
Obama comes across less like a candidate in Pennsylvania than an anthropologist in Borneo
His mother got her PhD anthropologist and in the culture of Indonesia
And as Obama has quoted white blue collar voters in dear Hunter and Rocky country
He's often appeared to be observing the odd habits of the colorful locals
Resisting as the natives tried to fatten him up like a froid-graguce
Sampling Pennsylvania beer and sports bar with her the tight awkwardly accepting bowling shoes
And from Bob Casey, examining the cheese and salami of the tent and market here is intriguing ethnic artifacts
Purchasing Uts cheese balls at shop right in eastern Noraton
And quizzing the women working in a chocolate factory about whether they could possibly really like the sugary due to ads
He hasn't pulled a John Kerryness for a fully-takes cheese steak with Swiss yet
But he has maintained a regal what did the simple folk do to help them escape when they're bluebearing
Unable to even feign mainstream cred
But Hillary did when she built it on a shot at Cremoral Whiskey with Vesto at Broncos and Crempoint in Diana
Just as he couldn't knock down the bowling pins, he can't knock down Andy Oakley or the girl in the race as her husband called her Tuesday
The self-style blue collar heroine reluctantly revealed $100 million fortune partially built on Bill Shady connections
Even when Hillary's campaign collapsed around her and her husband managed to revive the bullets over Bosnia
Obama has still not been able to marshal a knockout blow or even come up with a knockout economic speech
That could expand his basis of port
Even as Hillary grows weaker her reputation for ferocity grows stronger
A young woman in the audience of the taping of the culvert reported penthouse denied as Stephen Culver during a warm-up
Are you more afraid of bears or Hillary Clinton?
Even though Democratic elders worry that the two candidates will terminally bloody each other
They seem to be lighting their own autos d'affet, whatever that means
I have no idea what that is
Nope
Neither
At max points when Hillary fights like a cornered raccoon, Obama retreats into law professor mode
The elitism that Americans dislike is not about family money or connections
JFK&W had never been elected without them
In the scubaugh movie genre that started during the last depression there was a great tradition of the millionaire
Who was cool enough to relate to the common man
Like Carrie Grant, CK Dexter, Haven, and the Philadelphia story
What turns off voters is the detached egghead quality
They tend to equate with limpiness, wordiness, and lack of action
The same quality that cut the professional and superior Adley Stevenson mocked by critics' adelaide
The new attack line for Obama rivals has been gone from JFK to New Caucus
Just as New Caucus said it about Belgian end-ive, Obama said it about whole foods, arugula, and Iowa
Obama didn't grow up in constant circumstances
Now when is the last time we've seen a president of the U.S. who just paid off his loan that?
Michelle Obama asked Tuesday in Heberford College, referring to Barack's student loans
While speaking in the shadow of the mansions, depicted in the Philadelphia story
But his exclusive Hawaiian prep school, and years in the Ivy League, made a matured a member of the elite
Along with the academic experts he loved to have in the room
As Colbert pointed out, the other wonky Ivy League lawyer in the primary just knows how to condescend better
Michelle did her best on the Colbert Report Tuesday to shoe away from the aroma of elitism
Growing up she said we had four spoons and then my father got arrested the plant and we got five spoons
That's what Marine, the Marine, besides using all his words we don't know
She seems to be flitting around, taking turns, taking shots, it's swallowing, taking shots at Obama
Taking a lot of shots, just like the ones that swallowing is drinking, drinking, dressing down
What's to do with a toilet and eleven votes?
Two eleven, we got it, so we got a thousand
Let's hear it! Let's go on Neil, bailing Chris out again
Well thank you very much
Because we changed the poll and of course because George Gustaf had that queen thing, that pretty mercury thing
George always goose in a queen
Not always, so I'm so fish I'm going to Woodbine this afternoon, you excited?
I'm thrilled
Very
Well maybe I want a whole bunch of money and send you some
Nah, or not, right
Well why should I send you a bunch of money?
I give up, why?
Why?
I didn't expect you to, I didn't ask you to, I didn't think you would
Then it sounded like he was second around for some of my Woodbine winnings, Chris?
Oh yeah, totally not
Just relax, you're so damn easy, it's just, say
Okay, whatever you say
And it's really sad the way I pick on you, knowing that you're, you know, down and out
Well not out yet, but getting clear
Yeah, yeah, we'll see
Getting close, he's hanging on
But once he has that big meeting with Jolly Joe
Right
I don't know why you make the light of that, I think that's the light of anything you are
I think it can only be a positive
Got the positive
The casual to back you up, you got all those appearances to back you up
You got Chris there to back you up
And with the money they're paying him, they ought to be paying you a reasonable living salary
Because he sure ain't getting no more
Make sure you mention that to Jolly Joe, the Chris is overpaid
I will
Overpaid?
Hmm
It's like I think of some of the case that you need to feed your starving family
That's right
That's right Chris, I just got one thing to tell George Wayne how's that meeting
Oh I think it's worth it
It's what George said before
I think that only is
Yeah
Court a lot of balls
Say what?
Where where did that come from?
I don't know
Like to somebody in my voice there
No, seriously where did the mo come where?
I don't know, maybe it was auto started in here from yesterday I don't know
I think I heard 506 right up
And that is it
560
Oh he's back on the ear somewhere, I read that, where did I read that?
He's got one of those 10 Mods stations you know that I'll call WFTL
But Crow is back, let's hear it
Were you aware of that?
No, no
Does anybody care?
He and his following Greg read like them
But then again Greg read like anybody who ever wore a jog strap or a sniffing
Exactly, well Greg was busy sniffing him in the screw-in
Well she was doing more than just sniffing
George will be a public and starts house on proper pleasure of a leads and technique
These are the kind of Yehu rednecks man that have made America what it is today and I'm not proud to say it
A freshman Georgia Republican wanted to stress the importance and divine oversight of the U.S. as he sought portrayed in the Pledge of Allegiance
Leading the Pledge in the House floor Monday represented the Paul Brown
Lectured others in the chamber about the correct way of saying the Pledge
There should not be a comma between one nation and under God brown told his colleagues before beginning his rendition of a pause-free Pledge
It may seem a minor issue but some of our give it saying the Pledge as Brown prefers and as it was written when under God was inserted in 1954
implies a field to religion that is inappropriate in the U.S. that's correct
A lot of comma the phrase indicates that the central characteristic of the U.S. as a political community is in its subordination to God
Road history professor Matthew Dennis after the Supreme Court rejected an intent to strike under God as unconstitutional
In short the political community is defined by its religious charge a Pledge that states this becomes in the words of the Ninth Circuit
In permissible government endorsement of religion functioning to enforce a religious orthodoxy of monotheism
The Pledge had no reference to the enneil until 1954 when Cold War fevers its inclusion to separate Americans from those godless Communists
The Supreme Court dismissed the case arguing that the phrase violated first amendment guarantees a freedom of religion because the plate had no standing to argue the case
Not because of any inherent legal justification for the phrase
A Brown spokesman even said there should be no pause to emphasize there is no separation or implied separation between nation and God
So his house floor lesson may be more than just a pension for details
As the Marine Cleary's had to face a lot more difficult challenges than instructing members of Congress on the property of saying the Pledge of Allegiance
spokesman John Kennedy to a role calls heard on the Hill column there was in fact no comment that section
So correctly it said one nation under God no separation or implied separation between nation and God
One nation under God
A first term lawmaker from Northeastern corner of Joe Jan or Rio de A who probably from Aintree
Brown's House floor admonition was not his only attempt once he had got further into American life
Last November he supported a resolution honoring a group promoting the Ten Commandments
I commend the Ten Commandments Commission for the efforts to remind Americans that we are in fact one nation under God
He said at the time of course he was referring to...
AL GOD
The biggest name to the UN now
It was no politics
Forty-of-five sixty-two AM
The sports leader
It's a republic baby only a Miami
People are skeptical of my statements about my trip to Bosnia
Perhaps you're skeptical because the media found out it wasn't in the least bit true
But I maintain it was a terrifying trip during the flight
Sinbad took off his shoes
The Inflite movie was just big-a-low male jiggle-o
My press secretary fell asleep on my shoulder and drooled on me
There was a crying baby and they ran out of lines
So as you can see I truly am the crisis ready candidate
Oh my God was a cyber fire!
I'm gonna put the deck in coming!
That was just a flash bulb Mrs. Clinton
Oh!
You see I cackle in the face of danger
One thirty-one and five sixty WQIM
We got jerks coming up into this afternoon
It's been through in a lot of F's and MF's and stuff like that
They may have missed when we hate how little we were there
What?
I'll listen for that
Yeah, there you go
Then we don't have to worry about taking an office pool on when his line show is gonna be
Look, it's still do that
No, that's bad. That would be better
It would be like dancing on somebody's grave
It's not their grave if they're not doing that
How come these people are sending me all these pedophile pre-stories
While the holy father is in Washington
I don't think that's why
That's bad. There he is in the pope. We'll be looking at that
Is it the White House?
Oh my God, Washington welcomes the papa
Hey, my papa
Okay, remember actually, oh that's the end of that boy
I was quick and to the point. Thank God
Frustration continues for the alleged victims of accused pedophile priest Reverend John Xanter
Xanter was back in a Worcester Mass courtroom on Friday
A judge says he needs more time to decide if Xanter is competent to stand trial
Although it says here to stand trails
Sitting in a wheelchair Reverend John Xanter appeared in Worcester District Court
The former priest in a Worcester diocese is accused of anal raping of two Worcester altar boys in the 1980s
At Frustration's competency hearing the question was whether or not Xanter is competent to stand trial
His lawyer argued his client is incapable of it
His brother Paul was called in as a witness
He said his brother is suffering physically and mentally in capable of comprehending basic questions
The prosecution pushed for a judge Richard Dony to review Xanter made to a doctor during medical evaluation
It says Xanter gave correct answers when a doctor asked him to remember his past dating Bollywood back to his childhood
One of the alleged victims, Michael Chancinus, was in the courtroom
He's been waiting for Xanter to stand trial since charges were brought against the former priest five years ago
I don't know who to believe or who not to believe all I can do is keep showing up and open to justice will have her ways
Said this priest raked me many times
He would tell me that this was how a good altar boy was to behave and that my place when heaven was secure
The things that this man made me do in the name of the Lord still makes me sick to this day he'd be saying
In the name of the Lord in the name of the God that's right
So yes they are routed up date for it
Oh oh oh
We can buy it with the company meaning buy it have it shipped to us and then ship it to you which will take about five days
If you don't want to go out and just buy it yourself
Yeah they'll do that
Order it and then ship it to you
But if it's like only 50 or 60 or 70 bucks I mean for a decent one what what what's the big one
You don't want to get one
Why? Just let you know what was said
I think I should just go out and get my own
Right on
Tell them I'm going to get my own like I get everything else my own
I'll do it
Or I can go on my own and get a chip and have it here one day
Right
But Tom thanks anyway that was very wide of them okay
That was a good way
Okay
Considering the stuff that did it I'll tell them
Well he's a good guy and he's a good guy
I never meant him tonight
He's off white
Is he off white? Yeah
He's got plenty of artisans he's a very good guy
What do you mean like plenty of artisans he's not going to start
Yeah yeah he can start
224 votes on the pool the best male singer of all time
Now let me take a look the first time we did this
And it's a long time ago
We haven't done these music pools in a long time
In a raccoon's age
I can't find it
Let's take that yeah let's because I got these Charlie B pool such as they are
Charlie quick give me lectures on my life okay Charlie
Just send the polls and shut up
Or not you know or just go away
Some of these people get so impudent you know what I mean by that?
Yep
Impudent
Oh I'm part of the show so I'm going to tell Neil how to negotiate
And what to do and get get the artisans back oh here we go here it is
Favorite male singer of all time
How many votes do we have Chris?
Right now we have uh
I mean the right time
Oh I mean the right time
1026
Wow
Wow what?
And that's years ago so the fact that you of course it could have been a weekend pool probably you know
I don't know
Pro number 264 I don't know if Eric has a way of knowing what the dates are I know
264
He does know
He can't know he can find out
All right well he'll check it out
The best male singer of all time is and so far in this one we got 224
But this was the new pool today just to goose Chris total up over a thousand to make him feel better
Well thank you very much
Well because you've been a little bit depressed like especially yesterday you weren't here
You out in the hotel press this is Zach really lets you down bad
That's because Zach is he's lost it you know
What I mean he has three hours to make all kinds of executive decisions last week and now this week
He's like a paper tiger because Joe is so beast intensive now that it's just nauseating
The beast and I were a windbag and Ira and the beast and that's like Jimmy and Danny all over again
The best male singer is Freddie Mercury 43 George Gustat up big time
He Gustat all queen
Well he was just hanging there below all this and he'd be hanging there and so George Gustat
Frank's an after 20 now what kind of candy should I give before I get another cab to go to the
Nothing why not because it's bad for you how about score how about a zero bar like zero
How about a couple of score bars all right what all right what now what do you say it like that
You got to die up there
I'll die somewhere but not until I'm through with my last contract I'll tell you that
I'm here I'm good you'll 2013 to the end of it February 22nd 2001
I was going to die so over seven years ago so people would say oh well you know I keep repeating the same old polls
Well at least we're not doing a hamburger one every day for like eight months
Now I want somebody to compile for us a list of all the places that took you head on there for the best burger in time
Or they can do our own for that matter what all we need his crap for you know his stale crap
Freddie Mercury 43 now how did he do the first time he came in third
behind just engine out Jim Morrison I think Jim Morrison is taking a getting a shaft on the second first
What the first time around to one and got second Roy Robinson 147 Elvis 141 Freddie 110 Jim Morrison 100
All right first thing was the 100 or more what Freddie's gonna win at this time now look at Jim Mori where the hell is he he's only got six votes
Jim Morrison come on people claim that he's got the greatest voice of all time it is soothing warm and soothing buttery
Yeah is that how you would describe it buttery rider is on the storm he was great I like Jim Morrison a lot
Miami they didn't like him now because he was like you know doing stuff in his pants
The best male singer of all time is Freddie Mercury 45 Frank Sinatra 28 Elvis Presley 23 Roy the boy 21 Marvin gain 19
Marvin's moving up on the hip parade Paul McCartney 11 Michael Jackson 9 Elton Johnny Burton Cummings Guess Who 7
Great voice great singer great music and a real jackass John Lennon 7 Jim Morrison 6 Billy Joel 6
Johnny Mathis 5 Paul Simon 5 Luis Miguel 5 that's my vote Robert Plant 4 Steven Tyler 4 I'm rich as a part of the info for him
No I should have wanted too many good ones on here Jay black 4 Bob Seager 4 come on Rod Stewart 4
Get E. Lee 2 for second earth that's a guilty yeah Gellie's got the lead Gellie Lee Rick Nelson 2 come on Ronnie James Dio who's that from Dio and black Sabbath
Oh one David Bowie 1 BJ Thomas 1 who is that who is what BJ Thomas rain drops keep on on my hook okay
Neil Sannaka 1 Jean Pintley 1 and none yet for Neil Young Dion or the fat man Antoine Fats Donald
That's his name some best effort is great
I'm not just 4.5 to 6.2 am the sports leader I get in and hold it right is it the pump and upwards in some local areas they've officially reached record highs this morning
And no question about it it's really starting to take a financial toll on drivers
Boy back when in six is heaven we have another dude boy this must be serious
She calls the fuel at the pump was designed to walk out the beaver oh it's gorgeous oh that's great sounds nice too
Now I can't afford it it's really killing me I will never be able to afford my living
Jackson that's in here
I can't afford you I can't believe my eyes 490
490 you're dead I can't feel the pedal
I won't try anymore till the price is small I think where I guess they can't afford to pay for it
There's nothing you can do about it
So if there's anybody who thinks I'm bringing one of my Corvette so period it's now over five bucks ago and for regular here now
So by the way update yes you buy that router fill out an expense report company reimbursees you how's that
And what about the 180 bucks I spent on this backup power supply
Well I did not ask about that obviously
No I don't I don't listen I don't need it okay okay people are starving all right I don't know I can handle my own studio here
This year starting next year different story
Facts paper um facts machines anything it needs for this studio they won't be getting expense on next year
I'll make sure you got lots of those sheets that's right give me lots of sheet oh there's Tiger Woods
He's not only for a month after surgery oh my god how are we gonna survive without the Tiger the Tiger
You people are all wrapped up with the Tiger and with golf man you desperately desperately I have no life need to see Dr. Jack Aworkin
Lifeless oh and even got Dr. Sanjay Gupta here must be really important
Apparently was causing him pain oh he's getting pain the Tiger he's got that hot blonde wife he's got millions and millions and millions of dollars for playing golf
Then I make you want to vomit yeah mix me nauseous
Global hot spots of hunger set to explode as food prices continue to escalate worldwide some of the
First nations in developing world are in danger of social and political upheavals
The unrest which is like the desperate in early 40 countries has been triggered largely by sharp increase in the prices of staple commodities including weed,
rice, sorghum, maize and soybeans according to the wind I don't even know what sorghum is it's a thing
Oh I seen a few of those it's like a wheat to grain following last week's food riots in Haiti
Which spend the lives of four people what happened they ran out of mud?
That's gonna stay Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has appeared at the international donors for urgent assistance
Some of the poorest countries in the Caribbean take the money that you would buy for a sped on the router and send it to Haiti to feed some starving
Shluppers a meeting of the world's finance ministries of Washington over the weekend warned that rising food prices were more of a threat of
Political and social stability than the current crisis in global capital markets the food and agriculture organization the FAAO
A single-out six countries with an exceptional shortfall and aggregate food production and supplies
The South O which I never heard of Somalia, Swaziland, Zimbabwe, Iraq and Moldova
Moldova
Where the hell are those places Moldova? Moldova
That's what happened a mosehead at Moldova
An additional six countries with widespread lack of access to food and food, Eritrea, Liberia, Mauritania, Sierra Leone and Afghanistan, North Korea
Sierra Leone
Was that a movie with John Wayne?
I don't know
Here's the facts, Neil listen to your tech guy, it's better to pay a little more, get the better router
What does that mean?
Oh, in other words listen to Eric
Is Eric our tech guy?
Eric is our, he's our asin that like they say in America are asa, phew, ass
I assume that he's telling you to buy the D-Link gaming router which is designed for gamers who need a low latency
And is very good, well what does that mean? Gamers?
Like people who play computer games I imagine is what they're talking about
No, I don't play no computer games, I don't gamble online
Never the last keep reading
And it is a very good router, if you're using it for phone calls you may notice a verse like the life I'm going to call a speech when you hear it
And the other way around if you're using a cheaper higher latency router, well I don't need that, I need a better one
Right
Also perhaps more appropriate term would be shrillery instead of swillery
Well that's not bad, sure, I like that
Shrillery, I'll just say swillery, look at that 68 on Thursday and 68 on Friday
Holy cow man, spring is strong, the sun is shining, it's beautiful
You wouldn't believe it
You believe it?
I believe it
Oh, see just to be contrary, I told you wouldn't believe it, I believe it
It's already 17, it's 63
Do you have any idea how long and miserable and rotten this winter was here?
It was the only time since I've been here that winter was it was unacceptable
I'm protesting to Don No, even though we ain't there no more
No
Let's see, how about George Michael from Wham?
Do you want to miss Michael?
Is he a singer of all time?
What we can put around here?
And why does it say George Michael from Wham?
Wasn't George Michael a solo much much much much like now?
Longer than he was with Wayne with that to his boyfriend?
Wake me up before you go-gos
Uh-huh
God, what a horrendous, what a gay song
Yeah, what do you expect from a gay guy?
A lot of John doesn't do gay songs, I mean, although he did give all that money to Shrillery
I'm not real pleased about that, but you know it's free country, you can do whatever he wants
But all his big bucks, go give it to Shrillery
Like I said, it's a fag-hag thing, you know she's probably a big fan
In fact maybe they hang out in the same clubs
Is that Miss Michael?
Of course
Why don't you play something good? He did have a couple of good songs
They were
That ain't one
This is a big hit
We're gonna have Chris and got a thousand and fifty eight votes over here
Yeah, that ain't one of that crap people
Sounds like he- sounds like this time he's actually using a traffic
Markey
Horrible
But there was Andrew it's the two, I couldn't help myself he looks so good
After all that removes with me, cold kid man, and Tom Cruiseball eyed
Glad we were sexually missed for him
Oh, but I heard them both say, George Mike goes gone man
We were never naked with that guy on, that's a costly shame
Yeah, wanna have sex son
I gotta have sex son
Yeah, I gotta have sex, a sex, a sex son
I gotta have sex, a sex, a sex son
What's the biggest name to the best talent?
His new project, 4.25.60.QAM
The fourth leader
It's day-out
If I have a town
So go, go, go, go, go, go, have five, six, oh
WQA
WQA
Back in the day when someone was wrong
We didn't take their crap
In Pearl Harbor, when the Japs dropped their bombs
We bombed them bad
And now the Saudis, they hit us hard
And on our cards our little flags wave
Has that Saudi-loving, retired voice of bombers to runway
And oven barris to be in America
Where they follow those like cheese
The United States of Americans
And by push and its family
We they grab this country
Happening for the largest days in our history
I don't want to be a tax-american
In the USA
I'm fine over here
You're fairing
What's a few thousand innocent lives
Stop living in the past
If you want that SUV to drive
You're gonna need more gas
It's the greatest country in the world
They train us to believe
And anyone who says that
Obviously
And the four to be
The solution and oven barris to be in America
Where we take triad of Italy
We but flagging what happened
With our head in the sand
And lightly follow the powers that he have pathetic
Watching state from news on a 65 in screen
Scratcher, 5, everything's okay
Okay in the USA
Bye bye bye
The biggest names of this calendar
And you're home for Miami Dozens with gold
Sports radio 560 WQAM
Miami, God Lonerdale
You know they got to like that, yeah look
