The music's pressed on the previous program.
And Tubby is still with us!
In collars, and you not reflect those of the busily broadcast great
and deaf advertisers or agencies.
Real.
The biggest names of best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560WQAM.
I am a master of music and love.
The doll.
Jesus, God!
Wow!
Wow!
Oh!
Wait for your phone!
Oh, what are you?
Jesus, what are you talking about?
Man, man, man, man!
560WQAM presents the Neil Roger Yo.
To talk to Neil, dial 56050560 in day and brower.
In other counties, call toll free 87775 Neil.
Or pound 560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his colleagues, do not represent those of
the WQAM management staff or sponsors.
Now the Neil Roger Yo.
I like what's the best.
I'm in 560WQAM.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
I don't want to get a block, go to bitch, hair cut, man.
With that look, man.
Anyone who wants a block, go to bitch, hair cut.
Okay, certified,ably mad.
Is it real or hell on with glue?
Does the color change with lip-rich glue?
With just enough dupity to gel that?
You could look just like every nail sun.
Who the hell with one a block, go to bitch, hair cut straight, or buy or die?
That's broken, more on this insane.
Total total.
10156WQAM.
Happy Wednesday, December 17.
It's eight days before Christmas, four days before Chanukah, nine days before Boxing Day,
two weeks before New Year's Day, and...
Get it over with already.
God.
So the spy report I had is that the traffic is just insane there.
Insane.
Yeah.
Crazy or unusual.
Because everybody's schlepping, you know.
They're all schlepping here and schlepping there because they're told that this is what they've got to do.
You've got to do it.
You've got to got to do it.
Mm-hmm.
As Zach would say.
Boy, he sure ruined that Joe Rocho, you know, with all those bad guests.
Why you blame it?
Why you blame it him?
He's the one that books the guests.
Yeah, but you think he's booking guests that they don't want booked?
Either him or his clearance or Joe.
You know, you don't think they talk, but...
Yes.
No.
Makes executive decisions.
All right.
It's just a joke.
Jesus, both of you are such a bunch of a couple of panty-waists.
What?
We got the big ol' at two.
Rock solid.
Oh, yeah.
Four to seven today.
We got Curtis for the Mad Dog.
He didn't want to do too many days.
Let's see.
DA is on tomorrow.
Who's on on Friday afternoon?
Friday.
Curtis.
So you've heard all the Mad Dog you're going to hear for this week.
Oh, boy.
Four to seven to seven.
I have no Curtis.
Doffin at the night, seven to eight.
And then it's what?
Oh, DA at pure platinum.
How do you like that?
This guy's got a point.
Oh.
Share and you're like, send me a slap in him around.
That's your friends in the salesman.
That's your friend Lee, by the way.
I'm sure he had his fine fist in it.
Sure.
Anyway, here.
We're going to switch to Pullman.
When we get to a thousand only if Eric's working on that other pull right now, poor Eric.
Don't be picking on him yet to work his brains out to get our email thing work in this morning.
Not that there's many coming in, but there just might be Neil at Neil Rogers dot com.
That's right for your wonderful emails.
And by the way, if you've been blocked and deleted everything, don't waste your time sending more crap because as soon as I see the email address, it just gets blocked and it gets blocked anyway.
But I just re block it and it's a story.
What?
They still won't stop because they're obsessive.
They're sick.
Sick.
Sick.
Oh, wait a minute, Kenny Gramer.
Oh, here you go for Chris.
For fact, Chris bored up FM programming.
Job duties and responsibilities skills required.
The audio audience.
Who's this?
Candidates who meet the above requirement should send a resume to Victor Lambert.
And it's got an email address and no phone calls, please send resume.
And yeah, it doesn't say what the station this is for.
At least one year or a criminal experiences bored up at a radio station.
Computer literacy is a plus.
Quanto pesos.
It doesn't say son of a no pesos.
It doesn't say what station doesn't say anything.
What city?
Here, I guess I don't know.
It's not it's not worth sending along.
Kenny, you could do better than that.
And there's one other email in here already.
Hard Rock has record $424,694 payout.
A 79 year old man from Coral Springs won that on the Schloss at Hard Rock December 12th.
The highest payout ever there.
This is in the Coral Springs.
It's not really in Coral.
Oh, he's from Coral Springs.
I'm assuming, yeah, coconut creek.
Tampa Hard Rock 2 weeks ago paid out $2.5 million.
Jackpot to a slots player and seminal coke on a creek had three.
Oh, this is the hard rock in Hollywood.
The machine is an area wide.
A quarter millions two cent slot machine.
The guy played 125 credit maximum bet.
Always play the maximum.
Okay.
The maximum bet must be played to win the progressive award.
On Saturday at the Hard Rock, a 42 year old woman from Lake Worthwam 200 grand.
On a double double bonus poker Vegas style poker machine.
She played the maximum bet and won with four races.
Both players declined to be identified.
The quarter millions were the guy one for 24.
It's an area wide progressive slot.
Meaning it's linked to other India casinos throughout the US.
Seminal Hard Rock hotel casino was the first one in Florida to install area wide area progressive slot machines.
April 2008 casinos in Broward per mutual.
They have link for aggressive meaning they're linked to each other, but only in the one casino.
Do you understand that?
Nope.
I do.
That's because that's my area of expertise, man.
I know my slots.
I know my dollar slots, my five dollar slots, and my quarter slots.
Oh, well, it's going to be a long time between now and New Year.
Can we get it over with snappy fingers and make it go away?
Didn't work you long.
So anyway, Kenny Graham resents something else a little bit more or worth a while than a piece of crap job opportunity.
That didn't say a station or a amount of money or anything.
Are you not going to leave us?
Are you?
Just because they're putting you down like four hours a week?
Oh, yeah, no, totally.
Yeah, I know.
Loyalty.
That's what it's all about.
Not money.
Loyalty.
Loyalty only gets you so far.
Well, when your bills come in just right back and say, I'm very loyal to you guys.
We'll do.
How about I spend some to the station?
Why?
I'll just expense them to the station.
Yeah, like I said, but I snow in here.
Kenny Graemer who is a radio groupie from back in our IOD days.
I don't remember who he is.
I try to remind you he had a bit or two in the DCS over here.
More or less courtless since he had all his one of them that I read.
He was a he kind of long curly blondish strawberry blonde hair usually in a ponytail.
Really?
Yeah.
You wouldn't have liked him.
There's a lot of ugly people I like.
What does that mean?
You wouldn't have found him attractive.
No.
So what does that have to do with anything?
Nothing.
I'm just that's a description.
Anyway, he writes good morning.
Neil, I heard you read the email from the fake Phil Henry yesterday saying I was behind some of the fake emails.
Although it's true that I'm a big Neely.
I'm not a fake email or a chronic caller.
I bet Marvin Rawman and many Munoz are behind the insider emails.
The delusional many Munoz.
Another former listener turned radio hotshot.
Have you heard anything else regarding WIOD going to the FM dial?
No, nobody seems Tom Jekka, the real one and even the fake one.
Nobody seems to have the real positive spin on that, the real poop.
Remember the rumors in 95 when we all thought Cox was going to put WIOD on FM?
Too bad that didn't happen.
The line of the work in Susney or Rogers Phil Henry on FM would have killed.
I really enjoyed the show lately.
I'm a fan of the fake emails and inside radio talk.
Keep it up on the show too, regards Kenny.
Thanks Kenny.
Marvin Rawman, which you defend because that's your buddy.
Whatever you say, that's your partner in crime.
Whatever you say.
I don't know how you can defend him.
He's such a schlub.
It's not him.
It's not like him.
No, that's right.
It requires too much effort to send the fake emails.
He might be a lot of things but an overgrown child ain't one of them.
An overgrown child?
Yeah.
92 on the pool.
Oh, this pool from yesterday.
I've got a headache still from it.
It showed how many stupid people there are.
How about the pool question is which is the best song written about an American city?
We had Alabama, Indiana, Colorado.
I was just just enough to make you cry.
Okay, I'm printing it out and I'm changing the pool right now.
Tubby, what do you think?
Okay.
Do we have your...
Sounds good.
I don't really give a crap whether we do or not.
The new pool, where do you expect to be in your life a year from now at the end of 2009?
I'm going to write wishing I was dead.
That's a good one.
Or just dead.
No, I'll be here.
I'll be around the Lord works in mysterious ways.
That's part of his punishment to me is making sure I live a long, long time.
And I'm as miserable as all those chronic e-mailers say,
oh, if you would just do this and if you would do that and if you would live your life the way we tell you to live it
and do the show the way we tell you to do it and the white beer ass the way we tell you to wipe it and on and on and on.
Critiques and...
Complaints.
Complaints and critiques.
Critiques and complaints.
Kind of like Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny.
Yep.
Which is the best song ever written about in American City.
If I start reading these now it'll take us till midnight.
Those little town blues, New York, New York, 142.
New York State of mind, 69.
I left my heart and sand for the...
Ranges, ranges, ranges one last night.
Big deal. So did the Leafs, big deal.
I left my heart and sand for Francisco, 69.
LA Woman, 48.
Viva Las Vegas, 48.
City of New Orleans, 42.
Miami Will Smith, 41.
God, I hate him.
Detroit Rock City, 40.
Allentown, 33.
Chicago is my kind of town, 33.
That's what Blackway of it says.
Philadelphia Freedom, 32.
Should have been number one.
Buy a mile.
They just don't like Elton.
Dale God.
Elton.
Gay.
John.
Sweet Home Chicago, 25.
New York, New York.
It's a hell of a town.
The Bronx is up in the batteries now, 24.
Cleveland, Iraq, 21.
Going back to Miami, 21.
El Paso, 19.
Late edition.
I told you that was pretty damn good.
Marty Robbins.
San Francisco by Scott McKenzie, 19.
Which is all I'm in, 19.
No sleep till Brooklyn, 17.
Walking in Memphis, 17.
You know the way to San Jose, 16.
If you get caught between the moon and New York City,
Arthur's team, 15.
Kansas City, 14.
Galveston, 14.
Cocomo, 11.
Walking to New Orleans, 11.
By the fat man, dirty water, 10.
Boston.
Hollywood nights, 9.
Do you know what it means to Mr. Orleans, 9?
Moonover Miami, 9.
Caca Moonover Miami.
To live in Dianna, 8.
Born in East L.A. 8.
Monterey, 7.
Last train to Clarkville, 7.
Bristol, 7.
New York, 7.
Streets of Philadelphia, 7.
Tallahassee, 16.
Five for each of these by the time it gets a Phoenix.
What made Milwaukee famous?
Amarillo by morning.
And Horace for Hollywood finally got five.
Wow.
City by the Bay 3, East Side, West Side, sidewalks in New York 3.
Youngstown 2, and Detroit City Blues got none.
And deservedly so.
Detroit, my ass, although Detroit Rock City got 40.
Detroit City Blues, boy.
There's one thing all you punk's out there,
one thing you make up your mind right now.
If you live to be 200, don't ever go anywhere near Detroit.
What's the biggest name?
The best house.
It was New Rogers.
Fort rate of 560 QAM.
The fourth leaf.
No portion of this program may be reproduced
without the express written permission of WQAM
Beesley Drive Test Group Inc.
Neon God.
And now a message from Oprah Winfrey.
Oh, hi.
I'm taking a break from telling you how to live your life
to enjoy this double-wapper with extra cheese.
Oh, that's just so good.
Oh, my God, onion rings.
I got to tell Barat to get onion rings in the wide house.
I would kill for some ducat donuts and maybe a pizza.
You know, if I keep eating like this,
I'll never fit on the cover of my magazine.
Hey, is that a pork chop?
This has been a message from Fat Oprah,
who is too busy eating to be a centimonyist bitch.
That was great.
And that was outstanding.
Right at the end there.
You like it?
I did.
First time we got to chuck a lot of George
from one of these vits in a long time.
Sure.
All right.
See what we got here.
Kenny Graemer came through for it though.
A.M. Board operated in department,
news radio 610 W.I.O.D. and 940 W.I.N.Z.,
job duties and responsibilities,
ability to operate audio control board,
telephone equipment for newscast,
local and network and call and talk shows.
Skills required.
Tuscany and ability to respond to demands of high maintenance
talk show hosts, as well as being able to multitask,
be a self-starter and be able to work weekends.
Good phone skills with tons of patients
and dealing with the general public.
Attention to detail is key for this channel.
This is a great job.
Experience required at least one year experience
as a board operator at a radio station.
Studio recording technicians are not needed for this job.
Knowledge of windows and profit systems,
cool edit is a major plus.
Education required.
High school, diploma in our equivalency.
Candidates who meet the above requirement said
rent has made a Ken Charles with an address,
phone number, fax number, women and minorities
encouraged to apply.
No phone calls, please.
Please note that these positions
became available intimately throughout the year.
Qualified candidates will be notified next time
one of these positions becomes available.
Or some other words, they got nothing right now,
but as soon as they can somebody's ass,
no one I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
That's it.
So there you go.
You got a great opportunity.
Do you believe me?
I got to see the crap that's coming in on here today.
It's going to be slim and grim.
And I'm not taking any calls until absolutely have to.
Oh, here you go.
How about Kentucky Rain by Elvis is big deal.
Oh, yeah.
I was getting like long after the show ended yesterday.
E-mails people wanting to ask.
Kentucky Rain.
I didn't think Kentucky was a city big deal.
You idiot.
Jesus God.
Oh, here's a new poll idea.
Words that should be banned from the English language effective
January 1st, 2009.
Sweet, dude, bro, brother, cool.
Yes, Uber anything, D bag.
Mm-hmm.
A lot of poll ideas.
Good poll.
Sean came through.
They was in poll ideas.
Isn't that great?
And that exciting?
Yes, it is.
Because they got nothing to say.
Because they're all busy shopping and dropping and having a nervous,
nervous dump.
Sorry.
You know me.
I'm mailin' it in anyway.
I'm just sitting here in my shorts.
Yeah.
Not the T-shirt on because it's sunny.
It looks really nice.
Snowboard about an inch over.
And I've been out.
It's all melting and going away.
Ah, that's good.
Let's get the weather for Cassanova.
If you're going to send us a fake email, by the way,
at least get the name right of the person that you're sending.
No, it's funny of that way.
Paul Cassanova.
Minus four Celsius.
What's that?
About 20, uh, five?
26, 25.
Sunny, though.
Boy, the sun is out there.
It is not a cloud in the sky.
It's that wintertime kind of, you know what I mean?
Ranges, ranges.
Okay, 39 votes on the new poll.
Where do you expect to be in your life a year from now at the end of 2009?
No different than my life now, 15.
In a new job, six.
Richard four.
Poor four.
Richard and poor.
Poor and richer.
Rich man, poor man.
Remember that?
Yep.
Overrated.
In a relationship with someone new, three.
Wishing I was dead too.
Out of work too.
Nullie married one.
Nullie divorced one.
Fatter around the middle of boulder around the top one.
Living in a cardboard box, none and dead, none yet.
Oh, there'll be some who'll say dead.
Especially that old goat.
Now, he's not honest enough to say he'll be dead.
49 votes now.
Wow.
One said dead must be him.
The old goat that calls in, you know.
Ranges, you son of a bitch, you miserable.
You know, a word that we don't hear much anymore.
Ten.
Louse.
You're right.
Louse.
I mean, like bastard and like that.
Ten.
You've lost.
Used to be years ago.
Louse, you dirty louse.
That was kind of a commonplace.
I guess it's old fashioned though.
Louse.
That's still like using those old fashioned words.
And I was thinking about this for a couple of minutes yesterday to show you how my life has degenerated.
Louse is the singular of lice.
Correct.
Because a louse is a pest and insect.
Right.
A louse.
Right.
But I never really, you never really think about lousin those terms.
I did.
Like you do.
Mm-hmm.
Might have been out of louse.
Yeah, all the time.
Well, the first time I've ever heard the insults.
The cab drivers here, the ones that got the turbines on way too tight, they probably have lots of louses.
Louse, I.
Yeah, loose.
What were you saying before interrupted?
That when I first heard that insult, you know, you got to find out, well, what does that mean?
What's a louse?
Oh, it's one lice.
One lice.
Like mouse and mice.
Louse and lice.
Very good.
Huh.
House and ice.
Christ.
Wow.
Jesus Christ.
I'm going to play a lot of bits in music today.
Christmas music and maybe Hanukkah music.
Play some old Mickey, what was his name?
Mickey Cohen bits.
Well, when I worked in Syracotta,
I wasn't Mickey Cohen.
That wasn't his name.
The Jewish comic.
Somebody will know.
And I had these old 78.
The Jewish comic.
Well, I mean, whatever his name was.
Mickey.
The narrow down a little bit.
They know who I'm talking about.
The real Jews know what I'm talking.
The real ones.
Not the fake ones who eat the fake.
Home in touch.
Oh, my God.
Every poem they crack out those nasty little hard rock things.
Jim Berks says, oh, you forgot.
Tony Orlando and Dawn.
All right.
Yeah, that's a song.
Tony Orlando and Dawn.
That's about Orlando.
Nelson Jr. Jr. with a poll.
Wait, I already checked that out.
No, I have a question for you.
Speaking since we had so much trouble with the sound of the
espresso before the show.
I have Charlie B with a bunch of polls.
I got Sean from Hollywood with a bunch of polls.
I got this one here, which isn't that bad from Nelson, Nelson.
But how, how can I store those so I can, I can email them to just
don't delete them or I don't want them in that.
Okay.
I don't want to.
There's a saved folder somewhere on the left there.
And if there's not, we can create one and you can put all your saved
emails in there.
Local folders.
I don't have anything for saved.
We'll make one.
I saw a big billboard for WIODS day and I 95 had just said 610 WIOD.
Nothing else.
Are they keeping the call letters?
How the hell do we know?
How the hell do we know about it?
We know.
Oh, we're supposed to know.
Don't you know?
Oh, by the way, what's your name?
I need to mark some other listen to the show so you better apologize for the
terrible things you said about her yesterday.
Oh, no.
You won't?
No.
55 votes on the poll.
And two people say at the end of 2009 they'll be dead.
And hopefully one of why I know who I wish there a couple of would be.
Oh, these chronics.
Oh, you're deleting me.
Big deal.
Oh, God, are you, if you just live your life the way I tell you into it,
if you'd listen to me.
Oh, God.
I never in my wildest dreams imagine there could be so many misfits.
I mean, I mean misfit is an understatement.
Right.
So many lifeless turds.
Yep.
God.
And obsessive.
And absolutely refusing to go away.
We hate you.
We're going to go and they still keep coming back.
Of course.
And over they'll never go away.
They'll like to cry on a call.
That's right.
They're the same people.
No.
Some of them are.
Well, you'll see Q.A.M. Hello.
Hola.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
What a schmuck.
Q.A.M.
He's got the phone deep inside his back.
You could hear the you could hear the jelly roll.
That was that was going to show you about the call.
It's being not the same necessarily as the email is, but WQA.M. Hello.
Hey, they're called to Rosio Sean and Anniel.
If I had a hacksaw, if I had one of those woodchippers like they had in Fargo,
him and a boyfriend, they'd be the first to.
And you think they're not emailing?
I'm your friend and his boyfriend.
And of course, quarter-slot guy.
Who's got PR out there too, quarter-slot guy.
How come you don't like the quarter-slot guy?
Because he's an idiot and he has nothing to say.
And he's got a very annoying voice.
Kind of like, although not that.
You don't have to.
4.60 Q.A.M.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog Jim Manditz.
Half the news.
4-7.
Sports radio 5.60 Q.A.M.
The sports leader.
Holy macken on.
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God.
They're unstable.
They're a crazy religious call.
You better sneak out.
You better just hide.
Get the car out and take a long drive.
Your in-laws are coming to town.
Oh my god.
They sleep where you were sleeping.
They show you where they ate.
Are the writers.
They whine if things are bad or good.
If you could, you'd make the break.
You better drink now.
You better get high.
If you're passed out, you might survive.
Your in-laws are coming to town.
Oh no!
Oh yes!
Your in-laws are coming to town.
Oh!
Just kill me now.
1031 at 5.60 Q.A.M.
Is that one of the great things about the holidays?
Is all those pin and ES?
Bystander pin and ES?
Velocitor.
They're all pin and ES.
What?
Relatives? They're all right.
Are they?
Might are.
Well thank god for that.
What about yours, Chris?
You got any real deads hanging out?
Uh, yeah, for Christmas coming down.
A couple of them.
And?
I like them.
Well thank god for the...
Thank god for Georgian Chris.
Let's hear it.
I only got one I don't like.
Oh.
Mama?
Mama, see that?
Yeah.
That bitch?
Yep.
That hateful nasty one.
I hate the only one though.
Big, that's a hateful style.
That's right.
Evil.
There was a really funny movie we were watching yesterday afternoon in Spanish with English subtitles.
I have no idea what the name of it was.
So, and I have no idea who any of the people in it were.
Oh, this is private.
Maybe, yeah.
His mother comes back from the dead.
Oh, never saw that one.
Zombie mom?
Disfunctional family.
It's very funny.
And she keeps hiding under the bed.
And then she starts farting and can't stop laughing.
Wow.
It's funny.
I was right up the hill.
Somebody don't know what it is.
It was up her alley.
The down's down 117 points.
Votes.
See, that's my idea.
That's where my brain is.
Look, look at that.
All we've got in the email is a bunch of polls.
Don't complain.
Well, no, it's good that we got the polls.
It could be worse.
But I mean, what the hell is that?
Better nothing.
But Scott in the panelists park, the only non redneck there,
says the comedian you're thinking of is it Myron Cohen?
Yes.
Thank you, Scott.
That great.
Great.
Some Jew over in the panelists park who stuck over there with a bunch of real red necks.
What is it about those people in the Tampa and Queerwater and Temple Terrace?
In the sink, Pete.
Is that what it is?
Mm-hmm.
They all came down that river from Tennessee, similar in Tennessee.
They all floated down the river.
And they landed on the west coast, the Kahoola Wassey.
Now, some other one.
Okay.
Now Nelson, Jr. Jr., who I'm sure is real to Jr., but nevertheless,
long since blocked by coming up with another phony name, Jr. Jr.,
whatever happened to all those Jr. Jr., remember them?
Yeah.
Paul Harvey Jr., Jr., and that crowd, Elvis Jr., Jr., right.
Probably stands.
He's probably hiding him somewhere in his house.
Maybe in the basement.
Oh, I don't think his house has a basement.
Maybe locked up.
Anyway, the arrest report below, it says, what is Brillo?
Now, we know what Brillo means in a sexual slang term, of course.
Do we?
Well, Ellen will tell you.
I say.
This chick was arrested for Brillo pipe and needle.
He wants to know what it means in a drug context.
I don't know.
And it's got the chick's name, date of birth, main detention center in Boka,
booking number, possession of cocaine, narcotic equipment,
Brillo, pipe and needle.
Anybody, any druggy out there knows what Brillo means?
I had a part of my equipment.
I'm not talking about female crotch.
We're talking about drugs, drugs.
Yeah, that's what it means.
It sounds like a needle drug thing since you mentioned needle.
Oh, I bet you what's his name would know.
Who?
From Requiem.
Oh, Jared.
Jared Lido, how's his band doing?
Fine.
They're on tour.
Yeah.
That's a good band.
Did Jonas Brothers?
No.
Oh, what a shame.
I bet you, Jared's group would be a great opening act for the Jonas Bonus Brothers.
Yeah, right.
I don't think it's a little bit of a different crowd.
Oh, and here's one from the fake clearance.
The beast and I would like to invite you and yours to spend a conical with us.
George, you're invited as well, even though you're not chosen.
Not one of the chosen people.
Well, they just chose me, right?
Tubby fat ass, you're not invited.
Let's tell you the days till you're gone.
Never mess with my sweetheart, the beast.
Happy holidays, fake clearance.
That's probably from the real clearance.
Here's one that says the hard rock is closed off the non-smoking slot machine
room inside a construction.
Good.
They're working around a clock.
Good.
That's the best things I've had a long time because that room blows.
They've got all the old discarded bingo machines from the old days and nobody wants to play.
Oh, brother, kind of like a punishment for being a non-smoker.
The science says coming soon is high limit table games, new barria and smoke-free schloss.
Las Vegas is a ghost town right now.
Nobody's going there, but the hard rock continues to be packed.
I'm surprised that you like it, though, is the crowd tends to skew very young and hip,
which is the demographic you've always hinted you feel uncomfortable around.
No, not at all.
What I've said is I'm not young or hip and have no pretense of being,
but nevertheless, young and hip is fine, especially the young part.
I guess if you go at 6 a.m., it doesn't matter.
Now, I don't go to the hard rock at 6 a.m.
But the one thing about that place is the parking lot.
Oh, my God.
Unless you've alley, which family is okay except that sometimes you have to wait for like a long time to get your car.
But the parking lot there is like a madhouse.
And then you go inside like maybe 11 in the morning or 10 in the morning and you know,
there's not that many people around, which is fine.
See, I don't like having to fight over finding a machine.
I know that kind of like Chris feel like,
he can't understand that.
I don't want to go in there when it's a madhouse and you have to stand over people's shoulder waiting for a machine,
waiting for somebody to finally leave.
There's nothing worse than like a wheel of fortune at Woodbine.
They're all a machines packed and there's somebody with like six credits and they keep,
you think they're going to leave.
And so you hover over there, I know it's bad, bad etiquette.
I hate when they do that to me.
You hover over their shoulder and then just when you think they're going to leave,
they stick another 20 in there.
And the machine is dead as a door nail.
And of course, the obvious question thing, what makes you think that if you get that machine,
all of a sudden it's going to start paying when you're ugly fat ass, it's down.
Right? Right.
Guess where I'm going at two o'clock.
It's Wednesday.
Yeah, Woodbine?
Yeah, good guess.
Let's be safe.
Good guess.
In fact, you know something maybe I'll go earlier.
Maybe I'll go sooner.
I'm telling you, man, it looks like just a beautiful day.
Yeah.
And that's because we have so many great dank overcast days when it's like,
oh, you wake up in the morning and it looks like a midnight.
Dark finster.
Sure.
That's depressing.
That's winter.
But on a day like today, my god, I'm ready to go out and kick some big fat smelly machines ass.
Speaking of young and hip.
First of all, that crap about the hard rock, the crowd being young and hip.
But maybe the crowd, the carousel, the carousel, the carousel somewhere outside.
I don't know.
But the crowd playing the machines is hardly young and hip.
You're dreaming.
Ancient.
Not nearly as ancient as the people at Pompoville and not anywhere near as ancient as the people at
Coconut Creek.
Oh, my god.
Wow.
Even if I make it to 90, I'll still feel like a queen age.
You're going in that place.
I mean, they're all just older than Mathusela's great grandpa.
I'm going to go out and talk to you about that picture.
That was the funniest line.
Can you tell me where the loose machines are?
I wouldn't say it to me.
I would have given her a kick in the brillo.
See, too bad she didn't say where the loose slots.
Can you tell me where the loose slots are?
I should have said I'm looking at one.
That would have been the obvious.
That would have been better.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, brillo.
Here we go.
Crackheads use a glass stem with a piece of brillo stuff inside the smoke crack.
Thank you very much, my crack addicted friend.
What?
Nothing.
Your crack addicted, friend?
The name of the movie was Volvere with Penelope Cruz.
That's it.
That was Penelope Cruz.
Funny as hell.
Oh, right at the end.
Funny as hell.
And the funniest part of it is that the...
It was in Spanish with English subtitles.
So Paco is listening to the Spanish and I'm watching the English subtitles.
Right.
They're never accurate, by the way.
They aren't subtitles in any language.
I see.
It's a great movie.
Volvere with Penelope Cruz.
I'll check it out.
You get a big kick out of it.
All right.
In fact, I think your mama Sito might have been now.
She might have been the one that...
The thing is...
That would explain a lot.
So, you're made.
That's a back talent.
It's a G.A. show.
Wing night.
It's moving to an M&P round.
4.30-5.602-A.
Z.
Sports.
I, Luis Miguel, play it, baby.
I'm glad you took the time to see me.
Step it to my office and come right in.
So how are you, Lord?
Is everything okay, you know?
I'm glad to hear it up.
So, let's begin, shall we?
We're making hookbacks as you know.
I'm afraid I must let you know...
That I'm gonna have to let you go.
I'm gonna have to let you go now.
You've got that from Jolly Joe now.
The only way that you can stay here...
Is as an intern, there was no pay here.
If you choose not to, I have to let you go.
So, I don't want the door to hit you on the way out.
I'm gonna have to let you go.
I'm gonna have to let you go.
I'm gonna have to let you go.
I'm gonna have to let you go.
I'm gonna have to let you go.
I'm gonna have to let you go.
I'm gonna have to let you go.
I'm gonna have to let you go.
I'm gonna have to let you go.
Now is down 80 points.
I was down 100 and I started looking at it...
I can give it a dirty look, and all of a sudden it's coming back.
I leered at the screen.
Don't do that. Oh now it's down 90. 93. Oh, I like I said. Quit looking at it. You
have heard that before. That was the steel wool that druggy stuff into a crack pipe.
It holds the dope in place while the dope smokes the dope. Considered
paraphernaly enough to get you arrested in some places. Good luck at the
machines today. Thanks Gary at Homestead. And you know who we never heard from
again when the Eric had all the stuff straightened out. I know I keep
mentioning this but there was one of the most chronic and annoying people in
history. Gary Goldbar whatever his name was in New Orleans. Remember him? Yep.
When you go to the archives just on and we finally got it all fixed and
straight now. Never heard another word. Never heard one more word. Not that I'm
complaining you understand. Although speaking of complaints and
critics. Heaks. Here is the ultimate short and right to the point and obnoxious
from Mike who sent me yesterday. I've got a good memory for these emails who
sent me yesterday some song to dance with the critique and whatever. Hey Neil
despite what you think the fans love your show we're not complaining we're
just giving you constructive criticism so the show can be even better. Take
your constructive criticism and shove it up your constructive.
Correct. Yeah. When you invite us to go to where you were and give you
constructive criticism then maybe we'll think about. Have a good day and put on a
good show today for all time's sake says Mike. This is the one who I think sent
yesterday about all puts an effort into what are some crap like that. Yeah.
Constructive criticism. 33 years I've survived these negative hostile bastards
these lousy lousy. God and I need advice how to do the show blow it out your
ass Mike okay go find yourself some work go out on the street corner sparson
change mister have a nice day. Hey. Do it the Canadian way. So the paper I
said I mean that's the epitome of what it's all about these people think that we
need assistance from them how do you write show. What I'll show on Mike right
Mike what time is your show on you moron want to help write some material
yeah right right something interesting that isn't a complete or a
good to giving constructive criticism so the show could be even better what do
you got good show for once okay put some effort into it that that's see I
remember what the crap was that he wrote yesterday he's a crap
master hey Mike you're a crap master is what you are God do it bad it do with
this way I'll do it whatever the hell I want to huh oh here's Larry King the
fake Larry King Stan show was ponderous is W.I. Would do it he had a pretty good
afternoon show on 94 news W.I. and Z. Yeah he had a pretty good show because he
was following me and ripping off my act Stan had the best chronics Elvis
junior Paul Harvey junior get the honey junior etc why don't you be a
mens forget about the guilt and call Stan on the year he's great and small
doses this George not like him I don't care whether George likes him or not
I never had a problem with Stan no and you know what I don't either and I don't
want him on a year and yes Stan takes credit for a hooking us up in case you
didn't know hooking us up yeah he's the one supposedly when you were having
problems with your current producer and your face yes yes yes
yes I was gonna let you that was called a set of late 10 o'clock right so that
starts at 10 in the morning and the guy couldn't get there on time and then I'm
doing a remote outside the building and the chronics would call in I tell him
hang up on him and he would just out of spite just to be a bastard just to be
a lous you leave him on the year so Stan told me that you were complaining to
him on one occasion yeah he recommended me said one working with this guy in
the evenings was really good you should see if you can get him on your show and
according to Stan that's when you ask Gary Bruce if I could sit in on the show
you might not remember any of that but that's what Stan said I still don't want
him on the air we don't have guests you know the only guest we ever have on the
show where you have Lucy Lopez and suds I don't have guests I have visitors
the difference people you know I guess I have his Dave Johnson on the front every
year people you know triple crown that's it that's somebody pushing a book or
promoting a movie you're right with an agenda or somebody who know 99% of the
audience has no idea who Stan major is I mean that goes without saying Stan
hasn't been on the station with an audience since before Jesus was an infant
since before Marconi stuck his finger in it it's not personal it's business
Alice Rantell the fake Alice Rantell says I haven't heard me true to your
show in a long time can you play it sometime oh my god
I'll be ready to pray I'll be standing up I go present the offer it's a choir
now she'll be singing away be true you show
the best out of your projects you'll find sixty QAM the fourth leader the biggest
name is the best talent you're listening to sports radio five sixty WQ
AM Miami for Latter-day oh this is the Neil Rogers show
great just as your brain any questions
in record stores now it's the most repulsive Christmas album you'll ever hear
Ali McBeal purges all the Christmas favorites
Ali McBeal purges all the Christmas favorites listen to it while eating
fruit cakes
okay the thing of everyone's existence do you think there's anybody in the world
who actually likes fruit cake I'll let you know if I find one what do you think
tell me no I know people that like fruit cakes what are you talking about
as in people who are food cakes yeah that's what I'll be back ready for it that time
say ready for the remix of this I figured out there's a female voice yeah
Ahmed oh it's ringing again I'll go back I'm thinking a nice techno dance
trance remix of this big it's not very good she rang it once and then she
started Ahmed I'll let us know what time the suicide bomb is going to be today
okay crazy bitch oh this building is like terrorist headquarters it really is a lot
of jerks with the Berkers you know what I mean so a tubby there sent me a story
where'd you find this hard about this one on the way in so I figured I'd look for it
real quick boy I'll tell you one thing about tubby he is really showing his
appreciation by the well I just got a nice email from Jolly Jobelle yeah verifying
what we discussed yesterday on those spots mm-hmm I thought he was gonna say I
can stay on the show now no he's not gonna say that thanks a lot Jolly Jobe I think
he's turning over a new leaf starting with that Jonas Brothers book he was sure
awfully friendly yesterday yeah oh Texas this is Beaumont Texas Texas police
responded with stores burglar alarm I got a hair in my throat or something like that
oh geez wow found a less than hard and criminal inside he was four years old and playing
with toys detective Randy Stevens says the child apparently unlocked the door it is nearby
home got out then crossed the street to reach the discount store store surveillance video shows
the unidentified boy trying out trying one of the front doors to a family dollar store
about three a a Monday only to find it locked but the second door was unlocked in the child
went inside that trigger the silent alarm when the office is got there he was showing them
his toys set off as a crystal homes child protective services said the boy will be
allowed to stay with extended brothers while they review the incident they're reviewing
the incident got it got it here's Adam Adams whoever this is from Adam Adams Adam Adams
hey uncle Neil here's some advice on your show do whatever the hell you've been doing for
almost 33 years because despite all this crap you get for management I'm still listening
will continue to listen especially when compared to the rest of the crap on the year have
a good day and you'll thank thank you Adam Adams yeah somebody nice for the holidays
or just in general I'm going to find that terrorist bitch that's the reason I'm coughing and
hacking is that I had a run in the other room twice yeah thinking it might be Ed McMahon with
my eighty billion dollars you know of course if Ed McMahon would stop giving away all that money
maybe they wouldn't be foreclosing on his house do you have any sympathy for Ed McMahon none
zero exactly right rich man can't afford to keep this big mansion we do that go live at the
Camilla's house right I'm sure they got an equivalent to the Camilla's house in LA Ed here's Johnny
I'm gonna say I never liked him and I'm sure the audience is in in you missing saying oh you
don't like anybody Neil I never liked Ed McMahon I never liked Arthur Treacher who was on the
Joey Bishop show who were some of the other side kicks who's the Leno side kick as he got one
his band leader right Paul Schaeffer no that's a later show I don't know even I would
want to Quentin no that was like a decade ago well last time I saw it back to remember
the hundred years ago wasn't Doc Seven Center was that Johnny Carson the John Carson oh sorry
with those jackets yeah Jay Leno doesn't have a sidekick he's got his band leader and I can't
remember his name somebody'll know Tommy Dorsey yeah Glenn Miller I heard that story yeah I ain't
no band leader oh here's another iconic just to show how bad things are in Vegas I just got an
email from win Las Vegas Kevin you banks who Kevin you banks Bob you banks with the stiff neck
they're opening up their brand new tower called encore they're offering rumors for just a hundred
nine bucks a night and they give you a hundred and fifty bucks in dining credit they're desperate
in Vegas Viva Las Vegas let's let's put together one of those Vegas trips let's do it oh Mike
again chronic Mike oh this is great this is sensational just before I block him I'll print this out
moron just just to be an annoying just like your mother in fact maybe I'll introduce a chronic
Mike to your mom oh it looks it yeah they'd be in a match made in purgatory
pull idea this is Mike who says we're just giving constructive criticism which
is Paul idea I'm printing it out here it is from Mike Latham Paul idea for you your opinion when
did Neil lose his touch I see there's no hope for the show I'm so glad I listen to satellite
radio I'm turning on Christmas channel right now good bye bye Mike God and of course I'm sure
that Mike is the same as some of the others you know like you said there's about a half a
dozen of these chronic right each with about a dozen that's right and that Adam Adams guy
whoever that was he's right because all this like I said yesterday all this hysteria about
this patients doing this and you know what it is it's all about you that's right let us know
when you put something good on you or something entertaining something funny something I'm using
something worthwhile instead of the same old you know as far as Cox's concern or cheap
channel which one is it I get them confused these days which ones doing it's a cheap channel
okay with I would be doing the switch with the FM as far as what turns is to make where they put
Nazi radio on AMFM or on shortwave what differences to make it's still the same old that's right Jimmy
Ciphyllitic and all that other swill who are you people kidding Glenn Drek who is a certifiably
crazy person by the way and Rush comedian Rush Limbaugh is opening calls them all the same old
right wing 24 seven Nazi propaganda and guess what you guys lost the election last time I checked
landslide landslide okay so the fake Barry Jackass says I've confirmed that serious XM radio
are bringing back two music channels they strobe and backspin Scott Greenstein said this was done
I was at Greenstein or Greenstein oh boy said this was done in response to overwhelming passion from
subscribers the channels are set to return Thursday January 15 add to that fans of the beat are
beginning heard by the company as well serious XM belongs to the beat morning show on BPM also
starting on January 15 the Daily Show will feature popular dance hits and be hosted by former
big program director Joranamo I'm sure that's not Don Joranamo remember Don Joranamo sure to
from Don and Mike fame yep I can't I can't find my finger must be fat oh there it is I'll find it
where now is it I thought it was under Gilbert isn't it at ought to be Don and Mike blow
oh there it is Don and Mike blow oh well Joyce had her finger in there and so I couldn't find
the blow part Don and Mike blow blow right even he even a simple didn't like him knows that
the Strobel Greenluster is the biggest dance hits of the 1970s and 80s shows will highlight disco
club classics freestyle and mixed disco favorites including Denny Terrios request fever and
and Causes Club Classics. Backspinal feature the best of old school hip hop and will be the
homosevel specialty shows including ladies first with Monie Love Monie Love and Zulu beats with
Africa Bombata Nick Benzo and the Cup Manel G Man I think to take away here while other than being
great news to old school hip hop and disco fans is that series is actually listening and reacting
to the feedback they're receiving and that's the key since fake Barry we'll continue to listen to
subscribers as we strive to create the best audio entertainment experience available since
Scott Greenstein Greenstein who's probably the one sending me this crap as Sirius is looking
desperately for some positive PR Don and Mike blow but it won't make any difference their stock
is still stagnant right there at 15 cents and going nowhere maybe it's down do I have time to
look it up yeah take a time yeah how about some constructive criticism for Neil and what we
can do to make the show better in yada yada uh 15 cents it's staying it's right there solid it is
really rock solid that's right hanging right in there so Mike blow take your emails and bite
just go bite yourself do a run Jeremy think we're almost caught up on emails they got that long
very jackass from yesterday about Sirius I'm not I'm not interested in promoting Sirius or XM or
any of that crap if you like it listen to it if you don't like it don't pay for it very simple
don't pay for radio especially when most of what they got on there's a bunch of that's right you
get that for free if I want a lot of I can do my own did this morning didn't cost me a dime maybe
for the toilet paper maybe a penny a lot of a lot of those double flies what are you in
applying do you know anybody uses like single-ply toilet tissue not on purpose might just
well not use any you know might as well just use your hands well I mean you just gotta use twice
as much and fold it that how you do it often you fold over like the Ruskies oh yeah over and over
and over that movie is really good you gotta see that maybe I'll send it to you chuan
the one with uh what's your name penalty crews with the big shot big hunker oh here's Joey Reynolds
please add Jeff Collins and Bill Marshall to the best sidekick pull from the fake Joey Reynolds
who also let's see now is that and that's Sean is that Sean from Hollywood did send me the one
about sidekicks or is that Charlie B one of those two people is the fake Joey Reynolds how do you
like that wow yeah how do you like that you think that it's like yeah the people you least
respect are the ones that are busy cranking with fake Joey Reynolds and fake this one don't stop
though we like him I like him you know you don't care yeah whatever you don't care about anything that's
right puts them effort into it with James I put a lot of effort into not carrying Joel says on
the subject is Joel Neil the guy who called yesterday complaining Billy Joel sold out six shows in
a row and January's an idiot you may not like him no I don't but he certainly is one of the top
singers performing today get out of here I didn't hear him complain Madonna filled up the entire
dolphin stadium last month one of their single would still live what do you like to hear how
about Joey Jonas as Dan Major said what kind of content is it that you want what kind of content
you want between two and six well I'm I'm compelled to play it the spirit of Christ
compels me to play it okay stand major now a news talk radio six 10 W I O D if you have missed
the last show you miss this well then what the hell is your problem pain is in New York
fella when he was doing sure I don't want came back I just told you that well then who do you want
I do you want you want Alan Burke I think you want Joey Reynolds so what they want the hell do you
want in the air silence is that all we have to do what do you give me a name but is that all who do you
want is that all we have to find a content do you want during two to six I did hear the next
major show this afternoon it too a new talk radio six 10 W I O D oh yeah can't wait to hear that
maybe we can get stand on as the guest on the show and come in there and you can feed him okay
I'll forget the milk you wait I know we said it off really well
that a lot of coming you'll bring us some of the big fat Stokeys you sure you used to
jump on some Milky Way dark and a nice watch I never forget the time that Stan got his hand
caught in the trunk of a rental car um I don't think I've ever heard that story true story how does
one do that well it was one of those cars that had the automatic trunk okay and he wasn't
having because it was a rental car and he was in I forget what apartment complex and plantation
but I was helping him move or whatever was going on and I come outside and he's standing there like
all a far blundge it and the puff and smoke from that big Stokeying and also from the top of his head
he had his hand stuck in that thing because the trunk he reached in to get something and the trunk
automatically closed on his arm that's key I had to grab the keys that bigger part I said that's
cute that's kind of adorable so I had to grab the keys from his other hand and unlock the trunk
or however that thing worked and it was I should have just I should have left this is before the two grand
hosting it was long before the two I had to know that someday he was going to borrow two grand for
me with no intention of ever paying back a penny but that's okay I made a lot of money over the
year stand overpaid talent oh that's an overpaid talent the biggest name the best talent
you know is your largest 4.8.560 QAM the fourth leader the best talent is the big O or Landuelsu
we are at the end of the walk to the 4.560 QAM the sports leader this is the most disgusting program
I urge everyone to complain to this station I've got some shine on w i n z you ferret
when there's a hurricane blow and baby it's still the month of May from two to six I guess you say
what can make me feel that way stand major
you
talking about stand major stand major
I've got so much honey there's a bee tibbing me
he checks the purple colors while he's smoking on a stokey
I guess you say two till six w i n z stand major
talking about stand major stand major
oh
hey
Hey, hey
Hey, hey
Woo
Yuh
Sad I live for the station
On my radio
I got my 40-locks in favor with the major memorandum.
All together now, everybody.
I guess you say W-I-N-C-2,
this is the major.
Talking about the major.
The major.
What's the major?
Oh, the major.
Let me ask a girl, baby.
Check that out.
Call a stand, baby.
I'm gonna have to go.
Joey's days I have done.
Joey's days I have done.
Bill Marshall is his son.
The show just ain't no fun.
So what does Karen prove?
Think Joey is gonna do.
It's not a smile we can get.
And now we're crying out of pain.
You fell.
The lighting's very reflected.
No way to read the record.
It's bad I caught away this day.
Joey's got a gun.
Joey's got a gun.
Neil can't help this one.
No.
Baby, your days are done.
What is it gonna do?
It's baby, your days are through.
It's not a smile we can get.
And now we're crying out of pain.
The lighting's very reflected.
No way to read the record.
It's bad I caught away this day.
I won't wait.
Run away from the pain.
Run away.
Run away from the pain.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I have my nose up meals.
I asked, wow, up until this day I thought it was tataglia.
And it was Sean from Hollywood all along.
He's the fake Joey Reynolds.
Okay.
And I wouldn't be surprised in the very least if he's the fake
a whole bunch of other people too.
Paul Meister, Sean from Hollywood was a demented, tortured soul.
And in the interim since I last spoke a couple minutes ago,
he sent me a half a dozen Joey Reynolds emails.
How about that?
Including Joey's biography and the Joey this and Joey that.
And here's another one from the fake Joey Reynolds, aka Sean from Hollywood.
Stanley T. Major on the radio, you make a difference in my whole day.
Would love to stand on your show.
Hold your breath, Sean from Hollywood.
Get a life.
I have no life.
Oh my God.
Remember a long time ago there was something about his wife or his mother-in-law
whoever was very upset with him because he's just obsessed with his show.
Obsessed.
This isn't a radio show for some of you people.
It's a life.
It's an obsession.
It's a not so magnificent obsession.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
And here we're sitting here guessing, oh it could be.
This one, it could be that one.
He might be like a half a dozen of these chronics out there.
Sean from Hollywood.
And of course he tipped his hat with that thing about the sidekick, Paul.
Which he'd be the only one because I didn't read it before he'd be the only one who he said to me because it's in the pile.
It's in the pool pile.
Here's another sicko, Nelson Jr. Jr., who's also a realtor Jr. Jr., who's blocked and also sent one that got blocked though after I mentioned his name.
You're right.
There's about nine or ten people and that's where all the emails come from.
All of them.
Not most of them.
Yeah, all of them.
And.
Yes, the exception of maybe one or two.
It's the same people that are on the phone that you don't want to talk to.
Right.
That's right.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
Oh, here's one.
It's not from wow.
An analysis of the show.
Please don't take offense.
And I love the ones that at the end say God bless.
Kind of like red skeleton.
God bless.
God bless.
So let me print that one out.
I bet it's going to be a real doozy.
204 votes on the poll by the way.
Where do you expect to be in your life a year from now at the end of 2009?
Only five say dead.
Oh, we got to do a better job than that.
There are a lot more than five of you who need to be dead.
In fact, very soon.
Maybe this one.
Although I don't know you.
Let's see.
Oh, from a Kimbe.
Hello, I've been a psychologist for the past 10 years.
I've come up with a quick analysis of the show.
Please don't take offense.
Neil one.
Neil suffers from the typical symptoms of a negative person.
Since he can't see his own negativity is he is constantly projecting his own negativity on others.
Two, the colors are not always bad.
But Neil chooses not to confront them on the radio.
Instead, he labels them as chronics and an attempt to psychologically separate himself from his audience.
After all, the host breeds the audience.
In a sense, the audience is the child and the host is the father.
Neil in this case cannot come to terms with the type of children he is raised so he separates himself from them.
I'm your friend.
This is all psychologically speaking, of course.
The host feeds on the audience who then feeds on the host personality.
It's a vicious cycle, unfortunately.
Three, George is a shmitty sidekick.
He doesn't try or care.
A quick analysis reveals that he is secretly taking joy in Neil's unhappiness.
Please take care and God bless.
I love it.
Yeah, you're sadistic, fast.
That's right. You're enjoying my misery.
I'm not amazing.
All these people assume that because they're hearing the radio show that I'm miserable.
I'll tell you one thing. Come to a clock.
I'm one of the happiest campers going anywhere.
That's one thing about me.
It takes very little to make me a happy camper.
I mean, I want these people constantly needs to be surrounded by people and by parties and all this other crap.
Whatever.
There are people like that.
You do know.
Oh, yeah.
Always have to be like the center of attraction.
In fact, just sitting there with a paka watch in that movie yesterday with what's her name?
What's your name?
Pedalope Cruz.
That was funny. It was some good laughs.
Very simple pleasures in life.
That's what it's all about.
Oh, here's one from the fake joy Reynolds, aka Sean from Hollywood.
Mitch Lewis is a man.
Have you ever heard my good friend Michael Savage?
He's great.
Oh, yeah.
A real Nazi bastard who definitely don't belong on a year.
He'll belong on a planet.
I think Sean from Hollywood is losing it.
I think he's coming apart at the seams.
Mm-hmm.
And there are, by the way, no denials that is him because he couldn't because he already slipped.
He already slipped himself a Mickey.
Psychologically speaking.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
I have no logic.
I have no logic.
I have no logic.
I have no logic.
I have no logic.
I have no logic.
The best talent.
It's a big dog, Joe Rose.
Weakly morning, seven o'clock.
Where's South Florida sports?
Always matters.
Always matters.
Sports radio, 5.60 QAM.
M-M-V.
Sports leader.
Talk dirty to me.
It's the ultimate phone fantasy.
We've combined the thriller phone sex and the excitement of the Elvis talk line to bring you
Talk dirty to Elvis.
Have the king satisfy your every secret desire.
Oh, baby.
Oh, baby.
Oh, baby.
Oh, baby.
Oh, baby.
Oh, baby.
Oh, baby.
Oh, baby.
Oh, Elvis.
Oh, baby.
Oh, man.
I have a brother in the shop.
Oh, Elvis.
That's right.
Talk dirty to Elvis.
Call 1-900 Teddy Bear.
The king is waiting to talk to you.
Call 1-900 Teddy Bear.
Now.
11-31 at 5.60 WQM.
It's Wednesday to 7-17.
It's that time of the year.
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean,
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean,
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean,
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
Do you know what happened to Stan Major from Wions Z and WIOD radio? Are the rumors of his death tour untrue? Are the rumors of his death tour untrue? Where could they have heard that? Huh? I don't know.
S- Dale God!
That's right.
And Tom responds, Stan is still around. I hear from him from time to time. He's made a few proposals to return to local radio, but so far, no takers.
Oh, let me take another interesting stand story.
Okay.
It can be reached by the way it's standmajoratall.com.
Just in case anybody out there would like to hire a stand so we can make some money and
pay me back that two grand with interest.
So back in our IOD days, and of course he had them, I'm trying to think this is already
when he had replaced Cane in the afternoon and done that experiment and failed badly.
And so it was coming to the end of one of my three year contracts and you know he called
me up and oh well we ought to like make a proposal to some station to go on together and really
kick ass somewhere by by the hell with the cost broadcasting and IOD by by all that other crap.
In other words there's a saying for that you know what the saying is?
What?
Misery loves company.
Oh, that would.
It's not important that you succeed but that your friends fail.
So anyway, and I said I would entertain the idea and maybe we would do that putting
the ad in broadcasting or R&R or something like that and see if we get any any takers.
So then as it came closer toward the end of the three year deal with IOD I signed an
three year extension.
Like I always did because just as in this case here one thing I believe in is job security
because I've been in this business too long and seen too many people out on the beach and you
know out on street corners.
Sparrow some change.
I used to be in radio like that.
So I believe in job security.
So anyway he called me up a few days after I had signed the deal which he wasn't aware of at that point.
Well, what do you think about this ad?
What do you want to put it together?
I said, oh, Stan, this week I just resigned for three more years with IOD and it was like
like that.
And I said, but you know Stan you got to do what you got to do and his reply was,
well you do that.
Click, slam the file down on me.
Yeah.
You do that.
Click.
Now I said look back in retrospect wouldn't it have been a great idea to team up with Stanley
T. Major.
Oh, I'm sorry I wasn't listening.
I was watching something on TV.
Wouldn't that have been a spectacular idea?
But you do that.
I'll click, slam the phone down in my ear.
I'm trying to remember if this was before or after the two grand.
But nevertheless don't dwell on the fact that people owe you money.
That's okay.
Doesn't bother me.
I don't need, you know, I got plenty of cash sitting around.
It's a good thing to start and you realize that I've only got one more paycheck at the
full amount.
Right.
Christmas paycheck 25th.
And then you'll be panhandling.
Then after that I'll be out there on the street.
Oh, Mahatma Gandhi is back.
I'd like to dispel the rumor listeners to have no life.
Some actually need productive lives.
Here's an example of my daily activities to demonstrate this.
9 a.m.
Wake up, have a cup of tea while waiting for the new Roger Show to come on.
10 to 2.
Listen to the new Roger Show intently.
2 p.m.
Think about how great today's show was.
3 to 7 p.m.
Take a nap.
8 p.m.
Come up with witty emails to write the new Roger Show 9 a.m.
To 3 a.m.
Watch television 3 a.m.
to 9 a.m.
Sleep.
It's good.
That was they have a life.
Needle are you going to the mansion New Year's Eve party?
No, I'm not.
Oh, Lindsay Lowen is going to be there.
I'll be sure that the mansion New Year's Eve party.
Y'all be there.
And same as I'll be coming right over there right after the Dan La Bastard birthday party.
Although I guess we weren't invited that.
Talk about people who take themselves very seriously, who are just a joke.
That whole operation over there.
Oh, but it's not least anymore.
And it was owned by Lincoln Financial.
Great.
Good for them.
233 votes on the pool.
Where do you expect to be in your life a year from now at the end of 2009?
No different than my life now.
83.
Richard 30 in a new job 30.
Poor 29 in a relationship with someone new 14 wishing I was dead 10.
Fat him around the middle, balled her around the top nine out of work nine living in the
cardboard box seven.
Oh, I didn't know you guys voted already.
Oh, yeah.
Newly married five dead five and newly divorced two.
Do you guys vote on this?
Yep.
What'd you vote for?
All I forgot.
No.
It's a long time ago.
Yeah.
It was all, you know, minutes ago.
That's true.
There's been a lot of stress this morning.
We had all that out.
I'll express a Greek.
Before the show today.
And you're giving me a lot of crap.
Oh, it's your fault.
Your fault.
If you would just say the one thing, the one thing was when you when you froze it up.
That's why I told you to restart because I knew exactly what had happened.
I think that previous emailer had an excellent point.
Uh-huh.
I'm not really sure which one.
So we discovered today I'm going to write it in my diary.
Sean from Hollywood is a certifiable crazy person.
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing, Rodgers?
What's the hell, Sean?
I have no right.
I have no right.
Fourth leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
Yeah.
Man, the chapter news.
Sports Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
You get a lot of big hearts.
The Rodgers are sports radio WQA.
I'm just receiving the STV for Christmas.
All right.
Something I did not have to unwrap.
I got the heck to her from my filthy act.
And I trapped her by doctor for prescription voucher.
Why, just receive an STV for Christmas.
It's the gift that never goes away.
My cheating spell.
The Lucy Gustela.
Sleeping with everyone in metal tournament house.
Near that house.
It happened without a mean warning.
I thought they were true.
How about that cellulite, check her out?
It happened in a snap.
My girlfriend got my eyes one more again.
I had the clap.
I just received an STV for Christmas.
All right.
I'll have it for the rest of my life.
Hold on, hold on.
I wish I were dead.
I've been seeing red.
Now I have to burn my sheets and bills from my bed.
I wonder what they'll get me for new year.
Welcome.
It's 11.44.16.
They'll know in 5.60 WQAM.
So Christmas day we're all off.
All three of us.
Yeah.
See, and that's special.
It is.
And Jesse, uh...
Agler.
Jesse Aguri.
Jesse Agler.
And what's the other clown's name?
Phil Specter.
I mean, Brian...
Phil Specter.
Brian Specter.
Hank Aguri and Phil Specter are going to be doing the Jesse
Inspector.
Who is Brian Specter?
He's the board op for the Big O show.
Yes.
According to the Big O, the greatest producer around.
According to the Big O.
Rock solid.
Okay, so a short owl from Staten Island sends an email.
He says, seven years ago, I discovered your show
while visiting relatives in South Florida.
A few months ago, I found your website and I couldn't be happier.
New York Radio is a wasteland of sports and right wing nut jobs.
The only decent program on Air America, the Lionel show, was taken off,
and replaced by some doctors selling some colon cleansing product.
Back them.
I listen to work when I can.
It's great to be able to listen to an intelligent provocative show that is
Pean Your Pants Funny.
Pean Your Pants, baby.
Peanose pantaloons, which reminds me pretty soon.
I'm going to have to put on my shirt and my pantaloons and my shoes.
And get ready for Woodbine Wednesday.
The complainers who emailed your show, sure love the bitch,
but remember that most of the people who listen love the show,
was just too busy with stuff like work to take time to email or call in.
Thanks.
Thanks, Short Owl from Staten Island.
Thanks for the short message from Short Owl.
Isn't that nice?
That was.
From New York.
From Staten Island.
I don't know less.
From New York.
Ranges, ranges, ranges, one again last night.
Ranges.
Maybe we can play some of the leafs game that the shootout they won last night.
Usually when it's a shootout, when in doubt,
lose the shootout that the Vesatasco couldn't stop a bowling ball roll
from 100 yards away.
NHL All-Star Band-Balleting presented by two case sports.
Are you voting for the NHL All-Stars?
Uh, yeah.
256 votes on the pool.
Oh, just relax.
Okay.
You know that you're a.
A panty waisted who don't like real men.
That's right.
A hockey.
Real manly sports like hockey.
You like like roller skating crap like you.
Yeah, like doing things not watching other people.
Yeah, do this.
No.
We're adding a new member to the burger family.
Oh, it's A1, A1, A1W.
When's the last time you waited A1W?
God, I remember the last time I saw one.
We got him here.
There's an A1W, one of the food courts at the Eaton Center.
I'm going to go there and get me a, uh, a popper burger.
Okay.
They have a new one called the Surloin Uncle Burger.
So what's the deal?
What's the story of the final story with a black anus burger?
That Mickey D's?
You're not getting it?
What else?
Really?
It's a sad situation because boy, they got headed here for months now and it's really good.
I'm not sure whether I like that better than the, uh, double cheeseburgers.
In fact, maybe what I'll do is around noon in 13 minutes.
What I'll do is put on my clothes, get ready for woodbine and I'll, I'll make a jaunt over the neighborhood Mickey D's.
Yeah.
You get a couple of double cheeseburgers and bring them back and eat them on here.
You get a mail them down to this, you know, FedEx.
Oh, you're talking about the, uh, anus burger?
Yeah.
Would, uh, bacon and cheddar?
That's right.
Yeah.
Uh, mail bound some anus to South Florida.
I think you got enough of that.
They're already.
Here's one that says the leading candidate to replace the most cipherous and controversial conservative talk show host Bill O'Reilly.
Bill O'Reilly on radio is not other than failed Republican presidential candidate Rudy Giuliani, quintery report today.
Oh, all I can say to that is.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
If you thought that bill O had a point on local radio, just wait till you're Rudy Giuliani.
Remember how great he did in the Florida primary?
Mm-hmm.
How it put his campaign right off the edge.
That's right.
Everyone knows Bill O'Reilly is quitting his radio show to concentrate on his Fox News TV program.
New York Post's page six column begins.
Now page six is learned that the leading candidate to succeed him is Rudy Giuliani.
Westwood one would syndicate the O'Reilly shows negotiating with the former mayor.
God.
Talk about a loser.
Giuliani who doesn't suffer fools gladly famously ridiculed a firt on around the radio in 1999 calling him deranged the post says.
Some wonder if Rudy could sit in for three hours a day, chit chatting about politics.
That's chit chatting.
The other question is how might affect his possible gubernatorial run in 2010.
Giuliani's office did not return calls.
The New York Post is owned by News Corp, which also hosts a Riley's Fox television show, The O'Reilly Factor.
I'm sure religiously watched by Rich Pacti.
Maybe we can have that as a new show on QM, The Pacti Factor.
What do you think?
I think he's another crazy person.
So what is the story here with Sean from Hollywood?
I don't know.
Aren't you shocked a little bit?
I mean, you know, we've been trying to do some detective work just just for fun.
To try to determine the identity of some of the chronic e-mailers.
Miami, according to Brooklyn on the downtown club district homeless problem.
What is this from?
I want to talk about the homeless in downtown around the clubs and effing annoying how annoying they are.
I'm sick and tired of the begging and everything else that says.
It's a long article, which I'm definitely not going to read.
On and on and on.
Miami, according to Brooklyn, what does that even mean?
I don't know.
I don't know and I don't care.
Gary Deats.
Oh, this is good.
I'm going to print this out.
That's right, Mr. Rogers.
I called you a silly old fag.
Let me print this one out.
And he's got it.
He was so sure that I was not going to read it.
He said it four different times.
One, two, three, four.
And that's special.
Yep.
And just in that one second there, I deleted all of them.
Although I'm sure they're going to be very entertaining.
Do you think?
I can't wait from Gary Deats.
Okay. One moment, please.
It's printing out.
Here we go.
Silly old fag.
Here is what your problem is from Gary Deats at 10 roof Sunday,
something rather.
Yeah, that's right, Rogers.
I called you a silly old fag.
Not so nice being called names, is it?
Well, you sure love to dish it out.
You have to realize that your ship has sailed, sir.
Sid Rosenberg had had Harris on his against this morning.
Oh, God, had Harris.
Who?
I can't even remember the last time he had a guest on.
What we don't do guest on this show, okay?
Especially boring guests like Ed Harris has been watched up.
Sid talked to Ed Harris about Oklahoma football for nearly 15 minutes, Rogers.
Oh, yeah.
That's what I, everybody in the world wants to hear is Ed Rogers talking about Oklahoma football.
I doubt you could even Gary Shanley become on your show for 15 seconds.
Ed Harris, one of the best actors of this era.
I know great actors, Rogers.
When I was younger, I had the opportunity to have dinner with Clark Gable in Miami Beach.
What have you done, sir?
I bet my bottom, oh, I bet my bottom dollar.
You've never rubbed elbows with anyone near the caliber that adheroses,
and you probably never will.
I rubbed elbows with Johnny Depp, who's 100 times the actor that adheroses.
And Johnny Depp, unlike adheroses, is still around.
People still know who that is.
Sid has guest all the time, and so does Landla Bastard.
Although it says Dan Lebert-Tarrad.
You say those guys suck, but why are they the ones with all the guests?
And all you have is an owing in gay sounding George Rodriguez.
You two fags will have a great time in hell together.
Hang it up, Neil.
You can't compete with the real shows in Miami.
Just look at the numbers you smuck.
Yeah, I'm looking at the numbers, and we got bigger numbers than they do all the time.
How are they doing in the mid-day?
They got a point.
Oh, oh, oh.
And as far as Sid, the kid, look at those numbers.
Oh, my God.
Adheroses really put him over the top.
He's doing that Lawrence Welk radio.
I want a two.
I want a two.
That's right.
Be afraid.
You don't even get to the street part.
Just a one, a two.
That's Sid the kid.
And I'm sure he wrote that.
You know, no question about it.
He had Adheres on.
Aren't you impressed?
Totally.
Woo!
The show is lame.
I'm going to go over there.
Yeah, that's right.
Go over there so we can get some of the big showbiz with Clark Gable.
Hey, Clark.
You fairy.
Wow.
Kenneth Smasmancio, Betty Gravel or Clark Gable?
Or Mabel Black Label?
And Mabel Black Label probably not.
No.
One of those regional beers, you know, Black Label.
Oh, here's a gift idea for George Rodriguez.
Sheath Cleanser.
Naturally softens and loosens hard and sharp smegma.
There you go.
Oh, I see it for Christmas.
Already did.
Thanks.
Here's some boring story about three people who died in the some fire, boring.
And that's it.
I'm just checking because there might be something new and different on there on the email.
Neil at NearRoges.com.
Here's one that says, you and your faithful friend George are a true comfort and pleasure to listen to every day.
I sit glued on my condo every day in Hellendale passing me hours by.
Listening to the two of you wrap about current affairs.
I would like for the two of you to join me on a trip to Panama where we could sit in a hot tub, smoking tipper pillows, while listening to my Luis Miguel CDs.
Is the other fact Chris really overweight?
No, we just made it up.
I'm about three bills but get around quite well.
In other words, 300 pounds.
Do you ever go outside in Toronto or just stay cooped up in your studio apartment?
First of all, I don't have a studio apartment.
And secondly, I go out all the time.
I go out and mingle with the bingo.
I missed Anne Majes' is he really still alive?
Well, they're doing test to determine.
Was it back in his 60s?
I've never called you but I'm tempted.
Would you be making any personal appearances anytime soon?
How come I recalls we get a bus load from down here and George could drive?
Georgia, J-O-R-J-E-G-A.
Georgia.
I love you and Georgia God bless you too.
Juan Calderon.
Isn't that sweet?
You could drive the bus.
Sure.
Like what was that horribly overrated movie about the bus with the school kids?
I don't know, not that word.
I can never remember the name.
Another one that they made about the school kids down here.
No.
Like a real movie?
Oh, this was like in North Dakota or somewhere.
And this highly overrated actor who wins all these Academy Awards.
He's crap.
And he played the, he wanted to be the lawyer to defend the victims.
And then at the end of the movie, he sees the same bitch that drove that bus driving some bus in some airport somewhere.
Don't think of such.
Somebody will know the name of them.
We won't believe you me.
You don't want to.
Oh, thank God.
277.
And it's just a week before, you know, few days before Hanukkah and a week before Christmas.
I mean, the idea that we're going to get any response on there is like a miracle only from those people whose motto is that crowd.
I think for 50.
What is it?
For 50.
For 50, my fat ass.
Crazy person.
The biggest name.
Wait that much.
You don't have no largest story.
You'll find the least recently.
The biggest name.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
My name is Mark Morgan.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12-1 hour on QAM.
It's hard to be a Jew on Christmas.
My friends won't let me join in any game.
Absolutely.
And I can't sing Christmas on the deck or rate a Christmas break.
Or leave water out for Rudolph because there's something wrong with me.
My people don't believe in Jesus Christ as an enemy.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
A little boy I couldn't help but hear.
You're feeling left out of Christmas cheer.
I've come to say that you shouldn't be sad.
This is the one month that you should be glad.
Because it's nice to be a Jew on Christmas.
You don't have to deal with the season at all.
You have to be on your best behavior or give to charity.
You don't have to go to Grandma's house with your alcoholic family.
I don't have to go on so big chandels like it and have a way to think it has for me.
That's right.
You're a Jew.
I'm styling you.
It's a good time to be a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
Hey, we don't care if you're unemployed.
If you don't have two nickels to rub together, go out and buy everybody a whole bunch of gifts
and make sure they're damn good ones too.
Probably three at five sixty WQM.
The fake bill Henry says, I believe the fake JewA Reynolds is Richard Pacti or Mr. Radio.
What do you think?
Manny Munoz is the fake Barry Jackass.
You still think the fake Greg Buehler was sunny Fox?
What about the other Fakes?
Talk about no life.
I have no life.
Talk about the potcoin that Kiddleschart Trousse.
Wow.
How do you like that?
Here's a good one about depression.
I didn't know I was depressed.
Leave it to this audience and leave it to South Florida.
Let everybody else know how to breathe.
Freestyle go analysis.
No.
Yes.
The reason that you are so depressed is you're not getting enough sunshine up there.
Boy, it's sunny right now.
I can go outside my underwear and freeze my tussle sock.
Studies suggest lack of sunshine vitamin dims health outlook.
The old song says, sunshine on my shoulders makes me happy, but perhaps it should say,
and keeps me healthy.
More research is showing that vitamin D which the skin produces when exposed to sunlight
may do for the body that experts previously thought.
While sure as hell no work in South Florida too good.
And according to a new study, lack of it may be linked to a higher chance of dying early from heart problems and other causes.
We've known for a long time that vitamin D helps our bodies absorb calcium,
which our bones need to grow and stay strong.
You can get vitamin D from foods and supplements.
The best source is your skin.
Hence the nickname the sunshine vitamin.
In the new study, we search your track levels of vitamin D more than 3200.
Oh, this goes on and on.
Although the study is far from conclusive, it does add to growing evidence that the risk of low vitamin D go far beyond our bones.
That's what the bonus brothers told me.
Studies have also found lack of vitamin D.
It can increase the problems with immune system.
Certain cancers type on and type two diabetes.
Multiple sclerosis problems with heart and circulation.
In other words,
I'm dying out of here.
And unfortunately, many of us aren't getting enough of this vitamin experts.
They have to six and ten older people in North American world wide.
Don't have enough of this nutrient.
Well, the good news is I take vitamin D every day.
I take a whole bunch of vitamins.
Studies show many younger people also have low amounts,
which can lead to malformed bones in children.
It goes on and on.
Talk to your doctor if you have questions about vitamin D,
whether you're getting enough.
And now that summer is here, why not follow John Denver's advice?
Oh, now that summer is here.
Crash your plane into the ocean.
Yeah.
Study, that's why you're so depressed up there.
You're not getting enough sunshine.
But the sun is shining like crazy today.
It's beautyous.
It's lovely.
And you know what?
Nobody has told me the name of that movie or the actor.
Nope.
That's the kind of audience we've got.
We've got, you know, people giving me son of an aunt about how depressed I am.
Mm-hmm.
Where that where is it?
Oh, Larry again.
Lawrence who's just chronic, chronic.
And he starts out by saying a bit emailing more than usual.
You sure are, Larry.
Good God.
But keep him coming.
Where is the name of that movie?
And the actor.
About this guy.
He's the lawyer and he goes to somewhere in North Dakota,
somewhere in his, uh, been a school bus crash and these kids got killed in Yadi Yadi,
and the school bus driver, she's totally inept in the component.
And everybody's terrified to testify.
And then in the end, he flops.
Wow.
And he's, this guy is, uh, oh, it's one of the great acting performances of all time.
It's a horse ball movie, okay?
Here is one with a link.
This is the coolest game I've ever seen.
Check it out.
Says Sean and Tampa.
I don't do links and I don't do games.
Okay, Sean.
I don't do links and I don't do games.
I wonder what the name of that movie.
Neil at neorodges.com.
Come on.
Somebody knows.
Is his name like Templeton or something like that?
Not, I don't know what that is.
Not Charles Templeton.
No, not Charles Templeton from, uh, farewell to God.
Wonder if he's still alive, Charles Templeton.
We could find out.
Yeah, let's, let's get to what's his name, Ed Norton on the show.
Ed Harris.
Yeah.
Now Ed Norton, there's a radio.
Ed Harris.
Eh.
Wasn't he in Plungeringland, Ross?
Yes.
Have you made your decision for Christ?
Yeah.
And what else?
Oh, he's in a lot of good movies.
He's in the, in the right stuff.
Well, uh, Sid Rosenberg had him on a show for a half an hour.
Wow.
What, what are you doing?
I think that one email was right.
Do you think so, Fatso?
Sure.
George is not getting us good guests.
Hey, I'm squeezing a ball.
That's what I'm doing.
Lauren says, subject nuts.
I've been emailing more than I have before,
but I only do something that I think has something worthwhile to add.
It is up to you whether you think so too.
Well, of course you do, Larry.
And now let me ask you this question.
Why is it that some people named Lawrence,
like they'd be called Larry,
and some people called named Robert want to be called Bob or Bobby?
And some of the people want to be called Robert and Lawrence.
Why is that?
Well, it's a matter of preference.
What about John, the food and the restaurant?
What?
What about John?
A lot of times they call themselves Jack.
Hank, Harry.
Hank is Harry, isn't he?
I'm Jewish, so I would imagine so, yeah.
That was fun.
Not as Harry is Ron Jeremy, but then again, who is?
But if I don't like the food at a restaurant,
I don't continue to go eat and then complain to the manager, says Lawrence.
If I don't like a show, I don't continue to turn it on and watch it,
and then right to the network complaining about it.
If I didn't like your show, I wouldn't continue to listen to an email or call you
and complain about it or worse tell you how to do it better.
Maybe I check in periodically to see whether the show has changed to my liking,
but you'd never know because I wouldn't bother to tell you.
So what does the mentality behind these people who bother to call an email you
or George, just to complain about the show?
I've asked this before, is that they have no life, you say?
Probably.
I have no life.
That's right.
But I think it's more.
They want to hear their comments on the radio, even if you're blasting them.
I think your comments are the only things that give acknowledgement to their pathetic existence.
Now you got your finger deep in it, Larry.
Way in there.
And when you engage them further than they actually think that they have a life and opinions
that matter to someone you live negatively.
The only good thing about all this, especially since the email started,
is that this keeps them off the streets.
You are absolutely correct, sir.
I don't have to worry about them sitting next to me at a movie
or on the bus or driving in traffic and endangering the rest of the world.
The only thing they do is annoy those of us who hear their comments,
rants, nonsense, coming out of our speakers,
given most of the good stuff that you and George talk about,
it's a small but really, really annoying price to pay for free radio.
From a Jew at Christmas and good luck to Chris, says Larry, Lawrence.
Well, thank you very much.
How do you like that?
Right on, Lawrence.
You guys are coming here, Lawrence.
Pull out a plum.
I'm looking. I see nothing about that movie.
Let me do the send and receive.
I bet you 100 emails are coming with the name of that movie.
It was a big hit.
It was a big fat, booby hit, man.
All right.
Highly touted.
Oh, this is one of the greatest and up for all kinds of awards.
I think he won an Oscar or something, the scoop ball, old guy with glasses.
Kind of British looking.
You don't even know the movie I'm talking about.
Nope. Never heard of it.
Nobody else is part of it.
Maybe I dreamed it.
Maybe I had a dream.
Nothing.
Well, it's not our crowd.
You know, it's not not some Chevy Chase movie.
It's not some Adam Sandler movie.
I'm going to tell you if there's anybody who needs to be taken into a spaceship
and put it in the outer space, he's one of them.
He is one of them.
He started out annoying and then just got more and more and more.
And became more and more and more.
Right.
And I'll tell you who is almost in the same category and actually looks like him.
Deal or no deal.
What tells his name?
How we?
How we a Mandel.
Oh, if there's a place in called hell, then certainly how we Mandel is there.
With his obsession about germs and other crap.
He's a crazy person.
He is. He's crazy and the show sucks.
Yeah.
I watched it that one time and they got all the way to the end.
Oh, I'm sure it's this briefcase here and also the slot machine game sucks too.
Deal or no deal.
I like the other game show deal or no deal deal or no deal.
Yeah.
Now they talk about politics on that one all the time.
Chris Matthews feels in every now and then for how we Mandel.
One thing we've discovered, especially on QAM being able to speak is not a prerequisite for being in broadcasting.
What's that movie then?
This is no politics.
4.60 QAM.
The fourth lead.
So fake a.
That talent.
It's the D.A. Show.
Wing nights for me to 11 here on.
4.305.60 QAM.
The sports.
She fakes orgasms. I fake four play.
In theaters now.
Hope you're afraid.
I'm afraid of what?
The day Keanu Reeves brains dood still.
Are you currently in a seated position?
Yes.
Be in full pain.
My body is.
You're fair.
What is 2 plus 2?
Is Russia close to Alaska?
You should let me go.
The day Keanu Reeves brains dood still.
A.W. for woe.
This has been a most unusual day.
You said that again.
Hey Keanu.
You're fair.
He's from Toronto every time I hear his name, I'll tell you that.
Yeah.
Here?
No.
Oh, anyway, so thanks to the 600 people who finally got around to tell me the name of the movie was the sweet hereafter with Ian home.
Okay.
Sounds familiar.
I'm sure I never saw it.
Yeah, it was set in Canada.
I think like in British Columbia somewhere.
With some actor named Holmes, it said, no, not Holmes Steve.
Thanks to Steven Poppano, he tried.
The other people got to write Ian home.
That's the one.
Thanks, Kathy.
Thanks, Larry.
Thanks, everybody.
Horrible movie.
Seven.
Oh, and IMDB.
Seven point eight.
A high score.
A very high score.
An nominated for like 75,000 Academy Awards.
Wow.
Piece of crap.
Piece of pus.
It's pus on film is what it is.
Ian home.
Very a movie I'm sure that soothes like.
The fake Josh Corda says, you know, I personally think the plant guy Chris Baker sending all these fake emails.
Have you made it my mid month check yet?
Just wondering.
No.
No, no, no, all parts of this fake Josh.
First of all, Chris Baker wasn't the plant guy.
Chris Baker was, uh, that was him.
Oh my god.
That was a show.
Oh my god.
I would deny times on weekend.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
And that's all he had one drop in.
Oh my god.
And he played it over and over.
Chris Rollins was the plant guy.
Chris Rollins was the, very good.
George, let's hear it for a little George.
Georgia.
Georgia and Ginger.
It's the Ginger and Georgia show.
So you're going to get your characters corrected, Mr. Corda.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
I'm going to get my characters corrected.
He's been very nice to me lately.
What's he looking for?
I guess he realizes five years of misery.
I guess he realizes five years of misery.
He's not a good idea.
He's not a good idea.
He's not a generous thing that he called me about that deal.
He's not a generous thing that he called me about that deal.
He's not a generous thing that he called me about that deal.
He's not a generous thing that he called me about that deal.
He's not a generous thing that he called me about that deal.
He's not a generous thing that he called me about that deal.
He's not a generous thing that he called me about that deal.
$1.00 is dropping like a gigantic boulder from your ass.
Oh no.
That blow.
You kidding me?
The euro is now like $1.24 or something.
Now it's $1.44?
Oh brother.
I take those dollars and I burn them.
But instead I'm taking the Canadian dollars to wood buy.
At two.
Don't let me forget to start getting dressed.
Hey don't forget.
Well I'm getting old and sena.
You know, I hold my hand.
All the timers is kicking in.
That color of the other day and your old timers.
And fat Chris, well he forgot he was fired.
He showed up for working.
Yeah.
Now you're going to have to make some adjustments when comes the end of your regime on the show,
your reign.
Am I or the show?
Yeah, you.
I mean, you're going to forget to not to come in in the morning.
Oh, I'll probably remember that.
What do you, what are you laughing about?
Oh, I saw something funny on TV.
Have you ever woken up on a Saturday morning and I've been sure that it was like the weekend?
Oh yeah.
You kidding me?
And you think, oh my god.
Saturday morning.
I'd get up and go to work and then you realize, oh it's Saturday.
Of course, in my case, at 430, I'm up.
I'm up and dressed and on the way to Woodbuy.
In fact, Chris is thinking, oh gee, you're such a moron.
Why do you go in?
There's nobody there.
That's exactly the reason.
I'm not thinking that at all.
What are you thinking?
I don't care.
I do great on Saturday mornings.
And then when I go on Sunday morning, usually two.
Not always.
Most of the time.
I'm able to find me a good machine man.
Jimmy says, I love the logic of that study, meaning the one about vitamin D.
Get sunshine every day for depression.
Then get skin cancer and be depressed again.
Thanks, but I'll keep my pale skin and depression,lexipro and well buterin work just fine for me.
You know what those are?
You're the drug man.
Pills.
I know they're a pill.
Antidepressants, it sounds like I'm not sure.
I'm just guessing.
I'm just guessing.
They're antidepressants.
What would you know about that?
I wouldn't.
But you ought to start taking some.
Give me some.
Stop of you.
Ask right.
She'll tell you.
We're like man.
Hold it.
We're like magic.
I hold it.
Can I hold your pen for a minute?
I mean, hold it.
I'm already pale.
What kind of people say, let me hold your pen besides dumb?
Let's see.
Is this it?
Sudden terror.
The hijacking of school bus 17.
No, it's not.
That's not it.
We already got it.
On the New York City day.
Go away, Dave.
Have a happy holiday.
It was on Chris Baker's show that Charlton Heston said.
Do you believe that?
What?
You said of a bitch?
No, no, it was not.
This is from Kenny Gramer, by the way.
All of a sudden, as I am radio maven an expert.
It was not.
I will reward that come from.
He did it in a production room.
Oh.
Or less than Kenny was there for that.
That's what I recall.
That's when we were given it.
He was a, I think, Mitchell Lewis for somebody gave it to us.
Kenny might be right, but that's not what I was told.
You might be right.
What's that song?
You may be wrong.
Billy Joel.
Billy Joel.
Oh, that's why I can't remember what it was.
It's Billy Joel.
I don't like Billy Joel.
Oh, you don't like anybody.
Oh, Neil.
You're so negative.
You're so depressed.
I'm not the least bit depressed.
I feel pretty good for an old fart.
Oh, I don't want to hear Billy Joel.
Oh, no.
I'm going to blow my nose.
I can't make it out.
Here's one that says what really hurts me about this whole WIOD move is that they're
blowing out love 94 instead of 103.5 the beat or 94.9 in the smegma.
There are currently four major FM stations catering to black tastes all with prime signals.
105.1, 103.5, 99.1 and 96.5.
Power.
Are these idiots aware that blacks make up less than 20% of the population?
Also in Dade County, the black population has been rapidly dropping recently.
In addition, large chunk of blacks in Dade County are Haitian.
And don't listen to that crap.
They listen to one of the thousands of pirate stations all over the place.
Are there a lot of pirate stations on?
Yeah, big time.
Are they really?
Oh, yeah, everywhere.
What was that nice?
We work our ass off here to try to entertain the public.
And the companies invest millions and millions of dollars in equipment and a great signal and stuff.
And what do we have?
A bunch of people playing pirate radio out there.
Those people ought to be shocked.
All you people with your pirate radio station need to be.
That's right.
Put on a banana boat.
A leaky rubber raft is where you need to be.
And send back to whatever 10th world country you came from.
That's not the way we do it here, eh?
Send them back to Mexico.
321 votes on the poll.
You're not going to get 400 even.
Oh, here we go.
Maria Bartiromo.
Oh, Ron and Santa.
Thank you, fake Maria.
Remember Ron and Santa, ball glass.
So I told you about the dollar.
I need to run and get ready for the closing bell says Maria was a little early for the closing bell.
Honey.
It's a little bit early Maria.
Oh, somebody else emailed me.
Ron and Santa.
Very good.
Although it's a link.
A link.
All is not lost.
Click now for professional data recovery.
What does that mean?
I don't click on any of the links.
You blame me?
And I certainly don't know about obeying the attachments.
Never, never, ever.
It ember its airlines flying to San Francisco raises issues.
The airline, which is run by the government of the oil rich United Arab Emirates, operates by rules far different from those San Francisco espouses.
Emirates flight attendants, for example,
Resa Wall Street Journal piece on the airline says tough rules are enforced, including some that would be deemed discriminatory in the West such as weight requirements and a no pregnancy policy for unwed women.
Further, the paper says openly gay male attendants need not apply.
P-marital sex and homosexuality are both illegal in Dubai.
Well, hubbum and dread, you know what I'm saying?
Hubbubbum.
Bunch of farbicin ragheads.
Scrum.
I know that Sean from Hollywood disappeared real fast after we discovered it was him all along.
I think Sean from Hollywood is the bout zini of our emails.
What do you think?
Oh, I just got an email from him saying what?
George, I missed the first hour of the show, but has an imposter been claiming my identity?
Now, I may have no life, but how empty is one soul to aspire to be me?
By the way, this is the only screen name from which I contact the Neal Rodgers show.
So in other words, Sean's email address, the one that you get all those other polls and everything from is the only email address that he claims to send you email from.
Not.
Okay.
Then how do you know about the poll about sidekicks?
He's the one that sent it to me.
He's the only person that could have known about it because I never mentioned it even.
Unless we've got a psychic Sean imposter out there in radio lane.
The best talent for the Neal Rodgers sports radio 565.
I am the fourth lead.
The biggest man that the best talent is the big L or landy Wells are Gary mornings 5 to 7 sports radio 565.
QAMP sports leader Neal God.
The 95 express northbound lane is now open to use this great feat in transportation engineering.
You must have a sun pass, e-pass, gold pass, gas pass and valid passport.
You will be charged less if you drive a hybrid, electric, hydrogen, steam or turbine powered car.
Horses, goats and big wheels are free.
All other vehicles will be charged a variable rate by the number of additional miles after the first 1.2 miles of pavement is used.
And the special discount will be awarded for cutting across three lanes without looking.
And now these words of wisdom from the top level Dade County Transportation Engineer who designed the single lane flyover.
Do you like it?
Right.
From 31 to 560 WM.
Happy Wednesday to a Georgia's here to take you up till 2 o'clock.
Everybody.
Here's Fat Chris.
He's going to finish the show today.
Well, I ran out of stamps.
You know, it's expensive to mail it in.
And the audience ran out of emails.
Oh, no, no.
Tell me I'm going to be taking calls here.
Maybe they ran out of ink.
What?
Maybe they ran out of ink for the email.
That could be it.
Nothing.
Just those poles up there.
Including one from a shawn.
Well, what sidekick bothers you the most?
I'm positive.
I never mentioned that.
Did I mention that on the air?
I mentioned it again.
No, seriously, I never mentioned that.
So how could the fake joy Reynolds know that there was a pull about the sidekick?
Huh?
I don't know.
Maybe this just forget any grammar.
Oh, my God.
Just obsessed.
Obsessed.
And he denies that he's any of those chronic people, those fake people?
Obsessed.
This is one of your friends from IOD.
Yeah, see you every day.
No, it is.
It's one of your old friends.
Yeah, he was a good guy.
Nice guy.
I don't remember him.
I know.
I remember what's his name from Paxton.
What was that kid's name wanted to move into my house?
I don't know.
I don't remember him.
Oh, JC JP.
JP.
Ever seen?
I wanted it.
I wanted it.
Oh, that was JC.
Yeah.
Or JP.
I don't know.
No, not JP.
Papa want Pablo.
No.
I don't keep track of these guys even with all the hair.
That was disgraceful.
You guys are ripping and looking his shirt up to expose all that fur.
It was fur.
It was like a Sasquatch.
He sure had a pretty face though and a pretty mouth.
But that was JP.
Well, in fact, I think that was him.
I, Papa want Pablo.
That was him.
I mean, that wasn't his voice, but Kenny Gramer says Chris Baker was filling in.
For someone during the week, can't remember exactly who maybe ran to your fill.
I was surprised to find out Chris Baker actually got Charlton Heston to come in, but he was washed up and promoting a book.
So, sure he came in while he was in Miami.
I bet you went Charlton Heston walked in the building. Chris Baker said, oh my God.
And exactly that voice.
Oh my God.
That was his only drop in.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
The context that you said of a bitch who said when Charlton was talking about a different interview,
who asked him if Ronald Reagan had Alzheimer's, still remember who Charlton Heston was.
They were gun-toting Hollywood friends, I guess.
Charlton said something like, I looked up at the guy who asked me about Ron and I said to him, you son of a bitch.
Oh my God.
Son of a bitch.
Right.
Miss Lewis was already gone.
So, I don't know who grabbed the drop.
I didn't.
I think it was whoever was producing the show.
Andy Oranem.
Oh, Kenny Gramer, talk about living in the past.
Oh, there you go.
Oh, talk about needing some psychological counseling.
No, that's a good story.
I'll take his word for it if he remembers it.
Remember Phil used the drop to have an old lady lay on her kitchen floor to help triangulate the signal.
Yes.
Oh, I do remember that because I was actually a holdover from your town.
That was back in the day when Phil was really funny, boy.
He was great.
Are you sure?
And then that was it.
Then he sold his soul to a company store.
Oh, all of a sudden he's a, he was the Jimmy Siphilitic, the only difference being that Phil used to have talent.
That's the big difference.
Jimmy Siphilik never had talent.
I do remember that touchdown pass he caught in the Super Bowl.
Was that against the Redskins or the 49ers?
Redskins, I guess.
It was.
I'll find out.
And I think it was Dan David Woodley through that pass.
I don't think it was Danny Boy.
I'm not sure.
Was it?
I'll find out.
Maybe Jim and Jimmy Siphilitic can regale the audience with that as opposed to his right wing politics every morning.
God.
Look what it did for Phil.
Finish him off.
Are you sure?
Big time.
Finish him off completely.
Outlook expressed nothing.
Nothing just a bunch of polls.
It's one from Sean that Joey Reynolds must have sent in.
341 votes on the pool.
What's our goal?
You never make 400.
100.
500.
You just, you're not goal oriented.
Me?
That's why you're making like four bucks a week.
That was George answering.
What?
That was George answering.
It was 75, daughter from Woodley.
And I believe the copes said the Washington Redskins.
How do you like that?
What did I tell you?
David Woodley.
Is he still dead?
He was a good looking guy too, David Woodley.
Wasn't he?
He was attractive.
No idea.
And then he got some kind of disease out of some kind of,
I don't miss him on usual disease.
Then he died.
Like his skin turned yellow.
Maybe he was turning Chinese.
I'm sure he wasn't turning Japanese.
If he was jealous, that might have been it.
I don't know what he got.
I got something bad and then he died.
I believe I'm right about that.
Am I not going to be bad to say David Woodley's dead?
And then it come to find out he's alive.
Am I positive he's dead?
Chris is out.
I'm looking at him.
Yeah.
David Woodley.
May 24th 2003 died.
Oh.
I got to find out.
Boy, you are slow.
I'm dying.
I'm here.
What did he die of?
Well, I'm sure what he's all about.
Woodley died from complications due to kidney and liver failure.
Yeah.
Maybe it's a roast and some liver.
Maybe that was what it was.
And I certainly wouldn't blame him for that.
Yeah, they lost that game.
It was a 75-year touchdown pass.
David Woodley did Jimmy Syphilitic.
That's what we actually like, Jimmy.
He was a good little receiver, if you know what I mean.
You ferry.
Hey, Jimmy.
Your show blows Jimmy.
That's the requirement.
I haven't heard it yet.
Maybe next time I'm down there, I'll get up early and listen to the Jimmy Syphilitic show on IOD.
That ought to be a real tweet.
I wonder what kind of fabulous guest he's got on.
Maybe Fuddy can come on with him.
There you go.
Talk about where you can find the best salsa in town.
Let's see.
Paul, the fake Paul Castronoa.
Phil Henry was a risk rate.
Can you place him with old stuff?
No.
No.
Paul Castronova.
Hugh says, you suck.
Oh, get out of here.
This is somebody I keep blocking.
He keeps sending me this filthy disgusting fake email.
Oh.
No, you suck.
Okay, that's obvious.
Remember Richard Weinstein with that thing about, does it make you gay if you got the hots for that phony story?
Mm-hmm.
Well, guess what?
We got rid of Dick and Raw.
R-A-W.
His alter ego.
It's like Superman and Clark Kent.
That's what we got here on the email.
Right.
People with alter ego.
The only problem is here they're all sick.
I have no life.
Sick.
Really sick.
Yeah, you suck because you won't read our sick email that we keep deleting on there.
Now you blocked us.
Now we're really upset with you, Mr.
You suck.
Yeah, so that's no bulletin.
21 before 1.
Are we out of here yet or what?
Boy, this show today, oh.
Hate these holidays.
I mean, we want to think if I had like the whole two weeks off, that would be great.
What do you think?
Oh, yeah.
Who's going to do the show?
You.
You bastard.
Tomorrow, Friday, all the next week, Christmas day.
Yeah.
Canuka, right?
The weekends.
Maybe you're there.
Maybe they're distributing some Hanukkah guilt.
I mean, I don't want to say that that sounds crass or anything like that, but it's just,
I don't know.
It's, it's, it makes me feel unclean, you know, what?
Here's some Hanukkah guilt for Channukkah.
I like that word.
Guilt?
Yes.
I reached the wrong wallet and I felt guilty.
Oh, maybe I have a guilty complex about.
Oh, and then they sent a thing around here in my building for all the residents to, uh,
inviting us to send a donation for Christmas guilt for all the help here.
And I guess that's because most of us have been really cheap, you know, and, and there are the concierge and the maintenance people.
They're pretty good people in here, including a couple.
I'd like to get to know real, really much better.
One young Chinese man.
I don't know.
I'm not really sure if he's Chinese or something else.
If he's Chinese or what?
He's certainly not Japanese.
I'll say that.
Okay.
I'm just telling you, man, I can tell a Japanese from a Chinese.
I can't tell you any Chinese.
No speaking English.
The biggest name is the best talent.
Yes.
It's the big dog, Joe Rose.
We're dimming seven at 10.
Where South Florida sports always matters.
Who trained you 5.
60 QAM?
The sports leader.
Get the Hoover out the moon, man.
I'm not really sure if he's Chinese or what?
I'm not really sure if he's Chinese or what?
I'm not really sure if he's Chinese or what?
I'm not really sure if he's Chinese or what?
I'm not really sure if he's Chinese or what?
I'm not really sure if he's Chinese or what?
The reason I played that is I have another email from Alice Rantel.
Okay.
The fake Alice Rantel says, I never cared about the dolphins, but I really like David's
Woodley and Don Strock. They were both okay in my book.
Don Strock was ugly as my ass, okay?
Well, then I want to think about Alice. You know, people who have bad taste, at least they're consistent.
They always have bad taste.
This is the same queen that had Sean Cassidy plastered up all over the cabinets at the old WS News.
Okay. Alice Rantel. Bad taste, but nevertheless.
367 votes. Like I said, the goal is 400.
Just don't get carried away there, Mr. Hochschild. Now, now that they give you like two more weeks, all of a sudden he's a big shot.
450, 500, 20,000.
Just start getting a little more realistic, okay?
So we're is he right here? Oh, there he is.
Neil, the financial bald reporter that used to work in CNBC, he, Al Velge, works for CNN.
No, it wasn't the alley felching, okay, Rudy?
We already got the name. Who the hell was it? Ron and Santa.
Allie, felching. Well, brother, you out of your mind, Rudy or what? You're losing it.
Here is one 10 facts about Miami.
Cleanest air and drinking water in the U.S., only sit in a city bordered by two national parks, Everglades and Biscay and Bay.
Ranks first and unemployment. Ranks fourth and population density behind New York, Frisco and Chicago.
Ranks third and city skylines behind New York and Chicago.
24 hour liquor licenses downtown. No single digit or triple digit temperature ever recorded.
Coldest day with 30, warmer.
Stay with 98. Only once no fall January 20, 77. World's largest cruise port.
10 15 feet below ground lies a natural source of water.
The Biscay and aquifer reaching water at this depth prevents Miami from having a subway.
And that exciting 10 reasons to love Miami.
Don't you love it yet? Oh, yeah, I just gave you 10 reasons.
Thanks all new people. I keep trying to sell me and pedal. Go out and work for the chamber of commerce, okay? My God.
Oh, brother, sick, really sick.
Some of the stuff that's coming in like I want to read this crap on the air.
Same two or three people.
You know, you that I just blocked moments ago. Now he's somebody else.
At any rate, here's one from Mike, exciting new fragrance.
Can't wait for one that smells like the Angus burger with cheese is Mike and for Myers.
A tasty little present for men burger king body spray.
Still can't think what to get him for Christmas. Socks don't cut it anymore.
Fret no longer because burger king is here to help it says the mass pervader of grilled meat is offering for limited time.
Something even better than their usual piles of beef patties.
This week American men were given the chance to smell like their favorite meat snack with a launch of flame.
Burger King's contribution to the perfume perfume market.
FAMING!
Flame. You believe this?
I don't know.
The company described flame as the scent of seduction with a hint of flame-broad meat.
Estonishingly, the elixir cost him your $3.99 by contrast.
One of its competitors, Chanel number five cost more than $80.
Flame, a body spray for men was launched this week online.
And in a selection of US stores, the list of which can be found on the perfumes website, which is named appropriately, FiremeetsDesire.com.
No. Don't you want to smell just like that flaming meat?
Sure.
I mean, you don't have to.
There are prospectifiers.
Agreed with what sounds like a melanger, very white music, and an interactive spray can, which is not disappointingly a mid-array of french fries, but morphs into a photo of Senate candles.
Burger King or the king, as the companies website refers to it, is not the only celebrity perfume on the market this Christmas.
Kate Moss, for one more loadout, be putting up a stern fight with her velvet hour scent.
Flame by B.K. captures the essence of that love and gives it to you.
Behold, now you can set the mood for whatever you're in the mood for, as long as that mood involves meat, presumably.
Well, if you're in the mood, doesn't the mood involve meat?
One can only hope.
The Dow is down 41 point.
Not too exciting.
Just like these emails, not too exciting.
A lot of sick bastards on there, but that's about it.
If you took away all the fakes we had today and all the sick bastards, and we have what?
About five?
From Larry and a couple of different people, that's it, maybe.
Well, because it's Hanukkah and it's Christmas, and it's the time when everybody ought to be on vacation, not sitting here trying to do an entertaining show, or even pretend they're doing one.
Are we pretending?
You bet.
Here's one from Carlos, who says,
I just moved back from New York City for a baby, and I'm going to school down here in the 305.
I've become quite accustomed to public transportation, and I used MetroDade Transit to save gas and avoid wear and tear my vehicle.
I've observed how people in Miami are oblivious to common courtesy's one should have when using public transportation.
Oh, can I interrupt this for a second? Because it's pretty boring.
Remember on Wednesday, we used to do that one to two hour?
Right.
What a scam that was, you know, and nobody ever said a thing.
Some people did.
Huh? Some people did.
Inside the building?
Oh, yeah.
What do they say?
Mailing it in.
And who said that?
I don't remember.
Maybe Claire. Maybe I'm making it up.
I don't know.
You're just making that up.
Yeah, that's it.
Probably Mifo said that.
That third burger.
What a third burger you are, Mifo.
The most annoying in my eyes is how the Metro Rail people exiting the rail are almost trampled by oncoming riders.
For some odd reason when a bus is thrown in the mix, people here wait for riders to exit the bus then enter the vehicle.
For some odd reason no one here can apply the same concept on the Metro Rail.
Try pulling that on the subway in New York City.
See how far it will take you.
Great show, guys.
Keep the faith, fight the power and may the force be with you.
This is Carlos.
Well, thanks, Carlos.
And good luck to you.
Why anybody would come back from New York?
Food and wine, special invitation for food and wine readers.
What is that?
I just got that on my crack bar.
I think that's an American Express magazine.
We try to get it.
I wouldn't read it anyway.
I think the one to two are will take calls today.
Do it.
What do you think?
Well, I mean, there's no more emails.
I'll wait a minute.
Here's one from Jimmy.
No need to buy a fragrance.
Now that's bad, Jimmy.
I can't read that.
They spend a lot of money on this radio station.
I'm not knocking the king or the queen.
These people are just the clueless.
You know, the average schmuck out there is just like,
like that, clueless.
And they're all trying very hard to be funny,
caustic, annoying, whatever, all of these things.
Critiques and complaints.
You let meuranges.com.
One to two hour, either emails or those great phone calls.
How about some bits?
Come on.
Kibbles and bits.
Yeah.
It's only the 17th of December for a while.
It'll give you the fits.
Remember Jimmy Schmitz?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Here's one from...
When you relax...
That's the last.
Jesus, God!
I thought you disappeared, you know?
I'm still here.
Old man like you.
After the break, don't be too sure.
Every sound I hear could be your last.
Hey, Neil, great show.
I've been in listeners since about three years ago.
I love the show.
I think the show is the best thing on radio these days
compared to all the other crap and fakes out there.
At least you enjoy it, speak your minds.
Turn that radio on every day.
Worked here.
That is show.
Keep up the great work.
Happy holidays.
Well, thanks, Mike and back at you.
As Rick Riley would say if he were still on the air,
which he's not because he's a Bozo.
He's his own worst enemy.
Is that a good way to describe him?
Yep.
Rick Riley, his own worst enemy.
I remember when he went into a Disney, or was it Bob Green?
For me to negotiate his deal there?
Oh, I'm just as good as Neil.
I deserve whatever he's making.
That's what I want.
Whatever he's making, that's what I want.
Those are almost his exact words because it was told to me.
I say it was repeated.
And of course, suds, he can get a few thousand, you know, like...
Fuck, good man.
He really treated him badly.
Yes, he did.
Even the bird made more money than he was getting suds.
He'd go in and negotiate the deal.
And let's say, let's just pick a number.
Get like a half a million bucks for the whole show.
He'd take 470,000 to give 30,000 to suds.
And then the interesting part of it is that everybody loved suds.
And a lot of people hated Rick like poison, not to mention any names, George.
Pfft.
The biggest names.
The best talents.
You don't like unless you're fast.
Fortress, your 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest names.
The best talents.
Right!
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
My, my, my mA.
Fort Latterdale.
It's not just the one to two-hour. It's a phenomenon.
It's not just the one to two-hour.
There's a lot of things that we can't do.
There's a lot of things that we can't do.
There's a lot of things that we can't do.
There's a lot of things that we can't do.
There's a lot of things that we can't do.
There's a lot of things that we can't do.
There's a lot of things that we can't do.
There's a lot of things that we can't do.
There's a lot of things that we can't do.
There's a lot of things that we can't do.
There's a lot of things that we can't do.
There's a lot of things that we can't do.
There's a lot of things that we can't do.
There's a lot of things that we can't do.
Okay.
It sums up most of this crap, the calls, the emails.
Jimmy says, I'm not trying to be funny or caustic.
I'm just hoping to have my pathetic existence acknowledged.
I'm just hoping to have my pathetic existence acknowledged.
Is that perfect or what?
Is that perfect or what?
So far so good.
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
Oh, here's one.
Fake, earthly, Bailey writes.
Just saw a norm at the courthouse.
I got to say the guy looks great.
Healthy and actually younger.
He must be in his 50s.
But whatever he's taking is working for him.
I'm glad Norma was real nice to me when I was starting out in my solo law practice in 1986.
He's all right with me.
PS, you should try the sopranos.
No, I will not try the sopranos.
I've tried. I don't want to see it.
Here's another person trying to tell me what I should watch, how I should do my life, etc.
I'm not interested in the sopranos.
It is not for me.
It's like a fake Godfather.
And Godfather, you don't mess around and run a fake Godfather.
Let me tell you that right now.
Oh, I disagree with the earth.
I have nothing to do with the Godfather.
I have nothing to do with the Godfather.
It was nothing like the Godfather.
They didn't try to be the Godfather.
Good.
What I saw, that had no white stuff.
I don't like it.
If you like it great, just like there are a lot of people like the Ellen Show.
Watch it, enjoy it.
I will not watch it.
See, unlike a lot of these idiots out there, there are a lot of these no-life losers.
I don't sit and watch something and then, oh gee, I hate that so much.
I mean, sometimes I'm forced to watch something because I don't have control of their remote.
Like, oh, double shot of love.
It's another shot of love.
Seriously, MTV is so evil that it needs to be, there needs to be an H-bomb,
whoever they're originating from.
I think you secretly like that show.
No, I don't.
Well, what is there to like about it?
There's certainly no hot people on there of any variety.
There's nothing but a bunch of kfetchy, nasty, whiny people.
I've got all these tattoos.
I know you don't like me.
I go out of my way to look grotesque.
I mean, some of us look grotesque without making any effort at all.
You know, we don't have to go out of our way.
But people will go the extra nine yards to look gruesome and grotesque.
You've got a shot of love.
You've got a shot of love with some ugly pasty-dike.
Okay, let's get these phones cranked, baby.
Otherwise, George is right.
It's all bits till two o'clock.
397 on a pole.
I don't know what you got.
You got a shot of 450.
Do you really think I don't...
Let's just keep with 400.
We know we got that made, I think.
Okay.
Oh, the fake Paul Kranak, I'll cast an Overs back.
I actually really like the reconciled show on WIOD.
My favorite bits were news from around the planet.
Wheel of meat and the famous pay for own challenge with Marvin and Adam.
Do you know if their pothead chronic Ted was the real deal?
It was a cop.
That was the story.
I never knew SUDs was treated so bad.
I thought everything was 50-50.
Is Rick still married to the cheerleader?
I don't know and I don't care.
I don't care, Radio Yanta.
I don't know and I don't care.
Yeah, SUDs was treated like a schlub.
Treated very, very badly.
Right.
And what a shame.
I mean, what a good guy.
What a mention.
And the treated like he was like a doily, like a armrest.
Not like a real part of the show.
And that was Rick because Rick had a massive ego down 45 points on the dial.
And you know that thing that people would say, great show SUDs.
That would drive Rick nuts.
What do they say?
Great show SUDs.
They would call up and say great show SUDs.
And it would drive Rick.
Or SUDs and Rick's.
Yes.
Are you trying to say that Rick had a big fat ego?
Or you just said I would just say that.
You did.
I'm piling on.
Right.
QAM Hello.
QAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
WQAM Hello.
friend. I'm your friend. Yeah. And my friend. And I don't know. What thing? Q. I. Am. Hello.
Q. I. Am. Yeah. Can I talk to you? You're on your feet. Speaking. Yes. Hey, what are you doing? I'm doing a listener
combing a dash. Yeah. Yeah. Yesterday you were talking about the witchcraft thing. I mean, I hate to say this.
It does exist. Even though I mean, I believe in science and all that, but there's a hole in
around the world outside of science, which hand up the heart to explain. Now let's see. You'll
he be Gb you said it. No, it's not really. He'd be Gb, but it does work. I mean, you know, there is
a book. No, there's no thing. No, there's no, there's no. Yeah, sure. Our name. You know, you, you know, he, he, let me ask you
something. How long have you been away from Bangladesh? How about Virginia? And it isn't working,
is it? Uh, yeah, I'm. I'm going back. I'm going back. I'm going to want to know what's left of your
breath. I found where you had to go back. You fit in like a rubber glove. Brack, I'm. That's right.
400 votes on our pool. And I don't even care what it is, you know, we just did it.
Well, people are under a lot of a lot of stress. They don't have any money. They're all fired. They
lost their homes. And yet they're still compelled to go out and buy gifts for the holiday season.
Right. Gifts and gifts and more gifts in presence and Hanukkah, Gelt and all of this, all this stuff.
All of these things. They don't have time to patch here on with us. WQ AM. Hello.
Now that George is getting ready to be out from the QAM. Hello.
Yeah, you know what? Just shame. You know, those intelligent guy in the radio down here.
You got some unintelligent listeners that last guy's taken flying lessons in Del Rey.
All right. Great show, man. Okay. Thanks.
She's trying to suggest that the people from Bangladesh are much of terrorists.
Don't worry about that guy. I got all the terrorists in my building here.
Keeping an eye on them are you? Oh, yeah. Well, one thing about that is that maybe we'll be safe.
Although I doubt it. They do like to blow up their own building. Do they?
Those are they blow up in the cell. They're kind of like Ron Jeremy. You know, they
409 votes on the pool. I think we can make 450, but I don't care.
I don't know why you're complaining. The weather this year is fairly typical.
What am I complaining about? Who's complaining? All the all these misfits out there.
They're trying to like transfer their unhappiness to me. You're unhappie. You're this.
I'm not the least bit unhappy. I'm not complaining.
For Toronto normal temps are December, daily, mean minus three, January, minus six,
February, and also during the winter, normal hours of sunshine about two and a half hours or whatever.
Who cares? It's got a whole chart here with all the stats from environment.
Again, who cares? I'm not complaining. It's sunny. It's beautiful.
No complaints from this old faggot.
But that's how Florida for you.
The never ending.
The sound of misery.
The video.
Hello. Yes.
Have you guys ever seen that show on FX called It's Always Sunny and Philadelphia?
No. That is the funniest, biggest show you've ever seen.
You got to watch it.
I got it.
Well, George would like it. I'm sure I don't know. It's sick. Funny.
You know, you feel kind of bad.
Last me had everything they make fun of. It's almost as good as your show there.
Almost. Okay. Thanks.
Bye. Bye.
Thousand down 24 points. It's not doing too much today.
Although that loony is making a little bit of a move and the dollar is dropping like Iraq.
Wow. Not good.
Thanks so much, Mr. President, for screwing up the whole world.
Thanks for your depression. Thanks for getting raped with those gas prices for months and months and months.
Thanks for the dead people in Iraq. Thanks for all your wonderful things.
And there are still idiots who still kiss his ass.
Yep.
WDQAM. Hello.
Neil, any chance of playing the car that dude ripping the birds from my 20 years ago?
No.
No. QAM. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
What's going on?
What do you got?
Lou, this is Reverend Jones.
WDQAM. Hello.
I'm holding it for Anita Marks.
One thing about Reverend Jones is he does the worst actions,
accents in the history of mankind.
Not only are his calls some of the worst ever,
but he's got a lot of things to do with him.
Here's somebody desperately trying to fake Rod Blackway of it,
trying to be funny, very, very weak.
Don't waste your time with any more fake emails, okay?
Today, 413 on the poll, I think we can make 450.
Chris.
Hold on, we can go. We can go.
If we can make 450, Chris gets a reprieve.
Four nights leave.
He gets your full heart.
The best town of school.
This is Neil Rogers.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
Yeah, man.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Where are you, Rutte?
Back in.
Good morning.
Good morning, Jal.
How you doing?
Are you okay?
Could be better.
Say you were telling me you had more personnel cuts to compensate our losses on this all sports only sickness.
Yes.
You smell that?
Smell what?
Jal.
We have a woman working here.
Just Allison.
One is too many.
This is a sports station.
We're supposed to be manly.
What's short, but she hasn't done anything really wrong.
We have no room for an open wound.
Sorry.
Fine.
Well, I'm the boss.
Here's the keys to the playground.
Thank you, John.
Gotta go.
116 and 560.
I'm happy Wednesday to you.
I think I'm taking off to until January 2.
Yeah.
Actually, I'm on vacation that week too, so I'll tell whatever it is.
A few months.
Here's an email from Keith Jock.
Hi, Neil. What do you consider good material?
Because it seems some callers have something to say.
Stress some, but you act so disinterested in what they're saying.
And which caller would that be?
Keith.
Do you remember anybody who called today who had something to say?
No.
How about the kid with his, uh, court with his, uh, Mustang?
Yeah, there you go.
That's called today.
Which I find funny literally only, uh, thing you seem to be really interested in is the fake emails.
Oh, I like the fake email.
There's a lot better than most of the callers. That's correct.
What kind of material would you be satisfied with?
What kind of content do you want?
Just asking because sometimes you can be bitchy at times, which I also find funny.
And also can you translate some of those Jewish words for a brother?
No, I cannot.
I'm a darkie. Don't understand that Schmidt.
And don't be calling you to know Schmidt.
Keep up the good work, homie.
I love to show just another complaint and critic.
Okay, thanks.
Alright.
Keith Jock.
Sounds like a, um, Haitian to me, doesn't it?
It does.
So the French name, Keith Jock.
Sounds like Creole.
What's that whole thing with that cage on thing?
What what is that?
What about it?
It's New Orleans crap.
Right.
Yeah.
French, uh, French influence.
Oh, Southern comfort.
Yes.
If you want to see a movie that'll tell you all you need to know about Louisiana.
I need to know about dumb people.
Watch Southern comfort.
Dumb and dumb.
Or that's New Orleans for you, man.
428 votes on the poll.
Where do you expect to be in your life a year from now at the end of 2009?
428 on there.
No different than my life now 146.
Richard 71 in a new job 53.
Poor 49 in a relationship with somebody new 25.
Fatter around the middle, bald around the top 22.
Wishing I was dead 17 living in the cardboard box 13 out of work 12 dead nine.
Nully married 7 newly divorced 4 out of 434.
Oh, we'll make the 450 easy.
It's a breeze man.
It's a breeze between your knees.
You got it made.
You got to lift.
All right.
Put it under without fat Chris without his enthusiastic support for the near Rogers poll.
You know it.
WDQ.A.M.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hey, Neil.
Yep.
Hey, how's it going?
All right.
Cool, cool.
I just wanted to, was I can see.
Yeah, I'm just I'm really happy to be on the show.
God, I've been trying forever to call you.
Well, who are you?
Here's your chance.
Here's your day.
Yeah, I hope I don't blow it.
Yeah.
I was going to say, I mean, I've been listening to your show for a long, long time.
And your show reminds me of the cartoon show that I used to love when I was a kid.
Runnin' to the movie show.
Yeah.
It's just like the same way, like the style, the stick.
It's like all the same.
Well, we can't play the Farts anymore other than that.
I know that.
Fuck that freaking suck.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Great show though.
Okay.
I guess we all hit it at the same time.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, no.
I do well.
Oh, that's the way we all people talk.
That's right.
I mean, they can say that on Sirius, and there's a, there's, there's a schlock stock, is 15 cents,
and they're going to be out of business by the end of 2009.
That's one of my fearless predictions is that Sirius XM will fold the attempt.
And how it will take his $8 trillion and run off into the sunset.
And everybody else who stuck on there, like Alice Bennett.
Look at that.
The emails have just stopped.
They just absolutely stopped.
Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
Bad.
It's bad.
Although you got all these calls right in you.
Oh, yeah.
And they're really good.
QAM.
I think you got it.
I don't know.
So they are good.
QAM.
Hello.
I'd like to focus eyes out.
Me too.
With sharp fingernails.
Yes.
Excuse me a little bit.
I'm a little nervous.
Yeah.
Nevertheless.
QAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey, this is your salesman from Mercedes and Toronto.
How you doing today?
Okay.
Hey, are you enjoying your new car?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And we didn't realize you were at home on Neil.
We're going to take a car back.
Oh, okay.
I'll drive it through the show window today.
We don't sell it to the homeless Neil.
Yeah.
Bring it back.
I'll pop back to the back seat.
I'll pop back to the back seat.
WDQYM.
Hello.
Hey, I don't know what you think.
You're kidding over there.
You love the Reverend Jonathan and the Boyce Friend.
Hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
So regarding the shoe throwing bush imps of them.
You found it funny, I take it, correct?
I thought it was great.
Okay.
Well, it's funny because the guy threw a shoe or because it was bush.
Both.
I agree.
If the guy threw the shoe, if someone threw the two shoes at Barack Obama,
would you find it funny or insulting?
Insulting.
Well, it would be the reasons to throw shoes at Obama.
He's not even in the office yet.
Just throwing a shoe is funny, though.
No matter who it is.
Okay, well, on the head, you're a fundramer and a sumer in it.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Good afternoon, sir.
Good afternoon, sir.
Are you there?
Or what happened to Leicester Oak?
You don't see him around the water?
No, that's not what I said at all.
I see him all the time.
Okay.
I said Leicester Holt should be the anchor on the NBC evening news.
And not Brian Williams.
I don't disagree.
I just was saying that he signed apparently a big contract with NBC.
I don't want you, but it says the weekend today shows.
But the nightly news and Saturday and Sunday and whenever Matt Lauer is off,
he, which is a lot, he apparently.
I'm going to use for a Matt Lauer, couldn't kiss Leicester Holt's ass.
I agree with you.
Matt Lauer is a lightweight to say the best.
And talk about having no self-respect.
They bring Tom Cruise back on there and kiss each other's cheeks.
Oh my God.
You fair.
I didn't see it, but I heard about it.
Can you believe that?
Yep.
And Tommy's going out of a well, I don't know who that was last year.
That wasn't me.
That's not how I am.
I don't act that way.
That's not who you are.
You fair.
Who you kidding, Tommy?
You flaming faggot.
I'm so sick and tired for you know, Murf Griffin wasn't bad enough.
He had billions of dollars.
Tommy probably don't have billions yet, but he's got,
I'm sure hundreds of millions of dollars, maybe a billion.
Who the hell knows?
Talk about overpaid talent.
Everybody in the business, everybody with a brand.
It's like your governor there, Limpress Chris.
Yay.
All these closet people, man.
Murf Griffin was one of the worst though.
And he kept getting sued with all these like Danny Terry on.
All these people kept suing him for sexual harassment.
And what they would do when you got a lot of money like that,
you can take people and make them into like nothing.
You know, I'm just destroyed them.
Catholic church heard of that trick.
Kind of like what they've done to us here at QAM.
440 votes on the pool.
Fat Chris, we're going to make 450.
How do you like that?
All right.
Alice Rantell, the fake one, says,
didn't you Rick Riley, Suds Coleman and Johnny Dork all work for WKX,
Y and Sarasota?
Oh.
This is Alice.
Yeah, Ann.
Ann.
Not at the same time.
And I worked there for two weeks for bug packs and never got paid.
Remember, I told him that when we met,
remember we had that big meeting when I already got sold to the person.
And I was introduced to him and I said,
hey, you still owe me for two weeks in Sarasota.
Oh, I don't remember you ever working for me in Sarasota.
Oh, yeah, right.
Another good born again Christian.
But lucky told me that's on a pile of crap.
WQAM, hello.
Gathering you.
Yes, sir.
Hey, long time listener here.
Joe, the show got a question for you and maybe your listeners out there.
I don't know if you or George, or whatever you guys experienced,
any of your credit card companies closing,
closing the business and basically canceling your credit cards.
No.
Do you know, or is anybody out there knowing maybe you could email some information?
Does that affect your FICO score?
Do they report it as a negative?
Is it as a negative credit card?
How are you going to do if they're out of business?
Well, sometimes they'll just say closed accounts.
And that'll give you a negative score on your FICO depending on how they report it.
I just want to know if anybody's experienced that on a negative way.
Okay, well, I'm sure we'll get some really intelligent emails about that.
I hope so.
Because the college depends what it is, you know?
Good.
I'll get it, pal.
All right, man.
How be holidays?
You're saying to you.
There's a good guy told that some of these calls are pretty nice.
Wow.
If you take 100, you might get one.
No, that's right.
If you take 50,000, you might get one real call in Sarasota.
Because the average mentality is, and then all you clowns out there sending me all these lists of reasons why all my amy are so wonderful.
Great.
If you enjoyed, good luck to you.
I'm happy for you.
I enjoy it here.
I'm happy as a pig in slop.
The biggest name.
The best talent strip is in your projects.
4.005.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
So the biggest name is a best talent.
It's a G.A. show.
4.005.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The U.
And now a message from Oprah Winfrey.
Oh, hi.
I'm taking a break from telling you how to live your life to enjoy this double-wapper with extra cheese.
Oh, this is so good.
Oh, my God.
Onion rings.
Oh, my God.
I gotta tell Baroque to get onion rings in the wide house.
I'm coming.
Oh, I would kill for some Dunkin' Donuts and maybe a pizza.
You know, if I keep eating like this, I'll never fit on the cover of my magazine.
Hey, is that a board shop?
Oh, come on.
Come on.
This has been a message from Fat Oprah, who is too busy eating to be a centimonyist bitch.
Hey, man.
130 at 5.60 WQM.
We got the...
The important stuff.
Come on.
We got the big O.
The big O.
How many QAM?
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, the whole Christmas daddy.
The Paco.
Hey, dude.
Bye-bye.
Die.
Die for Christmas.
Die for Dainu.
When is he gonna croak already?
That's it enough.
Oh, God.
5.607 05.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Although it's not the Ford...
It's in its Ford season.
I just discovered this comedy several months ago.
It says, the Fony Werner Climperer.
It's on the FX cable network.
It's another vote for its always sunny in Philadelphia.
So it's under most people's radar.
It's a hysterical show about four A-holes running an Irish pub in Philadelphia.
The four have no redeeming qualities, which cheat each other without a second thought.
The comedy comes from watching their schemes to take advantage of the others fall apart
and backfire on them.
None of the characters are politically correct.
And they regularly lampoon minorities, welfare,
Arab-Israeli relations, homosexuality, etc.
Its rated mature, so language is a little rougher than here on mainstream TV.
Good.
One warning.
The FX network had a dandy divider to the cast in the second season.
But don't let that turn you off the show.
Divido's part is generally small, I believe that.
And all the original creators are still there making one of the funniest shows on TV.
It's always sunny in Philadelphia, okay?
Got it?
Got it.
You're not going to watch it.
Nope.
Oh, it's good.
Like I'm not going to watch to use some pranos.
I've seen it in a couple of times.
It's pretty good.
And at least it's the best show I've ever seen.
I've never seen it in a table.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, I'm Goliath.
Yes, sir.
Do you need George to find your young boy, so he could settle down?
Yeah.
There's so many years on the air.
It's time for you to settle down.
Yes, settle this.
Okay, thank you.
Yes, settle down, Schmuck.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi, I enjoy your show mentally.
I'm not one of the comics or anything like that.
Well, thank God for that.
We got 455 votes on Chris's pool.
We did 450.
Oh, right.
And I'm still bad that Chris is leaving.
But I just wanted to tell you two things.
Happy holidays to everybody there.
Same to you.
Same to you.
And I just wanted to tell you that yesterday,
when I was listening to the mad dog,
he said that Jimmy Ceppler was one
eight game show host a long, long time ago.
Yes, true.
And so I didn't know if you knew that, though, it's a worm.
And the other thing is, is they also keep advertising
that if we couldn't get on the radio station,
they're having a fan, like a fan,
a cool, a certain number,
and you've been, I prefer not hyperventilate,
but you've been fed all the sports on the show.
What does that mean?
No, what I'm saying is that,
that if they're cutting back,
why are they keep promoting,
like what I'm saying is,
if you can't get on the, on,
like, Jimmy show your show,
or anybody at the station,
there's a certain number that they're going to give out,
eventually they said,
that you can crawl,
and you can come, you know,
if you have any complaints about the station,
or anything about the sports on the station
or any of your teams.
And what is it?
No, I was just saying that it's said
that I don't mean to be a gramma.
I don't think that's on this stage,
never heard that.
Maybe another one of you.
That is, it is, we're running that?
Yeah, we have a promo about a fan line or something like that.
Yeah, that's what they are.
Well, don't pay any attention to it,
because they don't care anyway.
I know, I'm really excited.
Never read holiday.
You too.
Bye.
So, what is it that's a promoting?
It's a fan line or something like that,
where you can basically call and leave a voicemail,
and if they like it, they'll play it one day during the week or something.
And what does that mean?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Oh, here's one from the fake Jack Par.
Came back from the day.
You're moving up?
Just like Mama came back in that movie.
I was telling you about it.
You really, really able to see that.
I will.
Neil, have you seen the new 790 website?
I think once Joe Bell sees it,
court of some beyond on the street looking for work as his work is much inferior.
Well, his works inferior to anything.
See, the one thing that these guys across the street don't understand,
we are not trying to emulate them.
We already do badly enough without trying to emulate them with numbers like point with the,
we're not trying to emulate them.
And so, the bastard kicks the number there in afternoon because the mad dog's been following two hours of dead air
for months and months and months.
The jerk show was that that was about the end for us.
We don't give a crap, at least on this show.
We don't care about their website, about their birthday party, about their stupid crap.
Nobody cares.
I've heard it and believe you me, it is sad about their interviews with all these subpar celebrities.
Who cares?
So here's the fake Jack Par who says,
I love to watch this celebrity rehab reality shows on cable.
I'd like to get a group together for just one of those shows.
You could be the host, others in the circle would include Alan Burke, Steve Kane,
the great Lee Fowler, Bill Calder, Alice Rantell, Paulie Castronova, and of course, Sunny Fox.
Maybe we should even include Lee Baby Sims and the Bird.
The group could pontificate on the pros and cons of great talk radio and how it's devolved into a muck of far leftist and far writers.
Maybe George can give a show involving all the great board ops of all time.
Unfortunately, the only two I know are Clarence and Brian, Steve Kane's adopted son.
I didn't include Phil Henry because he didn't do topics and we all know you must do topics.
Guess what? We don't do topics either.
Your friend, Jack Par.
Oh, 20th or 4 minutes, not that I'm counting out.
My shirt on, my pantaloonies, my shoes, the sun is shining, the sun shines over well by, baby.
That's right. Not that we're counting.
We got 460 votes on that poll.
You know, again, just two days in a row.
If you'd have really put the big push on, we've gotten 500 a day.
If you'd have pushed it, oh, well, pushed it.
You know, who talks like that?
How it's smelly burger.
Howard Schmellie burger.
There's a real creep.
Mr. Rogers, you have a problem with our program.
Yeah, yeah, don't call me at home, Howard.
Mr. Schmellie burger.
I've told that story too many times.
He's just a, and one thing about people who smoke pipes like Luke Cron and Howard Schmellie burger.
There's something weird about guys who smoke a pipe, you know that?
Okay.
I've gone through those phases in my life when I was supposed to smoke in Stogies.
I would try a pipe.
Right.
I did my time with the pipe for a while.
Yeah.
And I'm not talking about the kind you're talking about.
No, me either.
Oh.
And it just, what a good way to get like lip cancer and tongue cancer.
Just burns the hell out of your mouth.
Yes.
I do like a good pipe.
Do I like some good wacky tobacco?
Not the kind you smoke.
I don't see it like wild cherry.
Like real kinds of those, those are the ones that have a lot of bite to them.
Those are the things like that.
They bite.
Yes.
What was the, what were the, what were the, the lights remember those cigars?
Mm hmm.
They were made of like a paper and they give you like a faster tumor.
Same old thing.
That's the Lord for you know.
Everything that you're like is bad for you and going to kill you and all of these things.
Biggest name.
Thanks God.
And Rogers.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The.
Fourth.
The big thing.
The best talent.
It's the big O or Land of Elzo Gary.
Afternoon.
Two to four.
What's for you 560 QAM.
The.
Sports.
This is WQAM where they're very buildable and they don't come.
Any better than Todd Keller.
This year.
Ring in the holiday season with a voice that rings as clear as a jingle bell.
It's a macy grey Christmas.
It's a macy grey Christmas.
Macy sings all her you will type favorites like.
Hide the hell in your hand.
And this indescribable classic.
You.
You.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas is available at your local KMAT.
All right.
16.2.560 WQAM.
We got the big O.
Come on a little bit to you.
You know who's under a lot of pressure for Friday when those trends come out?
Who?
I just said his name.
The big O.
Yeah, because we're going to see if the two to four segment actually like improves any.
After jerks.
How many months was jerks on by the way?
Too many.
Whatever the answer is.
Too many.
Was it on the better part of a year?
Yeah, just sort of.
No, not the better part of a year.
The Worcester part of a year.
The better part of a year.
Like a Massachusetts Worcester.
That show was just god awful.
So let's see if you know now that we got the big O on there for a while.
Let's see if we can boost it up a little bit.
What do you think?
He.
A pucylinus pussy footer.
One of my regular chronics sends me this.
He says the movie The Sweet Hereafter was directed by Adam Egoian, a Canadian of Armenian extraction.
Yeah, I remember that.
Egoian.
Adam the goyum.
Yeah.
The movie was mildly interesting, but it was over hyped.
It was in no way deserving of all the praise that was lavished on it.
And you are absolutely correct.
Egoian is actually a much better stage director.
He's done a lot of critical work in both North America and Europe.
And by the way says pussy footer.
There's a large Armenian community in Toronto.
Oh.
How can you tell?
What do Armenians look like?
Turks.
I don't know.
What did Turks look like?
Cut a swarvy.
Oh.
Got a tan.
What do they look like?
Kind of swarvy.
You can pick almost any country in the world.
And there's a large community in Toronto.
The engine people, Chinese man, Korean Filipinos.
They're all here.
In closing, here's the best part of this email.
Attach please find a photo of Matt Castle to brighten your day.
It's a nice smiling photo.
Thanks, footer.
I can't say the other part.
No.
Two-cell animus.
Thanks, you.
You're fair.
Right.
Look at that.
It's only minus one.
It's going to go up to zero and sunny.
See, I'm not complaining at all.
What's wrong with that?
And let me say it again.
The thing with the weather.
The northern weather.
Uh-huh.
It's not the temperature.
It's the wind.
Yeah.
Oh, the windshield's minus eight.
Like I said, I'm complaining.
Fine.
I say, well, that's not great.
But it's not like where you saw one.
I saw a windbreaker there.
Uh-uh, nice jacket.
A coat.
I have a coat.
I have a coat of arms.
478 on the pool.
You know something?
We really could have easily made 500.
You really let us down today, mister.
Hey, don't get up at the Saturday.
The high is going to be minus six.
Ooh.
I'm complaining.
Fourth arrest in Swinger's sex event.
Oh, boy.
George might be interested in this.
Well, I wasn't there.
So in other words, if you weren't there, you're not interested.
I don't know.
I was a swinger.
You want to kiss the ground that you went there, mister.
You want to kiss the freaking ground.
Tell us about it.
Well, I'll tell you as soon as I print this stupid thing out.
Oh, and by the way, I didn't work it.
Whatever that station was.
I worked at WYND in Sarasota.
The big wind.
WYND.
That was Buddy Buds station in Sarasota.
So I don't know where Ricken says it worked at the other one.
I don't know who worked at YND,
but I worked there for two weeks.
So Alice, get your crap right.
Okay, Alice?
God, all these radioiantis, I think they know something.
Windsor locks.
Where is Windsor locks?
I don't know.
Connecticut.
Okay.
Well, the person who sent this, uh, John P. Hopping.
Who I'm going to be hopping mad if he was there.
He's an Avon Connecticut.
Windsor locks.
Wild sex at a recent swingers net of the Beverly Hills sweets bar
has spawned the arrest of a fourth person.
Lisette Malucci, 36.
I wonder if she's kind of Louis Palucci.
Kuchi, kuchi.
Don't bet on Louis Palucci.
Of Simsbury's schedule appearance appeared in N.F.
this month after her arrest on the weekend on charges of 70 in public indecency.
Captain Chester DeGrey said this morning.
I wonder if he's kind of a Chester Arraile.
She's scheduled appearance appear in N.F.
She's scheduled on December 22.
Malucci is married to Nicholas Malucci, the events organizer.
Nicholas Malucci, manager of Hot Couples Party's LLC in Simsbury,
was arrested on the same charges last week.
He's a corrections officer signed with the McDougal Walker Corrections Student Suffield.
Cherock Jacoby, 46 of Great Nick, New York, owner of the Beverly Hills sweets,
and Brian B. True.
Oh, Brian Middle-Nissle B.
Last name, true.
Brian B. True, 42 of Granby, the license for many of the bar.
Club 91 were charged with accessory to obscenity and public indecency.
The arrest following November visit by undercover town police and state liquor control agents,
they found some of the swingers engaging in oral sex and in the bar.
Oh, my God.
Oh, you've got to be schmitten me.
Have the sexual activity which was between consenting adults occurred in a hotel room.
It would have been illegal police said.
Chester DeGrey said Wednesday morning, even though the bar was closed in public during the event,
it was considered a public place because it has a liquor permitting said, oh, brother.
You know, when I think it is all that activity, I think it's none of their damn business, right?
The police.
But that's America for it's a police state.
We still got a bunch of calls on here.
Let's see if there's any more emails, you know, emails first call second.
Always no more no new emails and that poor guy that called in about his credit rating and stuff.
Nobody responded to that.
No, but two intellectual for this crowd.
Nobody QA and hello.
So what I think is QA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Hey, what's up?
How's it going?
Anyway, I was going to say with George Bush and his administration, that horrible freaking regime,
they only got like a month left.
Like I'm just thinking, man, I'm just really like horrified.
Like I don't know what, like I don't know what kind of conspiracy is going to be going up next.
Just like try to show America and the world that all of these terrorists, like, oh man, they're crazy.
There's like just like 9-11.
Like we all know that was a freaking conspiracy.
They only did that.
So they can, you know, if we can attack the Middle East and make us look bad.
And who's like especially now when like a lot of the Americans now,
like, you know, they're kind of losing confidence and the Republicans and Bush.
What are you saying, George?
Stop saying like.
I wouldn't be surprised if they freaking like, you know, attack L.A. or something just to make this, you know,
and then, you know, I didn't blame it on the freaking terrorists.
Yeah.
And then you can't freaking, okay, freaking like, yeah, quit freaking saying that.
What?
What are you not going to do?
I mean, Chris, we're playing a drinking game.
We had to drink a drink every time, like I said, like, and I'm already on the table already here.
Well, let me ask you one question about that call.
Do you like it?
Maybe I do.
485 and a pool.
Oh my God. We got nine minutes and we could, we could sneak in that 500.
If we had a real big push, if like how it's not like we would say if we pushed it, push it.
Let's go everybody.
Let's go 15 votes in.
Yeah, you're, oh, make me all happy.
No, it's not going to make me happy.
It'll save your job.
Wish them luck on the way to Woodbun.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Mr. Rogers.
QAM, hello.
Yes.
I just got another rating book to 790.
I beg your pardon?
I just got another rating book.
Sid Rose, baby.
Sid blows.
Yeah.
You would say it blows.
Sid sucks.
You would say it blows.
Yeah.
Sid the kid stinks.
A loped in New York with him.
Okay, when he goes back to the serious, one of these people are going to do if he really goes back to New York.
Nothing?
And by the way, speaking of ratings books, when's he going to get a number larger than a two?
Is it possible?
No.
No.
No.
No.
I doubt it very serially.
He's got no numbers.
This is the only guy or one of the few guy, I guess Mr. Ego is the same thing.
Talk a big game and his, his suck, sucklings talk a big game.
And yet never has a number.
Never has a number.
Oh, he's great.
He does wonderful.
And he has these big, famous important.
And he never had a number.
He never made the needle move on the Richter scale because he sucks since he infected this market, man.
And believe you, me, the day that he leaves, they'll pack him two salami sandwiches over there across the street.
487 on the pole.
487.
Oh, very jackass fake says from the I and Z days.
You remember Stan brought an E.J. to sing?
I did it my way to you on your last day.
You still have the song?
No, we don't.
I don't remember it.
I don't have it.
From the I and Z days this before I went to Zeta.
I'd like a real stage with a real signal and kicked major bloody ass.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
This is no Roger.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The big fourth leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the big dog Joe Rose.
Sweet good morning, seven days.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
New God.
Dead dead dead.
Someday you'll be dead.
All right.
Dead dead dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
I'm dying out again.
The minute we're born we start dying.
We die a little more every day.
Absolutely.
Younger old Richard Poor.
There's nothing we can do to stop it.
So we look long at that Christmas tree.
It may be the last one that you see.
Degrate your house in green and red.
Someday you'll be dead.
All right.
Dead dead dead.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
It might have been in a couple months or 50 years from now.
But no matter when it happens it will seem too soon to you.
Yes.
So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle in to bed.
That you thank God for your family.
Because someday they'll be dead.
Oh.
Dead dead dead.
Someday they'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Who knows how many Christmas is left in their short life?
Nobody knows that's my point.
Enjoy the while you can.
And so my Christmas morning led good tidings for you.
What a festive season.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Someday we'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Everyone you know dead.
A very Merry Christmas to you.
Dead dead dead.
Oh.
Merry Christmas everybody.
Bye bye bye.
The biggest names of the best calendar.
And your home for Miami Dolphins football.
Sports radio 560 WQAM.
Miami.
For the lot of days.
But if I am guilty of anything it is of giving all that I have to give.
My penis, my buttocks, my lower torso, thighs and any other error that they wanted to help children all over the world.
New ferry.
