Your darker than ground, then your vocal and your mouth round back
Makes it more upon those raining clouds in bands
Will it hold a pattern, or when you go like it's rigged for bush too
Within a last-nightest time, don't let the ashes
The opans grew as a man
Calm down!
Chaudine bite!
Posit,せかった!
Our wheels and legs還有 four vehicles
The 7th division just passed out
Do you feel ready to eat your meal?
No!
Don't forget about your boy, BA
What is your boy?
Mine is Black
Yeflaul
Don't you know how my F楽 is like?
It looks very similar to Budapest
So what's not to like he's a broadcaster? Yes, he is which for us is a little out of our league
Okay, let's see nighttime sediment night persons 2554
I don't see I asked anywhere look at that of course there's a lot of other crap in there too don't forget
We got that dolphin tune out two hours
And we got that high school crap
I just keep looking here and looking I don't see it okay. I am there. It is on the 85 page a point from a point eight to a point nine
We're doing it. That a boy
Time for 27th and 2554 so you don't I think it's like a one eight
Now let's see a man maybe man sediment I mean 18 plus you think is looking a little bit stronger hope seven in the night
What do you think? I'm looking at it right now you don't know I say you're audio mom be man
No speaking English all them old Julios are listening to the radio and I think they're glue to it
Fidelis dead Fidelis dead
Bapabapapa like that, you know wax. He's got a 3 one at night time for 11
Scar America's 17th with a two five word House Q a.m. Oh, 1 6 down to a 1 4 in men and nights 7 in the midnight
Many 18 plus that's about where we usually are 1 4 1 6 1 4 not
Not in the ballpark but you keep playing away the 8. You're okay in our book plus. He's all over the place anyway. Yep
Probably the reason that's going up a little bit is the fact that he was doing a jury duty remember that
Like for like two months. What are you eating now? Um, I'm eating howies
You're eating howie? Yeah
And we got to hear about it on the ear that you're eating howie
He let you like that howie 81% in Pulse say the nation has headed in the wrong track to lose like tracks baby
American's are more to satisfy with the country's direction than at any time since New York time
CVS news pole began asking about the subject in the early 1990s according to latest poll
In the poll 81% of respondents said they believe things have pretty seriously gotten off on the wrong track up from
69% year ago and 35% early 2002
Although the public mood's been darkening
Since the early days of the war in Iraq. It's taken a new turn for the worst in the last few months as the economy has seen
The slip into recession. Thank you mr. President for the war and the gas prices in the recession and the dead people and all of these
things
There's now nearly a national consensus that the country faces significant problems as well. That's pretty profana
Like us here at WQM we face significant problems
multi-problemy
A majority of nearly every demographic and political group Democrats and Republicans men and women residents of cities and rural areas
College graduates and those who only finished high school
Say the US is headed in the wrong direction 78% of respondents said the country was worse off than five years ago
Just four percent said it was better off
They're real smart
The dissatisfaction especially striking because public opinion usually hits its low point only in the months and years after an economic turn down
Not at the beginning of one
Today, however, Americans report being deeply worried about the country even though many say their own personal finances are still in fairly good shape
That's because they don't have 400 dependence like I do
Only 21% of respondents said the overall economy was in good condition
The lowest sets number since late 92 when the recession that began in the summer of 90s
Already been over for more than a year and the latest pull two out of three people said they believe the economy is in recession today now
right now, baby
this second
The unhappiness presents clear risk for Republicans in this year's elections given the continued unpopularity of President Bush
28% of respondents said they approved of the job. He was doing 28% of another that barely changed since last summer
But Democrats who control the housing Senate since last year also faced a risk that unhappy voters will punish congressional incumbents
Mr. Bush and leaders of both parties on Capitol Hill have moved in recent weeks to react to the economic slowdown first by passing that
stimulus fiddle that'll send checks up to 12 of our bucks to many couples this spring
They're now negotiating over proposals to overhaul financial regulations
The poll found that Americans blame government officials for the crisis more than banks or home buyers and other borrowers
40% of respondents said regulators are mostly to blame while 28% named lenders and 14% named borrowers
Now assessing possible responses to the mortgage crisis Americans displayed a populist streak
favoring health for individuals, but not for financial institutions a clear majority said they didn't want the government to lend
I hand the banks even if the measures would help limit the depth of a recession
It won't be bail out the banks bail us out okay bail us out don't bail out the damn banks
All your big your rich friends okay you crooks you thieves you gypsies you bastards man
You lunatics now that's why I was saying something about lunatic. That's when they chopped me off the air before
Not again no
Not yet. Don't do that. I'm waiting for it though
Yeah, oh yeah, it'll happen any second out
This seems to be like a new feature on the show. Let's see how much dead air we can give every day on the show
I'm fixing the problem here with that power supply and I think it'll probably we'll probably fake our way through today
And even if we don't I know how to solve it. I can just plug the stuff that's plugged in there right in the wall
Okay, okay, what it doesn't need to be in the power supplies only there if the power goes out here. Don't you understand? Yeah
It's like a backup deal
And the power's gone out twice in seven years and one of them was that great northeastern blackout when it was out like all day
I
Maybe two or three times because there was one time I was on the phone remember that probably not I do
But when you when you called in did the show from the phone? I remember that yeah
That's what I was doing before when we finally came back when they stepped screwing around in the control room there and and knocking me off the air
These are engineers. This is a radio station. These people are engineers. They have some kind of a broadcast license
And my friend Eric up there in Orlando had he has to take care of this thing with the powers of flying walk me through this and even he emailed me where to order it
I wish I did online right here in Toronto and we'll be here today or Monday
Eric did that not the engineer is not anybody connected with QIM
What's wrong with that picture do you see something wrong with it? Um, yeah, I could you know
Is something consistent pattern there a little bit
God the things that really count these people are oh gee he's complaining again
Yeah, oh my god the things that we demand on this show the demands are so just awesome, yeah
Like keep the thing on the air would be good. That would be good for starters
And no jolly Joe I'm not coming back to do my show down there. Okay now was he really serious about that or not?
Yeah, I think so because he heard me say joking about that because I had a pretty good weekend down there like we can take you so seriously
Yeah
847 votes on Christmas pull
You should be fairly pleased about that. I think I might change it now
Right now yeah right now right now right now right what which word did you understand right F and now what's up with that?
I don't like it
It's too, you know, it's I don't know
It's too hard to read first of all it's got two damn many names and movies and numbers and
By the time I get through reading to pull to be two o'clock already. That's bad. It's time for the jerk show. No, that's not bad
Well one handed isn't the other side. It's not I'm I'm getting rid of it
Okay, especially since Eric stuff the new one already up there to load. This is a good one from a shawner. I passed it by yesterday
If I had the time I would learn blank
Another language sign language. He puts sign language under the pacified George
I don't understand that whole thing with George and sign language you can tell me what that's all about
Another way he'll check
No, no seriously. Well, is that what that's all about? I think that's what it's all about. He's picking up deaf chicks
I can understand him pick up blind chicks that I can understand
Easily but deaf
Dief I don't get it
I mean when you're broadcasting on a radio it seems to me that talking about deaf stuff is probably I don't know
It just makes no sense to me. But what do I know? What do I know about anything?
I'm voting for
Another language
A lot of good choices on here
I'm casting my vote as we speak
If I had the time I would learn here the choices another language sign language to play an instrument
Carpentery scuba diving to play golf to play crafts more about investing to do my own taxes to sing
You getting right from the factory to write a motorcycle how to program my cell phone drive a stick shift more about history
To rubber blade the Quran to manage my anger or more about Jesus to make my neighbor happy. I learn a lot more about Jesus
The best channels
Oh
He's got ape like you
It's the tickling bus stop nails sold in stores were begun to ammo and NRA propaganda are sold
It's 1101 at 560 WDQ. I'm happy Friday April, no one I will aquaccio for you
So the numbers were not great. They were and not as bad as January if it were it was like a painful
But not nearly as painful as January January's like a death mel you know
Make sure that they killed the whole winter book
Mm-hmm you got it listen you guys you got to say something okay
Even if you just fart anything. Oh, that would be good. So good. I know we still got the connection
Don't you understand? I mean if you lost cut that concept we're just doing that to be sadistic. Yeah, just a little
Bastards. Yeah, what do you want me to play that game?
Uh
Oh
I think we lost him oh oh we better place them a baby got better better place them fart. No, it's just
Yeah, play baby come back that way was that on power 96. I'm assuming that's probably what it was can't be their playing baby come back by player get out of here
Baby got back baby got back. Oh, I'm sorry mix a lot
Well excuse me. I like baby come back by player. There was nothing wrong with that all that ridge from that horrible soap opera was on here. He's an idiot
I also hold it was actually his satellite receiver that we were picking up at that time
What differences are making does it make a difference big that whether was power whether was a satellite receiver whether was xn
FM PM
B.M. What what turns is it make it wasn't supposed to be on here. That's the point
That's the point. It wasn't supposed to be on Q.A.M. Schmuck's
Oh there he goes again bitch and we were just in there trying to fix things. Yeah, well don't fix things. Okay
don't fix anything
What's the worst performance to still want to nonskir alpha chinos set of a woman baby
Can there be any doubt I'll say it for the million time
129 for a set of a woman
Cuba getting junior junior groin 99 Russell Crowe gladiator 85. This is the final telly on this awful poll
How many days there for 72 Nicholas Cage leaving Vega 67 Marisa tome my cousin Vinnie 64 is that a good movie or not? Yes
Is it yeah, sounds like a guido movie to me
Well, that would be Vinnie
Gwyneth Paltrow Shakespeare in log 58 Tom Hanks for his dump 40 list Taylor who's afraid of
Virginia wolf 38 Kim Basin your LA confidential 36 Richard Drivefist the good bye girl 31
One thing to say to Richard drive it
Susan Sarandon dead man walking 26 Kevin Spacey American beauty 24 Gina Davis the accidental tourist 24 s style
Parsons Bonnie and Clyde 16 Robert and they were arranging Bolshevik 12
Merrill Street Cramer versus Cramer 11 Judy holiday born yesterday nine and Dustin Hoffman Cramer versus Cramer eight
Tula and that's it. That's the end of that when we had 849 votes
I'm a very marginal poll. We apologize profusely for it. I will never do it again
Chris apologize as you can do better than that. I apologize just like even the chic knew that
We'll never do it again until two months from now
We're never gonna do that poll again if we do I'm leaving
Where you going?
Pineal you into better net
Pineal you into better net
Yeah, that was the chic well, I mean I
Wasn't really all that gay until now
Pineal you into better net
Yeah, this is some of the crap that they put on here and that was an iod that was Steve Nichol the chic
Oh, he's neil without the droppings. He's neil. Yeah, he was neil. Uh-huh. Do I sound just like that?
At any rate I think he was a gay like you maybe
No
No, that you're confusing him with juicy. Oh no
Jersey drew Michaels that queen
Drew who said among many other stupid things. Oh, I can't play that one another break already
I mean he also said
He's an ass. No, see I have a cut there nice
And that cut that was a quick finger
Quinch finger good work old man see that
Oh, there's Prince Philip looking old and almost dead on TV. He's in a hospital, baby. Maybe he'll cross
Important to remember miserable Nazi bastard
Remember that in the exorcist? Yes
Now who the hell was that was that the somebody from the film crew was that the producer? I'm right there whatever he was
And he got drunk and he called the the Butler you miserable Nazi bastard. Remember that? Yes
I was good then he got his though a lot of people got theirs net movie
A little notice remark in the press is generating heat for John McCain's presidential campaign
He keeps delaying when his medical records are going to be released leading some people to question what's he hiding
As is the headline on the liberal blog the Huffington Post
On Wednesday McCain's campaign told CNN that the Arizona Senators medical file will be produced May 15
Trouble as they previously said they released April 15 and they refused to turn the records over to New York Times on at least three occasions
Mr
McCain has yet to make his full medical records or its positions available to reporters the times veteran medical correspondent dr
Lawrence Altman wrote in March at least three times since March of last year
Campaign officials will tell New York Times that they'd provide the detailed information about his current state health
But they haven't done so
Ah the campaign houses are expressed to release the information in April even say what year though
The CNN report was featured in a blog post on their political ticker Wednesday was not picked up by news agencies
Reven the subject of the CNN report the carpet bagger blog however caught the CNN blog post and raised a storm about it
The Times report was the standard line and early March McCain said down for an interview with Scott Pelley on 60 minutes
Was asked about his health. He said it's excellent three times. He said that and said his campaign would be doing the medical records thing soon
Carpet bagger Steve Benin wrote Pelley followed up. There's been some criticism that you haven't released your medical records
You're saying in this interview that you're about to do that McCain replied. Oh, yeah, we'll do it in the next month or so. Yeah
Yeah
For candidate wise nothing to hide. He's acting like he's got something to hide. He continued later
Steve Benin and given that McCain is ready to be the oldest president of our elected as history of medical problems including melanoma
This is a little unsettling if McCain had history of secrecy. It'd be easier just to talk this up to a character flaw
But his previous disposers actually make the problem worse
He was an open book during his first campaign now can't even explain the delays in releasing his records as I said Steve Benin
Confuded there's probably nothing to this but the campaign's conduct on the issue raises questions. Don't it and it do it do
Maybe what he's really trying to say is I'm dying on the air like that. I heard Joe say that this morning a little dog said that
Well, he didn't say that he said
I said that
But that's okay. I mean at least we work on the same station as supposed to run an ancient Paul which
Brandon your close personal friend by the way points out that they got 80 million billboards running Paul
Yeah, they really do man. It's it's unbelievable. Yeah, it's called cuz clear channel owns the damn billboards
Don't you understand
But they they got to have like 20 for Paul and Ron
He said that there's two of them almost like right next to each other. They're off. They're everywhere
Well, there's my good friend Susan candy Otty and further charges involved one of the only people we like on CNN
I hope she's out of the building when God smites them remember he tried couple weeks ago
I'm running the attorney to win Atlanta
And the roof was caving in and CNN god, you know, sometimes he's got bad name. I always tell you that it's true
Well, I'm telling I get running nose must be it. It's either my allergies to those ratings that came out or it's the
springtime thing, you know
Let me pull my nose here. Oh, don't hurt yourself
Oh my god, there it is
So much better clear it out man clear it out
When it doubt air it out
We got 59 votes on the new poll but I don't want to read the numbers because then I can't get all been out
I think we'll take some calls today too Chris
Okay, not that was a joke. You want to punch one up? Have you got any no?
No, oh, they wouldn't be calling cuz we haven't taken one one's last time we took a call in the show
I can't take any here. Oh, you never know they come on good today
It's Friday you you're voting for calls today. Let's let's take a call
56705 60 pound five 60 under Verizon singular wireless line. Let's put a call or two on a year. We'll see how they go
If they're really great, we might take them all day. You never know. That's what I'm saying
How about those marlins they didn't play us today, right? No
They didn't lose again after that 13-something shall lacking the night point now is this a series at home this weekend or what?
I believe so because they're having brought Michael's here
They're having what that's right. Don't you listen to the commercials that run? No, oh
Brett Michaels come on down to see some rock-a-love
What what are you talking about? I don't think he knows what that is. I have no idea who that is Brett Michael
He's the server that poison I believe oh, yeah, I remember poison. Well, he's gonna be here
He's gonna be at Marlin stadium like the way most people feel about tomorrow
And they hate him like poison so anyway, they didn't lose last night. That's good
And we got that first pitch with Jesse Aggra the Marlon pregame report for 10 minutes of tonight again at 650 with five minutes of spots in there
We're no dummies. We got lots of spots
Now what we just say before that about to cause you got any yeah, well punch one up
Qion
If you got the pot open. Yeah, pop it on Josh. That's very hot. I hit the button. Oh my god. I did
Nothing nothing's going down. That was the only one you had one call. No, there's a couple of here. Well, no, I have a trap puncher one
I'll put just hit next buddy. No two way him. Hello
It's dead. There's nothing coming through the phone pod. I got no calls on my thing
Well, I'm punch wound up unless you're a dial tone just to make sure that they work
Yeah, this isn't what I've got to be reset. I guess
Oh
Well we tried
Yeah, hey come on in here engineers
We'll need some more fixing in this room
I think we might have lost him. Why'd he kill himself? No, you didn't lose me. I'm broke. I just got my head down counter
It'll be okay
You guys are by the way you talk to me like I'm not doing something right here because I punch up a call
I don't even know who's sitting where okay
Well, and do I hear who is not doing what all I know is we can't even hear the dial tone
So obviously nothing coming through the phone that that is absolutely correct. Right. I mean anybody's done this more than five minutes
Knows how that works
I can't punch him up here because I'm not gonna push you around with that router again. I don't want to lose my internet
But that's got nothing to do with down there, right? Right
So what happens when you punch one up? What are you seeing?
Nothing
What does that mean nothing happens? There's an error on the screen
Error
Yes
For the love of God can I can I read you this fast because this guy sent it like six times? Go ahead my queen with extensive research
I believe you are absolutely correct sir that is Clementsa. Please accept my apology
Your lover oh finally that jackass that was fax me yesterday
He's right fine because I ripped him and asked because he didn't read he didn't apologize for Tommy was
Tessio please stop sending the facts. Yeah, stop sending the facts. Okay. We're getting tired of that
We're getting tired of the engineering to they suck
Nothing looks
The
New Roger
The force lead
The last year brackets for hoops hysteria online at wqam.com
Make your picks for the bio
Hoops hysteria long on and play a presentation of sports radio
Now it's your time to get ready
You might as well
Yeah crappy signal
Into out of space
I knew that you missed me
This can tank the rest of you
I knew that you missed me
Oh
I'm trying to do the backup for the noise over here
Lemon 18 and 560 wq. I must take your collar to what are you saying? I did you reset it? Did you reboot it?
Uh, we haven't done yet because we're not sure how to reboot her on that side and though we can't find an engineer right now
It
Yeah, okay. Well, I guess maybe that was the Lord's promise. It wasn't such a good idea to try to take any calls.
Who ever heard of such a thing? Who in their life ever heard of a place like this?
Engineering eight us. They're busy if they would. I'm not going to go in with.
Come and just slow down and relax. Take a deep breath. Take a deep breath. Okay.
And of course, their response would probably be, well, he doesn't take calls anyway.
So why should we do any maintenance on the phone system in there?
They don't put any calls on here, but like that, you know. Am I right? Yes.
Probably they should have had the engineer up here coming here and and we, you know, hook up the thing again to the router.
So that I could punch the calls up here. I bet it would work then. Although, you know, something it probably wouldn't work then because if they're coming from, see, they're coming from your phone system down there.
You follow what I'm saying? What do you say? Via the internet. So in other words, if they're not working in your studio, they sure as hell wouldn't work here.
Nope. So it's just as well. I didn't worry about trying to read a little with all that stuff.
Very jackass has a, and I'm usually useless calm today, but he does have a couple of interesting things. Really?
AT&T last week stopped airing ads featuring comedian John Cap, Capa Rona, Caponera.
Impersonating the seat comes in answer. Harry Curie, because they upset his widow, Duchy, according to the Chicago sometime. In fact, I'm sure he's the guy that does all these.
Hey, enough with the panthers already. When the hell was the baseball season begin anyway?
Yeah, when we did our shows in Chicago there on IOD a few times, I met that guy. Also met Harry, of course, came in two, but not at the same time because Harry hated that guy.
That was the Harry Curie impersonator. Anyway, the ads were done poorly. Duchy told the paper after the first time I saw the commercial act at hardly sleep.
AT&T apologized during the stop running the spots. I'm Harry, by the way, still dead. Still drunk and still dead. Oh, God, what?
You don't have a sense of humor. Like, get over it. This is anything like John Madden doesn't like Frank Caleando's impression of them. You know what I mean? It's ridiculous.
Are you disinduching now? I'm, yeah. I'll give it the Dutch evidence.
Former WWE QM host and ex-big league are waiting here this time. But you're not familiar with the big news because it's on a station and nobody knows it's on the dial. Is this about the crow? Oh, you already know? No, I don't. But you said former QM or big leagueer.
You, but M and M, but Troll, but the me that blah, okay? Former QM host and ex-big leagueer Warren, chromates resurfaced with a top show 1130 AM weekends on WFTL 640. Oh, my God. Not to be confused with WFTL 1400 or WFTL 850. Oh, my God. Wow.
How about you, but M and me, but Troll, but the me that blah, okay? Okay, but, but scenario.
You're in the locker room and pump pump. Some of the really brilliant stuff from Barry Jack asked this more. That's it. That's it. No, well.
Nothing else that even even on the borderline of being interesting. You're set to the most devoted sports nerds that people are running around going like that.
Like that. It is most pathetic, most sad. Almost as sad as that last, uh, Leaf home game last night that Ottawa 8 to 2, Ottawa wins last night. Well, they were desperate.
You know what I'm saying? I'm sure you were watching every second of it. Oh, totally not. Why not?
Because I thought you're a big hockey fan. I don't have that package thing. Oh, here comes the one. What's racist this?
Full field of 10 on the gate for the eight from wood by an eight race of wood by and last night. What? This is part of my performance.
I'm facing fastest away from down the center speed McQueen speed McQueen makes early speed for Mark McDonald and just clear by two likes the inside.
I tell less. She want to think about thoroughbred racing. I know that neither one of you care about this and I've screamed about it for years is that instead of the owners having silks having colors, the jockeys ought to have their own colors like the drivers doing harness racing.
So there's some familiarity. You know instantly, for example, like second of the ass there is a Randy Wapels and Mark McDonald is leading the race. I have because you can see the colors.
You know what I'm saying? Of the drivers. Each driver's got his own colors. Yeah. Sure. Like Joe Mars Jr. with a gray and a polka dots.
But the jockeys they were the colors of the owner so they have to keep changing outfits every race.
And you have no idea who the hell is who and who's on first all that. That's just still my thoughts. But what do I know?
What do I know? Former Democratic presidential candidate John Edward said yesterday he will not accept the nomination for your vice president as he did four years ago.
Well he was really strong four years ago for John Kerry not. Edwards, a former senator from North Carolina,
I'm dropped out of the 2008 race that is still being contested by Barack and Swilery. Edwards was picked as running mate with Democratic presidential nominee,
John Kerry in 2004, but the two and this is Reuters. This is very very profound. The two were defeated when George W. Bush and Dick Cheney were reelected.
Wow. This is like it's written for kindergarten kids. Do you know what I mean?
Yeah. After his keynote speech at CTIA, the annual U.S. wireless industry showcase, Edwards was asked in a question and answer session if he would accept the nomination for VP.
No said Edwards was also declined to say whether we endorse Clinton or Obama. He's a mum. He ain't saying nothing.
And you know something, unless he says the better because he is strictly vanilla. He's like tapioca pudding, very bland, like vanilla ice cream, bland.
So tell me about that meatloaf yesterday from Lucille's. Cortus said it was really good. It was really good.
I didn't even need to use the gravy. I just housed it with a little sweet sauce they had on it.
I'm not going to ask that because he was planning on going there last night to see how it was.
He was going there last night for freebie. Is that what he was doing? Well, you know, he got Georgia certificates. So he was going to head on down there and see how the place was.
Like I said, he was going there for freebie last night. There's nothing wrong with that. That's what this business is all about.
That's what he could hit a week of head. Now let me ask you where I guess we're going to Schmidt-Can that whole idea about taking any calls because the engineers aren't going to show up.
Well, isn't just just wait a couple hours until they fix the phone and then we'll take a call.
Oh, in other words, you really believe that they're going to come in there and fix the phone.
I just have this straight feeling. I'm sure all that's going to be doing is reset.
You tell me that you can't do that. We're not sure how to reset it.
You're really like, you know, Georgia's here and he recessed something over there and then bam, bam, bam. It's up again.
Yeah. Well, we don't know what that is that he resets over there.
Come on engineers. Come on in here. We didn't have somebody here asking about it. Who's that? Clarence.
Asking about it after what we needed. Yeah. And what did you tell him? Did you tell me we needed a freaking engineer instead of having all the control.
I'm knocking me off the air every few minutes. Maybe they were in the control room. We would have had an engineer.
So they're not in there when I went to look for them. Yeah. Well, maybe after that exhaustive job they did it in a control room.
They're on maybe a two or three hour lunch break.
What's the price?
You're the biggest name. The best talent.
You know, his new projects.
Sportage of 5.60 QAM.
The sports league.
A big shopping spree.
Spins.
A lot of people are in dire.
And now they're a bit.
R-E-B-A-G-E.
Pump up their economy.
R-E-B-A-G-E.
Go by past B-T-V.
R-E-B-A-G-E.
A little rebate.
Yeah. People.
You're tax rebate.
Don't get tired.
Keep on home by and spend on it.
Just don't put it in the bank.
Keep on home by and spend on it.
11.30.205.60.
W-E-Q-M.
Nothing works, baby.
Everything is far blundered. Nothing works.
Yeah, and I want to try to find somebody and talk to Dero.
Not only they're not here, but they're not answering the phones either.
So, government there was like a mega problem.
Like we were off the air or something.
They're not answering the phones.
Nope.
The engineers, none of them are answering the phones.
Is that what you're telling me?
I guess there's like a private engineer meeting going on.
Yeah, in the T-room, no doubt.
Maybe they got that jerk from a Naples over there.
What else is his name? Bob...
Outside that amount, I can't even think of his name anymore.
You mean Bob DeMuth, who doesn't work for...
Does it work for... they's company anymore?
Oh, it hasn't worked for us no more?
Not for a while.
Well, nobody ever told me that good news.
Well, I'm telling you that.
Bob DeMuth is long gone.
Well, that's the best news I've heard in a long time.
What a jackass.
Came over there to Amsterdam and scoot everything all up.
And then he left the poor engineer over there holding the bag and got on a plane and ran away.
Did it... hell of a job there, Bob DeMuth.
So he's long gone. What happened with him?
He was removed from his position?
Can.
Yes.
Fire did it it it did it it did it did.
Wow.
Well, that's some pretty good news.
Yeah.
Well, there's even some more good news.
Bit by bit the walls are closing in on swillery.
By just about every measure including total votes, total delegates and money raised,
she's training Barack Obama and their pitch battle for the Democratic presidential nomination.
And the most important category where she's still ahead, super delegates.
Her lead is shrinking.
Oh my god.
It's shrinking, baby.
You ever see it shrink?
Thus far this week, three super delegates, party leaders and elected officials who can support
whomever they want at the August convention have broken for Senator Obama while Senator Clinton and Swillery
hasn't won any.
It is highly unlikely that Clinton can overtake Obama in the Pledge Delegate count, those
one in primaries and caucuses, but it's also impossible for Obama to secure the nomination
just on Pledge Delegates.
Thus the super delegates will decide the nomination.
Green that he spoke of would remain out of reach.
Thursday's stunning announcement that Obama to raise more than $40 million in March
with 218,000 new donors that month dealt another blow to Swillery.
Her campaign has released its own March figure yet.
I think it was about 20 million.
They say it last night.
So can Clinton actually still win the nomination?
It says this is by a Linda Feldman on the Christian Science Monitor.
In theory, yes, Able is safe, but she'd have to win just about every reigning contest
and then persuade enough super delegates that she's got a better chance that Obama beating John McCain.
The easiest way for that to happen would be for a bombshell revelation or major gant by Obama
that would cause delegates and voters as reflected in national polls to abandon him.
Short of that scenario, Clinton and her team are fast running out of options.
The walls are closing in.
I think the walls are closing in on us at QAM, too, if you ask me.
Do the engineers aren't answering their phones?
No, we got Steph in here.
And I think Steph's good because Steph isn't real engineer who usually cares about these things,
but I don't know.
I think they're starting to get in.
But they were in a meeting.
Yeah, a Power 96 meeting.
Power 96 meeting? Well, Hubsay and Dread, okay?
Power 96, my ass.
With all that swirled that they play.
She would pretty well have to run the table after winning Pennsylvania convincingly,
says Cal Jyllis and April political scientists at SMU.
So what's the story with the phone era?
Do we know?
No, not yet.
No, not yet.
Convincingly means by double digits, he says,
and Clinton would have to pull off of set North Carolina where she's down by about 20 points.
Our ore gun were also abomas ahead.
Most people looking at the last 10 events are so see a bit of an edge for Clinton,
but with Obama having significant places to look for wins as well, Mr. Jyllis and ads.
For now though, the trend seems to be heading in Obama's direction,
even in Pennsylvania where Polshod Clinton would have lead in the mid to high teens
until very recently, the newest Quinnipiac Polshoser with a nine-point lead in Pennsylvania,
and the rest was in pull only five points ahead in Pennsylvania.
Her lead is shrinking.
Pennsylvania's demographics, large populations of working class, older and Roman Catholic voters
played a Clinton's advantage, but a wave of new registrations in the state could spell trouble for her.
As the Obama campaign has worked hard to identify new voters,
Pennsylvania is absolutely critical for her.
Absolutely.
Said Terry Madonna, head of the front van a martial college poll,
I think she wins here, but for the first time I'm thinking he could offset her.
It's a long shot, but it's possible.
It's possibly.
Wouldn't that be something?
Wouldn't that be a kick in the head?
You know what else would be a kick in the head?
What's that?
They'd be taking a call right now because I think we can.
Oh, QA and hello.
My phone went.
Yeah, great.
See, there you go.
You wanted to cause.
Holy crap.
It's about time.
Time for what?
The phone's probably working.
Yeah, well, we're a little slow.
What do you got, Palli?
Hey, Oged Neal, all the trends.
Can you do all more or less predict or get an idea of what the two to four is going to look like on the up?
No, you can't because it's a 10 to three and three to seven.
You have no idea what the hourly is.
Only when the boy now, what would you think?
What is the two to four going to reflect?
0.004.
That's going to be bad, Palli.
Okay, so you.
I guess you don't like that, you know, huh?
Maybe you don't like the heat.
Because if you don't like the heat or the NBA, you're sure it's not going to listen to you.
Unless, unless, uh, I don't know.
Unless you want to hear some of that great comedy.
Don't forget the.
Well, that's the heat.
Oh, yeah, that's the log, baby.
That's the stats.
That's the stats of the latest heat loss by 180 points.
All right, that's enough of that crap.
Okay, let's take a look at our poll.
That was refreshing.
We had a nut job there for a second and then we had like a real car who hates jerks.
Here's the poll.
If I had the time, I would do whatever I blank.
Learn another language, 46.
When it hands down, that's what I voted.
And of course some people are probably thinking, oh, let me go on to learn Spanish.
No, I don't.
Or even Italian.
No, I don't know what language you would be.
Maybe Swahili.
Maybe French language.
You know a little Italian dog.
Yeah, I know a little Italian.
Probably when Pocito did tell you.
You want more than a lingual.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What do you get it?
Crap.
Cut the crap.
Cut the crap.
You are, you know, you're just impossible lately.
And what got into him?
How do you think there was like a runaway worm got into his body?
Probably entered to the...
No.
To play instruments 17, more about investing 10.
Oh yeah, here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
More about investing my ass.
Scuba diving 7, more about history 6.
Don't know much about it.
I love that song.
Now Sam cooked it the original.
And then our car funco did it, right?
Sure, sure.
Wonderful world.
You don't know that song?
If I heard it, don't know much about history.
You don't know that song?
Oh, no, that's all, yeah.
Yeah, that's a song.
Wonderful world.
Sam cooked and then our car funco.
I know my crap, man.
It's good song.
Scuba diving 7.
More about history 6.
More about Jesus 4.
I want to know so much more about Jesus.
Hey Zeus, maybe that's what they're reading it as, hey Zeus.
To manage my anger for how to program my cell phone for,
to write a motorcycle for the Quran 3.
To drive a stick shift 3, Carpentry 3, Sign Language 3,
to a rollerblade 3, see the thing with the learning to drive a stick,
it's like if I had the time I'd learn how to buy a black and white TV.
Wait, what are you talking about?
To play crafts, to play golf, to sing or to do my own taxes out of 117.
I'm talking about driving a stick shift is the pass A.
It's either for guys who want to be like hot shots and show off,
or for people who want to live in a stone age.
They invented automatic transmission so that it would make driving much easier.
Oh, I know, I have it on a Mac.
I'm just saying like I know for like sports cars,
you kind of want a stick shift.
No, you definitely do.
I've had Corvettes for 20 years, you think I were on the stick,
or learn how to drive a stick.
You think I have any desire to learn?
Well, you know, you've won Corvettes for years,
but I don't see you being that guy that's like racing up and down the highway.
No, yeah.
Not.
Right, so I'm not irresponsible, not an overgrown child.
See, I don't buy cars to impress anybody else.
I don't buy cars, although I will say this,
and I've talked about it on the year, although not in a long time,
because I'm not there driving.
But back in the day, when some punk would pull up next to me
and his, you know, his Mustang GT,
and I'd be at the stoplight there,
I'd leave him in the dust every time.
Good, that's what you need to do.
That's right.
Put that punk in his place.
Not because I want to show off anybody,
but just because that punk thinks he's hot,
and he's drag racing me from the stoplight,
and I just leave him in the dust looking to rearview me or laugh my ass off,
and think, what a punk, what a punk like that.
That's great.
Herman's, Herman's.
Also did that wonderful world.
That's correct.
Herman's vermin.
Peter Newton, they said he never showered in the smell-real battle.
Okay, so what biggest name?
The best talent.
He's now Roger.
He's a 430-year-old.
He's a 580-year-old.
What do you think?
He's a 480-year-old.
So that's your brackets for Hoops hysteria online.
Is WQA-F?
It's 60WQ on Happy Friday, too.
Well, we got our phone working out.
What more could you want, right?
Sure.
And what was the pride again?
You're doing the same thing.
One more time.
One more time, but I'm just going to get up and walk out the door.
This way, Phil George comes back on Monday.
I give him a rundown of the kind of behavior that you've been...
And of course, Cordis there.
He's sitting there probably writing a hostel emails to Brandon.
Oh, you know, that's it.
Skaving.
He hasn't even dignified you with any further response.
Maybe he's actually working to that.
That would be something.
Would that be something for some of these people to be working?
Yes.
So what was the deal with the...
It had to be reset to phone as well.
Yeah, you just reset it and that was it.
Reset it and forget it.
Like Ron Popeel would say, right?
Reset it and forget it.
Oh, baby, back ribs.
Yeah, that pet guy does the announcing that I have one in commercial.
He just...
He sends me right to the bowl.
Baby, my ribs have like his lips are going to fall off.
Do you ever have that feeling like your lips are going to fall off?
Well, not lately.
No.
I've had that.
Paul Krugman writes in New York Times today, voodoo health economics.
Elizabeth Edwards has cancer.
John McCain's had cancer in the past.
Last weekend, Mrs. Edwards bluntly put it out.
That neither one of them would be able to get insurance under Mr. McCain's health care plan.
It's about time someone said that and more generally made the case that Mr. McCain's approach to health care is based on voodoo economics.
Not the supply side voodoo that claims that cutting taxes increases revenues,
though Mr. McCain says that too.
But the equally foolish claim refuted by all available evidence that the magic of the marketplace can produce cheap health care for everybody.
As Mrs. Edwards pointed out, the McCain health plan would do nothing to find insurance companies from denying coverage to those like her and Mr. McCain,
who have pre-existing medical conditions.
The McCain campaigns response was condescending and dismissive, a statement that Mrs. Edwards doesn't understand the comprehensive nature of the senator's approach,
which would harness the power of competition to produce greater coverage for Americans, reducing costs so that even people with pre-existing conditions could afford care.
This is nonsense on multiple levels.
For one thing, even if you buy the premise that competition would reduce health care cost,
the idea that could cut costs enough to make insurance affordable for Americans with a history of cancer or other major diseases is sheer fantasy.
Beyond that, there's no reason to believe in these alleged cost reductions.
Insurance companies do try to hold down medical losses. The industry's term for what happens when an insurer actually ends up having to honor its promises by paying a client's medical bills,
but they don't do this by promoting cost-effective medical care.
Instead, they hold on cost by only covering healthy people, screening out those who really need coverage the most,
which was exactly the point Mrs. Edwards was making.
They also deny as many claims as possible forcing doctors and hospitals to spend large sums fighting to get paid.
And the international evidence on health care cost is overwhelming.
The U.S. has the most privatized system of the most market competition, and it also has by far the highest health care cost in the world.
Yet the McCain health care plan, actually has set a bullet points on the campaign's website,
is entirely based on blind faith that competition among private insurers would solve all problems.
I'd like to single out one of those bullet points in particular, the first substantive proposal Mr. McCain offers, the preceding entries are nothing but feel-good boilerplate.
As I mentioned in past comms, the veterans of the health administration is one of the few clear American success stories in the struggle to contain health care costs.
Since it was reformed during the Clinton years, the VA has used the fact that it's an integrated system,
a system that takes long-term responsibility for its client's health to deliver an impressive combination of high-quality care and low costs.
It's also taken lead of use of information technology, which has both saved money and reduced medical errors.
Sure enough Mr. McCain wants to privatize and in effect dismantle the VA, naturally this destructive agenda comes wrapped in the flag.
America's veterans have fought for our freedom to the McCain website, which should give them freedom to choose to carry their VA dollars to a provider that gives them the timely care at high quality and in the best location.
That's a recipe for having healthy veterans drop out of the system, undermining its integrated nature and draining away resources.
Mr. McCain then is offering a completely wrong-headed approach to health care, but the way the campaign for the Democratic nomination is unfolded raises questions about how effective his eventual opponent will be in making that point.
Indeed while Mrs. Edwards focused her criticism on McCain, she also made it clear that she prefers Hillary Clinton's approach, Senator Clinton's plan is a great plan to Barack Obama's.
The Clinton plan closely resembles the plan for universal coverage that John Edwards laid out more than a year ago.
By contrast Mr. Obama offers a water-down plan that falls short of universality and would have higher cost per person covered.
Worse yet Mr. Obama attacks his Democratic-wravels health plans using conservative talking points about choice and the evil of having the government tell you what to do.
That's going to make it hard if he is the nominee to refute Mr. McCain when he makes similar arguments on behalf of such things as privatizing veterans care.
Still have the health care ought to be a major issue in this campaign. I wonder if we will have time to discuss it after we deal with more important subjects like bowling and basketball.
You only got 30 or 5 pins in the 7 frames, you see that bowling and he chose him to bowling a bowl off. That's the kind of silly crap.
All these people are dying because any hush to fill up your gas tank, nobody could afford health care. The economy is going to hell in a hand basket and we're worried about what is Obama good-bore and they're a better basketball player.
And as sort of we're going to have a bowl off, did you see her last night on the left? No, he did not. I don't want to.
Do you think I would want to let know you're asking me that with a straight push? Well, I want you just to see what she said.
And one thing on there had me yelling at her on the TV. They were talking about what are they going to do about Michigan and Florida?
She's like, oh well, he had the chance to be on the Michigan ballot, but he took his name off. They all agreed to take their names off and she's going to go down.
And then as I knew it, just like in Florida, they all agreed not to campaign in Florida and she's the only one who showed up.
She went, oh well, he just decided not to, you know, be up. It's like no. You all had to be on the same side.
The DNC told them not to participate and that they wouldn't come. She's desperate. When you're desperate, you say into all kinds of things.
If you had sniper fire coming to you in Bosnium, you'd be saying all kinds of crap too.
You were running for the hills. If you were had to duck the sniper fire. Maybe that little girl was on the tarmac. Maybe she was shooting at her.
Oh, she had another little kid story too. I forget where it was, but she was somewhere and she was like walking.
And this little kid was like talking to her so she leaned out because she couldn't hear him. And he's like, you know, my mom is only making minimum wage and thank you for like helping to raise minimum wage.
But now they cut her hours and she's like, and it was so, it was so touching. And he's like, well, that's why I want to try and help your mom and everyone like her.
You know, try and help them out if I can become president. I'm thinking, shut up.
Here's Ray from Maroney Dodge who's a chronic chronic fracture, chronic, since this facts.
And then this, remember yesterday we had that our poll guy, Sean, in fact, I got it right here.
Give me a song to dance about slots or second order, your keynote is being the worst thing. He's giving me a song to dance about what games I should play with my money.
And I love Sean and I appreciate all his polls. He's a good guy and he showed up at Gulf Stream and chased those two knuckleheads away.
But I really don't take well when people start telling me how to live my life and what to do. I just don't deal well with that kind of crap.
I like that Jack has David on the Myspace thing. I blocked his ass. I got so sick and tired of that. All these condescending A-holes, man, who don't even know me, that's the best part.
So here's what Ray says today. Why not become a snowboard and have the best of both worlds?
During the Cold Canadian winter, live and do the show from Florida and during the hot sticky Florida summer, live in Canada.
And when you're working, do your show from up north, just a thought, but why not? Why not? I don't want to. That's why not. How do you like that? Is that a good reason? I don't want to.
If I wanted to be there, they would put a studio in my home. They've already offered to do that. I don't want. I'm here to get you coming back.
Yeah, that's what they're spread around the building. Jolly Joe. I had such a good time this last weekend that I'm coming back permanent.
You mean you're not? You know something? If my only choice, this is the truth that I've said it before. If my only choice of being alive was to have to be in South Florida the rest of my life, I would. I'd go on 441.
I'd gone and get my brains out. If I absolutely had to be there, I might take you a while to get there because 441 is really backed up with construction.
You what I just said? Yeah. That's why Ray, because I don't want to. Why don't you like mind your own business Ray? Okay? I don't want to. I've been here seven and a half years, seven years plus, whatever it is.
And I enjoy it. And the winners, you know, it was a brutal winner this way. And you know something that still survived. I still somehow survived.
Whether isn't life, whether isn't everything. If whether where everything nobody would live up North, isn't that true?
Everybody would live like in the sun belt. And guess what? Most people don't. Most people live like in New York and Detroit and Boston and Chicago and places like that.
And Minneapolis places up North. Pittsburgh, Philadelphia. Am I right about that? Yep. I mean there's a lot of people living in LA, but then again, you know, if you want to build your house on the side of a cliff and watch it float away in a mud slide, that's up to you.
Or an earthquake. Now the court is leaving or what? I'm here. Okay. When you're just very non-committal now. Okay?
Now is that sufficient to say I don't want to? Isn't that enough? Yeah? Well, guess what? You don't want to. You got to.
I don't want to. I don't want to.
You're trying to find 60 QA.
If I want you, you would cry to me. No, we're waiting for it.
By slowly, probably two or five, 60 WQM. So anyway, here's a for Josh. I knew that Brandon wouldn't leave you out of his thoughts for long.
Here's a message that says while I eat grilled chicken sandwich, I'm thumbing over some papers. Big shot quarters with the deep pockets using other people's money is affecting that poor bastard Chris.
He was so quiet and stupid what happened to him? Now he's spewing a lot of crap just like quarters. Just not as stupid as some of the things Josh had said.
I say put Josh out of his misery. Put Chris with Joe Rose and let's have you, George and Zach, what a trifecta. And he like that, Chris. Now he's taking shots at you even.
Oh well. He's saying that the Josh quarters is rubbing off on your ass.
No, come no.
I guess that wasn't the most tactful way of putting it wasn't it? No, no, not really. Well, it was it was cute.
It's me. I'm a cute old guy. You know, you used to say that to me all the time. Oh, you're so cute. You said some old bag, you know, really used to say that. Yeah, some big. She liked you.
I beg your pardon. She must have liked you. No, not like you're thinking. No, yeah, man. I hope not. You sure?
Wasting your time, honey. I had to forget who it was. Maybe that bull-dike Lynn Samuels. I don't know who said it.
Or maybe it was a what's your name from the hero? What's your name? I forget already. Anormous good friend. I wrote that already. Yeah. Oh, I'm putting Neil on the market. What is your name?
I don't remember. I forgot already. And that's good. That's a good thing.
Out of sight, out of mind. That old Yanta. This is I remember after he gave her my after I made the bad mistake of giving her my cell phone number. And she started texting me all the time with crap.
Oh, a swifty shinlars did. I do remember that one. Swifty. I worked with him for like two years. I never heard anybody call her of shinler swifty. But nevertheless, everybody's got a nickname, you know. Like when I croak, oh, that A-hole, Neil. Or as Bob Eisner would say that F-ing A-hole, Neil.
Is he still there? Yeah. I can't believe that. That to me. Is he still got that pasty red hair piece? That's something like guilty there for a second.
Oh, you're still eating, are you? No, I'm done. Oh, good. God. But I think Brandon's got a good point. Chris used to be like he knew when to open up a mouth and then generally speaking. But now since you rubbed off on him.
So to speak. He's just blurting out all kinds of inanities. It's just not like him. Oh, man. Why Paul? This is good. I'm writing all this down because I want to do the show for Brandon. You know.
What was that? Who want to cater to Brandon's needs? Hey, Lucy likes to be at least give me a sponsor on there. Okay, at least he's there. Yeah, good point. That's right. He's here for me. He wanted me to professor and Brandon. Other than that, the rest of those my space people.
I wouldn't wish most of my Hitler. Okay. They're like that. That whole thing. I don't want to keep repeating that. But I don't know what to say about it. What my space? Yeah, come on. You love it. No, I don't. Yeah, you're on there. Okay. You're always on there.
Let's see the online now.
Yeah, in other words, you said I'm on there now. I don't know about right now, but no, I'm not on there now. I'm on the pool and I'm going to read the result.
I guess the whole purpose is just to be as ordinary as you possibly can is that it, which is fine with me. I don't like ask us. You know, I hate that.
I can't stand it. I love Zach, but Zach is such a suck up. You know, what are you talking about? He is.
Although I do like the fact that he up kind of, he only put his foot down about being the executive producer and trying to get Joe to quit talking about the beast.
Well, he is right, man. Nobody wants to hear about the how the beast is going to die. If he wants to die from fat, that's his option, right?
Yeah, it's a free cup. I'm all for Dr. Jack, man. Dr. Kavorki and I'll all for him.
The people, in fact, I think you guys ought to be feeding him, force feeding him. If he wants to quote from food, he don't have to. He force feeds himself.
Well, that's what I'm saying. It's like me. Do I blame anybody else for the fact that I go over there and get tubs of ice cream across the street? I get that leader of scores, briars score ice cream?
No, nobody forces me to do it. Yeah, but you're over there pricking your finger. I mean, you're watching your blood sugar here. What word did you just say? Oh finger. Yeah. Yeah.
What does that mean? I'm watching my blood sugar. My blood sugar is horrible. All right. Well, for eight months, at least you're going to see the board.
At least you're keeping it right down there for a while. What was that? When you start having the hot dogs and taking your pills? I know I found for a good day or two.
Because we were talking about it on the air. So big American potty. Oh my god. You are more than I can handle. And the two of you together. That's more than anybody should have to handle.
Anyway, if I had the time, I would learn blank. This is our new pool. Now you know something. We have a 51. And now we got 171. So what is that? A thousand twenty two over thousands. He doesn't have to do my madness on a Friday. No, right. And Fridays are notoriously the weakest listing day of the week. Can we have a can we have a million votes again? Like I was listening the other day. No. Oh, why? Cause I'm on the show. Oh, was that how we did that? Yeah. Okay. At the end of the show Eric put a million votes on. I'm like two million or something. Yeah.
Put two million. Whatever you want. I don't care. Put 50 million. I'm what do I care? In fact, that's what we should have. When the numbers came out, I should have just made them up over that way to 14 share. Oh my god. Like that. And although I think if you add them all together, we might add a 14 share on the day parts. No, just under that.
Look, as long as they got spots on the log, although a lot of these are trades. You know, a lot of these are that marketing architects that the trade flow. Yeah. That's right. Why?
Talk to your little secret. No, it's not. It's no secret. A lot of these are trade outs. Oh my god. Today, especially. Well, it's Friday. Plus the economy is going to hell in a hand basket. We're into depression. Thank you, Mr. President for the depression.
If I had the time, I'd learn another language. 66 65. I've learned German. I'd probably be good at learning that because I know you've issued a little bit.
Shia. Is it off the lever? Huckman, Michigan, China. Is that German? Sure. Cox, a hoist. I'd learn to play an instrument if I had the time 28. More about investing 13, scuba diving 10. Well, they want to learn more about investing. Let's go to the gambling channel.
What do you say? Go play. Troub your power lunch.
I think you're going to buy it. Yeah.
Can we both agree to things? One is that the yields that were out there.
But a beep. But a beep. Yeah. S&P is up to the hours of down nine. And then I asked up seven and a half point. Go talk with Lenny Dijkstra.
What about Lenny Dijkstra? He's like a stock market, maybe. Oh, is he really? Yeah.
And Rick Riley. You ever see the two of them together? Same guy. Same mentality.
The T.S. X is up 123.7. The trimmer stock. Wow. What's going on here? And oil is down to 105 dollars and 45 set of barrel. What a bargain. Let's go out and roll out the barrel, baby. I want to see how the loony is doing. The loony and the euro.
So that I'm Josh's next trip to Europe. Oh, Zach has been an amateur man. Well, he's got one up on the end. Yeah.
Yeah. He was talking about the peeing in the outdoor toilets there. I'm good. Listen. I'm going soon.
I'm a single guy. You better go real soon because they're cleaning it up. Man, they're sanitizing it.
Look, just because you can't take magic mushrooms there. Well, excuse me. You can, but they're just illegal now. Doesn't mean that they're cleaning it up.
Let me say it again. They are cleaning it up. They're closing the article on it a few weeks ago.
They're closing down big parts of the red light district. Come on. Yes. The red light district are closing it.
I said they're closing down major portions of it. What does that mean?
And they're sanitizing the city like they didn't cope in a game. Oh, the euro is the Canadian loony's 9915.
And the euro is a disaster. It's 15731. Almost about 60. Thank you, Mr. President for destroying the American economy.
Even Mr. Whipple wouldn't wipe his ass with the US dollar. How do you like that? Even if it had alloy in it.
By the way, were you aware of the fact that they make a toilet paper with alloy? Yes. You were? Well, yeah.
It's in the commercials such a thing. Allo on your ass. Yeah. Well, it's highly recommended by Zach and Chris.
They were peddling that the last two days. Allo toilet paper. Nice and soft.
Mmm.
Not too soft. You don't want that to be all of it. You don't want clean-ons. No, not at all.
It disappeared. Yeah. I got clean-ons. All right. Believe me. I know about clean-ons.
Anyway, I'm not going to read the rest of the poll because you guys took away my, you know, I had some moments of going away.
It took away the big most. Oh, yeah.
It's all right. That's okay. Before you know, it'll be two o'clock and a weekend will be here.
We'll have the jerk show it to a clock and hear those. Now, what's that? I want to hear that music again. One more time.
Where do you have that? There it is.
Oh.
Today. On the Friday edition.
Are you making fun of jerk's name? No, I was just doing my impression. Yeah.
I like it.
I like the addition of a jerk show. Here is the heat stack. They suck, they lose. They blow.
The biggest name. The best town. He's going to do the projects.
You're going to be a 5.6.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9
Now everything in there is carbohydrates. Right. Can we have something? That's what? Something that's just no car.
Besides that beef jerky crap. That stuff is like chewing on cardboard. I don't mind it though. Like I realize I do. I do mind it. I think we need. I think there needs to be a major lawsuit.
And I think whoever would invent some product like that would make a zillion dollars because even though Adkins is dead and his diet isn't what it used to be.
And the people that took over the thing just destroyed it. The Actions Foundation, whoever the hell those A-holes were. I'ma said it.
That's something that we can't say that anymore. We can't say almost anything. See generally speaking as evolution takes place, we evolve from one place to another.
And we become more progressive and open minded and less uptight and less restricted and less censored. And like more, you know, like anything.
Not not now. Not inside America, baby. We can't say anything. We can't even fart. We can't even poop our pants without somebody getting all whipped up about it.
By the way, I did not check in the tea room at the Hilton hotel to see if my underwear were still there. I'm pretty sure they're probably gone. And what's their gone?
You were right though. Chris chanced eyes me. Boy, was it you or was it exactly so I should have taken those and put dispensed of them properly.
You put them in. You're right. Well, I just didn't want to touch them. Don't you understand? I just wanted to get them off of my body and throw them in the corner. And that's it. Be done with them. I'm a fan. Do you?
You working your right from a mind of the time. So especially with those Thai shoes with laces.
Yeah, let me go. Velcro into people everywhere. Velcro are old people. Let me say it again. I'm an old people. Okay. I'm not going to apologize for living the 65. Okay. I'm an old fart.
Would I rather be like 35? You bet. Would I rather be 25? Oh, yeah. But then it could happen. So I were new balance shoes with Velcro instead of with laces. I don't like laces.
Okay. Do you have shoes with laces? Like my new balance have laces like the shoes that were to work are just like slip on. Yeah, there you go. Like loafers. No, not a lot of loafers in that building. I'll say, but just comfortable shoes, man. Just regular old black slip on shoes. What do you mean slip on? How do they like? They're like Timberlands. You do, but there's no laces or anything. They're like Tinkerbell. Huh?
There's no laces. So they're like loafers then. I get you know, when you say loafers, I think penny loafers. You know what I mean? Like no, not with pennies in their. There are penny loafers that had the penny in which went out with white bucks. Right. That's what I think when I hear loafers. So sorry about that. No loafers are shoes that don't have laces or velcro that they have to be shoes have to be something. Right. Do you know what I'm saying? I got it.
And if they fit on your feet and they don't have laces or velcro to hold them on, then they must be some kind of loafers. That's right. I'm just a loafing around here. I'm saying. Yeah, I understand.
Josh and I don't need some shoe etiquette training. I never I have to go with it when I think of loafers. I think of like, you know, the dress shoe penny loafers. So yeah, and those are just.
Oh, gosh. Yeah, maybe you're thinking of like a little gate like that. Definitely a little gay in the penny loafers. Well, I'll tell you one thing. Paco here, man. He's got more he could. He's got more shoes than most shoes stores.
I'm all set. I like my. What that's all about. Is that a gate thing? I guess. Yes. Is it? Yeah. Cause I'm a heteromale and I have three pairs of shoes. Well, I got to be done at. Although most of the ones I got around like old and worn out. You know, I've got. I've basically got two pair.
I got my new brand new new balance and then I got those ones with the laces that I hate. Versus. You know, yeah. Hate them. Well, dress shoes you never wear. I wore my snite to with Chris.
Look at you. You got that's cause I get talked into it. Man, I get instructions on some of these things. I have to look human when I go to a fancy place. That's right.
I wear a long sleeve dress shirt and I wear those those pants by the way came out great. I know that Chris is very worried about my pantaloon. Well, that's good. Your knickers. No, not mine. Knickers. The ones that had a little accident a couple weeks ago, but listen, we're next time to go in the route. Next time you go to Ruth. Chris, just rock the Velcro.
I told him last night to hold the butter. Please. Are you kidding me? No, but no. I mean, are you kidding me? A lot of people do that. No, I'm getting on you. That's what it feels. And I'm not even a fat guy, but how do you do that?
How do you do what? How do you hold the butter? Like what do you go there for? You go there to get a filet with sizzling butter? No, no. The steak was sizzling and it was delicious without the butter. Okay, Mr. Hunchun. And a Ruth Christ, a broiler, takes a very high temperatures, which is why they are so juicy and sizzling. Yeah, no, but
mmm, and the butter by the way they add after the way they're told me this last night, they add the butter after this through a
broiler, but it's the sizzle, man. Yeah, sizzle your ass. Okay, get out of here. I wasn't going to go through that experience again. They're always glad to hold the butter.
Hey, but at least now you know where the bathroom is. I know where the bathroom is. Chris is. Yes. No, no, let's not go there again. Okay.
It was the bathroom in the Hilton Hotel. It was already out of the restaurant. Thank God. Can you even imagine? Oh my God.
Because they're always happy to see us in there because they're regular customers, but if I would have had that accident inside the
joint, they'd say, oh, there's the guy that pooped his pants. Oh my God. Everybody run for the door. You know, like that. They would have thought that I left my
bag home or something like that. Carl Rowe, former deputy white house chief of staff says he's always been intimidated by first lady Laura Bush and that he has lived
in fear of first while first lady Barbara Bush for 37 years. That old bitch. Laura Bush intimidates me. Rowe tells GQ magazine interview for its
May edition. All the Bushers, while most of the Bush men, very incredibly strong women and they all intimidate me. He said to which I would say, you fair. Yeah.
I got a rope. Who are you fooling? You screaming queen. But speak of that. Ali Feltzing on CNN. Speaking of screaming queens. Rowe even found the grand
not only wife of the previous president, Bush scary. Barbara Bush. I've lived in fear for 37 years. He said he seems less afraid of Clinton. Giving me a very frank
assessment of the candidate and her campaign, which he says has been badly managed. Calling swallery, fatally flawed. Rowe said many voters
perceive her as a phony. You know, she went through the period where she had the calculated laugh. She went through the period where she had the calculated
accents and you build that on top of a person already has a reputation of anything she says is calculating. Rowe said that's what her problem is.
It's not a only problem, according to the secret of man. Some say manipulated the media and I was to former see I outed former see I operative
Valerie Plane. She also has a sense of entitlement that can annoy people. He said, you know, the sense of this is mine. I deserve it. We're the Clintons. This is ours.
And I think that caused a lot of people to say, you know what? It's not yours. And we want to go back to 90s when I said a lot of respect.
Do we want to go back to all that drama for your mama? And this business about we did this and we did that. She was married to the president. That's all. That was her claim. The famous night. She wasn't even a Senate then.
And yet we did this and we did that. You didn't do squat. Maybe you did do a little squat or maybe if you would have squatted more, you might have been better off.
But the former Republican official lands that Barack Obama is getting off easy in this campaign. I don't think they hold them the same standards, had Rowe.
Former Senate Minority Leader Tom Dachelors said, Roves criticism is an indicator of Clinton success. I would take Carl Roves criticism as a badge of honor, Dachelorette, Dachelorette, and Dachelorette in 2007.
You're not a good Democrat unless you've been criticized by Carl Rove at least once you said, thank you Carl. Do it again. Screw it again. Carl, you foany, you Nazi.
Thought we were worried about bowling, man. Don't you think that's an important badge of honor? Maybe the Nixon used to have a bowling alley in the White House.
Didn't I know that? Yeah. There's not one thing they'll bring it back. Maybe if a swallery wins or maybe if he the one of them win, they can have the bowl off right there in the White House bowling alley. Put it on pay-per-view.
Yeah. And of course, a swallery she can bring the balls. They can only stick about that.
Now, are you hinted by her as the rest of us are or not, Josh? Well, you know where I stand on politics these days, but yeah, she's nothing special, that's for sure.
Devasive, cold, shrill, and annoying. Other than that, I don't like the best out of T-Rex.
He's now the only one who's 40 or 560 QAM.
Thanks.
Forth, leader.
Fill out your brackets for Hoops hysteria online at wqam.com.
Here's the answer!
A bunch of thoughts!
Make your picks for the final four.
Hoops hysteria.
Long on in a flag. A presentation of sports for the un-fives to see.
Think about the only role.
Maybe you think.
It's 12.32 at 5.60 WQM. Unlike, was it yesterday? I guess it was yesterday. It showed dragged. I don't know what. I just seemed like I was here for 100 hours.
Remember that, Chris? I thought it would kind of look pretty good yesterday.
I'm not saying it didn't go well. I'm just saying it seemed long. Really long. F and Pondress.
Today seems to be a zippin' right along. Provocus Josh's butt's right out. I'm just gonna stay here.
Yeah, no doubt. I make it fun for you.
Yeah. You make it an event. Brent Padawski in the smirking chip writes,
don't blame Howard Dean.
He says Howard Dean isn't the tallest tree in the force of national politics,
but it's boasting for political insiders to blame the Democratic mess on him.
There is one hard criticism I will have of Dean. He should be speaking far more loudly against the tax that are so destructive.
They clearly helped John McCain.
Howard Dean didn't cause the mess and doesn't have the power to win it,
and many with far more power than Dean have remained weak, silent, and irrelevant.
Week, silent, and irrelevant.
Dean doesn't control 300 super delegates who lack the minimum political courage
to even take a stance supporting a candidate and have the presumption pomposity to publicly consider
whether highly unpopular political insiders should squandered the people in primaries and caucuses.
Where is Al Gore who said nothing to see of even minimal import in presidential politics,
through positions himself as a political and moral statesman?
Where is John Edwards with his intramedable invitations to candidates to solicit his support
and then his intramedable leaks of these meetings and his intramedable leak commentary
about why this or that candidate is not worthy of his support?
The list of suspects who deserve length of the Democratic fiasco is longer than Agatha Christie's list
and murder on the Orient Express.
How would Dean maybe weak, but what's even more pathetic in weak is that those who could have far more influence
have lacked the courage and statute of act while they whisper sweet nothings to the New York Times
blaming Dean for their own lack of courage and common sense.
At a white branch, you go, baby, he's doing it.
What is swallowing?
Public service.
And even though as originally drafted,
as originally drafted,
or me either,
women and African Americans were left out of America's founding promises.
There he goes.
So let's vote for Barack.
Maybe he's not what she's about to say.
I mean, seems to me, Martin Luther King, Jr.,
40 years ago today he was assassinated.
We're celebrating the memory of all the things he did.
So let's put the black guy in.
Here's what I'm thinking, swallowing.
What do you say to that, bitch?
I mean, honey.
2014 votes on the second poll.
That means we've got a bunch.
8.51 and 2.14 is what?
1075.
We are going to have over 1100 down on Friday.
On Friday.
And that's because Josh Cortes is here no matter what Brandon says.
That's right.
I think we'll have like 2 million votes by the end of the show.
I wouldn't be surprised if Eric gets on the stick.
Now speaking of the stick,
you guys don't use stick the ornament there.
What do you mean?
What do you spray?
Yeah, spray.
Like right guard to sport this.
What have you been calling it?
No, that's terrible.
I definitely use a stick.
You guys stick it?
Yeah, that's right.
The stick.
That's smart me, man.
It's like, oh.
I got one.
I got one in the other room, but I never use it.
I got one in the back room.
Sorry.
I'm not sorry.
It's like sticky.
It doesn't feel like, you know, if you use a spray and I just
could spray like right guard, you don't even know it.
You feel good all day.
I'm not sure what the sticks you've tried, but I mean the ones nowadays
don't even know they're on.
What does that mean?
You don't know they're on.
You put it on and it dries.
It's not like stickier anything.
Let me just go in the other room.
Oh, boy.
It's going to get the spray.
Probably.
I was going to get his whatever the stick would be.
Oh, the stick?
Okay, I see.
I got to go with the stick.
Yeah, I use the one where it's a white stick, but when it goes on clear.
Oh, I don't like the white.
I like the clear, but the spray just don't work.
Yeah, to me, you know what I mean?
You'll have BO by like 3 p.m.
You use the spray.
But I guess the other party, when it smells great, I look like crap.
Oh, what is this?
Something happened to this stuff.
Oh, oh, no.
That's why you don't use it.
It's spinning around.
It's got mung.
It's got mung on it.
I mean, like all the stuff came out on the, it's not supposed to be on top like that, is it?
I don't know.
Oh, oh.
God.
Let me wipe it off.
Oh.
There we go.
What do you know how like the stuff rose to the top, you know what I mean?
You know how that works?
I don't even know how the whole list damn thing works.
On the bottom, you just kind of turn it and the goo comes out.
Oh, you're terrible.
Well, the goo was already out and it was getting mooshy, you know.
Because I haven't used this in a long time.
I don't think there's much goo left in there.
Maybe that was the problem.
There you go.
I'm turning the knob on the bottom and I can see because it's clear.
It's right guard.
And I can see there's not much in there.
Nothing's happening.
Let me, let me smear it though.
There's enough on the top that I can smear it on my pits.
And let's see if I stink by 2 o'clock.
Oh, smells good.
I'd say that smells like a manly smell.
That's right.
Fresh right guard's sports.
That's right.
It'll stay there.
Right guard's sport gel.
Okay, I'm putting that thing over there.
And if it's good, I'm going to go out and buy me a new one.
It's not like I'll mung you know.
Did he use the right guard spray as well?
Yes.
Okay.
It would have me as well.
That's all I use.
I don't use this thing.
If I use this thing, you think all that mung would be on there?
I use old school deodorant.
You remember, bitch.
I think we're going to see you use old spice.
If you told me you had old spice, he would...
You heard of Mitchum?
Yeah.
Yeah, I used that.
In the dark green thing.
That's right.
Old school, man.
Ancient school, Mitchum.
Remember Robert Mitchum?
He was a drunkard.
He was in the first Cape Fear and did a really great job.
Robert Mitchum, good actor, a real drunkard and nasty guy.
They said a real bastard.
By the way, both of those movies were really good.
Did you see the new one?
Cape Fear?
Yes.
I'm trying to think of who was in the newer one.
Did you hear that?
The newer one.
I've seen it.
The other first one was much better.
I like Bolton on the lot.
Let me say it again.
You asked my opinion.
I'll tell you again.
I thought the first one with Robert Mitchum was much, much better.
Now, who else was in the first one with him?
Who played the...
What's Jimmy Stewart?
I don't know.
Oh, Google it.
Can you Google it?
Can you IMVB it?
Cape Fear, the Robert Mitchum one.
I'm trying to think who the guy was.
Gregory Peck.
Gregory Peck.
See?
I said Jimmy Stewart.
Jimmy Stewart was too an ambi-pambi to be in a movie like that.
You know who else is in it?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
He's in the st Right St Suit.
He's in the st Bowl.
He earned $1600, minha.
The Jack Man is off freezing world type today, long run.
32, Twilight Poop, V job, you caught em?
This color ideal has been Psychophile, can you Mark instead?
Show our newest lately screams.
Go to the Hobby Jazz Awards.
Show your newest baby 주세요.
Go to Hobby Jazz Awards.
じゃ t Champagne.
oh yeah twelve forty four sixteen one at five sixty w.m. Jeff Cohen not the pizza guy
but the journalist to write some common dreams that are
and elsewhere okay
and founding director of the park center for independent media
professor of journalism at ithika college
rights
forty years later martin Luther King still solanced
he says soon after martin Luther King's birthday became a federal holiday
nineteen eighty six
i began pride in mainstream needed to cover the dramatic story of kings last year
as he campaigned militantly against us for an economic policy
most of his last speeches were recorded
but year after year corporate networks have refused to wear the tapes
last night NBC nightly anchor Brian Williams and I saw it and thused over new color footage of king
that adorned its coverage of the forty th anniversary of assassination
report focused on the last phase of king's life but the same old blinders were in place
NBC showed young working class whites in Chicago taught in king but there was no
much of how elite media had taught a king in his last year
in nineteen sixty seven eight mainstream media self-reverting a bit like they
now see Reverend Jeremiah Wright
back then they denounced king's critical comments today they simply
silence them
while noting and passing the king's boat spoke out against the Vietnam war
mainstream reports they rarely acknowledge that he went way beyond Vietnam
to decry US militarism in general
i could never again raise my voice against the violence of the oppressed in
the ghetto said king in sixty seven speeches on foreign policy without having
first both clearly the greatest purveyor of violence in the world today my own
government
in response to these speeches newsweek said king was over his head and wanted a
race conscious minority to dictate US foreign policy
life magazine described the Nobel Peace Prize winner as a communist pond
who advocated abject surrender in Vietnam
the Washington Post couldn't have been more patronizing king has diminished his
usefulness to his cause to his country and was people they said
when case world voice moved beyond racial discrimination to international issues
the New York Times attacked his efforts to like the civil rights and anti-war
movements
king sermons on Vietnam could get his angry as those of Barack Obama's ex-poster
a pastor god didn't call America to engage in a senseless unjust war we've
committed more or cramsy almost than any other nation in the world he said
in nineteen sixty seven king was also criticizing the economic underpinnings of
US foreign policy rating against capitalist of the west investing huge sums
of money in Asia African South America only to take the profits out with no
concern for the social betterment of the countries
today capitalist of the west reef huge profits from their domination of global
media
thankfully we now have the internet and independent media let's work in slated
later speeches are available for the ages
the king has survived the war drums beating for the invasion occupation of a
rank
amplified by TV networks and the New York Times front page and Washington Post
at a trail page there's little that where he'd stand or how loudly he'd be
speaking out
and there's little about how big u.s. media would have reacted on fox news and
talk radio
king would have been dixie chicked or reverend right it
in corporate centers outlets he'd have been marginalized rather than fact that
you can say no chomsky
once the specs king would be marbling at the rise of Barack Obama the
multiracial movement behind him
would be happy with a bomb another democratic leaders who he found less
billions in the biggest military budget in world history
in nineteen sixty seven king's announced democratic control congress for
fighting the Pentagon budget while cutting anti-poverty programs declaring
a nation that continues year after year to spend money on military defense
than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual death
out of all the jet show he writes in the craft
makes a hell of a pizza too
how's he doing by the way ponies here we see him lately not
not recently no
course not
i just mentioned that in passing
i don't want to start a whole big thing about ourselves department because
you know what what's the point it's like rehashing old crap over and over again
like my mother used to do over it over on what's the point
in my right you bet
two hundred thirty four sometimes i feel like i'm talking to myself that's why
answer my own questions you know
and i'll return to her questions and i'll say myself
even though you're both there
or are we
you are
you better be you better be a two-clock year as better be sitting in that
chair i don't want to hear no spy report on Monday all court is left at one
forty because he's a
did them with our website the qm website
we're talking about
all the roads why wouldn't i do that
why would you do what why wouldn't i be here till two
in case you want to be a slacker that's all we have a lot of slackers a q amp
and engineers you saw you saw yourself this morning i did
you
we needed a sassistence baby we need some assistance and what are we get we got
like but a bit better than finally step stuff who's a real engineer by the
way's a good guy
i've never met him but George speaks very highly
very good
great guy real engineer he knows his crap he cares he gives a crap he actually
i think likes to show a little bit probably not
i don't think you know does he
he would have really liked to show back when we had the show remember when we
had the show
yeah remember when Josh worked on it was like a lot different than it is
today yeah
am i right it was so great
everything worked right i'm not talking about engineering wise i'm talking about
the show you smock right
good times man
lot of good times even what's your name ester roll never had good times like
those
although i think we had better times than i would be i know i had much better
times on zeta
on fm like a hundred thousand what signal they didn't go
like that when you're on four forty one
we have some signal issues but nevertheless see and that's another thing when
we look at these ratings we see how i look at the cube numbers and i think
to myself
but what's that long ago when our q used to be like a hundred and thirty thousand
how can it can be like sixty one or sixty five thousand i mean that's nothing
but then you stop and you analyze you put your notes to the grindstone you
stick it in there and you realize the changing nature of the medium
radio is a shadow i don't care about all these nab and all these executives
all radio is as strong as ever bull crap
course it's not
you got your people with your mp three place you got music coming out of your
ass now man they got their radio coming out of every four in their body they
got entertainment
yes am i right yeah
not to mention satellite radio
not to mention you know on the actual show itself we can't you know do what we
want of course that's right plus the add on to that the fcc limitations and the
joys limitations and the jolly joe limitations and the clearance limitations
and we're we're playing with about a tenth of a day we got about i don't know five
cards
speaking of playing cards
are you still vehemently opposed to the slots did we discuss that on monday
for good uh... it's not for me
but your buddy there one ten grand at the hard rock didn't one poll
one poll
he pulled it he pulled it in one ten g's wow and the game of rill send you a
picture maybe if he pulls it out again ten g's
that all the time
that's all it takes out of all find out about your boy brand and he'll help you
out
oh wow i think that was a shot
i probably more to the show for brand i'm sorry i thought you as executive
you know i don't know if they're giving me instructions don't do the show just
for granted he responded that but i just ignored it
i did it
i just because i know the two of you guys hate each other like poison and of course
i don't think i have a lot of it is man said forbidden love
it's like i said this morning
you're right
so love hate relationship it's a funny it's a big deal i love and they
hate this is the other way around
i don't know what you do the best of all four years and come here in the
winter time you know bird
i don't want to be a snow bird although i do qualify now for the early bird
dinner i don't see any early bird dinners here
i'm sure they must have some
someplace where they got them but have you have a more sense of their what
you have a more ristens cafeteria no we don't have no more ristens and either
do you i think they're gone i think actually yeah i think they're once they're
gone
forget about it we got picket-dily them do you still have picket-dily i see
them ever came to me you know actually some of those places weren't too bad
you know one of the things that they had it was really really really really
really good macaroni and cheese
that's god do i love and you know something it's a good thing i don't eat it
very often yeah i'll say you have a lot more of those hilton hotel
uh experiences
i'm not talking about that i'm talking about my blood sugar and my fat
i'm so fat i look in fact if i turn sideways here and look back in the mirror
oh
although you know something i'm that bad not good
not as bad and not as grotesque as i thought it would be i mean you're really fat
when you can't stand to see yourself
you know i mean by that what do you mean
when you can't stand to see yourself naked then you know your grove really
grotesque it's like it's like when you can't stand the smell of your own fart
that must be pretty bad it's like the way i smelled when i had that experience
that they hilted a couple weeks ago
i'm not exaggerating i'm on it's still luncheon i don't want to get too
graphic but i smelled so bad i i couldn't stand it
i don't want to get the elevated with myself
but i had no choice
you know the car looking at me i was
huh there's no residual smell of the car or anything
no there is not although paca was very concerned about oh you pooped in my
car but no i did not poop in your car okay
shmithead
my life is so complex now you know i mean it's very complicated
but the good thing is i'll get up at 4.35 in the morning tomorrow
i'll hop into Pontiac and i'll head off to it by 30 in the morning
yeah there's nobody there
Jesus because people are like you know sleeping i do well there on the weekends
i've done extraordinarily well and that's because no oh no that's right they're
sleeping even the even the late night friday night crowd
or on the Sunday morning the late night saturday night crowd they're gone man by
that time they're tapped out they're passed out they're drunk they're what
and they're in the sack so where you go to the casino with nobody's there
on the weekends yeah i mean like the other night when i went there there whatever
time it was there was people there i had a wait for the machine and i got a good
machine line and i had enough judgment enough judgment to realize that was the
paying machine i went back to it got the two grand on a line
i mean people that think it's just all blind luck it's your most of it is
but once it arrived i've told you this before if you use a little bit of
observation if you lose a little bit of
mentioning when you sneak back out of a machine that's paying that can be the
jackpot machine line and it was for me the other day
how do you like that but don't you understand the beauty of going in when there's
nobody there you can try all the different machines and see which one is
spinning and paying and you know you don't understand that no
you don't no that's like posthus it's like me going to Vegas
and at like four in the morning when i decide to go play blackjack i'm like oh
there's probably nobody in the casino right now let me go play black check is
if you need other people to be playing blackjack we don't need but at least you
need the do you want yes you need the dealer you see you're talking about a
social event i don't want a social event when i'm playing slots i'm not
interested in socializing i'm interested in maybe winning some money or
least having a good time having a chance for my money
like a wood buy most of the times they give you a shot if if the machines are
all dead for a period of time get up and go play something else go play with
yourself get out of there no one i'm saying
got you but Josh makes it something oh you go
when there's nobody there
needs it scenery don't you little something
hey i got news for a man there is some good scenery in that place
trust me give your message
i don't think to have angelina
surely locked down in your basement
i'm here present i'll hurt my dog i'll do it mister don't hurt precious
i'll hurt your dog mister and it puts the dog in the basket
103 at five sixty w to qm there's no question that since those 40 years ago
that martin Luther King was assassinated we made tremendous progress look at
the expansion in the NBA in pro football that's right i mean who the hell are
they kidding man this is the racist hateful it's just the way it is yeah
although the fact that not look at that there's the pool is america ready for a
black president seventy six percent say yes that's the newest pool in
December was like sixty seven percent so there is some progress but of course
he's half white we don't know which half you think that makes a difference
no no anyway guess what i just got a
my space email from you will p your pants oh boy well not you so much but
christwyl let me give you a clue pull my stir oh um i just got his name now
come on yeah oh yeah um wow i told you for that name will you be no
trawily me yeah that's it that's it it says go on i'm barely back in the country
week from two months over in europe on business pleasure and you're
tracing me after the show that's right and is there really so what do you
tell us that you were going over to europe so we would have known something
looks like you've had plenty of other submitting polls inside of the way well
i don't have another stroke i'll send jordson more on monday
okay Charlie i'm gonna try to stay calm by the way i gave you those gd
sandwich filler polls because you're always gabbing about food on the show
food makes for interesting talk right everybody sandwiches right of course
rights it's Charlie B so everybody's got their own preference bread filler you
name it yeah we haven't done the kind of uhs the the holder though yet have we
right bread pita bread i thought everybody would like to weigh in on their
favorites nothing wrong with those polls but hey it's your call he's here we
did and we put them up there we were we're running to uh you know suffer the
embarrassment i sent you and jord to total three hundred and fifty four polls
over the last two and a half years that's what my computer count reads one
thing i've never done in two and a half years is by you by
hectoring you about what topics i should submit
maybe if i did that i could send you more that you like oh well i so i sent one
freaking sandwich poll never hit the end of it geez he says geez he said take it
personal how do you like that geez poli
poli you take that personal poli won't see him no more
i'm trying to find that i found it you're thinking a sparing person yeah it says
by the way congrats on the news about the reupping although i was hoping norm
could find you a spot at a real radio station qa and beyond december come on you
really want to do that last thing i heard before i left you being offered to deal
with a gay radio network guess that was a joke huh yeah Charlie you're a little
bit slow the whole thing was a joke it was a silly silly joke but nevertheless
Charlie's a little slow but welcome back Charlie and you know what you're
thinking a sparing person right i just think he has two months off where uh he
can be thinking of all these new polls
look at brats he sleeps with the fishes now let's argue about that again now you
didn't send me one copy of that uh he said it's you six times and
just didn't send me one copy of that facts who's kind of i mean you know kind of
what all right listen every facts that comes through i'm going to send it your way okay
no not if it's from some crank or quick no no hey i come at you listen to me i
asked him yesterday to send the facts and apologize why didn't happen here that
because he was a hard-ass and he kept insisting oh well here's it's definitely
his attestio look a brats he sleeps with the fishes and he almost had me convinced
there for a second he was so damn close and he was such a hard-ass you know
and George and i've already been through this we already checked the dialogue online
but you know you can never do it too many times the look of brats he sleeps with the fishes
flamenza baby big fat flamenza i love that scene where he's making it he's showing Michael how to
make the sauce you know how to cook for a hundred men first you shove into sausages and
the meatballs little wine sugar and so he says cut the crap remember that yeah the look of brats
sleeps with the fish cut the crap passengers flying into four-letter deal from Newark New Jersey
with any hope of arriving on time should avoid jet blue flight five fifteen says the sun sent
on not just like today or any specific day any day the airlines last Friday the day from
Newark internationalized the worst single on time record of any flight in the country a
couldn't wait for reports yesterday by the US Department of Transportation the 850 p.m. flight
which is scheduled to arrive at 1149 and 4 Lauderdale was late 100% of the time
nothing like being consistent though hey it was late 100% of the time in the month of February
proving that there are some things that are perfect the average delay was 69 minutes
officials at 4 Lauderdale Hollywood claimed no responsibility for the feet
we have no control over that said Greg we admire spokesman for the airport we can't fly the
plane for them very clever Greg Steve Bellamy the airport's search I wonder if he's came to Brian
Bellamy at Pompe no Park a Brian you know the race starts now okay
God Steve Bellamy the airport's 13-year business development manager said he hasn't
recalled airline flying into four-letter deal ever been the recipient of the worst on time record
jet blue is four-letter deal reports number two carrier in terms of passengers spirit airlines
is numeral uno jet blue blames a domino effect the airlines warning flight is continued
delayed in Newark and that results in the airplane turning around late in four-letter deal
it's the victim that it congested northeast airspace as well as associated whether a
newer can florets does at Allison Eshelman spokeswoman for jet blue airways Chicago's
oh here international mounted off the top five most frequently delayed flights flights in
February claiming the other four spots four-letter deal has made the list since 2005
overall on-time performance itself but airports improved in February the four-letter
deal airport had on-time arrival 66th at the time compared with 63 and a half percent a year ago
probably to international at on-time arrival 66.9 percent compared with 61.4 percent of the
previous February only my international got worse who was saying that yesterday oh what well
that's good that's good to hear because I ripped my amy airport all the time on Monday
oh that was you the earlier me and I am yeah both of us were only my international
got worse with 62.6 percent on time arrivals down from 66.1 percent from our last year
shocking I don't have a big problem yet like I said the only thing that turned me away from
them was that excessive screening that they started doing if you're flying out of the country
like what do they do do they put the rubber glove on I mean no they yeah they put the rubber
glove and they stick their foot up like them they put the glove on their toe now what they do
is that if they if your boarding pass says you're going to Toronto or like to this anywhere in
Europe or wherever out of the country right they take the boarding pass away from you and the
guys that are doing the screening they hold on to it while the stuff is going through the
screening process you know okay being x-rayed and you are shuttled off to like a side room
we're like three or four other people or sometime I have it doesn't people and you're like
prisoners you know when you're stuck in there and meanwhile you're watching whoever's got the
boarding pass because they're passing it around you know and wiping their ass with it and
doing strange things and you want to make sure they don't lose you damn boarding pass because once
it's gone you know you're screwed right and then they finally you know they call you over and then
then they do another screening thing even though you've already been through the damn screening then
they have another thing they put you through and then you make you sit down take your shoes off
and they're like that or they really I want to do that twice and I will never go through that again
at Miami International too much too much one thing to be thorough it's one thing to be cautious it's
one thing to be careful it's nothing to be just obnoxious I could put up with the fact that nobody
speaks English there then bother me all that much I don't I don't listen to him anyway
I mean when you're flying into Miami or out of it you know you're in a foreign country anyway so
what's the difference right what do you expect you expect English and Miami no no I'm in
English I'll keep look at those ratings for Christ's sake that's another thing we left off when I
was going down the whole routine about radio being finished and especially in this market because
look at the demographics for Christ's sake how can we compete and quite frankly compared to the
other AM stations I mean you know the guys across the street are a joke they're a joke
they got basically twos they got ones the twos they're like the Lawrence Wall station a one or two
and hopefully a three but I doubt it that's them then they have a three in the afternoon something
mad dog edged them out I'll I'm sure that if you extrapolate just four to seven
that he kicks their ass the libassid thing but he's also settled the the breakdown of the hours
it's three to seven is actually going to dry so we settle that three to four hour nothing I'm not
saying that the jerks is doing like we're settled with a two to three hour from ten to three
or he tries to you you know what I'm trying to say I'm trying to say I'm saying I don't
beat around a bush I'm leading right out there for you okay now when the whole book comes out
in a month of an hour and a half it is and we see the hour these how can be proven wrong
he might be kicking big fat hairy ass but I don't think so
now it's only our time pool Obama 46 foot and 43 the brand new pool just came out
nationwide the our time pool Obama 46 swallery 43
leaving me to wonder out loud when is the bitch going to give it up
they close the best out there is no
Rogers 475 60 QAM
the fourth leader
fill out your brackets for hoops hysteria online at wqam.com
give me your chance to watch the song
make your picks for the final four
hoops hysteria long raising again
117 at 560 wqam
so what do we decide about that that was a rhetorical question that was interesting the way
they said that simultaneously that was that was fast-blazing right there yeah that was that was
I don't know revealing I think 272 votes on the pool you know what we got over 1100 and we're
even paying any attention a 51 and 272 is 23
123 Chris oh right mark put that in your pipe and smoke it okay I'd urge to be back on Monday by
the way I'm sure George will have a lot to be for it most of which we can't repeat on the air
and what we're going to tell him about these numbers oh may second is when the entire winter book
comes out I don't know what day of the week that is I didn't look do you know what day it is
again my birthday is May night is it really that's right and what do you suggesting I'm going to be
25 yeah I know where you're going with this buddy I'm not doing anywhere I know where you're going
with it no G where's my birthday card with a check-in song oh you know you're I'll send you a few
send your terrible I'm terrible yes you are in one way oh in some other words because I send you
those checks I'm terrible is that the deal no that's not the deal oh so what makes me terrible your
terrible because you you you're falling into that brand and thing we're like you think that I
come in here and I ask you for money but I'm I'm doing something to get that money and I just
remind you when I'm due to get it that's all because I know you forget about me now you're due to
get it whenever you feel like getting it okay this pretty much the way it works I'm going to the
keys and I need money to get drunk well listen if that's the case you know I'll just start coming in
and just you know whatever I got an event going on yeah that'll be the give it a try give it
a good shot okay how well that works okay I don't got no money for anybody okay I'm I'm
I'm I'm I'm already spending I my money is spent before I even make it oh swallowing by the way
lying as she usually does during a news conference in Burbank a reporter asked swallowing about a
reason he did exchange said we've taken place between the senator and New York governor Bill Richardson
New Mexico whatever I said governor in which he's alleged to have insisted that her opponent
senator Barack Obama could not win the upcoming election now what's this pool February 24th what
is that 54 to 38 favorite opinion democrats CBS New York Times pool Obama oh look at that and
swallowing has got a higher favorable opinion oh bomb supporter of course chairman of the Senate
and that'll services committee senator thank you very much for joining us I know this is a very
busy period for you right here what do you think about the two candidates back and forth
constant attack and counter attack on first of all we got elective with the white here and the
reports that Hillary and Bill Clinton have been you know telling Bill Richardson and others and
others super delegates supposedly that Barack Obama is not electable what is going on behind the
well it's a it's too long a time between primaries that's what's going on I and uh
trying to fill the space with something so every nuance every syllable that gets uttered gets
that's right what he's trying to say is that every time somebody fights everybody wants to know
what flavor it was what they have for breakfast am I right you bet you know Clinton responds we've
been going back and forth in this campaign about who said what to whom I don't talk about private
conversations but I've consistently made the case that I can win because I believe I can win
and you know sometimes people rather confusions what I'm saying somebody else can't win I can win
I know I can win that's what I do this every day and that's what my campaign is about I'm
into when I intend to do just that that's a no whatever that means I can do this and I can do
that's all she talks about she don't talk about him she's qualified John McAnne is qualified
about that other fella he ain't you know he ain't qualified and he can't win but she can
so yeah she should probably think about when in 2000 no not a 92 when Bill won the primary
yeah you know he finally got his you know the full approval or whatever in August or something
like that I'm thinking no or June or whatever I'm like no that was just one of those official but he
won it way before that and plus we started two months later they started two months later back then
exactly oh here's the nationwide poll with Obama against McCain Barack Obama 47 John McCain 42
have washed them up close I don't mind what's going on right now at this point I think Barack
Obama has it right he's not calling for Hillary Clinton to get out of the race she'll make the right
decision at the right time like tomorrow would be good come on so we'll read and do it
now who wrote this thing I'm gonna read now John Nichols on the Nation yes
good timing to just right up to the break excellent no side got this down to a science now
yeah now you want to take any more of those great calls if we had one guy on there we have
out the numbers man what because there's none there's none on the boat right now I'm not talking
about right now plus we got the 82nd delay I got we got to do the break I'm talking about like after
the break okay I asked you do you want to take them I would like that yes we would yes can I
read this first though sure please do I Nichols in the Nation endorsements and focus
eight Obama and Pennsylvania Congressman John Murth of the Pennsylvania Democratic to come on a
Hillary Clinton's most ardent backers in recent days toward reporters of the day that the New York
Senator will win a state's April 22 primary by a double digit margin a new Pennsylvania pulled by
KDKATV and survey USA has Clinton just 12 points ahead 53 to 41 of Obama who after a dislocated
march is now refocused on the race and pouring time and money into the keystone state a
Rasmussen report survey from the same time period has it even closer with Clinton 47 Obama 42
the KDKATV which was conducted too early to capture the full impact of popular Pennsylvania Senator
Casey's enthusiastic endorsement of Obama the Illinois Senator's campaign and expensive investment
TV ads almost certainly suggests too wide a margin the Rasmussen survey has the race of good deal
closer than any experienced observer in Pennsylvania think things stand right now but here's the best
bet at this point Murth will be proven wrong Obama's commitment to fight for Pennsylvania which
only came in a serious way last week will make the primary results closer than Clinton's 54 to 44 win
in Ohio in fact it could be much closer the Obama campaign has taken a lot of hits in the past
month but it's also learned a few things the candidate will spend the right amount of time on
the ground on the state his attention that of his campaign will not be divided as it was when the
Ohio and Texas primaries fell on the same day and the Illinoisan has a much more prominent backer
in Casey than he had in Ohio where the states stopped Democrats either backed Clinton or South
the race out indeed while the Rasmussen pulled his two optimistic at this point Clinton's final
margin of victory could well be within the five point range and if Obama focuses on economic issues
especially trade policy in a smart way he might yet gain the advantage for that to happen however
he must win the endorsement of the Pittsburgh-based United Steelworkers Union and the United
Mineworkers Union that remains a significant force in the state southwestern counties along the West
Virginia border there's something really strange about that part of Pennsylvania yeah it's
craggy like West Virginia all the mountains there the Appalachia mountains craggy ever been there
yeah you have yeah do you know were you like a wheeling downs racetrack why that didn't stay
there for very long just kind of like drove through it a couple dozen times but yeah
yeah
you know what we do
about how many times here's something along it's a lot to get us all up to the
the uh situation and here's the guy community respect who's that big
it's neat okay he's working the Florida company parts for a house for 34 years but didn't
take him any time at all but walk out once he gets to any $136 million mega million jackpot
oh that's somebody I can respect as opposed to these idiots oh we're on just gonna go to work
you get on Monday and uh oh come on oh I just want to get part first people on the
stage yeah and steal the money yeah I yelled at the boss I'm out of here so you said yesterday
I had to go to say loud we had quarters in downtown Lansing to pick up his first $1 million
dollar check the of the whole year and silver and Detroit said to be out of here as when as
you think in whatever you're talking about skipper stable in the whole year and the DRC Detroit race
oh yeah both long gone all the good things in Detroit are gone but nevertheless I still haven't
touched base with earth yet he said when he saw in the newspaper he had the winning ticket
my whole body went numb he said steath plants to buy cottage on mullet lake in northern Michigan
and maybe new fishing motor to to help him mind the wall eyes he loves to catch he's tired of
misplacing his glasses make it laser surgery to correct his vision and he'll probably move out
his three bedroom two bath ranch home although he plans to say in me shagan
he's even considering we turned to Eastern Michigan University to finish his bachelor's degree
he's a credit child of a major in warehousing and a minor in international market what an idiot
yeah what it was he needed to do that what he got the school for with $136 million
right well maybe he needs a good education sounds like to me sneaked here in 60 on Tuesday that
he wanted jackpot on his birthday friends of ours the first thought it was an April Fool's joke
I called my sister she didn't believe me I called my daughter she thought I was nuts at
sneath who said he made his first call to us x-wide Deborah oh that's the wrong that's another
bad move Deborah whom he called his significant x attended yesterday's news conference where
sneath was presented with a large replica of $136 million check his daughter was there with her
daughter as was his son who had bought the wedding ticket on his father's behalf during a trip
to a gas station to get cigarettes he just wanted to get some faggots and he got the ticket
sneath plans to take the lump payout worth 84.3 million or 60 million after taxes Jesus oh my
you want $136 million all he's going to get is like 60 million that's more than half that's
yesterday he got the first million dollars they'll get the remainder in a second payment at the
warehouse he made 60 to 70 grand a year so it's a little bit of an upgrade you know but
this government that American government man what about your grave robbers a bunch of lunatics
a self-described characters need generally kicked in 60 bucks a week with four co-workers at
his job in Brownstown to buy lottery tickets spending half the money on tickets for two days drawn
half for Fridays this time his son bought him 15 bucks worth of tickets picking numbers that
sneath suggested the wedding combination 417 26 46 56 plus 25 at a mega ball where number
sneath once got his arrangement and picked continues to play but as four co-workers didn't
it hardly lose out he plans to give him a million bucks each out of his winnings
sneath said he doesn't have any big plans for the money but noted number go toward buying a
big new foreign car i worked for Ford motor companies that i won't be buying no foreign product
how about a nice vet will be good that's made in Ohio bowling green
even though Ford don't make it
how about one of those nice new 06 did a time at orange
now yeah i love the 06 i would get a convertible 06 yeah far would get it that
sneaths 336 million dollar jackpot me seem alike but doesn't seem even close to the record
largest mega million jackpot was 390 million in martyce you're given the two winners in
joda and new joysy mega millions is a multi-seater lottery game offered in Michigan California
Georgia illoray merrill and massachusetts new jersey new yorko howtexas westward are a virginian
martin state jackpot started a guarantee 12 million grow when nobody wins a jackpot
so there you go he won 136 million he's gonna wind up with 16 million i mean not that 60 million's
bad forgot it was making 60 grand a year or whatever he was making but i mean what a ripoff what a
rape a rape of the american public man that's what goes on in america if you win 60 million here you
guess what they give you a check and you know how much 60 million none of this rape you know and it's
hard enough people work their asses off to try to scrape some cash together so they can survive
especially these days and somebody gets lucky and guess well well we don't want you to be too lucky
we want it we want our slice baby we're our big chunk that's enough to make me blow chunks
okay here's the pool and by the way we're over what do we got a little 130 million
well as he changed it hasn't changed it he does that right near the end of the show if he's
gonna do it for it i'm maybe maybe ira doesn't like you you know what do you mean what ira i don't
know he still reasonably sure well don't you remember when everybody hates me man right what you
shot to get used to it don't you remember when the two of you were feuding about who was going
to post the stories never something going on there we were we are feuding feuding about your
that's right i told him and your computer expertise that's right yeah something like i don't know
computer guys all the same if i had the time i would learn another language 114 to play an
instrument 51 more about investing 23 scuba diving 14 more about history 12 the Quran 11 so i could
blow myself up the carpentry nine more about jesus speaking of carpenters eight we need the son of a
carpenter son of a to manage my anger eight how to program myself phone eight to play golf six
sign language six to drive a stick shift five stick it stick it now can you enlighten us since
you're involved in some of these promotion meetings what is that supposed to be that ticket ticket
what why do they do that um i could never answer that question to ride a motorcycle for to play
crafts for to rollerblade three to sing one to do my own taxes none five time i learned to do my
own taxes none i mean they were talking about a waste of time so you have no idea with that ticket
it's subliminal and you know make a lot of people think of the ticket which probably isn't what you
want to do if you're smart right want to put like something subliminal either it'll be like
the coke running and saying Pepsi Pepsi like that you know i don't think they would do that
would they that's not the ticket no so maybe when the book came out maybe that's why they
gave us they stuck it stick it and like that i don't know like i said there's there's a diminishing
pie out there i do like pecan pie i love that banana cream though that caramelized banana cream
pie with Chris i'm not supposed to be eating that but man you just you just can't stop
it is just so damn good i bet neither one of you ever had it either no no i'm not a big dessert guy
but i do i do not tell him to keep the butter off my steak i can tell you that
it's crazy well you don't have the stomach you don't have ibs
you don't have irritable bowel that is a good thing for us that is a good thing that you don't have
that not some day leave it to the Irish so we don't have that some day when you're older you probably
have ibs you're probably be crap at all or you're probably won't go easy for you to say right now
oh gee that old fart 65 years old he needs a bag or something for crying out loud you what
your day will come and you go into a fancy restaurant those slather butter all over your steak
and boy you'll you'll be trying to squat your way down the hall and you don't we won't make it
and they'll be saying hey old man what's that is that road apples you got there behind your
what is that road app the best challenge you know just a little rocket so you have a picture
you're the force leader Jerry Schrader had a problem one day came anybody's now
up in heaven
oh
does gas act the same
does it linger in heaven
oh
would you be ashamed
to pull my finger and heaven
i'll know these things
when the fat lady says
cuz i'll be the one who brings tears to heaven
oh
one forty five you know that really is something to think about and of course there will be
those who would say well you won't be able to fart because you won't have anybody you won't
have any back them like that of course your obvious question is well would you be able to see
would you be able to smell would you be able to think
would you be able to feel feel what would you be able to sniff anything look at that who shares
your moral value is Barack Obama 70% McCain 66% swearing 60% she's bringing up a ass end
who shares your oral moral values look at this article by Allison kill Kenny John McCain is
an effing a horror oh well i hope she don't get suspended like Randy there you know
scared america he's a war horror it says Merriam Wupsig is the following definitions for the
word horror one a woman who engages in sexual acts for money prostitute also a promiscuous or
immoral woman two male who engages in sex acts for money or three a vinal or unscrupulous person
Lane ladies and gentlemen John McCain is a big effing a horror says Allison
John McCain is an embarrassment of contradictions he claims to be a man of the people but
has fed his life surrounding himself with only the finest pedigrees of elite rich wasps he pretends
to be a proponent of political reform when in fact he chronically dips into the lobbyist cookie jar
he sold his soul for the fringe right vote once a strict non interventionist conservative
McCain is now leading the campaign for expansionist policies all of these realities blatantly
contradict the McCain presented to the public a straight talker who's above the filthy game of politics
John McCain is in short a horror mad welch carefully explains in McCain the myth of a
maverick how the McCain of yesterday transformed into a lobbyist humping lying horror in 1983 the
unconversed been votes against the mission were standard of flamenary aspirants and Lebanon
he gave the following speech the fundamental question is what what is the united states interest
in Lebanon it is said we're there to keep the peace i ask what peace it said we're there to aid
the government i ask what government it said we're there to stabilize the region i asked who can
the u.s. who can the u.s. presence stabilize the region i think it means how but nevertheless
says what it says what can be expected we withdraw from Lebanon the same as will happen if we stay
i acknowledge at the level of fighting will increase if we leave i regretfully acknowledge
that many instance civilians will be heard but i firmly believe this will happen in any event
where was that john McCain when we needed him sadly he's buried beneath campaign contributions
and rising lobbyists McCain that is the 2008 horror McCain is more concerned with living
the presence of them from winning any kind of consistent message it was very very anti-war
until he wasn't meaning until it became clear that war was popular around the time of the first
Gulf War then a wolf straight talking horror McCain changes entire life story didn't
genomic canas always been for the surge he's always been a military man except when he wasn't but
that doesn't matter anymore john McCain is a rich a leadist who never stepped out of his war
mongering ancestors shadows he was enabled academy punk who transitioned nicely into a role of
pissed off old curmudgeon he's a rich mean man who holds a grudge he was so mean in fact that
his friends nicknamed him mcnasty now what did you expect me oh i'm back to you everything that comes
in so you know go and look any income that a US citizen earns world wide is taxable if you win the
jackpot and canter any other winnings or any's you're required to report it to the US and pay US
taxes on it wrong in addition if you give up your US citizenship so you don't have to pay taxes
you won't be allowed back into the country also wrong whoever heard of such crap in other words
there are people who become citizens of other country and they're not allowed back to the
whoever wrote this is about to be m-o-r-o-n like most says there are no taxes on any jackpot
winnings here no matter where once you come okay period there is nobody there to report to there
is nobody there like in Vegas you know how they come around the amphitheater a little form yes
that there's no such person there's no such activity going on it doesn't exist here okay
so whoever wrote this crap on this unsigned facts with no header on it is it even got a header
right now it's got nothing if you win the jackpot and canter they were no you're not no you were not
idiot moron and if you're and who's giving up their US citizenship who's saying
anything about that that guy schmuck Australia's prime minister came under Faradah
home Friday over a playful salute he gave to president Bojah to NATO summit meeting which critics
said seemed to suggest Australia and subservience to Washington Australian television repeatedly
broadcast videos of the gesture yesterday on the sidelines of the book arrest summit and speculated
about what it meant while opposition lawmakers said it'd be little Australia we're not the 51st
state of the US America and by the way let me just interrupt my story here if you're like Canadian in
fact they were on spot for it there's a place they can go to where they get your money back
if you're Canadian go to Vegas and they take money out of the jackpot you can get it back when
you come back to Canada really yes wow yeah you have to be Canadian citizen or just like living in Canada
like you are I don't know well I'm sure I can I'm American citizen if I went to Vegas I still have
to pay the same tax but if you're Canadian citizen or if any other country you can get your money back
that's pretty cool if any other country that doesn't tax winnings Australian television
repeatedly broadcast videos of the gesture yesterday on the sidelines of the book arrest summit
and speculated about what it meant while opposition lawmakers said it'd be little Australia
we're not the 51st state of the US of America and Mr. Rutsalouk here at a subservient
connotation many Australians well like said Bob Brown leader of the minor opposition greens party
the salute revive memories of southeast Asian countries including Malaysia
accusing Australia and their former Prime Minister John Howard of being too close to Bush
and too willing to adopt hawk issue as foreign policy. Rod explained he was just being friendly
to a world leader whom he had met for the first time as Prime Minister a week earlier in Washington
it was just a joke he said I was just saying hi to the President of the USA
he could have flipped him the burdens at high too how you doing Fred and flipped him a couple of these
am I right yes yes so all these experts out there just like the expert about all it was Tessio
that said that line about Luca Bratzi sleeps with a fish and if you're a US but a meat put a boat put
about yeah everybody's an expert and you know the interesting part of it is that all these experts
most have never stood foot outside the country not even the like Guadalajara or something like that
can coon how we doing on your second poll there Chris we have two million yet 316 yeah and look
at that we're getting out of here and Eric hasn't the change the thing yet I'm sure he's busy we got
317 votes right on the verge of two million if he doesn't change it for that mean because he changed
it for Zac yesterday was he yesterday uh
