No portion of this program will be reproduced about the express written for this video.
Here on a locker room, Joe.
Beats the broadcast group incorporated.
Move those little toys.
Now, are you thinking like a low level for some strange reason I'm like one of this?
Beat me at all.
I'm going to burn.
Good job.
I have a shotgun.
You know what, cut me.
Crank it up.
You.
Yeah.
Hey there, Iowa.
What's it like around Sioux City?
It's your big bag, caucus stay.
You let your choices by committee.
We are screwed.
Cause we are stuck with who you choose.
Who the hell are you?
Hey there, Iowa.
Is it Obama or John Edwards Biden?
God, or even Hillary, give one call.
Another of this, and you decide.
I could be McCain or that wrong guy.
Julianne is high.
Oh, you choose for your country.
Oh, the presidency.
Oh, take your caucus, please.
Oh, and stick it till you bleed.
Oh, you don't speak for me.
Well, whatever.
It's a 10.02 and 5.60 WDQ.
And what's the story today?
It's Thursday.
Yeah.
That means we got our 50-50 thing today.
Would you like to join the party?
Right on, it's food.
Or as J.B. says on that horrible halftime show.
Shannel!
What?
You wouldn't understand.
Is that a Michael Jackson thing?
Shannel.
Is that like Shemel?
Yeah, it's like Shemel.
It's very similar, I would think, probably related.
Anyway, here's what the deal is on the pool about the polls.
10.91.
We got almost 1100 votes.
Our goal is 1100, right, Chris?
Yes, sir.
Now, what do we do yesterday?
Well, we got a lot of votes on the pool.
Somebody might actually be listening, including some people who pretend that they're not.
But that's okay, because we don't really care.
At all.
No.
We don't care.
What's your take on these polls?
I enjoy them 533.
How do you like that?
For all you naysayers out there?
Oh, gee, polls are boring.
Wait, that's one guy that we lost, I'm sure.
The poll building is boring, I remember him.
Yes, sir.
All the things, remember?
Maybe he croaked.
Maybe somebody killed his ugly ass.
I enjoy them 533.
They're okay, 324.
So you put those two together, and you got almost 80%.
What's not to like?
Who cares?
150%.
So now you're way over 90%.
And then, of course, you've got your mouth contents.
Get rid of them.
60.
Get rid of them, which is kind of like retire.
Retire.
I'm not going to retire.
I'm not going to get rid of the poll.
How do you like that?
Up yours.
Your mama.
And I hate them 24.
That's really 2%.
Hate the poll.
The polls.
And the checks.
And the Germans.
The Democrats, 2004 presidential nominee, John Kerry.
Remember those grotesque sounds he used to make?
Dr. Raffi Raffi.
Is endorsing Barack Obama, person close to Kerry, says,
an NBC News has confirmed that report.
He's going to be announcing the endorsement this afternoon
in South Carolina.
All right, nothing could be finer than to endorse Obama
in South Carolina.
And you people out there, you Hillary people,
that want to like you, you know, go ahead, call in
and spoo your crap if you want.
Just like that, Mary, on the Myspace thing, you know,
if you really want to try to convince me to support Hillary Clinton,
you're farting into a gigantic tornado,
not just a wind storm, into a tornado, into a tsunami.
It ain't going to happen.
You're entitled, if you like her, go ahead vote for her,
send her money, you know, kissy kissy, or whatever.
Sit around, have a crying match with her.
Whatever you like to do, I don't like her.
I didn't like her before.
I don't like her now.
If she wins a nomination, of course I'll vote for her.
Am I going to vote for some Nazi? Of course not.
Like that guy that called yesterday pretending
that he had made up his mind, and the whole call
was a sales pitch for Hillary, you know?
Well, you know, she's met all these world leaders.
And she had tea with him.
Is there anyone who would suggest that Laura Bush
is qualified to be president because she's married
to this goofball?
No.
Or that Jackie Kennedy would have made a great present
or that the lady bird Johnson should have been elected,
or Pat Nixon got for bed, or Mamie Eisenhower,
or Eleanor Roosevelt?
You know, she would have been our first bull bike president, I guess.
Mm-hmm.
Eleanor.
My husband said, my husband said,
that's all she ever said was, my husband said.
But nevertheless, she's dead.
WDQA and Hello.
All right.
All right.
I'll ride.
That's a reminder to promote the adjure show coming
up to To the Satin, the Jason Jert Show,
which George is a big fan of, by the way,
is that great?
I would listen to it if they talked about anything else.
Really?
Anything at all.
Even with the bongos and the bongos.
With bongos, they could have saxophones,
they could have the nastiest jazz playing all the time.
And I was...
Nasty jazz.
Yeah.
So we got to jazz Jack Show at To the Satin Hill.
And he's cool, man.
If you don't believe me, just ask him.
He's as cool as an elephant's fart.
Then you got mad dog four to seven.
Oh, it's Thursday.
So we got that hurricane crap, hurricane droppings.
Hurricane hotline at the H.O.F. room at UM-7 and 9.
Well, what's H.O.F.?
The Hall of Fame room.
The Hall of Fame room?
Let me see it again.
Hall of Fame room?
Oh, I said that the mic.
The time is you.
Yes, the Hall of Fame.
Dolphins All asses the high school gridline report 9 to 10.
I guarantee you that gets a gigantic tune in an audience.
You can put them in a phone booth.
And then the beast, 10 to midnight.
I can't put him in a phone booth because he wouldn't fit.
But nevertheless.
And he's just, I don't know, biting his time, I guess.
Have we got any more update about with that guy that I'm in the lower guy from Kansas City who claims that he hasn't signed the deal yet?
But he's been talking to them and he got canned out there and he needs a gig and better be put a loop at a bot.
But nobody wants to work for like 50 cent an hour.
But you can only imagine the kind of money they're offering to deny to midnight.
How much is he going to have to pay them, you think?
Cute.
But we don't want to get into that.
Because we got some good things working in the wings, baby.
You either smell or freedom is in the air.
Oh God.
If you had any idea how badly what do you do?
This jock-sniffing fraternity that we got here would be nice to be on a radio station where they talk about anything other than ball games and guys who are jock-straps.
And who's got the biggest device steps and who's sticking the needle in their deck over often.
Stuff like that.
Oh my God.
Wouldn't that be great?
It would be.
WNQ-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Dave Jackson here.
I was wondering.
WNQ-A-M, hello.
Neil, this is just all those people who voted that they hate the polls.
If you hate the polls so much, why are you voting on them?
Thanks for your questions.
Thanks for your question.
No, we know the answer.
You want to know why?
Just like the people that said faxes, we hate you and we don't listen to you ever again.
Create some help.
That's all I would suggest you.
Okay, get a life, get some help.
And we don't really care.
Okay, I mean, if you want to say, if your life is that devoid of anything that you're going to take time to send us, make a call or send us those facts or email,
oh, we don't like you anymore and you suck.
Well, you know, that's not a comment on me or the show.
It's a comment on you.
It's a comment that...
I have no life.
Like that.
WNQ-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
There's my comfort barry.
I don't know.
Yes, sir.
Turn that radio off, sir.
Turn it off.
Okay, what do you got?
There it is.
Q-A-M, hello.
Yes, sir.
Happy New Year.
Back to you.
Yeah, so look at that.
Did you read that story this week about the Dutch tolerance fading away at the time, or the lead-life district, and the coffee shops?
We didn't know.
Oh, okay.
I was going to send you a video.
Where did you see that?
One day, I went to a lot of...
In the Sunday hell of...
Oh, well, who do I love to read that?
Getting rid of the coffee shops and the...
Well, you know, the thing I was just there last month and I didn't see any closed coffee shops or any fewer hookers or...
I didn't see anything different than I've ever seen before.
It looked like the same place to me.
Well, I come from the east part of the country and my city is completely cleaned up and I'm...
They go run by run.
It's going to be like a police station, just like here.
Well, won't that be thrilling?
How there'll be the end of tourism there?
Who now wants to go there for that crappy food, you know?
No, you got to go to Europe.
It's a place to go.
Amen.
Anyway, have a good New Year and stay on police, okay?
Okay, tootsians.
Do it, quickish!
Oh, do we be Truman, not...
Look at that, we had 1112 votes on the pool and now we can go home, I can go back to bed.
I can take me a nice nap to get ready for our transition.
Or what?
Our transition.
Oh, we've had you.
Oh, I think we're moving on to radio, getting...
I hate it.
I always think my dream.
I always think my dream is to be a Hollywood joebell and what I said before goes for you too.
Okay, don't waste people's time, including Norma Kent, even if it's only 30 seconds.
We don't know from you, okay?
We don't want to just leave us alone.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hola.
Please, Hillary, alone.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
I need to go!
Okay, now there was joe, that was it.
Solimente Uno, so Tonto Uno, okay?
Schmuck, every day we got to hear from this guy, who's then that's his stick.
That's all he ever said, which is mine, you know?
But yesterday, twice, and you want to know why?
I have no life.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
And he owned my mobile.
Yeah?
Well, congratulations.
I was in the foot of the other day, he was saying how...
How Hillary got to him.
He saw a human side of her that he hadn't seen when she started crying, do they?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that's squirt of you for a footy.
You know?
He's kicking ass over there at 6.10.
Oh!
Yeah, he's own.
He's kicking old ass, in fact, don't make duff come in and start ripping him on here.
He got him, mostly start crying.
A week or two ago when he came in, remember that?
Two days in a row, he came in with just ripping footy and ass that he so richly deserves.
He said he's never heard anything so bad in his life.
Love and 20 on the Apple, what's the love and 20?
I'm a dial, I have no idea.
KM-O-W-X, I don't know.
That's so many years.
So long gone since those great 50,000-lifetime powerhouse channels used to like pour in the
radio at night, KDK and WBZ and KM-O-WX and WH-O, whoo and what?
And like that, WH-A-M and Rochester, nobody wants you that, whoa, whoa, and for Wayne, whoa, whoa.
Remember, whoa, whoa, W-O-W-W, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
I wouldn't do first, right? And I would die before I was there. What?
So I was saying I would listen to the Jason Jackson show if they were talking about any other things. Jason Jackson show that's your improvement from Jerks Joe, Jack's what I have been calling him.
You got some nerve, man.
I know.
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQN.
I'm just joking. I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
I'm just joking.
Right.
Let's go.
He's acting out on again.
Right.
And now I'm not gonna die again when I didn't want to really
而ay me, you know.
What's the communities in my recently, man?
Yeah, yeah you have to save it, right?
Okay.
which I'm sure you already read this and I would haste I would haste to agree with him
I think friend is a little presumptuous there what friend is a little presumptuous
your close personal ask because he's poor to recon no it's because he never hugged
but uh... that Mexican you wouldn't even send me to fact that's not true that is true you hate
Mexicans and recon I don't know it's like the same with the uh... air every group
I don't I'm just not one like the orthodox in a conservative in the olive Jews and in a
uh... we're christian they all hate each other
anyway you're good friend portory can rouse says i've been a long time listener your
show no kidding
and let me tell you can't wait for the numbers to come out on the jason jackson show
this is the worst show ever he says i would say you are absolutely correct
i thought that the kinean boat morning show reached a new level of uh... mediocrity
that we could never possibly duplicate but you know something by comparison that
it's just i don't get it his whole concept of doing your uh... radio show is just
alien to me it's alien
it says i have to turn on the ipod for two hours because he's just bad
you thought the way he shows bad but this is the worst of the way he show it was
bad all right not not because of me or because of George
when he got it's not because of their insistence on the bushing it up and you
can hear the audio and then they would put on calls that enjoy it was the worst
put together piece of garbage it was almost as though they wanted to make me look
like a clown like a fool like an idiot and they did
and who cares you know right
small potatoes and and plus we had all those idiots in our way all the time remember
that fat Joe they used to hang around the yellow
fat Joe his claim to fame was he was fat and he ate all the free food
big deal we had a lot of those people this over the years
but he let me his bond like most of this a lot of fat producers you know
see better watch your back exact before you start talking smack
about the jack show
what did he say the other day when he was all been out of shape
Zach yeah I've done with him somebody needs to tell him that I'm done with him
you know something Zach let me put it to you this way we like you on this shot
and he's a good guy and an audience like so those couple of days he filled in
for he's a slap happy happy man yeah happy go like a guy but
he didn't get along with another great broadcast
oh don't don't don't you know along with jacks maybe it's uh he ought to look
in a mirror I don't think Zach is the problem oh mom just saying
I'm trying to give the other big deal better saying don't don't don't don't
I think you just have to start something
yeah that's right just try to stir it up as Joe likes to say
Joe was always back on the first he made me say oh you like to stir it up
hey that's next time you see Joe in the hallway by the way be sure and ask him
how Chippy's doing hey Chippy
one good thing about Joe he don't have no Chippy on the shoulder although he
should have after having gotten screwed over on this station twice and then got
in the scoot over across the street well what they is a Joe fineberg pulling
the plug on at abortion across the street
I don't know and a week from today is the rating oh baby I'm
smelling some bonus money man I can smell it is that we smell
hmm neither that or Joe uh jolly Joe just could another big one
so here's the uh a little more on it there but there it says developing so
there'll be more on this I mean all we got to do is say you know
Chery's gonna endorse Sparacco Bama this afternoon you think that's gonna
have any well it can't hurt because Chery actually won the election in 2004 but
didn't have the cajon's to a challenge the Ohio count which of course
everybody knows with totally fraudulent and a bunch of people went to jail but
nevertheless Barakko Bama has won the presidential endorsement
of Senator John Kerry the Democrats 2004 nominee who
allegedly launched to George W. Bush our dictator
Kerry Senator from Massachusetts plans to not
support this afternoon at a rally to the college at Charleston
Senate Democrat for many of a Kerry's decision the 2004 nominee will argue
that Obama can best unite the country and has the potential
to create to create transformational change
the person said the news may come as a surprise to former senator John Edwards
Kerry's running mate the ill-fated 2004 race you think about it from that angle
Edwards is languishing in third place behind Obama and
swillery but made do better in southern states it says
and John Kerry knows that John Edwards don't have a chance
and probably the John Edwards cost him the election because he was such a
a Yehu if he would have had a like a fireball is this running mate like
do you leave a mark or something like that who dragged out go down and made
sure that he didn't win and the media doesn't touch these things man with an
80-foot pole that there nobody in the mainstream media ever said one word
about the all the far-bistened all of the bigots they they're talking
out about racism when it comes to Alabama and people are won't vote for him
because he's black but nobody wanted to talk about the fact that a lot of
folks didn't vote for out Gore because his running mate was Jewish
and not just Jewish but orthodox far-bistened man
and you know how they're going Marwan they come up against some far-bistened
Jew or like that or Muslim I get really been out of shape they start doing
events in their pants what i'm wondering with Obama is if he makes it all
away and he gets elected to president stuff like that how long before someone
tries to uh you know what did i mention this the other day we let's not
start speculating with that okay he's got plenty of secret
service he's got plenty of protection there stay inside a lot that's my
suggestion of course everybody with a half a brain has been
wondering that worrying about that and thinking about that but uh you know he's
got lots to see all he likes to you know touch the flesh when you're running
for president you've got to go out there and squeeze the babies and squeeze the
boobies and whatever he's squeezing you know
am I right? Right and then again if you want the gate now where did George
disappear? I was talking into a off-mind yeah he just
forgot to put it back on you know how that goes
in other words they fixed the switch here but they are fixed yeah i never know
what i'm on or not so everyone's a lot talking to it right now
must have been very important but we didn't hear it that's right it was funny it
was hysterical it was the best line ever it was super winning yeah
what the number one is it's enough new Mexico is pulling out of the
presidential race after coming in fourth in both New Hampshire and Iowa
he made the decision after returning to New Mexico yesterday meeting with his
top advisors he's expected to make an announcement today bill Richardson's
dropping out and of course uh you wonder now who's going to get his votes
his withdrawal removes the candidate who had a hard-eaged message of immediate
troop withdrawal from Iraq but tempered with humorous tv ads that
emphasizes wide-ranging credentials in a clever and effective way
in New Hampshire he got less than 5% of the vote on Tuesday but you know
something if Obama would have gotten that the less than 5% he'd have beat her
ass and Iowa last Thursday he came in with two percent of the
caucus vote despite having spent weeks campaigning in the state and flooding
the airwaves with a series of commercials that portrayed him as a
job seeker in front of a board interview or unimpressed with his extensive
resume for a while he was in double digit territory in Iowa but that lead
diminished as the campaigns of Barack Obama and swillery gain strength
it's unclear whether Richardson supporters will gravitate to mr.
Obama or Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton
Mr. Richardson was the lone democrat to rise to Mr.
Mrs. Clinton's defense as she was seen to be criticized by the candidates
in an early democratic debate oh what they're picking on Hillary they're
picking on the woman all the guys again
I mean so childish we got this crazy all these people died in Iraq for no
reason we got a president vice president both of them ought to be impeached
and we're worried about whether they're picking on Hillary and did she
squirt a few tears this is the kind of superficial horse crap that the media
and the american public gravitate to
and if you don't believe me about that let me give you one audio piece of pure
evidence okay there you go with the directional
microphone that ABC didn't want to tell anybody about so they made him look
like a crazy person that's all they got to do is take one little thing like
swillery squirt in a couple of tears and make and show it 80 million times and
by the way Keith Oberman mister progressive mister liberal mister
democrat mister bush basher you sure didn't do any service yourself by
showing at 50,000 times on it I guess they thought that was going to hurt her
you know it was gonna make her look a little bit
too like a weepy woman you know and guess what surprise the woman liked it
are you still talking to a dead micro one okay well I don't know and this makes
it a little more down the line jazz music so that you know that I'm here how's that
no I don't want to hear no jazz music play some drum stuff
no bongo's I don't want to hear no jazz music I don't want to hear no jazz
mcay see ya see ya buddy see ya he was really something he had his life in a
he wasn't as something he was something else yeah a man who believed he
bore the mark of the beast used a circular saw to cut off
his own hand then he cooked it in the microwave and called 911 all right
the man in his mid 20s was calm when Kutney County Sheriff's Deputies
around Saturday it's called Kutney Kutney oh that's in Idaho yes Kutney uh well how
do I know that I never gonna Idaho why not in this because it who do I want to go
there in this new than Idaho town he was in protective custody in the mental
health unit of Kutney Medical Center I've been somewhat it had been somewhat cooked
by the time that appeared arrived so captain what wait a minute captain Ben Wolfinger
he put a tourniquet or on his army force we didn't bleed to death
oh no this is just sad it wasn't immediately clear whether the man's got a history of
mental illness he ought to be in radio at least he ought to be working with jolly joe
I knew if I'd ever spanked with him this is Johnson wouldn't say whether the
attempt was made to be attacked the hands setting patient confidentiality the book of
revelation the New Testament contains a passage which an angel is quoted as saying
if anyone worships the beast and his image and receives his mark on the forehader on the hand
he too will drink the wine of God's fury I never drink wine the book of Matthew also contains
the passage and if your right hand causes you to sin cut it off and throw it away it's better
for you to lose one part of your body than for your whole body to go to hell Wolfinger said he
didn't know which hand was amputated Wolfinger I say oh my god I wonder if it was an old or a
cold finger or a bad finger let him fifty five on a pullman of what's our purring in on the
poll about polls and I think a Brandon had a good idea for a poll what's your best one and
these are two polls actually with the best type of poll in the old takes and the worst ones
like movies tv politics celebrities music food south Florida radio sports all of these
welcome
thirty cc's in my left cheek welcome
and it's gonna keep me on on a winning streak
my muscles fall so much you can't get enough
you
I've got a giant head
and such a tiny protective
and I'm gonna have to find someone to blame if I'm gonna make it to the hollow face
it's like very much it's not a long no no no no
I'm a rocket man
rocket man
ruined my career on gross hormones
the worst town is gonna take a long time
can you say angry and a liar and head bigger than some of the planets so that's Roger Roger the
rocket it's the rocket yeah the pocket rocket and the rocket and stick it in your socket 1033
at 560 WDQAM Gail Collins in the New York Times got a really great op-ed piece it's called
Hillary's Free Pass I think you're like it all right whatever your politics people you have to
emit this is one great presidential race what next Fred Thompson takes Florida on a sympathy vote
from retirees they like a leader who's really really rested Janet responds to new emotion for
South Carolina anger is so cold weather I don't think anyone can top microbells speech to the
New Hampshire high school students when he told them to avoid alcohol and stick with marijuana but
really we're ready for anything if you're a fan of democracy Hillary Clinton's primary victory
this week has to be a good thing you don't want the whole lesson decided on the basis of a
strange ritual in Iowa that resembles red rover with votes along with a considered opinion
of a small state full of idiosyncratic new Englanders we want a turn South Dakota wants a turn
the democratic contest is extremely unusual for an American election that it contains more than one
viable option Barack Obama turns out to have a positive genius for making moderation sound exciting
and as perhaps the only politician in American history can get a crowd all worked up with a call to
politeness we can disagree without being disagreeable he said his new hamster farewell
drawing a roar of approval in a country where the sprawls go to the loudest shriek here this is
absolutely revolutionary and very important most Americans want a moderate government but nobody's
ever before been able to make moderate seem interesting let alone sexy remember Joseph Lieberman
on the other side there's the new Hillary Clinton who bears a distinct resemblance to the old
Hillary Clinton over the last week I listened to you and in the process I found my own voice he
told a victory party Tuesday night she then went on to give an extremely boring speech that began
this campaign is about people Clinton actually seems most genuine when she's being dull she's
gone back to talking about policy with voters that's just the way she saved her first center
campaign by disappearing into the depths of upstate New York for an endless listening tour
that Derby Ford is mad with tedium but seem to make the citizens very happy
finding common ground and working to make changes been the cause of my life she told a
Hampton New Hampshire crowd lifting Obama's theme she's a shameless borrower of other candidates
good stuff she even cribbed Barack signature fired up line on occasion and it's probably only a matter
of time before she announces the sudden discovery of long lost king in relatives but when she started
answering questions she got very Hillary talking about carbon neutrality and HMO payments and
procurement reform ticking off her five point plans and three-part explanations the large crowd
which have been standing in high school gym for nearly two hours before she arrived seem to
enjoy it her bond with the people isn't a passionate one but when it works as a genuine connection
that starts with the belief that she will work really really hard on their behalf everybody's
going to have a story about why the gender gap erupted New Hampshire where female voters rally
to Hillary side after the horrendous week when she lost Iowa was cornered in the weekend debate
told that she was unlikable on national TV and then teard up when a sympathetic voter asked her
how she held up under it all the women Obama's age look at him and see the popular boy who never
talked to him in high school that they relate to Clinton's strategy of constantly reminding
her audience that she's been working for reform for 35 years Barack's not going to be able to
top that unless he can prove he was an agent of change in elementary school my own favorite theory
is that this week Hillary was a stand-in for every woman who's overdosed on multitasking they
grabbed at the opportunity to have kids go back to school start a business become a lawyer
but there are days when they can't meet everybody's needs and amend in their lives love the ones
and otherwise make them feel like failures or towers of self-involvement Clinton's failed attempt
to suck it up hit home the women whose heart went up to Hillary knew that it wasn't rational she
asked for this race and if she was exhausted the other candidates were to John McCain is 71
and tired and nobody felt sorry for him the frontrunner always gets ganged up on in debates if
her campaign was in shambles it was her job to fix it or take the consequences but for one moment
women knew just how Hillary felt and they gave her a sympathy vote it wasn't a long-term
commitment just a brief strike by the sisters against their over-scheduled world or it just
could have been a better get out the vote operation that's what Gail Collins says in the New York
Times that's her take everybody's got to take you know what I mean like everybody's got to take
a choice and some of us have to take a have to rejoice like this morning that was outstanding oh
don't do that I don't click that thing on there Neil you're not gonna uh eleven seventy one
on the pool about polls and overwhelmingly they like them okay except for just a few mouth
contents who don't like anything W.D. Q.A.M. Hello two things quick reading and evening W.D. Q.A.M.
Hello I'm so proud of all the penises you've put in your body W.D. Q.A.M. Hello hey Neil how you doing
okay sir I'll give you my take on Hillary yeah I don't I don't think she realizes a lot of
people out here that are just they can't stand the thought of like Bush Clinton Bush Clinton
but two families control the country for thirty right yes correct and I think she's underestimating
that and if she's closely worked for reform for thirty five years things are getting worse and
worse so where's the reform yeah yeah I just another establishment shill you know I was you
were talking about radio earlier I remember that when I was growing up in Connecticut I used to
sport Wayne comments from Connecticut they've been coming where was it about that is right those
were the days you know eleven ninety yeah I loved it Robbie Irons was the gold tender I remember
we were okay have a great day the gold tender for the four Wayne comments all right
woo now we're getting really sports intensive clearance is going to be pleased with that of course
if he ever shows up again how to get his uh issues at home resolved I I guess he's here
today yeah he's right there well that's good because you know we can't continue without clearance
around WDQ way in hello I make it zero is that WDQ way in hello
uh speak it up for Wayne in the air WDQ way in hello
you know the best part of it that was a real call I know WDQ way in hello
WDQ way in hello it's the voting machines stupid WDQ way in hello
no it's not so bomb off if WDQ way in hello Peter Brown sports hall
okay now yours it's almost like a lineup it's like you see it the year during these primaries right
but is lined up to meet the candidates and meet and greet and we got the line up right this is
great like an assembly line of crazy people excellent I like it 1175 I like it today you know maybe
tomorrow I won't like it in fact that's something you probably should ask like it 1175 on a pool
what's your take on the pools I enjoy them 560 nine almost half the audience enjoys them they're
okay 362 there's another 30 percent right there that's almost 80 percent who cares 164 another 14
percent but get rid of them 62 and I hate them 27 how can you hate to pull
unlike the caller said how can you hate them and be voting on them that's the most interesting part
it's like people hate to show but guess what they're listening
they're gonna be allowed
decriminalize pot in Florida
is the only thing that matters
yes where sports matters more than anything in life sports means more to us than the health of our children
most of us are gay so we don't have any children even our lovers and friends those of us lucky enough to have any sports matters more than they do
our sports matters management who says we're heading into the right direction just like Captain Smith said on a Titanic
indifferently present another train wreck up unharrable garbage
are you voting Jackson are you voting Jason but you're doesn't have the Cody jk
I always take a lot of heat for those little problems.
As speaking of heat, a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a sideway there.
I'm learning. For some people it takes over 30 years to get it down, but when I look up from the program the record's way,
I can tell by this mile in the space of my practice times law.
Anyways, in a little bit off, we'll be joined by SELPO Claim Superstar Sports Writers,
Manauta Skolnik, Evan Cohen, and a dolphin team rabbi, Jackie Murmelsd.
We'll get back to our guest in a little bit after we figure out how to make an injury on his piece of paper.
What is SELPO Claim Superstar Sports Writers?
Oh, a log.
It is a time of fire, Mike. That's the only thing it's off. I guess it's for the commercials.
I mean, I'm a break. Break, yeah.
Yeah, they're going to be dropping some big logs on that show.
Make no mistake about it. 1047 speaking of dropping logs.
Yes. And they must ensure...
Oh, gee, there's your fearless leader with that same deer and headlights look on his ugly push.
Oh my god, like, oh, he was just over there in the Middle East talking up a bunch of crap.
There's going to be peace in our hand. That's what Kissinger told us. Peace in our hand. Speaking of logs.
Guess who died? Who died? Somebody we never heard of. I never did.
Johnny Grant. Who?
The Avoncular Honorary Mayor of Hollywood. Travel the world. What did you say?
Avoncular. Travel the world.
Wait a minute. I said, right, though. You can't just go past. I've never heard that word in my life.
Yes, you have. I have heard a few. I've never heard that one. What the hell does that mean?
It's just like a... What? You don't even know.
Avoncular. It's just a word for a goofball. Yeah, yeah, you don't know. I got to look it up and go Google it.
I mean, yeah. I'm looking up. Avuncular. Avoncular. At least I know how to say it as opposed to Harbinger.
Right? Actually, the only reason I mispronounced that word is because there was another word.
Oh, and singing me with words. There was another word like three words later that she had known that I was petrified.
Yeah. Or so off. See, I didn't have a clue. Neither do you. At least I admit it.
Of or relating to an uncle. Yeah. Suggestive of an uncle, especially in kindness or genealogy.
Yeah, like I said, like a backslacker like Johnny.
I remember when I was a little bit older than I was.
I remember when I was a little bit older than I was.
I remember when I was a little bit older than I was.
I remember when I was a little bit older than I was.
I remember when I was a little bit older than I was.
Avoncular. Is everyone was talking dictionaries?
You know what I mean? Huh? Yeah. Wow.
No, seriously. What is that from? Avoncular.
It's from a lot of myriad of webster pronunciation, I don't know.
I didn't know you could do that. That's really fancy. Avoncular.
Okay. That's enough. Don't keep saying that. It might be something dirty for all we got.
What did you say? Grant was perhaps known as a scholar. Avoncular.
Avoncular was the longest long story more than 500 celebrities. He is actually in the Hollywood Haka.
Haka fame. He has his own star at 6915 Hollywood Boulevard.
The lifelong bachelor. You fairy.
Living in a forest. Or sweet at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel.
Grant's mission in life was bringing the Tinseltown story to everybody.
He hosted Red Carpet Oscar arrivals at the Walker fame festivities.
Appeared in bit parts and movies and produced Hollywood's annual Christmas Parade.
I feel I've been the luckiest guy in the world he often said.
It's been a pretty good ride. Oh.
Anna Martinez-Haller, a spokesman for the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce,
who worked with Grant for 20 years, said he had several recent health problems,
including a broken bone in his back.
I had lunch with him today. We had omelets together.
When he said he wasn't feeling good enough, we had omelets together.
What kind of a moron has to tell us what they had for lunch, okay?
Mm-hmm.
I saw him walk away after lunch, and that was the last time I saw him.
Hollywood won't be the same move without him.
Oh, and here this goes on forever.
He did radio interviews in the lobby of Syros on Sunset Boulevard.
He did lucky strike cigarette commercials on the Jack Benishaw on radio.
Interviews with the Ham and Edgar Restaurant corner of Hollywood Boulevard in Vine Street.
In 51 he made his first overseas trip to entertain the troops.
He also worked for Gene Autria radio station KNPC.
As host of the Freeway Club from 51 to 59, and the Spigot Club,
become one of the nation's first DJs to mix regular traffic reports
between playing records and interviewing celebrities.
Wow. He was honorary mayor of Hollywood. He was this. He was that... and he's dead.
His biggest flaw, according to him, was when he introduced Joan Rivers to the cheering crowd
by she was inducted into Hollywood, a walk of fame, and introduced him by saying,
here she is, Miss Joan Collins. Rivers shook it off, telling the host she had been called much worse.
During his 84th birthday last night, Grant said all of his accomplishments
in Hollywood is most proud of three things.
The Hollywood sign, the walk of fame, and the Hollywood postmark.
We're not supposed to have one, because we're not our own city, said, but I got it.
He got a Hollywood...another exciting? No. He's dead.
Well, so do we have to call you a vunkyler kneel?
I make you a friend? We have to call you a vunkyler kneel?
Yes, that's a vunkyler kneel. That's it. It comes from the work of a vunky.
Let me see. Hello. How do you like that?
I think I'm toilet paper off Russian floors.
WQA and hello.
QA and hello.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Hello.
Hello섯orin has gone?
Hello undereverdienduity.
Hello and joнит geometrician?
Hello AND joнитmens readiness coils!
The crew adds on spring booze with latches transparent and automatic.
The crew add to the
You sound like Reverend Jones with a hair lift
George
George
Thank you.
Okay sir. WQM. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
I'm listening to your radio show now I always do all my day off.
I gotta tell you, I think 1000% right if the world wasn't ready to give a chance at a vice-president's seat
then I don't think they're gonna give a black a chance.
And I kinda think that the Republicans are pushing more than anybody else for a whole problem.
Oh those Republicans like John Kerry, you mean?
Well because if Obama should become a new president.
Let me know one Republican, one famous Republican who's endorsing Barack Obama. Can you name me one?
No all I'm saying is that the Republican people are pushing for Obama together.
The Republican want Hillary desperately because they know that she couldn't win a fixed race.
Okay. That's what they want. They're not pushing Obama.
Right.
They're pushing Hillary right into your face.
They want her desperately.
They're every Republicans' wildest wet dream is swillery man.
Because that would be the one opportunity the Democrats really have to
sneer defeat from the jaws of victory which they've done so many times over and over again.
Just like losing the W on that fixed election in 2000 after eight years of prosperity and everybody was happy
and nobody cared about Monica or the blue dress or any other crap.
And oh no.
Now when people are happy we want change.
They want change back then. Now they want change because they can't send another day of this
fascist regime we got in there man.
These Nazis, these neo-cons.
Neo-Nazis is what they are. Not neo-cons.
It's a neo-con job.
But they're neo-Nazis. That's what we did a long time ago and everybody, oh that neo he's so over the top.
He's so pretidused you know.
1190 on the pool, 1190s, WOWO and Fort Wayne comments.
What was the name of that goalie by the way George what do you say?
That was even for me that was just to be on. That was unacceptable.
By the way how the leech do last night?
Anybody have any idea they played on the west coast of Anaheim.
They were losing one nothing when I went to bed and I'm sure they must have lost that game.
Let me take a look here on my NHL center rice channel.
Oh look at that Anaheim 5 Toronto.
Oh boy what are we going to be a start seeing the heads rule there in that organization.
They really suck. Anaheim 5 and Toronto.
Oh the big O nothing.
Sounds like a loss to me George even George knows that ain't good when the other team has got 5 and you got nothing.
Yeah but I still don't care.
And he still couldn't give a crap.
Why do you?
I don't know.
I don't know.
He pissed off a lot of objects.
Fort Wayne your 560 QAM.
I'm giving more of.
Later.
This is the Neil Roger show.
Oh oh oh oh oh oh.
This is your dream.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Any questions?
Great sounds.
Where the mudwems go with the hang from trees and play banjo.
You got some food on a station on.
Newfangled raiding old.
Now as North.
Carolina goes.
Raleys of big city you know.
And that's where the beesleaves had to go.
For jolly Riley Jones.
Avant killer.
On who GM?
You do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend.
Think quickly walk away.
They had Joe go to 560 with ratings and the toilet bowl to get those.
Playings for full moes and order and control.
And then so.
Golly Rowley Joe of a killer.
Avant killer.
There you go.
Okay.
All right.
Russell Coco.
Thank you.
He's a good guy.
He's a chronic regular listener.
Good facts here.
And we don't mind chronics like that.
You know some chronic so we could do it.
That was good useful information.
That's slipped right by.
Yeah.
Avant killer.
I mean the when you tell me that you've never heard that word before.
I'm just well.
It leaves me kind of limp.
I hadn't obviously I had.
So you have you played it ever sunk in.
It never stunk in.
No.
How about jolly to it?
Did he ever stink in?
Avant killer.
Does he ever stink?
I don't know.
And that's it.
Close.
Trouble nine in the poll.
By the way, Chris ought to be just jumping for joy.
Thank you Eric.
By the way, Eric is working on a technical problem that we have,
which has got nothing to do with the show directly.
But nevertheless, he's working feverishly.
He's the man Eric.
Isn't that great?
Is it my correct?
Is he the he is a demand?
He's quite a man.
Really?
He's a big man.
Oh no.
I mean he's doing something good and you're picking on him.
You are just saying what you're saying.
What did I say?
That's what you just said.
Why would you get that from that?
Big in fact.
Because that's where you're steering in that direction.
There's a lot of fat producers.
He's tall.
Yeah, and fat.
Okay.
And he's the man.
He's great.
He's a lot of stuff for us in the show.
And he doesn't expect the money forward.
He doesn't call me.
You know what else he is?
Huh?
You know what else he is?
What?
A line killer.
Oh, I'm sure that.
He's very un-unc-uncly.
W-D-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
I thought it was so interesting last night, the way that Clinton apologists were, oh,
it had nothing to do about race whatsoever.
There's a woman on Chris Matthews.
She said, oh, the region, because he had posed the question, how could the polls be that
often?
She said, well, she said they didn't poll at the end after Hillary's cry.
There was no polling done in Chris Matthews.
Oh, that's solely incorrect by the way.
Well, no Chris Matthews.
Well, but Chris Matthews said this.
He said, now wait a minute.
He said, the exit polling.
This is after the people voted.
He said, had Obama winning big.
Yeah.
So it was obvious that they lied and then she said, well, why didn't that happen in Iowa?
Well, that's obvious because people-
You can't understand that.
They have to put the rules.
Their neighbors can see them.
You can't lie about your right.
Right.
So, obviously, oh, and the posters were so bad, but yet they had the Republican thing down
to the percentage.
Well, exactly.
To a science, to a tea.
Well, maybe some of them machines actually were fixed.
Who the hell knows?
I don't know.
Well, but like I say, they had it right there.
It was obvious.
It was a race thing and they weren't, they got an voting booth and they had nothing to do.
A lot of them were there.
Well, it came out.
Hillary was much more socially acceptable to say they voted for Obama than for Hillary.
Because if they would have said Hillary, whoever was doing the interview and would have said,
is there something wrong with you?
Can we use some assistance?
You know, like that.
Right.
And that takes away from Hillary.
She just got the votes because of that, not because of her great campaigning.
Well, just wait until we get to South Carolina, man, when there's a lot of dark folks around,
and you're going to see going to be a whole different story.
Oh, you better believe it.
I believe it.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
And there was a real call.
How do you like that?
Wow.
Well, we didn't mention Chris Matthews in politics.
That's right.
Doesn't Chris Matthews talk about politics?
Yeah.
And on to both sides of his mouth?
He yells.
Can't stay in Chris Matthews.
He was, he won't let anybody say a damn thing, man.
When he was on election night, it was just nauseating.
And like I said, they had Katrina Vandenhoove on there, and he kissed her ass.
The wonderful, the amazing Katrina Vandenhoove, the editor of the nation.
Wow.
And you know, and that was fine.
He introduced her all great, and then he wouldn't look at say a damn thing.
It was kind of like that bit with Carol, you know.
Right.
Thanks to it.
Thanks to it.
Thanks to it.
Like that.
Mm-hmm.
Oh.
Those are the days.
I think you just came up with what we need was lacking on the jerk show, man.
There's a few drum rolls.
A rim shot.
WDQ, a rimershot.
QA and hello.
A rim killer.
I am Junkilla.
Yeah, yeah.
WDQ and hello.
Sonic commercial shock.
All of them.
WDQ and hello.
Hey guys.
Yes.
Are you all about a table at work?
Hello.
What did you speak?
You talked about people that get your face.
Yeah.
Do you, can you help them with eyes?
Can I help them with what?
A diet?
Yeah, I got a diet for you.
Okay.
Lid.
The Lid diet.
WDQ and hello.
Good morning Neil.
How are you today?
Okay, sir.
I was listening to that Sid Rosenberg show.
He mentioned you this morning saying that his ratings were getting close to your.
No, not true.
Is that a possibility?
He lied a lot.
No, it's just like when they had that big bogus a month there and...
Oh, I got more listeners than Neil Rogers.
That went a month dropped off.
All of a sudden he stopped talking about that.
He just blows a lot of smoke.
And you're listening to him.
I have no idea.
Is it fast?
I wasn't.
Well, it was like I was flipping out.
Oh, you weren't.
You weren't.
In other words, the world came to a crop up toaster.
Get out of here.
I wasn't listening.
Yeah.
I just heard it through the grapevine.
Get out of here.
Another radio accident.
I hope you and Sid have a great life together.
Okay, get in the trunk because you're going to look to New York.
Because I guarantee you won't be long before in the middle of the night he gets inspired,
hops in his car, whatever he's driving, and heads back to New York to try to suck up the IMS again.
Just a matter of time.
He wants back up there, baby.
He don't want to be in this horse ball market and who else can blame him.
12-12 on the pole, by the way.
We are going to do a big number today.
In fact, I may do a big number again during the show.
Really?
Yeah, I'm warning you.
I may be rejoicing over and over again for the hall.
Rejoice.
Everybody be rejoicing.
Let me say rejoice.
Yeah, like that.
WDQA and hello.
Any else?
Yeah.
Is Norma still doing negotiations with 560?
With 560?
No, there's no negotiations with 560.
What do you mean by that?
So I mean.
Like there's a chance I'm going to stay here with these people.
When somebody says we don't want you around, I say, okay, we'll see.
Okay.
And is she trying to get something else somewhere out there?
Let me ask you a question.
Why are you like, uh, what do you think I'm doing?
I'm just sitting and waiting for the clock to tick until I run out of cash.
Is that the end?
Of course, of course we're working on other things.
But are you writing a book or something?
Oh, you want to date Norma?
Is she this?
Is she that?
Is she old and ugly?
Yes.
Like, hey.
I mean, you only complain about her.
Is she that?
Do you think she'll do you justice?
Do I think chickens will ever pee?
I honestly don't know.
What do you think?
What do you think?
I think that you're probably better off trying to hire another agent.
And I would love to render my services.
No thanks.
Oh my God.
I bet you would love to render your services, which I don't think I've anything to do with being an agent.
Maybe secret agent.
You'll write me by that?
I'll go and see great news.
The richest and the richest and dropped out.
So, let's count him out.
And John Kerry's endorsing Obama this afternoon, in case you were sleeping in late this morning,
John Kerry's going to make the big announcements back in Barack Obama.
And those unions in Vegas yesterday, including the big one, the culinary workers,
they're endorsing Obama.
So, you know, she can squeak out her wind and gritty, new Hampshire, gritty rhymes with Schmitty.
I mean, new Hampshire?
It's just geography, okay?
And they're talking about, well, it's right, you know, right there, Mitt Romney's own backyard.
And by the way, he's also got service.
Where's the, oh yeah.
Here's the story on Mitt Romney.
He's decided to pull his ass from South Carolina and Florida, a side of trouble for a campaign
that badly needs a win.
Romney had been hoping to challenge John McCain and Mike Huckleberry in South Carolina,
and Rudy Giuliani in Florida, where the former New York mayor has been spending time in money
and eating a lot of deli and a lot of maybe an Oches.
We feel the best strategies to focus our paid messaging in Michigan,
Romney's spokesman, Kevin Madden, said yesterday, the decision comes on the heels of back-to-hack,
back-to-hack, this in second place finishes in Iowa and New Hampshire for the former Massachusetts governor.
Romney and multi-millionaire had used lots of his own cash at a best and heavily in both states,
counting on the two to give them momentum towards the nomination.
He wanted the big mow.
But he had been spending about 280 grand a week in South Carolina,
spent $3 million there last year,
and Florida had been spending $160 grand a week in the spent $2.5 million in 2007.
But he's yanking it now, he's yanking the ads from South Carolina and Florida.
And he promises to carry on to Michigan, which votes January 15 as well as Nevada and South Carolina,
which votes January 19, Florida, January 29.
You didn't correct me when I made that mistake yesterday about being on Super Tuesday, February 5th.
No, they moved whatever.
Which is what got everybody all rigged out, you know.
They moved it up to the 20th.
Speaking of getting all rigged out.
The point of departure for permanent status negotiations.
Oh, this is a man who cannot speak.
He cannot speak the English language.
He's not just inarticulate.
He's like borderline illiterate.
And he's your president.
What does that say about America?
A, B and C.
12, 18 in the pool.
I'm pretty thrilled for that.
Chris ought to be just jumping for joy.
Plus, he got that food coming from Joy the Baker.
That's soon enough. I'm polishing it here.
Can there be any minute in this week's Neil Deals coming up in the less than an hour,
joy the Baker and Pemberpines?
Yes, I.
Don't change me, bro.
Don't change me.
Don't change me, bro.
Don't change me.
Don't change me, bro.
Don't change me.
Don't change me, bro.
Don't change me.
Don't change me, bro.
Don't change me.
Don't change me, bro.
Another QM budget meeting.
It's 11.17 in 5.60 WQM.
Happy Thursday to you.
Boy, it's going to be a big day next Thursday, you know what?
If I get ready right now, get the candles and the rockets and the balloons.
Party favors.
Party favors me.
Right, like that.
Look at this foam.
We're trying to take 40,000 calls on the show today.
And right now it's like that is the door nail.
They've been lined up pretty good today, though.
Maybe we talked to all of them already.
At least three or four times.
What do you think?
5.67.05.60.
Like I said yesterday, you just, I don't know what happens to you.
Yeah, a lot of things have happened to me.
Incredible transformation.
I mean, some of it for the better and some of it, I'm not so sure yet.
Yeah, well, maybe you'll feel better when we get back like I don't know.
You'll be able to station and everybody.
That will help.
That will certainly improve my award about the whole thing about life.
And that kind of just called them in and go, is Norma doing this?
And Norma doing that?
And I would like to be your agent.
Yeah, right.
Get out of my face.
Get out of my life.
Go find a life of your own, okay?
I have no idea.
All these Yentza's out there.
Everybody's a Yentza.
Everybody's a program director.
Everybody's a Yentza.
Everybody's an expert on somebody else's life.
Their own life, they can't find one.
I have no idea.
Everybody else's life, they're an expert on.
There's a YIT man, Yentza in training.
He's another one.
He's going to be opening up his neighbor's meal.
That's going to be his hobby when he gets in the condo.
You'll see.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, Loneal.
Yes, sir?
I've got a Mark Jacobs, Jacob's an update for you.
Yeah.
Do you have a class week where he is?
Is he alive?
He's alive.
He's got a billboard.
It's got to be 30-week tall of his silhouette up on Route 40
in the Raleigh-Duram area.
He must have got a billboard.
What the hell?
A billboard for what?
Card dealerships.
He's got a couple dealerships up there.
Well, good for him.
So he's bounced back nicely.
Well, excellent.
He was always nice to me.
I mean, he did force me to go on that stupid show a couple of times,
but he was always a good guy to me.
I played golf a couple of times when he was down here.
He was a good guy.
Yeah, he was.
And one other thing.
On a pole, people like me that have listened to you all back to the Wednesdays.
What would be really enjoyable?
If something like, what was your most enjoyable, kneel, error, whatever you have?
Like, when you were doing battle with the guy from Luch,
that was one of my favorite all-time kneel deals.
And also, the dying guy, all day long, I never stopped laughing when he was on.
But the guy, I'm dying over here.
Oh.
He did die. He's dead.
I know. God laughed every time.
He stayed there all four hours.
I just kept there.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
To do that.
Goodbye.
Okay, get some help.
WDQA and hello.
So this is the boy in front of the medication.
Oh, now he's got the girlfriend on their phone.
What are her fraud code of the form?
She got a sock over it and the phone, too.
Now, what kind of an imbecile must she be, huh?
Just like him.
What is the situation in that place in that house?
Oh, you don't want to know.
Sometimes you see those on the news.
Sometimes the cops show up.
You know, the house of filth.
Yeah.
People with bed sores, things like that.
With the kind of cats, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Crab on the floor.
The one you were.
Right, just dishes piled up in the sea.
Mm-hmm.
Got to be a cocked up.
Got to be a QA.
Who I am, hello.
Good morning, now.
Yes, sir.
You know what it seems to amaze me that I know you guys get a lot of chronic.
Being with the worst is the sports show chronic.
Yeah.
The guy from the board's head.
Storm cat.
Yeah.
These guys.
These guys.
I mean, some of you guys might be entertaining, but these guys, they really have no life.
You know, all the roads 10 hours a day.
And if I could try to call twice a day, I feel like I have no life sometimes.
Twice a day?
I mean, even I call once though in the blue moon, but if I even try to pick up the phone,
and call, I'm like, what the hell am I doing?
Right, exactly.
Get some help.
Pull over out of the road and get some help.
Hey, Neil, one scene from Glen Gelligway, Ross, that compared, uh,
that reminds me of you and Joe Bells, the scene where after Kevin Spacey gets to it all by Al Pacino,
Jack Levin comes out of the break room and tells him,
Where is he going to stray?
No, he tells it to all of my life.
I'm trying to tell you what Ronald was trying to tell you.
You don't belong in this business.
Mm-hmm.
Amen.
You got that toy, buddy.
Okay, see ya.
There.
Do call yourself a salesman, you son of a bitch.
You want to work here?
Close!
Yeah, close.
Do call yourself a salesman, you son of a bitch.
Put that coffee down.
Go to lunch, George.
Go to lunch.
Will you go to lunch?
Get it, John!
Hey!
I don't know, is that the one that's, uh, got a thing in it or something?
I don't remember.
One was.
He's got something in it.
They're all great.
Mm-hmm.
What do you play it?
All right.
A comment on you.
A US cable television's golf channel was suspended for two weeks here today.
By the company, for saying last week that young players who wanted to challenge Tiger Woods
should linch him in a back alley.
Did you see the story?
Did you see the stupid bitch on the ear?
Nope.
Oh, yeah.
Kelly Tildman was laughing during the exchange Friday with analyst Anilis Nick Feldo with
the Mercedes Benz Championship and Woods agent at IMG said he didn't think there was
any year's intent.
But, the comments became prevalent on news shows yesterday in American black activists,
Al Sharpton, there he is again, joined afraid by demanding she be fired immediately.
You know, this Al Sharpton, who the hell died and appointed you ahead of the human race?
You piece of fat piece of turd?
Golf channel didn't know who'd replaced Tildman for the channels coverage this week at
the Sony Open or next week at the Bob Hope Chrysler Classic.
There's simply no place on our network for offensive language like this.
The golf channel said to stay announcing the suspension.
And by the way, anybody who's watching the golf channel.
Absolutely correct sir.
I have no lines.
Help.
The suspension ends in time for the Buick invitation of January 24th when Woods will
make his 2008 debut.
Feldo and Tildman were discussing young players who could challenge the world's number
on player tour at the end of Friday's broadcast at Kapalua when Feldo suggested that to
take Tegrom maybe they should just gang up for a while.
Lynch him in a back alley she replied.
While we believe that Kelly's choice of words was inadvertent and she didn't intend
them in our offensive manner.
Words were hurtful and grossly inappropriate golf channel said constantly we decided to
spend her for two weeks effective immediately if not sooner.
Woods and Tildman have known each other for 12 years.
She was picked up to club demonstration with Woods and South.
Photo when he talked about new products from Nike Golf.
She was helping when Mark Steinberg Woods aged in the IMG said it was an unissue and
considered the matter case closed.
Tiger and Kelly are friends and Tiger has a great deal of respect for Kelly Steinberg
said Tuesday night and a statement released by the golf channel.
Regardless of choice of words used we know unequivocally there was no will of tenor.
Well so quit making a big simmiss just because every time somebody farts the wrong language
Al Sharpton opens up a big mouth.
I want her fired I want you fired now.
I think he ought to be fired from whatever Dizzy does.
Why can't we read this on here?
No but says you can convince your male audience to distract tie up or anything else to prevent
their female counterparts from voting on primary day.
If not for those older women voting Obama would have one new hamster in the landslide.
Well not just older 45 plus if you consider that old 45 plus she just destroyed demolished.
Maybe your promotion department can work a promo with one of your sponsors to have an extra
special early bird special on primary Tuesday for any women who can prove they did not vote.
There you go.
And then this thing about masterbaters and Copenhagen I can't read that on the air can I?
What are you?
Not on the heels of San Francisco and London Copenhagen is a to host a master beta thund in
May which organizes hope will help break lingering taboos about self love.
P.S. struck madzen that's your name.
A sexologist in the Danish capital said her goal was to see men and women from all backgrounds
join in an event that promised pleasure relaxation and sexual self discovery.
An masturbation is a positive safe and erotic alternative she said head of the event on
May 31 to take place at a yet to be decided venue with separate rooms for men women and
those who don't mind mingling.
The original master beta thund took place of course in San Francisco 98 with participants
raising money for good causes now an annual vendor was filed by similar event in London
in July 2006.
I wonder if Prince Charlie was there.
How much he was that happy to give many of the guys that helping glad I see.
Hey Prince Charlie you fairy.
Who the hell is he kidn that whole royal family man.
1236 on a pool about pools.
Pretty good see and then you laughed at me they laughed at me when I suggested I was
going to do that pull again.
Mm hmm.
That's what I was waiting for.
QAN hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi.
Is Neil.
Yes it is.
I just want to say I'm happy new year and listening to you this is about 87 or 88.
I covered you.
Wow.
And I don't care what's missing you're on.
I'll keep listening.
Excellent.
And then regarding the election primary in New Hampshire there's a paper ballot up there.
So there's no chance of any cheating going on in each township from its own election.
But you can't have someone like a Catholic Harris going in there and changing things to
the state.
Or Theresa LePore with a butterfly ballot.
Absolutely.
Anyway that's all I got.
I can't wait to know your thank you.
88 people run for this is at the Pearson Air and others in Calgary.
U.S. warships.
Who the hell care candidate emergency landing of people seriously.
There were some people seriously injured that had to make an emergency landing because of turbulence
in Calgary A. Do you think I care about that?
No.
No.
I mean why should I care about Calgary if it was here at Pearson Airport I'd say oh my goodness.
What's going on out there A. But Calgary I mean that's strictly for going.
I wonder if this thing got fixed here yet that Eric is working feverishly.
I don't know what did not but he's working on it.
And I appreciate his you know don't you.
I do.
No you don't.
What I did.
I do.
I'm sitting here with you guys.
I don't think he was a big sports leader.
Erhani.
This is I with this dude.
And the surviving candidates already very much on the ground in in action in New Hampshire.
John McCain wants to nail down his first big victory.
I'm very confident we're going to win here in New Hampshire.
Senator McCain what are your views on foreign policy?
I'll call him Bob.
I'll call him Moran.
No.
I think that's perfect.
You're broke real.
You sound like UW.
Who does not got a bad death in front of him?
No.
1130 dude I'd like to show you the astuteness of the Republicans.
Everybody's talking about the Democratic primary but the Republican field is so weak.
They're out of desperation.
They dragged the senile old fart who never made a war they didn't like.
Who wants to kill everybody?
I'm going to torture him.
Just kill him.
Then he doesn't like and they dragged his ass out again.
Desperation man.
And Mitt Romney he's already on the verge of throwing in the towel.
Yeah.
And my couple Barry he's sucking up to a cold beer and I think that being on it she was going to put him over the top.
But the good news is.
Yes.
The food is there.
Yeah.
All right.
It was a big one.
Excellent.
Got some chicken avocular here.
Chicken avocular.
Frenches.
Frenches.
How do you say it?
Frenches.
And some baked ziti.
Some penny pasta.
Whoa.
Some what do you got chicken parmesan?
All of these things.
What a party.
Are you talking about Eric Kingfeng?
Eric is watching what's here.
I haven't eaten all of it.
Yes.
But it's not working yet.
Still ain't working Eric.
I just thought I mentioned that in case he might be monitoring.
Well that's good and then less than a half an hour we put in a joy the baker of certificates on the line for it.
How many of them?
150 hour ones at the 25 bucks each is that correct?
With galagol.
Galagol.
Galagol.
But it's galagol.
We're talking in Guido talk now.
Okay.
There's one thing that I really like.
I mean that parsley lepo.
I don't know what that is.
No explain it to you if you want.
It's a vascular.
Grab a microphone and explain parsley lepo over here.
It is a very lightweight wine sauce.
There you go.
Right.
Took all the nutmeg.
It's delicious too.
I never heard of it.
Now we're bringing it.
You bring it in?
They eat it.
What part of it?
Speak up.
That's in the middle.
What part of Italy do they eat that?
Leena.
A family's from...
Leena of that microphone like your rock star.
My family's from the north.
It's called Montella.
Oh my god.
Not near Milano by any chance?
No.
Not that far north?
No.
Good.
Milano is a pretty boring to be honest with.
Is it?
I've never been there.
And they eat that risotto, man.
Instead of using olive oil like they do in the southeast butter with everything.
Oh man.
Yeah.
But hard attack on a plate in Milano.
But of course in Seville and Southern Italy it's the best.
That's the best.
That's a really good...
Good excellent.
Well thank you guys and you know we'll be doing a good job on those things.
I'm sure they're going to go like hotcakes at noon.
Katrina Vandenhoor in the nation says reading the signs in New Hampshire.
You're going to be reading that story again.
You're going to start reading stuff now and not take those great calls.
Look at that phone George.
There's smoking.
Wow.
I'll get to Katrina.
Mhm.
WQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Yes sir.
Hey.
I was probably going to have a clip from Magnolia to see him with Jason Robard.
He's dying.
He's talking about regret.
I'm dying on the hand.
Yeah.
What an awesome scene.
Man, I've started for the first time.
Awesome.
Yeah.
Another great movie.
Awesome.
Awesome.
And I can't stand Iliana late in it.
Take care.
Okay.
Well two for two there.
He can't stand Iliana Rosanna Dana and he loves Magnolia.
Even though George of course being a hard ass that he is all the ending sucks and I know it's too long.
A vine killer.
Yeah.
I didn't say it was too long.
You keep lying and putting it in my mouth.
You said it wasn't long enough.
It's an amazing thing.
No.
I didn't say that either.
I didn't say that either.
I didn't say that either.
Yeah you did.
You were going to have no ending.
QA in.
Neil.
I've been listening to this radio station for a long time.
I'm so tired.
I know.
And I just about had enough with the program.
And you think they learned your lesson with Kenny Walker and Kimberly Mojangles.
That was a, that was a Johnny Joel Bill invention by the way.
Oh I just had so many of your questions.
So now let's put the Jason Jerk show on.
Jason Jerk.
It's basically a bonafide substitute teacher on this radio station.
He comes and he fills in.
Now we're giving him two hours every day to talk about what?
What does Jason Jerk bring to the table?
What does he know about?
Sha.
Sha.
Yeah.
I mean, answer him.
I don't know.
I don't, I don't listen to what.
So I have no idea.
And now, and now, and see, look at what the station is facing now.
They put the Jason Jerk show on.
They put some no name guy at night.
There's a realist of chance you're going to be leaving.
What I can do from ten to two.
Who they going to put on now?
Andrew Ashwood?
That's an idea.
Andrew Ashwood.
I could take you some stories about him.
Wait, basically.
What are they doing about it?
I think what that station needs is a focus group or someone to take the radio 101.
They don't care about radio.
That's what they're doing on the radio.
They don't care about radio 101 or 102 or 103.
All they care about is sports and people that play games and wear joc straps and take showers together.
Don't you understand that if you've been listening a long time, that's all they care about?
I can tell you that I can see all the Jews are leaving.
Yeah.
I mean, I mean, that's a way.
What do you mean?
I mean, I'm not leaving because I'm getting pushed out.
That's right.
Pushed out the door.
It's not like I was.
There's like a Jew jam with the door.
That's right.
It's the QAM holocaust.
I mean, does anyone understand what's...
I mean, does anyone know what's...
No.
Seriously.
Jason...
Why do you keep repeating the same thing as if I don't know these things?
Because you know everything that goes on there.
No, I know I do.
I know anything that goes on there.
I haven't been in that building in six years.
How do I know what's going on there?
How is that guy?
Is he there to fill a quarter or something?
Okay.
It was just a matter of time.
That's right.
1248 on your floor.
We're going to make 1,500 today, maybe.
I can say 1,400.
What do you eat now?
Chicken fronze.
I just house mine.
But this is already pasta with the galagol.
What's this dish called, actually?
Penielovaka.
Penielovaka.
Penielovaka.
Oh man.
Yeah.
Where's he going to be?
He's going to be a little...
He's going to be a little...
He's going to be a little...
He's going to be a little...
Very little.
All right.
W.A.M.
Hello.
Yeah.
W.A.M.
Hola.
Is that a tiger?
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Meal.
Yeah.
I have a threefold thing.
One is in Toronto Airport.
Is there anything to do if I'm held over there for about four hours?
My next trip through...
Yeah.
Take a nap.
Well, what does that mean in Toronto Airport?
Is there anything to do?
It's going to be there for about an hour.
I don't really know where there's something to do.
It's like it's skippled and ampeded in.
They have a casino.
You can go and lose your money.
Yeah.
That's how it's going.
Is there a hotel?
Is that something interesting or anything you can go to?
Is there an airport for an hour?
Or I put a woodbind for a couple hours.
Get in the cabin.
Go to woodbind.
It's five minutes from the airport.
Oh, that's a vulnerability.
Is it far from downtown?
About half an hour.
That's not far.
Now, here's another very important matter.
Every problem I go to in Canada, the soap dishes in the shower, they're shaped like shell.
And they have this drain in the middle.
When you put your soap in, it drains every time you take a shower.
Instead of like in a state where this flat thing gets glued in.
I got a real good suggestion for a surf called body wash.
That's my suggestion.
Don't worry about the soap dish.
Sounds like a guy.
A little bit.
I never in my life heard anybody obsessed with the soap dish or the shape of it.
Or he is sticky.
You know what I mean?
Right.
Wow.
I was right.
Stay there where you are.
Stay where you are.
Please.
We don't need to do you here.
And by the way, thank you Mr. President for his little gas prices and that strong American dollar.
You butcher, you lunatic.
Let me take a look and see how the S&P guy doesn't call in today.
We don't want to hear from him ever again.
In fact, there are many people.
Oh boy, look at that.
The dollar is down.
It was just 33 points.
And the S&P is down almost nine.
The S&P is down.
It's down, baby.
A full of his money are soon farted.
I didn't go to Woodbine yesterday and if I'm smart, I won't go again today.
Right.
Right.
I'm eating a garlic roll bigger than my head by the way.
Hmm.
Oh, here's this strange guy at the fur ground.
You know, he looks really highly regarded there at one point.
And he'll be strange if he talks like that.
I'll go shoot you.
He's the, I think he's the race caller at the fur grounds.
And also with one of the Chicago tracks.
He's got a key.
In my tea, he speaks with like a nasal impediment of some kind.
He's a very strange guy.
Three, it's the three by E-lanks.
He will look for the two famous.
Because that combination, Brett Calhoun, Ramsey's a moment, coming off a win last time out.
But the $25,000, but as you mentioned, the seven was certainly the class of the game.
Let's get to the fur grounds races.
Let's carry them all live right here on QA.
And what do you say?
Okay.
Dude, it's a gesture to clearance because we want to be really sports intensive.
So to least got blasted last night at Anhigh in five, nothing.
It sounds like some real serious firings in order today.
Let's get with the game.
The best talent for his knowledge is 4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
He owned God.
It works.
It works.
How do I hear it?
You heard it.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
Get ready for the next challange before theymesan Dracula la
enga graduates the first Pennam's
three-year pizzas you're probably not cooler than when you walk in the
Good like Brady Quinn, the way they waste their drafts.
It's nothing but a sin, and they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number, how many teams in the week?
I did it!
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Their talents, scouts, don't have a clue.
The dolphin games are boring when they're on the radio, and everyone was put to sleep
by Jimmy Sapporo.
When he is calling, played by play, it's the same old tune, and just so Mandish had a job
on Sunday afternoon, but they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number, how many teams in the week?
I hear the fans begin to snooze, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying of
a head.
I sing the Omsad dolphins, he's hired the parcels, and I don't have to tell you the way
that true the smells.
They say he'll solve their problems, I wish him lots of luck.
No matter what he tries to do, but you will always suck in there.
The Miami Dolphins.
Oh right!
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number, what the hell, 32?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now they're through.
I can't just go by the exact same.
Other than the ones that come to the stadium obviously have way more money than they probably
should have.
There's that Bob Macau and the fan in Toronto, he's a great broadcaster, aren't too many
people I would say that about, but he is.
I do like that.
Whatever.
For those people, I always say, oh, you don't like anybody, you're always ripping
everybody out, that's not true.
Well, I hear a great broadcaster, I know one, okay, and he's one of them, not too many.
256 vote on the poll, what's your take on the polls, and thank you again Eric, the
everything works, including my, what's your call, I'll work your express.
Oh right!
So you might want to tell Josh Cortes if you see him, and he finds 600 stories on his
computer, probably disregard the ones that are on there like 10 times, because I recent
all the stuff that wouldn't go out.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
I don't know.
I'm just telling you everything works now, thank you Eric, you're the best, we appreciate
you so much, so very much.
It's a labor of love.
WQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
The people that brought in the food today, are they any relationship to the old restaurant
called John the Baker?
I don't know.
Is there anybody here?
No, the answer is no.
There's nothing to do with the John, it's John.
You've never heard of the guy.
Joey's a lot more attending the doll, although it might be Johnny, I don't know.
Okay, great.
Well, I'm going to give you a shot, get on the computer and get a couple of those.
Okay, good, thank you.
We actually bought the store from John about two months ago.
So there you go.
Oh, okay.
So it used to be John the Baker, now it's Joey the Baker.
Yes.
Well, John the Baker used to always be very good too, and this is probably like even a
little bit of improvement.
It's great.
And the penny, all about the, penny, all about the, all about the, all about the, all
about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the
, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the
, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the
the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
all about the, all about the, all about the, all about the,
the book.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
The book is better in the movie.
Reading the signs in New Hampshire, Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Katrina Van Inhovel says,
Well, now we're back up to 67.
You see we had some bogus ones on area.
I hate when it goes back up like that.
I don't know how back to 66, huh?
Kickback.
The number is bouncing around.
I enjoy the BakerOneRWQM.com.
Just get out of there and grab them, okay?
WQA M, hello.
QAM, hello.
Oh, two in a row, all right.
The phones have been a little spastic for a part of the time.
You're like, I'm blazing.
You know what I'm saying?
Blazing.
We haven't had a phone response on the phone.
You know what I'm saying?
What about a hundred years since we were like on a real radio station?
Since alien, I would say.
And with those alien days,
65.
65 what?
What do we got for 65 left?
Years.
Let's see, 65.
Where was I in 65?
I was in the Marshall Michigan.
How about that?
I was in Cuba.
No, I was in Albion Michigan.
Excuse me, 66.
I don't know where the hell I was.
Marshall, Albion, Sturgis.
One of those big markets.
60.
Down to 60 now.
We're going to wind and down, move these out.
I'd like to move my lesson on order.
That'll be real fun.
We'll be doing this.
Ask.
WDQA-M, hello.
It's all due to me.
WDQA-M, hello.
Can you expose that?
QA-M, hello.
QA-M.
Yeah.
Hello.
Can I get back?
I'm not going to go back to the thing.
QA-M, hello.
Neil, I got a bowler.
WDQA-M, hello.
QA-M.
Bill.
Yeah.
Buddy.
I hate Billy.
I hate Chris.
I hate him.
I hate Chris.
I hate Chris.
WDQA-M, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yeah.
Granted the golf channel chick is an idiot sheep.
Okay.
Oh, he said chick.
I thought he said some else, didn't you?
Nope.
Sounds like a Schmidt to me.
Did it?
Oh, I mean, did something like that, but no, he said chick.
He sounded so boring.
Yeah, exactly.
I don't know.
I'm not saying that's the word he said.
But we still got 60 left in those joy-to-bakers certificates,
which is really depressing.
Hopefully they're not still there.
Are they the guys still there?
Yeah, they're right there.
Phenomenal guy.
Well, they probably thought these would sell out in like about 40 seconds.
They had no idea they haven't done this before.
We sold 40 in 12 minutes.
That's pretty good.
That is pretty good.
No, it's really good, but you got 100 in the takes a little while.
Okay. So, all of them get impatient and start bitching and moaning and stuff like that.
Oh, they can't take the food back at this point, so.
Yeah.
Are you starting to catch on now?
Why?
So, are you starting to catch on to how the hundreds work?
You know something for a guy that used to be stupid about two minutes ago.
All of a sudden you got so smart, you know.
It's just amazing to me how that happened.
Like a miracle.
Just like us getting this internet thing, I'll fix it up again.
Look at that.
It works.
Thank you, Eric, and we got almost 13-year votes on the pool.
What the hell is not the last?
Am I right?
The best out of it is a little politics.
It's 4.256.
You are.
And the sports leader.
Yank it, baby!
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harfei.
Stand by for news.
Adrian found himself in front of the pearly gates where St. Peter explains that it's not easy to get into heaven.
There is a criteria to be met before entry.
It will be allowed.
St. Peter asked Adrian if he was religious in life.
Did he attend church?
No.
St. Peter told him that's bad.
Was he generous?
Did he give money to the poor, charities?
No.
St. Peter told him that too.
Was bad.
Did he do any good deeds?
Help his neighbor anything?
No.
St. Peter was becoming concerned.
Exasperated Peter says, look, everybody does something nice some time.
I'm working with me here.
I'm trying to help.
Now think.
Well, Adrian says there was this old lady.
I came out of a store and found her surrounded by a dozen hells angels.
They had taken her person.
We're shoving her around, taunting and abusing her.
I got so mad, I threw my bags down, fought through the crowd and got her purse back.
I then helped her to her feet and went to the biggest baddest biker and told him how despicable cowardly
and mean he was.
And then I spat in his face.
St. Peter impressed, said, when did this happen?
Adrian said about ten minutes ago.
All right.
Good day.
Good day.
Come 17 at 560 W.
We're doing pretty good on those things.
We're going to be at 39.
We're down to 47 and then we went back to the city.
And now we got 49.
Is that what you got?
I got 48.
I got 48.
I got 48.
So we got more than half of them sold in just a few minutes and we got 48 left.
And let me just tell you this right now.
Like Tommy always says, once they're gone, they're gone.
Once they're gone.
They're gone.
So I hop on her right now and get a good, good challenge.
If it is.
And they take credit cards now, by the way.
They didn't use to-
They would take credit cards now.
Yeah, honey like that.
The other biker didn't, these guys do.
Well, that's because these guys are smart.
Not like you can say.
We don't know.
They know what's going on.
That's right.
They're living and breathing.
People, they know something about you guys out there.
And in fact, you're trying to find two nipples to rub together.
They added dishes.
They modified the menu.
They spruced it up.
They gully the place up a little.
Manger, Manger.
In fact, I noticed on the last, on the board we got on our website there.
Yeah.
It says, come on.
We even take out delivery and a great eating catering menu.
You must Manger Tuttakosi with the joy of the biker.
Tuttakosi.
What does that mean?
Everything.
Okay.
They did deliver before either.
So now they do.
They what?
They deliver now.
They didn't use to know they do.
Well, there you go.
That's not too much.
A lot of improvement.
Oh, and after that sauce was, it's a white sauce or something like that.
I've got what he said.
He just told me that on the air when you called this.
He knew it was his filling your fat face.
My whole.
He'll be in.
Yes.
It's my 50th man.
I have a birthday song, please.
Your 50th one.
Oh, 50th birthday.
Well, in that case, one moment, please.
Thank you.
I have to birthday to me.
And I have to.
Happy birthday to you, sir.
It's my big 10th anniversary, but I noticed that my correspondence out there been ignoring
me this morning.
That's okay.
They're probably out to lunch.
Maybe they're on a way to join the Baker.
I get to send some of those certificates by the way, my close person.
I will not.
To your close personal buddy.
I will not.
Although Pete only gave me one.
Hey, Pete.
No one gave me two.
Never mind.
Listen, you better start getting your, say, your peas and cues in order right now.
Okay?
Well, we're waiting.
Are they in need of our lives?
And tell chicken neck, by the way, that he's.
Did you tell him what he's saying?
What did I say?
No, what he's saying?
He said about a poop, about a beep.
What did you say?
We're back up to 52.
We're going in the wrong direction.
It's all your fault.
We've got some deadbeats out there.
Okay, forget about credit cards.
We got some deadbeats who don't have workable credit cards.
Well, we're still got almost half of them gone.
We'll do it.
Because once they're gone, WDQAM, hello.
John, back him on over.
QAM, hello.
Hey, 65.
I was still knowing on my mom's mail.
You're there for sure.
You're great.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey, how's it going?
Okay.
Hey, Neil, listen.
When your invocation George was pushing this vibrate sponge, and I want to get my hands on
one, I want to know where I can buy one.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
QAM, seriously, trying to stick it to you, like they try to stick it to hang.
If they are.
What do they mean?
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Like they tried to stick it to hang.
Oh, they did.
Excuse me.
I see hang from the actor anymore.
They did stick.
They stuck it to hang.
And now they try to stick it to you.
And they just grew up all the manager and the hell with them dividing.
Okay.
Colors 5 and 6 at this number, when $100 gift certificate to join the Baker and Pembroke
Pines, $1,800, 227,0560.
That's our contest line.
Colors 5 and 6, $1,800, 227,0560, when $100 gift certificate to join the Baker and Pembroke
Pines.
Oh, well.
Wow, that's pretty good stuff, huh?
Doing $100 or $50.
You are impossible, man.
What word did I read wrong on this piece of paper?
How long have you wrote that wrong?
Colors 5 and 6 at $100, 227,0560, when $100 gift certificate to join the Baker and Pembroke
Pines, not a $50 certificate, not a $5 certificate, like Chris is going to get $100 certificate.
You smuck, you idiot, you...
You're fair.
Simple than you.
Why do you take the simplest of things?
You know, on a rare occasion when I get something right, which I read there just brilliantly,
how difficult was it to read those 20 words, you know?
I don't know, but they still have to complicate it.
Oh, so great.
50 or $100, it's got nothing to do with that other thing.
It's just something they're doing to be nice.
They're getting $250.
If you don't stop, if you don't stop...
This is important information people need to know.
People need to know what?
That it's $250 instead of $100.
We got $52 left, by the way, of the other ones.
See, your cooperating matters right now.
What are you talking about?
Shut up.
WQA, hello.
Mail.
Yes.
Akin, you...
Tell me what's good for heart from man.
I got a lot of heart from heart from heart. I don't know what's good for that.
WQA, hello.
I'll tell you what's really good for it.
Watch every time. QA, hello.
Hey, Neil, can we get rid of short jokes and bring Dr. Crow?
QA, hello.
Yeah.
I'm here to win the ticket.
Oh, all right.
I didn't think he said it old enough for that, but maybe he is.
He will be here.
He'll be here.
You could be a fetus and stuff for an old enough to snore around.
We want to snore around for something free.
Yeah, I got something free for you.
Thanking is the other guy.
So we're stuck on $52.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Nothing has happened on there.
Wow, it's a little bit like you said.
There's a limited, we'll do whatever we can.
We'll do the best we can.
This business of being in a big hurry, like Chris always says when he got $100,
I'm going to take time.
Is that what you always say?
Correct.
Don't say any more, though.
WQA, hello.
Time back, I'm over.
QA, hello.
WQA, hello.
WQA, hello.
What's up, that's the time back, big, Neil.
Speaking.
And you know how you doing?
Okay.
What's in I got a question for you.
How can you not do any commercial anymore?
Because they don't sell any.
No, I mean I hear Joe Rose all the time.
Yeah, that's what they sell.
They don't sell this show.
Yeah, it's for again, maybe he'll believe you this time.
Yeah.
Well, what were, what were, didn't you understand the first time?
The, the guy's the worst and he's obnoxious.
Well, you know something, if you don't like the big dog,
then don't listen to him.
That's my suggestion for you.
Okay, do not listen to him.
If there's something you don't like, whether it's me or him or jerks or whatever it is,
very simple.
Don't listen to him.
Don't have to call up a show and go into a big saw in a day.
And in addition to which, anybody don't like the big dog,
your taste is in your taste, okay?
Now some of the singing I could live without, there's no question about that.
But he's like everybody else all day.
He's gonna cut a record.
What are you talking about?
Direct from the factory.
You know, he's singing.
I could, but that's his stick.
You know, he's a great guy.
You can hit my rear end.
That's right.
You don't like Joe Rose, we don't like you.
How do you like that?
That's, that's my stance on that.
I have a very weak stance.
We got 51 left on the certificates.
But they started out like a house on fire there and then we ran out of stakers.
We ran out of steam, yeah.
WDQA M, hello.
QA M, hello.
QA M. Yes?
Would you ever give it?
WQA M, hello.
Hey, this is Joe Rose from the vibrating spot.
WDQA M, hello.
Thanks from Mr. G.
WDQA M, hello.
Neil?
Yeah.
So they said Neil Rogers did this?
Yeah, and you said that, and we said, that I'm being get out of our face.
For you, you talk about weak material, man.
You folks are...
The thing you brought at brains all over the nice, I really suit.
Beyond pathetic.
Thanks Eric, by the way, though, for making my day.
That was a wonderful thing he did.
You have no idea how much angster was missing?
No.
With that, well, you know when you're in an issue, you know what I can do.
Yeah, at the end of the world.
I'm going to get this fixed and I spent time with him on a phone last night,
about a beep, but about 51 still left there on Joey DeBaker,
and those $50 certificates, you pay only 25 bucks,
and get some really sensational attending, uh, his chow.
For life and me, I'll never understand the way this thing works.
So there's John Kerry.
Quakeway brings the lessons of the neighborhood,
the lessons of the latest change.
Frank Kerry, in Jörgstein, Barack Obama.
And no sense of his own life to that awesome challenge
and my friends, those are really good looking young guy with a light
camera shirt on, getting behind him.
Get out of the way, John.
And they're the same lessons that he will take to the Oval Office
every day to fight for you as President of the United States.
All right.
Man, he must have swallowed a few doggy uppers this morning, huh?
What's the biggest name?
The best time of his new projects.
4.30, 5.60, QAM.
Me.
4.00, leader.
Congratulations.
Get a life.
The following conversation is real.
It took place in a minibam on a highway in California.
Mommy, I have to go.
Oh, you should've thought about that before you left the house.
This could be a messy situation but this family has John star in their vehicle.
Just push a button and John star is there to help.
Okay, honey.
The John star toilet is in the last row of seas, go back there and use it.
No matter where you are.
No matter what time it is, John Star is there to provide immediate relief.
For me!
What now, honey?
I can't go!
But he's looking at me!
He's making that grunting face!
Ah!
Bill, don't watch your sister when she poops.
John Star.
Always there.
Always ready.
Never private.
Call 31 at 560-780-QI-M.
Happy Thursday to our All Your Pysons.
Next Thursday, huge day when those ratings come out, man.
I'm going to read every number in the year thing in a book.
Good.
Every one of them.
Even in one station that are like none on the area.
Mix a little more.
44, we got this, so we just sold seven.
And we got 44.
My Chris always tells me, just relax.
Don't get all hyper.
It takes time when you've got 100 of these.
We already move 56 of them.
You're okay.
Well, there's a lot of pressure on us.
You're like, oh, we want to see a sell them all in two seconds.
You know, like we did that one week, remember that?
Yeah, but that was, you know, for a bar.
For a bar?
What are you talking about?
Boosies.
You seem to get a bunch of booze hound.
Yes.
Yes.
Like Huckleberry Hound.
Yes.
You're right.
That's pretty good, though.
I'll check on it eventually.
I'll check on it again.
Keep your eye on it, Chris.
There's something for you to do.
Okay, we'll keep you off the year.
1303 on the pool, though.
You top 1300 today on the pool.
What's your take on these pools?
What's your take?
Oh, here's the article about Michael Bloomberg.
He's inching closer to running.
Isn't that great?
Mm, whatever.
Bad news.
And you want to know what?
Forgetting about anything else, whether he's a competent mayor,
whether he knows what the hell he's talking about.
Forget about any of the other things.
What's the main reason he hasn't got a Chinatown's chance
in hell of getting elected?
Michael Bloomberg.
I don't know.
He's a Jewish.
Well, there you go.
Oi!
He's got about as much chance of getting elected.
Presum is he as getting hired to QIM.
WDQYN, hello.
Hello.
What is that?
WDQYN, hello.
Make it a bit free.
Make it a bit free.
Make it a bit free.
QYN, hello.
Hello?
Yes.
Yeah, I want to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
I'm coming to get you joining the Iranian Navy now, Neil.
5.670560, pound 5.60, but that was John McCain doing a voice.
One for sure.
Sure.
You can tell by that puffiness that's the sound from his TK or the one in his face.
Let go.
The one in his face.
The one in his fat ass.
5.670560, pound 5.60, and they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
And they singularly find Thursday.
And it's not, it's okay.
I'm spectacular.
It's all right.
I guess I better get back on it.
Because no more of them are moving.
We've got 44.
43.
43.
So you didn't even open up a mouth.
I had to ask.
We told him not to talk, saying it.
I know.
I didn't tell you not to talk about that.
I said, oh, I'll talk about other crap.
Like about confounding and confusing.
Now did those people call in and get those $100 certificates?
I did believe so.
Good.
WQAM, hello.
I'm the Jew and I get tapeworms.
We don't care.
QAM, hello.
I'm resting mama.
I...
See what I mean?
Now this guy, the only good thing I could ever say about that guy was all for all those 80
years that he's been doing that.
It was always once a day.
Am I right?
Right.
Yesterday he decided he was going to do it twice.
And when he called earlier, my name is Joe and when do I know and I really blow.
And like that.
And I said, OK.
Once.
Once.
But he came control himself.
I have no life.
These people, Canada and the word is obsessed.
Even people who factions.
Oh, I'm all through with you and you're out there.
You suck.
You know, I don't want to mention any names because I'm not great because that's what they're
looking for.
Oh, yeah.
Even those people.
It's like a sickness.
It's like a disease.
An obsession.
Or she has another reason.
It's a good thing to be 1200 miles away.
Good.
Gully.
Too much time in her hand.
I have no life.
I mean, anybody that's got time on her hands to make these calls and to send those factions.
Obviously got too much time in my hands.
Who did that song?
Sticks.
Oh, yeah.
Stick it.
Stick it to them.
Stick it.
Stick it.
Stick it.
Stick it.
So when we're getting the announcement from Joel Feinberg that they're shutting that turkey
off over there.
I don't know any minute now, sure.
Oh, maybe that's what the deal is.
Oh, we're back up to 48.
We just got five more back.
Okay, I'm not working with that anymore.
Okay, whatever we do, we do.
And the food is great.
It's a wonderful place.
And we wish them all the best.
You know what I mean?
We need them.
That's why people are doing that anymore.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
Who is the QA?
I know she knows it Search!
Is there any house you go to or for a nap, do you go out with food?
Yes, you know what?
An unmotivable house..?
Isn't there a map you can see?
Did nobody tell about you?
How is that possible?
Why would you let me see such examples from you?
over there. Caca, that's what it is. Six thousand years it's been going on. It's
always going to go on because it's that good old religious hate and don't forget
about the Christians too. They want their peace of Jerusalem man. It's the Holy
Land. It's the Holy Land. Yeah. Go live in the desert. Go on live in the desert
move to Vegas. Okay, that's my suggestion. You'll have a much better time and the
foods better. 13, I've written 13 votes. How we doing on that thing? 43. 40. 40.
Back to 43 again. No, 40. Oh, 40. See that'll go slowly but surely and whatever we do
will do as opposed to Christ get me all whipped up and oh geez the old man isn't
going on. And nobody said before. Well, he said more than that off here but yeah.
I'm sure he did.
That's the best time.
The best time.
Oh, for those nights when you feel like a woman.
You're a mago. You feel like a woman. Yeah, I feel like a woman.
But in a school get one. That's the time for Lady Brute.
Yeah, it's a retuffed day at the precinct. I smell like a man. Which I hate. So I
sprays on somebody's stuff. You know, and then I hit down to the bar. Hey, you got
a problem with it. Spongebob. Lady Brute, when you feel like a woman.
So, it's cupcake. Yeah, you want to dance?
You from Faggers J. Okay, 1244, 16 to 1 at QAM. Here's a fact from Billy Goe who says
there will be blood. That's the name of the movie from the same director of
Magnolia and others. What? Blood. There will be blood.
Starting Daniel De Lewis is an oral tycoon in the 20s. Looks really good in
bloody. Happy two years as Billy Goe. Well, what'd you think about that? I'll
watch it. 1317 on the pool. How are we doing on those certificates? Last time I
looked we had 40 left. What's up to 45 because we had five
fakers. Five of fakers again. Five deadbeats. Well, that's okay. It's up and down,
up and down, in and out. Whatever it is, case the raster out. We're doing the best we can.
The food is sensational. The offer is there and take it or leave it.
Sun Sendhal says, dog isn't this man's best friend. This is from Durham, North
Carolina. But there's a lot of strange things happen in the Carolinas.
George. Yeah, I know that's strange place. So dog isn't this man's best friend.
And his name is J-O-S-U-E, which is not Jose. How do you say that?
Jose. Jose. Okay.
Jose.
Chris answered, you're the one that's supposed to know this. And Chris answered it.
Well, he was on that man. He was going to be me too.
Jose, had he was Coranillo. Coranillo. Whatever his name is.
18 droves black camera on the wrong side of the road. Wednesday, question to the art of a man.
Who wants for dogs? Police said police found crushed bushes of damaged fence and
an operable car and a fresh chupret in a pile of dog feces. Following a different trail
down the street, Sergeant Dale Gunner noticed a white van driving toward him. When he asked
to pass you this step, how do you notice the smell of booze on the man's breath and the
evidence all over his shoes? The dog feces.
Harry O'S Coranillo was charged with driving while impaired and drinking underage and released
on $1500 fail. Couldn't it be immediately a ragevert comment?
As if, what's he going to say?
But a beep, but a boop, but a boop.
10 roll. Your favorite 10 rolls. He has a great column on smoking.
Champy says, my cock-a-bee isn't qualified for public office. He may not be smart enough
to hold a job, yet he could become our next president.
Huckabee's upset, 50 now. What cock-a-sis is as evidence that American democracy still
works at a Friday night event. Right when calmness William Crystal will pind in the New
York Times. Huckabee played bass with a local bass with a local rock band. Bass. He was
fishing for bass and playing bass. Mama Kicks. One secretary in New Hampshire Republicans
reaction, gee, he's not some kind of crazy Christian.
Huckabee is an affable, funny ordinary Joe on a shoestring budget who trounce a slick
multi-millionaire. But he's also a crazy Christian, and he won because crazy Christians
motivated by anti-mormon bigotry voted for him in the Republican Party hate Trump's cash.
If Huckabee were Muslim, he'd be a radical Islamist. Denying separation of church and state
he said at the Baptist Convention 1998 that he got into politics because he knew
government didn't have the real answers that the real answers line accepting Jesus crushed
into our lives. A Muslim Huckabee would agree with the Taliban's requirement that women
were burkers. Also, when 98 assigned a newspaper at a U.S.A. today supporting biblical
principles of marriage and family life, including one that said, a wife is to submit herself
graciously to the servant leadership of her husband, even as the church willingly
submits to the headship of Christ. The ex-preacher ex-governor's intent on his extreme religious
beliefs is inability to reason logically as what makes his political ascendancy frightening.
I feel homosexuality is an aberrant, unnatural, and sinful lifestyle, and we now know what
can pose a dangerous public health risk, he said, in 92. When asked about his remark in December
2007, he ve affirmed it, well, I believe it would be, just like lying is sinful and stealing
is sinful. Whether gay is sinned by having sex or by merely existing, I don't know and
don't care what I know for certain is the difference between the unusual and the unnatural,
he said. Insofar as the majority of people are straight,
heterosexuality is the normal sexual orientation, yet it hardly follows that gays estimated
to account between 2 and 5% of the U.S. population are aberrant. It may be, and probably is, that
it's normal for 2 to 5% of the people to be gay. Only 2% of Americans have right here,
but redheads aren't unnatural. The vast majority of the world's biomass is composed of
quill and insects, but humans aren't abnormal. During his 92 run for the Senate, Huckabee
called for HIV-AIDS patients to be forcibly isolated from the general population. If the
federal government is truly serious about doing something with the AIDS virus he argued,
we need to take steps to isolate the carriers of this plague. It's difficult to understand
the public policy toward AIDS. It's the first time in the history of civilization where
it inverts the carriers of a genuine plague, having been isolated from the general population.
Even though it was common knowledge at the time, Huckabee apparently didn't know that HIV-AIDS
cannot be spread by casual contact like a genuine plague. Similarly, Huckabee has said
that extraordinary means are being taken to make sure these detainees, and Guantanamo,
are being given really every consideration. Again, he's in title of his Outlandish views,
in this case, supporting the kidnapping, torture, force-feeding, and long-term imprisonment
of children's youngster or teen without charging them with a crime or a long name to be represented
by a lawyer. But when he describes this in Humane Treatment as giving detainees, really
every consideration is either dumb or his lying. Nearly 150 years after Darwin published
the origin of the species, the scientific debate over natural selectness is settled as the
medieval controversy over heliocentrism. Evolution is a fact, but my Huckabee denies this fact.
As a radical Christian fundamentalist Huckabee believes every word of the Bible is literal
truth that Jonah actually hung out in the belly of the whale for 72 hours that Samson
really pushed down a stone building with brute force, he thinks God made the earth in
six days that the universe is 6,000 years old. Never mind carbon dating. I don't necessarily
buy it in a traditional Darwinian theory personally, he sent on a show, get this, the Arkansas
Educational Television Network. If you want to believe that you and your family came
from apes, I'll accept that Huckabee said recently, I believe there was a creative process.
So Huckabee is an idiot or is he pan-remediates? A 2005 CNN USAID at a Gallup Hall found that
53% of Americans believe that God created humans in their present form exactly the way
the Bible describes it. In part of the Chicago Tribune, the results closely parallel those
in post-taken over the last 20 years in which nearly half of all Americans consistently
agreed that God created human beings pretty much in their present form at one time within
the last 10,000 years or so. In light of Tokio's warning that democracy requires well-educated
well-informed citizens in order to function, it's alarming that many of these people vote.
There's no denying Huckabee's folksy appeal, he sounds moderate, even populist, and
issues like immigration trade in the environment. But those sugar coatings can seal the bitter
pill of any intellectualism, a toxin that has turned the American presidency into an
entropic argument against evolution from Washington and Jefferson to Hoover and FDR, then to the
Ford and Bushes and finally Huckabee. I'm not sure what in the world my view of evolution
has to do with the imprisoned the US Huckabee says, those who deny scientific fact will be
wrong or lie about anything. Misrepresenting hard and fast truth is unacceptable, where
Huckabee is feigning it, he is seen to appeal to religious zealots or is honestly mentally
deficient, journalists have a duty not to treat him like a serious candidate, says your
close personal buddy Ted Rawl. He's best. He's good. I just hate how he pulls punches
all the time, you know. Yeah, like Doug Thompson. Although Doug Thompson's column yesterday,
like I said, was pretty, was she pretty wimpy after the New Hampshire Revolt? Didn't
you think? Maybe they're getting to him, maybe they're starting to pee on his porch
or something like that. Maybe they got him like back into a corner. Maybe they got him
looking at naked pictures of John McCain. 13, every 25 votes on our pull about pulls. What's
your take on these pull? That's pretty good. So, you know, I'll describe, we don't like
the pull, we hate. Well, you're stopped talking about the pull. No, George doesn't talk
about the pull when he's on, he talks about the sign language and pie. And what? Pie.
Pie? Quim. Pie? Yes. What kind of pie are we talking about? I know what kind of pie
you're talking about. Quim. Just cut the crap, okay? Cut the crap. Everything's coming
up roses. Joe roses. You're taking these pulls. I enjoy them. 6.33, 47.7%. Almost half.
They're okay, 402 another 30.3%. So, you add those together. What do you got? 40 and
33. Even you can do that. 37. That's what you got. Who cares? 189. Another 14%. Get rid
of them. 70. 5.2%. No, I will not do that. Get rid of them. Come on. No. And I hate them.
31. 31 evil people full of hate and hostility, which I have no idea. I can't imagine that
in South Florida. Can you? No, not here. But we do have 1325 vote. Another 75 from 14
number would make Chris a very happy man. Are we still stuck on what we got 80 left now
or what? Down to 44. 44. We're down to 40. Now it's back up to 45 and not on to 44. On the
certificates from Joy the Baker. Great food. Good deal. And like I said, take it or leave
it. Here's the facts from Marcus. As I heard you mentioned, the paper ballots in New
Hampshire. Actually, they use both paper ballots and voting machines depending on the
municipality. I didn't say anything about the paper ballots. The caller didn't. Then
we had a fax. Interestingly enough, on this analysis, we'll battle on the paper ballots
by 7.5% and Hillary won the machine vote by 5.5%. I'm not suggesting any conspiracy, but
it is. I says, Mark. Oh, this is the same mark of fax before. He says sorry to fax twice
in one day, but I thought you'd find this interesting guy. I had to read that. She won
the machine vote by 5.5%. He won the paper ballots. See, when you're going to start
whining every time there's an election where you don't like the outcome, then they point
the finger with us and they say, Oh, every election is rigged. If it doesn't turn out
the way you liked it ever. And when we know Dan Well that 2004 were both fixed and we
know about the same die-bowl. Yeah. I know. There you go. Whining again. You're whining
over there. Whining and dining. All the dining is there. Try the wine. I don't think.
Q.I.M. Hello. Make it safely. Make it safely. Somebody Q.I.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil. I was wondering how can I send some DVDs to the studio?
Mail? Yeah, by mail. Yes. Yeah. What's the address? Call the front office, man.
20295 on wqa.com. Sure. All right.
You know, you're such a bastard. I'm giving him the address. I'm trying to be a nice guy.
He wants to send you some crap. And I'm giving him the address. And then you just, you
just blow him off. Same on you. Yeah. Faster. Maybe he's got something good in there. Maybe
he's going to put a 50 in the envelope too. You never know. And you're you're directing
the Q.I.M. website. Josh Cortes will pocket that 50. Faster than you can say douchebag.
I'll tell you that right now. Yeah. Am I right? You are. And next time he comes in
there sniffing around for a check. Kick his ass out. He was in here earlier. You know
for the food. Well, was he really? He was not great. Hot so much. I know I think I'm
going to do. I'm going to send 600 stories for tomorrow. Now that I got that thing working,
you know, that outlook expressed. Mm hmm. Yeah. Look, the internet is great. But when
there's a problem with it, like I said before, it just grabs you up the wall. Show
Eric and the server people and all these other, I don't know who they are, all these tech
experts, you know, all these geeks. And you get them together and if we hit a conference
call going last night, what do we get accomplished? Nothing. But when you got on today with the
phone people here, the phone people, they straighten it out. Thanks, Eric. Thanks again for making
my life almost livable. Okay. And you know when it's going to be really livable? Where's
the? Yeah. When some people walk out the door the last time in that building.
Just for free with the names of the staff.
You know what? There's a community in the community.
I'm the sports leader. I'm the two hour. I'm full of stone. I'm full of stone.
Welcome back to presidential rap battle. Go eight.
Make Mr. Obama. Miss Clinton, please take your podiums. Please take your podiums.
Mr. Obama, you'll go first.
Boat to the beat to the AMA. I was a dark horse now. I leaned the way from the south side to
Harvard Law. I've got more support than your sports bra. You're your ladies first. Don't
step to the Hillary. My game is so tight. Just called me. Still a Hillary. I got so much cash.
New coins. I'm minting and let's not forget that my last name is Clinton.
Let's just go home and take another poll. Gellips going to say you ain't got no soul.
You think Tennessee is going to like you, Baraka? What you going to say?
What they call you, Makaka. Democrats want a healthy debate.
Each Democrat wants to win in O.A. You know, I've got the passion.
But I've got the cash in. We win O.A.
We just got the passion. Yeah, man.
Word of two year mother, Hillary. I can hear.
Whatever having an old Senator Makaka with remember him. He just kind of vanished in the
beginning. Yeah. Remember, old Makaka with shoulder 1334 on the full on the survey,
which we 66 more to get to 1400. That would be a real since we're always talking
with numbers. Corned that one car. So what you do is talk about numbers.
You're mailing it in.
And mail this. Okay. Go mail your back.
Don't put a stamp on it and stick it in the mailbox. See what they do with it.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, Dale. Yes, sir.
I tell you what, man. I get really fired up when you start talking politics.
You know, the problem is if all the wealth is with a few people in this country.
And until the middle class has a few bucks, we're never going to have power again.
I just think it's going to get. We're going to get the trade of again, man.
Tell me this year.
Meaning what is it? It's sad. It's sad.
Is it sad? It's sad. Okay. You sound sad. It's very sad. Okay. We'll be sad.
Go to the QA and hello.
I'm Bob.
Somebody QA and hello.
Good afternoon, sir. How are you? Okay, sir.
Senator McCockelwitch is one of the key advisors for Fred Johnson.
Yeah. Well, they both got a chance in hell.
That's where he's been. So I believe he might be in line to be next coach of the Redskins now.
Are you going to have that now that religious born again? Joe Gibbs has stepped on for the 18th time, right?
Well, Republicans are big believers in legacies. You know what I mean?
So what the hell? Why can we dig up their pride and bring him back?
I can't be Fred Johnson's running mate.
Or what he has.
I cannot believe that John Kerry is getting in the middle of this right now.
I don't know if that's a plus or a kiss or step. You know what I mean?
Why is that?
Well, I don't know. I just, you know, I wish the old time losers would stay out of the way.
Donna Brazil opened a big mouth the other day. It's like honey, you blew it for us in 2000.
So like, what if I shut up and let these two do get out?
Maybe she can look with James Carville.
He's been a victim of poor breeding already, if you know what I mean.
Mary Madeline, I know. Okay, sir.
Ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, like that.
1337 votes on a pool. How are we doing on the certificates, by the way?
I know.
I'm not going to. I'm just looking at it. Well, we still got 40.
Well, that's not so bad. It means we sold 60.
Right.
WDQ weigh in. Hello.
Q weigh in.
What is it?
One morning you're going to wake up and be dead. You know that.
Yeah, you have one morning. You're not going to wake up.
And we'll have a party. Let's have a party.
What he is dead. Oh, yeah.
WDQ weigh in. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
You ever tried the chicken thighs from Birkin?
No.
You have Birkin up in.
Somebody Q weigh in. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Do you have Burger King in Toronto?
Oh, no, sir. We don't have those American chains. What an idiot. Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Are you going to be there with him 10 blocks from his house? Yes.
A guy called earlier today a couple hours ago and he was talking about Matthews and the woman he
had on. And actually, what the lady said is that the exit polls in New Hampshire and she is
from New Hampshire, this particular talking head. She said that a bunch of kids taken the exit
polls. It was completely disorganized. And that was supposedly the reason that it wasn't accurate.
Right. What's that?
What's that? I'm sorry.
I said that's brilliant if they had a bunch of idiots taking exit polls.
Yeah, of course. I mean, that's basically what she said. But I mean, I think the bottom line is
is that it was a caught, you know, the reason that the polls were off from the numbers.
Was a combination of the prejudice of her, weep eyes and did get some extra women voter.
Just a combination of a lot of different things. I mean, people seem to forget. She was
ahead by like 20 points a couple months ago. And you know, let's hope that Obama can, you know,
keep the momentum going. He only lost by two percentage points, which is small. And I think my,
one of my biggest fears is, uh, Hucklebee or Romney getting the nod. Actually, it's not my biggest
fear. I think they'd be the easiest for for the Democrats to beat in the general is a Hucklebee or a
Rom, I mean, Romney, the guy changes with the wind. I mean, it's ridiculous. It changes
underwear with the wind too. I'm telling you. Okay. Have a right day, sir. Okay. Let's calm down.
1340 on your poll. Do you think you're going to make 14 hundred? I don't. Yeah, Chris,
you will. Yeah, what a five six seven oh five six. We're getting some real political heavyweights
in here the last couple days. And of course, Huckleberry, he's on with Stephen Colbert now. He showed
up last night for another Colbert bump. It says an earlier bump, pushed him to the front of the
Republican pack, uh, the candidate assured TV comics, Stephen Colbert. Real comedian man is my
Kuckleberry. I'm not even going to read this. Wait, waste of time. You know, why, why even dignified?
And why would Colbert put him on a year? What what's the point? What is the point? Make fun of
it. Mary McElvin's got a good column here. It's in a smirking chip. Where are Hillary Clinton's
tears for our soldiers and innocent Iraqis? That's an excellent question. I might have to read that
column. If I read some more bedtime stories, I don't be reading those bedtime stories. It's like
two intellectual man. Don't wear our heads. WQA and hello. Chris, go around. Chris, go.
QA and hello. I put a camera up my laptop. Somebody QA and hello. Not there. Okay, that's three for
three is a good good run. Like I said, here's that column by Mary McElvin in this murking chip.
She says I'd have to say this presidential campaign today just jaded me. The catchphrase that's
been thrown around by so many of these candidates is that they want to change things, but as we begin
to see the results of both the Iowa caucus and New Hampshire primary, I do believe things will
stay the same. The only change I do see is another name coming after the title president.
While the Warner Rack is beginning to pull at the bottom and how Americans will vote,
it still remains the single most important factor for me. There are many of the candidates
who are pulling at the top and we're beginning to win these races and be devoted for this war
and or continue to vote for war funding. While my cock up he didn't cast any vote since he's not
was not in the Senate, still he favors this war. McCain was even a backer of Bush's surge strategy.
It leaves me to wonder if Americans want real change or just a change in name. Do Americans really
want to chart a new course for this country or continue the current road in which we all travel?
If it is the letter then God save America from its citizens.
In watching the CNN feed where Mary Ann Perne old young question Senator Clinton,
it brought Clinton the tears. Her display of sadness said tears sick and maybe on belief.
Clinton stated in that feed the race was personal instead of political in which he said,
I see what's happening and we have to reverse it. To this I would love to ask Senator Clinton,
you wish to reverse it back to when your husband was our present which we sanctioned the Iraqi people
thereby killing a million of its citizens? I keep on harping on this performance secretary
of state, Madeline Albright, when asked if it was worth over 500,000 innocent Iraqi children dying
by 60 minutes, Leslie Stahl said it was worth it. As an American citizen my eyes are wide open
and their deaths are personal to me, Senator Clinton. Many supporters of Senator Clinton will say
that she was Bill Clinton's true partner so she must be held responsible for these Iraqi deaths.
He saw fit to older Iraqi cannibal due to their non-compliance of U.S.
resolutions and no one is holding Israel accountable for their non-compliance of 71 UN resolutions.
As we all know Senator Clinton voted for the Iraq resolution which Everton consistently
doesn't hold any constitutional legal powers and doesn't invoke the War Powers Act.
She also failed to read the intelligence report providing a proving president Bush wrong
yet folks still voted for in these races I just don't understand this. Miss Perne old young
voted for Senator Obama after questioning Senator Clinton stating his message was electric,
yet he too has consistently voted to fund this abhorrent war. In a past calm written by me and
which Obama spoken from those gathered in APAC meeting Obama had this to save any military
action against Iran. We should take no option including military action off the table and show
strong support for Israel's action to denies summer's war against Hezbollah. I've written
skating articles against the state of Israel for watching the attacks and we've even seen
through photos of our support of that terrorist attack upon Lebanon in this previous article
asking who are the real terrorists. You may be saying to yourselves why am I really targeting
the Democratic candidates well to be honest I expected better from them being the opposite
party if one believes they're truly different than the Republicans. I would blast the Republicans
in half but I don't see any change of course only the same should the Republican become our next
president. In a past article commanding Congressman Pete Stark embedded our some of the most
horrific photos but not nearly the worst I've seen as I've consistently written and spoken
out against this war. I want every single Democratic voter to take a look at those no longer with us
namely our soldiers innocent Iraqi citizens and shed tears for them. I asked that you reject the
tears said by a said by Senator Clinton in which she tried to show her a human side for getting
that humans were killed in Iraq. Do so if you truly wish change as Obama rails against this
war he's consistently voted to fund it and remember that too. Yes the war still is the most
important issue for me and I do suspect many more out there it's not a right versus left issue
but a holocaust that's taken place in Iraq. Even the LA Times reported that a million Iraqis
have been killed during this war in which I wrote a skating column asking speaker Pelosi when
impeachment would be back on the table in relation to President Bush. If you add up those killed
in Iraq during the sanctions to the ones killed during this war so far two million innocent Iraqis have
died and yes it's a holocaust. Please tell me which issue is more important. The other night I was
in midstream writing my thoughts down concerning the Iowa caucuses but stopped. I just didn't understand
how Obama came out on top of that race and can't even understand how Clinton came out on top
after New Hampshire. It just seems to me that Americans don't really want change that's only the
best way I can explain the outcomes of both races and then it includes who are winners on the
Republican side. This column is dedicated to all of our soldiers who lost their lives in Iraq
and those who've come home named it's also dedicated to countless innocent Iraqis who've been killed
at the hands of the U.S. government. That's Mary McLeven on the smirking chimp. That's her take.
1344 in other words everybody talks a good game although some don't even talk a good game like
swillery. She wishes if you crocodile tears. She's squirting a few. How many days would those
30 is are you we are 38. Well that's great that's the first time we've been under 40 before
because before you can get in a single digit you got to get to 30 and then you got to get to 20
and we'll get to whatever we get to you know.
I think you'll be on it. Love, sir. I think you'll seem to celebrate.
And I think I'll get some superman.
This is Hillary from up in song.
We're out of the cornfield on the hall. I've been feeling his up nasty voice.
When you leave the house he'll jump for joy white water now just a little
re-energize. And I mean it doesn't ever do. Love, sir. We're in lost no damn
history. And I think I'm out of control.
Oh, I'm like he should run away. Well hell yes I do.
I'm like he should develop all your time to it.
And I'll just say, well I'll say, oh he knows.
I'll take care of things. Take care of them.
I'm a big deal fan man.
I'm a big deal.
This is Hillary from up in song.
If the damn thing I ever saw.
Your words were delicious. Go for your dog.
As you never have them in New York so change.
You're my brother Nila Noy.
I don't believe the jury.
I keep an eye on you.
Love, sir.
You're a dope beating that Democrat.
Hillary from up in song.
H-I-L-L-A-R-Y.
Hillary.
Hillary.
I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying.
I'm here to come on everybody.
Get into the spins.
Now that he's been in for however long he's been.
Green of little greens.
Bucking your second chin.
Everybody do.
Ducklin' to come on and fight over to the middle.
Go over to the middle.
Lating up and step by.
Need to do the left a little.
Do the rest of it.
Now he's not too much.
Come on and take a definite position.
Defeat, put this job you were total turn about.
Total turn about.
Take your finger at the knee.
See how good there'll be your everybody too.
Okay.
Let's go.
Come on.
Come on everybody.
Join the harmony.
When you start to fade and the buzzer gets swayed.
A suffee trade and stage of bombing rage.
Everybody do.
Ducklin' to come on and fight over to the middle.
Go over to the middle.
Lating up and step by.
Need to do the left a little.
Do the rest of it.
Now he's not too much.
Come on everybody.
Bend over making everybody happy.
Everybody happy.
Now let the other guy lead.
The other guy lead.
By appearing Jeffersonian.
Bring another Tony in everybody too.
Ducklin' to come on.
Oh, step up.
Wind air.
Back off.
It was harder than your plan.
Do the rest of it.
And you're stuck in time.
Now jam with the band.
Do the rest of it.
Do the rest of it.
Do the rest of it.
Do the rest of it.
Do the rest of it.
Come on and fight over to the middle.
Go over to the middle.
Lating up and step by.
Need to do the left a little.
Do the rest of it.
Now we're in a lot to the right.
And now all it'll do.
Plumatic side.
Plumatic side.
So, all the nominees.
All the rest of it.
Start to feel a little ill and he's with your own abilities.
Everybody too.
Now do the old and the straightest juffle.
In the continental house.
In the continental house.
In the continental waffles.
In the continental wall.
It's right up to your latest spots.
When you're made of me,
You're there and try to keep on trucking.
Plumatic side.
Take me one step at a time.
One step at a time.
Do just like your mama says,
Make good on your promises.
Everybody too.
But please, don't do too.
Do just like your mama says,
The main truth on your promises is everybody do the things.
Oh, right.
Well, either will or won't.
It's up to Hillary.
Everybody do the things.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
Come on, it's working.
It's working a couple more.
It's working.
You can do it.
It's working.
It's working.
It's working.
It's working.
1349 votes on the poll.
And we got a 34-cent ticket for the last time I worked.
Is that correct?
That is correct.
34.
That's not too bad.
It means you sold 66.
Sunset strip.
Okay, 121 and 560 WQM.
Don't forget to Jack Show.
Georgia's favorite.
Come up it too.
Yes, he's like that column I just read, which you know, I resent the ripping of Obama.
But I read, it had some good points in it.
And I understand what she was saying.
But there's a problem there.
And that is that you've got a field of candidates on both sides now.
And that's what you've got.
You're not going to invent the perfect candidate for the Democrats or the Republicans
or for the country or for the universe or for a crime out loud, you know.
This isn't going to happen.
So you have to pick amongst what we got there and on the Democrats Obama is far.
I mean, Janet, words might as well drop out except that he's a stubborn southerner.
A stubborn southerner?
A studderer.
He came in a distant turd, you know, in both the prime and the caucus and the primary.
And he's not going anywhere.
And Obama is going to clean his clock in South Carolina.
So what's the point?
You have to look at what the field is.
Look at the Republican side, man.
You've got a crazy person, John McCain.
You've got a fundamentalist preacher, Huckleberry.
You've got a magic underwear wearing a liar in Mitt Romney.
And then Ron Paul, which all the internet nerds are all crazy about,
which he's like the Dennis Cassins to the Republican Party.
He says a lot of things that make sense.
And he has got a Chinaman's chance in hell.
So that's what you have to do.
I mean, it's not the great, although I've been putting off reading this because it makes me sick to my stomach.
New York, Mayor Michael Bloomberg has quietly been polling and conducting a highly sophisticated vote analysis in all 50 states.
And he decides whether to launch independent presidential bid associated with yesterday.
The exhaustive data collection started months ago.
When the review begins shortly, it will provide the data obsessed billionaire businessman
with the informational use to decide whether to make a third party run for the White House.
The scope of the research details of which revealed that the associated press demonstrates how seriously Bloomberg is considering running for president,
despite as almost daily the analysis that he is entering the race and the fact that he's Jewish with a very Jewish last name.
The extensive coast-to-coast research ever chose that Bloomberg is willing to dig deep into his wallet,
simply to gauge his chances of winning and lining up the proper support network, his chances of winning on a scale of what?
They won a hard-headed sense that their chances had dug shown whose spearheaded Bloomberg's voter database efforts known as micro-targeting for his two mayoral campaigns.
Bloomberg spokesman Stu Loser declined a commenter as that loser.
Shenzhen says he's not working for Bloomberg now, but as part of the mayor's inner circle and makes a convincing and well-research case in his new book, declaring independence.
About how a third party candidate such as Bloomberg could run for president upset the election this year.
Shenzhen was widely recognized for his micro-targeting work in Bloomberg's first campaign. It was considered a groundbreaking concept in 2001 to gather and use information on individual voters rather than voting blocks and tweak the campaign message adds an overall theme.
They're tweaking it.
The Bloomberg database being created nationally would also be used in the same ways if he were to run Shenzhen,
but for now it'll serve as the basis of gauging potential support for a bid.
This is in New York City where the 3 million Jews, okay? Michael Bloomberg?
This is the USA. This is the US where it is 50 states, most of them pretty damn red necky.
Using the micro-targeting model, research firms working for Bloomberg are gathering comprehensive information of voters around the country, such as who owns a home as children and college, where the vacation, type of car or computer and pass political support.
All the puzzle pieces will then be arranged to create a picture of each individual.
Most of the data already exist in commercial databases that the multibillionaire Bloomberg can simply purchase.
It will then be analyzed to determine how much voter fits into how each voter fits into several categories, strong supporter, persuadable supporter or potential volunteer, or hate you like poison.
Bloomberg's public denial of any interest in running or getting weaker, he typically says only he's not a candidate, but a beep but a boop but a buff.
All he's going to do is muddy the waters, screw up the dealer.
I'm not saying that the third party candidate wouldn't be a great idea, but certainly not him. Certainly not him.
Although I'm sure the Republicans would like that because he'd be likely to saffron off a lot of moderate to liberal votes.
Am I right? He sure isn't going to get any John McCain votes, I don't think.
1353 votes on Chris's poll, he's going to be very upset because we're not going to make 14.
Are you going to say certificates? No, what? 33 certificates.
33, well that's not too bad on there, I think we're doing better than you are.
Yeah. It's all good. That's what Bubba would say, it's all good. Kisses.
What's the biggest name? Puckets.
Look at him.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
He's going to be a bad guy.
Hi! Hi! Hi! Hello!
Upro? Upro? Ooba!
U're gonna be head over there.
AP Schlalerovsky at the De machen.
Dynamite
We got the Jason Ext어주
coming up in Tuber prompt-
four and then you got the stuff nobody wants to hear and then the beast in a
clock tonight like I said WDQ way in hello yeah yeah
Phil Henry is doing overnight on air or night can I ask you a question
sure why do I care well because you would be perfect you'd be a natural
overnight as as no no not overnight but I on the I and Z as a
comedic you would be terrific yeah John the David Schochiller and by the way
Chris Christ sucks I didn't know that he's a Schochiller so I never put on
the other people's show killer what do you mean by that when he calls the other
family the other old far so yeah yeah he is literally like he's a lot of
people that like let me just let me just make a pronouncement for the
audience which I'm sure any rational first nobody knows this we don't
care about Phil Henry on the show okay Phil Henry used to work with us at IOD a
long time ago a lifetime ago back when he was very funny and very creative and a
good guy and then all of a sudden somebody got a hold of him and decided well
we heard enough of those funny voices already those funny voices we want you
to be a right-wing puppet a stooge and he's okay and then of course he got into
show business and he had that TV show that was on for about five minutes and
that didn't go over to well and then he's you know he lost his way somewhere
along the line which is yeah unfortunate but that's his problem we all got our
own problems we all got our own issues you know what I mean we have a
own thing so all these all these radio yinches oh well thin and Phil Henry's over
here and Joyce Kaufman is on a 50 who cares maybe somebody does but guess what we
don't it's like the chronic factors like the one you give me this morning which I
won't think the five are responding to right right same ten crack we don't care
we know it's bogus number one and number two we don't care whether you listen
or you don't listen with you die whether you have like some kind of a mental
breakdown which you obviously already had we don't care I mean obviously some of
these people are looking for an outlet to you know to extend their hostility and
they're a frustration and that's unfortunate because it indicates a severe
degree of mental instability I have no line that too WQ I am hello good afternoon
Neil please good afternoon sir yes speaking Neil happy Thursday to you happy
circus listen now that Hank is gone we got one down and one to go yeah thank you
no okay great WQA and hello I have you here Q I am hello yeah you got issues
all right Q a hello hello get his ends on the back yeah yeah guys this guy stole
my whole stick over in who's that tell me the baby he's told my name this is
the baby for your father for your father I would take the cake and
smear your back with it but you probably already have WQA and hello Neil how are you
okay sir you know before I used to wear my julie on me but this huckabee guy is
caring you know I think he's good enough to fool all those goobers and all those
red makes no and what does it matter if we all know the red space of much
erases there's a lot there are a bunch of racism racist and you know they don't count
even if we live on a liberal state the president doesn't he get elected anyway all
the liberal states you mean all the rules date and yeah yeah it would be
elected so don't you understand that there are a lot would you call I always a
liberal state is in a liberal state well don't you understand there are all
these borderline new Mexico how about that exactly but you know we're not coming
on like you know access and I know we're coming on California the ones that one yeah
okay well I'm glad you're we we're doing this and we're doing that how about you
are you part of the we oh yeah the we we now he's checking you all we we 1357
you're gonna fall a little bit shorter 14 number which was a tall order I mean
let's face it ridiculous oh well and we got 33 years certificate left that's
not bad that means we sold two turds oh we sold two turds of these certificates
today it's not too bad it's just yeah it's one of those things it's been oversaturated
over done and other people are you know like giving it up and maybe eventually
we'll be the only place that's still doing it which is fine and the food was great
and at least it gets you guys a great free lunch which is the most important part
on that's right that's right WQA M hello Neil at night I witness a lot of
hallucinations WQA M hello I love Chris and want your mailman WQA M hello
leave Chris alone haha haha oh now there's a good segue for you see they're coming
to your aid not necessarily anybody you want to have that better bad oh I don't
think that one is all that good although I don't care what your words says I still I still
I still like it not like it's a feather not enough oh yeah that must be why I said right so
how you gags like each other I think it's funny it's funny it's how it was just
I played 40 million which is why you notice I don't play it I played like two seconds of it
right away you're starting to get silly I'd much rather hear about the sign language that's right
right well here's a sign yeah look at the other hand there's another one you're doing it wrong
I'll show you how to do that I'm going to do it
haha WQA M hello QA M hello QA M echo line
hey Neil how you doing okay I just want to tell you the ranges crushed the maple
six to nothing a couple of weeks ago so ranges the ranges suck okay the ranges suck
the ranges suck and you suck the ranges credible who didn't crush the maple leaves okay
feathers no that's true I wish we could play all our games against the fancies
but are they going in trying to pedal made be like like he's a real hockey player okay you
people in Toronto man when you're gonna wake up and sip the dapetals okay they keep
pedaling your horse crap and telling you it's halva oh my god you think that since this is their
life this whole thing with a hockey you think that they would know the difference between something decent
and something direct when you think you think if you went into an expensive steakhouse and you
ordered a beautiful ribeye steak and they brought you a pot of dog dung on a plate when you'd be
able to tell the difference you could smell it you could taste it if you got that far which hopefully
wouldn't all we did sell two turds today mm-hmm WQA and hello stop picking up Chris his butt WQA and
hello hey George what's the name of them good to your tires WQA and hello I'm constant WQA and
hello hello Neil yes sir hey I'm good you understand Godhead was knee to retire he needs to drop
out of the race we don't want him taking those away from Barack Obama I'm definitely convinced on
Barack how about how do you feel about that WQA and hello and Neil yes sir I just heard that
that could be probably I'm gonna be going to leave it around you know they say there's no harm
up in there hello WQA and hello
so
that's pretty windy in there WQA and hello
haha now that was Joyce I recognize that sound and smell man from 1200 miles away that was
Joyce am I right oh yeah oh boy in fact I didn't even tell you this but during the last break I
don't rejoice did yeah mm-hmm I was it three times the trauma it was sensational man see one
thing about me I have the confidence in knowing that when I got a four minute break yeah I can go
in there and no problem at all and come back I have to be a spare I don't know how long it comes
need to do everything else 1359 you're gonna come up short Chris because you haven't been pushing
it all I've been you know watching the bill so which were down to 28 really see that's not so bad
so I was in 26 there aren't that many left you better grab while they're out because once they're gone man
biggest name
Roger's God
working he
things
been
Toni
Ohh look at this, shining face on the burnin' spot!
Now now let's do busy hunting sport!
innen, burns, go, burstin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin' ruffin'
And there, there, there.
What was that noise?
Well let me take a look at this trolley moderners.
Anything to do with sports?
Well just a lot of buildings burning and carnage from my heart Ok though.
Oh, go back to the files.
Alright.
145 at five sixty.
Speaking of, um, to that.
So what room was he hearing around ability these days?
Chris I think that I have a regular segment on the show once a week Chris's rumors
What about my rumors?
Or George can chime in with some too, you know sure
We got it the you seem to be the a bonsai pipeline lately do I do I know I'm an old Chris. Oh, okay. I was yesterday
I've heard a new reason so
Well, what about what about him?
What about the told us some of text like a week ago. He never answered he never responded to your text
That's never a good sign
See there's one of the things that really bothers me. I love my blackberry
But there's something that really bugs your hell out of me and that is if you send somebody a test message and they don't respond and you know
A fairly reasonable amount of time like about 10 seconds. I get a panicky, and I'm like what's that all about, you know
Lessons your girlfriend you shouldn't panic. You're just an nervous Nelly, aren't you? Yeah?
I'm not nervous. I just I don't know it to me. It's just insulting when you send somebody who's supposed to be friendly with although
I will say this usually that doesn't happen very often usually
Oh, maybe they're busy, huh? Maybe they're busy. Maybe they're busy doing something. Maybe they're working out in the gym downstairs. That's possible
I know somebody's down there right now, and that's just as well. You can't get too much trouble down there unless you fall into pool. You sure?
1316 lot of hosts on your pool. You could have made 14 but you did just you didn't care. I mean 13161 is such an awesome number
You know, you know, you know, it's even better. What's that 19? Oh, 19 is all we got left on these certificates from John's from a joy to Baker
Which used to be John the Baker and the food is sensational
$15 certificates you get in for 25 bucks, and there's only 19 left and once they're gone, they're gone
That's good. I think I think we done good. Don't you? Yes, I do.
WDQ way and hello
WDQ way and hello
Yeah, yeah, you ever had a football on your penis WDQ way and hello. Hello, dear. Yes, sir. Yeah, I think you're really good
I'm reading this next week when you get your
Braiding somehow
You used to be a really nice young man talking to all the colors give a lot of airtime
They think you've been kind of yeah, I'd like you in other words, we have nothing to say. I got to say
This sounds like a quarter-schlats guy to me
Let me say it again. Is this the quarter-schlats guy?
Yeah, okay, yeah, you're gonna would buy my ass, okay? Maybe they're gonna ship your ass to with by
Buried at the finish line because you're finished
See one thing about him and it takes a little while but after you know like like we're so stupid like we don't know the voice after the four millions call
It's the quarter-schlats guy and I was to embers to even admit who the hell it is
Somebody QA and quarter-schlats line. Hello
Somebody QA and hello beat us good afternoon Neil sir
I've heard of a woman named Diane Reem. She's on NPR
Reem when it's out I never heard of anybody with that name now
Diane Reem she has a show on NPR every afternoon. I just somebody turn me on NPR recently
Mm-hmm, and it's good stuff. It's mildly amusing
Yeah, it's kind of like you your show mildly amusing. Oh, this is the mildly amusing guy again. Yeah, right?
Okay drop the he's soaking it. Uh-huh
You and Rosie cue only she's dead Q.A. M. Hello
Asked to mail WQ. W. M. Hello
WQ. W. M. Ola not there WQ. W. M. Hello
I just want to make sure you didn't change phone number
See you're walking on queer street WQ. I am hello
Hey
Woo
Oh, I was answered WQ
Oh, he's really whipped up today. That's Joe. My name is Joe. I'm a homo. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
Hey, I just read on the internet about a couple minutes ago that I don't know you familiar with those guys that were screaming out like I earned my shirts
Or whatever. That's correct. Yes, supposedly their plants from the Hillary campaign
Yeah, you know it's ridiculous. You know, you know, you know, you know, you do a class don't you stick them in the ground
WQ. W. M. Hello
There's a blood sugar check it off and call liberty. They can help you live a better life
WQ. W. M. Hello. All right
Yes, sir
You know now that I'm a hundred years old. I wonder if I can get those damn strips for not free, but like I can I can you got diabetes. Yeah
Calibrate
Calibrate what
Virtual call liberty call liberty what
Lady Liberty Liberty records man patient and put a liberty of a lot of me on Liberty records
You don't have that all bet and I think also David civil and the witch doctor was on liberty. Oh
E. Ah
21 patients of prune through which
Everyone you like I don't care kill some time we got about two minutes left
Not what what you don't have either one of them. Oh, wait. I got which doctor
David civil he was on liberty records. I'm pretty sure that what a memory man for an important crap
Oh
Okay, it's enough
Okay, so what do we what do we wind up with on our thing 1366?
I don't mean on the pool. I'm not important. Oh
23 we have what we're going back up. Yeah. Oh, that's not good. We were down to 19
We went back up to 20 because we had some fakers here on the air center the show. That's okay deadbeats
Yeah, also you see that it takes five minutes to check out so if people are slow or something they have to go back to the beginning
They can't you know
People that don't know their own name and address things like that it takes five minutes to check out
If that's the case then why when in the first 10 seconds why are like 10 of them always going to get these people know what they're doing oh
Yeah, they know what they're doing all right. What's these arm management out by the way?
Case to mr. jolly Joe called Norma Kent two nights ago. I have no idea why I needed his Norma
Everything okay. Yeah, everything's just great. Okay. Everything is great. Why that's the avoncular jolly Joe the avoncular jolly
I don't know less
See we we didn't anybody says this is a waste of time this show. We're not educational
Avoncular we talked George a word today, which he pretends he never heard of an killer. Yeah
There's a lot of a
Avoncular fat people running around slapping people on the back see first a slide
You know that they stab you in the back
The backstabbers see with me. I'm a front stabber off then you're right to your face
You suck your an idiot. You're a jerk. You're a no-town. You're a loser jolly Joe. I'll tell you that not behind the back not behind the scenes
1366 is Chris again as in so many other parts of his life came up short
The force leader
You
You
are
Much
As I reports to be a selfish and queer voice of yellow drops, grey
Yellow drops, grey
Yellow drops, grey
I believe we're ones who hear
Sports all day
Yellow drops, grey
Yellow drops, grey
The money to pick here is unbinably gay
Anyone who wants to hear just sports will stay can be
His dream has been a lot of rules
And showers, grey
Yellow drops, grey
Oh, they have a lot of thoughts
And what a game they played
And somebody's kid with the hurried canes
To talk about it all the time
And to you a bag and I'm afraid
You like yellow drops, grey
Shooting and burning out
Morning shows
No interest in learning about radio
Just a sausage party for a news portal
No bows who like yellow drops, grey
Yellow drops, grey
Yellow drops, grey
Sport holes in seas
Who want it out
Yellow drops, grey
Yellow drops, grey
They're on your mind
To be in your mouth
You're supposed to go to the door
Sports, sports, sports, sports
Sports, sports, sports, sports, sports
Forestball fan
Thanks to you black
Next to you
You black
Fourth of date
Make you go
Bye bye
My greatest names
Of Best Talent
Patrol, Miami graduation
Oh my God
Sports Radio 560 WQAM
Miami Test
I'm gonna run out of time.
I... I...
I... I...
