The music expressed all those names in O'Jerk Street. Oh my god. Oh my god.
You guys are slipping. Staffed advertisers for agency.
We have to look coming out today. Maybe the summer book.
George has got a close legal statement.
The radio is 516 WQAL.
My Miami for the Latter-day.
Nick is from, well, it's up to me in September.
516 WQAL.
Boy, that's music.
It's a very nice and long talk to me.
Darls.
560 in day.
Break it up a little bit. Fanzo, come on.
This is for this tonight.
7775.
417 WQAL.
And for rise and wireless phones.
The opinions of friends by needle. His guests for his college.
Do not represent those of WQAL management staff or sponsors.
Now the Neil Roger Show on 560 WQAM.
It's Friday, you first.
Look at who that is. Everybody look at who that is.
Daddy winnity wins.
Huh? He's a racing winner.
Race around in his guard at his.
The race driver that never wins. Daddy winnity wins.
Now she hear all you kids.
They call me Mr. Rims.
Oh, one day sooner or later.
In my rocket, 88. Oh, well, hey, baby.
Do you show look fancy day?
I'll hold Mr. Rims if you win the race.
Oh, well, I came in. It's a little bit, please.
Well, you're up yourself, so we're going to play.
Well, get that, hon. In. How's about a date?
I'm going to take that chance.
Not if you keep calling in last.
That's why you don't go out with me.
You ain't too slow. You can't be.
Well, I may be slow on the street.
But I show be fast on my feet.
I'm going to take that chance.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They call him Mr. Rims.
Well, I could resist it.
I mean, after that great intro, we had this morning.
Oh, yeah.
I couldn't resist it.
I was down 20 quick points.
A mere 22 was down over 200 at the open, but just like yesterday,
I'm making a comeback.
Boy, that was amazing yesterday.
I wound up going up 40, 400 and point, 45 million point.
And I'm sure I'll get the time the carpenter will be sending me
another email.
Oh, senior, you don't understand the law.
You may have right.
Just keep peeing away your money, Tom.
You idiot.
So we got the book coming out any minute now, 10 a.m.
And it's already 10.02.
So any moment, clearance is it.
Claren's going to bring him in or Allison.
I don't know of Allison.
They'll be better if Allison brings him in.
I think you're right, but I think it'll be clearance.
If that's Schmeckle, brings it in.
They're going to be really bad.
And he'll have that sour look on his face like he just swallowed battery acid.
That's Chris's assignment over the weekend to get your schedule straightened out.
It's put some, in fact, I'm going to be on vacation all next week.
All George all week next week.
Let's hear it.
Woo!
Oh!
Here's the poll result.
I hate this poll.
937 votes.
What is the most tired movie premise?
I already faxed the new poll to Eric and once we get to a thousand on this one, we can change it.
Or sooner if we like.
Slasher kills teens 156.
Loner cop has to do things his own way, 143.
Underdog team beats powerhouse 136.
Formless geek wins hot chick from Rich Jock 91.
What's that movie I like so much with what's his name?
What does he even straight begin with a C?
Well, whatever.
You know the one about the guys disaster flicks 74.
You know if it was a movie I'd like you'll probably be about the guys.
Chick road movie 47 retard makes good 46.
Cop has to get revenge for partner 45.
If it's on the table, I'll know I have a partner.
Here they come.
Not.
I don't know.
Look at it.
I'm just a little guy prevails against huge corporation 40, reluctant buddies 39, depressing
self-destruction 36, flesh eating zombies 29, body switch 27.
Did you look at that Ray Milan Rosie Greer movie yet?
No.
The thing with two heads.
I'm going to order that for you.
All right.
This is easy the week 18 and cripple overcoming handicap 10, 937 vote on the current poll.
I'm going to get to a thousand if Eric puts the other one up there, which maybe he will maybe won't.
So there are numbers coming.
And the covenant.
The covenant.
The covenant.
Thank you so much.
It would Steven straight.
Wow.
Is that a hot movie?
I mean, it's horrible.
A story.
Not.
It's okay.
Swarthwatch.
But George won't watch it because he's afraid he might get.
I'm not afraid of anything except being like he did.
Ornidly.
Torso does don't do it for me.
You know, not guy torsos aren't enough to get me to watch.
It's not about the torsos.
It's about the story.
I got these powers.
Yeah.
It's amazing.
Power is.
So they get these.
Well, yeah.
Didn't you say the story sucked?
I like it.
I think it's probably the best movie I've ever seen in my life.
No, I'm talking about the story, not the visuals.
Like I said, it's probably the greatest movie ever made.
The Dow is down 36 and there's old.
Oh, I got a great column here by Doug Thompson,
McKean and his phony plumber.
Oh, here comes some of my facts machine is percolating, baby.
Guess who died, by the way, while I'm waiting for the numbers.
I give up.
Oh, no.
You know something psychic again.
I just opened up the stapler because I have to staple all these numbers together.
I just opened it up and to see if there any stay in it's empty.
Wow.
Woo.
God.
What a freaking genius I am.
You know what?
Just take a look at that old picture on there.
We're going to do the poll on the picture.
All right, let's just see the first men 2554 for the entire week.
How 105 remains number one?
All they've dropped.
Sixth sense of a point.
And WCMQ FAM.
Oh, don't tell me another one of these no speaking English.
No speaking English books.
Oh, God.
Jesus Christ almighty.
Wow.
And look at how I OD went up there overall.
Woo.
So that means we're doomed.
That means all the right wingers got these.
I can't even read what this.
What's on the second page?
It didn't print out.
Q. I. M. 29 to a 2 9 were flat.
We're flat.
Well, I may not be also bad.
But for us, no.
But what's that first station?
It's not waxy.
Is it?
Yes.
It is a smear.
Yeah.
Holy cow.
They went from a 2 6 to a 3 5.
Oh, my God.
People inside this building are going to be like,
oh, we'll reach other pantaloons.
I hope they jump off of something.
Wow.
Oh, my God.
Are you cereal?
They pummeled us.
My God.
What happened to bring the Wax, the I.N.C. 2 1 to a 2 0?
This is for the whole week.
Boy, these are coming out really good.
Radio Mambe, 1 1 to a 2 0.
Oh, no speaking English in this book.
We are doomed.
Doomed.
Doomed.
Doomed.
Okay, let's take a look at it.
What?
I'm trying to find us in the morning here.
Now, what just happened to my staples aren't working?
I put them in there.
Oh, they're stuck.
They're stuck behind one last dam sticking staple is like on its side.
Like it died, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Bastards.
Get out of there.
You clowns.
There we go.
Boy, I hate that.
And what am I doing?
Trying to find us on the, in the 6 to 10, uh...
I thought you weren't going to look at these.
I said I was going to fact.
It's eating.
Outlaw 5 is number one in the morning.
6.9.
Radio Ritmo dropped to number 2.
No, I said I was going to fact then.
And then I do.
2 way M28 to a 3 4.
All right.
Let's hear it for a little log.
Wow.
That is pretty heavy duty.
Corrine...
Per Purus.
Per Purus has sensed the life with Viagra on my crack bar.
He just now.
You heard it buzzed?
No.
So let's see.
We must have beaten Sid the kid.
Oh, yeah.
We had a 3 4.
He had a 2 8 in the morning.
He's tied for 10th.
We're number 7.
You put the two numbers together and you got to these number.
But other than that, this is men 25 to 54.
I don't hear you screaming or anything.
So midday must be really bad.
Oh, it is bad.
It's horrible.
4 7 down to a 4 point.
Oh!
What?
That's horrible.
We wouldn't even get number 3 then.
No.
It's pretty lame.
Pretty, pretty lame if you ask me.
Yes.
We had a 3 5.
So we must have had about a 4 4 4 5 from 10 to 2.
Very bad.
Bad.
In the spring we had a 4 7.
And here we had a 4 point.
Oh!
Well, George, you know, threw us under the bus again.
All right.
With all those roller skating stories.
Oh, God.
Oh, I had Joe Bell at the roller rink last night.
Oh, we had a wonderful hell of a time.
No, it's not your fault.
It's my fault.
Bad September, I'll bet.
Came back and we'll see.
Got rid of the calls, put these boring emails on there instead.
I think the emails is a turnaround.
It's going to take a little while.
I think it's a major.
Look at all the emails on there right now that I'll get to during the break.
How do you like that?
Jack Naras dies 85.
One of the first programs involved in Quixot scandals among the other...
What doesn't even say what one it was.
Oh, he was the host on Dotto.
When it became ensnared in the Quixot scandals, the 50s he went on to MC,
concentration other game shows died Wednesday at 85.
He's the brother of veteran game show host Tom Kennedy.
That complications of a stroke at Cedar Sinai Medical Center in LA.
While I lined up to get tickets for a Broadway show on a Friday night in 1958,
Naras was paid to the telephone.
On the line was a spokesman for Dotto.
For the sponsor Colgate Palmol, I've told them that CBS had determined the daytime show was rigged
and it wouldn't air the next Monday.
The version that aired nights on NBC was also pulled.
I don't even remember Dotto.
Who?
Dotto.
I don't remember that show.
Naras was the surprise to anybody by the show's sudden cancellation
Steve Beverly a game show expert and professor of broadcasting at Union University in Tennessee told the Times Wednesday.
Jack was called to give a deposition before the grand jury investigating.
He passed the polygraph test was completely exonerated.
He was unaware of the game show cheating, but it...
Bit of a... Bit of a... Bit of a... Bit of a...
While we're on the year, one of the future contestants on the show went through woman's purse
and the contestants dressing room he said, while going through the purse he discovered someone had given her some answers.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Oh, no!
Oh, whoo!
Game show hosts from that era including ours were little more than hired guns who showed
up half hour before the live broadcast and ran through the material.
They were not tightly connected to the producers many whom fixed the game shows to heighten
the drama.
Save the drama for my mama.
Among the other shows he hosted were Video Village, Seven Keys, and syndicated version of
Beeta Clock that debuted in 1969.
He was the Dean Martin of Game Show hosts because he was so easy going and so smooth they
said.
Nars and Kennedy were the only brothers to make their living primarily as game show hosts.
Kennedy who hosted named that tune in the 70s changed his name from Jim Nars to avoid
being confused with his older brother whom he followed in the business.
Jack Nars is dead he was 85.
Wow it's old enough.
Oh my God.
So we did crappy man.
Mornings went up and we went down.
God, I got to go up and out down.
I forgot to have zaxing that to you.
Must have been all those appearances by Jurg Jurg Street that pushed the morning over the
top.
Wouldn't you think Fat Chris?
Yep.
Now let's see afternoons 3 to 7 p.m.
Hot 105 is number one but dropping from an 8.3 share to a 55.
Waxie oh Waxie hit a big big big book.
Yeah.
Yeah.
In the afternoon they went from ninth from a 3.5 to a 5.1.
Wow.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Radio Ritmo is third.
Radio Amoris fourth.
Radio Amoris.
IOD is fifth.
That's the Schmidtmeister.
Yeah this is all right.
Wingers got the diaries here.
So don't feel so bad.
EDR fifth.
Beat.
Beat.
Where is us in the afternoon out on the first page?
Where the hell are we?
Not on the second page.
Oh my God.
Mr. Mad Dog.
Oh.
Oh my God.
Third page.
2.9 down to a 2.5.
Number 17.
Waxie has got a 5.1 in the afternoon and we got a 2.5.
More than double.
We got double trouble.
It must be the fake Dan La Bastard kicking our ass.
INZ 222 to a 23.
Boy these numbers suck.
I can't even wait to get to 7.00 a midnight.
Oh baby.
As Bob Cole allegedly would say, oh baby.
Personality of a dead man.
7.00 a midnight.
I can't.
I can't is that EDR?
Yeah.
Number one.
7.6.
Waxie's number four with a 4.9.
That's the Marlins.
Hey we made a good roof.
Get rid of those Marlins, Jolly Joe.
Oh yeah.
Now where are we?
Let's see.
IOD13 up to a 2.8.
Dan.
Dan.
That QAM.
Oh, let's hear it for D.A.
And then Dolphin the third.
We went from a 0.5 in the spring to a 1.6 from 30th.
Tied for 30th.
Hey.
Tied for 17th.
Let's triple the number.
We cracked a 1 at night.
A 1.6 in men.
2554.
Oh my God.
I think it's time for a mass suicide here.
Yep.
Jolly Joe to pull the trigger first.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You know this is your project.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth lead.
No portion of this program may be produced
if I could just...
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I think QAM be the broadcast group incorporated.
It's FUZZWOP.
Friday, you bastards.
WQAM is proud to bring you the WQAM School of Broadcasting.
Yes, you do.
Can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio.
If you follow our curriculum, the course is free.
Of course you'll work for free.
Go a 1-800-1-A-B and speak to our Director of Education, Mr. Lenny Marges.
So, you want me a boy cast off?
Oh, a boy?
A boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
Yeah.
Boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
Boy cast off?
And over here we have to hide somebody to give him.
Ah, ah, ah, and I'll open your books to him, page 14.
Yeah, we paid after him.
And, ah, nah, that's what I want you to repeat.
And go to him this room is Gogy Wanova.
Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio.
Ah, radio.
Where you can hear your own voice.
Let the WQAM school of broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to make your wet radio dreams come to you.
I mean a one-quam-quam.
Why are you sending me persons 2554 please?
Please, I'll do.
So if you don't, yes we do.
Only on the trends you send me that when we've already got the men because it's a book you don't send me the person.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
Because I always do.
No, you don't.
That's only for the trends you moron because we don't have men separate in the trends.
Boy no wonder you have no number for crime.
I'm going to be doing a joists here in a minute.
Really?
Because this morning for the second day in a row, I was, uh, not, I sat but I did not smat.
And I think it might, I think it would last long with a fat tub like me.
I'm going to be I may have to run in there now these numbers I think pushed me over the edge
Well, is this stuff more of this?
Oh, and then you send me what is this the oh
God persons 25 54 if you think we did bad on the men 25 54 since we have no women
Well, what's the point in this? Oh
He's sending all the day parts. Oh God almighty
Grace
Anyway, let's get to the stuff
God are we going to change that pull or what?
Sure
Well, you sound pretty depressed. I guess you didn't get your bonus money. Yeah, no bonus for me. Oh poor fat Chris
Oh
Let's see what we got here did Eric put the other one on my head switch what not yet. Well, why not?
All osma come on fat Eric just do that and then you can go away and go eat salami the rest of the day
980 votes on this horrible pool and
You can hear the facts grinding out all those of that stuff that George sent me again. Why?
Why in God's name would you send me that crap?
And don't tell me if you say one more time you always do you're full of baloney all right
You don't okay. I mean after all these years you don't have an understanding what it is that we care about men
25 to 54 that's our target demo the bonus demo that we didn't come close to every time you say send the other persons
No, I don't that only on the trends all right. I think I'll extrapolate when you've got them in 25 54
Jesus God are you goofy today?
extrapolate what?
extrapolate this yeah extrapolate this right don't right. I think I'm gonna go in there and Joyce right now
Strike while the irons hot
This is a hostile email
Says I just wanted to let you know I bought two gift certificates yesterday
I want to tell you how much wqm sucks
Well, we know that when you go on a site and try to click on your face to stupid pop-up thing and always the hell out of you
It's not just a regular pop-up it moves with you when you scroll along the page it blows
Yeah, you're trying desperately to get on my a Neil deal thing and that thing keeps moving like as if to block your accursor
God hate that QAM dot com you know something when that check comes for cordless tear it into a million pieces
He's gonna be right there on your shoulder waiting for that FedEx envelope that
In fact at that point that's when I would take out that little bomb thing that you got coming and detonate the bomb right and just stick it in his ass
I blame Josh Cortis for this it says he's always bragging that the website is his big claim to fame
Well, I have news for you Josh you flamer the website blows and so do you
I have a little brother who's in college for web design who can make a website far superior to this piece of Schmidt site
You should be fired as soon as possible
I think the only reason Josh is still in place because he likes to throw jolly jolly old bone
Josh is a closet bag. He's always talking about screwing so many women
Just come out of the closet already loser stop sending Josh those checks for crappy work
I'd rather you send them out into Chris so we can eat more in croak already love you Neil George is okay to die Josh
Die I hate you queer sincerely
PS Chris is fat
Yeah, good one
Oh and look at all these pages wasted how many trees how many
The whole rainforest is dead now my god
How do you pressing into stressing that was a bad book yep
And I think it was me in September coming back after all your great summer shows
But then what now when did we really start to think with the emails that that wouldn't have been during the book
No, that was just a
I don't want to go if that yeah like three weeks a month ago
Maybe that will resurrect us as opposed to I'm your friend. I'm your friend. I'm Joe Bell's idea of a caller. I'm your friend
chamba and
those
Yeah, we put an end to that crap. I'm not saying the emails are gonna be like the the you know who knows
And of course when you don't do any promotion whatsoever and
You see the the I mean the afternoon is just vanished at least we got a four something from 10 to 2
We probably got about a four five
Not a good number but at least it's not like a two something my god
Although in all fairness to the mad dog keeping mine the three to four hour was jerks also
See what they do is they put on some losing proposition and they keep it on long enough to make sure that it drags everybody else down before they finally
You know cut their losses, am I right you but yep?
Well look at this Brandon says thank God for that email. I thought I was the only one who hated him
I bet your Brandon sent that the email
I bet you anything how else could anybody hate
Corda such a purple passion
Oh
Sport radio five sixty QAM
Leads the biggest names the best talent. Are you sure big dog Joe Rose?
Sports radio five sixty QAM sports leader. It's why they you
Best did the rock Obama police
Kindergarten who should be taught about sex. I'm John McCain and I approved this message John McCain wants to
Stay in Iraq for a hundred years. I'm Barack Obama and I approved this message
Barack Obama wants to force you to have an abortion even if you don't want to and the abortion will be performed by a
Terrorist on an American flag. I'm John McCain and I approve this message John McCain wants to force you to have babies
Even if you're a man and the penalty for having an abortion
Will be death I
Broko Obama and I approve this message in 2005 Barack Obama voted to make everyone have aides
I'm John McCain and become transvestite crackhead heroine junkie porn actors
I'm gone. Then he puke done an American flag. I'm John McCain and I approve this message John McCain is
217 years old. He's going to die in office and Sarah Palin
Will make you eat moose
What do you mean? Moose?
Yes
People are gonna believe that I'm Barack Obama. I'm John McCain and I approve this message
That was down about 90 points nothing at all panicky about yet. Wait a couple hours. Then you can get all panicky
So anyway, you know something I'm thinking
Not too hard although I looked at IOD and the rush had a head of 4 7 so it's got to be mostly Russian midday
So the right wingers like I said before got the diaries heavy duty
You following me or not?
Okay, I'm just telling you but in spite of that
Since they always give you the old business
Now Joe had a good and well not great, but I mean at least he went up three four in the morning
We had a four point. Oh and the afternoon was a two-nine and nighttime was a one six
So we had again as usual the highest number on the station
Yeah, right? Yeah, not good enough. What?
It's that that's not good enough in this place
Of course number one isn't good enough. So I shouldn't worry about that never was I
Erick was not is Eric responding in his little box or what?
Because he's not putting the new pull up there. He just not as soon as he gets off the phone. He said
I see
Anyway, Doug Thompson writes McCain and his phony plumbers. This is good stuff
By the way, Neil at Neil Rogers dot com on the email stuff
I noticed his pretty slim and grim so far every morning. It's the same deal
We get off to a slow start on the emails then they pick up like there's nothing on there right now
There were a few earlier some real direct
How we doing on fat Chris's pull oh nine ninety so I guess when we get to a thousand and we can change it if Eric is off the phone by them
Maybe John McCain dog Thompson says should dump the coat and tie an appeared campaign rallies and appear of low-slung workpants that show the crack of his ass
He certainly has proven what an ass he can be to the nation with his tiresome embrace of Joe the plumber in the last presidential debate
Turns out McCain's working class hero Joseph Horzel-Bacher isn't a licensed plumber
O's back taxes and would benefit from the tax cuts proposed by
Democrat opponent Barack Obama
In other words, Joe the plumber is a fraud as phony is a McCain campaign promise and illusion created in desperation by a candidate
Whose campaign is sinking into the muck of itself generated political mud hole
About damn time we need to put this angry scene our old man out of this nation's misery
It deserves to be terminated at the polls with extreme prejudice enough already
Give them the political death he deserves and send Sarah Pailin back to Alaska. They like enough cases up there. We don't
McCain is running a despicable campaign and his erratic performances in the debates coupled with the long stringer gaffes on the stump
Proves he doesn't have enough gray matter left to handle the toughest job in the world
The man who constantly invokes the memory of Ronald Reagan would be more seen outgoing to office than Reagan was when he left and that should scare the hell out of anyone
Senator from Arizona overplayed his hand time and again his repetitious claim that I have the scars to prove it when it comes to experience and wars both
Wheel and political is wearing thin and his new and a new AP Yahoo poll shows most Americans are sick and tired of John McCain and the regressive political party
He represents
Yet Barack Obama is an unknown but after eight years of George W. Bush even an unknown has preferred over McCain and four more years of
Republican mismanagement corruption and disregard for basic American rights and freedoms
The next president will follow the most corrupt and failed president in American history
George W. Bush is such an utter disaster on so many levels. It'll take historians decades to peel away the layers of corruption
Abuse of power and incompetence
Allowing John McCain to went to the White House and continue even one of Bush's policies is too big a risk
America can't afford former years of Republican rule
Bush and his henchmen should shred of the Constitution destroyed a nation leaving the US have broken divided this functional country
Like Joe the plumber McCain is a fraud his candidacy is a sick joke and his party is a corrupt criminal cabal
It's time to take this country back from the despots who seized control
That's Doug Thompson. He's pissed off him fired up
Pissed up him fired off
Yeah
Like Porella not well not that far to
So the number sucked and how about those guys across I know it said the kids you only wanted didn't participate in that big
That big rally across the street
That ought to shut his big fat. Yeah, I'm sure it won't
I'm sure it won't he's got a big stupid mouth and a all look at that. We got the thing changed. Do I have Chris's permission to
I'm not even I hate this other poll so much. I'm not even gonna read it. Come on eight more eight more of my ass
Excuse me. Yeah, eat more ass eat more of my ass. Don't start with it
When I look at the picture of Neil on the website I get I laughed my ass off. That's my vote
Get horny get nauseous
Promise to start my diet immediately don't find anything wrong with it
Think it looks a lot like me think it looks just like I always picture Neil would look like well. It's 20 years ago
Polka had sticking my eye thought it was George or laughed my ass off the new poll is up there. Thank God
Oh
Solid voted get nauseous shame on you
Here's another email from Bill spike wise are good friend
You know how all these people showed up at the same time the old IOD people the fake Johnny dark and the fake bill wise
Bill wise bill spike wise at mr. Radio, Jr
Ernie Sochen at Meg green spy reports really
Says as recently as January 2008 Ernie Sochen was a member of the Cutler Bay formerly Cutler Ridge City Council
I'm sure he's been introducing and passing legislation pertaining to socks an honor holder and let's talk about the notch
I want to talk about the notch as for smeg green. She's doing financial consulting in South Florida
Also has a Q&A in the health financial section an honor of crossy smeg. I'd like to ask how do I roll over my CDs?
So I'll be happy when I roll over in my grave
You remember WNWS funeral brilliant radio only Neil you Neil could read a list of 300 names or so very few of whom anyone outside the industry
New and make it absolutely compelling
It was at that moment. I realized you truly are a something among men
It's blocked out right right hand the margins get the queen of them maybe a
Girl among men. I don't know what it says all and then there was the time when you went on the Steve Caincho to debate Reverend Pupik
What was his real name? I don't know Jason something about something another and you totally busted him on his relationship with a stripper named destiny something
I don't remember if you actually wore a chicken suit
I remember you talking with a birder in the day about showing up the studio to the Caincho wearing a chicken suit or a chicken mask
I doubt you did in retrospect, but I remember the debate you nailed his ass
Not the way the Reverend Pupik nail all those altar boy asses, but you still nailed his ass. Oh God
I have no life. You always throw him out of your key somebody shoot me
Bill spike wise p.s. Herman M. P. were great even if they didn't make occasionally accidental references to
WGTR. She
Crap happens especially in this industry pretty weak email this morning spike not even in the same league as the one the other day
When you agree. Yep pretty weak crap. Oh wait till you hear this in
Ada Oklahoma
Flyers promoting the Ku Klux fan were distributed in copies of the Ada Daily News and ring the paper's employees and readers
The KKK says it's not responsible for people printing out and distributing information from its website and the newspapers calling the flyers
Unauthorized activity
We are mortified and soar we as a newspaper that our newspaper is being used this way said Lauren Beasley with the eight evening news
Ah, huh, I knew the beesleys always sat in the corner with those pointy hoods
The associated press reports that local authorities are looking into the hate crime charges
And it's got a video here to God bless America the Ku Klux fan got a picture of the swill that they put
Although at least it wasn't a DVD of that fake movie what's that movie called?
Obsession oh see I beat you to a fatso and George. He's like oh he's out of it all again
He's just little bones. Yeah, he's looking his wounds because of the fact that we didn't make the bonus. I know
I'm looking my wallet. No, I'm well. I'll take out of the jolly Joe regime, man. We sure are cleaning up
Sport radio 560 QAM the fourth leader
The biggest names the best talent. He's the mad dog Jim Manditz afternoons 4 to 7. Oh right you 560 QAM the sports leader many of us may not be getting enough
Sports leader my ass
God, I'm nice bookler sitting at home watching the W. W. If I got hair on my back and
Courses on my breath. I got remote control. I got my Nintendo's joystick. I'm so dying lazy
I'm married a pregnant chick
Where is true? I drive a beamer and I play looking golf. I wear polyester pants that I never take off
I go out to the bars and I try to be funky
But I don't fool anyone because me a honky
I listen to Madonna and I think she's really happy and that Julio
Is lazy and spell it just makes me flip I don't like to live crew. They're just so darn dirty
My kids are allowed to listen until they turn 30 my dad is my uncle and my sister's my aunt
I'm enrolled in school just to get me a grand. I tell a lot of it to jokes
I think that they're funny. I got a bad sense of humor
What does me a honky?
I'm a honky
I'm a honky
I'm a honky
The little two-eyed
I'm a honky
I'm a honky
I'm a honky
You failed
Look at me, my box-devil of you look at this
I'm a lot on the gum over here and pull my finger
Like I said
I'm nervous when he said pull my finger. I was afraid what was going to follow that
Yeah 1046 14 you four eleven at five sixty WQM
Here's the award-winning lineup baby Orlando at Dolphins camp to a clock a lot of people suggested we send Orlando to camp
And we're gonna do it the dolphins who they play this week by the way Fanzo. That would be the Ravens
Oh the
Camembert the point scoring a challenged Ravens the offensively challenger
They could come on. Yeah right exactly like I said so that'll make them three and three for sure who the Patriots plan
Oh, that's right Denver a little girl steam. Well that that could be interesting
Mad Dog at Hooter's Dural at four o'clock then at seven o'clock. It's dolphins tonight, baby
One of the worst shows in the history of mankind followed by the Dodgers and the Phillies. No, that's not followed by the Dodgers and the Phillies because that's that series is over
You know all he had to do is
Re- do this one page and he wouldn't do it lazy lazy shifless and a loser
That's clearance for you
Dodgers and Phillies my ass. So I don't know what's on after eight o'clock tonight and quite frankly with those numbers
Does it really make a difference now?
maybe DA
This while you have to love those repeating spots on the internet stream with a big O and boom box repeating after five seconds
300 times. Okay, just relax brand and we got enough of issues of our own here
Not much on the email front so far this morning air every day
It starts out really really slow and I got a push him in problem. We might actually have to take a couple of calls today
George let's do here's a comment looking at your fat picture inspired me to go back on the atkins as somebody
I lost 30 pounds when he had Dr. Bob is a guest on your show back in the day
I kept that pounded off for a long time, but sadly it's back with another ten or twelve additional
When I saw that photo posted on your website. It wasn't funny to me
It made me think that soon I'll look like that if I don't take action immediately if not sooner
So I've been doing atkins since the first day that picture went up on your website have fun on your week off
I saw a list of us have a whole week to look forward to George the second best talk shows in town
Viva Jorge sorry if that sounds too Mexican for George
Just find it sound fine. That was just fine
What a sounded a lot finer if he would have gotten some diaries. Yeah, and we had at least number three bonus
Nothing we didn't get nothing what do you expect from this regime man?
Then and they act like they're paralyzed. That's the thing that just astonishes me
They got this little boy program director with his little group of a boyfriend's the beast in this one and that one and it's it's like a bad high school
Radio is what it is and
The formatics are all messed up and when the fleet has the balls to open up a month
I'll go mind you on business here in promotion. This is programming go mind you on business
Don't stick it. I was into programming. I'm the maven on the expert. Joyce told me
See if if I'm the manager of a station like this
Where the numbers are just van of course, you know what they're thinking don't you?
What now it's football?
Maybe we got the dolphins the numbers will go up and then of course after the football season like last year in the winter time
Everybody vanished remember that
Yep in the winter we were the master of disaster
God
Justin is really pissed off about Josh Cortes too
Justin says I thought I was the only one that had a seeding hatred for Josh the queer quarters
Aside from the fact he sounds like a little game mouse on ear
He's still annoying when he's on with George. I think he's confusing him with the flea
Maybe he's always writing and raving about his sexual con quest with trashy horrors. No, I guess not
He acts like he's so cool and thinks that his idea of web design is crap. He has plunged the QM website of the toilet
I think we should start a Facebook Facebook group titled die Josh Cortes and see how many people sign up
Up yours quarters Justin
How do you like that? That's a sterical they're pretty p-oed about and on the day when he's gonna be getting that check today and at the FedEx envelope
Wow they hate you Josh
It is true though about that thing with that
The two for one deal. It just it just slows everything down because people can't get on the damn thing
It can't get on the page
It's almost like intentional, you know, I mean there's an outfit that runs these two for one deals
Which is why every station and everybody their brothers been doing wouldn't it wouldn't it be funny by the way Iod
It's got that a pretty decent morning number and a decent a midday number. They pounded us 470 with 4.0
So wouldn't it be something if not only rush had some numbers in there, but also a footy that would be great
That would be a miracle, but it would also be great because now he's
He's gone. Oh, and thanks there for the idiot who sent me the thing about ED Adams died. We talked about that yesterday
Oh these people just absolutely make me crazy
Every time we talk about something or have it on the pole the next day. Oh, guess what you hear Tom Trezh died Neil no kidding
We talked a lot yesterday about dying people and I think there was a it's an omen
Dead people and this book that that was up 19 points. Let's hear it. Let's have a big comeback
Nothing in the email Neil at Neil Rogers dot com that is not a kickin ahead. Yep
Our real kickin-y ass
Sean says I figured out where all our money went by him all by myself
This is Sean and Holly with the pull guy who's got a couple of a pulls on here
Which I won't waste your time reading. I'll put him in my pile
He says remember how we were told if we saved just a few dollars a week
It can multiply hugely over years sadly the transverse is also true if we each pee away a few dollars a week our losses become
Staggering money that will never get back using using the government's own figures on fuel consumption
I calculated how much we paid for gas each week during the bush years versus the Clinton years
The increases alone range from 63 million a week in December 2001 to a puking-ducing
6.52 billion in one single week in July of this year
Here's the number and 404 weeks of bush we paid an additional
One trillion 13 billion dollars for gas
3400 dollars for every man woman in down syndrome child in the US
This does not count fuel natural gas diesel or kerosene fuel oil
My life is one never ending tournaments is Sean and Holly with well speak for yourself. We're doing great
But we weren't till those numbers came off boy
poor George
Although still the highest on the stations. See that's the point I make that every summer. Yeah
Oh, it's never not been that's never not been the case but still
And to see the way that they got pounded
Pounded in the afternoon by the labaster number two in the market is anybody believe that
But then if you you know accuse them of having wired diaries. Oh, geez every time we do a good Roger says
You know when they do good it's legitimate. No, I think they legitimately kicked our ass and though you know
That's because we put so much garbage on here. I mean jerks the jerk show that was like the death knell
The jerk show
You know that bit about jolly rolly joe he don't have a clue what to put on between two and four
That's and then he takes a guy who's already rock solid in the morning from five to seven in the morning puts him on again a second time
Good
Good god jolly joe bell one of the people over there in April is gonna stop sniffing glue and wind up and sniff the
daffodils
And get the aroma of these numbers aroma that could put you in a coma and with the economy the way that it is when you have good numbers
It's gonna be tough enough to sell but when you have no numbers forget about it
my god
oh
At least run the first page. I'll say that
mornings and us
And that jerks thing from two to four that that was you know and people go oh you're so mean
You don't give anybody a chance. Yeah, right
Like it took a genius to figure out that that was him unacceptable radio unacceptable
Let's see here's one it says from Danny. I'm in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
Saw a van with large pictures of Obama and Biden all over it. It had a bumper sticker that said hey Sarah
Sarah pale and band any good books lately license plate was from Alaska
Going to see the movie W today go Oliver Stone. It says oh Oliver's stoned
God he's so bad
Larry King said during his broadcast at the vice president of candidate Sarah pale will make an appearance on this weekend
Saturday night live we've just confirmed that Sarah will appear on SNL on Saturday King said on Tuesday
And a phone interview with the Chicago Tribune executive producer of SNL Lauren Michael said I think soon or later everyone will come through
Wow
Well, I mean she's a joke anyway
Yep, did you see McCain and Obama roasting each other last night? Yes, I bought five minutes of it Obama killed it it says
At least they were smart enough to make McCain go first so we didn't have to follow Obama good stuff
Did you see it? No, the roast the big roast nope
Here's Melissa again. She's back well the at least some of the same people are emailing gun. Nobody knew because we don't have anybody knew
We have nobody knew because we're just sitting here. We're just vegetating. We're like we're like a cactus in the desert
Full of pricks
You know what I'm saying yeah, I heard you said like a cactus sitting out roasting full of what?
Baking full of crap uh-huh baking in the sun
Yeah, I'm telling you
It just
Listen, you don't have to just move on move on your body man. Yeah, I don't I'm depressed. I'm gonna go drink and puke
Why cuz you actually believe we were gonna get some bonus money with this
We'll be flat at least you know
That's not what I thought
You thought it would at least be flat yeah at least well the right wingers got all the diaries in September
You know even over the summer it's it's usually number one
The number one more often than not you know by leaps and bounds
You know you talk about living in the past you're always giving me crap about when I do shows reminiscing old restaurants and places
You talk about living in the past man you are really
You're like in the time tunnel. No you're right. You're with bonus money. That's another thing living in the past great
Back in the salad
You know
You're
The biggest
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM
Miami for Lutterdale
This is the Neil Roger show
Who's the toy? This is your brain
Any questions
I'm John McCann my prisoner and I don't approve of negative campaigning because it doesn't give Americans much hope for the future
Of my friends
The bedama afraid my friends that Barack Obama is a terrorist who wants you all to die
I have it on good authority my friends that at the age of nine
Barack Obama was affiliated with homegrown terrorist
Loares who flew bisexual planes into an interest desk
Through bisexual planes into initial stacks of hay and I think once on the
mysterious ship I'm not sure at the tender age of six Barack Obama
Consorted with known underground radicals all crash-nearing have adopted
Barack Obama was the elusive fifth-feetal my friend who was a member of the Charlie mansion family
And he has Tori the fairies with squeaky from and Willie Horton here. Yo, who my friends
The lack of on the health like skin shows for Buffalo Bill and played the triangle in Dr. Judge
Symphony and that's not the kind of change week and break a 20 with my friends
It can I have my cream for now
11. I wanted five sixty wqm and these emails nor are starting to be as ponderous as the calls, you know
I probably just gonna sit here and scream for four hours every day. I
Like that. We already have it on tapes. We just loop it. Yeah, that's good. We're going to voice out too a little loopty-loop for example
Sorry, yeah
Here's a SR sends me a picture that has been on every website you
My tube their tube on our website the picture of McCain going off the stage behind Obama with his hands out in his tongue
Yeah, like a quick and it says may have mistaken him for Sarah. No, this is not shocked
As if as if oh
These people must live in a vacuum. Mm-hmm
They find something on there that everybody in the world has seen four thousand times already. Oh look at this
It's for real. It's not shopped. It's the crop
And militia who were in earlier. I thought was a pretty interesting, you know
I'm listening every day in Concord, North Carolina quietly enjoying the show and participating in the surveys you care nothing about
Now, what does that mean first of all
I give up she's voting I guess and you want us to stroke your ego with a shout out every day
Yes, the answer is yes
And eagle you looked a hot mess in that circa 1988 picture you look better now hola back militia hola back
A shout out
Yeah, oh my god, oh
No, speaking English okay, no, speaking English
Joe the plumber Joe the plumber Joe the plumber Joe does plumber replace Joe six pack by the way
And and fat as jolly Joe who's also a fake
Mark and mimie says it's amazing to me that the management of your station is still employed amazing to us too Mark
The beesleys clearly don't understand the radio business or don't care that their program director and station manager
Don't understand it. I would assume the only way you can make money for your station is to sell spots
Good thinking mark
In order to sell spots more frequently in a higher rate you need listeners in the appropriate demographics
How do they think that failing to promote the best town instead putting on the worst hosts like the big zero
Not once but twice a day will help them accomplish higher ratings
Give George's own show following yours and stop making me listen to spots with the big zero says mark
In my any
So mystery to all of us to everyone in the business how these people keep their jobs
You just keep waiting for something that happens something exciting something that makes sense something meaningful something
Sintillating
And since the jolly Joe decided to blow the thing up back at the last December right around
Yeah
A blew out the Humper and Ed Kaye and just blew the whole place up
And put on the jerks with his own show since those days man
We have been struggling just to keep a float like the people who were on the Titanic
The thousand ten points by the way no big man. See ya
But not that we complain we're just just keep the checks coming jolly Joe keep him coming nice and early like you've been doing
That's all he can do and least accounts for something
Oh the DNC press 80 billion lies count the lies boring very boring
101 votes on the new pool when I look at the picture of Neil on the website. I laughed my ass off 27
Promise to start my diet immediately immediately if not sooner 24 think it looks a lot like me 13. Oh god
Pocahots sticking my eye nine
Pocahontas
Get nauseous eight get horny seven think it looks just like I always picked a Neil would look like six
Don't find anything wrong with it six and thought it was George one
Oh, it is George
Gotcha, Psych
No, we're either do you rattle it back? Hull it back. I was 46. Okay, so I got a few more years to go
Let's see if I can have that kind of a body by that time and it was kind of boobies
I got three years to work on I already got those kind of boobies. Do you? Oh, yeah
Well, you used to have packs and then you know what happens when you don't work out everything starts to droop
Yeah, yeah, you heard that right
I'm droopy
I'm droopy
Wave of McCain Robo calls reported some a violates state law
The McCain-Paylon campaign and the Republican National Committee launched a massive
Robo call campaign yesterday of designed to alarm voters about perhaps past
Association with former radical billiards
The committee may be violating state laws in the process
The call begins. Hello. I'm calling for John McCain in the RNC before telling recipients
They need to know that Barack Obama's work closely with the Mester terrorist bill heirs whose organization bombed the U.S
Capital the Pentagon of judges home and killed Americans
More remarkable than the messages the reach of the campaign itself reports of robocalls come from Ohio Colorado
New Mexico Wisconsin, Pennsylvania
Virginia, Missouri, North Carolina, Florida
Texas West Virginia, Maine, New Hampshire
Indiana, Delaware, Illinois, Georgia, even Canada
Several readers of Minnesota also reported receiving the call which could be a violation of that state's laws
Oh, God that this is their campaign
Nothing to do with the economy nothing to do with the terrorism nothing to do with anything of any substance just
He hangs out with terrorists. He pals with terrorists. Ah, he's a schwarzer
I'm surprised they're not saying that for those of you who may not have noticed that not look closely. He's a schwarzer
Up fifty nine points on the Dow wow wouldn't that be something that we had like another big boost today another big boost
Don't hold your breath
Tim says warning if someone is voting by absentee valent wants to mail it in they need to apply the proper postage
Probably for two ounces may be more since the envelope for date county doesn't advise the center that he's
Responsible for postage my guess is that a good number of ballots will be returned due to insufficient postage
Sure, the instructions identified the need for postage, but who reads instructions
The compound matters even if you read the instructions
They don't indicate how much postage is needed in order to return the absentee ballot
I personally plan on voting really will not need to worry about how heavy the ballot is my only concern is watching my own weight says Tim
Ha, ha, ha, okay, thanks Tim
If you want us to stroke your ego every day and they'll give you a shout out how about
Well, what kind of uh cock I talk is that
Haven't I always said that no comfort about giving a shout out. It's just it's just it makes me it makes my skin crawl
When I hear that swill so you're gonna give it away. No
How about giving a shootout
The punch lines it is really good stuff good stuff you tell them Tony ah ha ha ha ha
Oh my god Tony Harris the anti-Christ
Neil great reminiscing thanks to the internet go to geocities.com slash yada yada and click on pictures in the W.I.D. Great entertainers
No, I won't thanks Bob enjoy. He says enjoy
Don't you love that when people invite you to do something that for sure they know you're not gonna do and you have no interest in doing them
They say enjoy enjoy
Such a jui thing to isn't it enjoyed to go and say that
Enjoy
Sometimes yeah, oh here's another one about Josh Cortis
Boy, he's taking it up the old armpit today
Neil the guy who called about Cortis is right when he's on with George
He talks like a big shot with the ladies and some sort of Olympic drinking champion
The truth is Josh the WQM website is a mess. I don't know if Cortis looks after your website
Neil. No, he does not but it needs tidying up to too many old pictures and dead links. Well, there you go
That's uh, well we we thought we had a guy who was gonna really help us out with that remember that? Yep. I already forgot his name
Oh the website sucks and tonight. I'm gonna if it's okay with you
I'm gonna send you and I said yeah bring it you send it along give me some advice and you never he disappeared. That was the end
Phony phony effort
Maybe fact christia take over the website says
Regarding the book Neil somebody should shouldn't there be one for english and one for no speaking english
Don't let the bastards get you down low Steve
No, there should not be one for no speaking english. It's just the way it is man. That's the marketplace. That's what it is
Here's a long long thing colon Powell once considered a potential running me for john McCain now may endorse Barack Obama
Quinter Republican sources
But an air of mystery surrounds Powell's plant-live appearance Sunday on meat depressed no one is sure what he's gonna say
Well, maybe he'll apologize for holding up that phony vial at the UN
He was really vial
Bill says the witness on your right hip looks like a leaky colostomy bag. Ah you're on to me bill
See they don't understand. It's just it's the a polaroid picture and it's bad. There's a smear on the wall and a smear on my uh undies
Thank God. It's a white smear and not a brown one
Yeah, I'm having issues with that this morning. I'm just not I made a run
I sat I did not shmatt. Oh, no. Yeah
How's that possible? Maybe I need to get some halls sugar-free. There you go. That'll look
That would be really good at woodbind back and smell of some of those people there. Oh my god
Couple days ago there was this young Chinese woman sat next to me. I swear to you. I was swooning
I thought I'm never gonna survive this. I'm praying for her to lose
And she did lose and then she whoops out a ticket from another machine with a hundred bucks on it. Oh
I thought a hundred credits. I'm never gonna live and then she got down to 47 and then she cashed out and moved on
If she to stage to play out the rest of those 47 credits, I wouldn't be here today
I mean and a Roma could put you in a coma like and I still wonder you know
I brought that up on the air many many times. What is that all about? Is it dietary thing? Is it people who don't bathe?
Must be
Is it eating all of those uh, royal dog? I mean what the hell is it all about?
Get some bodywashed honey. Work your thing on
Oh, man
The fourth leader
It's a T.A. Joe wing nights from eight to 11 here on
The sports leader
Oh
Oh
Can he say play off the best latest he thought investigation to win and
They were getting too close to the towel headed by each other Texas for above a two-week day. Welcome
Oh
When
Oh
say
oh
I'm on my foot again, what the f***?
Push in the starting point.
Tap!
Push in the starting point.
Tap!
Push in the starting point.
Tap!
Push in the starting point.
I was up there, hey, I peed.
Push in the starting point.
Tap!
Push in the starting point.
Push in the starting point.
We get push in the starting point.
All the down, down, five, out, 20, home, one, send.
Five points.
11, 18, at 5, 60, WDQAM.
Chris, I blew it.
Uh-oh.
Neil, the show has become Georgia show already.
You need to retire already.
Let George take over at your salary.
Since he does everything for the show, even if you stay on here,
he should be given your paycheck.
You should give his.
If it wasn't for him, you would never show anymore a sign.
Crystal.
Uh-huh.
The fake Georgia's wife, Chris.
That's right.
She's everywhere.
She's all over the place.
And Melissa and Concord North Carolina
starting to really, really bug me bad.
Okay, honey, you're bugging me bad, sweetie.
Subject, love you.
I was saying I love your show.
I'm a faithful listener.
Show the faithful listener some love.
Holla back.
How's that?
Was that a good?
Holla back.
Go away, Melissa.
You can't let me play it.
She's not sitting back listening quietly.
She's bugging me.
Holla this and Holla that.
Maybe she wrote the legend of sleepy holla.
Side says.
Neil God, I don't understand why you're aggravating yourself over the numbers.
Am I aggravating myself over them?
I just understand.
Well, you are because you were all whipped up about thinking getting some bonus money.
The amount of bonus money that I could get during the summer book anyway.
It's half of the rest of the year for me.
Every little pittance matters to me.
You're not going to get it.
I know.
I told you before the show this morning is highly unlikely.
I said, I don't think never the less.
Never less what a boy can dream, can he?
It seems that you keep forgetting where you work.
It says WQ AM.
The station is nothing without your show management.
If you want to call it that same as the rest of the Florida is asleep at the wheel.
20 hours a day talking sports.
How can one talk so much about one boring subject life isn't about sports?
The Marlins are getting a half a million dollar taxpayer bailout.
So 587 people can watch a week in boring team and no one is asking a question.
The political leadership in South Florida and your management are nothing more than a bunch of crooks.
But they're exactly with this sleepy town deserve.
Thanks for informing and entertaining us.
Thanks to George for filling in and doing a great job.
Saad.
Thanks Saad.
And we hollered back.
Hollered back.
Oh, just gives me the creeps.
Liz says I hope you've had a marvelous week.
I wouldn't say it's been a marvelous week.
It's been okay.
Would you say it's been marvelous?
No.
Not in any respect.
No.
I'm writing to say that if there were an I love Josh Web group I join in a minute.
He's cute, charming, adorable and amusing.
Even if he doesn't have a razor sharp wit.
Josh Cortis is the subject to your today.
I guess.
No, yeah.
You know, all these emails could be coming from two people.
Josh Cortis and Brandon.
Brandon denies it by the way.
I'm sure he's in he got his finger in it.
George is bright enough for both of them and Josh is cute enough for all three of you.
Oh, Liz, get some glasses on.
Speaking of looks, please remove that horrible hideous photo from your website.
Replace it with another one of Brady Quinn and the other Brady sports to know.
That picture of you is so unbelievably unappetizing.
It's ruining my sex life.
Listen, Uncle Nina.
I love you, but you've got a bad you've got a bod for radio.
And kisses to George his list.
Got a bod for me.
That's 20 years ago.
It's an old picture.
I look lovely now by comparison.
I might still look like crap and not like that.
God.
If I still look like that, you know, I would do what retired across the street and get some
heavenly hash didn't have any yesterday.
Good.
Rob says happy Friday.
Neil, thanks for warning about monotone George being on the year.
I won't be listening next week.
Can you measure how many people tune out when George takes over?
It's got to be thousands have a great time.
This is Rob.
A little shot at George.
Thanks, Rob.
He'll be there.
You want to give George a hollow back.
Give him a shout out and hollow back.
God.
It's I'm going to take a look at that.
Well, here's scooper Scott says love the picture.
Thanks, Scott.
He's probably sitting right now right in front of his monitor with his life in his hands.
153 votes on the pool.
Oh, here's one, but it's not from a list.
You thank God.
Obama vets a big on Florida turnout.
It says his campaign believes he could win the state of Democratic voter registration gains
can be converted into actual votes.
That's it.
Get off your asses and vote for crying out loud vote early vote often vote on election day.
Vote now.
I'm voting.
What about you, George?
That's right.
George can't vote.
Are you ever going to become like?
Yeah, I'm working on it now.
Too many people give me too much crap.
You know, it might already be.
That's what I got to look into.
And what about fan Chrissie?
Are you going to vote?
Of course.
For Obama.
Damn good thing you said that.
That's why voted for in the primary is a figure.
You didn't vote for a swallery?
No.
I don't know.
Hmm.
Kathy says, never time caller, second time emailer, but I've loved your broadcast for years.
I went to see the movie Religialist today with one of the smartest women I know because
only smart people love Bill Mar.
Oh, oh, Kathy.
Several lines remain prominent in my memory, but the best was religion is a neurological disorder.
My friend and I were one of six people in the theater.
I doubt this film will make it another weekend, South Florida, because only intelligent, broad-minded
people could bear to watch it, which does not include my soon to be ex-husband.
Hmm.
But now here's the question of the day for you.
Was I the only person one of your few female fans in South Florida who noticed that John
McCain's maniacal grimaces during last night's debate with Obama were those of a man too far
out of control, and I'm sure it would be trusted to take that 3 a.m. phone call.
And that John McCain's facial expressions were too early like those of Jack Nicholson in
the shining.
Red rum, red rum, red rum.
Holy Mother of God, let's thank the Lord Jesus, Allah, all the other countless divinities
that appears as nasty, petulant old man will not be our next president.
On the other hand, I have a woman friend, ex very wealthy, who says he doesn't want to see
a lot of blacks running around the White House.
Wasn't that charming?
Unless they're wearing like white outfits and they're the servants.
On the other hand, I went to the Miami Lakes Highly Obama headquarters for meeting and
found that it was delivered in Spanish.
No speaking English, just like my Chinese convenience store, no speaking English.
Well, I'll be on my way to Woodbond at 2 o'clock and I'm just going to stay there all day.
You know what?
Do it.
Might just stay there all day.
I might take my blackberry and put it in the bottom of the bathtub.
I'm drowning it.
Drown it.
Well, one thing about those deals is once you get water in them, they're done.
Oh, yeah.
I know that.
Every once in a great while.
Robby Young says you're all doomed.
Here's Robby from the graves.
There's just letting you know you, George Josh and morbidly obese Chris are all doomed.
Could you please play the Barnaby Jones theme song?
Thank you, Robby Young.
Well, at least it wasn't Melissa again.
I guess we hollered back enough for Melissa.
Hollaback.
Now do people really say that or not?
Young, some people.
And what kind of people say hollaback?
Not my people.
What about your people Chris?
Do they say hollaback?
No.
I used to live near Hollenbeck Street in Rochester.
I lived on OK terrace.
Ready for that.
That was the name of the street that I was born.
And was it OK?
No.
It's your ain't OK now.
I'll tell you that.
It ain't OK now.
You can't go back.
Those of you who were born in a certain area of a certain city and you haven't been there
like in 30, 40, 50 years, don't go back.
You'll be real sorry.
What real sorry?
The best challenge.
You don't have any new projects.
Sporting your 560 QAM.
I think sports league.
It's a 12-hour Friday, you bastard.
This here is mode coming at your live.
From the world famous Agen Yut.
My old pal, Senator McCain, will be dropping by in a campaign stop any minute now.
Yeah, that's right.
Me and Mack go way back.
Why, we used the bang the same taxi dancing.
You give me, sir.
We're out of prune Danish.
Would you like to place another order?
Yeah, I'll have the green corn pie.
Well, for me.
It's green corn pie.
We don't have green corn pie.
Oh, here.
I brought my copa.
So go make it.
It's my time.
OK.
OK.
Go ahead.
Now, where was I?
Oh, yeah.
Marie the slave speaking of pie.
He had quite a juggle down there.
It's out of the border.
Yeah.
Yeah, that guy's showing how to figure it out.
You just, hey, hey, hey, there, Mack.
What do you know?
What do you say?
How about Sarah Palin last night?
Yeah, buddy.
How about that, bro?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're fine.
You're ready.
What are you waiting for?
Let me have it.
OK.
Yeah.
One thing I want to hear one more time.
That was the best.
1131 at 560 WQAM.
Happy Friday to you.
Possible Major League baseball playoffs.
What's his name?
Darrow's got on the schedule.
There's no game.
No, I'm sure the Tampa must have won a game last night.
They lost.
They lost eight to seven.
Oh, no, they had all.
Darrow, I think seven, nothing seven to one.
Something like that after.
And they bloated.
Are you?
Are you cereal?
I'm cereal.
The Red Sox state of life.
Enough with the Red Sox already for Christ's sakes.
Jesus, God Almighty.
The race.
Wouldn't that have been sweet?
Well, I guess they got the game five coming up right?
Yeah, I guess.
It's time to games of peace.
What do you mean you guess?
I'm not really paying attention to it.
Me either.
Because I hate you.
I did.
I don't really like you to team.
So either do I.
Although we got you.
Hurricanes playing little girls team Duke.
The Humper's Alma Mater.
Oh my God.
They got a good TV.
Why is he hot?
No, he's good.
They really do have a good quarterback.
Yes, they do.
Well, in some other words, it might be a decent game.
It might be competitive.
But last two games have actually been close.
Well, what do you mean by that?
Last year they had a chance to win the year before they made it.
Oh, you mean against you.
Yeah, I can't do it.
Can't spell scum without you.
M.
Can't spell bum without you.
M.
And then of course we got the dolphins in the Ravens.
Oh, that's almost his appealing.
Oh, is that came here there?
Here, I believe.
Yeah.
That was happening.
I got the one that went against the last night and lost 62.
Oh my God.
The only thing worse than the, I guess it was a blessing that there was nobody
to see it.
Because it was a pretty lame performance.
And there was nobody there.
I mean, you could have gone bowling.
You could have picked your own section set up bowling pins and gone bowling there
at the Macarena.
Are they going to make the playoffs this year?
I doubt it.
Ask me if the Leafs are going to make the playoffs this year.
No chance.
They suck.
Cliff Letcher.
They ought to take him right out and done that square and hang his ass, Cliff Letcher.
Right by the Eden Center.
Let's try to do it the next day.
Put the serums around me and he says everything is going to be just fine.
I wouldn't trade that moment for many others.
I'm the left side.
The hand goes into the corner for Rangers.
The one side of his net.
The barely trapped there.
Hebrews and caught it on his skaters.
This one in.
Back to Curie Crew.
Foster Hewitt, he's still dead and boy, thank God for that.
Boy, there was Bob Cole who just needs a hair transplant and a personality transplant.
They'll bring him back.
I know George is pretty hockey intensive, aren't you?
Whoo!
Leafs in New York to play Rangers tonight.
Not the Rangers to play Rangers tonight.
I just, I must be a Canadian thing.
Oh, there's your president.
Hio now.
What?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I missed him.
Reports of surfaced about O.J. Simpson's violent rub with the all behind bars.
Life behind bars is unbearable for the non-juiced juice.
Simpson's in constant agony because he can no longer take large amounts of pain killing medications.
For years, he's enjoyed massive doses of painkillers because of alleged severe arthritis.
But jail doctors have drastically reduced his daily dose as he withdraws from the drugs.
You know what he needs a good dose of?
Lead.
His anguished pleas to jailers for more painkillers go ignore its horses say.
Sometimes he screams at his jailers demanding peels, but his cries have been ignored till his evaluations complete the source divulged.
O.J. has been over-medicating for years now he's paying the price.
And to make his life even more miserable, his kids are bitter and angry confide in ciders.
His son Justin 20 is living at O.J.'s botched burglary attempt and a strange daughter Arnell isn't shedding any tears according to an insider.
Poor O.J.
Let's holly, hey O.J. give us a holly back.
And this J is really, some of these e-mailers, maybe I'm just getting old and crotchety like John McCain, I hope not.
You think I'm getting old and crotchety?
You have been there for about 40 years.
Well, but not, you know, I don't think you're getting crotchety.
Well, let me read this to you and then you respond to it.
You went through the summer book really fast today like you always do when it's a bad book for Q.I.M.
What?
Yeah, exactly.
I go through it the same way every single time.
Whatever the numbers are, I give them to you.
Did I hear you say footy had a good book?
No, I didn't say that.
I said maybe he had a good book because in midday it was probably mostly rush because 10 to 3, noon to 3 is the big numbers in there.
Maybe I would think I read them too quickly.
That's what I said wouldn't it be ironic as if he really had a show as if he belonged on the year doing a talk show and then it says, Josh, you ferry.
You ferry.
From J.
So in other words, it's not just me that takes an exception to this comment about I went through the book really fast like I always do when it's a bad book for Q.I.M.
I could spend hours on the numbers.
Didn't I say the guys across the street had a big book and I gave you the numbers and I say that?
Yep.
I think these people have got some problems.
Maybe they got stuck.
Oh my God.
Wouldn't that be bad?
Jim says you should do another picture as you are today, posed in the same fashion of course.
Here's my answer to you Jim.
No.
No.
I'm not doing anymore semi-nude pictures.
That just happened to be one that somebody sent to me and I thought it was really a hoot and very funny, pathetic but funny at the same time and having no, you know, I mean, I know self respect because when you work for this company and Joe Bell, how can you have self respect?
Right?
Right.
So that's why I said put it on there.
And some people I know said, oh my gosh, you didn't really put that on there did you? And of course, why not?
What do I care?
Have a good laugh at my expense.
Have a good chuckle.
The Dow is down 66 and there's Sarah.
Can you call it?
I call it bad medicine for bad medicine.
And I call it back.
She is shrill.
She's not just obnoxious and a real trailer trash piece of turrets.
She's shrill, a shrill bitch as opposed to your regular ordinary pedestrian bitch.
Am I right?
Yes.
Three.
Thrill.
And get a straight answer out of our opponents.
He's a terrorist.
That's right.
He piles around with terrorists.
He does.
Maybe even smoke, maybe even smoke.
Cliff and Candle says, I heard you say you're interested in improving your website.
Yeah, it needs a lot of work and at the rich, uh, Roma, that's the guy's name.
Richard Roma, he was going to help us out with the website and he just vanished.
I mean, well, what is that?
You know, anybody can criticize, say, oh, your website sucks, uh, you know, but at least Cliff here has got some ideas.
He says, I have heard Eric say on several occasions.
Just tell me what to do and he'll I'll do it.
God forbid that he take any initiative.
See, they're all ripping everybody.
They court us and Eric and you and me and fatso Chris.
Everybody's on the, uh, they're all bent out of shape.
I'm not text happy.
What about running a poll for suggestions on improving your website?
Suggestions.
One, change the wallpaper once a month.
You've had the same lime green wallpaper with snowflakes for years.
Change the wallpaper.
Two, update your video links like the powers of nightmare.
It doesn't even work anymore.
Three, change your cartoons once a month.
Maybe have a contest for the funniest cartoon of the week.
Or a month.
Four, delete anything to do with Bush after the election.
Five, for God's sake, man, take down your picture.
You guys are the best.
You make the daily grind a little more bearable since Cliff and Kendall is very chronic.
But at least, yeah, yeah, I'm not taking it out of my picture.
I would agree the website is very stale, but who's going to do something with it?
I think Eric said he can do some stuff.
Maybe, maybe I'll send Eric an email tomorrow and I'll send him a whole,
or I'll just fax him a thing.
I'll send him a whole list of suggestions on what to do and where to go.
Why are you playing the pig, pig O promo over and over again?
You're trying to make me puke.
I'm listening online.
Can't you get it?
Come on.
Can't you get this is wrong?
That's also my fault.
One promo is for play, right?
That's cute.
The pig O.
Oh, my God.
Oh, the Razor up three games to two.
It's a New York City day.
So it's a seven game series.
Oh, that's right.
It's the league championship.
The American league, the ALCS.
That's why Faso was a little confused before our cutch off guard.
The Razor up three games to two, but they had it.
They had it locked up last night.
They had it won.
Neil, I'm curious if you were acquainted with Buddy Dean.
And his record machine involved him more in the 50s, early 60s.
Had a radio TV show never heard of him.
Also, Milk Grant and Washington DC never heard of any of them.
And since I never lived anywhere near or those places,
why would I have known those people?
Now, George on the other hand probably was pretty tight.
How about George?
Yo, yo.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You know his new projects.
Fort radio, five sixty QAM.
The fourth league.
Oh, I think you're in the next break.
I may actually do a choice.
Really?
Well, it's long overdue, man.
And it's very unusual for me to overdo.
You're like a library book.
It's overdue.
Debbie says, just why to let your listeners know that tomorrow there's an Obama March starting at South
Railway and high school on US one and walking the young circle.
Bring signs where your Obama, you're going to show your support.
Before the early voting starts next week, the time is 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Love the show, love George's show and Quittal and Chrissy's spat.
The poor kids gonna need therapy.
I hope you get to have a great weekend, Debbie.
And Debbie, we hollab back.
Go, yo.
Jorge says, the wild just scored again.
What's happened to the sports teams in this town?
I've done spending my money on this garbage.
I'm going to the hard rock and plung my guts out with what little money I have left.
Have a great weekend and we'll try to keep the gun out of my mouth.
So Jorge.
Just relax, Jorge.
It's only money.
Mariana, remember that story about the school teacher used the N word to describe Obama?
Yeah.
As a room full of outrage black parents watched and discussed,
a middle school teacher who used a racial epithet to describe Barack Obama
was able to keep his job last night when a divided school board in this rural north Florida town,
Mariana, voted to just his spend and transfer him.
The incident involving teacher Greg Howard, a 22-year teacher and football coach,
has divided the town and served as a stark reminder to many that racial tensions can easily bubble to the surface
as the nation in Florida peer-rated to pick the first black president.
I'm just six that's a queen L. Douglas, a Miami native, who just moved to Mariana
from Miami only to have her 12-year-old son, Jesse, experience the worst kind of racism.
There in Jesse's first-period geography class, Howard transformed Obama's slogan of change
into an acronym by writing this on a dry erase board.
Can anyone help get a N elected?
Officials say he didn't write this slur, but verbalized it as NIGA.
Howard's brother, James Howard, told a hero that his brother written the acronym after a student shared it with him.
He said his brother, Isna racist, was trying to teach students how bad racial slurs were.
Right. This is blown out of proportion, Howard said.
And of course that particular thing that's on air, it's all over the internet.
That change. Can anyone help get a NIGA elected?
Oh. Oh. But numerous parents said their kids told them a teacher wasn't joking.
He'd used racist language before, was trying to indoctrinate students
and to tell their parents to vote for Republican John McCain by passing out a spreadsheet.
They listed the Republican and Democrat policy positions on the side by side format.
The angry parents demanded Howard's ousture, but ongoing superintendent Daniel, outgoing superintendent Daniel Sims,
recommended a two-week suspension without pay and transfer out of Mary Ann Middle School to a Jackson County vocational school.
Howard will also lose his job as football coach.
Hey coach. School board attorney Frank Bonderon said the school board couldn't simply fire Howard
because it first had to vote up or down on superintendent Sims recommendation.
If the board rejected Sims proposal, the attorney said Howard could stay suspended with pay and go on paid vacation.
School board member Kenneth Griffin was noticeably bothered by that prospect suggesting that Sims recommended a harsher penalty by asking,
is that all you got? Yes, there are Sims said without looking at them.
The room grumbled. One parents suggested that a riot could erupt.
The final vote, three to two to punish Howard, is recommended.
This is noverset, tell a Hasse attorney Benjamin Crump representing Douglas and her son.
He said he would petition the governor and state education department to cancel Howard's teaching certificate.
Oh, brother. That's Florida for you, baby. That's the good old deep sal. Mary Anna Florida.
I can just imagine what kind of town that is. Can you? I got it. Pick your name.
I'm a brain. Thousand down 63 point.
Eric and Tamer access. Thank you for letting us know that George will be alone next week taking care of business.
Looking forward to hearing the chronic callers who have no life that want to make girly sounds, screams, chuckles, then hang up.
After an hour, that I'll be looking for something else to do. Enjoy your weekend.
Holla backs is Eric and Tamer. Holla back. Yo.
And there's a picture of John McCain hanging from a noose.
As Obama looks on. Nice. I mean, noose. Yeah. Well, it's a lynching and reverse. You know, it's what I see.
Payback is a bitch. Well, turn the picture upside down. Okay.
234 votes on our pool. When I look at the picture of Neil on the website, I laughed my ass off 59 promise to start my diet immediately.
52. Ignores just 35. Think it looks a lot like me. 26.
Think it looks just like I always picture Neil would look like 16.
Poke a hot stick in my eye 15. Don't find anything wrong with it 14. Get horny 11 and thought it was George six.
They're kind of surly today, man. I don't know what the deal is. They're surly.
Am I right? Oh, yeah. Maybe it's because of a crappy book. That must be it.
Miami dates. No, I'm sorry.
Dade County. See, I promised I would never do that. That will. Miami. Dade things stupid. Yes.
Dade County, circuit judge Douglas. Chumley resigned yesterday after was accused of exposing his genitalia and a Starbucks bathroom stall at the University of Miami.
Chumley 51 is facing a misdemeanor charge of indies and exposure. It was in his final months as a juvenile division judge.
After losing his election bid in August, Chumley will not fight the charge instead said as attorney male black,
he'll enter a pre-trial diversion program for first time offenders and the charge will be dismissed.
Usually that means rehab classes. Chumley's not admitting to the charge but resigned to avoid the stress on his family from the spectator of a drawn out trial black set.
The date state attorney's orifice which filed the charge didn't specify who reported Chumley after the September 25 episode.
He announced his resignation Wednesday in two paragraphs letters sent to the governor's orifice.
It's been my distinct honor and privilege to serve the people of the state of Florida and Dade County.
Chumley wrote, Chumley saying he was ill had not been to court this week. He's ill and dates.
Chief judge Joseph P. Ferrina issued this statement yesterday. Of course this news is distressing but the law including the presumption of medicine
applies to everyone no matter their station in life under the circumstances. The Chumley's personal decision to resign is appropriate as we strive to maintain the public's trust and confidence in our courts.
Chumley, a Palmetto Bay Republican is married with two children.
Then governor Jeff Bush appointed Chumley a long time civil attorney, one time English teacher at Christopher Columbus High to the bench in 2006.
He was assigned to the juvenile division in August. He lost his election bid to Marsha Cabo-Hero. He starts in January.
The university did not say why Chumley who's not a faculty member there was at the school. Spokeswoman Carla Hernandez released a statement that stressed the school's safety enhanced by video surveillance and emergency phones topped with blue lights.
Thanks to quick thinking the incident was reported and followed up on immediately by University of Miami police. The statement said, little hanky spanky at UM.
You know they could use a little hanky spanky. They could use something. God what a place.
Now is that pizza place still there on the big cheese? No, is that what it is now? It's the one that I've known.
It's not actually a little bit south of there. What it used to be, Mr. Pizza. I don't know. That's what the bird took me and it was so salty.
I mean, I've had bad pizza. They got a lot of bad pizza here. It's no trick to make bad pizza, but I've never had salty pizza before went to that place. Oh, it was little Caesars.
I've known if that's the learnout. Why not? You look at the county. I want you to be county. Are you a big wet athletic supporter?
I would be more of a supporter if I had more money, sure, but I mean, I follow the team. But I don't donate like you don't tie a half year salary to the UM every year so they can put a lot of dumb jokes on the field and get embarrassed and humiliated.
Wouldn't it be something if they lost a duke? I don't think so. That would be four losses.
Why don't they play like some real schools, although it looks to me like when they play like even a close to a real school they get their asses kicked while they're rebuilding unfortunately.
Oh, they're rebuilding. Oh, that's that's a good one. Like the you mean like the dolphins and the Panthers and the Leafs. The Panthers have been rebuilding for 10 years.
The Panthers suck exactly and the organization sucks.
At the aisle, poker room in casino and pomp and a beach, two players were arrested this week, one for a dealing oxy in the men's room, another for telling another player that I'm going to get my car, get my gun, and I'm going to come back and blow your brains out.
How about that? The Dow is down 45 points. Did you check out the in trade predictions for the president?
There were some alleged shenanigans going on by someone trying to goose up McCain's number and Obama still at 84.5% to win.
Yeah, let's take some bets on it. Okay. One thing about gamblers, man, if there's one thing I can't stand is people that want to gamble on things that shouldn't be gambled on. You know what I mean?
Like I'll bet you that old lady gets across the street in 45 seconds. I'll bet you that tree from the from the fig tree hits the floor hits the ground first before the one from the method. Yeah, I had an eye told him my uncle, Mugsy Solomon. He was a bookie. If there were two leaves falling from a tree, he would bet you which one would hit the ground first.
There's one thing I can't stand. It's people who gamble much. No, I think gambling is fun. It's your money. Although I will say this when you gamble away the lunch money like that lady, a few Christmas. Like three years ago, Christmas time.
I'm sitting on my machine mind in my own business and she comes by has to announce to me that she brought six grand to the track to buy all the Christmas presents for the kids and grandkids and the whole family and she lost it all.
I would buy six grand and I'm thinking to myself, what would you like me to do about it? Big.
Good. How about I give you four five grand make it you're going to five six eight. The fourth.
The biggest name is the best talent. You're listening to sports radio five sixty WQ AM.
I am my Emmy for the other day. I am for our Iliana.
Iliana.
And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the near roe cake.
I'm on Easter hour. Take high and.
I heard oil supplies they will the fleet when it's another war we have to.
I just relax gases coming down price of oil seventy bucks a barrel everything is a day and so only two
and a half weeks before the election. Yeah. Just coincidence.
I ask her from Serbita on London England rights and of course you know and every
yesterday I said all you people who are listening out of the area who don't live in South Florida will be next here from you.
I got one or two.
They just don't care enough to send a very best a very worst or anything they don't want.
They don't want to kneel at neorodges.com. It's really easy. Anybody who can send email can do it.
We don't want to. Yeah. That's right. It's over those emails.
Make sure you have no problem sending a lot of cost to crap. Costic.
So don't be concerned about your looks in the photo from 1988. See if I was concerned about my looks in that photo would I put it up there.
I mean it is what it is. I know it's funny. It shows your sense of humor or your appearance today for that matter.
It's what's inside the counts you have something good inside you in your personality is something either.
I still think you should take more calls again and maybe invite some of us more culture and civilized Brits to make some contribution to try to improve and listen to the listening figures.
Americans are okay but sometimes they can be a bit uncouth. All right and may not be the best conversationalist in the world or a bit uncouth as opposed to you stodgy, constipated Brits.
Although who am I today to be talking about constipated I try again by the way no go.
No go have a cough drop. I don't gotten on unless you want to fill for about 10 minutes or are you going to go shopping.
I just go half across the street. No speaking English and give me some calls. I don't want to do that. I don't want to be like all we can be squirted. Okay. Good.
Anyway I hope you have a wonderful vacation next week said Oscar enjoy the slots or whatever else you decide to do.
Give me a call after the show if you're in the mood and we can be friends. Right give me a call after the show.
If it just makes you want to fall on the ground like a little kid you know how little kids do.
But I start pounding their fist like in a fit. That was down 20 points. There's Susan Malvo. I think she's pretty cute.
She's old bag probably but a lot of good makeup. You don't think she's something nothing in the email right now.
Nothing. There are no items in this view. The scandal is an absolute freaking scandal.
And then that book that came out this morning. The summer book. Yeah. And you know the guys across the street are going to be really touting their horn.
Oh we kicked the razz. Yeah. You suck. I mean we suck worse but you guys suck. The whole concept that's what this thing was sports talk radio.
It burned out a long time ago and these people are just blind. They just keep podding right along.
In a rare public act of contrition regarding a sex abuse claim the archdiocese of Miami's issued an apology in a settlement with a teenage girl who claimed to pinecress Catholic church youth minister assaulted her during a 2006 field trip. He assaulted her.
Last year the teenage girl whose name was not made public of course. Allegional lawsuit the pastor of St. Louis Catholic church the Reverend James Fetcher.
I wonder if he's kind of that alley felching on CNN. The Reverend James Fetcher was aware of sexual misconduct by the youth minister Anthony B Rico.
Then 19 as far back as 2004 but did not report it to authorities as required by law.
She claimed Rico had assaulted her during a Vermont field trip and other activities in 2006.
What do you do during a field trip? You feel a lot. Is that what they call the field trip? I hope so.
In a statement posted on sweat page and published in the floor of Catholic newspaper the archdiocese of Miami said amicably we solve the case. In other words they paid him off.
The archdiocese of Miami extends an apology to Jane do a 31 for its role in the harm caused to her as for prayers for all those in the youth ministry who were adversely impacted by such events the statement said.
The archdiocese of Miami will continue to prevent future violations. You should live so long.
Jeffrey Herman the attorney for the 15 year old victim said yesterday he couldn't disclose the monetary settlement.
He noted the apology required as part of the settlement was unprecedented.
This is the first time I'm aware of that the archdiocese has ever done that said Herman who has brought broad and settled dozens of sex abuse cases against the archdiocese and they followed their own policies.
It wouldn't have happened in the first place. Amen brother. Amen.
Nail him to the cross so to speak.
Well who's this brother.
Those decidedly for Obama said things like this as to why they're supporting him.
This is positivity you know he's just seems like he's more focused you know David Lopez.
Boy how many Lopez do you think there are remember Hector Lopez play for the anchors thousands.
That was down 46.
255 votes on the pool when I look at the picture of Neil on the website I laughed my ass off 63.
I don't want to read it.
I want to look at a whole bunch of email there's one.
Oh can block yellow tooth old yellow stain remember yellow stain.
Yep.
Remember Robert Francis.
Yep.
Never trust a guy with two first names Robert Francis boy he sure was pretty.
He's dead.
That would be a good pull I don't know how to how we would do it now maybe we've already done that.
Your who is your favorite young movie actor actress who died at a very early age like James Dean branded the will to Robert Francis Arlene Francis.
Francis over here right right.
Can block the guy with the eyes says my first of all can block isn't the guy with the eyes.
And this is coming from a Miami fan we will do what we've done the last four or five years come out flat.
And lifeless as road kill go through the motions get our ass kicked and wonder how it happened because we're the you and it's about to you.
It's all about to you trust me easiest money you'll ever make take Duke tomorrow.
I don't bet on football games okay I'm not some kind of a degenerate.
That has a bookie that fits on ball games or kind of a degenerate stuff like that anyway stupid crap.
They won't even need to bring their game to whip our sorry asses there the players blow the coaches blow I don't know why bother anymore other than I refuse to be a firm running phone like all the other a holes says can chip off the old block.
By the way here's how stupid and I don't want to go through a whole thing about Randy Shannon.
Instead of saying that they were booze and buddies you say they were butt buddies yeah likely story can.
Screw it we don't deserve the help we've got what's coming to us do so purpose and football is to get humiliated but counteract the pain and sting of loss by chanting that's all right that's okay you're going to work for us someday.
Well now they're going to kick our asses too and probably not even a high risk down the road either.
By the way here's how delusional out of Miami fans are duke started quarterback is from Miami a lot of Miami fans rationalize the fact we let him get away since he's head and shoulders better than anyone who's taken steps for us last five years by saying he couldn't get into Miami because of poor grades.
Oh all right yeah he couldn't get into Miami but got into Duke a real school you know what I've changed my mind I hate Miami now go Duke says fake can block the fake guy with the eyes.
You're close personal buddy that shows up on that's right he doesn't down he doesn't show up yours.
Well maybe he doesn't like you. I don't think about that I'm and I didn't think you would be able to say anything we have to have a dollar.
In our pocket right now for every person who doesn't like us.
You wouldn't be worried about that stupid bonus that we didn't make.
I think it was me by the way I'm awfully sorry I apologize.
Listen I I'm on target for a decent summer book and then all of a sudden September we fell off the shelf but it looked like it was a strictly right wing thing you know.
Yeah it's on Mr. political it's a gamble anyway but still.
I think we ought to take a few calls here today. I I'm in the mood for it. I'll amount vacation next week I'm going to be out of touch.
I don't want to lose touch with the audience you know what I mean.
Like when Eric kept kept Clefton's kid went flying off the window I don't want to do that again I lose touch with the audience.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon AT&T wireless line let's get a couple of calls in here for old time sake.
Like that Maxwell Todd to whatever other phony British guy in London.
Take some calls take some calls who has Britsking. Yeah likely story the Brits give me the schmitz.
I mean occasionally it's like anywhere in the world that you go any country there's bound to be some you know human looking people but generally speaking the Brits are extraordinarily tasty and gross and nasty rotten teeth.
And uptight and really constipated and full of crap.
Like the whole royal family I don't see anything happening on the phone.
There it is.
WQA M hello.
Okay I must have been a line checker there was a first call.
Boy that's pretty that's bad.
WQA M hello.
WQA M hello.
Hey Neil how are you sir.
Okay sir.
Thank you for taking my call I just wanted to say that.
Why do you say that? Why do you have to thank me for taking your call? Why do you say that?
No because you haven't been taking calls which I've actually enjoyed not having to listen to the mugworms.
But why do people say that? Thank you for taking my call. I mean what kind of a I thought I would.
I'm not going to say that but I do want to say that. Don't ever say that again.
Okay I never will.
Can you believe that Sarah Taylor is going to be on Saturday night live.
Yeah I saw that before. Yeah I saw that. WQA M hello.
Hey Neil as far as old farmers can't fly on.
WQA M hello.
QA M hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey I heard you have a problem with the number two there huh.
If you take fish oil it helps break.
I take fish oil every day.
Do you?
It should be working then because with me it works very well.
So I'll go drink about a gallon of hot live raw.
Okay Neil thank you.
Two seventy three on the fat pool on that fat picture pool.
Now what do you think of the call so far?
So far so.
I have a question.
I'm not requiring.
Okay.
WQA M hello.
Oh.
Oh and it's time for a break.
What a bad break.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You know it is no rejects.
Four hundred you five sixty Q.
A.M.
The fourth leaf.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
Oh.
Man, the chapter news.
Four to seven.
Sports radio five sixty Q.A.M.
The sports leader.
Holy mackerel.
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the
Hockey Authority Neil God.
Right along to the gay square dance got a great big zipper in the back of my pants.
Get off the horse at the old barn door got my saddle burned around.
I'm a ride on the horn.
Look inside folks are dancing all around.
There goes Johnny and his mother's not down.
All the man left and all the man right.
All the man needs is a pillow to fight.
Give your partner a silly smirk all going hands for a big circle jerk.
Volunteers all raise your hand.
Who's going to be the next pivot man.
Invite your partner home for a drink.
Lick your lips and give him a weight with a great big smile and a great big nod.
Let him know your gerbels deep cloud.
All right 1218 at 560 WQ AM.
Well I'm not counting down a minute.
I'll tell you that.
Yes I am.
Got some good news for you.
Yeah.
The Supreme Court is citing with Ohio's top elections officials in the dispute with the state Republican party over rotor registrations.
The justices rule today they overruled the federal appeals court that had ordered Ohio's top elections officials to do more to help counties verify voter eligibility.
Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner or Democrat face to deadline of today to set up assistance to provide local officials with names of newly appointed candidates.
The Supreme Court is also a registered voter who drivers license numbers or social security numbers.
I'm voter registration forms don't match records in other government databases and the Supreme said uh uh and the Republicans lost that one in Ohio.
That's the idea is purge the vote.
Purge the vote.
Make sure we get all those people off there who might vote for the other guy.
And while the collapse of the housing market has been tough on every single homeowner I think we all need to recognize that this crisis has been eight times harder on John McKay.
Yeah.
We've been debating a lot of these economic issues over the course of the campaign but lately things have been getting a little bit tougher.
In the last few weeks John's been out of the campaign trail and asked the question who is Barack Obama?
I have to admit I was a little surprised by this question.
The answer is right there on my Facebook page.
But look I don't want to be coy about this.
We're a couple weeks from an important election Americans have a big choice to make and if anybody feels like they don't know me by now.
Let me try to give you some answers who is Barack Obama contrary to the rumors that you've heard I was not born in a manger.
I was.
Well, in the last night they uped it up at that charity dinner and they keep showing it all over and over again.
This is the important stuff.
You know let's get a few yucks in right?
Yuck up.
There's McCain sitting there with his tuxedo on.
You're all.
Yeah.
In the markets only done 16 points not to worry.
Okay, just relax.
Eric says Neil it's an old friend of the show.
My name is Eric.
I met you in the parents back in 1990.
You signed a picture for me when you were on WIOD and you had me in the studio the next week.
This was something I will never forget.
Damn are we getting old?
Anyway, keep up the great work.
D bag.
Best Eric.
All right.
I guess that's a sign of affection when you call somebody deep and howler back.
Manero's organs, Ola Salina served at one of your earlier restaurant deals.
I believe it was Michael's underwater in Helendale says.
Also can't fish do ease is still open.
Andrew's Avenue.
I remember a caller saying it was closed.
Well, call to say a lot of crap.
The show is great with the new format.
You're funnier than ever.
Thanks for all the years of entertainment says Rudy with a very strange spelling WQAM.
Hello.
Ola.
We're down there.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
How are you doing?
Okay.
The other night during the debate I noticed several times when Barack was speaking that you could
tell he would look into the camera and you felt like a certain report that he was like looking
at the country, you know.
And there was other times that when the king was speaking, he would do like these.
He would look like lack of a day ago, like these smirk.
Lacks of days ago.
Yeah.
And that he wasn't, you know, he was like, that was up a buck and a half that he was a.
Yeah.
Lacks of days ago.
That he was speaking English, speaking English.
All right.
Yeah.
He's going to go brush up.
Lacks of days ago.
I just don't have any patients for people who are, you know, what?
Eliterate?
Eliterate door.
And I wasn't eliterate just a door.
Speaking English.
Daniel says after Dave, oh, this thing about Letterman, I didn't watch it.
I never watched it.
Did you watch it last night?
No.
How about you, Fied Chris?
Nope.
Nope.
After Dave ripped McShayman, pale in for weeks after he got stiff, I'm a McVush grenade
showing up by not showing up.
Last night he let him tell his lies about his policies.
And now he thought the hockey mombich would act if there was another 911.
McBlaim said she would do just fine.
Sounds like Ashcroft.
Oh, we're fine.
Oh, we're fine.
And Dave let him get away with that.
Dave blows these a turncoat.
I will never watch him against his Daniel.
Well, what did you expect?
What the hell did you expect?
The fact that he invited him back on again after he lied his way off the show?
That's pretty, I'm sure he got heavily pressured in that.
Is there any doubt about that?
295 on the pull.
Our goal is 350.
Our goal is 296.
Gene says, oh boy.
Mad Dog was crying that sports writers were ripping McCain.
This is from a guy who watches Fox Noise.
I had some respect for the guy before, but now I think he's another dumb jock.
Huh.
Until this moment, I never knew that Mad Dog was just another dumb jock.
Did you?
Uh, stick to the sports baby.
Forget the politics, man.
Forget the right wing politics.
We already know how macho you guys are.
Stick to the ball games.
Stick to the jock straps.
Stick to the slap on each other on the ass with the towel.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you're saying you're not going to go for McCain and Taylor?
Are you kidding me?
Have you seen a little baby to help cute little baby?
A little baby?
A cute little baby, Neil.
Yeah, baby talks just like you do, like a little baby.
Baby talks.
In fact, maybe you can get the big O's job.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Oh, I'm sorry you took this call.
Me too.
Yeah.
Thanks for not making that call.
I don't know why people say that.
I'll talk to you.
Thank you for taking my call.
Well, what kind of a ass-licking stupid statement is that to start a call?
King's callers do that too.
You notice that?
Oh, hi Larry.
Thank you for taking my call.
We're giving the numbers out.
We're inviting you to call.
Why don't we have to, you have to thank us for taking your call.
Stupid, stupid, crap.
God.
Oh, you're so wonderful.
What's the question?
That's what he started doing that.
What's the question?
I can't give him credit for too much.
Although I'm doing a show with those suspenders in that smelly bag.
In fact, who was it that said they were on the show and he smelled really bad?
It must have been the bag overflowing.
Remember that?
That's right.
He has a fan under there, the fart fan.
All Larry's fans are under the table.
A lot of the counter.
All one of them.
And it blows real hard.
Somebody said that he was on the show.
Was it Donald Trump?
And they made some comment to him right on the show on the year about how you smell bad or something like that.
Why pay big money to see that, wouldn't you?
Uh-huh.
But he just keeps up, you know, plodding long there.
Taking up the big, big checks.
Can you imagine my kind of money?
And of course, he never came back and paid anybody back.
Never came back to town and paid anybody back.
Neil at NearRodgers.com, by the way, is our email address.
Very, very slow on a Friday, which is why we might have to take four or five hundred calls between now and two.
That would be a shame.
That would be an informal.
And the next one is the email address.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Nick.
Fourth.
Later.
The Sports Reader.
One million times for Neil Rodgers, he's in the his house.
The Sports Reader.
The Sports Reader.
The Sports Reader.
The Sports Reader.
The Sports Reader.
The Sports Reader.
The Sports Reader.
The Sports Reader.
The Sports Reader.
The Sports Reader.
The Sports Reader.
The Sports Reader.
The Sports Reader.
The Sports Reader.
The Sports Reader.
From 30 to 560 WDQM, the phenomenal stuff keeps coming in on the email.
Excellent.
This one is good though. Jonathan and Bogas says,
Hi Neil. Thank you for reading my email.
In response to, thanks for taking my call.
Thanks Jonathan. Good one.
Thank you for taking my call.
I'll hang up and listen.
Yeah, that's right.
What the hell is that?
Stupid.
What it means is that it's like a hit and run.
Maybe I don't have anything to say.
Here's one that says,
Sad, perhaps you're affected by sad,
seasonal effect of disorder.
Many people find the winner to be extremely depressing.
Well, first of all, I'm not sad.
Secondly, the sun is shining and it's, you know, not all that warm,
but it's not the winter time.
It's the 17th of October last time I checked.
Schmuck, what exactly is it that you don't like about South Florida?
Is it just because you're scared to run into some of your crazy listeners
that keeps you away?
I guess you don't have to worry about that anymore.
After this last book,
you don't seem to have any listeners left.
Maybe you should try Naples.
Baaah!
Baaah!
There you go.
Baaah!
I think you just answered your own question.
Nasty, hostile, unfriendly, psychotic bastards like you.
Baaah!
Jane and dear field is chronic, but it's sweet.
And yes, I'm still using the body wash, Jane.
I'm not going to apologize.
I like it.
In order to relieve my anxiety over this election,
I volunteered to cannabis her Obama in vocalized Saturday, says Jane.
This guy, Mark and I met with Obama organizers at Panera Bread in Boca-Ton Mall
and they sent us out with lists of people's doors to Nakka.
At first, it was scary, but we soon felt better
as the people we spoke to mostly seemed to support Obama.
Some even wanted to volunteer too.
One old cock we ran in and said he'd voted Republican all his life
but he's going to vote for Obama because his 401k has been wiped out
and he might have to come out of retirement.
If anyone else wants to volunteer, they should just go to
my.barackobama.com and sign up.
They've got all kinds of things you can do, not just canvassing,
and it helps to relieve some anxiety and meet others who share your views.
I love your website except for all those paleon pictures,
but I'm sure that will change eventually.
I don't think so, Jane.
Everything is on air.
It's still, you know?
I especially like the wallpaper.
It reminds me of old 60s mid-century modern design like for my childhood.
Well, see, there's somebody who likes the wallpaper.
It changed the wallpaper every week and do this and do that.
It's just kind of like holding it's own.
When you hear this, you're just going to die.
All right.
Sal says, yes, Gene is right about Mandage.
He went on about how Joe the Plumber is a hero to all Americans.
He also mentioned commercials on your station about Obama and stem cell research.
I guess he doesn't realize that they might find a cure for liver cancer.
Some day, maybe that's why he keeps on right wing by all.
How do you like that?
Can you believe Mr. Maddox?
I sure can.
It's part of the jockocracy, baby.
We all have to be right wing.
We all have to be macho.
Those pansy, a little delivered Democrats think goes over espresso.
When cake and my music, a little Savannah Lydia Aquari lays bear the way.
The world's biggest human community in exile is thinking about the upcoming US.
Presidential election.
I'm going to vote for John McCain.
She said, faithful to the Cuban communities, historical leads into the Republican party.
But there are many Cubans now who favor the Democrats.
A courier 66 is lived in the US for more than 20 years and she said,
and they're going with Barack Obama.
No longer is the struggle against communism in Cuba, the main issue in little Havana.
Now, increasingly, Cuban Americans worry about the US economy slowing down.
They're retirement funds evaporating and jobs being harder to come by.
For years, we struggle with the Republicans against the del Castro's regime.
But our children and grandchildren think of economic hardship right here,
said our curry.
Do you know what happens then?
People feel with their heart, but they decide with their wallets.
More than a million Cuban Americans live in Florida, the US stay closest to the Caribbean Island.
Where Castro overthrew US backed right wing regime in January 59.
I like the way it says where he overthrew a US backed regime.
It doesn't mention about the fact that they were a bunch of fascists.
But nevertheless, the hotels here, yeah, he had a real partner.
The government was his partner, Herman Roth.
Anyway, some 800,000 of those who fled Cuba are settled in the Miami area in a glass panel
at the Versailles Cafe in Lovanna, a popular gathering spot for Cuban American hardliners.
A picture of McCain and running mate Sarah Palin reveals the proprietor sympathies.
Research from the U of M suggests that nearly 70% of Cuban Americans identify
themselves as Republicans, but many are questioning US policy toward Cuba.
Not least, a tightening of the longstanding US embargo under outgoing President George W. Bush
that placed strict restrictions on family travel and the sending of remittances to the island.
That's going to give the Democrats a lot of Cuban votes for the first time in a long tides of OVA,
the Auragon, director of Cuban studies in student FIU and exiled in the US in 71.
The change that occurred in the Cuban Exile community with the arrival of new generations
after 80 and the economic circumstances that the US's experience could result in a tsunami
vis-a-vis the Cuban vote.
Herman sent his sent East Japan, 79 in the lifelong Republican tents to vote for Obama.
We've had 50 years of government saying they were going to do something for the freedom of Cuba
yet we've seen nothing at all AFP.
I was with Obama, to meeting with other Cubans, I was convinced he has a willingness to take into account
not only Cuban exiles, but those on the island here explain, we all have family there.
Fred Alffo, Frank who a Cuban-American adviser to McCain and a little American affairs the embargo on Cuba
has to be retained because it's the way to pressure the regime.
It is not possible that Obama speaks of talks with Raul Castro, who's a dictator, without preconditions he said.
McCain demands that before anything else, Castro has show commitment to democracy and release political prisoners.
A national survey by the Zagbi Organization released October 2, noted that 60% of Americans believe the White House should change its policy toward Cuba.
The Cuban-Americans who will vote for Obama will do so not as a partisan matter, but because they see in him a change, a more open attitude
than someone who can provide real solutions in Cuba, said Bob Melendez, Democratic Senator from New Jersey's of Cuban heritage.
Republicans criticize Obama for wanting to sit and drink coffee with Raul Castro, he hasn't said that.
But he is prepared if it serves the interest of the West to meet and confront someone who doesn't respect human rights.
I think you should throw wads of paper at him.
No two.
Spit balls.
There you go.
Not spit wads, spit balls.
Jesus.
Why do you think it about?
We always say that.
Look at all of these.
Here's Michael, Michael Krakenbush.
I'm going to personally pull George George Cordes responsible for jumping off a cliff.
During each commercial break, the internet list is here a certain big old commercial, least three times, and each time you go to a break.
Good thing QAM cares about all spots radio.
I hope George wiped his butt with the Czechosan Cordes for sex.
I'm dying over here.
Mike and Fort Myers.
Oh, here we go. Here's the fake Jimmy Cifalus.
I guess I better print some of these out, huh?
I don't like reading him off thega, I'm on the air.
It's awkward.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, here's the prayer line.
Oprah's breakdown.
Let us pray.
Could you please send me that doido doysong?
I want to make it into a ringtone for my phone.
Yeah, sure. No problem.
We'll send it right out to you.
And here's one.
Oh, yeah, the waxy people are all of a sudden getting on the...
Stop crying about losing the waxy.
Well, first of all, we didn't lose to waxy in midday.
We beat him like we always do.
And Joe Beats said the yid in the morning, handling.
But they had a big, big, big number in the afternoon.
That's what it boils down to.
Which goes up to the overall number.
Now it's down five points.
Whaaat?
And I just got a new death for you today.
A new what?
A new death.
Yes.
Levi Stubbs from the four tops.
Oh, no.
72.
Oh.
This... oh, I see this is not from the figs in me.
It's a bottom.
This morning, Sephiros was doing a poll where one of the options was something about massage, pedicure, manicure.
He was having collars and manimunios trying to convince him to get one of those.
But he said he was scared that he'd be called a metrosexual.
And one of the wily would be collars said he should get a foot massage because Jesus used to get them.
Hey, Jimmy.
You're fair.
He called a metrosexual.
He ought to be afraid that somebody might confuse you with a heterosexual.
Jimmy.
Oh, he's got a wife and two kids, you know, yeah.
Here's an email that says, please.
In big capital letters.
Please stop the boom box spots during your breaks.
They repeat three freaking times for a crap-sakes man.
Or I'll get a stick a screwdriver in my ear, it says.
Thanks for taking my email.
Not says, then, the man.
Oh, here you go.
Did I just give you that story about the Supreme Court?
And somebody just breathlessly sends me Rodney.
The Supreme Court ruled against the GOP and on how today, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
How do you like that?
Here's one.
Yeah.
W-Q-A-M.
What queer ass men?
That's what it stands for.
Josh is a mooch-aliechist, sponge-apparicite, and hangar on.
He does little of no work when he feels like it, not when it should be done.
The work he does eventually ends up doing his crap.
Then he's got the nerve to tell you when you should send him his check.
Time for some tough love with Cortis.
Says a bob.
When you have it with him, okay, I don't want to.
325 oats on the pole.
Wasn't that our goal? 325?
Yes.
Okay, go home.
Later, you know, it's all of us.
We're all going home.
Oh, okay.
20, uh, till one.
I was almost going to say 20 till two.
That would have been a real hoot.
The best deals on the most comfortable mattress on earth are just an easy phone call away.
1-800 mattress.
You ought to know by now.
Even in these tough times, can you afford just 13 cents a night to get a great night's sleep?
I'm sure you can.
1-800 mattress has got new CV models with memory foam and set started just 13 cents a night.
Choose firm, plush, or pillow top.
I'll have the same low price.
1-800 mattress is the soft floor.
It's largest, silly, neither with same-day delivery.
1-800 mattress has got no stores, which means lower overhead so they pass savings on to you.
Delivery whenever it's convenient for you whenever you want.
8am to 10pm.
Even on Sukus, weekends holidays the same day you call.
Call by kickoff.
Get your mattress by the post game show.
All with a famous 1-800 mattress, 30 day in home comfort trial.
Think about it in a great, silly mattress with memory foam delivery whenever you want, starting at just 13 cents a night.
So do what I've been doing for years and what everybody at QM does.
Call 1-800 mattress today.
You want to know only dial amatress or go to the all new mattress.com online.
Just call 1-800 mattress.
1-800 MATTRES.
Leave off the last S.
It stands for Stu Pendus Sensational Savings.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You don't need no projects.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
Neil Rogers got it.
It's a new are you.
Sputters and it's it.
Tonight on our new Sputters of the fifth greater.
The mother of all contestants are family has the same ups and downs as any other.
The same challenges and the same joys.
Sometimes even the greatest joys bring challenge.
The first ever Westbound Tony Express delivery started in Missouri and ended in what US state.
The great state of Alaska.
Not smarter than a fifth greater.
Which of the following is a country in Africa?
Albania, Argentina, Algeria.
Canada, Mexico and then yeah that trip that was a trip of a lifetime.
And we've got to keep an eye on Russia.
Not smarter than a fifth greater.
There are next door neighbors and you can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska.
I am so sorry.
Not smarter than a fifth greater.
Oh look at this it's possible to have sad now because the daylight hours are so much shorter.
Whatever that may be I said do I sound sad?
That's out of the usual.
I mean I'm going on vacation at two o'clock for nine days.
Two weekends and Monday through Friday sounds like nine days to me.
So what do I be sad about?
Right.
Wow.
Wow see Missouri loves companies.
Therefore we got a whole bunch of losers.
Oh well you don't you want to be sad like us?
No.
No I don't.
Anyway here's the lowdown on what the bad news that we got.
Now don't you have some four tops they're cute up?
You know what?
What's wrong with you?
Levi Stubbs is business.
Four tops lead singer Levi Stubbs died today and is home in Detroit after a
long series of illnesses including cancer in the scope.
The force in the stop performing in 2000 it was 72 funeral arrangements are pending for
three years.
Who is survived by clinics is wife of 48 years and five children.
He had one of the most prolific and identifiable voices in American history.
The Motown Alumni Association's Billy J Wilson tells Billboard.com is a deep loss to
the term Motown family and the whole world.
The same old song man.
Oh reach out touch it.
Reach out and grab it.
Stubbs death leaves Abdul Duke fuck here as the top solely living member of his usual.
Or set, Faker which formed in 1954's the four aims and signed with Motown nine years later.
Morris Peyton has to weigh 97 in Ronaldo Obi-Vence and died in 2005.
Burn it at.
Burn it at.
Faker continues to be the version of the top setting proofs Peyton's son Raquel former
concessions member Theo Peoples and most sound better than Brian McNair.
Stubbs will leave by Stubbs in Detroit.
You know that?
No.
Till this moment I never knew what it now is there.
Levi Stubbs gave voice to the durian hits such as baby N.D.
Loving I can't help myself reach out I'll be there. Burn it at.
The top's sold more than 50 million records and racked up 45 chart hits from Motown ABC
Dunhill, Arista and Casablanca label and the group was inducted in the Rock and Roll Hall
Famine 1999.
Stubbs also provided the voice of Audrey too the managing plan the film version of the musical
Little Shop of Horrors in 86 and a mother brain in the 89 animated TV series Captain
N of the Game Master.
His last appearance of the group came with a group of 50th anniversary concert July 28, 2004
Detroit's musical center and now he's dead.
What is that?
That's not a hit.
Yeah it was actually later.
Not a hit.
Still water?
Still water 1970.
One beat.
Still water.
Still water I never heard that in my life.
Oh, the down's up 70 points.
Obama's in roll over a genius 10 points ahead of Virginia man that is just incredible.
Are we going to play four tops the rest of the show sounds like a wonder to me.
What do you think Chris?
I like it.
I'm going to tell you right now anybody who doesn't like the four tops is a communist.
One of the things that's kind of funny when they haven't a couple years ago I guess about 10 years ago all the Vietnam era movies.
That was one of the best things was hearing all like you know the background music and stuff like that as they were doing stuff.
I see.
You don't think so?
Yeah, oh yeah absolutely you know like American graffiti.
Wasn't that with Ronnie Howard?
I believe they're looking up the brilliant director Ronnie Howard he just bugs me.
First of all I hated that show in the first place.
Oh god I hate that show and the fans.
Oh hey Fonsy.
Henry Winkler yeah.
And he was good in water boy.
What?
The Fons was good in the water boy.
Water boy?
Yeah.
What is that some kind of a gay flick?
No it was out of sound their movie.
So yes.
Oh Adam Sandler movie.
Oh American graffiti.
Richa Dreyfus, Ron Howard, Cindy Williams, Candy Clark.
And they had all those great movies and 60s hits.
What was the year for them?
They were free.
1972.
Yeah 1973.
Oh I was close.
God I was close.
But not a match in the board goes back.
So who else died?
I think I'd, um, the game show host.
Who the hell was it?
Where'd he go?
Tom Kennedy's brother.
Jack Nars.
Yeah.
See I got it.
You've also got Jack Reynolds, an American professional wrestling announcer.
Is dead?
Yeah.
Nathan Davis, an American actor.
Howard Davis?
No Nathan.
Oh.
Ermiss.
Howard David did it.
That's my goal.
I'm going to say that the goal is to outlive Moa Howard David.
I will feel that I've accomplished a great deal in life.
Just if I outlive Moa Howard David.
Cameraman.
What?
I live him or his rug.
Well nobody's going to outlive that rug.
That thing is like, embalmed.
And of course when you say the rug, which one are you talking about?
I couldn't believe when George's, and then I started seeing different ones.
I thought George was just fun.
And when he said they had a whole different set of wigs.
You know, son, they go to meet and want.
That's right.
The golfing, the plighting, the golfing wave, right?
And the surfing one and the waterproof action wig, you know?
The waterproof?
Yeah.
And which is the one he used to wear to work?
I'll never forget that day.
I came in and he had the shaved head.
Yeah.
Of course I was shaving it before them.
So he looked bad ass.
What?
He looked bad ass with the shaved head.
And then he also started with a go-t at that point.
And then he did.
He just looked.
What a guy.
Look at that.
Woo.
Now here's a story that I think is just crap.
I think every now and then they make up these stories just to have something to write.
Just like I read them just to have something to kill some time, you know?
Although maybe there's a whole bunch of emails on there right now.
What do you think?
You think?
Maybe.
Or maybe there's a whole bunch of calls QAM, hello?
No.
See if I would have taken it sooner there would have been somebody on it.
Oh here's somebody after listening to you for the last few days I keep hearing all of you talking about this grotesque picture of yourself.
Now that's not all I was talking about.
But nevertheless I decided I had to get home to my computer and check it out for myself.
I was expecting the worst.
I don't think it's that bad.
However, after looking through all the photos on the website for the first time, what did frighten me is George.
I'd never seen a picture of him before.
I guess I imagined him different.
And every picture of him with a girl he looks really creepy.
Well sure.
It's going to be.
There's a piece right now every hour every time I hear him talk I can't get that image of him out of my head.
Now I'm thinking I probably should have never looked.
Anyway, I love the show.
I think you're hilarious sincerely.
The Jewish princess from North Miami Beach.
Oi.
Oh, Jane and Deerfield is back.
Oh, Jane.
Sorry for God.
I wanted to mention that people should vote early and study the sample ballots closely.
There are eight amendments.
Yadi had a, okay, great.
Thanks, Jane.
And again, the US Supreme Court signing with Democrats, freedom, high officials,
keep sending these Rudy, Cuban American Liberal, keep sending that story over and over again.
Just in case people missed me reading it the first 400 times.
That that was up 112 points.
And Obama is whipping him into a frenzy in Virginia.
You want to hear about the issues that matter in your lives.
You want to hear about how we're going to bring about the change that we desperately need for this country.
No, we want to hear about Billy Ears, baby.
I want to hear about Joe the Plumber.
Let's talk about the issue.
Yeah, let's talk about Freaking Joe the Plumber and Joseph Fash.
Senator McCain felt the need informed me that he is not President Bush.
Now, in fairness, Senator McCain doesn't look like President Bush.
He doesn't have that Texas accent like President Bush.
And I don't blame Senator McCain for all of President Bush's mistakes.
After all, he's only voted with George Bush 90% of the time.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're his new Rajas.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth lead.
Let me tell you something.
The only thing bigger than the one to two hour is that Debbie Alice.
Boy, it's Cia Coul.
OU.
Here's Andrew Dice Clay for Diceroni.
All right, let's say you're eating.
You sick and f***ing tired of f***ing potatoes.
And that stovetop s***.
Do like me, honey.
Eat this.
Diceroni.
Come on, it's almost as simple as you.
Put the f***ing bag in the f***ing pot.
And you turn on the f***ing stove.
You think you can manage that, honey?
Hey, what up, b***ing the f***ing thing's done.
So remember, Yankee Doodle came to town right in on a pony.
Stop the feather off his accent.
Call it Diceroni.
OU.
Dice.
OU.
The taxi takes us straight out.
It's 1 o'clock at 560 WQM.
Do you know where your kids are?
Do you know where your dogs are?
Do you know where your goldfish are?
Why do people get goldfish?
I don't know.
They like the color.
They're pretty.
They're not.
They're ugly.
And they got bug eyes.
I agree.
God, if you're going to get fish, go get some tropical fish, man.
Not goldfish.
They'll be like going out in the pond,
getting the calffish, and putting in the bowl, you know?
Calffish.
Not a bad one.
People eat calffish.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Well, just keep in mind.
Well, don't think about it when you're eating it.
That they're bottom feeders, you know?
Yeah, but so it's shrimp and lobster.
Yeah, but I like those.
I know.
So that was up 191 points, man.
It's going to be over 200 any second.
That's because Obama's getting them all whipped up.
It's time.
It's about your children's future.
That's what this election's about.
That's what I'm fighting for.
I can take three more weeks of a test from John McCain.
America can't take four year years of the same failed policies.
That's why I'm running for president of the United States of America.
I think it's going to be a landslide.
No, two.
Oh, yeah.
Do you really?
Or just say, I do know I do ball.
I think I'll be a picture.
Yeah, I can't for a state.
What was that thing about the picture you went to a website?
What that was all that about?
Just another way of taking another teacher.
Sure.
Why not?
And, you know, and who knows what you asked me?
How come you don't want to be here itself?
Because it sucks.
Because the people suck.
Yeah.
It's a sucky place.
That's why.
And by the way, bear in mind, like how many emails per show do you reckon that you get ballpark?
Fifty.
Fifty?
Okay.
It could be ten people writing all of them.
You know, it could be five people.
Sure.
Yeah.
Of course.
And you're not counting the ones who like Jane and Deerfield and don't get me wrong.
Don't get to take offense, Jane.
But like, you know, she sent two or three already.
Right.
Right.
At least she uses her real name.
I mean, you know, there are people out there as you know.
They'll send a different email from a different name from the other.
I count every single time just because, you know, they have no life.
Right.
It's glad we can be here for them.
Well, you haven't seen this stuff.
I've deleted it since I started doing this.
You've known.
But I have an idea.
I've been getting the email from you.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Overgrown children, people desperately seeking attention.
I have no life.
Crying out.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I'm dying out of here.
I have no life.
Like that.
Let's see printing mockout.
Democrat will be removed.
County GOP leader pledges.
This is from somebody, one of our, um, emailers.
Among the images that greeted visitors to the John McCain office in
Pompano Beach on Thursday yesterday was a sign headlined Barack Hussein Obama
that compared Obama to Karl Marx, Adolf Hitler and Fidel Castro.
I mean, this is what desperate people do.
They win you back back into a corner and they like a corner to rack.
And that's all they got left is calling names and then shimmering.
It's the old smear and smear.
But this time people are too worried about where their damn next meal is coming from.
And can they fill up their tank with gas?
So the old smear and smear is just two.
Two transparent ain't working this time.
Smear and smear my ass.
Oh, maybe that's what was on that picture.
I don't know.
It seems to me that people I deserve credit for having the balls to have, uh,
Eric put that picture on there.
I think you have, yeah, like when you told the poop in the pants story, nobody would say that.
That's right.
I don't have to tell anybody about pooping in my pants.
Embarrassing, humiliating, degrading crap.
Oh, excuse me.
Oh, here's one from McCronich Ralph.
He's another one.
Enjoy your vacation.
And to that guy, I leave Georgia alone.
Georgia's the best.
Leave Georgia alone.
Leave Georgia alone.
What did he ever do to you?
His wife is a neurotic bitch and he's, uh, what did he ever do to you?
She's not a neurotic bitch.
Oh, what is she?
Bitch.
Oh, straight up.
Ha, ha, ha.
That's bad.
It makes me even feel bad that you say that all the time.
Why?
I just, I just, I don't get it.
That would be like my mother, but say my mother was a bitch.
And?
Well, I did say that, uh, well, she was.
She meant well, though, as opposed to your wife, who doesn't mean well.
I don't mean well for herself and the children, you know,
just perfectly selfish.
I'm just a tool, man.
I'm a device.
Well, join a club, man.
That's my life here.
I'm just a means to an end.
That's right.
For the Mexican mafia.
I'm busy.
I'm busy.
I'm busy.
Yeah.
Fair to 69 votes on him.
What?
I'm just chocolate.
That's a nice impersonation.
That's easy.
I'm busy.
Yeah.
Screw you.
Go back to, uh, Leon.
When I look at the picture of Neil on the website, I laughed my ass off 88.
We got 360 now.
Let's go for 400.
I mean, that should be easy.
Okay.
Let's, we can do it.
E C rhymes with BC.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Laugh my ass off 88.
Promise to start my diet immediately 77.
Get nauseous 58.
Think it looks a lot like me 31.
Don't find anything wrong with it 31.
Think it looks just like I was pictured near it would look like 28.
Well, thank you.
Poke a hot stick in my eye 25.
Thought it was George 16.
Got horny 15.
Anybody get horny looking at that definitely needs some serious ass systems.
Now what is this big big old to Sean Hannity?
Oh God.
You know, people send me these big, you know, all this big writing with attachments and all this other come and I just deleted immediately.
What are they wasting their time for?
Don't you people understand?
No.
Don't you get it?
No.
I don't have time to patch gear around with all this, uh, oh.
It really, it leaves me weak.
I can honestly tell you that most of what happens on this show doesn't affect me in the slightest.
But it just tears my kishki's out to see the effort and you want to know why again?
I have no life.
I think we were talking about before.
I have no life.
The same thing.
It occupies them.
It's like stamp collecting.
It's like crocheting and knitting.
I have no life.
Right?
Right.
Why do old ladies, I'm assuming young ladies don't, but why do old ladies crochet and this?
I have no life.
Because they got nothing else to do.
Am I right?
Am I right?
I mean, that's an age old thing, man.
And it's a craft.
You make something out of it.
It's for the same craft.
Why do men have a wood shop and, you know, make cabinets for fun?
You might have wood.
Yeah.
You would.
I'm glad they do.
I'm drinking a diet seven up today.
Zemi with your approval.
It's not coke.
You know, that's fine.
I just, I like diet Pepsi.
I have a big bottle.
I've got a two liter diet Pepsi caffeine free in the refrigerator.
I just want to open it now and I won't have to.
It'll sit there nice and cold until I get back from vacation.
Well, I sure wish I could choice.
In fact, what I should do this whole hour is kind of like squirm around on the chair and kind of apply a little bit of pressure there.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Anyway, speaking of that, this is the article I was referring to when I said that they just write crap.
Because I don't believe this.
Obes people may have a diminished ability to experience the pleasure of eating, prompting them to overindulge to boost their satisfaction according to a study released yesterday.
A study.
Everybody's doing a study.
The study published this week in the journal Science found that obese individuals may have fewer pleasure receptors in their brains requiring them to take in more of a rewarding substance such as food or drugs to experience the same level of pleasure as other people said Eric Stice,
a psychology researcher at the University of Texas at Austin lead author of the study.
That's a pile of do-do.
It's a pile of crap.
It's like a tableroni.
Do you ever eat tablerone candy?
Yes.
Now you take one of those, you know, the big gigantic ones.
You ever seen those?
Mm-hmm.
And you like to take the end piece.
Because you know, you split pieces off of there.
And you take the end wedge off of there and you take the first bite.
I don't need to eat the whole thing to know that it tastes delicious, okay?
In a throwback to human kinds evolutionary past, the human brain releases the pleasure chemical dopamine, a reward of the body for consuming life-sustaining nutrition.
But the researchers theorize that weak reward centers in the brain prompt release people to eat more.
The research reveals obese people may have fewer dopamine receptors, so they overeat to compensate for this reward deficit, said Stice, who has studied eating disorders, no obesity from the two decades.
Although past research has shown that biological factors play a major part in obesity, ma!
The study is one of the first to positively identify factors that increase people's weight gain risk in the future.
The researchers from UT working alongside scientists from the Oregon Research Institute and Brain Scientists from the Yale University School of Medicine Connecticut.
Using a technique called Functional Magnetic Residence Imaging, what is it?
F-M-R-I.
Yeah, that's what I always say.
You want to take an MRI?
Say F-F.
You ever take an MRI?
No.
That's like a jammy in that thing and you can't move it all.
And wait.
Researchers examine the extent to which pleasure receptors and individuals were activated in response to a taste of chocolate milkshake versus a tasteless solution.
The participants were next tested for the presence of a genetic variation linked to a lower number of the dopamine receptors.
Researchers then track changes in the test participants body mass index over one year period.
The results, it's the I-S-R key for understanding weight gain and to helping add risk individuals.
This is the biggest bunch of double-talk govoldygook and there are people getting paid to do this crap.
That's the thing that really frosts my ass.
They keep talking about these ear marks, you know, bookmarks, ear marks, ass marks, underwear marks.
Although people with decreased sensitivity of reward circuitry are at increased risk for unhealthy weight gain, identifying changes in behavior or pharmacological options could correct this reward deficit to prevent a treat obesity, he said.
Oh, do you believe anything that they study said?
No, nothing.
Paola Kaka man.
Kaka, that's it.
Oh, don't start playing him now.
He's got a political death wish.
He just keeps, you know, I mean, how could anybody say God bless Joe the plumber?
The guy don't even have a license.
He's a he's a he's a plant.
He's a shill.
He's also behind on Ohio taxes.
Right. He owes 1100 and some odd bucks and back taxes to the Oestate of Ohio.
You don't like to pay taxes. You don't want to get a license. He don't need it.
The whole story about wanting to start a business and it was a lie.
And the whole story about making over 250 grand as Obama said, what kind of a plumber makes 250 grand a year?
His boss, the gross is 100 grand a year in the business.
But nevertheless, oh, dear fat ass homo, you continue to make fun of me.
O say, it's a fake a hockey mom.
I don't it's too long, man.
Too long.
The KKK somebody says is branching out.
They bought some lovely nude terrific out and terrorist outfits and are preaching the message of love and bokeh at my school.
He's near park.
Another reason my Florida sucks from a Canadian trapped here.
How do you like that?
The KKK is back with the ads in Oklahoma.
The latest newsletter by an inland Republican women's group, the picked Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama, surrounded by a watermelon, ribs, and a bucket of fried chicken, prompting outrage in political circles.
How do you like that?
I'll take the watermelon.
You probably want the ribs.
The October newsletter by the Chafee community Republican women, federated, federated, says if Obama is elected, his image will appear on food stamps instead of dollar bills like other presidents.
The statement is followed by an illustration of Obama bucks, a $410 bill featuring Obama's face on a donkey's body labeled United States food stamps.
Smir and smir and lose big time.
Wow, the best talent.
You're a real reject.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Neil God.
Right now, look how close under the existing rules, look how close Barack Obama is to the finish line.
Sarah Clinton's way back here.
Barack Obama is now, needs fewer than 100 delegates to get to the finish line.
He's the best candidate for the fixed healthcare before exturally.
Barack Obama.
Get back and have a look.
He's the man who changed the economy for the working man.
Barack Obama.
Can you take it?
He's the cat that I can't choose.
I can't use what I like.
He's all about.
Barack Obama.
Barack Obama.
He's the song of save Barack.
He's a young mother.
I'm just talking about Barack Obama.
He's an educated man who wants to be your president man.
You got a vote for this man.
But space, nobody thought of 46 year old black and he Barack Obama was going to be the Democratic nominee.
He's the very most.
Look how close Barack Obama is to the finish line.
He doesn't need much and he's the Democratic nominee.
19 at 560 WQAM.
The Dow is up 100 and something.
136.
Aren't you proud?
