New portion hello
Sixty WQA in myЕ
did you know about the worth on later this
5-10-WQAM presents the NEO Roger Show.
To talk to NEO, dial 5-670560 in day and broiler.
In other counties, call toll 3-877785 NEO, or pound 5-60 under AT&T and Verizon Wireless phones.
The attendance expressed by NEO, his guests or his colleagues, do not represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors.
NEO, the NEO Roger Show on 5-60WQAM.
Where are you calling?
Yeah, thanks for helping me out with the Hurricane preparation each.
You, through my friend mode, into my friend mode, most of my friends.
Shut up!
Where's it going to have another snorseh?
Where did your power go out?
About a week before the storm got here.
Mate 2, Mate 2 wonder.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Do not!
Well, he's not in the blow now.
Like your show.
Now hold the ladder.
I'm coming down.
I'm not going to let go!
Light up!
Yeah!
Yeah!
By you, we're going to kill you!
Come on, bro!
Oh, no!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
I'm going to die!
What are you doing?
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Yeah, hold on!
Oh!
Oh!
Maybe I can take that with my...
Oh!
You like that?
Oh!
Oh!
I'm the genius!
I'm out of here!
Oh!
Why don't you see there is something positive about...
Because we don't have all these hurricanes and all this big blow going on all around.
I would never play that.
Right?
Probably ever again.
I mean, it would have been just as well, but nevertheless, Hannah has weakened a bit.
And has been downgraded to a tropical storm for now.
We'll go.
Following that?
Mm-hmm.
After quickly strengthening into a cat-one system near the southern Bahamas on Monday,
four casters continue to think Hannah's cruel remain more than 200 miles east of Miami
as occurs near Southeast Florida.
Under the latest projected path, Hannah would strike near Charleston, South Carolina, on Friday or Saturday as a category two system with 105 mile an hour winds.
As of 8 o'clock this morning, a meandering Hannah was about 385 miles southeast of NASA, or about 550 miles southeast of Miami, drifting west at two miles an hour with sustained winds of 70 miles an hour.
Three hours before was an 80 mile an hour hurricane.
Forecasters think the weakening is only temporary.
Just like the numbers on this station.
Well, maybe that's...
That's a stretch.
Mm-hmm.
Stretching it?
All the time.
For a very temporary Dennis Belkins, spokesperson for the National Hurricane Center, said it's experiencing some wind shear, and the shear is at its peak right now.
We'd anticipate the wind shear to a bait.
For now, however, it appears Hannah should keep its distance forecast to a set.
Meanwhile, tropical storm Ike.
The ninth name storm of the season formed in the Central Atlantic on Monday, initially forecast to go into a hurricane, and march west next four or five days toward the Bahamas.
But it would be... but it would... but it would be about well.
I would just call it in the bed.
Sure.
Wouldn't you?
I am, too.
We got a hurricane on the way, mister.
We got a hurricane on the beach, so the weather yesterday.
Let's take a look at that pole, the beach did.
You did his own pole, aren't you proud?
Good.
That...
That tub of garbage?
Which TV series do you most want to see made into a full length big screen movie?
Was the question?
Hmm.
278 votes.
What was the holiday yesterday?
It was the Labor Day.
It's a labor of love.
It's a labor of love, isn't that what Eric always says?
Yep.
The labor of love.
The soprano 71.
Dr. Hooth 34, the family guy.
BOT-3rd man.
Seinfeld 23, west wing 17.
W. Krapin, Cincinnati 11.
Hero's 11.
Thundercats 9, all in a family 9.
Love vote 8.
Law and order.
Any of them it says 8.
Chia's 7.
I bet you Tom Jekyll would go see that and he loves Chia's.
He just likes to say it, I think.
How was 7?
What was House?
A medical trauma.
Oh, the office 7 is House 1.
House 7.
Three's company 4 CSI, any of them 4.
Friends 3.
Quantum League 2, $6 million man 2.
Greatest American Hero 2.
Crime Story 2 and Gays & Anime has got the...
Oh!
They go, speak of the big O.
He's going to be doing double duty today and for some time to come.
And probably there are some people out in the audience wondering...
Why?
Well, let me tell you.
I won't say one of the greatest faux pas in the history of this business because that's
Joe Bell specialty.
One act of the other.
It may not be good, but at least he's consistent.
Comes up with the same old, non-answers to whatever problems are going on.
Oh, well, you know, we tried to do this.
Oh, and I tried to do that.
Yeah.
So remember what I was saying last week about the new schedule that was announced in very
Jackass's column and we were provided with a copy of it to be up on the air and to promote to the audience about
Joe Rose doing 6 to 10 AM starting today.
Today was going to be the day we're going to unveil the lineup.
We're going to play Chopin's and stuff.
Ta-da!
Guess what?
False alarm.
Here's another memo from Josh Dero.
Ray W.Q.A. and Molino.
And remember what I was saying about, gee, I wonder if they talked to Joe Rose about doing that extra hour
and if they offered him any extra money because he sure ain't going to get up at 4 o'clock in the morning.
And do 6 to 10 for the same price he was doing 7 to 10, less season total idiot, which I'm sure he's not.
Right, now we know the answer.
Well, we know he's not.
And we know that they didn't even... they didn't even discuss this with him.
They didn't even negotiate any kind of a deal with him and then they go ahead and put it out.
If this is the madness and people wonder, oh, Niels is always complaining.
Resonial is complete about management.
The stuff that's going on in this place is... it's beyond description.
Is there any other words?
Scandal.
We can say on the air.
Scandalist.
Scandalist is correct.
Here's the memo.
And the bottom it says, all questions regarding job responsibilities and shifts will be answered on an individual basis.
What does that mean?
With regards to the producer types like Carlos Piccari had no idea where or when he needed to come to work today.
Really?
Yeah.
Just to make one.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
You stepped on her in the beginning.
Sorry.
Clarence Deiros says we pushed back the launch of our new lineup until January 1st 2009.
Oh my God.
It's not fair to Joe Rose to ask him to work the schedule we all want, but ultimately is not realistic at this point.
Not fair to ask him.
In other words, they didn't ask him before they went ahead and put the schedule out.
The bobeist schedule out to the press and to us the first time.
Joe has too many commitments during football season to start 6 to 10 a.m. now.
Once football season ends we will unveil our new lineup anchored with Joe and Morning Drive from 6 to 10 a.m.
January 1st today is the 2nd of September.
Today was going to be the day of the unveiling of the new QM lineup, but anyway the big O is going to be...
Rock solid.
...to end double duty.
5 to 7 in the morning and 2 to 4 in the afternoon.
See the postponement.
When I got this memo, I asked myself this question.
Does this mean that jerks is going to come back and do 2 to 4 till the end of the year?
Something like that?
No.
Oh no.
He ain't coming back.
Once he's gone, he's gone.
That's right.
Oh and by the way before I forget, was it Sunday?
It had to be Sunday.
The Metz Marlins game at the Macarena at the formerly at Joe Robbie Stadium.
Yeah.
Chris?
Okay.
So for whatever reason on my package, they had the first half of the game, they had the Metz Telecast,
and then the second half they had the Amarlins Telecast, the Unchist Rich Waltz.
No relation to Jack Waltz.
And the Metz announces were saying this is the most pathetic crowd on a holiday weekend.
This is an important series, and this looks more like a spring training game, like an exhibition game.
So I looked it up and said 16,000 or maybe like 8 or 9,000 people there maybe, of which 6 or 7,000 were Metz fans.
How do you like that?
And they were scanning the stands, searching for bodies.
Those two reasons for that.
I beg your pardon?
There's two reasons for that.
Yeah.
For both seasons here and the Marlins are basically out of it.
Oh, and we're not really a great sports town either.
I guess that's three.
Football season is here.
What does that got to do with the freaking Marlins?
And the fact that the politicians are going to spend tax dollars to build a stadium for this franchise that nobody gives a crap about.
Well, that's their stupidity.
It is just like George said, scandalous.
So many scandals in so little time.
Just like Sarah Pellan and her pregnant daughter speaking of scandals.
Although at least her daughter's boyfriend is kind of cute.
What's his name?
I don't know.
Dip? Dill?
Dip, I think Dippity is the first part.
No, Dipp is the first part and I think Schmidt.
He's the second part.
He's kind of cutesy.
I mean, at least he's human.
He's not like Kevin Feederline.
Although I don't know what does the daughter look like. Is she cute?
She's alright. She's adequate.
No.
Because, uh, fat Christaer thinks that the Sarah Pellan is hot.
Hey, she's cute.
Maybe she was cute 20 years ago.
She's a nasty, right-wing Bible thumping a lunatic bitch is once she is.
She's crazy and a big one.
Yes, she is.
Yeah, but I'm just looking at her looks.
Yeah, well, she's great.
I don't know.
How did it become?
Are you going to be voting?
Me?
Yeah, you.
Yeah, of course I'm going to vote.
You're going to vote for them because she's on the ticket?
Of course not.
Oh.
You crazy?
Yes.
Anyway, here's the lineup today.
We got the big O2 to 4 making a rock solid.
A second appearance.
Then we got Mad Dog at Schulis State 24 to 650.
First bitch with Jesse Agro at 650 to 7.
Even though it is football season, the Marlins are still playing their playing off the string.
Dolphins tonight, America's number one tune out, 708 PM, and the DA show 8 to 11.
Who follows a one share with a point.
So how do you like that?
Yeah.
And then we got two lineups here from Clarence starting January 1st.
There'll be blank and then starting September 2nd, our lineup will be blank.
Is this going to be a permanent thing?
Orlando, twice a day?
No.
That sounds tiring.
No.
Well, it's going to be till the end of the year.
Yeah, that's what I meant.
Yeah.
Wow.
You're asking me like, I know something.
Are they going to give him a room?
You're forgetting one thing about the big O.
He is absolutely rock solid.
He can handle it.
Well, he's just got a, you know, walking to the other room.
What?
He does a show from his home.
That's right, I forgot that.
So he does a show from his home?
He can't take it long.
Yeah, for a long time.
What kind of a scam is that?
Total scam.
I mean, I can understand why I'm doing the show from my home,
because my home is 1,200 miles away here, at least part time it is.
But what is his excuse?
Uh, because you had to give it, well, he had to do so at 5 in the morning, I guess.
Well, he'd damn well better be coming in there at 2 o'clock
to do the 2 to 4 segment.
Don't you think?
Why?
I don't care.
I don't know, I just, you know, just must in his balls a little bit.
Because he is...
Rock solid.
Oh yeah.
He's a monster in the industry.
Never seen him?
10, 13, and 5, 60 WM Happy Tuesday September 2nd.
Labor day's out of the way, and I guess all the big holidays are gone until we get to the end of the year, right?
Far as I know, right?
Yeah, I mean, you know, we get the Halloween.
Columbus Day?
Aye.
Sookas?
No portion of this program will be reproduced about the express spread and permission of WKM Beats the broadcast group incorporated.
SpongeBob, SpongeBob.
Bush ignored the city of New Orleans.
Yes, some of the people down there say he failed.
Stuffed the people in the Astridone like Cato.
While half the national guard was in Iraq.
He cut funding for their levies, looters causing anarchy.
In a Rupa we made a bigger deal.
In search for Natalie Holloway, a one-white girl we drained a lake.
I'd need a nest for help from the Navy Sea.
I'm dying out of here.
George Bush was a case in the Indian Crawford.
I guess next year there'll be no Marty Grom.
Girls gone wild needs to city of New Orleans.
Or they'll have to send their film crew to Florida.
Well, it wasn't so bad, Gustav.
Is everybody feared?
It wasn't so bad.
And Republicans, of course, are so concerned about the welfare of the public.
And about trying to like scramble around so they don't repeat the disaster from Katrina three years ago.
They don't want to look bad.
They don't want to look bad.
So as a result, oh, well, we're postponing this and we're canceling that.
And now after all, I know that there's a big blow in there and wasn't the end of the world.
Bush is going to speak of the convention after all.
I don't know about Cheney.
How about that Sarah Palin, huh?
Well, we got going on a QAM Pales in to see any insignificance.
However, that goes compared to what servers they got.
Talk about desperation.
And her 17-year-old daughter, she's having a baby and she's going to have the baby.
And of course, she's a hero.
What?
She's a hero, you know.
They're already saying that.
The daughter.
Oh, yeah. She's a hero because she's going to have the baby.
She's going to have that abortion.
In fact, that's what the Palin family is all about.
They're proven that they don't believe in abortion.
The evangelical Christians, when they're just forming at the mouth.
Of course, everybody else is running like crazy.
And the idea that she was going to appeal to the Hillary voters.
Oh, my God.
That's going to be an anti-woman woman.
See, that's why I questioned the intelligence of that decision.
These people have said that it's a rovey thing.
Sarah Palin's path to the Republican ticket started with her name on the list
and a team of some 25 people pouring through public records searching for trouble spots without her knowledge.
Then came the 70 questions survey in an early three-hour interview.
Wow.
The review officially ended Thursday when John McCain asked the elastic governor to be his running mate.
How many times he's met her in his life?
Twice.
Twice, correct.
Absolutely, correct, sir.
Absolutely, correct, sir.
That's what I said.
In the day since Republicans and Democrats have privately questioned whether the Arizona Senator chose the first term governor
without fully looking into her background, McCain's campaign has vehemently defended the review.
He talked to her a whole two-time.
Well, actually, yeah, twice.
Here's our poll today.
What's your take on Sarah Palin?
529 votes.
And I didn't put this thing on her.
She'll, I don't know, six o'clock last night.
You're not impressed?
Yeah, I'm impressed.
No, you're not.
Okay.
She's totally unqualified.
328.
That's the obvious answer.
That's what I voted.
Me too.
Who the hell is she?
94.
Who the hell is Sarah Palin?
I don't know.
Up until the end of the last week, nobody in there, she was a mayor in some little town in Alaska with about 20 people.
And she's been the governor less than two years.
And she's going to be a heartbeat away from the presidency.
And the evangelicals are saying, oh, hallelujah!
Hallelujah!
She's a fetus, hugger.
We love her.
She's great.
59.
Oh, yeah.
And she's okay.
48.
She's great.
Based on.
Based on.
What?
She's one of us.
She's one of ours.
In other words, we got 11% of our audience are them.
The flat earth crowd.
Well, I'm factoring in the fake vote, the joke voters, the Jolly Jokers.
Arthur B. Colba House, Jr., the lawyer who conducted the review, told the Associated Press interview Monday that Palin underwent a full and complete examination before McCain chose her.
Ask whether everything that came up is possible.
Red flag during the review has already been made public.
Colba House said, I think so.
Yeah, I think so.
Correct.
Correct the mundo.
Stoking the notion of a rest examination, a timeline issued by the campaign indicated that McCain initially met Palin in February, then held one phone conversation with her last week before inviting her to Arizona, where he met with her second time in an offer to the job.
You got the job, honey.
Raising additional questions was the campaign's disclosure.
And let me ask you this.
Since these people are against sex education in the schools.
Right.
And against birth control.
And against anything that makes any possible to say.
Only absinits only, just say no.
Raising additional questions was the campaign's disclosure yesterday that Palin's on married 17-year-old daughter was preggling and reports that Palin's husband Todd had been arrested in 1986 when he was 22 for a DU-
I I I I I I I I I I I driving out of the influence of booze.
McCain's campaign is dispatched to team of the dozen communications operations, and lawyers to Alaska.
Steve Schmidt, who really knows his.
Business stuff.
A senior advisor said the campaign always plan to send a jump team to the eventual running mates, home state to work with an nominee staff.
Help with information requests from local and national reporters and answer questions about documents that were part of the review.
Colba House said Palin's review, like how this began with a team of 2,000 people calling information from public sources.
The team reviewed speeches, financial records, tax information, litigation investigations, ethical charges, marriages and divorces for a number of potential running mates.
For Palin specifically, the team studied online archives of the state's largest newspaper, including the Anchorage Daily News.
But didn't request paper archives for Palin's hometown newspaper for fear the secret review would become public.
Among the findings, wait till you hear this one, baby. You talk about disqualification.
Among the findings, Palin had once received a citation for fishing without a license.
Oh my God.
Sounds fishy to me.
Oh, there's Levi Johnson. That's the boyfriend. That's the daughter's boyfriend who knocked her up.
He doesn't, he doesn't want children.
Were you watching see it at?
No, I'm looking, no, I'm not watching it.
No, I'm looking at the picture of him on the bottle of the story.
Oh, okay, I was just wondering.
The story is from the bottom.
Somewhere.
It's from somewhere. I got it, okay.
Levi Johnson, Bristol Palin's baby daddy revealed. He looks pretty good to me.
I do him.
Reports on each candidate for you and I wouldn't get perglings either.
Forty-some pages in single space then were reviewed by McCain Schmidt campaign manager Rick Davis and Top Advisors Mark Salter and Charlie Black.
Palin then was sent a personal data questionnaire with 70 very intrusive questions, Colba House said.
He was also asked to submit a number of years of federal and state tax returns.
The campaign also checked out her credit and made her get naked, I'm sure.
Colba House then connected a nearly three hour interview.
He said the first thing Palin volunteered was that her daughter was pregnant and she also quickly disclosed her husband's two-deck-ed old DUI.
Rest.
One thing about that family man, they're screwing their brains out.
They are screwing up a storm, screwing and doing and chewing.
Levi Johnson, Bristol Palin's baby daddy revealed.
That course is that bogus story from David Cosworth, which now they said, oh, it's not true after all.
About how the baby with the down syndrome was not really hers, but it was her daughters.
And they said, oh, we got that from very unreliable source.
Who knows?
So many babies running around that family, people can't even keep track.
And the evangelicals just love her.
We love her, we love her, we love her to death.
And now with her saying, yep, she's a hero.
Remember, tiny?
Your dog?
Rest in peace, my dog, tiny.
Tiny was more qualified to be a heartbeat away from the presidency than this bitch.
I have a biggest name.
Los Estales.
This is your largest 40-year-five, 60-Q-A-M.
The sports leader grabbed my junior, honey.
He's John the baby.
The guy that pushed that in the back.
What a game, oh look at that, that's the big thing, am I right?
He's John the baby.
He served his country while it wasn't COW.
But he knew that the bush hole was a treasure, it's you do.
Call him right by trucky and drags and go into.
And now with his support in it, coming in and not a little piece of it.
Hey, hey, how can he put up with that crap?
What's that being all in his favor?
Do some formally ill-see that.
Let's try my own thing.
He's talking about the JD.
John the baby.
You're fair, Rick.
1031 and 560 W.
Just because of the circumstances that are going on around this, digging out some of these oldies here.
Right on.
Intentic sighting?
It is.
I mean marginally, relatively speaking.
Hey, what's up with that?
Intentic sighting, there's not a call on the board right now.
How are they yesterday, Chris?
And did you produce the beast shell?
I'd probably be a spot sport.
What do you mean by that?
I didn't really do anything else other than play the spots.
Can you ever, just one time in your life, can you ever give a straight answer?
Yes, I was just going to show the calls weren't very good.
He started out loving when the idiots would call and then by 12 o'clock,
he was hating it.
Yeah.
There were idiots calling the beast?
Oh, of course, the regular is called.
They look very who's on.
They're not calling today.
That's a good thing.
Let me see if this phone's even working.
Oh, yeah.
Just double checking.
We got the Sarah Palin Kratt.
I'd like to know where all those Marlon fans were on Sunday.
There was nobody there and of the people there, 90% were mess fans.
And the mess announcers are just ripping, ripping your community and your so-called sports fans
in a town that's got 75 sports radio stations, ripping you an ass and wristly deserved
two on my point of.
What an embarrassment.
They said this is like an exhibition game and it's this quiet you could look at church mouse.
What is a church mouse?
I assume it's a mouse that lives in church.
Yeah, and mice are quiet and the church mouse would be extra quiet.
Why don't you watch that movie of mice and men?
You ought to.
I was just thinking about that over the weekend.
What a good movie it is.
And you're so close.
Oh, and speaking of that before I get any calls.
Guess what?
Movie was on my cable.
I watched it for free and I wish I had the time back then.
But I didn't see the first, oh, I don't know, 20 minutes.
No.
What does it call?
Country for old men.
No country for old men.
Oh, oh, I warned you.
I tried to warn you.
That has got to be it.
You know what?
It made there will be blood seem like a five star of F.
That's how bad that flick was.
To me, it was worse because I was really enjoying it up until they stopped.
Well, what were you enjoying about it?
And all the gratuitous violence?
No, no.
It was an interesting story about the cat mouse game.
These two were playing with each other and then they just fell apart and they never flipped.
I am.
I must have missed the interesting part.
All right.
Well, it was the worst piece of swill.
What would have happened to the end?
Billy Bob, Billy Joe, he says.
And then I woke up and then we go to the credits.
And there were people raving about that movie?
Uh-huh.
How is uh, raving angry?
No country for old men.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
You have to read the book.
Does that mean in Mexico everybody dies young?
Is that it?
Is that it?
I don't know.
All the drugs and all the shootings and all that.
How's the rye going on?
They're websites, uh, at least a discussion board is dedicated to explaining it.
Are you about it?
Hi, sure can't wait.
Oh, even a professor said that movie sucked.
Well, that proves it, I guess, then.
Of course, he likes Justin Tinkerbell.
WDQA and Hello.
Aneel?
You, sir.
You know, this whole thing with him picking up woman as his writing may be serious because his father died of a heart attack when he was 70 years old.
His grandfather died of a heart attack.
You know, um, and don't forget about his cancer.
Yeah, and you have heart disease in your family.
That's hereditary.
This guy's going to drop off and then this right wing, Louis the text is going to be, uh, you know, she's going to be in charge.
If the people aren't scared to death, if they aren't peeing in their pants with fear over a sarapelan, then something's wrong with this country.
Oh, she's a lightweight.
And by the way, uh, night weed, no country for old men with one of the worst movies ever saw in my whole life.
Yes.
The guy killed through the whole movie.
What was the theme?
I mean, what was the theme of that?
That was my question.
What is this all about?
I mean, and then at the end, they don't even get him.
I mean, you know, if they were to kill him, I would have been, you know, but they didn't even get him.
Yeah.
But anyways, have a good day.
You too.
A horrible movie.
Although that guy, he sure was doing a lot of bandaging and scraping and leading, which worked off.
Are you out of here?
Both of me, the antihero, the anti-Christ, the Joe Bell act alike.
In other words, you think that this, there was a valid story going on here?
Okay.
If you'd seen it from the beginning, what it felt to be, at least I thought, was this.
And what happened to the money in his voice?
You'd see, that's the whole thing.
Once they stopped telling you what was going on, that's when you wanted to put your foot through the TV, because it's like, come on now.
It's supposed to be a story between this red, about this red neck, trying not to get killed or trying to get away with, you know, with the money that he found, while not that, while avoiding this killer, who's obviously a killing machine.
He's a one-man wrecking crew, and he's got to stay one step ahead of him.
But then they stopped telling the story, about two-thirds of the movie through, they go all French and weird and talking to Tommy Lee Jones, you know, with the obscure, we're just going to bury the plot or ignore it completely.
Tommy Lee Jones talking to this old man, and they start waxing nostalgic, and then it just, they stopped telling you the story at that point.
Yeah.
I mean, they do, because they both figured out who woke up.
Tommy Lee.
Okay.
Yeah.
Then I woke up, he's relating the story about the dreamy head.
Right.
Yeah.
And then I woke up, and then we go to the credits.
Right.
And you're thinking, what the F I'm in, and you want to go, then you want to go, then you want to go track down the director and kick him in the kill him.
And they go, right.
For wasting so much of your turn.
WDQ, I am, hello.
I don't know what movie George is watching, but, uh, the movie didn't cycle in French.
At the time, he really Jones, when he returned to the hotel room, the money was in there.
He got Tommy Lee Jones retired.
He got the money.
Oh, the money wasn't in the Spanish guy's trunk.
He got an accident.
He's gone.
He walks away.
He gets off, but he didn't get the money.
Tommy Lee Jones got the money.
Don't wait a minute.
Don't wait a minute.
Over the bridge.
Oh, the guy had a hundred dollar bill in his hand.
He got the money.
Not all the money.
It's got to work.
This is a trick.
It's about my foot.
More on.
They are already disgusted on these message boards.
You don't get the French gun.
You don't get the French gun.
You don't get the French gun.
Oh, yeah.
These are promises.
That's one of them.
Oh, triple recommendation of these movies.
By the way, I tried to watch that.
Eastern promises.
Yeah.
You'll fall asleep within 15 minutes of it's starting.
There you go.
They don't make any good movies anymore.
Very, very seldom.
Very rarely.
And so all of these, uh, hype movies.
Oh, you've got to watch this.
And there will be blood.
And, uh, yeah.
Watch a movie.
This country for old men, my ass.
I was so glad that it was, uh, that I happened to, you know,
funded there on a cable.
Because I sure as old, I want to spend even like 5 cents to go out and, uh, buy the DVD.
And it was crap.
Pure unadulterated crap.
Try to warn you.
Watched of my cement.
It's just a video.
And what was the deal with this, uh, with the, with the antichrist guy?
Every time it came across anybody, human,
we're like, he had to buy their shirt.
What was that?
Because it was all bloody in there.
Like the shirt was going to cover up all the blood.
I, I guess.
And how could he, how could he put on a little kid's shirt?
There was like a little punky kid, like a 12 year old kid.
How is he going to wear his shirt?
I was very baggy.
I don't know what that is.
I know.
Say, go ahead, say baggy, my ass.
I had a line for that.
I'm not saying it.
Okay.
Clarence has gotten me on a schedule again.
I'm not going to be a guy.
Good.
Clarence even did a VMA.
You just, you are so hopeless.
He and Joe Bell are perfection.
That is the greatest match in history.
To readjust that quick case name.
The best.
Clarence.
Clarence.
Clarence.
Clarence.
Clarence.
Clarence.
Clarence.
Clarence.
Clarence.
Clarence.
Clarence.
Clarence.
Clarence.
The answer's been out of 46-year-old black dude him –-
S Agency Marocko Palmer was going to be the Democratic lowers righteousness.
Clarence.
I am extraordinarily honored that some of you will support me.
What tirar Ironman?
the back of the House, both?
Clarence.
Clarence.
Clarence.
Well-fair and education, a black and brown and white children will ultimately help all of America prosper.
This is the old white poor time hero!
I am 200 years old.
He's the biggest corporate world!
John McCain understands independence upon oil.
But that old age of the heroes!
And I am at the slightest out of doubt.
He's renouncing me at war!
These are dangerous times we're in two wars.
It's the key more Obama!
Okay, sweet list, so let's make a decision.
What the hell are we to do?
What am I gonna do?
What am I gonna do?
The media is fit for the Obama!
The drama is far from over.
But it's these shorts kept me in a movie crew.
What do you think of me?
The name George W. Bush will not be on the ballot!
And that's got you excited!
Not too bad it won't be on the ballot.
Although, maybe it's a good thing it isn't.
Because if Sarah Palin can be on the ballot, maybe they'd like four more years of this.
Give them another shot!
Oh yeah!
580 votes on the poll.
What's your take on Sarah Palin?
What's your take?
Totally unqualified.
357.
That's something that's had been the only choice I put on the poll.
Yeah.
Who the hell is she?
103.
Who that?
She's great!
67.
You should live so long!
And she's okay, 53.
11.5% of this...
Oh, 68.
11.7%.
She's great!
Because she's a fetus hugger and a flat earth crazed bitch.
Uh-huh.
And a liar.
But nevertheless.
And a baby making machine.
Other than that, she's great.
I think this is fabulous.
And of course it shows you how stupid he is and in his campaign.
Yeah, his advisors.
And I use the term loosely.
There are morons.
There idiots.
Oh, but it's going to get all those Hillary women.
Those disaffected Hillary voters, they don't want to vote for Obama.
They're going to come over to our side because we got some crazy bitch on there
whose anti-Arye woman issue under the sun.
And these other people that support Hillary based on the issues
are going to like support her because she's got a vagina.
I mean, let's get serious.
Oh, well, Kristine's pretty interested in that.
Uh-huh.
WQA and hello.
Hello. How you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, I'm trying to get the zone role show this morning.
I couldn't get in.
Maybe you could help me.
I'm going to have great piano.
Then I'll rough it.
It's cold.
Well, let me ask you something.
You know what show this is?
Huh?
Let me try it again.
You have any idea what show you're listening to?
Uh-oh.
Oh, I listened to the zone role show.
What show is this?
This is the near Roger show.
Yeah, and do I talk about sports?
No, I thought maybe you could hear it.
I know Joe Rose is going on.
The console Rose tomorrow.
Okay, get out of my face.
Carl, you can choose number at home.
I'll give the cell number.
WQA and hello.
You can do it.
QA and?
Yeah.
Um, yeah.
You know what gets me is the cane's running on its whole platform
that the world has dangerous plates and the eighth ball of fascist fight.
Fall at the bottom.
And there's lores going on.
Yes, they put this woman a heartbeat away.
She's never been at it because she was out of that country until two years ago.
When she went to go visit the truth, she had to get a passport for the first time.
They're going to let the students take over the country.
I mean, I don't need it.
Right, that's right.
That's right.
She's going to be a heartbeat away from a 72 year old, uh, desperately ill man.
I'm talking to that every time they show her, she got an M16 in her hand.
I'm a footballer.
I'm a footballer.
I just need to fight it all out.
Okay, well let's get a new phone.
And then everything you said, we get a new phone because you're like crapping out real bad.
Wasn't that a bad call?
I mean, technically?
Yes.
It was bad.
56670560.
0560.
You wait till you see the next couple of weeks, see the polls start changing real big time.
Uh-huh.
In fact, I saw we had one poll I put on the website where Obama's now eight points ahead.
Nationwide.
And once they start letting Sarah Palin sink in and they start reading in here and thinking about
what kind of issue she's got.
Oh, but the NRA is going to love her.
She's a gun-toten bitch.
She is a right-wing, card-carrying Nazi is what she is, and hypocrite and phony.
But other than that.
Oh, speaking of phony, the church minister from Stockholm has been charged with assaulting his wife after an amorous triceps spiraled out of control.
The church of Sweden pastor, his wife and a male acquaintance, came together one evening in June.
It says, play on words, I guess, to share a meal and a few friendly drinks.
After the meal, the trio retired of the sauna and soon became engaged in a series of sex games.
But the evening began to heat up and the minister's legs have become increasingly jealous.
Tencent's flared and the couple's guests fled the house as the pastor started to beat his wife.
The church minister admitted to a degree of assault but denies kicking his wife in the genitals and slamming her head against the floor.
News of the alleged crime has also reached church authorities that found guilty that pastors likely to lose both his job and his clerical collar.
Oh, my God.
And would you make me however if I lost my collar?
W.A.M. Hello?
NEO.
Yes, sir.
I was in the television Roger show at 10 o'clock and one question.
Ted's or TEO.
Think about that.
TEO.
Kevin T.A.M. Hello.
Hey, why is he part of the one time we were going to scold?
He was shot five times and he still alive.
NEO, that's the show you got there.
Yeah.
What?
You've been around for so long, man.
I've suffered a lot.
Mm-hmm.
What's that line for me, Roger?
W.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
What is this?
When is this?
Come on, Stas.
Speak in English.
Speak in English.
English?
Yeah.
What is your name?
What?
Would I get your name?
What is this man saying?
That's a crank.
No.
What are you trying to say, idiot?
I'm saying to you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know what that sounded very much like to me?
I could be wrong.
Yeah, you being good.
It sounded real familiar to me.
W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Yeah, could I talk to NEO?
Speaking.
This is NEO?
Yeah.
Let me ask you this.
What did the right?
What did the right?
The pronoun anybody who has the virtue of viewpoint of you.
Meaning what?
Meaning that if somebody is to the right of center,
I thought...
No, no, she's not.
Are you talking about Sarah Palin?
She's not to the right of the center.
She's to the right of the universe.
I'm talking about every conservative viewpoint.
Is it a car carrying that?
That's her.
That's my opinion.
That's what they pay me to give my opinion.
You're right.
And you're allowed to give your opinions.
That's right.
They put in down listeners.
Meaning what?
Meaning that you take them sound like they're like the villagers.
And most of them are.
Most of the colors are villagers.
And how do you think that these so-called villagers feel about
the people like yourself or a liberal?
I'm certainly not a liberal, but I'm certainly willing to...
So, in all seriousness to me,
you're suggesting that most of our colors are politically motivated?
No, most of your colors are not politically motivated.
Most of the colors are like the villagers.
And it's like you just said.
I just feel that you're a banner radio.
Take your phone calls from people like Nate.
And if we don't have a very similar political viewpoint to you...
First of all, you haven't expressed any political viewpoint.
All you're doing is attacking me.
You're not asking who the hell am I to say this or say that?
What political viewpoint do I express?
You take the position.
No, not me.
Let me ask it again.
What political viewpoint do you want to express?
Do I want to express?
Yeah.
I'm going to be voting for John McCain.
And I feel that you think that I really...
You don't want to express any point of view.
All you want to do is talk about me.
I happen to enjoy your program very much.
I'm based on what?
You're giving me a critique that I've been doing everything wrong.
I happen to enjoy watching Bill Maher each deal very much.
People don't disagree with both of you.
That's how you take away from the entertainment value.
Yeah.
Well, then what do you think I'm so agitated about?
I'm sorry?
I said, if that's if you enjoy it so much, then what do you think I'm so agitated about?
I'm agitated over one thing.
You take it upon yourself to put down people like Nate when we call up and have a...
First of all, all you have said is you're going to vote for John McCain, okay?
I vote for John McCain.
Which is very scary to me.
But that's not an opinion.
That's not a...
That's nothing.
But can't you be scary to you?
Just as Obama is scary to me.
And why is Obama scary to you?
Because the neo-bomber is a political lightweight.
Not quite as light as talent, but he's lightweight also.
And John McCain is a heavyweight?
John McCain's been in the US Senate for about 20-some-odd years.
Yeah, and John McCain's supported an over 90% of George Bush's policies.
All the votes in the Congress, he supported George Bush 90% of the time.
Does that make him a heavyweight?
The fact that he supported George Bush or he didn't support George Bush does not...
Let me ask you this question.
You're putting me down for putting down people who express garbage like you're expressing.
Would you say that the last eight years have been successful?
No.
And George Bush, in my opinion, has been an embarrassment.
So then why do you want another four years of it?
Because John McCain is not George Bush.
Okay, thanks for your perspective.
But you feel bad for calling the White House.
I'm not even talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about it.
I'm sure he's going to call it Rush up and say the same thing again.
Call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush up and say the same thing again.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
I'm sure he's going to call up Rush and tell him, oh Rush, you're happy at all.
That or not, he's too whatever they are told to believe and worship George as their king.
Right wing non-saber public in mother f***er.
Well, the Democrats who crap their pants like a child that is scary movie.
Have Terry McCullough who should go home and shut up because he don't have a clue what he's doing.
The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run.
And you can color them done.
If they run jolly, they're blind.
Right wing non-saber public in mother f***ers.
They're all right wing non-saber public in mother f***ers.
Who get a digged if it isn't them, that's getting a juicy hummer.
Just remember what I said when it comes to your back, they made you born that train.
Right wing non-saber public in mother f***ers.
They're all right wing non-saber public in mother f***ers.
They're all the table talking.
Yeah, what I would like to know is who are you to be doing this and doing that.
I'm the guy who I was doing the show. That's who I am.
Yeah. And that's what they painted to me as for me to give my opinions.
Not to give his opinions or to give a large ass limbaugh's opinions.
To give my opinions.
His actual line was what gives you the right last time I checked them.
It gives me the right for the first amendment.
It gives me the right.
Remember that? Remember the Constitution before George, who said we said?
A mother scratching piece of paper?
They hate the first amendment so they like to pretend that it doesn't exist.
No, only when it applies to them, they may like it.
Oh, we're going to have the fairness doctrine back and then the rush ain't going to be able to pop a gunnaize on there for hours today.
Oh, yada yada yada.
That's what conservativeists come to mean.
Card carrying out.
There are no more conservatives.
Even Richard Nixon was a million miles to the left of this current brand of neo-cons who've hijacked the Republican Party.
There is no more Republican Party.
Basically what you got are a bunch of right-wing extremists, neo-cons, who run around the world and blow everybody up like McCain.
Extrude the same thing.
Including what?
Extremists and apologists.
And I love the way he's in Ola Bush has been very bad.
Boba Boba.
McCain is not George Bush.
Curious.
He'll agree on everything but other than that.
Yeah, very different.
Right.
I can't wait to hear Bush's speech.
He's actually going to go ahead and speak now that the big blow will have passed New Orleans.
Because you know how compassionate these conservatives are.
Oh, yeah.
Number 2 Q.A.N. Hello.
On your best brand.
Q.A.N. Hello.
Number 2 Q.A.N. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
It's not my program but I'm going to call that guy in Idiot too.
The last few years were not good and he's ashamed of George Bush yet.
John McCain is not George Bush.
The fact that he voted along.
I can't try to give this guy an opportunity to express something but all he want to talk about was me.
You do this and you do that and I'm going to continue doing it because that, like I said, that's what they painted a do.
Yeah.
And the guy, you know, he, you know, he became the type of McCain voted 90% along the line for George Bush.
John McCain's not George Bush.
I guess he's just 90% George Bush, which is 89% too much.
Yeah.
Like Obama said in his acceptance speech, we can't afford a 10% chance on change.
Exactly.
You have a good day, Neil.
And you too.
That was a hell of a speech by the way, though.
I haven't been on here since he made that speech last Thursday night, right?
Yes.
He hit it out of the park, baby.
You didn't think?
You didn't want to see the right.
I did watch it.
Yeah.
What gives me the right to express an opinion about Barack Obama who, of course, that guy's a political lightweight.
He's got Barack Obama's got more intellect in one ear than John McCain's gotten his entire wrinkled up-world body.
Even if you add the entire story.
How they said about Julianne, everything was a noun of verb at 9-11.
And with McCain, it's a noun of verb and POW.
Everything comes back to that.
Mm-hmm.
You ought to thank those, Tommy.
Because otherwise he wouldn't have an issue to stand on.
Q-I-M, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Do you think that guy might have been the bridge tender son?
Why is it with you?
Everything comes back to the bridge tenders.
Is that all you know?
Absolutely correct, sir.
Uh-huh, I know.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
WQ-I-M, hello.
I'm running for office.
Q-I-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Neil, let you know this plenty of green tooth crowd over at the Western Mall that want to vote for Bush and his crony McCain.
But we're not going to let it happen.
Yeah, what are you going to do?
Well, there's plenty of openings in the bathroom and the stalls.
But it's even busier.
Yes.
On Tuesday?
Yes, all right.
Maybe you can bring Larry Craig and fly him into high alia.
Yeah, we'll do that.
Climb into the Westland Mall.
We could do that.
Show him where all the glory holes are, okay?
632 votes on the pool.
That's not too bad.
On what's your name, Sarah?
Michael Palin's twig.
Before Thursday, before McCain announced her selection.
If he had gone out and like in a shopping mall around a street corner, you would have found nobody.
Not few.
You would have found nobody who had any idea who she is.
What gives you the right?
Because that's my opinion.
And I think, and in fact, if he went out and went shopping mall now.
Right.
And asked the people, well, what do you think about Sarah Palin?
They say, why?
Who?
Am I right?
Yep.
And these card-caring neo-con Nazis, they want to put her a heartbeat away from the presidency.
And then they're being claimed to fame.
Their big knock on Obama was he was too young and too inexperienced.
She's experienced making babies, I guess.
Sure.
Lots of them.
She's going to be a mother of America.
QAM.
Hello, Neil.
I think that you know the best people from Joe McCain who have been definitely such a cool.
The cool thing about that anyway, right?
QAM, hello.
Time in.
Oh, yes.
WDQAM, hello.
Yes.
Hey, how's it going?
Okay.
Um, yeah.
So I'm going to sneak into the states and vote about 15,000 guys for Obama.
Yeah.
Um, were you at, would Biden last night?
No.
No, were they closed?
No.
Oh, he just didn't go.
Talk slower.
He's right in the style.
Yeah, you're writing a diary?
Um, maybe.
Mm-hmm.
I love you.
I love you.
What, you're hot.
Whatever, man.
Get some help.
Get some help sweetheart before it's too late.
Maybe you could help him.
No, thanks.
QAM.
I'm going to be a lozier.
Yes.
The guy that called about the, uh, no questions are old men.
The head that feels that's where it was from.
I don't know if you remember every time he's going to tell somebody.
Yeah, I saw it.
And.
And what about it?
Oh, click.
So is that supposed to mean?
Is that what made it a good movie?
Because he was flippin' and going.
Oh.
Oh.
And you kind of wonder how we got in that, the one room there where he was sittin' there with that big bazooka, whatever it was that he had his land.
Shotgun there.
And how did he just, I don't understand.
We go to the scene and he's sittin' in the chair.
So that he's Spider-Man.
He can fly in.
Is that what it was?
That's the biggest thing that's heard.
Like I said, it makes, there will be blood seem like an Academy Award winner.
It is garbage.
No country for old men, my ass.
Oh, it's no country for that.
The kind of crap.
Oh, now who directed that?
Who's the Cohen brothers then?
Oh, my God, they ought to retire.
Your face is burned.
Huh?
You like them?
I like them.
Normal.
Generally speaking.
Everybody's perfect.
Everybody else.
Somebody comes along with a clinker.
Look at Joe Bell, for example.
There's the person.
Oh, he's perfect.
Asterisk, Rodin, sport, the five-minute play-am.
And the fourth leader.
The sports.
We get it.
They're playing with each other, naked in the strew.
Stunt rejoice, baby.
At a boy, Clarence.
You're the best.
Back in the day when someone done a straw.
We didn't take their crap.
Imperial Harbor, everyone that dropped their bonds.
We bombed them back.
And now the Saudis may hit us hard.
And on our cards, our little flags wave.
As that Saudi-loving retard points the bombers to wrong ways.
And oven barrows to be in Americans,
where they follow rules like cheese.
The United States of Americans,
led by Bush and his family,
breathing at the sun.
Three.
Family talks to the Bargit States in our history.
I don't want to be a Pax America.
In the USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive,
you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that,
obviously, ends up for to be.
Absolute, and oven barrows to be in America,
where we take triotically.
We've a flag in one hand,
with our head in the sand.
It lightly follows the powers that we have at empty.
I don't know, I don't know.
Washington's new, is on a 65-inch screen.
Spread your feet,
fight everything's okay.
USA.
Everything's just fine, okay?
Oh, we're fine.
Of course he's dead, but nevertheless.
Can you believe that dance door is dead?
Yeah, they're shocking.
Hey, Danny, you're fairy.
Wow.
656 votes on Chris's pull is $GoLis 750.
Right?
Sounds good to me.
So, what do you think, what's your take on that schedule thing?
You know, Barry Jack has been checking his column,
which he hasn't had too many last several days.
And there was never any correction.
I mean, it's like a joke.
Yeah?
They sent him this schedule,
and breathlessly announced that Joe Rose is going to be doing
6 to 10, and that...
Rock solid.
The big O is going to be doing two to four,
and no more jerks in the Audi Audi.
And then like, oh, well, guess what?
We screwed up.
How is this possible?
How is it possible?
What do you mean?
Right?
You know what?
It's SOP.
It's standard.
Money is still looking.
How long has it for the course?
When I got that email, I could have just spit up my suit
but I was in the middle of having a meal,
and my blackberry buses and I look and I'll...
I was like, a George Darrow WQAM,
and I opened the attachment, and I read that thing,
and I wanted to scream.
Not that I'm a screamer, nevertheless.
More a little bit...
BAMING!
Yeah, like a jordled...
I went, huh?
Figures?
Yes, I said...
And I thought to myself exactly what you just said,
par for the course.
Perfect.
Perfect.
Every single time.
How could any responsible broadcaster just make a new schedule up?
But I'm talking to the people who are...
and like you said, this morning.
The producers didn't even know when they were...
Right.
Some of them didn't know when they had a hell of a supposed to show up today.
Yeah, as in the morning of.
But you're the one that pointed out.
Hey, I wonder if they discussed this with Joe Rose, and I thought...
Because I was pretty sure they weren't.
Right, and I didn't take it as a joke.
I thought, you know, that's a very good point.
I wonder if they did.
And...
Because there's no way anybody would rule with even an ounce of self respect,
especially if I like Joe Rose.
That he's going to just do the extra hour for free.
Just so we can get up at 4 o'clock in the morning for the extra glory of doing 6 to 10.
And I guess they just said they could just shove it right through.
You know, this is the way they do with everything.
They just shove it right through.
That's the jolly joe clearance zero effing way.
You can kiss my rear end.
Exactly that.
I'm sure that's the way he told them.
Correct, though.
Right.
560560.560 on the Verizon AT&T wireless line.
Who would you cue him? Hello?
Yes, are you taking any requests?
Well, what does that mean?
Am I taking any requests for a what?
Sure, a bit.
Just not like that, bit.
Hello.
His account is still word.
Are you taking any requests?
No, I'm giving requests.
My request is that you die.
Could you find a repress?
That's my request that you die.
Reverend Schwartz.
5607.560.
And as far as that situation is concerned,
I'm just plodding right along doing the best I can.
Because we're going to get no ass assistance from Joe Bell.
He sends normal can't an email,
which, seriously, if we could put it on the front page of the Sun Central
and the Miami Herald and the Palm Beach Post,
people would be driving off the road in hysterical laughter
if they could hear the content of it.
Just the same old rehashed crap from last year.
Well, I heard a private investigator there.
Oh, and we're giving our number out for people to call.
Everybody who lists their number in the yellow pages
is inviting people to call to do business.
Or buys a radio now.
That's what we give our number out for to do business.
Not to have people calling 50 and 100 and 200 times a day
to crank the show.
And to prevent us from doing business.
But this is a man of pretence, he doesn't get it.
And he wanted to know why,
because he doesn't want to do anything for this show.
He doesn't want to do anything for you, for me, for fact, Chris,
for anybody except his own fat ass.
This is an evil, evil person.
And of course, Norma Kett.
Oh, well, I think he's serious this time.
Ho, ho, ho, ho, hey, Norma.
You're fair, right?
He is serious.
Sirius is a fart attack.
The world's worst radio executive,
Charlie Jobelle.
You know how an overman does the worst person in the world?
Yes.
Well, Charlie Jobelle should be on that list.
Everybody, QAM, hello?
I'm Sarah Shilm.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah, I'd like to speak to Neil, please.
Speaking, please.
What?
This is he.
This is Neil.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
How are you doing today?
I'm responding to that one caller there.
You know, I think Tony would to do because I love your show.
And not everyone's going to agree with everybody.
But you're really pretty much right on point with everything.
And maybe it's time you got to stop taking calls again,
because these people are just complete idiots out there.
And it's just, it's better to just listen to you and listen to the facts.
I mean, what's up to you?
You're on the great show.
You got a great show.
Thanks.
Have a great day.
Well, his intentions were very good, you know.
But I think there's something we ought to say to that caller if I can find it on here.
I'll find.
And I'll put it on.
Right.
56670560.560 on the Verizon M AT&T wireless line.
How come you never told me that singular went out of business three years ago?
All those times every day I was seeing it open over again because you're a bastard.
That's right.
That's it.
Bastard from a basket!
All right.
I'll just play more.
Seriously, the movies that they're making nowadays, I don't want to sound like an old
funny dirty even though I am.
But the movies that they're making now, I wouldn't wish on a Heinrich Himmler.
And then someone points out a good movie and you refuse to watch it.
So just go ahead and pretend that they're not making any good movies anymore.
Hey, you wouldn't watch that movie with Steven Strait.
You were talking about good movies, right?
Oh.
It was great.
Hey, I got news for it.
I think there will be blood or meat too.
No country for old men.
And then I woke up and I'm sitting there waiting for him to say something profound and
there would crew me in as to what the...
What...
That was the one thought that kept going through my mind.
What is this movie all about?
Why is this going on?
You follow what I'm saying?
Yep.
There was no plot.
If you'd have seen it from the beginning, the plot is can, Josh, get away with the money without being
killed by this killer.
Oh.
It's a cat in mouse skin.
It's not an original plot.
It's been done a million times.
But, you know, he was a likable kind of character living in the trailer park there, via
it and all of that.
So yeah, you were rooting for him and then...
Oh, he didn't do too good.
No, he didn't.
He didn't fare well.
And that evil dude, he looked like...
Yeah.
He looked a little like Gary Sartre.
With a little Dutch boy haircut.
What do you call what he call that thing?
Yeah, I kept thinking...
You're fairy.
Although I do want one of those cow killing tanks.
I got some big plans for that thing.
Well, I'm what?
That was a cattle killing machine.
That's what he was carrying around with a tank of gas.
You know, the air thing that little hair...
The air hose, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
That was a cattle killing device.
I could use one of those things.
A lot of bad meat going around with that.
I know some cattle.
Did I have that mystery outbreak here?
That's my warning to all your kids out there.
Now let's see, is that...
Because today the kids go back to school here.
What about there?
They have been for a week and a change.
No, not here.
Here they wait till after Labor Day
and that's spelled L-A-B-O-U-R
because it's that British influence, baby.
Labor and cars, C-O-L-O-U-R
and all of a sudden British crap.
W-D-Q-Y-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
My name is Bob.
I think we should get together.
Yeah.
Wow.
Just to play on...
Hey, ice cream lovers.
First, there was Ben and Jerry.
Now there.
Something new.
Hi, I'm Neil.
I'm Bob.
I'm playing on that.
No originality.
That's soft Florida for you.
I hope that maybe one of these big storms comes along.
And all the good people are spared.
But the evil doers, you know who they are.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, and speaking of that,
CNN yesterday talked about hyperventilating in New Orleans
and in Baton Rouge.
Did you see any of that?
And he was?
John Zorella.
He's got this little...
One of the color things, like a gyroscope.
One of the colors things where the wind is blowing
the thing with a little, the little handheld weather station there.
Yeah.
And he keeps holding on.
He's spinning around like he's going to blow off in the ocean.
My God.
And I'm thinking with all this blowing going on
where the hell's Miss Norcross?
What's your biggest name?
The best talent to keep it.
The most sportly girl, 5.50 QLAM.
The fourth leader, Neil Dodd.
Join the animation, char gun, today.
Have yourself them down on Christmas and fun.
Blow your friend away.
We'll back you all away.
Then we are right to one of God.
And when you think of all the benefits you're getting,
life will be sweeter.
When you catch your heater,
you carry a license to be deadly.
Come on and join today.
It's the American way to be a member of the NRA.
Aim for the lead.
Aim for the chest.
And always aim for the head.
In case they're well enough, best.
Charging your skin.
Feel more fun.
If you see that, you can pass your right to hold us.
Come on and join today.
And you'll be proud to say you're a member of the NRA.
Love a 32.
That's Sarah, baby.
She loves her guns.
And she loves all him right wing.
That whole agenda, baby.
Maybe she was either brown.
You think so?
Maybe.
A drunken driver attempted to get off the hook by offering police
a police officer, Jimmy John's sandwiches.
A coroner police report.
Now this doesn't say where this is, where this was.
Oh yeah, that's.
A coroner police report is Mark Anthony, booth 25 of an Iowa city
was charged with drunken driving in bribery early Sunday morning.
Ruth was pulled over for driving with his headlights off at the intersection of Gilbert and Kirkwood streets.
After a breathalyzer test, he was arrested for drunk driving.
Ruth was riding with a police officer in the squad car following the rest.
When he offered him free Jimmy John's sandwiches, if he was allowed to go home.
The officer declined the offer to which Ruth allegedly responded.
Come on, nobody's going to know.
Right?
Good thing he didn't offer him a subway.
The officer never would have had those sandwiches of you.
I never heard of Jimmy John.
Maybe that's something special.
Here's the fact that says I just finished reading online the 1990s.
Sarah Palin was a member of the Alaskan Independence Party, meaning she wanted to ask
it to break away from the USA, kind of like those Quebec law.
Those frogs.
A separatist.
If she were a Democrat, Republicans would call her a traitor, and she's going to take the oath to defend the Constitution of the US
from enemies foreign and domestic, unbelievable, it's a.
Un-
The only oath she's going to take is she's going to go back home and make some more babies.
And take care of her daughter's illegitimate child.
No, no, no, they're getting married.
He don't want no kids.
Yeah, well, he doesn't want no kids, okay?
He's going to be spending a lot of time out in the woods, hurting.
Hunting for a squirrel no doubt.
Right.
I hear in the trailer park, that's a real delicacy, fried squirrel.
So I've heard.
Yeah, and he can also bring home their nuts.
680 on the pole.
Chris is Jonesing for 750.
Well, yeah, after Labor Day, okay?
This is the day when people start getting their rack back together again.
We'll get it.
WDQYM, hello.
Nail.
Yes.
Is that called Jewish?
Oh, here we go.
This is the same.
You know, I was thinking about you over the weekend.
What kind of a lifeless idiot you must be.
What the hockey announcers is, that all you know how to hockey is the hockey announcers?
That's a hockey box.
Hockey's China, that's all you know how to hockey.
Hockey's China.
Hockey's good to know how to.
Hockey when you're saying China, okay, old man?
Yeah.
See how to foster hew it.
Yeah, every breath could be the last.
Here reminds me of those old parts I see at Woodbind with the oxygen tanks, you know.
Oh, yeah.
They're in the chair and they have the tank,
they're hoisted there on the side of the chair and their air rebreats could be the last.
And they have somebody slumping them and they take the chair away from the machine
and they push the wheel chair up to the machine and they reach out and they just,
they like tap like with a limp.
You know what I mean?
With a limp tap?
With a limp thing.
With a limp stick?
Yeah, a limp stick.
You want to work on the whole floor?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
There's a limp in the tank.
There's a limp in the chair.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Somebody slumping them and they hit the chair.
I don't know if the car will go here though.
And they reach out to the gas.
Like tap.
And that jerk was given a song of dance about not, well, I'm jerk, that was a good guy.
Not taking any more calls.
No chance in your pants, baby.
We're taking calls and they're, oh, there's Rob Marciano.
He was getting blown all over the place yesterday and looked like he was enjoying it.
They stand out there in the middle of the, and the wind is blowing in.
They got the red rain outfits on there.
They're seeing an official hurricane lunacy outfits.
When are they going to stop with that already?
What is that supposed to prove?
Okay, you can't see the palm trees are swaying.
Rrr.
The stop signs and the traffic lights are blown off.
The damn moorings and everything.
And we need to have these idiots standing out there so we know that it's windy and it's raining like hell and there's a hurricane.
Jesus, God, you people in the middle of the year are sick.
Sick.
Real sick.
But let me ask you a question.
What gives you the right?
Where do you get all of?
Yeah, that's right.
Who are you?
Who are you?
You're Roger.
Good morning.
Okay, I'm really excited about failing, baby.
We're going to get it done now with the last piece of the panel to be placed.
Mm-hmm.
Magic's back, terrible years, rise above the rest.
Cowboys?
Cowboys.
Turn them up real loud.
Cowboys!
Turn them up real loud before they stick you back on a rubber raft.
Six eighty four on the survey, most people say she is eminently and totally and absolutely positively,
absolutely unqualified.
And they happen to be absolutely correct.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Any height in?
Okay.
You know, cracks me up above these right wingers like that, she's a month of color earlier.
They never, ever, ever have a response to the question.
Right.
Why do you support these people?
Why don't you support these people?
They can't answer, it always comes back to you or the Democrats or this or that.
What gives you the right to be knocking all our fascists to a crap?
Yeah, social conservatives is what they're calling them now.
They're the new Nazi de jure.
Mm-hmm.
And then all this crap about the convention, all how compassionate the Republicans are, the hurricane and blah, blah, blah.
So, the convention is in Minnesota, the hurricane was headed for New Orleans and Bath on Rouge.
What the hell does one have to do with the other?
They have to put on a big dog in pony show for the public to show how prepared they are and how they sympathize for everybody.
Yeah, and likely still.
And why should we, why should set up payments background be a secret now because they don't want dirt to come out all of a sudden?
The people creates one, now their lives are secret now.
It's like, they're running for public office but all of a sudden we're supposed to.
But in the meantime Obama and the Democrats are saying, well, you know, private lives, personal lives,
and their families and especially their children.
You know, this is a typical, we'll see reaction from the Democrats.
I agree with you 100%.
But at the same time you know that if he attacks, if he jumps on her and attacks, then everyone's going to be like talking about him.
It's the same cycle of insanity in this country.
It's like a bunch of maniacs.
You're the best, me, I love you.
Okay.
Let me say it again when the big, the number one knock that they've been given on him.
Oh, he's an experience.
These are too young, he's inexperienced.
Who could be more inexperienced than Sarah Freakin' Palin, who nobody in the world ever heard of, including probably some of those 85 kids she's got.
And her daughter's out screwing her brains out and having an illegitimate baby.
She's priggling in an unmarried fashion.
And we're supposed to be proud of that that she's having the baby.
She's not having an abortion, she's having the baby.
She's going to get married and she's going to do the right thing.
The right thing.
Rednecks run America, that's the problem.
Rednecks, gun-totten war-loven, abortion-fueering, fag-hating, Bible-squeezing, rednecks.
What's the biggest name of that talent?
The New York University of London, sportly, 652 AM.
The sports leader.
I like the weaving.
I wanna be president.
I don't use fixed-adventure, McCain.
My wife's a hot blonde.
Don't beat my blinker on McCain.
Not you old, not you old, not you old.
McCain, you're fairly.
I like a steel trap.
Need no afternoon, half McCain.
I'm a political.
I don't play big and go.
McCain.
Not you old, not you old, not you old.
McCain.
I wanna get things done.
I'm only 71, McCain.
I won't be wearing depends.
When they swear me in McCain.
Not you old, not you old, not you old.
McCain.
Hold an eminently unqualified, what a team, man, what a matchup.
Let me put it 45, 15 till noon at 5.60.
Nobody to you on today is a banner day.
It's our, oh, it's not our new schedule.
Well, it's our temporary new schedule.
We got the big rock solid.
Oh, it's two o'clock this afternoon.
You don't sound excited about it.
Who? Me?
You.
You want me to pretend to be?
Yeah.
I told you.
It doesn't make any difference who they stick in there.
Why is that?
Because it's gonna suck and it's gonna fail.
If Joe likes it, it's gonna suck and it's gonna fail.
Is that what you're saying?
That's what I said.
If Johnny Joe likes it, that's Georgia's mantra, baby.
If Johnny Joe Bell likes it, it's gonna suck and it's gonna fail.
That sounds pretty negative to me.
I'm sorry, I'm positive then.
How's that?
I said it's gonna suck and it's gonna fail.
Have a DQA and hello.
Where's the report?
Two A and hello.
Hello.
Can I talk to me now?
Speaking.
Good morning, Neil.
Good morning.
How are you?
Fine.
Good.
Neil, I saw you at QAM's Commer just bad.
Is he in a hurry to go somewhere, though?
What?
He just cut me off on 441, your Commer van.
Yeah.
And what does that got to do with me?
Nothing.
Oh.
We see on this way somewhere where it's in a pick of something.
Let me say it again.
What does that have to do with me?
Yeah.
Crazy bitch.
Maybe that was Sarah Palin calling in.
Looking for some free tickets.
Maybe like the DUI ticket that her husband gave.
Or something like that.
They ain't nothing.
I mean, your president had DUI back in Texas and they covered the inventory till the S.N.
The D.O.T.R. was a chainy that I didn't get.
Oh, who knows, 2, 20, 100.
What time is this to make?
And how about that chick that he took to the abortion clinic, too, after he knocked her up?
See, she wasn't a hero, but Bristol does.
That's right.
Bristol's a hero.
She's going to have the baby.
She's not going to go to some baby killer.
She's going to have the baby because she's been screwing her brains out.
She's a good, fundamentalist evangelical Christian and she's been screwing for the Lord.
We don't believe in this birth control or family planning or sex education.
We believe in screwing your brains out.
I was a lot of shoppers at Bristol right there.
You were Bristol's town.
No, I'm a baby.
Something went on.
Who the hell knew the version said?
We're not Bristol's farmers in Novel.
Well, guess who this is, buddy.
That's the Novels?
Show enough.
Get out of here.
Stop your rigidity.
Of course it is.
Except no substitute.
Fortwear prohibited.
Hey, I'm valid in Alaska.
In Hawaii.
It is.
I don't know what airs out the version you had.
So this is from the collections.
Yeah, collect this.
Okay, nothing like that crap.
You're our hero, Bristol.
You're our hero, Bristol Palin.
Wow.
One thing about those right-wingers, man.
Nothing is going to dissuade them.
If it came out that she was an ass murder and she murdered ten of her classmates in school.
They'd say, oh, but the Lord is going to be the hero.
He's a hero.
Yeah.
She feels bad about it.
What is that?
It's Johnny Bristol.
It's the only other Bristol.
Come on.
Nobody knows from that.
Oh, it's got that guitar.
Isn't ESPN Bristol Connecticut?
Yeah, that's why the rumor is that she named her daughter after that because she wanted to work for ESPN.
Remember that story?
Yeah.
And then it did work out for her.
So she went into politics instead because she was a failure as a sportscaster, a sports announcer, talking head.
And she was the mayor of some city in Alaska with six people.
An 84-year-old Nigerian Muslim preacher with 86 wives intense to marry more women despite an order from local Islamic chiefs to immediately divorce all but four of them.
Is spokesman said yesterday?
This is an Abuja.
Nigerian newspapers report that Muhammad bellow.
I wonder if he's kind of salt bellow, you think?
Maybe.
Muhammad bellow who lives in a knee-jerk state in central Nigeria with his wives and at least 170 children was ordered by local religious elders to divorce 82 of his wives by Sunday or leave the area.
Some newspapers said I'm Monday.
He arranged a meeting with local officials to divorce all but four of the women and asked for a time to return them to their families.
But his spokesman, Muhammad Tahir, denied there had been any such deal.
He's not going to divorce any of his wives.
Rather, he's been to marry more, I hear, said.
How do you like that?
He's militant about it.
Since he married those women, none of them or his children have ever gone out to beg for food or money.
He has broken no laws and none of his wives have committed any offenses.
There will be a basis for divorce he added.
Many Muslim scholars say Islam allows men to have up to four wives any given time who must be treated equally.
That means if you screw one of them on Monday, they've got to screw all four of them on Monday.
Right.
Before mid-war or the clock, they just give them a make-good on Tuesday.
Oh.
Before noon.
Bellows receive the number of death threats and the lamb.
Well, it doesn't count if it's afternoon.
By the way, where's this story from that you read?
Nigeria.
I can't pronounce it like I used to years ago.
I know.
But again, times have changed.
You know, we can't...
And this business about what gives me the right, we don't have the right to say much of anything anymore.
You jackasted it, you can call last hour.
What gives you the right?
Well, we used to have the first amendment but now with your Nazis in power, we can't say anything.
Bellow has received the number of death threats in the last few weeks after the Nigerian need
of being reporting on his unusual, mirrored situation.
Sometimes people will call us, hide their numbers and tell us that they're coming to kill him.
And everyone in the compound, if he doesn't leave, now you're said, is that fair?
What if I said he committed?
He's just been screwing up a storm and he's got any four wives, keeps him real busy, keeps off the streets.
He keeps them out of trouble.
Right.
Lot of screwing going on, man, just like what's your name?
Bristol, stop, palen.
And nobody seems to be that whole accident in this thing.
I guess that's okay for everybody else but not for that family.
See, Christians are not perfect, we're just forgiving, you see.
Every once in a while somebody was crumbling, falling, falling, falling.
What's important to consider is that we didn't go and get the coat hanging like this.
You said that humanists would have done, you see.
And that whole business about banning evolution from retot in the school, she's a creationist bitch too.
She's got the whole right wing line out of a science.
She ain't in four science but that's her science, the whole right wing propaganda line.
All the talking and squawking points.
And the media instead of describe, well, we shouldn't it's her family and we shouldn't attack her children and the family.
Let me say this right now, okay. You people in the media are a bunch of, if Obama's daughters, what's their two young right now.
But if it would have been Obama's daughters, one of them would have gotten knocked up and had been pro.
They'd be screaming. They'd be carrying on like lunatics.
The pseudo's promescuous liberal has a pervert, so yeah.
They can't keep it in their pants.
Promescuous liberal perverts.
But in the meantime, we got people like Larry Craig, taping his toe in the tea room.
Whatever happened to him, he just, he's still there.
Yeah, business is usual. You know how it is with the others.
How long do you have to be?
How many QYM? Hello.
Oh, deal.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, what do you think of our ladies from Canada?
I mean Alaska?
She's one of the people I think she is.
What's her name?
What's her name?
What's her name?
What I mean is her name.
What's her name, Schmuck?
I'm Larry.
Yeah, I got the call.
I'm going over and over again.
What is it?
That lady, she's fine.
Yeah, that's right.
She's a hot piece of ass.
Which qualifies her to be president of the free-cur-world, don't you think?
Oh, she's more qualified than who we have now.
Yeah, I would give her that.
Of course, that baby that hasn't born yet is more qualified.
Maybe that baby can be president someday.
Schmeckle Palin.
How about QYM? Hello.
I asked him to say.
QYM, hello.
QYM.
Neil.
Yeah.
She worked with a Nazi Papu Pan and anchita creationist.
I just got to say she's a creationist.
I just said they're like 67.
How could anybody who is half-reloosed at believing creationism?
They can't.
How can someone be once-
Only flat earth stone age, card-carrying,
neo-con, Nazi bitches like her, only those people can believe that crap.
You're the best, now.
Yes, I am.
She is like the worst, if you take all the worst of trailer parks all across North America.
Oh, and speaking of the worst, there's a poor country.
Oh, my God, Jew Lieberman is going to be speaking of the Republican Convention.
Of course, take it back.
She's not the worst. Jew Lieberman is the worst.
Oh, I don't expect them going to see him at too many trailer parks.
Lane Teflon and the Sitzes.
Isn't he of this grace?
Yes.
And why, and again, never been raised.
The worst is that they are.
They just continue tolerating his aberrant behavior.
They ought to kick him off every committee.
They ought to kick him out of the-
Oh, but he's the tie-breaking vote, big deal.
After this election in November, they're going to have such a majority.
They won't need his bull crap.
They won't have to cozy up to his garbage.
I think the auto-weight until Hanukkah,
and use him as a human draital and just spin him around.
Use him as a pinata.
Not in the realm, even better.
Somebody chew I am, hello.
Hey, Kade, you'll come.
How's that?
How's that?
Kuei-am, hello.
It's the big old studios in his bedroom.
I wonder if he really is rock solid.
Rock solid.
Excellent point.
You'll find out at two o'clock.
That's news to me.
It's first I ever heard of him having a studio in his house.
I knew it.
I knew it.
I knew it but I forgot.
What kind of a guy's got a, a brawb-cash studio in his place in his house?
He's a rock solid.
He's a rock solid.
Well, here's his big chance.
They've had him hidden there in the early morning for years and years.
And now, here he is actually after the sun comes up.
Two to four starting this afternoon.
Although he won't be out tomorrow.
The D.H.O. hurt tomorrow.
And then, the big old returns in the afternoon.
Thursday and in the morning, of course, five to seven, two to four.
How about the seven and nine would be good.
Instead, I've got off for Hurricane Hollywood.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're the few largest.
Sporting of 5.60 QAM.
And the fourth leader.
Where are you?
It'd be the 12-1 hour on WQAM.
Five breaking news.
As to the health news around Senator McCain, he did have a small patch of skin.
Cut from his right face yesterday is right cheek.
And some parts for broken toilets.
He tried to solicit sex in an airport men's room in June.
McCain has had four cancerous growths removed over the years.
But he depleted guilty yesterday to DUI and drunk possession of charges.
Admitting he used cocaine and had bags of it with him when he was pulled over in Arizona in December.
And last year, he was cited for urinating in public in Columbus, Ohio.
He'll be right back with more headlinedons.
Prevo 1 at 5.60 WQAM is the world flaming the O'Ronger Show.
And George has lost touch with reality.
Hello.
You just sent me this fax.
I mean, two faxes, one of whom bought downluff on Tainoy.
I never heard of died.
Of course, I know that guy co-spot.
And the other one from...
Because the second one that I've gotten from him,
and he's going to keep faxing until you address him.
Until I want.
Until you address him, obviously.
I'm not going to address him, okay?
Until you do the dance.
Do your due diligence.
Crazy Mario in a high allele.
Okay, get lost, crazy Mario.
Go away.
Equipation our fax paper.
You're quizzling.
You're ferret.
You're simple to him.
You know the guy from the spot, the guy co-spots,
because he's the voiceover guy for all the movie trailers
that you've seen since you were a little kid.
Really?
Yes.
In a world where blah blah blah.
That guy.
Yeah, well, like I said, I know him from the guy co-spot.
And every other movie.
And he's done voiceovers for everybody.
You grew up listening to that guy's voice.
I know I did.
Wait a minute.
Now we got Tropical Storm Josephine.
Why bet you got that by fast style?
Oh, Josephine.
Come right up.
You don't have it.
Am I?
You don't.
So we got Isaac and Josephine.
The Lord is really foaming at the mouth.
He's pissed off.
And remember when that Nazi James Dobson prayed for rain,
a torrential rains on Denver, the Democratic Convention,
and come to fight out that as usual.
What am I told you for years about the Lord?
He's got bad aim.
Or he's listening to somebody else.
I do you do.
Do you remember me, baby?
That's not the original thing.
No, it's a Y before the night.
That's not true.
You know the fool, fool, fool, fool.
What?
Did he say poo, poo, poo?
Poop, poo, poo.
Something like that.
Poop, poo.
I'll go get the original.
What do you mean you go get the original thing?
I'll go get it.
It's important.
It is to me.
We got Tropical Storm Josephine.
We got Hannah.
We got Isaac Ishmael.
It's Hock.
And we got Josephine.
Oh, they're just aiming for us.
Voice over, Master Don La Fontaine is died.
He was 68.
You think he was related to the great Hockey player, Pat?
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
La Fontaine.
Maybe.
As Rick's Internet would say.
Maybe brother.
How come that idiot with a hockey announcer
never talks about Rick, a Pat, a Ricka Generat?
I'm sure that'll be an X-Com.
This Bobcoal Jewish.
Oh my God.
Is the Pope Catholic?
You idiot.
What an old toad.
What a turd.
One thing about these callers, almost all of them, almost every single one, they've got one
stick, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
And then that's it.
La Fontaine, known as King of the Voiceovers, died yesterday afternoon at Cedar Sinai Medical
Center in LA.
La Fontaine's agent, Vanessa Gilbert, tells ET that he passed away following complications
from pneumo-trax.
Yeah.
But I said it right.
Yeah.
No more thorough answer.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
It was able to answer our niezabground confusion in
I've heard misunderstanding of the
疖 Fragen nieona
neŽ uhаться
Pata
Pata
You'd come a estad u
In case you hadn't heard it, the 17-year-old daughter of the Republican Vice-Presidential
candidate, Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska, is preggling.
Palin said yesterday an announcement attended knockdown rumors by liberal bloggers that
Palin faked her own pregnancy to cover up for her child.
Bristol Palin, one of Palin's five children with her husband Todd, well how about the other
five with somebody else?
Is if a five-month pregnant is going to keep the child and marry the father the Palin
said the same or released by the campaign, a Senator John Insane McCain.
And as you know shocked on weddings like that were always a good idea.
Oh yeah!
Bristol Palin made the decision to keep the baby on her own McCain aid said,
We've been blessed with five wonderful children who we love with all our heart and mean
everything to us the Palin statement said.
Our beautiful daughter Bristol came to us with news that his parents we knew would make
her grow up faster than we had ever planned as Bristol faces the responsibilities of adulthood.
She knows she has her unconditional love and support to Palin said,
They asked the media to respect the young couple's privacy.
Yeah you should live so long honey.
Bristol and the young man she'll marry are going to realize very quickly the difficulties
of raising a child which is why they'll have the love and support of our entire family.
We asked the media respect our daughter and Levi's privacy has always been tradition of
children of candidates the statement concluded.
Even though of course her daughter a good born-again evangelical Christian has been doing the
old in-out and Levi has deposited his seed within her womb and she is in the family
way.
A sin if ever I heard of a sin man that sounds like it to me.
They've been doing the old hanky spanky baby.
Senior McCain campaigned a Bristol said McCain knew of the pregnancy when he selected Palin
last week as his running mate and that he decided it did not disqualify the 44 year old
governor in any way.
Maybe he's got those naked pictures of McCain in the Billy goat or McCain in Billy Carter.
In the short period since the pick was announced last Friday, Palin has helped to energize
the Republican party's conservative base giving the McCain camp fresh energy going into
the camp.
Oh!
Woo!
McCain campaigned a facial said the news of the daughter's pregnancy was being released
to be but what one aid called mud slinging and lies circulating on liberal blog sites like
Daily Coss which we got that on our thing today.
We got that allegation and who knows maybe somebody made that up.
Maybe it's true and you know when you come right down to it what differences it may.
Because regardless of any of these family way situation she's evidently unqualified regardless
or some people say irregardless.
Remember that pulled you in a couple weeks ago?
Yeah yeah.
But words that people make up irregardless.
Mm-hmm.
Grugging nuts.
Irregardless my ass.
It is.
754 on Chris's pole and his goal is 800.
I just lowered it down a little bit.
Okay.
Well it's the first day after a holiday weekend people are you know getting back to a
business.
I think.
I'm going to accept it in there.
Accept it in here where we're going to wait till January 1st till we get down to
a business.
Then we're going to be really dangerous January 1.
WQA and Hello.
Or January 2 anyway.
QA and Hello.
QA and.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Are you sure?
Yeah positive.
What are you got?
Hey I wanted to tell you about this morning the turn of radio on 6 a.m.
Expecting Joe Rose.
Got big O.
Yeah.
And I thought myself it wouldn't pay Joe.
You know you didn't hear the story how you didn't hear the memo.
I didn't hear the mail about they somehow some amazing response of her screwed up too.
Everything that the ghost that he did for the last two and a half the four years with
the current sponsors out switched over to Joe and Joe did all those things.
So let me ask you this question.
Who you hanging out with over there across the street now that the boss man is gone.
I don't know what you're talking about man.
Yeah sure you do.
Probably one of the ticket sales people.
5 6 7 0 5 60 like the average listener was about sponsors and about Joe sponsors.
Joe still doing all of his spots don't worry about that.
You'll feel like you brought from the factory.
He still doing that.
And he still got that chipy on his shoulder.
I bet he developed a real fast chipy on his shoulder when he found out that they announced
that he was going to do 6 to 10 without consulting with him first or offering him an extra
dime to do the extra hour.
I'm a kid a big fat chipy on her shoulder.
Do you think I imagine he did.
I played that drop.
What's that you can kiss my rear end.
I'm sure exactly what he said.
I'm sure that only probably said this is the way they think they can do things.
They keep sliding their way on through and keep playing games with people's lives.
Yeah.
WQ a.m.
Hello.
I'll bring you rings out.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Oh, Foney accent.
Oh, it's the Reverend Schmock.
Sound like he was about to fall in the sink.
And then you hear the one.
Oh, and they were having this big argument yesterday about the levees and norlins and was
the water spilling over.
Was it trickling over?
Was it pushing over?
Did you see that?
Oh my God.
They're having this big, semantical argument about whether the water was spilling or dripping
or peeing or you people in the media need help.
You need to be lined up and shot most of you, including that bitch.
This is Dan Abage with a senior wince's mouth.
She looks like one of those Indian shrunken heads, you know?
Yes.
You know those little food who shrunk in here.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
That's what she looks like.
What did you say?
Absolutely.
That's what I said.
WQ a.m.
Hello.
Q a.m.
Hello.
Q a.m.
Good afternoon, new ladders.
Yes, sir.
Hey, that's paid in, man.
He's a boy.
I'd like to be inside of you know what I mean?
Really sad.
Very, very sad.
All these sexually frustrated people couldn't get laid in the warehouse and am students.
And the kids are back in school now so that you know we can't even blame it on that now.
No, these are the grownups, right?
These are supposed, though.
These are people who never grew up.
But I dumped it.
I heard it.
You want to make any kind of sexual inn you went to about Sarah Palin.
You're going to do so over our dead bodies, okay?
George first.
7.62 on your survey.
Sarah Palin.
And you know before Thursday, I never heard of her in my life.
Right?
Now, wouldn't you say that probably more than your average Joe, I kind of, you know,
I read all these articles and I put them on our website.
I'm fairly politically astuped.
I want you to read a convention.
As well read and informed as anyone I know on the e-mail.
I'm telling you, is anyone I know?
And I know I've heard of her in my life.
I never heard her name.
I had no idea where, what her story was, what her deal is.
And now that I know of course it's like, uh, like that.
WQAM, hello.
I need a room.
QAM, hello.
What is it with Lion Tree having wheeled the fugal these QAM?
Neil, how the hell are you?
Okay.
I gotta tell you, I'm loving this Sarah Palin pick.
I mean, it's just making them look so idiotic day after day.
It's been a week.
And more news is keeps coming out about what a ridiculous wacko she has in her home.
Yeah.
Problem. I just love it.
I think we're going to get Obama on the landslide.
Let's hope. Cross your legs.
Yeah.
Hi.
And your eyes, okay.
Yeah, this, this I think is the, uh, and then they actually had a chance, which is the scary part.
They had a chance because there's a lot of bigots out there.
They won't vote for the dark guy.
But there's a lot of people going to be really a scared of voting with this bitch on the ticket,
knowing the kind of health that McCain is in being 185 years old.
And having that big, puffy cancer was cheek.
And having that young, well, she's not that young anymore.
That young blonde, wealthy wife, whether 85 houses.
She just had a lot of work.
No, probably I don't doubt that this skin's pulled tighter than a drum.
Yeah, like, cause he looks like Joan Rivers on a bad day.
Her skin, anyway.
Although I'm sure that Christy, she's hot, sitting McCain.
That whatever.
Maybe he just likes the money.
No.
Chris is a giggle, oh.
Well, you can understand what a kind of big bucks he's making a QA.
So what?
Some big bucks.
No whammy's.
Big bucks.
I saw that.
I saw that on the Game Show channel last night.
I was channel surfing and I have a lots of Game Show channel in ages.
In a Goons age.
And there it was.
There was a, it was the end.
Press your luck.
Now, there were two shows that had the same with the whammy.
What was the other one?
I don't know.
Well, why not?
You and your Christy connect.
Now, here are the Game Show experts.
Here's what I do know.
It's way more than any of this game show,
How's your eye that you're doing over here?
Yeah.
I'm killing time so this thing will start.
This next tune is every bit as popular as the cigarette that satisfies.
The Andrews sisters roll out the barrel.
Ah!
This is the Glen Miller orchestra.
But I had the group ride.
Yes, you did.
And with Glen Miller backing them up.
I bet you maybe an RCA reference.
It doesn't have any power, fortunately.
Oh, this is going to slow start too.
But once they get going, they're really suckin'.
And a lot of street from then scene.
When they play the polka, they all get in love with you.
Every time they hear that and before.
And every time they get bored, they're like,
When they get to go wild, they're like,
Oh, we're going to get to that.
Or else, they'll be this.
They all go,
They'll be two different songs.
By the way, I just noticed for the first time
that Soleil Dut has got boobs like raisinets.
Oh, we're going to get to the part where they go roll out the barrel.
This next tune?
Oh, damn it, Richard.
I think it's two different things in two different songs.
But I'll listen through to it during the break.
Isn't that called the beer-berelled polka?
That's what I was just playing against.
It's called the beer-berelled polka.
Well, that's, they would eventually get to that
if you let it go long enough and then the audience would have been long gone.
And what's there, uh...
This next tune is...
No, don't play that again.
Look, look, look, look, look, look, look.
Give it a shot.
I think the song I'm the cheer cause the whole...
I think it's a different song.
It's not a different song.
Oh, and that's the song.
Okay.
Okay, we get it.
You...
Listen to the cue.
Huh?
I'm gonna...
During the break.
During the break.
Break, hate you.
There's something in the air.
The whopping aroma of dirty jog straps and rotting fish
smells like a news season for the dolphins is about to monochrome begin.
This isn't just a new season.
It's a new beginning.
The dawning of a new era.
The yin of the sport whole yang.
The cleats for the horns on your feet.
The downbeat tally of Tim Panali.
Did I mention it's a new beginning?
A fresh start.
An emergence of what could be the genesis of a new Miami dolphins team.
This season they may even win two games.
Order your 50-yard line season tickets now for one dollar
with the purchase of a season parking pass for $5,000.
The new dolphins.
Yes.
Oh, won't you help?
Please.
1232 at 516 W.
You have a wretched George's all whipped up about to start the NFL regular season, aren't you?
The barrel.
We'll have a barrel of fun.
See what an exciting mission done sometimes.
The barrel.
We've got the blues on the run.
We've got the runs.
Okay, that's a move.
Yeah, I'm very excited about that new dolphin season.
You better believe it.
All right.
It's the what's your call an era?
Who's what's the name of the coach?
It's Porato.
Tony Soprano.
And Ricky Williams says he's going to retire at Dolphin.
And if things don't go his way, maybe in about two weeks.
784 votes on the Sarah Palin pole.
And two almost two-thirds say she is totally absolutely, uh, eminently unqualified.
And the 18% sue say who the hell is that?
Once they find out who she is and what she's all about, they'll also echo the sentiments of the other eight million.
Absolutely, positively unqualified.
Even for dog catcher.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
Go, dinner.
Orange.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Hi, O'Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to say that Sarah Palin couldn't be.
She's the absolute best choice.
They could have made Spars work, sir.
But if I hear, uh, mixing, say, one more time, my friend, I'm going to throw up.
Yeah.
Be my friend.
No, he's not mine.
I mean, he's a 70-
And he sure is held not hers either because he's only met her twice in his lifetime.
No, I think that was just the most hysterical pick that he absolutely could have made.
It's a beautiful thing.
And it's smack to me of like an active desperation.
And it's stupidity.
Obviously nobody checked her out in the least bit.
Well, he checked her out.
That's what it says here.
Maybe they had a pretty intense meeting there in Arizona.
Well, on the stage, he was just sitting there twirling his ring and looking at her, uh, booty.
Yeah.
Now, have you ever seen the Van Halen video, Hot for Teacher?
Yeah.
She reminds me of that.
Like she's going to just take off those glasses and let her hair down and start.
That's just in the bedroom.
That's just in the bedroom, you know, the kids.
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't see you just a beautiful thing.
Okay.
Well, thank you to all you who are right with Republicans.
Thank you so much.
What is that?
Hot for Teacher.
Oh.
Sits you mentioned it.
I'm not going to play the whole thing.
You know, start with drums.
Because we don't hear drums at the beginning of the show.
On the show, they've been hailed by the way.
They, uh, they informed the McCain campaign that they were using one of their songs.
Right.
And then without permission, without the paying for that anthem right now.
And evidently, Bush did the same thing.
Maybe it was like Van Halen, maybe.
Somebody QA Am, hello.
Yeah, hey, I'm Connor about the dolphin tickets.
What dolphin tickets?
The contest for the dolphin tickets.
And what, what contest is that?
Are you standing on your head?
Wasn't it the fifth caller?
Well, anyway, they're going to be special, man.
They've got a shot to be special.
You know what?
You're just making crap up as you go along.
The thing about the tickets makes his marks sense about they got a shot.
You're standing on Jimmy Johnson.
Talking crap.
That's one thing Jimmy Johnson specializes.
And that's why he went up on TV because he talks a lot of crap.
He got the brains, them canned.
And then he comes in there and fell flat on his ass.
Did he fall on his ass, Chris?
Oh, kind of.
He fell on his fat ass, what do you have?
But I mean, he didn't do squat.
He rebuilt the defense.
He didn't know what he thought about it.
He did squat.
Jimmy's Johnson.
Hey, he got a shot.
We got a shot.
He just had the water be shot, Jimmy.
You're feeling great.
He wants that and the wants that air.
And then of course, the same air.
Same air.
Well, same air.
And what you forgot about the air.
Same air.
The next same air.
How long that last?
How many men's does that lie?
About two men.
Yeah.
And it really amuses me because in the beginning when they bring these stiffs in air,
everybody, all these so-called fans, oh, this guy's going to be the greatest.
They want to tremendous choice.
And then after they fall on their ass and have another disastrous season,
they want to run him out of town on a rail like Sabin.
They couldn't get him out of here fast enough.
Am I right?
Yes.
Well, he couldn't get out of here fast with himself.
So work both ways.
Yep.
It was a marriage made in purgatory.
Kind of like Joe Bell and Clarence.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Yeah, hey, Neil.
I think it's a great example of McCain's decision-making ability starting on a good foot there.
But it's funny.
He wanted to do a meeting somewhere and said, hey, find me a dame.
Find me some broad who I can put on the ticket.
Let's get those Hillary chicks over.
It's like, they think they're just going to jump on board because she's a female.
It's a joke when you see them.
There isn't a woman in America that they could have picked that would be less likely
to get any of Hillary's people in this bitch.
Oh, yeah.
And they keep it.
If you watch them on TV, it's like that's their defense.
Oh, because she's a woman.
You're criticizing her because she's a woman.
It's like, come on, Hillary voters vote for her.
Come on.
It's a joke.
And then you hear them saying that she's more qualified than Obama.
Like, okay, this lady has a bachelor's degree in some political science.
And you're going to compare to a guy who went to Harvard who has a law degree.
You know, the guy who's got actual...
I can't wait to see her.
I can't wait to see her debate Joe Biden.
That should be a lot of fun.
Yeah, it's going to be a real joke.
It's amazing.
So anyway, it's just depressing when you see them and these people trying to defend her.
It's impossible to wait for them.
I think it's not lifting because as stupid as American people are, they're not that stupid.
You'll see.
I hope so.
All right.
Have a great life, Pellie.
You too, bye bye.
I'll pray for you.
792 on your foot, you're approaching that vaunted 800 mark, Chris.
Fat Chris is going to have a real feather in his cap today.
All right.
Like, you might get a little extra put in at the pay envelope.
You never know.
Yeah, right.
What?
No.
If we make 900 votes on this show today, which we aren't going to do, by the way,
if we make 850 today, like I said, you may have a little jingle in your pocket.
Yeah.
You think?
No.
Not unless George is going to give me two quarters or something before he leaves.
George don't have two nickels to rub together.
Get about three.
There you go.
There you go.
A rub into his quarters to get life.
60 QAM.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
Wonderful W-Q-A-L.
Wolf V.
I joined the Nights at Party.
They used to call it the GOP.
And I strongly agree with right wing policy so that won't be coming for me.
So I went to the Nights at Party.
Convention held in the Empire State.
Burn out 11, think decided to give their hands a shake.
And dance on the great Omniden.
Mine comes now.
The bush doctrine as well.
You see you believe anyone that you can't think for yourself.
What?
The entertainment at the Nights at Party was appropriately Christian and white.
There was Named Duke and Clear Channel to prove Lee Greenwood and Toby Green's East Keys.
I'm watching, oh right now.
And then culture as well.
If you don't believe, was she the only one that you should die?
1245 at 560 W-Q-A-L.
Here's a update on the Hurricanes, all idiom.
You ready?
I'm ready.
You want your map sound?
Hurricanes music, you want a news sounder?
No, I don't want anything in Mel dramatic.
I don't want to even be seen all those idiots blowing them on in the wind and the rain in the storms and hanging off of your life.
We're halfway through the 2008 Hurricanes season says the hero, but the right products are making it seem far from over.
It's ripe in the tropics, can you smell it?
Farting up the storm.
Hurricane Hannah and Tropical Storm I formed one day, the new system, Tropical Storm Josephine popped up this morning.
Popped up, just like that.
Hannah crawler over the Turks and K-Cost Islands in Southeast Bahaamas.
Hannah was done with a tropical storm this morning with 70 mile an hour winds.
Forecast is expected to pick up strength to become a hurricane again later today or to Manyana.
South Florida just barely falls outside the latest five day forecast cone, except for a small packs of North Broward.
As Hannah moves Northwest as weekend gains strength, the storm will jog up Florida's east coast, likely bringing in some foul weather to South Florida.
Landfalls projected near the Carolinas on Friday is one category to Hurricane.
The area of uncertainty is very large at this point and could affect anywhere from South Florida to the Outer Banks in North Carolina.
Everybody should keep an eye on it.
You got your eye on it?
Oh yeah, both of you.
If Forecasters estimates are correct, the Bahamas and Turks and K-Cost will be dealing with another hurricane soon.
After Hannah's out of their hair, Tropical Storm Ike is about halfway between here in Africa with 50 mile an hour winds.
On a path that's due west, Forecasters say it could strengthen the hurricane by Wednesday and reach the Turks and K-Cost by Sunday is a category to storm.
It's still unclear whether where I could go after this weekend but likely be closer to South Florida is worth keeping your eye on it.
And then if you got a third eye, keep it zoomed in on Josephine.
This quickly organizing storm could grow into a hurricane by Wednesday.
But as of today, it's maximum winds of 40 miles an hour.
Josephine is still far away just moving toward the Cape Verde Islands off Africa's west coast.
Forecasters think strengthening is inevitable as Josephine tracks west over warm water and no competing windshier.
This weekend it's forecast to be somewhere in the middle of the Atlantic between Florida and Africa.
Got it?
A whole bunch of foul weather coming, baby.
Now, one of the things that Sarah Payton wants to know is what does a vice president do?
That's what she wants to know?
Yeah.
She'll hear it.
Can I read this?
All right.
It's long.
I may have to go over the next one.
I don't want to do a lot of bedtime stories but we do have an election coming up pretty soon.
You know, it's already the 2nd of September.
Almost exactly what is it?
Two months and two days?
November 4?
Mm-hmm.
And I realize that the stuff about the election isn't as important as,
I'm a friend.
I'm a friend.
But it's the best I can do.
Bill Harris' John McCain's recent choice of Alaska Governor Sarah Paylon rather than being an odd selection is a snug fit with the Republican Party's reversion to the dark ages through what's been termed the neo-conservative movement.
Paylon falls into resident comfort with paleontology and study of fossils.
McCain's saluted of the Alaska as a force for reform decisively reinforces.
Let me try it again.
See, I'm trying to hurry this because it's very long and I'll just take my sweet damn time.
McCain's saluted the Alaska as a force for reform decisively reinforces that he is far from the agent to change he portrays himself to be and fits snugly with such neo-con stalwarts as Bush and training along with Grovernauerquist,
Bill Crystal, Antonin Scalia, Clarence Thomas, and Paul Wolfowitz.
Paylon's identification with paleontology and the paleolithic begins with a view that was once held to be within the exclusive province of the far right and that traditional conservatives embracing anti-abortion agendas avoided.
Before he launched his political career was an ardent right wing talk show host in Southern California.
Future Congressman Robert Dornin let it be known that while he opposed abortion, he made exceptions in areas where rape and incest were factors.
Paylon's across the board opposition to abortion for any reason would once again have stirred up headlines.
Now this is considered such a mainstream position for neo-con Republicans that paleont's position is barely caused a ripple outside the ranks of women's feminist organizations.
To show how far right Republicans have lurched, paleont's belief in teaching creationism in public schools has become so acceptable that it's barely caused a stir.
In the 60s, the San Diego Republicans stay legislated named Charlie Chaplin-Barrons was kept at a distance by fellow California Republicans who recognized the extremism of his position.
What was once deemed extreme and dangerous on the Republican right has now become mainstream.
Columnist Cal Thomas of protégé of the late jury fall well once stated on crossfire that was fine with him to teach in public schools that the earth is flat if that was what local school boards preferred.
At a time when some 57 Nobel Prize science laureates warned of the mounting dangers to plan the earth survival through global warming and former Sacramento male nurse show turned talk show host Rush Limbaugh dismissed such warnings as a hoax his position was regarded as absurd, revealing him to be an extremist who appeals to gullible zealots.
Paleont's sides with Limbaugh rather than the Nobel Prize scientist he considers global warming to be a hoax.
The violent force of nature that is forcing changes in Republican convention scheduling and from which McCain hopes to politically benefit is its reveal that he made delivers acceptance speech from the danger zone of that moment as assuredly changed nothing in the minds of Pellan and Fervent Neocon believers.
Compare for Pellan a modest study onslaught on a favorite topic, solving the energy crisis to Alaska and drilling.
She ascended as a panacea to end all dependence on foreign oil stating her view with simplicity that ear marks the ill informed and interviews with Charlie Rosenblend Beck.
Experts who have studied the anmore issue concluded that such an effort would be a stopgad effort at best with even limited results not to be realized for a decade.
Expect McCain and Pellan to use the Alaska drill and campaign argument as long as Republican strategists think it has traction.
Know how quickly the Republicans respawned this time during an election year to threats of harm to New Orleans and its residents when the first time around the ages were finishing George Bush's golf game at a country club presenting John McCain with a birthday cake and seeing the FEMA director Michael Brown chose the right tie before appearing on national TV.
This is the same Sarah Pellan whose fifth child is afflicted by Down syndrome and will be presumably left in the care of her commercial fisherman husband while she campaigns.
Pellan is also acknowledged that her 17-year-old daughter is pregnant out of wedlock such as the dilemmas in Republican family values land considered what Republicans would now be saying if any Democratic candidate were in the same circumstances.
In her appearance on the Glenn Bexio Pellan also noted that as with global warming only a few environmental extremists considered the polar bear is threatened with extinction.
Since global warming has said it is the cause of rapidly melting ice caps in Pellan's own Alaska she is consistent stating that there is nothing to worry about on either subject.
A few days ago the National Wildlife Federation delivered a televised appeal for funds and support to save polar bears from extinction even the current Republican regime's Department of Interior has listed the polar bears of threatened species according to Pellan this claim is as absurd as that of the existence of global warming.
Pellan also participated in the recent national TV interview with Lawrence Cudlow on CNBC she has Cudlow innocently just what a vice president of the U.S. is expected to do.
Cudlow told her that the office has dramatically changed and that its occupants more broadly participate in the executive branch than earlier in history.
This question arises whether Pellan should she assume the vice presidency will take Cudlow or perhaps another instructor or instructor as a long to provide her with a quick transition so she can answer any 11th hour emergencies and be called out of something should happen to McCain.
Where the aforementioned factors considered by McCain and the staff before Pellan's selection was Pellan thoroughly vetted by the Republican high command before her selection was the ongoing investigation into where dismissal the former Public Safety Commissioner Walter Monaghan also evaluated.
Should we still feel safer as constantly alleged with Republicans at the home in the post 9-11 world was this factor considered including Pellan's experience and from the under-intererization with global affairs in the Alaskan selection.
After all one commentator would always informative fear and balance Fox News proclaimed that Pellan had an age over democratic vice presidential nominee Joe Biden since she lived close to Russia.
Also Pellan supported Ted Stevens controversial boom dog over bridge to nowhere and now services as a reformer claims to have opposed it from the start.
Then there was the call for women to unite with an emphasis to her Hillary Clinton supporters to sign on since after all she is a woman.
How does Pellan's record stand out and issues vital to inform female voters beginning with protecting a woman's right to choose wasn't it downright insulting women to have Pellan appear next to John McCain and explain that they should vote for her since after all she is a woman just like Hillary.
Says Bill here.
I got that all done in this hour.
There it is.
Nice reading.
Thank you very much.
Oh God!
I mean it wasn't as important and as Earthshaking is.
How many of them?
As that.
But then what is?
What is and Joe Bell he likes that you know?
Charlie Joe Bell he has he's got as much of a clue about anything and dealing with talk radio or radio in general but specifically talk radio.
See one thing he doesn't understand is that sports talk radio is still another form of talk radio.
No no no no.
What?
That's that true.
It's everything.
It's not talk radio.
It's not subject to the rules of talk radio.
All you have to do is talk about the game and everyone will want to listen.
Don't you know?
They sure don't want to hear about the game at night with a point.
Oh those people are all just wrong.
We just have to keep trying and trying.
We're just not being sportsy enough.
Those people are probably all watching ESPN.
And they don't know yet that starting January 1 we're going to be ESPN on from 11 to 9 till 6 in the AM.
Seven hours.
That's almost a third of the entire day.
He's going to be ESPN.
Of course I mean most people are just shluffin during most of those hours but nevertheless.
When it doubt sell out there's McCain and Sarah.
The country is in every new newscast across the country on television talking about something other than how great the John McCain.
That's the negatively part of the story cycle.
Whenever someone brand new comes to the next day.
Oh yeah.
It's a very whole senior adviser to the RNC.
Oh yeah.
That's the way it goes when anybody knew comes along.
Anybody totally inexperienced and nobody ever heard of it.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Here at the Real Magic.
Sport at 05.60.
QAM.
The fourth leader.
It's the world to do our.
Real American A-holes.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you.
Shard stay hotel maid.
Shard stay hotel maid.
Psychologists could perform a roar shack test on the sheets you clean.
But you don't buy.
After all, you're performing a public service.
Given back to the community.
You never get tipped.
And at least once a month you find a body in the bathtub.
But you can still hold your head high.
Because you're making hospital corners without the benefit of hospital disinfectant.
Clean up in room 307.
There hasn't been a spill that big since the Exxon Valdeez.
And try as you might.
You just can't remove the phone from the room.
We don't want the bump.
But you can be proud, Consuela.
Because at the end of the day, your sheets are tighter than any of the women who have ever slept on them.
I'll.
So we salute you.
Shard stay hotel maid.
Your rubber gloves.
Your broken English.
And your mint.
You are a real American A-hole.
You're fair.
What a one-of-cue-a-ing.
We got the beast.
I mean the beast.
Excuse me.
I apologize to.
Rock solid.
I go.
Why did I say that?
I don't know.
Fordictive slip.
Anyway, speaking of motels and movies, what was the movie you saw it and you liked it too?
Where the couple checked in the motel and the car broke down.
It was the motel.
What was it?
Vacancy.
Vacancy.
Oh, there's a vacancy in the motel.
Oh, right.
As somebody I know would say, he'll be on it for after the big O.
We got the big O all over the place, man.
Morning afternoon.
Pretty soon we'll have him on at night instead of that point.
Oh.
Now, DA will, he'll make a daytime appearance tomorrow, 2 to 4.
Be sure and promote him heavily, okay?
Okay.
Well, whatever promotion you give him will be a hell of a lot more than he said so far.
You know, a caller last week made a pretty good point, which is unusual.
And that is that Jerks, if he would have been the best thing since sliced bread, which he wasn't, it was horrendous.
But if he had had a great show, nobody would have known about it.
Right?
Yeah.
How would anybody outside the, you know, we just keep preaching to the choir with the same diminishing number of people.
Pretty soon we're going to be talking to ourselves.
Don't you something you get the feeling that you're talking to yourself?
What?
Haha.
Haha.
Woo!
And also there was a call, I'm trying to think of what it was one last week that really left a tremendous impact in my brain.
But I figured it was so impactful that I forgot what it was.
It'll come to me.
Over the years there are certain ones that just stick in your mind, like the one about the Eric Clapton's kid flying out the window, you know.
Now you've lost touch with the audience, Neil. You've gone too far. You've lost touch.
Yeah, I'm still touching. And they're all still touching it too. You can tell on the phone.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
WDQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes.
What is the trick going back to ESPN?
He's gone. He's long gone. And once he's gone he ain't coming back.
Let's bring this Sydney back then.
Yeah, okay.
Oh, that's a Sydney guy. That's the guy that's in love with Sydney Kid.
Rosencrantz Schwarberg.
Like I said, they all got one line. They all got one thing, the quarter-shlock guy, and the hockey announcer guy, and the ratings guy.
Yep.
Very sad.
One note Charlie, then.
Just a...
A poetry of one note Charlie.
That's how Florida for you.
Look at that. The brand-inces vacancies are great movie. I would say it's great, but it's pretty damn good.
It's no of my son, then.
I don't want to see a boy. I could watch it this week. I've had a lot of time on my hands, but I don't want to.
All right.
I don't want to.
It's good movie.
I mean, Paco was in Europe for two weeks with a young lady friend.
Not what you think.
Well, I know.
No, it is what you think.
Exactly what I think.
Oh.
But nevertheless, currently in Barcelona, I've never been to Barcelona.
Isn't that something when you send your friends to places that you've never been to?
One of my friends I sent to Oslo Norway a few years ago.
I've never been there. I have no desire to go there.
I don't want to eat mousse or elk or whatever they eat.
Oh, that's your favorite meat, by the way.
Moose.
Moose. That's what they said on the news over the weekend.
Sarah Palin's favorite meat is mousse.
And based on all the hanky spanky going on that family, I think that's a lie.
One of many.
Right.
Do you think she likes pork?
832 votes on the pool.
What's your take on Sarah Palin?
The pork lady.
Totally unqualified, 520.
Don't get porky about it.
62.5% say she is totally unqualified.
Un-daleable.
That too.
Who the hell is Sarah Palin?
149.
18% have no idea who that bitch is.
She's great, 93.11.1% and she's okay, 70.
She's great.
She's great.
What?
How could anybody say she's great?
Almost of course they have a hot spring like Chris.
Maybe it's her logo we haven't seen them yet.
And with any luck, we won't.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, my name.
Q-A-M, hello.
Well, that's your end nice ring to it, didn't it?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
I want to see Jim Manage's smack you one day.
What?
I want to see Jim Manage's smack you one day.
Jim Manage is going to smack you one day.
What's he got, long arms?
He's going to smack you one day.
Say it again.
Say it again.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, he's going to smack you.
Jim Manage's going to hit your ass.
Oh, brother.
Can you imagine the size of the digit?
Right, don't think that's up his ass.
Wow.
I think it was a thumb.
Yeah, it felt like a finger.
5.6 out of it.
I don't think you're going to make no 900 by the way on your pole.
Then we say 8.50?
I said 8.50, I think.
Yeah, it was a way back the way a little bit.
Because, you know, we stuck our finger out the window to get a fix on the little end.
See which way the wind was blowing.
That John Zarelli yesterday with a little...
What were they call those things?
Hydro...
They have a name for those things.
It's like a weathervane.
Hydroplonic plot twist.
Oh, yeah.
And the monitor.
And the monitor.
Yeah.
Is that it?
And the monitor?
Correct.
And he had a little black one and an anometer too.
And he kept...
He was trying to hold it up, but the wind kept blowing his arm away.
And he was trying again and then you'd see a little bit of it and it's spinning around like Mickey Mouse ears, you know?
In fact, I knew they were Mickey Mouse ears as soon as Zarelli said,
Oh, I see!
Then I knew.
We're seen then before.
Yeah, don't watch it.
No country for old men, by the way.
That's our good...
Our good movies not to watch advice here on the show.
Instead of having movies that people should watch, let's just start protecting people from wasting their money in time.
Right.
And that was another long movie too.
I think two and a quarter, two and a half hours, something like that.
Oh my God.
At least two hours too long.
Plenty of time to put the ending in there.
There is no ending.
I know.
That was why I went...
Then I woke up.
Yeah.
Here goes to black.
Here come the credits and I thought, you've got to be schmitting me or wasted...
I wasted two hours in my life to watch this.
Why is he talking to that old man now?
I want to know what's going on with that.
I want to see the big climax between the two guys.
You know, finally something's...
No, no, no, no.
Something happened all right, but we're not going to show you.
You just got to figure it out.
But how about there will be blood?
Yeah.
By the way, it was...
By the way, it was...
I was dead and I was ready for it.
It was quite the punch line.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
That was after he smashed into the preacher's head with a holding pin.
That was good.
He was funny.
Yeah, he had it coming.
Yeah.
But we didn't need that long ass movie just for that.
Come to QAM, hello.
In my brain.
QAM, hello.
Line 3 seems to have problems.
Hello.
There are cameras.
WDQ, way M, hello.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, I think he's the three that just put in 7.
What?
These are those ones I think he just put in 7.
Yeah.
This guy talking like into a tin can or what?
Yeah, and the lock is...
WDQ, way M, hello.
Deal?
Yes.
It just found out that Sarah Pellad is a fan of Pat Buchanan.
Yeah.
That's circulating on the internet, yeah.
He's crazy.
She's a Nazi, yeah.
And the Jews are pretty pissed off about it too, by the way.
But hopefully Obala could pick up some Jew voters from Florida.
We'll see.
Okay.
All right, see you, Pat.
As I go soon.
Yeah, and guess what?
Speaking of picking up the Jewish voters, I guess where Joe Biden is hanging out at a deli and deer field.
Oh, great.
If it works out as good for him as it did for Rudy Giuliani and Wesley Clark.
By the way, I've sent you a couple of emails.
Somebody wanted me to forward you something and then I found a video that somebody sent me
of John McCain doing the ass check that everyone's talking about.
Really?
During that, when he was presenting her, he kept...
It was pretty amazing to see.
We were watching it live and he never took his eyes off of her eyes.
At the more his hand off his wedding ring.
We were doing a countdown every day.
Yeah, we were going to play a little drinking game, but we didn't have any whiskey.
PR Ralph says, Puerto Rican Ralph says you missed out today being the first day of Ramadan.
We still got time to play it.
Happy Ramadan, all you terrorists.
Now, who is it that celebrates Ramadan?
Muslims.
Yeah, but which ones?
The good ones are the bad ones.
The ones with the burgers.
The ones with the beards.
Oh.
And the schmackah heads?
Yeah, I don't know.
A lot of them are engines.
Boy, you talk about having your turban on too tight.
It says, and is it me or was Raynagan basically saying they blame me the last time,
so this time get the F out of dots because you're not blaming me.
Yeah, he was everybody.
The FEMA people and your president and vice president and Ray Noggenhead and Nuffelhead
and all these people were like really bent it over backward.
Oh, we're going to do it right this time.
Then, of course, it turned out it wasn't what they thought.
It wasn't what they were expecting.
Your number, you know, was spread of five or six points.
I, you know, elections are about mashups.
And it's clearly between John McCain and Barack Obama.
And I think on this issue of experience, Barack Obama's making his case based on judgment.
He's saying, you know what, John McCain might have a lot of experience,
but he has experience making the wrong decisions.
He was wrong in the war in Iraq. He was wrong on the...
I just was fascinated because, you know, who's heading up this panel of this very important discussion.
Soley there.
Well, thank you, Soley there.
Oh, man.
The best talent you've ever seen in the politics.
You're 20 of 5.60 QAM.
Me.
For its leader.
Who's going to get rid of you?
Blow.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
I'm not going to get rid of you.
Jesus, Lord Jesus, Lord and King,
Praise Jesus, Lord and King.
I don't believe compassion is what we like.
It serves the right to have less blacks
and you deceptive who say it's a national disgrace.
They shouldn't have been black in the first place.
This is no time to play the blame game.
Since we know that everything's caused by gays
who are not the right kind of homo.
Lights Friday, Maclellan and Carls Goal
where it's seemingly a Married fit right wing dream.
To make everybody white like me.
And the ignorance of a bitch
who gets his jobs ground closer to rich
poor how I miss heading blind
you're maybe in horses.
I'd rather do that than watch floating corpses
I'm a negligent bird over now
and I'll keep going down to keep my nose ground.
I'm a negligent bird over now
but I'll keep going down to keep my nose ground.
I have a job, Brownie.
I have a job, John Lee Joe.
I see a lot of similarities.
In fact, I think they're the same person.
118 at 560 WQAM.
567 0560 pound 560 on the Verizon and AT&T wireless line.
How about QAM?
QAM?
QAM?
I love the do-up shop.
What are you going to die already, Mirio?
When you go to die, do the human race of public service.
How could you be so mean and say that?
How can I be mean?
You're a chronic, you're a pest, you're annoying.
Go away, Mirio.
Die.
Call in the corner and die, Diana.
Die.
Wow, you have no respect for life, sir.
Not yours.
Yours is worthless.
How can you stay up, sir?
Ariel Moreno, who's phone number, by the way,
since he wants to talk to the audience, is 305 8883 8538.
How could you be so mean?
You can't even call the door.
You can't even call the door.
The cluster fork over there, that one house?
That's right, why don't you go over to a Prozac Ronshaus?
You can join in.
Sir, put those rumours in the house.
Go to the other misfits, Mirio.
Go do some business.
Go write some insurance.
You lose her.
Sir, how can you do this?
And how can you do that?
Your act is so lame, you're pathetic.
You're tragic.
305 8883 8538.
Give Mirio a call.
You can do your own talk to her with him.
He's just loaded with bad material.
God.
That is, that's for my whole day right there.
All the rest of it, everything's been going fine.
Fine is GI wine.
The letter was a day.
853 votes on Chris's poll.
What do we say, 875?
Sounds good?
I thought it was a 5GJ trying to do here.
What is it?
Why are you trying to make it harder?
You trying to get me fired?
I'm not trying to make it hard.
Not my stage of life, believe me.
Oh, okay.
Forget it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I'm your friend.
Q-A-M, hello.
I'm your friend.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Ay, coquillita.
Coquillita.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, Leo.
Yes, sir.
Hey, tell the rabong.
Guwani Madi-Kaw.
How many Q-A-M, hello.
This is the front's website.
Or called data.
That's the best of that bunch so far.
You know how these coming in bunches?
Yes.
Like grapes and pomegranates.
Like roids.
How many Q-A-M, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hang on, let me turn the radio down.
Yeah, turn it.
Turn it over.
I'm going to get back up, sitting here, the dial tone real loud.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Woo!
It's the hour, I didn't realize it was going to be.
And of course, starting next week, Monday, I come back full time.
That's right.
What did you say to Whistly?
All-on-last, of course, you want to work, you know?
No, no, thanks.
Three, four days a week.
I'll offer some money, maybe.
Well, didn't you get paid extra for that all I'd work you did this summer?
No.
Not a dime?
No.
Not a penny from your close personal friend, Jolly Diabelle, who thinks you're so great and loves you so much?
He does not, and you're correct.
I'm correct, what?
No, I did not get paid a dime.
Extra.
When you were, you did the show three days a week all summer long for Christ's sake.
I know.
And you didn't get reimbursed?
I just got my normal pay.
What a cheap bastard.
WQ-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
He's my buddy.
Nobody Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, I know, I'll worry you.
Okay.
The thing is, it's funny, because you mentioned earlier, like the name, but you didn't mention, you know, the guy who calls up all the time and mentions Andy Rothman's name.
Yeah, that's another guy.
Yeah, you're another jerk.
Glad you reminded me, okay?
I'm sure the audience is reading a breath of fresh air now that we finally got your call for the day.
The Andy Rothman guy.
Once again, his boyfriend's name on the years, much as possible.
And of course, Steve Stone and who's the other one? David Triggerman.
Ed is mother.
Ed is mother.
Your mama.
Q-A-M, hello.
How you doing?
Is this for the married office?
Is this for the Mimeo Dolphins?
What does that mean?
Hello?
Yeah, what does that mean?
Is this for the Mimeo Dolphins?
I think it's no.
Yeah.
How many do you want?
You have to sing first, though.
Yeah.
You did it.
First, you have to stick your whole fist up your rectum and do a little kazatsky.
Spin around like a, like a cradle.
With your hand fist still in your rectum.
Ask, of course.
Who's the Q-A-M, hello?
You're the one, I'm the one.
Q-A-M, hello.
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
Very nice to hear you, sir.
Do you think that McCain knew, or do you think Colin was up front with McCain about the father or if he's not?
Let me see this question.
Sure.
When people call up talk shows and they ask questions like that, it makes my blood curtle because how do I know?
I don't think.
I have no idea.
I don't know.
I went on behind the scenes.
I wasn't there.
I wasn't a fly on the wall.
Do you know?
I might gut tell me that he found out the same way we objected.
Your butt tells me he found out the same way.
Okay, well good.
Say hi to your butt.
Is nobody said his butt reminds him?
Yes.
Maybe it talks.
His butt reminds him of Josh Friedman, no doubt.
Speaking of an aroma that could put you in a coma.
857, Chris is over 850.
I mean, he's going to get the big raise.
You'll see when the next paycheck comes through, which isn't that far off.
Correct.
Isn't it on Friday?
The fifth one, don't you get the, you guys get those little slips of paper in an envelope?
Little slip of paper.
No change.
No extra cash in there.
No, maybe a few 20s would be nice.
A couple of hundreds.
Just a little stub.
And believe me, a lot of us can relate.
No fun having little stub.
WDQA Am Hello.
BAM is dead.
QA Am Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
I just like to do a shout out to my gay son.
Yeah, okay, great.
A shout out.
That's another part of Americano that just makes my blood curtling.
I've been doing a lot of curdling like spoiled milk.
Yeah, I'm going to be a little missmuffin.
I want to give a shout out.
Shout this.
Shout it out.
Go clean your soil underwear and shout it out.
Sir, I'm pale in my ass.
People ought to be revolting in the streets.
And you know something?
Most of these people we've talked to today?
Revolting.
The biggest name.
The best town of Keto.
Keto, Keto, Rage.
Sporting for 5.
60 QA Am.
B.
Fourth, leader.
Neil, God.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
Happy Ramadan to all you terrorists out there who are celebrating.
And others, I'm sure that there's some very peaceful, loving, wonderful people.
What do you think?
Absolutely.
Oh, I mean, I'm sorry.
Absolutely.
Oh.
What?
I mean, I'm having difficulty.
You're sticking the right thing in the right slot.
There we go.
Yeah, that's not the first time.
I know.
That's what Sarah Palin said, too.
Oh, she didn't seem to be in the building.
No, yeah.
No, yeah.
Nobody missing nothing.
No, they're all straight shooters.
Ned crowd.
Wow.
They're procreate in man.
862 votes on Chris's award winning pool.
Nice go on.
Well, thank you.
A question being who to Alice Sarah Palin?
And does she pale in the significance compared to her running mate?
Old John McCain.
Anyway, we got the, what's his name coming up at two o'clock?
Oh, that's right.
Rock solid to go.
Who is a legend in his own mind?
Make no mistake about that.
He is absolutely.
Rock solid.
Positively.
Rock solid.
567-0560-Ponfine.
And your notice is we've gone through this show today since Joe Bell is like helpless and hopeless
and useless and unwilling to really do anything about.
There's really one household.
That's the problem.
Right.
Am I right?
Well, two, but yeah, mostly one.
No, no, no, mostly one.
The other one we can live with.
Mostly one.
Over and over and over and over and over and over and over.
And if Joe Bell really believes that the phone company thinks that we give out our phone number and we invite people to call
five, six, eight thousand times a day, then Joe Bell needs mental help, although we already know that.
Anybody that would put out a schedule to the media then come to find out that he hadn't talked to the participants to the individuals involved?
Did I tell you that last week?
Yes, you did.
I had a feeling.
I had a psychic feeling, man, and deep in my bowels.
WQA Am Hello.
QA Am Hello.
Okay, good afternoon, Neil Rogers.
Yes, sir.
I just want to make a comment I've listened to you on different stations and different markets for several years.
You know, there's Republicans, there's Democrats, there's liberals, there's conservatives, there's left-wingers, right-wingers.
But you're no different than any other guys.
I mean, you express your opinion and you say what you believe and you let people speak to what they want to do.
But I mean, you got this guy next to you.
He's waiting for him and he's smoking all this weed.
He can't be ratcheted sometimes, but you're rational.
But the fact of a matter is everybody's not going to agree and hopefully whoever gets nominated can fix this situation.
Well, let me ask you something.
What does that have to do with the comment you just slipped in there about reefer head?
What is that supposed to mean?
Well, I mean, it's all the time with this.
Oh, okay.
Boring, I'm sure we just is boring the first time.
Is it a story?
Sure, and the third time and the fifth time.
Mm-hmm.
Somebody QA Am Hello.
Hello, John.
QA Am Hello.
What's up, guys?
We've been here.
Neil.
Yeah.
Good afternoon.
Yes?
Hey, how's George?
Did George do it today?
Yeah, George is here.
George, I love you, brother.
Yeah.
George, I just wanted to let you guys know.
I love George a lot.
And I look forward to having George on a show by himself one day and just writing him to something we'll together.
Yeah.
All right, guys.
Thank you guys for the presentation.
Okay.
Go take an ESL course, okay?
That's my suggestion to you.
866 votes on your point.
You know, you've got to hand that 900 if we'd have pushed for it, but you didn't want to take a risk.
Uh-huh.
You want to lose all that loose change in your pay-on, correct?
Here a little jingle.
WQA Am Hello.
I hope everyone of those primes, please get the bulk answer for those radar guns.
Amen.
I second that emotion.
All you porkers out there with your damn radar guns.
Well, they got to make the quota, you know.
We just finished the month and now we're starting out a new month.
You mean that quota they don't have?
Yeah, the quota that they deny that they have, but they absolutely do.
Absolutely.
WQA Am Hello.
QA Am Hello.
QA Am Hello.
I didn't show.
That's them.
WQA Am Hello.
Are you Rogers?
Yes sir.
What the hell is the new line up, Piley?
We don't have a new line up yet.
It's temporary.
It's temporary.
Was it supposed to kick in today?
Yes.
And it did it.
It did not because Joe Rose had an agreed to do six to ten and they just went ahead and they,
you know, they just penciled them in there.
Okay, so very, very incredibly, unacceptable and bush-leg move on QA Am's part.
So it's got to score if there'll be QA Am then.
Well, no, I mean, the big O is going to be doing two to four.
I heard him this morning from five to seven.
But he's doing both.
Oh, okay.
I'm waiting for the new line up change.
Okay, hold your breath.
See, there's one guy there that cares.
He's all breathless about the new line up change.
Well, they're shoving the deck where they put in the ace of spades and where they put in the two of clubs
and where they put in the seven of diamonds and like that.
Right?
Yep.
You got it.
WDQA Am Hello.
Oh, Jack.
Oh, Jack.
QA Am Hello.
I'm on.
WDQA Am Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
First of all, I think there's a conspiracy going on with drug companies and all these weather people.
I think they're in Kahoot together to get people all drugged up.
What happened to the days of Frouflennic reporting the news?
That's wrong, gone.
I said this the other day.
And I think she's down there on time, but I wouldn't vote for her.
She's hot.
There's, along with the fat Chris there, things she's hot.
Man, you talk about the voices of desperation.
She's about as hot as the Arctic.
Of course, that's getting warmer.
She is not hot.
But then again, there's some guys if it's, you know, if it wears a skirt or a dress and it's got a couple of boobies.
Although, what did I say?
I did.
I mentioned it on the ear.
That's totally that.
It's got boobies like, like you did.
Right.
She really does.
She ain't got no breasts.
But of course, she's qualified to be on there.
She's, she's qualified to be doing news reporting on CNN worldwide as Sarah Pailin is to be the commander of the universe.
What's your take on Sarah Pailin?
That's our world-finding poll 873 votes.
Wow.
We would have made 900 easy if you'd like, wouldn't have been so damn argumentative.
Say what?
What's your take on Sarah Pailin?
Totally unqualified.
547.
62.6%.
Who the hell is that?
153.17.5%.
Who that?
She's great.
99.11.3%.
Say she's great.
Those must be card-carrying Nazis, for sure.
And she's okay.
74.
Out of 870.
3-0, 3.
WDQ-YM, hello.
All cast members so shaded the beach.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Something about go these boys in the morning, man.
First reading the morning.
Yeah, this is the same.
Please say it ain't so.
Please.
WDQ-YM, hello.
NEO.
Yes.
Good afternoon.
How are you?
Okay.
Did you hear the 10 o'clock news folded and Channel 39?
I guess it's WS.
D-Z-L.
I put it on list by night everybody loves Raymond.
Yeah.
So I think they I read somewhere they announced that they're just folding.
Or I guess they're just going to go to the 11 o'clock news, the Channel 6.
It wasn't a bad station.
It's just now you got to watch it.
Just said nobody watched it.
Yeah, just Channel 2.
I have to watch Channel 7 now or...
God knows.
I think it's the worst.
Do whatever you like, sir.
Do I have to watch Channel 7?
What do you say George?
Do you have to watch Channel 7?
Well, it depends on where he lives.
You know, if he's in 305 area code and I think it's mandatory, he has to watch Channel 7.
Did Palin lie about the bridge to nowhere that this is on our website?
Eight million syrup hailing stories.
And up until last Thursday, nobody, even her family never heard that bitch.
The biggest name.
The best talent here in the world is 4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Now let me ask you a question.
Yeah.
Is that really on the rejoin?
No, I had that added so that you know, you had the sports leader there.
I know that the Lord even loves neo-roder.
The federal government just learned about those people today.
Underwood Army criticism from both parties, ground offered no authority.
And mostly great others for the debauchers to cross hundreds of lines.
Mike Brown.
There's no one left to blame I said Brownie.
You're the government shame I said Brownie.
The short career's up in blame there's no one.
I know who's more lame.
George Bush.
You'd better make him shut up before he says.
It was shoeable messed up, you can defend him.
But I'm sure you will find many think that he should do time.
I was in a hurry to explain.
He's way too dumb to run the FBI.
Some people died when he ran FBI.
Now that everyone knows that your leadership blows,
you can go back to your horror shows.
Today, most Republicans and Democrats criticize the fact
that Brown is still on the federal payroll.
That may be because as long as he remains an administration official,
his testimony must be cleared by the White House.
Heck of a job, Brownie.
How in heck of a job?
145.
But of course, everybody's forgotten about that now because of yesterday's tremendous response
by the federal government, by FEMA, and by your president, and by your vice president,
and by Ray Naganhead and everybody.
And John McCain, right, and Cindy McCain, and Sarah Palin.
Yep, and Michael.
Michael?
Taylor.
Oh, yeah.
At least they're funny.
Yep.
Nothing funny about that, bitch.
Oh, I don't know.
She looks like a card.
Except the fact that her daughter's pregnant.
And they're married.
And at 17 years old.
All of these things.
But then again, you know that evangelicals, they sure, oh, God, that's good.
They sure like screw in their brains out, man.
They love it.
Oh, God, that's good.
I've been told that there are people out there who don't like me.
So I'd like to invite them all to come out of the Roger Center so they can get it only better.
Unfortunately, it only seeks 50,000.
Listen, after 30 years, this is me.
Take it or leave them.
Take it or leave them.
Take it or shove it.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Well, line three is sticky.
Q-A-M.
You're for G-E!
See, I told you.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
Hey, I got a question.
Why does this regime continue to treat all the good people like crap?
And all the people who don't bring us on the table, they just put them on a pedestal?
They're like, show roles.
I mean, they basically just told them, you're going to work from six in the morning and not let them know any idea about it?
Correct.
I'm honest now on people who can work like that.
By the way, are they hiring?
Yeah, sure.
Are they hiring?
Yeah, there's stuff that goes on here.
Now, what was the word that you used?
Scandalous?
Yes.
There's stuff that goes on with this regime, as you call it, that never been heard of before.
It's never been heard of.
Oh, we're making up the new schedule, Alan.
By the way, you're working four hours instead of three.
And you're going to come get up in four in the morning and do it.
And we're not going to give you any more money for it, but we sure appreciate it.
And we really, what was the line in clearance's memo?
It wouldn't be fair.
What?
Wouldn't be fair.
I don't know, not that part.
Oh.
About the schedule that we all want?
Oh, yeah.
You know, you need Chris, everybody.
That's the schedule that we all want.
But Joe, right now, he don't want him.
He don't want him.
He don't got him.
And he don't want him.
Oh, here it is.
I got the memo.
They did today.
We have pushed back the logs of our new line up until January 1st, 2009.
It's not fair to Joe Rose to ask him to work the schedule.
We all want.
There is the line.
We all want.
But ultimately, it is not realistic at this point.
Joe, there's too many commitments during football season to start 6 to 10 a.m. now.
Once football season ends, we'll unveil our new line up.
I think we would Joe and Morgan drive 6 to 10 a.m.
Now, wouldn't we have known this ahead of time without embarrassing?
See, how many times do I told you that these people have no shame?
Right.
No shame.
We're going to cut you off there.
Embarrassed.
They have no shame.
So there's no embarrassment factor.
No humiliation, no degradation.
They continue making just taking down their pants and showing their bad ass to the world over and over again.
Because there's the right way, there's the wrong way, and then there's the QAM way.
Not slow, not fast, half fast.
And this is what we have to contend with.
And that's why on the issue, we've got...
How many times?
For 50, 200,000 times a day.
At which 50,000 or 200,000?
Here is a fact that is just beyond belief.
I'm not as believable.
At this point, I wouldn't say anything connected with this place is beyond belief.
Last Friday, I was listening to Guilty and the quarter-slot guy called in as the Slot guy talking about the Keynes game.
How do you like that?
So the people look... the cancers, the walking, living, breathing cancers, who have been tested this show, now they're spreading out.
The Slot guy.
What do you think about that?
So Gaudi was sick yesterday morning.
He had the Labor Dayitis.
I guess.
And so Curtis did the 7-10 Slot and then the Beast got forced into doing the...
10-2 yesterday.
Unbeknownst to me and unbeknownst to George.
Did they call you about that?
I'm sorry.
Good one.
That was Gaggot.
That was a QAAM.
Hello.
Leo, good afternoon, sir.
Yes, sir, good afternoon.
Were you aware that there was a tragic death today?
Killer Kowalski died?
No.
Remember the rest were Killer Kowalski.
Who cares?
Wait a minute.
Don't hang up on me.
Plus, this thing with the woman that's going to be the vice president next.
Next thing will happen.
First of all, you don't know the name and you're telling me she's going to be the vice president?
No, no, no.
I'm just forgetting.
We've been talking about her so much.
It's kind of one of those things that you just want to talk about.
We ought to find a place for Chelsea in there.
Chelsea Quintin.
She's holding hot together there, wasn't she?
Don't you know?
The most is hot is Sarah Palin.
All you head-of-roll guys with these hot chicks, man.
God forbid that anybody had a thermometer?
Hot.
No, no, you do know that you've been mugged with your judges in that category too.
Anybody wearing a skirt?
That's right.
If clearance came in there wearing a skirt, George would have tied.
What do you mean if?
It would be appropriate.
A real lady.
A real missy.
Oh, it wouldn't be fair to Joe and yaddy, yaddy, yaddy.
Well then why did you put it out the first place?
You schmuck.
You're quizzling.
You impotent fool.
You're fairy.
God.
So what's her name?
She's going to have the baby.
What's her name?
Bristol.
As in the Bristol stomp.
I still don't believe that was the original version.
Book of Bread told me that it, you know, that's a digitally remastered version.
Ah, I told you.
You can't mess with me with those moldies, man.
I know my oldie goldies.
My goldies.
So you don't have the original one?
No.
Well, I think you ought to, you know, look it up.
Oh my God, is Fat Chris looking at the pole?
894.
We need only six moat to get to 900.
That would mean some serious extra cash in your pay envelope this Friday.
Oh, well, let's go people hurry up.
Six more votes to get to 900.
On the second of September, the day after Labor Day.
You can almost smell it in the air, can't you?
The jugging in to come back.
I'll let bonus money come in.
You'll see.
It's going to be a banner year here at QAM.
The biggest name.
The best tower.
Here is your largest 40 of 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
We've got it's following the mad dog, Jim Matting.
It's golfing tonight.
It's the only thing you can ever hear on sports radio 560 QAM.
It's 905.
All right.
Big bonus for Chris this Friday.
699.
You.
Forgiving riders something funny to do.
You're looking for guys who make you go by.
Larry Craig, thank you for tapping your shoe.
Use the reason last a few days.
But you refuse to go away.
The public ends our prime are really big.
Hey, hey.
Hands off to Larry.
With Jacob.
We all invite you to Israel.
A lot of fun.
The neo-con ride.
To insert a new eye.
Larry taking no crap when he's half a hit you.
Game, game, game.
I never have been gay.
Game, game, game.
I never have been gay.
Hands off to Larry.
He wants to stay gay.
But his own party wants him to go away.
The religious route wants you to stay.
Larry Craig will spread his legs for you.
He wants a man to swim.
And he got you.
Bye, bye, bye.
The biggest names of death, Calus.
And your goals for Miami doffens football.
430-560-WQ-A-M.
I made for Lutterdale.
Come on there. How about that?
