The music expressed on the previous programs are those that I didn't say jerked your street did you say that?
The beat of the grind is great. It's got $4 for age of age.
My biggest name is the best talent in history.
You're listening to sports, radio 5, 16 WQA, and everybody can stand a palmon on Saturday.
You can enjoy the ride through that.
In court, jerseys, 5, 60 WQA, and presets.
The Neil Rogers, all right.
To talk to Nadega, to get a 5, 6, 7, 8, 6, 8, 9, brown.
In other counties, call toll free, 877785 Neil, or pound 56518T and Verizon wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his colleagues, do not represent those of WQA and management staff or sponsors.
Now the Neil Rogers show on 5, 60 WQA and Neil.
Coming up on the Alphabet Gimbal Network.
It's the end of the year's spectacular that everyone's stressing about.
Dick Clarks, Hebrew New Year's Rock and Eve.
They could buy a 5768 and help blow the show far up a 5769 with a cast of Jewish stars featuring the Borscht Melt comedy-stylings of Jerry Seinfeld.
What is the deal with Russia Shana? What's the rush?
I host this chick, Russia Shana.
Sarah Silverman.
What? Amy Winehouse is in Jewish?
The Hunter Teller fades.
Look at my...
The Beastie Boy.
So rush, so rush, so rush, so rush, so rush, so rush!
Nah!
Boss David Swimmer, Lenny Kravitz, Andy Sandberg, White Honor Rider, and Adam Sandler.
Not a Jewish rich and eared. It's the Jewish New Year.
Dick Clarks, Hebrew New Year's Rock and Eve.
It's gonna blow your Token saw.
Buddy, are you going to watch something else?
Oh, hey!
I kinda like that.
It's about time they came up with something amusing.
Not spectacular, but I'm using, you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Do I use...
Like a little chuckle.
Well, talk about chronic's on the email.
Neil at nearodges.com, by the way, is the email address if you wanna zip us off something?
And let me just say this right now.
All you chronic's out there, go the hell away.
Just like on the phone, same thing.
If you wanna be chronic, take some tonic.
Drink some of battery acid would be good.
God, go get a colonic.
Rich Pactor starts out this morning by saying,
Happy Jew Year, Neil.
Just an FYI.
Both Monday and Tuesday's MP3 archives are only three hours and 22 minutes each.
Strange.
Strange.
Cheers, Rich Pactor.
No wonder you hate him.
I don't, but that's true.
There's a chicken heck that hates him.
I don't think either one, but if you want...
All Harvey Jr.
I don't hate Paul Harvey Jr.
No, no, I'm saying he hates Rich Pactor.
Okay, yeah, let's say that.
They hate each other.
All right.
Yeah.
Eric finally answered this.
And before I get to Eric's response, this moron in New Orleans,
G. Goldbard, Gary.
This Gary guy to keep sending me these long ponderous...
And nah, nah, nah, the streaming's only...
And Eric actually didn't, I guess, realize who he was dealing with.
So he also sent the same chronic complaint to me that he sent to Eric.
Talk about incompetence.
What will it take to fix this?
And he spells incompetence wrong.
Nothing like a moron given us a lecture.
He says, dumb and dumb are missing last hour of show again.
What will it take to fix this?
This guy is just... he's evil.
So Eric writes to me,
due to the QM stream being changed recently in a Microsoft limitation in large audio files,
the last 40 minutes of every show probably will be missing until I have time to write a workaround.
I spent all night working on this, and unfortunately there's no quick fix.
Also, PS to answer Gary's question,
it will either take him sending me five grand so I can set aside my pay work to fix it
or shutting his effing whiny gov and completely recording it himself.
Nice going, Eric. Riff him an ass.
Gary in New Orleans.
Gary Goldbard.
I hope the bird of paradise takes a big dump on your head just in honor of Russia's show.
How do you like that, Gary?
You quizzling.
You fairy.
You pain in the ass.
BAM BAM
There's one thing I cannot stand. It's BAM.
I hate that.
I can put up with a lot of crap and believe you me, I tolerate much crap in my life.
I don't take any crap but I tolerate it. I take crap.
What's it took to stop it?
To this whole really?
Crap.
I thought I was going to but I didn't.
False alarm?
Yeah.
No false alarm with me man.
I had an explosive experience, but we don't want to go too deeply into that.
BAM BAM
The screenings are square.
BAM
And you have the right answer as if we have any ability to do something about it.
Right. We don't.
We have nothing to do with that.
This is a service.
And keep in mind that there are many people including I don't want to mention any names
but some broadcasters are you sure who charge who has a call to charge people to listen to your archives
or even like ask us what they want to do on their website.
I don't want to mention any names.
Are you sure?
Positive.
And so here's a free service we have provide.
But it's never good enough.
BAM BAM
BAM
BAM
You're a cancer.
You're a tumor.
You're a walking, talking, smitting tumor.
Mostly, smit.
Barry Jackass writes, and boy, I bet you Chris is going to be embarrassed about this.
No dolphins regular season home game has been blacked out since 1998.
Ten years.
But several are at serious risk because season ticket sales plummeted from 61,000 plus in 2006 to 54,602,000 less than 50,000 this season.
Less than 50,000.
Oh my god.
The blackout per person, 67,000 tickets must be sold.
Just less than 10,000 tickets remained for some of these chargers game and the dolphins will consider asking for an extension of the 1pm Thursday blackout deadline.
More than 10,000 tickets remained for several other games and WFORCBS 4 isn't going to buy nearly that many.
I mean, they may be wanting to put those games on there but not that much, not that badly.
But what's the average price of a ticket?
I wish I knew.
60 bucks, 80 bucks, say 60, 60.
Well, 60 times, 60 bucks times 10,000 is 600 grand.
You think Channel 4 is going to keep forking out 600, 700, 800 grand?
Because of the fact that this horse ball town can't sell out the games.
You think that after they won a game, they crushed the Patriots and shocked the world with that.
You think that maybe a bunch of front-running phonies but all of a sudden be just jamming on each other by the tickets.
I noticed we're giving away tickets on the little dog show this morning to the FSU Keens game.
How come we don't get anything to give away, huh?
We get squat.
We get squatski is what we get.
We could work on some stuff.
What do you mean by that?
I don't know.
The wheel and deal.
Oh, what is this about Jerk Street?
Jerk Street was talking about how Vanderbilt hadn't started in five and osin's 1941, the year before Pearl Harbor.
Yeah, that's captivating radio.
That's good stuff. Vanderbilt.
Who gives a crap about freaking Vanderbilt?
Kirk Jerk Street.
Same old, tired.
Oh, the town was down 187 points.
By the way, the Senate's going to meet tonight after sundown.
Of course, we don't want to offend Russ Finegold and Julie Bremen.
And Diane Feinstein.
I mean, stop and think about it.
It's a Jewish holiday, okay?
Which I really quite frankly couldn't give a crap less about.
Granted, Russ Shona and UM Kippur are the two the high holy days.
Don't ask me why I knew you're such a big simous.
And allegedly, we were on the verge of a complete financial breakdown allegedly.
And yet, well, we got a couple of days here.
We'll, you know, we'll get together Wednesday night.
Thursday, a dunger stick, whenever.
You see what I'm saying?
Are we dick elicited?
That's what Gary and New Orleans ought to be upset about.
Not...
Man, this dreaming is only three hours.
Yeah.
Blow it out your ass, Gary.
You make me sick to my stomach.
You should only croak.
Not just a normal death, but a wicked, nasty, painful death.
Every poor in your body should ooze with pimples.
Anyway, here's our poll.
Which singer has the most beautiful voice?
Oh, and wait.
Let me get to that other email.
I just love these emails because without having to hear the annoying voices,
it's so many of the same malcontents.
Yeah.
Maybe they'll figure out how to do an annoying font.
What does that mean?
It's what's an annoying font.
That's a joke is what that is.
Bob and Naples is another real A-hole.
Says Neil, I'll give you Karen Carpenter,
even though you hyper on the show.
Well, what does that mean?
I hyper on the show.
Because I talked about that.
I talked about it.
But Freddie Mercury, come on.
Everybody loves Freddie, but the most beautiful voice.
First of all, that wasn't my opinion, and that wasn't my...
It's selection, that was George.
Right, that was the spick pick.
Right.
That's right.
The quick spick pick.
This is an example of your opinion dominating the polls.
See, then this is what tells me about these more...
And listen to the best part.
Of course, I didn't listen yesterday.
Maybe you were taking it another day off, but even so,
it is planned that either you and or George are not hyping Sam cook enough.
And by the way, Roger Whitaker is no slim Whitman.
Keep it up, Bob and Naples.
You're all more on Bob.
Another example of my opinion dominating the polls.
I wouldn't vote for Freddie Mercury on a bet.
I like Freddie Mercury.
I love Queen, but you know something?
The idea that he's got the most beautiful voice of any singer?
I don't think he's got a beautiful voice at all.
Good voice.
There's a difference between a beautiful voice like Johnny Macfris,
the African Queen.
How come he's not on there?
He isn't?
Yeah, he is.
Oh, is he?
What are you talking about?
I voted for Luis Miguel, by the way.
I didn't vote for Freddie Mercury.
Bob and Naples.
You know something, Bob probably hangs out with the beeslees
because he sounds like one of their kind.
A real goofball.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I hope that Joyce comes to your house and takes a big dump on your porch, Bob.
What is that?
Freddie Mercury.
No.
What is it without Queen?
Love kills.
Oh.
I don't want to hear Freddie Mercury.
Who did?
Oh, there's a Johnny Macfris?
He defense it.
What?
You want to hear Johnny Macfris?
No.
I'm gonna write a pants as a...
I'm just retrieving what had been stolen from him.
Yeah, what had been stolen from him.
Oh, Jay, put him in the rubber room.
I don't want to hear that.
I don't want to hear that.
He doesn't have a beautiful voice.
Too pastored.
You don't need to be in the word.
901 on the pole.
Which singer has the most beautiful voice?
Freddie Mercury is winning, but boy, it is tight.
Freddie's got 88 and Karen Carpenter's got 87.
They are...
Wow.
Really right next...
Right on top.
The time for us.
Oh, would you give us that thing?
Sweet.
First of all, what are you playing that for?
What is that?
The I love being familiar with the music.
It's our time for us.
The other beautiful songs.
Malky.
That's how I play it.
The music changes on.
I'm not that...
I'm not the type of hit.
I'm not that...
I have this.
Kill it!
What?
What?
It's your favorite song from your favorite TV show.
What?
See, you don't have any Johnny Mathis.
It's wonderful.
You got that?
Wonderful.
You don't even have it by Lawrence Welka.
Can I read the poll?
You're just going to keep playing crap.
Can we do it?
Freddie Mercury 88, Karen Carpenter 87, Roy Orbison 69, Barbara Streisand 52, Sarah Brightman 47,
Nat King Cole 44, Mona Lisa, Whitney Houston 43, Linda Ronsett 43, Shadei,
who was the late edition, she's got 39.
Marvin Gaye, Rams with Shadei, he's got about 30.
Johnny Mathis is got 27, Luis Miguel 21, but that's a joke.
He ought to have like 500.
Elvis 20, Jim Morrison 20, Steve Perri, and then the best part of it is this Bob and Naples didn't listen yesterday,
so he didn't even know what he was talking about.
Just expressing discontent.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Of course, if I was talking to Florida, I'd probably be making those sounds too.
Elvis and Jim Morrison 20, I think the same person.
See, you need to wonder, lately?
No.
Steve Perri 18, John Anderson from yes, 18.
Art Gurfunkel 18, Sam Cook 17, we need to hype him, Morris is Bob.
And was Naive Hiping?
Didn't we play some sandtracks?
That's right.
I'm going to be saying tomorrow, she's going to be singing that song.
Don't know much about anything.
Glad is night 15, Justin Hayward from the Moody Blues 15, Mariah Carey 14, with that one big boob.
Luther Van Ross 13, Gordon Lightfoot 12.
How's it going, Gordon?
See you around, eh?
Dusty Springfield 12, James Taylor 10, Roberta Flack 9, Neil Sedacan 9, that's ridiculous.
Josh Stone 8, 8 for Tom York from Radiohead.
George Michael, Miss Michael, if he's got 8, at least once.
Paul Rogers from Bad Company 7, David Gates 7, Everly Brothers 7, Marilyn McCoo 7,
J. Black 7, Pink, she's got 6, Anglebert Hubbard's Dink 6, Roger Whitaker 6, Jesse Colonyung 4, Amy Lee 3,
BJ Thomas 3, Gary Puckett 3, Ridiculous, Willie Rikki Nelson's got one, and Yvonne Eleman 1.
Barbara Harris from the Toys, she ain't got nothing.
Biggest name.
She's got the big two.
Oh, she got this Neil Rogers 4.
Radio 5, 60 QAM.
The fourth, Lee.
No portion of this program may be reproduced to help express written permissions at WQAM,
be the broadcast group incorporated.
You're a bastard.
Clay is gay.
No one was shot, he said, he goes that way.
But now it's official that Mr. Aiken prefers the bacon on his buffet.
You're fairy.
Clay is gay.
It's not a big surprise we have to say.
Hopefully now that he's out, he can relax about his back wax if so cliche.
Yeah.
Nobody really gives us applause, cause we knew we,
before his family, I'm so glad he finally came clean.
Cause he's known since age 13, play his gay.
He's taking off his head a road to play.
When he took the stage on idle, we all knew back in season 2,
it was in gray.
Clay is gay.
Now he can join a bathhouse in the Bay.
There's no more worry about hiding his life or lack of a wife and that's okay.
All of his dresses behind him, replaced by a handsome guy named Jim.
Now they can't walk the streets and in hand.
Or even join a boy band, Clay is gay.
It's a boy band.
It's a boy band.
10.20 a.m.
Anyway, what's that schedule for Wednesday?
That's exciting.
What?
The big O is it to a clock.
Rock solid.
Mad Dog 4 to 7.
7 to 8.
It's the dolphins tonight.
Oh, brother.
And then 8 to 11.
And then 8 to 8.
So wait until you hear this email I just got.
From Joe Bell.
What you're laughing now, it's it says no, J.
Are you listening to me?
J Bell at wqm.com.
That's on his email address, is it?
No.
I mean, it might be, but that's not the one that I know for him.
No.
Neil, this is definitely me emailing you.
Your show has never been better.
So please keep it up.
And we will do everything we can to make the rest of your time with wqm worth while.
PS.
How do you like that?
That's not him.
And if it is him, how come he's not doing some work instead of wasting his time sending me email?
That is work.
Or is that what he's doing?
First of all, if it's really you, then why don't you send me the email on my Yahoo or Hotmail or something like that?
An email that he knows that you know that you know that's right.
That's right.
That's right, because we don't believe it.
And the show has never been better.
I thought he was the one who liked my interaction with the collars, with those great calls.
If it was any Joe Bell, he'd say congratulations on coming up with this brilliant email idea.
Fatso, you fat old, trouble making fag.
That's what Joe Bell would say.
He sure wouldn't say, ho ho ho!
Maybe he just sits in the office and listen to the show all day.
That's what he told Fat Chris.
Is nobody told you?
Yes, I'm like that.
Sit in his orifice with a door locked and listen to this show all day.
And grits his teeth, clenches his teeth, like that, because he hates all of us, like poison.
I didn't realize Joey T. from Cooper City is Joe Tuchas.
Well, now you say, he says, I notice I've been emailing you too much, like a no-life idiot, no KNOW, no life.
So I will email you a couple times.
It's really pretty scary when the collars are one thing.
You realize how many morons there are.
But when you force people to put things down in black and white and type things out,
and you realize how many illiterate people are out there, it's just they can't spell,
they can't put their sentence together, they can't do anything.
The grammar blows.
Grammar.
Grammar blows.
Fan-man after dark also very, very unbelievably chronic.
But you know something, it's better to have the chronic, otherwise it's like the thing with the calls.
Otherwise there's nothing there.
Neil at NearRodgers.com.
I challenge Jolly Joel Bell to send me a real email on my real email address, because that's not him.
Right.
J. Bell My Ass.
In addition, which, what differences are we making?
And what did he say?
They're going to make the, let's see, we're going to do everything we can to make the rest of your time at WQM worthwhile.
In other words, between now and November.
Yeah, I think he's got some evil plans for us.
Remember that one that we got yesterday?
Oh yeah, so next time you're in town, stop by and see me.
I've got some real surprises for you and George.
Yeah, like my foot up your ass, something like that.
Fat man after dark says my suggestion to put John McCray on the singer pole was definitely a joke.
I figured George would get it since he's such a big music guy.
Didn't you get it?
No.
I may be a chronic, but I'm not an A-hole at least not yet.
That's what you think, Fat man.
Your next pole should be if we use paper or plastic in public.
See, I'll see.
Not an A-hole.
Could have fooled me.
Schmuck.
A real Schmendrick.
Keep your eye on that market today.
A fool in his money or a soon part of it.
Boise's got a pretty good pole here.
Not including drug or alcohol offenses.
I break the law most often by not wearing a seat belt, speeding, downloading music or video illegally, not picking up dog poop,
smoking a non-public air and not smoking areas, having sex in public, littering, running red lights, carrying a weapon illegally, I never break any laws.
That's a good pole.
Sure.
We got the one on there for tomorrow.
Do you want to know the one for tomorrow?
Late on me.
Sorry, I was taking a sip of coffee.
No.
Now, let's see if Jolly Jo Bell sent any real emails.
What do you think?
You know it's not.
John Stewart last night.
I heard you mention Congress took the day off to honor the Jewish New Year.
I'm John Stewart, your last night, the opening segment.
He went off on them and how ridiculous it was telling them to get the F back to work.
And that Wall Street and the Daily Show were working despite the fact that there are many Jews in the...
More Jews in either place than in Congress.
But a meat put a boot put a bomb.
Let me say it again.
Oh, love the show without the colors, Neil says Brian.
Well, good. Me too.
But let me say it again.
John Stewart.
To me, isn't funny.
Maybe he wants it a great while.
If I just watched it all the time, maybe once every six weeks, I'm like, oh.
It's the reports that are funny.
The little things they do, the little news stories where they send a reporter out and their little sketches and things like that.
Oh, I see.
Neil, this is Jolly Joe.
I'm doubling your pay and vacation.
Also, fart sounds are allowed to be played.
Ho ho ho, Joe.
Only this is with a different address.
With a phone number.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, yeah. I just deleted it.
Too late. What? You want the phone number?
Yeah, I know you. Call them up.
I don't want to.
I don't want anything to do with him.
So you know it can't possibly be him.
There's nothing in my Yahoo.
And let me check my hotmail.
I mean, here's the general manager of an allegedly major.
No, there's nothing in there.
It's not Jolly Joe Bell.
In fact, I bet you it's Ken Charles trying to deflect the attention of the fact that they stabbed Dave Lamont in the back.
And then Fuddy, although it was of course like Jicke said, well deserved, but nevertheless.
Backstabbed, Chen Brown, the funny projects.
White Driny Lulacic.
We're not too bandaged.
Fourths leader.
Get the Hoover out the monmon.
All right.
You feel the pressure start to grow in.
You feel the pressure getting worse.
Correct them.
You feel your bladder overflowing.
You feel a damn about the bust.
I don't know where dance to walk.
Just take us down a hall.
There's a bathroom on the right.
You feel it.
Don't go on the floor.
Just move on down to doors.
There's a bathroom on the right.
You'll find a fix that keeps a key lock.
You changed it down with juxtaposition.
You feel your head begin to reeling.
You see the room begin to spin.
I don't want my muscles.
If lunch you're calm on loose.
There's a bathroom on the right.
You take the door.
There's a bathroom on the right.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
There's a bathroom on the right.
Oh my god.
All right.
Well, no fart sounds in that either.
What a shame.
Oh well.
1032 at 560 WQA.
No fart sounds disguised as raspberry.
So I changed the pole.
All right.
I got soul so I changed the pole.
Well, let me go vote.
You'll vote by the way.
You want to talk already?
You want me to Chris?
I mean, this is pretty exciting news.
Well, if you would like to, we can give away a pair of UMFSU tickets.
Who told you that?
Lee.
Oh, flee.
Yeah.
I thought flee was our friend.
He gives us one pair of tickets.
Joe Rose gets like 6,000 pair of tickets.
There's like a whole section that's on the Joe Rose show.
Probably Mad Dog.
He's got like 45,000 tickets he's given away.
And we get one pair of tickets to give away?
All right.
Let me crank the phone monitor up.
I have it in the opposition.
For obvious reasons.
Well, I wasn't going to take any calls.
Here's the first caller for those tickets.
QAM.
Yes.
How big of a pardon?
Oh, okay.
How do you like that?
There's a guy that could have had a shot of those tickets,
although the delay probably hasn't built up yet.
That's right.
Once the delay comes on, then you'll see the phone's just exploding.
A pair of tickets for the FSU, a Hurricanes game.
Wow.
What could be more exciting than that?
There's a couple lines, bringing him.
Because you know, I'm dim and slow.
Is Jared Lido on this poll?
No.
No.
You get him on the head of the wagon.
Jared Lido.
Oh, I changed my vote.
I voted for a marquee mark.
Are you going to add it, Chris, or are you want me to?
Yeah, I got a final word.
Jared Lido and Requiem for a drain.
God, I love him.
That's what I wanted to look for.
I mean, I looked over the list and it's a little scrawny,
but that's because he was doing all that blow, you know?
Have a sandwich, Jared.
You look like you got Karen Carpenter disease.
Oh, there you go.
Push and Karen Carpenter again, Neil.
Bob and Naples is going to send you another email.
Oh.
WDQYM ticket line.
Hello.
Hey, I was hoping to win the ticket.
You got him.
Hang on.
All right.
Thank you, sir.
Was that nice?
Was that easy?
Yeah.
That was awesome.
Thank you.
Yeah. Well, he sounds like a guy.
You know, I'm shutting that thing off now.
You got it?
He'll get it.
Line a line there.
Okay.
Grab him and get his name and shoe size and find out if he's well in doubt.
I'm talking about money.
Okay.
Which singer has got the most beautiful voice?
We wrapped that baby up with 922 votes.
So we'll go way over a thousand today.
Of course, we started with like 865 or something.
We're cheating.
All you people scream, oh, he's mailing it in.
He's doing the default mailing it in.
Meful, I've had a spy report about meful doing sports updates
or some crap on a 50 year.
Yeah.
I mean, what a joke.
That's what happens when you're a backstabber in this business.
Meful, sooner or later, the radio gods get your ass.
Meful.
Brackum.
You phony.
You corn ball, corn pwn.
And by the way, a two-bed rumor didn't get your job.
No, I take that back.
Which singer has got the most beautiful voice?
And it ended in a flat-footed tie.
Whoa.
Freddie Mercury 90, Karen Carpenter 90.
You see, me both of the people that you were pushing
and propelling all over.
That's right.
Uh-huh.
Like they're going to vote for what I told them to vote.
That Bob and Naples, I'm going to get a hit squad
to go over there and kick his ass.
And while they're over there, get joist too.
And maybe some of the beeslees.
Why are you harvesting wood?
It's a third with 70.
Barbara Streisand 54, that cross-eyed bitch.
Sarah Brightman 48, net King Cole 44.
Mona Lisa.
Whitney Houston 43, Linda Ronstadt 43.
Shade 40.
Marvin Gaye 31.
Right below Shade.
And she ought to like get him out of there
because he probably don't smell too good anymore.
Johnny Mattress, he's got 29.
Elvis 22, Luis Miguel 22.
Tied with a king.
I guess you could call that the king and the queen.
Elvis and Luis.
Jim Morrison 20, Steve Perry 18.
John Anderson of 18.
Art Carfunker 18.
What do I call me?
I say art gold, think all of something.
Yeah, whatever.
Something strange.
Lily anti-Semitic.
Sam Cook 17.
Sam Cook was Jewish.
What?
And Kuddy?
Kuddy Wood.
Sam Cook.
All right, I carry 15.
Glad is 915.
Justin Hayward of the Moody Blues 15.
Luther Van Ross, he's still dead at 13.
John didn't even know he was dead.
I mean, cry of George, whatever your name is.
Yeah.
Gordon Lightford 12.
Dusty Springfield 12.
James Taylor 11.
Josh Stone 9.
Roberta Flak 9.
Neil Sedaccan 9.
Tom York of Radiohead 8.
Miss George Michael 8.
Paul Rogers of Bad Company 7.
David Gaetz 7.
Everly Brother 7.
I don't understand why they're on there
because which singers got the most beautiful voice.
Maybe they couldn't separate it on in pick one.
Well, I don't...
I know by their looks,
and they both look good to me.
Although the one looked really a little gay.
Faye.
But as far as the voices,
I wouldn't know one from the other one.
Bye, bye, love.
Everly Brother 7.
Marilyn MacCoo 7.
J. Black 7.
J. Black with the one.
Just should have done so much better.
They probably don't know that's J.
from J. and the Americans.
Right?
Well, they probably don't.
People that know their music really well
would know who that is.
But I mean, yeah.
And of course, if you don't know their music,
then how would you know that he's got a great voice?
If you got any J and the Americans,
how about you do?
Only in America, huh?
I'm sure that's something.
Karamea...
Al-Karamea is pretty good.
You got that?
I'm looking.
J and the Americans, you don't have?
What kind of a song is...
What kind of a song is...
See, give me some slack, Jack.
What a voice.
I only typed so fast.
The computer only responds so fast.
Put your step in on J. Black.
What?
We say good-bye.
Oh, yeah.
A voice like...
Melty, like...
What was the other song you liked?
You wanted?
Only in America.
They have a Karamea with so much better as far as the voice.
Although, I think this thing is really...
In America.
Well, this is nothing to sneeze at over here.
Oh, yeah.
The biggest hit that people would recognize if he acts me.
You gonna guess the year?
1968.
Close.
The tragic moment.
69.
Oh, Jesus.
One thing.
The different than the new one.
What?
How can he only have seven votes?
What is the whole of you people anyway?
Out of sight out of mind.
I told you, these things are all name recognition.
It's a fame game on his whole.
God did give a beautiful voice.
If he looked as good as he sounded, man,
out of the top of his bones and stuff.
Oh, I'm not gonna have anybody find out how fast he could have run.
What?
That was a very buttery voice, I gotta say.
He did have a great voice.
Pink, six, Anglebird, Hopper's, Dink, six, Roger, Whitaker, six, Amy Lee, four,
Pinky Lee didn't get any.
Brendily also didn't get any.
Jesse Colin Young, four, BJ Thomas, three.
BJ Thomas should have done much better than that.
Boy, he had a really smooth, great, beautiful voice.
How'd the bear do?
Who?
BJ in the bear?
I'm just gonna pretend you're not kidding.
Carrie Puckett, three, Ricky Nelson had one, which is silly,
if on element one, and Barbara Harris from the Toys didn't have any.
The Toys, the Toys My Ass.
Jay and E. Merkins, that just, I mean, you know, Luis Miguel, I can understand,
because there's no speaking English and all that other crap and gay, like that.
But a good red-blooded heterosexual like Jay Black.
I'm gonna Google Jay Black during the break.
I say, let's bring Jay Black back.
That markets down 190 points to Dow.
They're just waiting.
Well, they're waiting for the big Senate votes tonight after this after the sun goes down.
And of course, we're gonna have a whole bunch of Jewish Jewel Lieberman's gonna be sitting there,
making sure he's gonna be looking out the window, making sure the sun is all the way down.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're gonna run out.
Make sure your family goes all the way down.
The Toys My Ass.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
This is I with this dude.
Among the world leaders gathering at the UN General Assembly, our Republican Vice President,
Lieutenant Sarah Palin, and the President of Afghanistan.
Listen, what he said.
I'm a Muslim, I'm a...
Do you like hockey and do you live in Alaska?
Yes.
I'm a hockey mom from Alaska.
Go try to eat the vasha then.
Can you see Russia from Alaska?
Yes.
You can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska.
What is your foreign policy experience?
I got involved in the PTA.
Quick photo-op with no questions from the media.
Very little chance.
She'll stumble.
What is the difference between you and President Bush?
Lipstick.
All black can't wait to see the puts lipstick on that pink tomorrow night.
The big debate Biden and Palin tomorrow night.
Even George is going to watch that.
Oh yeah, something.
Maybe.
No, I won't.
You won't?
I'll be out.
Out of luck.
I'll be out of the house.
This is cute.
This is funny.
Oh, and by the way, the quarter-schlock guy just sent me 600 emails with his...
Hi, buddy.
Hi, buddy, and then I just deleted them all like real quick.
Oh, let me ask you a question.
I forgot to do it before the show.
Since you know how to look express, but...
I don't know from how to look.
It's for me, I know how to use it, but I don't know how...
Like all the stuff that deleted items, there are 554 deleted.
How do I delete everything that's in that thing?
Right click on that thing, on that trash or deleted or whatever it is.
And then there's an empty or something like that.
Oh, delete.
Yeah.
Delete.
Yes, delete.
Didn't work.
It just is one at a time, I think.
No, no, no.
Don't highlight the folder like...
You know what I mean?
Just go over the folder, over the thing itself, not over an individual email.
Yeah.
Yeah, but when you click it,
you don't understand.
Is it in the delete folder or the trash folder?
The deleted items, right?
You should be able to, on the word, delete items, just right click on that word.
Oh, on that.
Yes.
Why the hell didn't you tell me that?
Well, that's what I was trying to do.
Delete items, right click, find open, oh, empty.
There you go.
Empty it.
Yes.
You want to do this?
Yes.
And it didn't do anything.
Oh, come on now.
It didn't do it.
Let me try it again.
All right.
Delete items.
I don't do it with you.
Oh, it's stuck now.
You screwed up my computer.
No, no, no, no, just don't touch anything else.
Just relax.
What do you mean by that?
When I'm with someone and they try to do something to the computer and it doesn't do it
right away and they get frustrated, I say to them, I say to them, calm down, Neil.
This is what I say to all my friends or my wife or my child or anybody like that if they
tell the computer to do something and the computer doesn't do it right away.
I say calm down, Neil.
Yeah.
Anyone who's impatient about the computer knows something is happening.
Nothing is going to happen.
Calm down, Neil.
You're not talking to John McKean.
Okay.
I'm not going to put a reliterate on it.
It takes, it's because you have so many items in there.
It's going to take a minute for the to crunch them all up.
You long.
Okay.
It's not, it's stuck.
When the egg timer is on there, I mean to me, you need to relax.
Okay.
I'm not even watching anything at the moment or open up whatever thing that you want.
Would you think Christian, you're going to do something?
I think you have it sometime, yes.
I think you're both full of crap.
Okay.
Okay, but I'll just leave it sitting there.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
Now, if you click on 500 other things and you might have messed things up, but let's just hope that you didn't.
What's the way that can happen?
You have to wait a couple minutes and you try it again.
No, he's not going to have to wait a couple of minutes.
He's just going to have to relax.
Exactly.
Move it on.
Oh, it's doing something.
I'm looking at the computer.
You know, and it's like, uh, it's like, you know, start clicking on a whole bunch of other things.
I'm not clicking on anything.
I don't even have the mouse in my hand.
Well, I do.
I'll bet.
Mm-hmm.
I have a mouse in each hand, actually.
I'll click and click and click.
This is cute.
Hey, Neil, I love Joe Rose's voice.
Can you put it on your list and it's signed.
Chippy.
Oh, you.
It's cute.
Yeah.
That's what it was.
I'm going to be a joicing again, I think, here in a second.
I'm really going on.
I think I caught it from you.
Probably.
That thing is still doing nothing about it.
You got 100 and some items in there.
It'll take a minute.
No, I got 500 and some odd.
Almost a hundred.
James, uh, Jiminy Christmas.
Yeah.
I may have to enjoy writing the middle of reading something here.
Take it to the bathroom with you.
Yeah, I always, uh, that a good place to read where we just got that poem.
That's a great idea.
Mm-hmm.
Just get along, Cord.
Now, let's see.
I did the final day.
And I'm 122.
I read the final on another poem.
And I would read you the new poem only.
I can't open the thing because I can't open my Firefox because I'm stuck.
It's not doing anything.
It's not going to click on the Firefox tab underneath there at the bottom.
It'll probably still open up and, uh, you know, outlawed.
It's just thanking you to do what it's doing.
Go back to that.
I'm going to enjoy.
Just ignore that thing for a while.
I think right on the chair, I'm going to enjoy.
Really?
I'm going to drop a big steaming pile.
Oh, speaking of pile.
Many national.
There's an old, a thousand down, two, oh, six and a half.
Not good.
Well, you know, they got to wait.
They got to wait a few hours till the sun goes down.
And Julie Brumman brings out his tits.
What's the best, what was the best acting performance by a singer?
I'm so glad you came up with Jared Lido.
Yeah, me too.
Frank Sinatra from here to eternity and the Manchurian candidate.
Well, wait a minute.
How come he's got both of them under 19?
What?
Well, yes, two different movies from here to eternity and Manchurian candidate.
19.
Mark Walbert, bookie night 17.
I voted for him.
Great movie.
Yes.
Dwight Yokamah, sling blade, eight ludicrous crash, seven.
Burlives, Katana Hotten, room five.
Burlives, big and fat and dead.
Raymond Burr, big and fat and gay and dead.
I used to boys in a hood, five, Queen Latifa in Chicago, four.
Harry Connick, Jr. Coppacad, four.
Boy, he makes me ill.
He's like one of those old, like you go to see Casino Ramma.
You'd see people like him, you know, old rejects.
You know what I mean?
Old never was his Harry Connick, Jr.
Much to do about nothing.
Elvis Presley and Charo, four.
That was the name of a movie, Charo.
I remember Charo and how it was.
Charo or Taco or something like that.
Charo?
I don't believe that.
But anyways, got four votes.
Madonna, Dick Tracy, three, Eminem, eight mile three.
You don't want to go there.
Boy, I sure used to like Macombos and eight mile road and Detroit,
great Italian food.
Then they turned into a strip bar.
So needless to say, I stopped going.
Jared Lee, the Requiem for a dream, has only got a pair.
Jared's got a pair.
I'd like to see him.
Tina Turner, beyond Thunderdome, one.
Liza Manelli, Arthur I, Barbara Streisand, what's up, Doc?
One.
Diana Ross, Mahogany, and Jerry Reed and the survivors.
And Chris Christoffers and Heavensgate got none out of the first 86 vote.
Okay, let me go back to that thing.
And, uh, oh, it worked.
All right.
It's just because you had so many GD, many of them in there that took that long.
It will not take that long if you don't have that many in there.
Here's one from Al Reed, Ali Reed, BBC News, ask nearly anyone in Lasca,
and they'll tell you that Governor Sarah Palin is a great debater.
If anyone knows the challenge that lies ahead for Senator Joe Biden,
it's Andrew Halcro, 44, who took part in a handful of debates with Mrs. Palin
during a last-vis 2006 GD race.
The one thing I found during the debates was no matter how knowledgeable her opponents were on issues,
it didn't matter, he told at BBC News.
She has an amazing ability to turn a 45 second answer into a folksy story.
She's never been forced to know any issues.
Mr. Halcro said Mrs. Palin's biggest strength is her ability to fill the room with her presence,
but a beep, but a boop, but a bob.
And it goes, boy, this is a long, well, delete.
When in doubt, delete it out.
Paul's suggestion.
What does this mean?
Oh, it says it's crap, it's a syrup, it's a silly pull.
Oh, here's the quarter-shlock guy again who's bugging me.
Delete, delete.
Neil, you need to replace the interface between the keyboard and the chair.
What the hell does that mean?
Say that again.
Neil, you need to replace the interface between the keyboard and the chair.
How'd it be you?
That's almost as funny as Jolly Joe.
Wow, computer joke I never heard before.
No, I heard that one either.
Very funny.
In other words, I'm incompetent as well as trying to say, I think I do pretty good for a dot of it.
You do, Dan.
Well, you're just slightly impatient.
No, I'm very impatient and at least I'm honest about it.
I can't stand people that are impatient and lie about it.
Oh, not me, I'm just like anybody else.
I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like,
will point the
Yeah
It's Dave Lee and Hart,
lessons from a crisis when trust vanishes worry
from somewhere, I don't know, New York Times.
And it's about eight million words,
I'm not gonna read it.
I'm not writing you to hear my own words
read back to me on the air.
I think this article,
hi ever, might be the most accurate succinct description
of what's happened to our economy,
then a piece I've read on the subject.
In case the link doesn't work,
here's the text of the article for your convenience.
Thank you Paul,
but I'm not gonna read it on the air.
It's too long, you're right.
It's very long, long and ponderous.
Suitable intellectual.
Big news on the pull front boy,
Barack Obama's pulling way ahead
in the big states,
including Florida, I'll give you that in a second.
Tease it baby, tease it,
keep them on the edge of their seat,
keep them right on their tippy toes.
The interface needs to be changed.
Pull the dish, needle diamond and the jazz singer.
That's good, I don't like needle diamond,
but that's good, you don't think?
It is good.
Hey, I really don't know.
Wets, W-H-E-T-S,
Georgia's sexual appeal to Rachel Manau.
I mean, I can't tell if she's a little boy or a little girl.
I'm sorry, my what now?
Oh, anyway, let me know if you still have a ticket.
I can acquire George.
No, I don't have any ticket.
Although we can tell you where to find the ticket, ticket, ticket.
Pick it up.
Pick it up.
The best time.
A few days ago, Roger,
Sport Radio 560 QAM,
the fourth leader.
The biggest news, the best talent.
Are you sure?
You're listening to sports Radio 560 WQA?
Are you sure?
I am a sports waterdale.
This is the Neal Roger show.
Who's the toy?
This is your brain.
Any questions?
They're back.
Your favorite Jewish rock and roll nostalgia band.
It's Rasha Shunana with their greatest hits album,
Sack Hop of the Synagogue.
My whereby's that you're gonna touch the surface of baby.
Oh, baby, what are you gonna touch?
Yes, Rasha Shunana is reformed to bring you 12 kosher cuts of Hoppe Hebrew hygiene.
That's good.
That's good.
This album should be in every orthodox rocker's collection.
Rolling Stone gives it five stars of David.
It's Rasha Shunana.
Available at all record stores.
We'll talk right when you get here.
Don't pass over.
The Hebrew.
Love it oh two at 560 WQA and John McCain is pontificating.
Even funding for the operations of the legislative branch itself is not a beep.
But a beep.
And he looks like a dead man with a lot of pancake makeup on.
Somebody says Elvis Presley for a fever last Vegas.
You want to put that on there?
I mean, the idea that Elvis Presley had the greatest home.
See, the poll asks the musical question.
What was the best acting performance?
Right.
By a singer.
Oh, they're gonna answer their own question.
Like what was your favorite movie that a singer was in?
Oh, no, that wasn't the question.
The question is what was the best acting performance by a singer?
In which case, I mean, Markey Mark, oh, look at that Sinatra.
Wow, yeah.
Whatever.
And how come they're both together like that?
Well, that's good because at least he doesn't have two separate entries.
Sinatra 25, Mark Wahlberg, Boogie Knight's 20.
And after that small potatoes that are 116, Gerard Leder's only got two.
How is that possible?
Are these people anti-Semitic or something or what?
How could he only have two votes?
What was the greatest movies of our time?
Or Sarah?
She just wanted to be on television.
She said it just like Alex Petty, and she said it's television.
Remember him?
Well, he was such a nerd.
He was a real nerd.
He drove a meyada.
I mean, yeah, nothing.
There's anything wrong with a meyada, but just the way he said it.
Like television.
He's on serious, by the way.
I'll explain it.
He's being heard all over the world.
Yeah.
I just thought I mentioned that.
Maybe he's got a real agent.
So my add in Elvis for no or no.
No.
Okay.
Viva Las Vegas.
He was no Bob Lincoln.
I'll tell you that.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Remember those trips?
Wow.
Recently, training or tie Democrat Barack Obama now leads Republican John McCain in a trio of the most critical voter rich states.
Five weeks before the election, according to presidential polls results released today.
Today's October one last time I checked.
Wow.
The Democrats support jump to 50% of above in Ohio, Florida, and Pennsylvania and Quinnipiac University surveys taken over the weekend after the opening presidential debate.
And during Monday's dramatic stock market plunge is the House rejected that $700 billion financial bailout plan.
And McCain is pushed to abolish.
Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap.
Combined these states offer 68 of the 270 electoral votes needed for Victory on Election Day November four.
Pulse is attributed Obama's improved standing.
The public's general approval of his debate performance and tipped it towards GOP vice presidential nominees Sarah Palin and heightened confidence in the O'Rourke Senators ability to handle economic crisis.
The press pulling is the latest troublesome turn for McCain who is trying to regain control of the campaign conversation amid increasingly difficult circumstances for Republicans.
It comes on the eve of a debate between Palin and Joe Biden and as the financial crisis shapes the presidential race in unpredictable ways.
The Dow is down 207.
For now and probably for the next month, the race will be entirely about who can best handle an economy in peril.
The war in Iraq, national security, foreign policy issues, McCain's strengths have largely fallen by the wayside as these campaign tries to chart a course to the presidency in extraordinarily choppy economic waters.
The new survey show Obama leading McCain in Florida 51 to 43 percent in Ohio 50 to 42 percent and in Pennsylvania wait until you hear this hold on tight and Pennsylvania 54 to 39 percent.
15 point lead in Pennsylvania.
Since 1960, no president has been elected without winning at least two of these three states.
The results are notable because they show Obama in a strong position in the purest states that put Bush in a White House in 2000 and kept them there four years later, the two states that were stolen Florida and Ohio.
Obama has been struggling to break into a comfortable lead in both states for weeks he's been mostly about even with McCain in Ohio while lagging for months in Florida, even after being the only candidate on the year and spending some eight million dollars in advertising, Pennsylvania is a different story.
Obama is trying to hang out of the state that John Kerry won four years ago though.
McCain is about to stay stif talent as he seeks to benefit from his rival's trouble with working class voters who question his liberal voting record and perhaps his race perhaps.
Right.
And of course these are telephone polls so they don't have cell phones so the younger so he might be ahead about other points because the younger living in Breeding crowd they don't have like regular landline.
Sure.
Why? I said, sure.
Are you sure? Yeah. Are you sure? Sure.
The this guy, I don't know what's wrong with these people. I don't know what's wrong. Did you get my email? Johnny Rivers for the pool. What did Johnny Rivers? What movie? He's singing.
I don't know. This guy twice he sends me the same thing I responded to him. Yes, I did get it. It's old news. I saw I've been there done that and he writes again. Did you get my email and Johnny Rivers for maybe the pool about the beautiful voice? I don't know.
He was an actor in Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club band. That doesn't count. That's his only thing.
He wasn't an actor. That's his only movie had a lot of musicians walking around. Right. That wasn't exactly acting. It wasn't an acting performance. Okay. Hey, I'm not like what it was. He's the only acting credit. This guy that just sent me this email man. I'm going to hunt his ass down. I'm going to hunt you down Larry or whatever your name is.
Let me go back. Deleted items. Lawrence. Oh, and his last name is Renfield. Yeah. And.
Oh, yeah, he just keeps he just keeps emailing the same crap over and over again. Did you get my email? Yadi, yadi, yadi. Yeah. Got it. Not interested. Go away. Go away. Lawrence. Renfield. Crazy person. Crazy person. And if you saw who he was writing me about, then you'd understand another crazy person.
The next level one crazy person. 134 votes on our second poll today, which means we got close to a thousand. We got over 1000 way over.
Because we had 922. Am I right? Right. You betcha. All in. I'm going to tell you what the world is coming to now. This story in the Sun Sentinel, no less than I'm sure the hell probably is on top of it too.
This is what makes news in the USA. This is what makes news on the Sun Sentinel website. Report Ricky Williams says he was briefly tempted to smoke marijuana again last weekend.
This is a news story, ladies and gentlemen. This is a new story.
What? It's funny.
Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, Ricky. Everybody, everybody.
It's enough to leave you limp. Ricky, wake him says he was briefly tempted to smoke marijuana during the
weekend. He told a hero for all the air from the
Sun Sentinel stole us from the hero. For yesterday's additions that when players were given Friday off automatically your mind, which is so
constrained since training camp again says, I'm free. What can I do? So there was definitely an urge. He said, but I just thought about what I have to
lose and it was easy. The urge didn't last very long. There's no space. No wiggle room for me. Wiggle this Ricky. You simple than you idiot.
This is a news story in the hero in the Sun Sentinel. And what do I take the other day about? We need a real newspaper in South Florida. You did say that.
Oh my God. This is the kind of shine arrived that the people listen to these sports stations. That's the kind of crap they would be interested in.
Oh, you're wrong. That's really heavy duty stuff. Poor Ricky. He's a troubled guy. You know, he likes to smoke the news. In fact, you know something that
may be good idea. Ricky roll up both newspapers and smoke a big gigantic one. Smoke appear. That's a news story. Yeah. That would be like having a whole
page like on page three of all the names of the dogs that weren't lost this week. Yeah. That's right.
Well, the names of the children who aren't missing. This is news news. And you know when the public is like, I get all this
little bit swill on my email thing here. Oh, I see Lawrence didn't send any more of that crap away. Maybe did. No. Jessica Simpson in the dukes of hazard. Well, it says she looked good.
That was a great acting performance. Let me read. Let me read you the poll question one more time. Okay. All right. As if what was the best acting performance by a singer?
Not who looked good. Not who you like to hop on your bones. Not like that. Now where's Jared Lito? Is he still got only two votes?
I'm going to be pissed off. No, he's got four now. Still embarrassingly weak. What about El Martino? Get it on there. El Martino with Godfather, right? Yeah.
El Martino with Godfather. You cannot block the man. What's the matter for you? You don't you don't agree with that? I do agree. I mean, he was arguing with us. Not that he had like that big of a part.
No, but the less you spend time with your family. He made the most of it. He was a man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man. And he looks at Santina without. Of course, I know just finished banging that really.
I'm really a tight and bitch up against the door there. I'm not always. Yeah, I think your brains are going so much comedy with that.
I'm a girl. The best talent. The best is your rejects. Forty-two five sixty-qu a.m. The fourth leader. Yeah. The sports leader. Oh, God.
Well, it gets a would be nice to test be clean for one day. But I don't want to go a day without a tranquil feel. I take a daily dose twice.
I'm sad it is we could we no wonder they discovered me. Scissors with my head like a filler one but still when we are know when I've had to wear these and I
especially when my face is on the floor. Oh, I might need some time off from drug dealers. Can I get a mail nurse baby if I visit ready for the boy got to stay baked.
I got to stay baked. Oh, I got to stay fake to bake to bake. I got to stay baked to bake to bake to bake.
Seven seventeen at five sixty WQ a.m. Happy October one happy new year. Happy old year happy whatever you got happy.
Here's one that says I'd like to vote for Jamie Foxx for his performance in Ray for those who remember him as a comedian. He only turned a comedy after graduating from Berkeley with his music degree and failing to initially land a gig.
He has since had multi platinum albums and has won a Grammy so I think he qualifies has won Grammys O.N.E. not W.O.N. O.O. O.N.E. I hope he passes your test. P.S. that story on Ricky believe it or not made the front page on Yahoo this morning and is still a story on Yahoo sports page George has been to the origin himself. It says LOL.
Oh God. That would be like coach soprano had a wild bowel movement this morning woke up at three thirty in the morning and had wicked diarrhea you know that's a story.
That's a news story Ricky had the urge. It's a circle. It is pathetic.
Zaire Tragic. Anyway Zaire got Troggish. Joe Gerard says it sounds like the poll for the day includes only solo artists in that case I would suggest Judy Garland for the Wizard of Oz by the way.
I don't know if you know that Elvis movie I googled it. Wow I never heard of it. I need it.
If you include groups I would say beetles for a hard days night. No. You go along with that? No. No. Judy Garland Wizard of Oz. Somewhere over. Okay. Scott says this is a hilarious.
Now it's interesting that everybody who emails me different stuff jokes and stuff. Oh this is the funniest one ever and then you read it like what oh my God.
This is a good one given the state of the economy these days subject investments best investments. If you had purchased a thousand dollars worth of shares and delta airlines a year ago you'd have forty nine dollars today.
If you purchased a thousand dollars shares and a I G year ago you'd have thirty three dollars today. If you purchased a thousand shares of Lehman Brothers year ago you'll have nothing today.
But if you purchase a thousand dollars worth of beer a year ago drank all the beer then turned in the aluminum cans for recycling refund you would have received two hundred and fourteen dollars.
Based on the above the current best investment plan is to drink heavily in recycle it's called the 401 keg.
A recent study found that the average American walks about nine hundred miles a year another study found that Americans drink on average twenty two gallons of booze a year that means that average Americans get about forty one miles to the gallon makes you proud to be an American.
Says this is hilarious that's what Scott said. Did you think it was hilarious? No. Did you think it was like amusing even? No. No. Are you a Chris? Did you think it was hilarious? No. Did it amuse you? A little.
Was it it did barely didn't amuse me at all. Pretty weak Scott weak material weak really weak but keep keep plugging away.
Let's see if we got anything in there. Oh yeah. Yeah the quarter slot guy just keeps sending it. What's up buddy? What's up? I'm going to keep deleting it. Not even interested. Oh, in this guy.
Please promote the dogs tag for kids dot com. Neil. Please promote it. It's a totally nonprofit organization that produce at no cost of soldiers dog tags for them to send home to their kids so they can have that special spiritual connection with their parents across the ocean.
Oh, it's supported by the VFW. That kind of soures me right off the bat. Don says please Neil and Georgia word would mean so much for so many.
Dog tags for kids dot com. I'm clicking on the link that he put on here. Okay. See what it is. All right. And you know what? What? It's not it's not doing anything.
It's not going anywhere. It's not doing anything. Well, there you go. You got your word. In fact, it just throws up my computer. Oh, there you go. No, you're right. I'm not patient. Now there it is dog tags for kids dot com.
And it's got some picture of some little kid. And it's got some soldier here with two little kids. There you go. There you go. Don. No extra charge. Delete. Okay.
Oh, and now I can't get back to my name. Jesus. There we go. Too much heavy duty work. This is too much like work. This email me. Neil at neorages dot com. By the way, and if you're waiting for phone calls, don't hold your breath. That's my best suggestion for your home or the loans you need to buy a car or send your children to college.
Iraq is in lacrosse Wisconsin. Pretty heavy duty about the way he's opening up to gigantic polls. They must realize the McCain is a dottering fool. And they're just waiting for tomorrow night for Sarah. Oh, speaking of tomorrow night, Brent, but ask you on the smirking chimpscott a calm here. It's short. It's good. Perhaps if Sarah Palin does not drool and fall on conscience during the debate, the media will credit her with a good performance. Then again, maybe not. Then again, maybe she'll battle in coherently with ridiculous bromides that don't make sense, which is what happened in the few interviews she's given. McCain should have chosen to
be a keen affavorites president. What's truly amazing is that phase brilliant spoof of Palin use her exact words as comedy. John McCain made the blunder of the century, picking somebody he didn't even know, whose knowledge base falls below that a freshman members of Congress on simple issues, let alone hard issues. Her mumbling and bumming about how her national security experience with Alaska close to Russia was weird and coherent and ridiculous. Her mumbling and bumming about the economic crisis was a jumble of cliches and talking points that didn't fit together even make minimal sense. She sounded like the village idiot, even on a hundred
percent predictable and easy questions to be devastated by Katie Kirk is ridiculous and somebody in her position can't afford to be made to look ridiculous. My biggest concern is her repeated lie that she killed the bridge to know where when it is now documented with proof positive from every source that her claim is indeed a lie. It's alarming that anyone who could succeed to the presence he would have such contempt for the truth and for voters that she keeps repeating a proven demonstrable lie just what American needs in her president, right? Palin's false claims about earmarks.
The next Palin's extreme abuse of power in Alaska followed by Nixon-like claims of executive privilege and rove-like vendettas and cover-ups make her a walking parody of Dick Cheney.
The Sarah Palin choice was a fiasco a mega disaster rapidly turning into a farce. This person was so is so manifestly unqualified and so obviously ignorant, even on major issues that have been on front pages for years, that it is nothing short of alarming that she could succeed to the presidency.
Of course the lunatic right-wing base of the Republican Party adores her but for everyone else from independent voters to Reagan Democrats from high-level Republicans to a growing list of conservative commentators, the Palin choice was a ridiculous farce and a genuine danger to the nation.
John McCain increasingly looks like an angry, emotional hyperpartisan and reckless gambler who could even be more dangerous than George Bush's president.
His ridiculous intervention in the bailout talks was a farce. His claiming credit for the bill passing at the moment that it was being defeated was comic opera.
The choice of Sarah Palin was a farce for his campaign and an insult to men and women alike. Amen, says Brent Pinnowsky, I'm a smircling chimp.
An insult, hockey mom from Alaska, my ass. He could have gone out to a shopping mall and just tapped some bitch on a shoulder and said, hey, you want to be my VP?
And she just said, uh-huh, like that. Just it's just incredible. Isn't it? It is. That too. How about David Boy in the man who fell to worth this Brian? Hey, you like it? Sure.
I thought he did a better job in, um, and now I can't think of it. Vampire movie.
Vampire movie? Yeah. Good one. He's got the teeth. He's got the teeth for one of the few vampire movies. And now I can't think of it. I'm going to brain fart. It's because I have to go to the bathroom. Dragula? No.
Oh, I got to go to IMDV. That was down to 140. Now it's making a comeback.
The hunger. Are you going to Google the hunger? The hunger? The hunger? The hunger?
What's Susan Sarandon and Catherine De Nile? The Humper?
The best talent. You know, there's no Roger. Forty-eight. Sixty-six. E-Q-A-M. The fourth leader.
Warren Shabbard.
Ringsip every Friday from five to five thirty. With a mad dog, Jim Hendrix. A part of football Friday of drag.
She on Forty-eight, five sixty. E-Q-A-S. E-A-M. The football. Always mad.
Hey, this is Dan Reno.
He's no hero. He's gone and it's fucking amazing. Come down my hammock.
Join me every Monday morning from eight to nine with a big dog. The sex and business systems Dan Reno showed.
Monday mornings eight to nine. Sports Radio five sixty. E-Q-A-M. The football. Always mad.
Like a nice skim, no whiff latte. Hey, you're the red defender, right? Yes. I saw you in the paper. You saved your runaway train. That's right. So shouldn't you be out saving something?
I already stopped the bank ice this morning. Evil doesn't take a break. Can I sit down for a second?
Hey, dial back the caffeine, man.
Saving the world isn't easy. Saving a life is one pint of blood can save up to three lives. Go to bloodsames.com.
A public service message brought to you by the Art Council.
Okay, look at those numbers.
Woo! Look at those numbers! Yeah! Can you believe we get paid to do this? It's only Monday.
It's only Monday. Excited about what you do? Or pass it on.
As a junior achievement volunteer, you can bring your enthusiasm to the classroom and give a few kids a little something extra to get excited about.
Their future. Share a little something of yourself. Be a J-A volunteer.
For information on how you can get involved, log on to J-A.org.
Place your hand in your heart. Measure the beats.
One. Two. Three. Four. Five.
That's how long it takes to protect your child's life. Five heart beats.
That's how long it takes to learn about the dangers of pesticides that could be found in your child's classroom.
Asma, lower IQ scores and cancer have all been linked to prolonged exposure to these toxins.
But if you knew there were toxin-free alternatives to pesticides, if you knew you had a voice regarding their use,
if you knew you could take action that would make your child's classroom safe today,
wouldn't you do something? In a heartbeat.
Log on to urshare.org today and find out how you can help.
A public service message brought to you by Urshare and the Art Council.
If you made for Big O Show, then you mess mess mess mess mess.
TV Young joining us here on the Metro PCS Sports Line.
Code forthole. The size of the grid shoes that I think you like, that is.
But we'll see how that plays out by Greaves. You can come in. Give them stability.
For some reason why Miami doesn't get off the path to kids.
So you really can find a quarterback that can kick you off the back. That is good.
It will end as a big O or Landoo Elzer Gary.
We have an ounce, 2 to 4.
Sports Radio 560, QAM.
Log on to wqam.com for your chance to win $1,000.
It's Aero Land o'clock, beat the broadcasters featuring Joe Rose.
Make your picks weekly throughout the season for your chance at the $1,000 grand prize.
From Aero Land o'clock, play fantasy football online at wqam.com for your chance to win $500.
Big O is hosting QAM's fantasy football game delivered by Topshown.
Set your roster weekly. The highest one week score over the course of the season wins the $500 grand prize.
From Papa John and Sports Radio 560, QAM.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
Here's Dan Marino.
You know what, bitches on your thing.
There are no form planters, there's no bitches, they beg you up and what?
Well, some of the cogs said you know what's nice about this team.
I don't have any bitches on this team.
I got nice artwork, thing guys. No bitches.
It's the big dog Joe Rose, weekday morning 7 o'clock.
Sports Radio 560, QAM.
The Sports Leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
Here's the big O.
More Land o'clock, Gary.
Mornings 5 to 7.
Sports Radio 560.
QAM.
The Sports Leader.
Hello.
Neil.
I think we're experiencing some technical difficulties.
And George is not currently here right now, so this should be fun.
Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future.
Act strange and people will leave you alone.
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience.
Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst.
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crispsies and sing feelings while the kernels go snap crackle and pop.
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much.
Lick, a stranger.
Tell them you're from Bosnia and your country to sign a respect.
Take lots of pills.
One of them might work.
Occasionally ask a stranger they've heard anything from Lewis.
Be annoying.
During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk.
Mone a funeral.
Play Go Fetch with a C&I dog while he's working.
Run naked through a mall yelling, kill her bees, kill her bees.
Say the word titty without smiling.
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies.
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries, then try to make a run for it.
Disappear for great lengths of time.
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog is still eating your homework.
Ask Mark McGuire, he'll take a million dollars for one of his balls.
Try to find the secret to care atop success.
Understand your conception was an accident.
Your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Take a bobcastis and toss them on the lawn next door.
Go on a car trip with bobcastis and force of the stainless car.
What's the story?
I'm here with you now.
You hear me?
No.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness.
Are you there now?
Yes.
Okay, there you are.
As you're coming out of the break, all you're getting from you was a bifsy boops.
Really?
Yes, that's what we just said a quick reset over here.
I sent you a fax.
I'll be damned.
And George is on the crapper.
I called him.
He's in there.
I do one another.
Correct.
Power back now.
Well, I got a...
That's okay.
Is George Bacchers?
He's still joising.
No, he's still joising.
He's rejoicing, huh?
Yeah.
Love us, free joys.
That was kind of scary.
Come out of the ring.
All of a sudden, I hear you playing some bizarre.
And I'm screaming, screaming.
Yeah, and all I hear is...
Like that?
Like that?
Yep.
Sounds like sabotage to me.
Let's see.
Here's a fax.
We are not hearing anything from you.
We're resetting the connection.
Is that from you?
Correct.
Oh, don't leave long pauses like that.
You idiot.
God.
I want to go close the door.
Don't close the door.
Just sit there and until a...
Jorge comes back.
Well, we're all good now, hopefully.
Jesus.
Yeah, I know, Brandon.
Leave me alone.
We got issues.
As usual.
We got technical...
QAM technical issues.
Everything is fine on this end.
Wasn't here.
Yeah, I don't know what it was.
Because when we looked at the connection here, everything looked fine.
And it's like, he's like, well, is he talking?
Because I'm not seeing anything coming from him.
I go, dude, all we're hearing is like bips and beef from him.
He's like, well, I was like, reset the connection.
He's like, well, does he know we're going to do that?
I go, I don't care.
Just reset the thing.
I'm telling you now.
And there it is.
It was on your end.
Somebody's in there farting around.
Probably Joe Bell.
Probably Joe Bell went into engineering and farted.
Oh, Jorge's back.
Yeah, I told you.
I thought that I had two on deck.
Earlier on.
Two on Drek.
Yeah.
So Hank just says...
Goldberg.
Hank.
Hank Goldberg's in the building.
Yeah.
He's in the bullpen talking to people.
Don't ask me about what?
Because I was like running.
Is he coming back?
Running past the bullpen?
I said, don't ask me about what?
Because I was running past the bullpen.
But he said, hey, Joe Bell.
He's going to be in Toronto this weekend.
Really?
So before he gets out of the building, why don't I get his particular?
Maybe he wants to talk to you.
Yeah, that would be nice.
Maybe we can go have lunch.
He can buy me lunch.
For a change.
Somebody else buy a new lunch?
Yeah, that's right.
He buy me and we'll get rumored to come up too.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
So how's the hump are looking?
He looks fine.
What's he doing in the building?
I don't know.
I ran past, you know, that's not a expression.
I was in full run when I ran.
You had the runs?
Well, I thought I smelled it.
Why can't I go into that?
Too deeply?
No, I don't.
But.
Chox says, how about Olivia Newton, John, and E. L.O. in the movie, Zander?
Oh, boy.
These are the ones that I'm going to do.
These people are the ones that I'm going to do.
How about John Travolta?
Yeah, there you go.
Speaking of singers.
Oh, yeah.
That's me, or a singer.
You're going to make me play his music now.
Here's one that says, Dan, you're right, Neil.
Manno is trying to be Keith.
No kidding.
She wants to be Keith Obermann light or Keith Obermann duke,
or whatever she wants to be.
She blows.
I try, I try watching her because I watch Obermann most every night
if I'm home.
And I leave it on and I just look and I think,
how come like a little, a little bit of lipstick
and put some lipstick on it, Piggin?
Maybe some nail polish, you know?
Maybe your hands wouldn't look so manly if she had like a little nail polish.
Let me just look at where white gloves.
Well, what is that all about?
Is that the pasty, dike?
Look, what is that?
I don't know.
I mean, we already know she's out of the closet.
That's fine.
Congratulations, you're a dike.
You're wonderful.
But, I mean, you have to like go overboard to prove it.
We believe you.
Here's one from Rick, who says,
I love the new email format for the show,
keeps the ass clowns off the ear.
I really did like the old format of taking calls, screenless.
I can't stand when talk show is screened the phone calls.
I can't either.
It seems like all the other talk shows, local and national,
and let the same ten callers on here every day.
That's right.
First, they let them identify themselves,
and then you know that they know who the car.
Oh, I haven't heard from you in a long time.
Eddie from Nina, Mnashia, Wisconsin.
Oh, and Larry King, what the hell do you have on a couple nights ago?
Wakesha, Wisconsin, Wakesha.
He called it Wakesha, Wisconsin.
Hey, Larry, you're an idiot.
Uh-huh.
Then the show becomes more about them instead of the host in the days topic.
That's right, because callers to talk shows want to be,
they want to be the center of attention.
They want to be the stars.
What are the characters?
I'm your friend.
Like that.
I mean, how many times do we can you reach you from Bore's head,
Stormcat, or Mark the Jetspan, call the damn radio station?
It's a shame that a couple of jobless crazy people,
Ron and Dumba, ruined the great thing you guys had.
Now, it wasn't great.
Paul suggestion, who is the mole from 790, the ticket, I'm QAM?
Josh D, Zach K, the sales manager, Jo Bell, and Miguel.
All of these things.
It says everybody across the street loves him, pay back as a bitch.
Well, this has got to be from across the street.
I reckon.
Yeah.
Well, good luck to you.
You'll need it.
You think we got to us, which we do?
Rudy says, man, I love your pulpit.
You neglected Paul McCartney or John Lennon.
How about Bob Marley?
Oh, that was for the greatest voice, the beautiful voice.
Too late.
Too late.
Oh, yeah, these must be old.
These must be from what I still had the yesterday's pool up there.
Hey, Neil, you had to add Amy Lee from Evernessons to the pool.
Also, Terry Basio from Brill, what is it?
I can't wait.
Missing persons.
No.
Well, that's the group that Terry Basio is in.
Well, that's not what he's got here.
Okay.
Merlin.
Terry Basio is the drummer.
It's Dale that's the singer.
Terry Nunn from Berlin.
Terry Nunn from Brill, where is it?
Terry Basio from Berlin.
Well, they're confused.
Two of the most beautiful voices ever.
Also very hot-looking.
Another thing, Julio Eglaceus and Luis Parallas will bury Luis Miguel
where he stands.
Who knows Luis Parallas?
I don't know.
And Julio Eglaceus sucks.
Much better vocals and way better songs,
and closing calls, calls we want calls.
Oh, yeah, figures.
You seem like the kind of moron I once dared.
Champa.
The biggest name.
Well, get a little better.
Count by your little Rogers.
Fortnight, you'll find a unique way.
The perfect fort, leader.
Neil Rogers.
George Michael screwed up again.
A restaurant for pineapple cake.
The bearded freak is lost his brains.
He's always on the bloody train.
He did my drugs and made his men.
Who he pays to do dirty things.
In bathrooms, walls with dangling.
That's the way that he swings.
He can't help himself.
Cause to survive his wealth.
He acts like a suck out on the streets.
Once us to forgive, he's helped us cut him.
He's broke from a row one month,
and I'll hold down, maybe, please.
And it happened once again.
He could wind up in the pen.
He'll be surrounded by men.
He could blow away from 5 to 10.
George, you're popping your clenazza fam.
Followed by a tube diazza fam.
Just like when you were in wind.
George, he just keeps firing up his bones.
Even though he knows it is wrong.
Just like a quote that got it wrong.
Always in trouble.
The guy with the bull.
If he's not careful, he'll wind up dead.
He needs a brother.
Or one good lover.
To keep him up the jumps.
So he is not a big co-cat.
The money fires up his bones.
Even though he knows it's wrong.
Just like a quote that got it wrong.
That's the end of our song.
Love him 46, 14, he'll know in a WQ AM.
Now interestingly, I've got a...
I just don't believe.
I hang on.
I've got an email from the Humper.
Okay.
Well, why would he be sending an email when he wasn't in the building?
He wouldn't be.
So it's obviously not him.
And you're going to be getting lots of emails from lots of famous people.
Probably even the ones that have died.
Well, I've been listening and recently you saw him great.
I'm so happy to be out of that right and festive.
Bug and festive.
WQ AM building, you have no idea.
Be good on Colonyl.
So he's hanged allegedly.
The fake Hank Olberg.
I didn't give him...
What?
I did give him your cell number.
He said he would call you.
Really?
Yes.
Well, he's not here for a job.
He's going to be in Toronto for a racing thing.
Yeah.
Some sort of horse racing thing.
And he'll call you.
My commitment would buy.
I...
Well, that's where he'll be if it's for a horse racing thing.
He'll be a wood buy.
I had the tour, but a 678, the 8-horse broke and the 6 fell down on the track and a driver went rolling under the infield.
Vicki says just a quick suggestion for the poor.
Bet Midler and the Rose says Vicki.
What do you say?
Sure.
Absolutely.
I think she won an award or something.
Robyn says, how about Sharon Moonstruck?
What was that other movie?
Sure it was in with the kid with a disfigured face.
Mask.
Mask?
What if we put that on there too?
If you wish, I don't care.
Share.
No.
Whatever.
She's a fine actress.
Sure.
Oh.
Not a fine singer, but...
Who?
You're going to make you play some share music.
No, don't do it.
You're good.
Now, let's see.
Here's a guy that...
Well, everybody's got a thing.
But Mark and Miami is right.
He says, who's doing the names on the poll today?
Fat Chris.
White Yoke him is spelled incorrectly.
And Bougie and I two spelled Bougie with an E.Y instead of an I.E.
All right, those weren't me either.
Oh, that was Eric.
Oh, no, that was...
That was Eric.
That was Eric, just copying off whoever that's Sean and Hollywood who's illiterate.
But don't knock it.
Sean gave us two good polls for two days.
Thanks, Sean, even if you're illiterate.
And, Mark says, Gerard Lido should not be on the poll.
He's an actor who is now singing, not a singer who began acting.
Excellent point.
Nick Pekki.
No, he...
People don't know how long Gerard Lido has been in, you know, into music.
He could have been in a band his whole life and had just now gotten popular.
Was he one of the boys in the band?
Maybe.
Eda Sandwich, Gerard, you look awfully skinny.
Awfully slim.
Oh, palen.
You people who sent me this stuff, these links, just jam it.
Save it.
Save it.
Oh, God, here's one.
I'm going to print this out.
Seriously, the stuff...
I mean, the calls we know what they are, they're crap.
It's the same for people over and over again, spewing crap.
But the stuff that comes out on here, like the thing about the play by play,
oh, don't be so modest, Neil, you were the greatest play by play, broadcaster,
when you did their hori-kains, yeah, right.
Get a freaking life already.
Will you please get a life?
Enough of the sucking already.
God.
It's one thing I'll say about King, as much as I just can't stand his butt-sucking routine.
Is that when they call up his show and they give that song then,
oh, hi, whoever the guest is, you know, I just love you.
What's the question?
Which he's got a good point.
Quit kissing ass and just ask the question, it's boring.
It's time wasting and it's boring.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
I just love your show.
First time listener, long time caller.
Because, like I said yesterday, and I'll say it again,
most people are pretty dumb.
Dumb, dumb.
Here's the one that got me going.
Neil, if you were to go to another radio organization,
where would you be willing to go or something circus at the queue?
Would you just walk away from the biz?
I can't.
Or after something circus at the queue, what does that mean?
I don't even know.
Should I go back to it? Is it worth it?
No.
Just mentioning and curious.
Please leave the caller's off.
They all come from the same mother and don't even know it.
Greg, listen every day.
Oh, but I'd be willing to go to another.
I'm not going anywhere, okay?
I'm here.
I'm here.
Such as it is.
How come this printed out three times?
You hit it three times.
I don't know what you're talking about, Greg.
You make a no sense.
You're like, mumble, mumbo, jumbo, gumbo.
Dumbo.
Dave says, how about leave on helm and drummer from the band
and coal miner's daughter?
He was in movies.
Coal miners' daughter.
Okay, there you go.
No.
And although not for this poll, see this is the kind of stuff I get.
It's just, I don't know what it'll laugh or cry or put my head between my knees and just squish it.
Not for this poll of performance, I'll never forget, was seeing Liberace starring in the 60s Batman TV show
as twin brothers, one good, one bad.
It was really something, Dave said.
I remember that.
Remember it?
Danny Williams says, I wonder if Danny is from Hawaii five.
Oh, wasn't that his name?
Dana?
Look at him, Danny Williams.
That's right.
Danny says, long time first time.
I think the beautiful male voice characteristics different from a beautiful female voice.
The poll should have been separated male and female.
No.
Please use a combat, here's the best part.
Please use a combo of live calls and emails to give the show a good, well-rounded appeal.
Love the show, Danny.
Anything else?
Danny?
Anything else we can do for you, Danny?
Any other instructions?
Which hand should I wipe with, Danny?
My right or my left?
And where should I stick the used paper, Danny?
How about in your rectum face?
God, love the show, but try to take a well-rounded combo of calls and emails.
Well-rounded combo of calls.
Place, place.
I need help.
I know what program these people are listening to.
I have no idea what they've been listening to for weeks and days and months.
I don't know.
There are no calls.
There are only idiots.
Brian says, don't kill me, but I'll vote for Robin Zander, lead singer of cheap trick.
Oh, that was, that was, I guess, the beautiful voice.
Too late.
All right.
And then Brian says, with all the news these last few weeks, how can any halfway intelligent person still vote for the McCain, pale, and ticket?
Well, halfway intelligent doesn't even come close.
They can't.
You want to take a look at the poll as it is?
Maybe this isn't such a good poll.
Not as good as the one yesterday.
About the beautiful voice.
The Dow is down just 103 points now.
It's making a little bit of a comeback.
It's sliding back to maybe under 100.
And of course the Senate's going to vote tonight on the bailout.
When a doubt bail us out, 244 votes on the poll.
Who was the, what was the best acting performance by a singer?
Not the best singing performance by an actor.
We could do that though.
All right.
The best singing performance by an actor.
Anyway, it right right off the bat right from the top.
It makes no sense because Sean has got two of them on here for Frank Sinatra.
From here to eternity, a man cheering candidate.
46.
There's two different, will be two different performances.
Sean.
Mark Walbert, Vogueenites, which now is spelled correctly.
Nice going Eric 31.
Dwight Yokem, slingblade 18.
Spell wrongly.
Ludicrous crash 17.
Neil Diamond, the jazz singer related edition 13 on Russia, Sean and Rolex.
Ice Cube, boys in the hood 13.
Queen Latifish, Chicago 11.
Jared Lito, record me for Dream 10.
He was a singer who was an actor before he was a singer before he was.
Browives, Katynahattenruth Nihayn, Harry Connick Jr.,
Copycat 8.
Elvis Parchadro 8.
Garof an era Brandon, I'm trying to read the name poll.
Go away.
Yeah, Michael Jackson in the Wiz.
Get out of here.
M&M 8 mile 7.
Tina Turner, beyond 100 dome 6.
Liza Menelli, Arthur 6.
What was that horrible movie with James Woods?
Video Drome.
Oh, what was that?
What?
With Liza Menelli.
Liza Menelli with Arthur 6.
Now I was just thinking about James Woods.
How bad he is.
Madonna with Dick Tracy 6.
Barbara Streisand, what's up Doc 5?
Al Martino and the Godfather 4.
David Boy the man who fell to earth 2.
Shira Madonna, what?
Madonna.
Shira Moonstruck 1.
Ben Midler the Rose 1.
Diana Ross Mahogany 1.
Jerry Reed the Survivors 1.
And Chris Christopherson, Heaven's Gate.
Chris Christopherson has got one, although we don't want to see it.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're missing your projects.
Sport radio 5.
60 QAM.
Think.
Fourth leader.
Right.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Right.
You're listening to sports radio 5.
60 WQAM.
My name is Miami for Lutterdale.
Where are?
It beat at 12 to 1 hour.
On WQAM.
I'm so old my friends.
Another birthday's come around my friends.
I celebrate my sit-around token with my friends.
And I can't wait to roll another one again.
Yes, I'm old my friends.
But it's that wacky can't best my friends.
If someone makes so willy, it feels so young again.
And I can't wait to roll another one again.
I'm so old my friends.
But I still like the weed that sets me sideways.
I go Mexican.
It's planted right up at the side of my driveway.
Doing it my way.
Yes, I'm old my friends.
But I can turn my brain to toast again.
So grab a ball and pour your fat one up my face.
And I can't wait to roll another one again.
I can't wait for another birthday again.
All right.
Now let me see.
What does a poll say?
You guys drive us again?
Well, no, because they're saying,
Shera didn't sing in those movies.
And she was this in Yadi-Yadi-Yadi.
She didn't sing in those movies.
I didn't think that was a requirement.
Most of these people didn't sing in those movies.
Well, the best acting performance by a singer.
We're not asking who's saying the best in a movie.
What was the best acting performance by a singer?
Is the poll question used simple things?
Jesus, got Almighty.
Oh.
Seriously, I wish you could see some of the stuff that comes in on here.
Oh, what do you mean you wish I could see?
Well, that's right.
You can read it for Yars.
Oh.
Jennifer Hudson and Dreamgirl somebody says.
Okay.
Justin Tinkerbell and an alpha.
Oh.
No.
Here we go.
Hey, name a singer who was in a movie.
That's right.
I was just going to say that.
Name a singer who was in a movie.
That's what they're saying.
Not the best acting performance by a singer.
Just name a singer.
How about Frankie Avallon and Beach Club?
Like a big girl.
There you go, right.
Pick a beach girl.
You're like Frankie Avallon.
He was running around and getting all those beach blanket movies.
Oh, yeah.
With the net-fooned cello.
Mm-hmm.
Wow.
He was a cutesy.
He couldn't sing with a crap.
Hey, weeness.
Remember that song weeness?
Yep.
What else did Frankie Avallon do?
You got Frankie Avallon and you were a pilot?
You know it.
All of it.
You name it.
I'll play it.
Venus by Frankie Avallon.
And then there's Venus by Shocking Blue, which is a little bit better.
It's different.
Yeah, it's a rocky rolling as opposed to Venus.
The Venus.
You got it?
Yeah, I'm trying to fire it off.
That's slow.
There we go.
There we go.
Frankie Avallon, man.
He looked pretty good and disposed off.
He could have sing a lick.
Would he have sure put a lick in his word?
I don't know.
Oh, that was just quite a...
Even Ricky Tickley couldn't cut that one up.
Where do we do this one?
Oh, I don't know if that means.
I'll lie.
What?
Why?
Why?
Oh, you beat me too.
Still, still.
Why?
I think he was.
I love you.
Oh, did he sing or what?
No.
He was no tab 100.
That's what Tony Perkins said.
All right.
Can I get back to my show here or what?
Are you going to be playing this damn music?
What else did he have?
That was a...
That was it.
That was a medley of his...
That was a...
Frankie Avallon?
Boy, he sure looked good and naked.
Anyway, Liz says, I'm so glad you switched from phones to email.
Brilliant.
It raises the level of conversation tremendously.
That's right, because we're not talking about morons just amongst their...
Us three morons.
Well, Chris, of course, fat Chris, you don't have much to say.
Yeah, well, you know.
Keep it that way.
Don't start getting the idea that I want you to like...
Like, like, flee, you know.
Oh, flee.
Friday, flee is going to be on with George.
Yep.
Now, they know that I'm not going to be on on Friday.
Oh, hey, Neil's not going to be here Friday.
I got issues on Friday.
I got things I have to take care of.
Personal...
Taking a personal day.
I got issues I got to deal with.
I'll fire off the email right now.
I'll fire off the thing you got and all kinds of stuff going on.
Here's one for the poll.
Eddie Murphy and Dream Girls.
I liked all of the actor singers in that film.
Jennifer Hudson and Beyonce were also great.
Thanks to Megan for all her many years of enjoyment.
Much love to you and George, his liars.
Thanks liars.
Eddie Murphy and Dream Girls are going to put him on there.
He bugs me.
Can we really call him a singer, though?
Just because he cut a record.
Listen.
Whatever.
I don't care.
No.
No, don't put him on there.
You're right.
Sorry, Liz.
He bugged me when he got to the point where he decided he was a singer.
He was an actor.
He was a comedian.
He was a singer.
Everybody said, Faa.
I'm not far ready with him.
That's what they said.
Faa.
On Russia's show nonetheless, they said, Faa.
Genug.
Here's an interesting poll idea from Becky.
Where we sure got a lot of ladies on the emails as opposed to on the phone.
Thank God for that.
We got a few ladies.
Listen.
There's 10 or 20.
Don't know if you've done this one before and I'm sure we have not.
Who's the movie psychobitch that you were most happy to see die?
Glenn Close and Fatal Attraction.
This is the list she's got so far.
Piper Laurie, the crazy mom and Carrie.
They're all going to laugh at you.
Is the line.
Right.
Mrs. Voorhees, Jason.
Jason's mom and Friday of 13th.
Evelyn Draper played by Jessica Walters.
Clint Eastwood's stalker and playmasty formats.
My personal favorite she says who I would have killed myself.
Becky says Evelyn.
Number Evelyn.
Sure do.
Faye Dunnoway, Joan Crawford and Mommy Durist.
What about what's your name they played in the...
What the hell is that movie?
With a hand that rocks the cradle.
Over back in the morning.
Rebeca de Mourney.
Who looked just like swillery on a good day.
Did she die in the end?
I don't remember.
I don't want to spoil movie endings for you.
But that one's so old anyway.
Yeah, I think that's what happened.
But yeah, I don't remember a long time ago.
Now who else was in that movie?
Because I remember the wife of her.
Oh, I can't believe it.
As Mataq and she hit all her inhalers, you know, as she was like...
Like on a point when she passed out.
I forget that bitch's name.
Mercedes Rool or something like that.
I don't know.
Who?
I'm going to look it up.
Mercedes McAembridge?
Yeah.
She wasn't that old.
Chris is looking it up.
Thanks, Becky.
It's a good poll.
Your loyal Lesbo archive listener.
Oh, we got a Lesbo out there.
Hope she's not in the mail.
Annabella.
That's your.
Oh, okay.
Who?
Annabella's your.
See, all the Lesbians are going to be pissed off
of me because I'm not going to Rachel Maddow.
I don't care if she's a diker what she is.
I just don't like her show.
She's a very weak imitation of Keith Obrerman.
But Joe Biden...
Oh, we missed the part where Lloyd Benson said, you know,
John Kennedy was a friend of mine.
You know, you know, you know John Kennedy today in Quail.
I had that PO to look on his face.
Like he didn't know what a screamer or a swallow banana.
Remember that, Lloyd Benson?
He's dead.
Who?
Lloyd Benson.
No relation to Robbie Benson.
Somebody suggested Robbie Benson for the poll.
Robbie Benson was a singer.
I mean, I know he was like an abandoned or something,
but that's where a singer, Robbie Benson.
They just don't get it.
In one-on-one, that was a great acting performance.
School supplies.
School supplies.
I mean, yeah, he was cutesy.
You know, the one problem was 86.
He looked like he was 15.
Granted, he was practically playing herself,
a drug addicted bisexual slut,
but Courtney Love was excellent in the people versus Larry Flint.
You want to put that on there?
I've heard this, actually, yes.
Courtney Love.
You never saw the movie?
The people versus Larry Flint?
Not the whole thing.
It's good.
Also, Diana Ross' best performance was not a Mahogany,
but it's Billy Holiday in Lady Things the Blues.
Too late to change that.
No, we can add it.
We don't have to change it.
We can add it.
You can have more than one.
Like Snotfree, he's got two, but he's got him on there like the same.
You might as well add Charlie Chaplin, the kid.
Yeah, right.
Uh-huh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Jay, this Jorge Hernandez guy is really bugging me.
Go out and do some investigations.
Okay, and get off my damn email.
Dawsonville, Georgia.
Yeah, likely, Story.
On and on J. Lowe in Money Train.
Okay.
No.
Marty says I read Michael Morse, article, wrote a letter, my congressman,
I vote no, I'm to bail out.
That's why Marty, keep you off the street.
Keep you busy.
Jorge Hernandez again, I'm just deleting his stuff.
Too many emails.
He's the, he's the, a Willie Nelson guy.
Play, I play that just for him, just to aggravate him.
Hello, Neil.
This is Joe Bell.
Tell George that his pay is also doubled, but Chris is gone.
These changes begin at noon today.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Oh, excellent.
I wasn't a fan of Dean Martin, but he was excellent in this movie.
I don't know how the hell that happened.
In what movie?
All the young lions.
Dean Martin, the young lions who want to put it on their go ahead.
I don't care.
Put them all on their right.
Just reinformation Debbie Heary from Blondie was a singer
who was the slut in a video drone.
Definitely not my submission for the poll.
Says Joe.
Thanks Joe.
Jala.
Get it.
Yeah.
I'm a big fan of Debbie Heary, but I didn't recommend that.
Because, yeah.
Oh, thank God.
Julie Andrews and Mary Poppins.
Oh, yeah.
Great acting performance.
Oh, here we go to arrange an interview with Amy or David the right now or Bruce Epstein.
Contact Judy Kent.
Public relations.
Oh, yeah.
See, that's another bunch of stuff I'm getting now.
They think that we want guests on the show.
Oh, remember the one I read a few days ago?
Uh-huh.
You're going to love so and so on your show.
And just contact me and we'll set up the interview.
How about jerk, jerk three?
Let's get him on and rip him an ass.
Say, did you have to practice to be such an A-hole and have such a lack of knowledge
or what you're talking about?
Did you practice every day and being a jerk?
He's just trying to live up to his name, I guess.
Jerk.
The 80 out of 10.
You don't have to know that.
You're just a sport regular 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
Oh, yeah.
Man, the chapter news.
Sport a seven.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Holy macken on.
This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
Wait till you hear what they say.
It's all next on Mary King Love.
Our next guest was born a boy but learned at a very young age that things weren't as they seemed.
Clayick and his art special guest.
He didn't generally, the gay life is more accepted.
Yeah.
And I'm pretty good at hiding it, I think.
What?
Come on.
Well, I don't really have too much control over that.
You get it in the mall in North Carolina too?
I get it every time.
Now, let's take a call.
Independence, Missouri.
Hello.
Clay, I've been a fan for a long time.
Can I see your package?
Yeah.
Oh, long, the big one.
It is.
It looks like it's ET.
I had no idea how big it was.
Look, they still take a picture.
Can we get a close up?
Yeah.
Whoa.
What's his name?
Well, 16 and 560 WQAM.
Folks, that's how the stuff that's coming in today on these emails.
I wouldn't wish it on a hundred Kimler.
I wouldn't wish it on Sarah Palin.
Just a...
Popo re of Meng.
Maybe this poll is really bad.
Shame on you, Sean.
I think that could be it.
Could be.
Or not...
Well, like I said, the fact, Chris, before,
don't leave these log pauses because I don't know whether we're on ear or not.
No, these days, that's good.
No, I'm not...
Please.
Try not to talk into an off-microphone.
Oh.
It's my resolution for the new money.
Oh.
Are you sure it's hell don't want me to leave this thing on during a break, Nadia?
No, hell no.
All kinds of foul, filthy language because of you.
Well, good.
And let's get that on here.
It might improve the numbers.
What day is it?
October 17th at the summer book is coming out.
It's going to be Georgia's, baby.
Yeah.
I hope you didn't torpedo us again.
One way or another.
Here's one that says, now, this is just all over the place.
Your listeners, including myself, have never seen the Rose.
But how about, Bed Middler, is the wife in Down and Out in Beverly Hills?
She was great in that.
She's always great.
Yeah.
Do we want to put that on there, too?
Okay.
Up to you, Fat Chris, it all depends on how many calories you want to burn.
She's already on there for one.
So, are you just voting for the person anyways?
I mean, I can have Eric change it.
But the poll question is this.
Eric doesn't need to change anything.
That middle is already on there for one thing.
So, he would have to change it.
Unless you just want to have him.
You are so stupid that it just scares the hell out of me.
It's just terrifying.
The poll question is, what was the best acting performance by a singer?
Okay.
Sonatra, they ought to be on there separately, which would get them out of first place.
That's what ought to be changed.
From here to attorney and then Sonatra from Manchurian candidate.
In other words, you could have the same actor, the same singer on there in ten different movies if they were in them.
Right.
What was the best acting performance?
And the rose and down and out in Beverly Hills are two different movies last time I checked.
Dumbledore.
Does he Dumbledore what, George?
I'm sorry, I wasn't listening to that.
Or, Robert Streisand playing the shrink in the Prince of Tides.
I vote for one of those, is LD.
I vote for one of those.
One of what?
One of those.
One of those over there.
Nameless, 100 movies that had the singer on it.
That's right.
Now you're catching on.
Yeah, that's the way the poll works.
And you know something?
The thing with the email is the same as the phone in that respect.
They just don't get the poll question.
Read it.
Think about it.
What was the best acting performance by a singer in a movie?
James says, please add sting for the bride or dune.
Is that like Lauren a dune?
Sure.
And Kakamoon?
You want to put either one of those on or not?
He was in...
He's up to Chris.
He didn't do it for like five minutes.
So maybe you should put the bride on that.
Forget about it.
Forget about it.
But he was good in the bride.
Well then put on sting in the bride.
Regarding the poll, what about Whitney Houston, the bodyguards, is Paul...
Oh, chronic Paul is back.
Ever chronic Paul who made the mistake about what was he giving me a song to dance about?
Oh Howard Cossell, great play by play man.
Oh, here we go.
Neil, it's me, Joe Bell.
For my final act of kind has stored you.
I'm taking my fat ass to the roof and jumping.
And you can add my money, says Jolly Joe.
Thanks, Jolly Joe.
But this is a different phony Jolly Joe.
This is the one with a phone number.
You mentioned David Bowen, your poll, but I can't believe he didn't mention his performance
as Andy Warhol in the film, Baskuyot.
Says Danny.
Baskuyot?
Yeah, I'm aware of it, but I never watched it.
It's all like five minutes of it.
It was not for me.
That's not for you.
Nist from here.
Right.
Here's one from Jean that says anyone else noted that the window shut down.
Sound appears in that spot while the female is speaking.
Says Jean and Ceeberry.
Oh, Jean, get a life.
Would you please?
I have no life.
The doubt is down under 100.
It's only down 78 points.
What a bargain.
That good?
Oh, down 80 now.
Should have kept my mouth shut.
I gave it the old canary.
Said it's going to meet tonight after sundown.
As soon as Julie Berman's quit stoveting.
Here's one that says while I'm wholeheartedly behind at Bama,
we're discussing a day of work about McCain's female VP pick possibilities.
Came up with three four really candidates that would have given him both depth and balance.
Intelligence is a given.
Kay Bailey Hutchinson.
Oh, Olympia Snow.
Oh, what a personality she's got.
I don't know her name, but I know she's the kind of person who formed the farm at Western states.
I always constantly said her.
She's young, beautiful.
He don't know if she is though.
Uh-huh.
And the other possibility is the other New England center.
I forget her name.
Same basic qualities at Snow.
She has a shovel nose and stutters.
Oh, yeah, that would be good.
Oh, yeah, he could have picked somebody out of a shopping mall like I said.
And they would have been better, more qualified, more intelligent, more articulate.
Unless of a, uh, a gigantic tumor on his campaign.
McCain.
Elvis in Change of Habit.
No, no more Elvis movies.
Okay.
Elvis never put in a great acting program.
Right.
Ever.
Right.
Here's one that says, I'm unemployed.
I just gave my last $25 to the Obama campaign because I've concluded this is their only hope.
Maybe he'll give me back my job when he gets in.
How about Mac Davis in North Dallas, 40?
This is Greg and Melbourne.
What do you say?
Okay.
Okay.
It was, it was okay.
It was a fine performance.
Put it on there.
Addiquit.
Put on Frankie Lyman and the Queen Agers.
Makes me want to play some Mac Davis.
No, don't do it.
Oh, anything but that.
Oh, I know you like him so much.
I hate him.
Mac Davis, he couldn't sing his way out of a Campbell soup can.
Oh.
Just got off of another John Denver.
Only at least John Denver has basically two croaks.
That look in your eye.
Oh, okay.
It's enough.
And it's, hey, Neil, how about one for the old green tooth
Cubanos, Celia Cruz and Mambo Kings?
Also, you missed two of the beautiful singers on this beautiful
Singapore Teddy Pentegrasse and Luther Vandross.
Luther Vandross was on there.
Sorry.
Sorry, he was on there and he's still dead.
You made a mistake.
You made a mistake.
Mark Anthony, El Contante, Puerto Rican Power says,
well, George is going to be pealed about that.
Hmm.
Puerto Rican Power.
Yeah, well, yes.
Mark Anthony, he can't sing and he can't act.
Other net.
I mean, are you crazy or what as if I have to ask?
And now that's all I'm getting basically.
It just names names.
Oh, yeah, you knew that was going to happen.
I did.
Didn't you?
Names of singers who were in movies.
Elvis, anybody who could say Elvis gave the greatest acting performance in
what we need mental health needs to be taken away in a straight jacket.
It needs to be locked in a room with the Prozac Ron.
I'm your friend.
Now, what was the, oh, his clockwork orange where they locked him in the room
with the Beethoven music blaring?
Right.
If they really would have wanted to get to him,
it would have been better than just having a recording of,
oh, we are friends.
Oh, yeah.
That would have done it instead of Ludwig von.
Owners of Miami Beach's fountain blue hotel put money into a new
political action committee formed by two developers who want to explore
bringing Casino gambling to Miami.
Oh, my God.
The committee for critical challenges emitted its campaign report filed
with the Division of Elections last week to include a $30,000 contribution
from the fountain blue hotel.
The donation was made September 24th.
The same day, the hero first asked consultants hired by the group about the committee
formed by developers Art Falcone and Mark Roberts.
The pair is developing the 25 acre Miami World Center in downtown Miami.
And it's hard, Laura, is to write a proposed constitutional amendment allowing
a casino initiative for a possible placement on the 2010 ballot.
Drafts of the proposed petition language obtained by the hero call for Las Vegas
dog casino gambling, including Crap's, Kino, Roulette, Blackjack, and
Slot Machines Mon.
Find you a good machine man.
The games could be offered at the Miami World Center location, any of seven existing
parametrials in data, Broward, and the now dormant highly a racetrack.
And any hotel in Miami Beach has got over 800 lodging rooms.
A designation applies only to the fountain blue.
Howard Caravan, the fountain blue Steve Operating Officer, said the contribution was
made for consumer research to pay for a poll on voters views on gambling in general,
as well as on gambling at Indian casinos and racetracks.
They talked to us about participating more, but we have made any decisions one way or the other you said.
He also said that the fountain blue is executive president Sonny Coddy has been
spending a couple of hours a week pursuing the prospect of the gambling initiative.
The revelations about the fountain blue's relationship with the political committee
came as felon robberts and their consultants have been aggressively trying to send
the message that the committee is just an exploratory committee that will propose
new ideas for Miami City Center and not intended to solely focus on gambling.
They want to send a message.
Joey Zaza gonna send me a message?
That's right.
Joey Zaza driven by Wally Hennessey by the way in the fourth race.
Let me get a Wally.
The best talent in Wally Hennessey.
The fourth leader.
She fakes orgasms. I fake four points.
Hang up on the alphabet, Gimel Network.
It's the end of the year's spectacular that everyone's stressing about.
Dick Clark's Hebrew New Year's Rockin' Eve.
They could buy it a 5768 and help blow the chauffeur off of 5769 with a cast of Jewish stars
featuring the Borscht Belt comedy-stylings of Jerry Seinfeld.
What is the deal with Roger Shawna?
What's the rush?
I lost his chick, Roger Shawna.
Sarah Silverman.
What? Amy Winehouse is in Jewish?
Someone should tell her face.
Look at my f***ing b****.
The Beastie Boy.
So rush, so rush, so rush, so show on!
Boss David Swimmer, Lenny Kravitz, Andy Sandberg, Winona Ryder, and Adam Sadler.
It's the Jewish New Year.
Dick Clark's Hebrew New Year's Rockin' Eve.
It's going to blow your Tukers off.
Buddy, are you going to watch something else?
No, I'm not.
I'm printing something out to just relax.
I'm fine.
You okay? Gonna be all right?
I'm cool.
Well, these emails are coming in fast and furious.
Most of them are fairly useless, but nevertheless,
big max from Lamar says,
this is the second email I got from that bitch.
Remember big max?
Right, and I'm sure it's not.
Sure it is.
I'm sure it's the same person that's writing you
as Hank as Joe Bell, et cetera.
Well, why would somebody claim to be big max from Lamar?
Why would somebody claim to be Joe Bell?
Well, don't you think Joe Bell's a little bit closer
to home than big max from Lamar?
I don't know where she is right now.
Maybe she sleeps with the fishes like Luca Bronsi.
Our Garfunkel and Colonel Nellidge, she says.
It says.
Okay.
No, I didn't think it was a great performance.
It's kind of flat, but whatever they say.
Kind of flat?
Sure.
I mean, if they like it, great.
Tom says Kenny Rogers, the gambler,
one, two, three, four, and five,
Case closed says Tom.
Case closed, closed my ass.
Kenny Rogers, the gambler, you want to put it on there?
It's up to you.
Sure.
I'm just reading.
Listen up for all this street tab on there.
What are the answer I'm here for?
They pay me the big bucks to sit here and read the emails.
Now, this one is good.
I like this one, even though I didn't like the individual.
Tom and Tyler has, he says,
how great was Bing Crosby and the Bell's the same Mary's
when he didn't beat up a single kid?
Now, that's because he wasn't related to them.
He only beat up his own kids.
You want to put that in there?
Bing Crosby Bell's the same Mary's.
Sure.
That's an answer to the question.
A singer and an acting performance,
which, evidently, was a great.
I don't, I think I saw that 100 years ago.
Wasn't he like father Flanagan or something like that?
Was that Boy's Town?
I don't know.
Maxwell Todd's another chronic says Paul Simon
and One Trick Pony.
Okay.
And you say, I say we should Google actors
who have been in movies, cut and paste the entire list
and then we're done.
Then we can go on to open else.
Every no serious.
Every singer who is ever in a movie.
Or any actor who is ever in a movie.
We'll just use the Google to put every single person
who ever sang and acted in their life.
And then we'll just add them all on the list
and then they won't have anything to email you about.
Anne Margaret in anything or nothing, give me a break.
Anne Margaret greatest acting performance.
You people need help.
Neil just turned you on.
I'm not sure if you mentioned Princeton Purple Rain.
Oh my God.
I'm just, I'm just reading these.
Have you read some of them?
I'm on the way ahead.
It's up to a fat Chris.
Yeah, let's leave it to him.
Yeah, it's been going on.
It's me.
Neil, it's true and makes no sense.
The QAM spot to log on to WQM
plays the Microsoft Windows computer shutdown theme
when a commercial announcer says log on.
It's like QAM wants you to hear QAM online.
But you're shutting down the computer at this time.
Oh, what the hell?
Difficult to make.
Talk about nitpicking.
My God.
Now we're nitpicking about Windows sounds.
Shut off.
Shut on.
How about shut up?
Can you can you believe this?
Yep.
You know what reminds me of it's like the chat room.
Is where they where they like yell at each other
and they start screaming?
You could pick any topic, any article.
And it starts out.
Somebody might make reference to something
that's in the articles.
And then it's obviously like the calls.
It's just a bunch of chronics on that site.
And then they all start screaming.
Oh, listen, the knucklehead.
We know you and you're always full of crap and whatever.
And having nothing to do with the topic.
Oh God almighty.
This is all Sean's fault.
I thought it was an okay pool.
Not great.
I thought it was okay.
Video shows man punching girl in line of McDonald's.
Well, good.
Police say the suspect and the team got in
argument about who was first in line.
Thanks, Lou.
Now that's more up our alley.
And he's got a video there that got punches around good.
Don't be cutting in line.
Bitch.
God, I hate that.
Don't you hate people that try to cut in line?
Like I wrote.
Like on a highway.
And you've gotten to expressway here.
There's a Spadina as street exit.
And when people are coming downtown.
For whatever reason, I mean, there aren't that many exits
to downtown, but that's the one that everybody
and their brother seems to get off on.
And so the line is always like in the middle of the afternoon
backed up like many kilometers, eh?
And then of course, there always the wise answers
who can go zoom it along and then they will the idea of cutting in.
Instead of waiting for 3540 minutes for the line to clear.
Nothing could be finer than to stay off of Spadina.
Crapies street if there ever was one.
But nevertheless.
That was down only 28.
Look at that 19 points.
It's getting back toward even Stephen.
Whoo.
I'm just checking the.
Oh, thank God.
No items in the view.
Thank God.
I get a little bit of arrest.
Not that we don't want a lot of emails.
Neil at neorodges.com.
Keep them coming.
But I would say like if you it's the same thing with the phone.
If you took a dozen people away from there,
there'd be almost nothing left just the occasional the odd one here and there.
You know what I mean?
Oh, the Dow is only down 13 points.
Now it's down 17.
Soon as I said that as soon as they showed Tony Harris's head on CNN.
That went down a little bit more.
Keep him off this TV.
OK.
Do the world of favor.
Keep Tony Harris off of everybody's TV.
In fact, just shut off CNN.
Nuke it.
314 votes on a pool.
Not set in the world on fire.
How many do we have on the first one?
922?
That's looking.
He's looking 920 930 930.
See, so we got way over 1200 vote tomorrow.
It's a big debate.
Oh my God.
I'm starting to get nervous.
I'm like knocking my knees together.
I'm so excited about that.
And all this crap about oh, she's going to handle herself.
Just find this time.
Yeah.
She can see Russia from her porch with her binoculars.
She's got Russia to their West and Canada to the east.
So she's obviously very, very skilled at international diplomatic
relations.
That's right.
Oh my God.
It's just it's terrifying.
That article I rent by Brent Badovsky.
He had his finger right in it way in there.
And believe me, I'm guarantee it wasn't the first one.
Here the sirens are coming.
I mentioned Sarah Palin and they're bringing off the sirens here.
How about those poles now that Obama's opening up a big
lead?
You hear them?
I hear them.
Whoo.
Heavy, heavy duty.
I think they're coming right into the building here.
Ambulance.
Ambulance.
Now, and let me ask you this,
since you're the expert, the computer experts, both of you.
When I go to print stuff out here on the outlook, I highlight it.
Oh God.
I do the selection thing and like lately for whatever reason it takes forever
and a day for the name printing to come up the box.
Yeah.
So not for everything he did end of stories.
There's one.
Everything is the end of the story.
End of story.
My opinion is the only one accounts.
How about Jean Kelly?
Not sure if he's been mentioned already.
Jean Kelly in what?
See, that's the point.
We're not asking for a name.
We're asking for a performance by a singer in a movie.
I think I'll Friday the poll that I'm going to take because you know,
give me crap about it.
But I liked it that what poll.
I'm going to do the poll of polls nationwide.
Obama 49, McCain 44 on sure seven.
Yes, go ahead.
I'm going to take a poll and I'm just going to say which question mark
and I'm going to have all of the above or none of the above.
Those are going to be the two options.
Mm-hmm.
I like that.
And people can add to it.
Yeah.
There's some of the worst swill coming in on that email thing
that you've ever seen in your life.
It was a swill idea.
I'll tell you that.
Here's one from Beagle Bale Bond.
Oh, Larry.
Oh, not rent.
Oh, this is I thought his name was Renfield.
Larry Reinfeld.
This is the one that there was chronic earlier over and over and over again.
I occasionally have a life was I able to listen to you.
Most of the morning I sent the original on Sunday.
Didn't know if you'd blocked mail over the weekend.
When I did turn on the radio Monday, I heard no mention of the article.
That's right.
You didn't hear any mention of the article because we're not allowed to mention
the unmentionable.
That's why he's the unmentionable one.
Larry.
God.
Something I thought you have mentioned all day, especially after all the
problems he caused you over the years.
Well, guess what?
But it isn't going to change my life now.
It's not going to change the show.
It's not going to change my life.
It's history.
As for semi inquiry twice, I did via my smartphone, which isn't always so smart.
I never registered that messages were sent.
As for tracking me down, not hard.
I'll give you the address if you want it.
Why do I want to track you down, Larry?
By the way, LaShanna Tova to you.
I too worked on a holiday.
Caxelhoi, Larry.
That's my comment to you.
Caxelhoi's.
Which some of us have already beat you to the point.
What's the biggest name?
The best house.
You look as new Roger.
Did you get my article?
Did you get it?
Did you see it?
Did you read it?
I read it.
Grab my junior, honey.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll see the end of the videos.
The end of the videos.
They're breaking their own videos.
The Goddie family.
He wears expensive attire.
You toss him your legs higher.
You ride with the spits higher.
The Goddie family.
Stand on the wall.
There's hell in your desk.
There's hell in your desk.
Teddy the truck.
Don't even lift.
Where?
So if you think you are tough,
there's people that you could stuff.
You won't find things that are up in the Goddie family.
Oh no, one of fourteen pages.
Oh no.
Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop.
Castle, castle, stop.
I'm stopping.
Well that's what happens when you do that, you know, highlight and select.
And all that doesn't always work.
Usually it does and sometimes it does not.
It was a story about some red neck with some posters, some sign he put on his lawn,
somewhere in Florida.
Some really obnoxious crap about the Obama, M-U-S-L-I-N,
Muslim is a half-weed Muslim, some of Goupal.
Leave Garrett in the outsiders.
There's the joke vote of the day for the poll.
Leave Garrett, what an actor, what a singer, huh?
All of these things.
All of these things.
Some queen.
Hey all I can say to whoever sent that.
You fairy.
Right.
Leave Garrett, my ass.
See we got to do something about that synoptic thing.
I don't know if Eric can change that.
It's not right.
He can do anything.
Well no, we have to put the monitors separately.
Frank Sinatra from here to eternity is one.
And in Manchurian candidate is another.
The poll is, what was the best acting performance by a singer?
Not what singer was the best actor or actress?
Jesus, got all mighty.
Hey, it's whatever they wanted to be in.
Well it ain't.
327 votes on the poll.
Let me look back.
I'm sure that Eric doesn't make those things up.
When I sent him the thing, let me see.
Let me take a puke at it.
Because here it is.
Yeah, Frank Sinatra and Sean's got them both on there.
Here to eternity in Manchurian candidate.
You can't even answer your own poll, Sean.
You don't get a good poll.
But you don't even understand your own poll.
They have to be separate because they're two separate movies
and two separate acting performances.
You're simple.
You're fairly silly person.
You.
God.
Anyway, Sinatra's got 59 for the two movies.
Mark Wahlberg, Vogue Unites 40, Ice Cube, Boys in the Hood, 21.
Dwight Yokem, Slingblade 20.
Ludicrous for Crash 20.
Neil Diamond, the Jazz Singer 17.
Jared Lido, Requiem for Dream, is up to 13.
Queen Latifah, Chicago 13.
Sharon Moonstruck 12.
Burl Ives, Katana Hotten, Roof 12.
Burl Ives, Big and Fat and Dead.
Eminem, 8 mile 12.
Bent Middler, the Rose, 11.
Elvis, Prestate, Chaudero, 11.
That's his silly.
It's got 11 votes.
Well, he was a great actor, you know.
Oh, yeah.
Harry Connick, Jr., Comp.
Kat 10.
Al Martino, the Godfather 9.
Tina Turner, beyond Thunderdome 9.
Diana Ross, Mahogany 6.
Liza Menele for Arthur 6.
Madonna, Dick Tracy 6.
Barbara Streisand, what's up Doc 6?
David Boy, the Manifeld Earth 4.
Mac Davis, North Dallas 42.
Dean Martin, the Young Lions 2.
Courtney Love, People vs. Larry Flint 2.
Jennifer Hudson, Dream Girls 2.
Jerry Reed, the Survivors, got up here.
Kenny Rogers, the Gamblers, got one.
Sting and the Bride 1.
Kent Bent Middler, Donald Beverly Hills 1.
Chris Christofferson, Evans Gate 1.
And none yet for Bing Crosby, the Bells of St. Mary's.
Our Art Garfunkel for Colonel and Knowledge.
Eric would like to know what you wanted to do with the votes for Frank Sinatra.
Oh, well, just leave it the way it is.
Leave him on.
Leave him on.
That's a movie I just cannot get out of my mind.
I mean, the Godfather is not...
The Godfather, it's not a question of getting out of your mind.
It's a part of you.
Right?
Am I right?
Yep.
It's like embedded in your brain.
All the dialogue, all the scenes, all the acting.
You cannot talk about it.
What's about to go?
But network, it's like a message.
You know, I don't think there was any message in the Godfather.
What was the message?
That even the Mafia, even they have a family.
No, it wasn't preaching or trying to make a point.
It says, I hear some stuff.
Yeah, that's right.
Here's a bunch of stuff.
And if you don't like it, but a Bing.
But network had a very definitive message.
I'll tell you one thing.
Talk about being ahead of your time.
Patty Tchaevsky.
Brilliant.
Absolutely freaking brilliant.
In Hollywood, sexuality is less secret and still can be a big deal.
It used to be called the love that do not speak its name.
You fairy.
Especially in Hollywood where the revelation of homosexuality was believed to be a career killer.
Now, outgains and lesbians are as casually visible.
I'm a cover as the cover of People magazine, which has recently run stories on
LNG Generous Wedding to Portia de Rossi and Clay Aiken's decision to discuss his being a fag.
So in a time when self-declared by a sexual teal at the Kila,
can have a highly rated MTV show I'm looking for a partner of either sex.
Lindsay Lohan talks about a relationship with DJ Samantha Ronson
and Star Trek's George Tecaye can have a very public wedding with his long time partner
is coming out still a big deal.
Gay.
Published as Howard Bragman author of the fourth coming,
Where's my 15 minutes says that it is?
Every person who comes out is another barrier coming down.
Bragman was openly gay told CNN.com,
exceptance by the mainstream public he observes is easier,
but by no means automatic, especially when issues such as gay marriage or at stake.
I look at it as a long-term process.
The revolution is over. He says now it's an evolution.
Evolution, Sarah Pielin, don't believe in I crap.
And she sure don't like them homos. All of a she's got some lady friend who's a lesbian.
Did you know that?
No, I didn't.
Probably doing her.
Bragman was around when a performer revealing his or her homosexuality could still shock.
He helped guide Dick Sargent when to be which star came out of the closet in 89.
And remember, it was difficult to get support for movies such as Philadelphia,
the 93 film that one Tom Hanks and Oscar is the lawyer dying of AIDS.
Now he observes there are gay actors.
How I met my mother's Neil Patrick Harris, maybe the most notable,
playing straight roles, something that would have been almost unthinkable even a few years ago,
since studios have often been nervous casting gay performers in straight roles,
like Matt Damon, for example. I'm sorry.
What do you think about Matt Damon?
What about him?
Gay or not gay?
Oh, I don't know.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
No idea. I mean, I never really thought about it.
I'm pretty sure based on that movie, what was the movie he was in,
the talented Mr. Ripley?
I'm pretty sure he's got a penis.
Although I think they may have stuffed some salami in there.
I don't know.
He was really pasty.
Remember what's his name said, God, you're so white.
And he said, it's my undercoat.
Oh.
And Jude lost his, well, I wasn't that funny, Marge.
Right.
It's a good movie though.
Even George liked it.
It's a little bit gay, but nevertheless.
That's true.
The real guy.
I may hate this as a gay man, but not the opposite.
Braggman describes the industry thinking.
Indeed, there are now more gay characters in primetime TV than ever.
Sure, such as Ugly Betty, the office, and Grayson Enemy featured gay or bisexual characters.
And this fall, five more will hit the away.
He's bringing the total of 16.
It's certainly positive that there's such a dramatic increase,
glad, present, Neil Giuliano to see in.
Number one, who reflects society.
In the fact, they were more visible.
Also makes good TV.
Portrayals are almost more honest and real.
Peter Sprig, vice president of policy for the conservative family research council.
He don't agree.
He don't like them fangots.
I'm convinced that for the most part, these characters are placed on TV
for propaganda purposes in order to persuade people to be more accepting of homosexual conduct.
He told CNN.
And that's since the result for society is likely to be negative.
The family research council, my fat ass.
But Brian Bat, the gay actor, who plays the cause of the itself of her Romano on the Emmy-winning madman,
says that viewers are more accepting of gay characters today, though concerns linger.
Like Batman and Robin, for example.
Yes, I did think maybe this was going to hurt me career-wise to come up,
but I come from Broadway and a lot of their theater backgrounds.
You know, nobody really cares.
You don't have to be straight to act straight.
You don't have to be gay to play gay.
He told CNN to play gay.
But he adds, there is, I think, a little bit of homophobia.
I do believe that through education, seeing good on this positive gay role models,
it will just educate.
I think we're producing generations of now of youth that don't judge people.
They don't judge people on their race, religion, or their sexuality.
April Woodward, a correspondent for Inside Edition.
Colt CNN headline news showbiz tonight,
that rejection may have been on Akin's mind.
The singer aboard again, Christian.
He's aboard again, Christian?
Had long declined to talk about his sexuality with a strong middle American fan base.
They have been afraid of a backlash.
There are definitely going to be some people in the South where he lives.
Who aren't going to agree with it?
Some of the Christians aren't going to agree with his lifestyle.
Even have a child out of wedlocks, he said.
For his part, Akin, who recently became a father,
due newborn son, told people that coming out with the first decision he made as a father.
I can't raise a child alive or hide things.
I've never intended to lie to anybody at all.
The fans, if they leave, they leave.
But if they leave, I don't want them hating me, he said.
Braggman believes Akin will be more successful in there.
And if your death done blind and stupid, you didn't know that he was gay.
Yeah.
I mean, like what a shock.
What if Charles Nelson Riley comes out?
Oh boy.
Then he died? Did he die?
I thought he did.
Charles Nelson Riley is dead?
I don't know. I wasn't keeping track.
Let's look it up.
What do they do with all those big glasses?
Maybe Elton J. Wantson?
You had something in that video.
I know.
No more.
I got these lightweight titanium frame babies, man.
They cost like $600 or $700.
Yeah. March, May 25th, of what?
What's up?
Charles Nelson Riley died?
He died.
I don't know.
What are we going to do?
And Gene Rayburn?
You all right?
Yeah, him too.
Favorite dead TV people?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Didn't George Harrison sing a song about him?
Yes, Mike Jack Lord.
I'll be damned.
Milton Burrell?
Edwin?
Eddie Cantor?
Walter Crancai?
Oh, he's still alive.
Walter Crancai.
How about Chad Huntley?
I thought it was kind of bad when they left David Brinkley on
here long enough so that his eyeball fell all the way down to his lips.
Not for the biggest name.
The best talent.
You don't have no Roger.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
I am the fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports Radio 560 WQAM.
I am a fourth Lutterdale.
Hello, this is And this is not a tumor.
It's the ones that two hour.
I'm going to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be
the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the
to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to
To be the first to be the first of you to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be everybody who may have the fear of the first could steal them.
O, away he came to join two.
What is it going to be?
Chef Sparky says Neil, I need a mothix. That's why I just played that bit.
Rock solid.
Gay.
Is there anybody to get him to call him to show him spar with you?
Spar with me about what? We're best of friends. Anybody believe that?
No.
Maybe a fat chriskin track him down and bokeh somewhere.
Every time you play that gay, drop a his.
No.
Me and my guys over here lose it.
Gay.
Just awesome.
Even my three-year-old often blurt's out in the, uh,
the Amdus places.
Great stuff.
Gay.
Gay.
Gay.
Gay.
Yeah, yeah.
Gay of heck.
And don't come back.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He ain't going to be coming back.
That must have been kind of like a strange with Hank and the building, wasn't it?
Like a little uncomfortable?
I did.
Double take because I told you I was running and I, uh, stopped and midruns, right?
Yeah.
To, uh, to say hi to him and, you know, you could have stopped and said hi.
You could've been a little more social.
There was a dilemma going on at the moment if we were called.
Yeah.
Off the ear or whatever.
As much as I enjoy socializing with Hank, you know, there was an issue.
What were you going to do about it?
Were you going to fix it?
No.
I was going to come in here and, uh, take over until we got the line reestablished.
Take over what?
The show.
Are you kidding me?
That's right.
Take over, huh?
That's right.
Sounds like, uh, sounds like what's his name at the White House?
A cuckoo couture.
I'm in charge here.
Alexander Hague.
That's it.
Crazy person.
Uh-huh.
I'm in charge here now.
Deans got a really great, uh, suggestion.
Here's a poll idea.
George is absolutely correct with the search when you conduct a poll like this one today.
People simply list everyone they know.
So conduct a poll asking how many people can you name?
There you go.
Example 745, 100 to 430, 1122, etc.
It will really streamline things.
Excellent job, Dean.
I'm saving that one for tomorrow.
Right on.
Name some people.
Uh-huh.
Here are some names I can say.
Yeah.
Name some people that other people might know or not.
Holly says, hey, if you plan on doing the reverse poll, which I don't, which actors had the best singing performance in a movie?
I would vote for your favorite actor in my Johnny Depp and Swini thought.
You're obsessed, Holly.
Let's face it.
Not a bad voice at all.
Terrific acting job.
Love your loads, Mrs. Holly.
Johnny Depp, what a singer.
I never saw that movie.
What movie do you sing in?
Swini Todd.
I never saw it either.
Swini Todd was the favorite of Barbara one.
Where is the murdering Barbara?
No, that's the man who wasn't there.
No.
Oh.
That scene in the hotel room.
That was just so great.
Which one?
Oh, what the other guy.
What's that?
What's that?
It's a wig.
Yeah.
Wow.
Poor Billy Bob.
He's just about ready to hit the door, man.
He don't care how much cash that guy's got.
No way.
Speaking of hot guys,
Pusel, I'm his pussy footer, who's a real screamer.
You fairy.
Says, I nominate Luciano Pavotrote and yes, Georgio.
Now, that's not going to get any votes.
Nobody's seen that.
Not so much because he was a great thespian, but basically because he played himself in Jodolfo.
He was like a great voice and he's still dead.
Luciano Pavotrote.
You're going to put it on there?
Are Chris?
No.
No.
Also beyond that, here's some eye candy, Matt C.
And it's got some quarterback number 16.
I don't know who that is.
Looks pretty good to me.
It's got like almost naked pictures of this kid too.
I don't know who that is, but Matt C.
Is that his name?
Can Matt C?
Well, Chris should know the quarterbacks.
No.
Who's the quarterback for?
He doesn't.
The court warner starts for Arizona, but who's the other quarterback?
Matt Liner.
Matt Lulala.
What's his name?
Liner?
Liner.
He's pretty hot.
But this isn't him.
This is Matt C.
Maybe Puselina and his pussy footer will...
Oh, and look at this.
Here's a more pictures of him.
Whoa.
Whoo.
One thing about this queen.
He's got a really good taste.
Not as good taste as I got.
But then again, who the hell does?
Here's one again from this chronic who keeps using this...
These people had sent from their phone, you know, which is fine.
But how about a name?
Oh, Greg.
Sorry, Greg.
Mentor put singing in the rain by the way for Gene Kelly.
Marlon Brando and Guy's and Dolls.
Is Marlon Brando a singer?
No.
If we're going to go with that route, you know, like...
That's the first one again.
Hey, you're wagon.
You know, I had Clint Eastwood interesting and Lee Marvin was...
He felt an out of tune in that thing.
Whoo.
And I think in the movie Tommy Confused, Oliver Reed was singing it.
I mean, we could really do this all day long.
Ralph, who's just beyond chronic, sending me jokes.
Cut it out, Ralph.
Okay, get a life.
355 votes on a pool.
Chris is hoping for 400 on this one.
Our second pool of the day.
That would give us like over 1,300.
Pretty impressive.
930 and whatever.
Fred says, oh, this is Fred Souter again.
We've got like 10 emailers, four callers and 10 emailers.
That's not bad for team people.
It's more than they got over there across the street.
It's more than Sid the Yidd is got.
I'll tell you that.
What is he suck?
And I guess I had a spirited port.
Guess who was filling in for him yesterday?
Come on, Axe.
Who do you think?
Oh, gee.
Could it be Jason Jackson?
Yeah, jerks.
Why don't you just say it like it is?
Nobody refers to him as Jason Jackson.
Let me hear it.
How about that?
Jerks, never did anything to me.
Oh, now you're sticking out for him.
Now that he's across the street, I'm not changing my tune at all.
Mr. News says that.
That's your sucked.
I didn't.
I said that.
There was nothing there for me.
Nished Femir.
Right.
Fred Souter says, leave on helm of the band as test pilot Jack Ridley in the right stuff.
He also did the narration throughout the film.
Nuff said, says Fred.
Yeah, Nuff said is right.
You want to put it on there, leave on helm in the right stuff?
Sure, why not?
How about the wrong stuff?
Charles Asnivore in Shoot the Piano Player.
Says, Aloicious McGillicuddy.
Oh, I love these made-up names on the e-mails.
They're great.
Maybe we'll hear again from Jolly Joabelle.
Maybe Pusel and I was pussyfoot, or we'll tell me who that kid is.
I quarterback.
Tell me where I can find him.
George says, I've been listening to you since the W.I. and Z days.
I'm in law enforcement.
He brought light to many bleak days.
In a division that does the foreclosures as many other orders, our percentage rate has gone up by 280% since last year.
The government has lied about so many things to with citizens that whatever they say, there's a large number that we have little faith in their leadership.
Just keep putting word out since too many today don't know what a newspaper is.
Thank you, George, for all the laughs and info you provide daily.
Stay well, best wishes with George with a G.
Thank you, George.
Go repost some homes.
Not.
Go for a close.
Steve says, just listen to the opening of the big O-show and couldn't help laughing out loud.
This was yesterday.
He has a competition to win tickets to a Playboy party on South Beach.
Can you imagine the losers who listen to his show chatting to Playboy models?
Hey, lady, you think Ladinian will run for 150 yards this week?
Or wow, you have two brush, just like the hurricanes have two quarterbacks.
Or even I know I'm not going to get you, but you think that offense could get the kid from Clemson if they trade up?
Gotta gotta move up and not down, Steve.
Gotta gotta move up.
That was the end of the Joe Roe show.
That was the end of WQAM.
And you can blame it on a fat Zack.
One thing about Moe, I didn't agree with him about too much but boy, better watch your back Zack.
There's a lot of fat producers, you know.
That is such a great bit.
I might have to play it, watch your back Zack.
Do it.
You think?
You order.
This poll today, it's driven me to like almost the verge of insanity.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't think it's all that difficult to understand it.
I mean, some of the polls may be a little pseudo intellectual.
We try to keep them low.
The simplest polls warded as simply as they can be.
They're still going to answer the question.
Which is your favorite day of the week?
What's your favorite color?
And they're going to call up and say, pomegranate.
Oh, I like that.
I got to give me some body wash after wood buying today.
Two o'clock.
I used that pink grapefruit stuff again.
Oh, it's great.
It is.
It's like a Roman therapy in your shower.
Ah.
And the best part of the deal is that the part came in for Apaco's car.
So tomorrow I'm going to be taking that baby in there.
I can fix that thing so we can screw it up again, which he will.
But that's how it goes.
You know, when you dealing with punks, they like to screw up cars and, you know,
be dangerous and be foolish and stuff like that.
Mm-hmm.
Some of them.
Some of them.
Most of them.
11 after 1 at 560 WQM.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
It's a big dog.
Joe Rose.
We take the morning 7 at 10.
Where's South Florida sports?
Always matters.
Always matters.
Sports radio.
560 QAM.
M-M-V.
Sports leader.
Get the honey tune.
What are we going to do?
I say tacos.
We are all being screwed.
I say livers.
Why is this happening to us?
We want the MCC to get our own best tacos.
There's no place for us now, even DJs.
Are all down in the mouth.
You can listen.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
But now you will find any words that will come out in your mind.
No fun to be, then door by the MCC.
No fun to be, then door by the MCC.
There's nothing left for us to enjoy.
We'll soon be playing with children.
Oh, is your fun to be, then door by the MCC.
No, your fun to be, then door by the MCC.
They want us to be clean.
They think they know what we should feel.
They try to dictate to us what is real.
Young and old.
Knees listen to us.
I say, Young and old.
Police don't put up a fuck, help a petition.
The MCC's but you must help us with one female rider.
Can't do it all by himself.
Let's all help him.
Don't put it up on the shelves.
Let's see MCC.
No, just how you feel.
And maybe we'll get the sunshine.
Well, we feel.
Oooo.
MCC, what are you doing to us?
MCC, what are you doing to us?
All rating goes right.
In fact, they might die.
Because of the MCC.
You want to find what we can do.
As MCC, you've been what we can say.
To to to to to to to.
You've even tried to find the record.
That's the DJ's name.
He says, I am talking to you.
I said, you are.
Yeah.
Let's stand and fight for what's true.
And you're a leader.
Yeah.
And to so far so we can tell the MCC what the end of us they are.
And so far on your side.
We have nothing to hide.
