No person that's pregnant will be produced if I could react to a bullies run around all right most of me is fine and ill be incorporated
The biggest names of this college
You're listening to sports radio 516 WQAM
Miami for Lutterdale
Like that
516 WQAM
And by the way the Neil Rogers show to talk to Neil dial 5 670 560 and date and brother
And you'll a guy's name who called toll free 877 785 Nail or that face got company 80 and T and Verizon wireless phones
The opinions expressed by Neil his guests or his ex-fool again
Now we could produce it with WQAM management and ad for sponsors
Now we run you can run to run 560 WQAM
And by the way 100
IX
sir WQM
pls
Vs
So I'll go home and get this ass, get this ass, I'll do it.
Sir, I just don't sell a gun.
I'll go home and get this ass, I'll do it.
Sir, I'll go home and get this ass, I'll do it.
Sir, I just don't sell a gun.
Sir, I just don't sell a gun.
Sir, I just don't sell a gun.
Well, it's 1015, 60 WQM.
I got most of that mung out of my system, so I sound almost good human today.
I wouldn't say I look almost human, but at least I sound almost human.
I think that fan stuff making that noise.
Good.
I'm still not un-worry about it.
I'll feel better at once if you check out by the doctor.
Good, I want to make you as neurotic as I am.
Oh, oh.
Oh, you're not a part of it.
Really?
Wow, no, I'm alright.
I just need money.
Well, John's court has just got a grant, he just got an email.
I'm sure he doesn't have it anymore.
How do you know that?
Because I know his.
He never even said thank you.
I'm sure he will as soon as he gets in here and fixes that problem.
He never even said thanks.
I'm sure he got it.
Bob, he thought it.
No, he didn't.
He didn't hear it.
No, he takes it for granted.
For granted.
Ed.
And then he says, oh, I thought the audience says, no, but it's not a technical screw up.
You know, everything involved with this station is technically inept.
But the little fan in my DCS computer stopped making that sound.
Yeah, we hope it's okay.
You know, the kind of sound it is, you know, like when your computer is getting information.
But that's the hard drive.
Right.
Right.
And it's making that little sound.
Yeah.
And then it stops.
Hard drives crash and die.
And I think yours should be checked out before.
But it's been doing that on and off for a long time.
Then the sooner you check it out, the better everyone will feel.
See, this is George.
Okay, the voice of doom and gloom, I suppose.
No.
Oh, don't worry.
But reality.
No, we're saying practical reality.
You just doom and gloom.
No, no, no.
You should be positive.
No.
But why not?
Because I'm a realist.
I think we should take the pull from Tuesday and do it again.
Go ahead.
I don't like the one we got under now.
It's an oldie.
I dusted it off the old ones.
That's what Ross P. Ro said.
Dust off the old side isn't do, do, do.
And I sure have been do, do, do, do in this morning.
I'll tell you that.
I think there's going to be a lot more do-do.
A lot more joysting in my future, immediate.
The worst political figure in South Florida history.
What was the pull you took?
Did I not print that out?
I don't know.
Maybe we just had previous if you didn't.
No, no kidding.
See what I mean about George?
I'm just trying to be helpful.
You know, kind of old and kind of like some kind of a scene
out old fart.
Like I don't know how to do my stuff here.
I know how to do my crap, Mr. okay?
Yeah, maybe.
Well, I don't need a lot of help.
Doing crap.
It's pretty right now the result of George's brilliant pull
from yesterday.
Here it comes.
What was that?
That was pole printing, so to say.
Here it is.
Well, it's more than one page.
Wow, I had no idea.
Woo!
Okay, here they are.
858 votes.
So a lot more we're going to get today.
I'll tell you that on this crappy pull.
Beside listening to the show and dressing of course,
what's the most essential party of morning to party?
You absolutely can't do without a good VM 168.
That's what I voted.
A morning without a good VM is like a morning without a
great phone call WQAM.
Coffee 165.
QAM, hello.
My first P of the day, 150.
A shower 90.
Well, I made a lot of these morning sex with myself 58.
Good God.
Oh, checking email are going online in 37.
Waking bake 29.
Breakfast 29, the newspaper 28.
The snooze button 23, praying or reading my Bible 14.
As in,
Bill God.
Listening to the radio 13 walking the door 11.
Morning sex with somebody else 11.
A workout or a jog 8, my alarm clock 8, a TV morning show 7.
Shaving 5.
Well, I mean a whole bunch of these that you know.
That are there are all essential parts of your morning.
Right.
I mentioned that putting on my makeup 5, of course,
packing my lunch for meditation 3 yoga 1 yoga barra.
Tim Russell was a big a yogi barra fan.
You know that.
I know everything there is to know about Tim other one.
He is last good VM was we we know everything else.
You're told me more than I wanted to know.
I'll stop it to donut shop one and taking the brats to
school. None.
That's not a favorite part of the a stop at the donut shop.
God what a bunch of pigs Christ.
Donuts in the morning.
Do you have any idea sending your blood sugar skyrocket?
Yeah, a lot of people.
They do they go to a crispy cream and more and probably more often to
a no dunking doughnuts dunking donut because of the coffee.
Well, doesn't crispy cream have coffee when you have a dunk of
donuts coffee is really good and famous for it.
How about chocolate nuts?
How about it?
Chocolate.
Who's they still make that?
I don't know.
Haven't seen it a long time.
I was not with Jackie Robinson.
You said it ties chocolate.
That's right.
Very good.
How do you know that?
Booker Brian did a bit about it.
Oh.
The moment who did know it's a not one.
Jackie Robinson or.
We're vertically right.
283 votes is all we got on this support.
Now let's see how many do we get the first time we did this?
1023.
Well, and the airwork again I fixed it.
I'm once or twice and I waited and waited and he never put it up until I
don't know.
Till he got home from the parliament house.
I guess the summertime just ain't going to be what it used to be.
And what what do you faxing me now?
Stuff crap crap stuff in nonsense.
Larry in Port St. Lucie.
I've been a big fan of yours for many years now more than I care to remember.
Actually I normally agree with most of what you say, but I'd oh.
I have to tell you very honestly I felt like your unkind comments yesterday regarding
the passing of Tim Rossert and extensive coverage at NBC gave the event over
the weekend were especially unfortunate.
Unfortunate.
Well guess what?
I think it's unfortunate that these self-serving idiots can see it's still going on.
Remembering Tim Rossert it is still going on all day yesterday memorial service.
The day before that.
In the afternoon on Tuesday afternoon they had that.
Open service was viewing the casket for the public and thousands and thousands of people came by.
I'm sorry Larry in Port St. Lucie, but I don't apologize.
My unkind comments he may have been the nicest guy in the face of the earth.
He was a guy on TV.
That's all.
And all these idiots all these people in the media that they have on there now like
forgot all about Ed Moro and all the other people that have been on television.
We're really great journalists, but forget about that or art deal for the full.
Okay.
Also Jim Noggle.
Oh yeah Jim Noggle.
We leave him off.
He's an a-hole right homophobic a-hole.
We got those two on there.
We do that.
We do like that.
Yeah, I knew that there'd be some people.
You've lost touch with the audience now.
It's like when you played the error clad them thinking we could out the window.
It's to say that you know something that's my opinion.
And now now it's a thousand times more we infer forced than it was on Tuesday.
Because it's Thursday tomorrow.
Be one week since the man died.
Let him rest in peace already.
And all this crap about oh he's up there watching right now and having a good life.
No, he's not.
He's in the box.
They just had the viewing.
They had the casket there and he's still in the box.
I'm sure if we open up the casket you'll see he's still in there.
No, no, he's up in heaven now.
I mean what's the use right?
Really important people by people have been a-
I mean maybe he wasn't important to a guy who a lot of people's lives.
He wasn't to mine.
I didn't dislike him.
I didn't care.
Well, where the other he was just there.
You know what I mean by that?
Yep.
He was just a fact-based guy from Buffalo on TV.
And he may have been the finest family guy in history and all this other.
I guarantee there are a lot of other people out there.
We love their kids and love their wives and other husbands and whatever.
And who are very good to their families.
We'll never hear a word about them when they croak.
Not a single word.
But the self-indulgent A-holes in the media.
On and on and on.
Tom Brokaw and Dan Radher and all these other.
I mean just an endless parade of the same goofballs.
And Jim's Carville and Mary Madeline breaking down crying.
I was so to meet the press.
I mean why do we need to see this?
Can't they cry in private?
When you grieve over the loss of a friend or a loved one or whatever.
Does it have to be on television?
What's better what it is?
Oh yeah.
But you like that?
My unfortunate unkind comments about Tim Russell.
I didn't say anything unkind about him.
All I said was that the coverage was not only excessive.
It was insane and it continues being insane.
It was time to get on at last night.
No matter which talking head network you turned on.
There was with Overnin again with Chris Matthews and Dan Abrams.
And Clarey of course had another panel.
Another panel.
Here's our panel for the hour.
You'll energizing and curing on.
There was Dan Ratherigan and it just witnessed enough enough already.
I mean how much more do we need to know about Tim Russell?
Did he invent the light bulb?
The inventor for cancer?
Was he like how about Jonas Salk?
And whether they are a sock vaccine for polio?
Yeah.
Can you imagine how many lives he saved when he croaked?
How many people even talked about it?
How many people even knew it?
Right.
But because he was part of the self-indulgent media,
therefore he must be much more important than anybody else.
And this guy in Port St. Lucie, let me tell you right now, Shove it.
That's my...
You know, I'm entitled to my opinion, that's mine.
And if you consider it to be insensitive or unkind, too bad.
God.
Just...
Let me see what they're doing on MSNBC right now.
They're still doing it.
I might bust a TV.
No.
Did she open her front door to find her air conditioning?
When we turned to the kitchen, she finds a man living in her home.
And it wasn't Tim Russell.
Thank God.
How do you like that?
Hmm.
And the Midwest floods on CNN.
I think maybe we find a God out of our system now.
You think?
I just...
I don't understand any of it.
And the carrying on about his son, Luke.
And, you know, I give the kid credit.
He got up there and he kept...
You know, he didn't break down.
And he, you know, he's conducting himself admirably.
But what's the big deal with him?
Is he...
Is he another rocket scientist?
He's the other one that's going to save the human race from itself.
What is so important about this family?
Can you tell me?
No, I can't.
Well, they're sure trying.
I guess they're going to have to keep on for another couple of weeks.
So I'll finally... I'll absorb it.
Somewhere along the line, I'm missing the point here.
So we had a lot of friends who were very fond of him
and who were like, uh...
thought he was the greatest thing since sliced bread.
Great!
But a couple of days after he died,
it would have been more than enough.
Like by the end of the day, Saturday would have been plenty.
And when really important people have made tremendous contributions to me in kind of a way,
they'd say, oh, guess what?
And not even that!
We don't even know about it.
Right.
That's why I start to show I put those deaths on the everyday living in the show.
Somebody may have heard of these people.
Just at least give them a little or something.
Acknowledgement that they existed.
12 minutes after 10 to 5.60 QA, I don't want to pick on Josh Cortes on here, but...
he is such a nitwit with that QA and website.
5.6.0
WQA
It's a fly girl.
They gave us so much, we let them get away with time forever.
Almost any bad crashes.
They're all by behind it.
All of the junk was completed, so people hear them play.
That crashes gets deeper.
You help me to do your bad.
The rays of the buildings,
remaining with the still of them falling.
And falling.
Just forget it all.
They know you will.
Never place the flame on the studies.
Even when it's them who are causing.
That seems going on.
All that's going wrong.
Not the parties.
Never place the flame on the studies.
All lighting, holding and with the lobby.
Divination and sorrow,
they're always in the shadows.
Very close, my treat.
With crazy little monkey.
They get away with that.
And you always look for the other.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Never place the flame on the studies.
Them neither truth and don't blame the studies.
It's our school they own.
And us they always fall with the studies.
Never place the flame on the studies.
Pricing on you to be positive.
It's never the fault of the party.
Place Bandar Bush.
1018-560 WQAM.
Remember Tuesday was talking about Milton Burrell on Climility?
That's right, and his thing.
And when he died, they made no big thing.
There was no caring on like this for days and days on end.
By the way, for television.
Milton Burrell or Tim Russell.
I just fact you a, the first page of a story that you might have
and might be interested in, and if you want the other two pages, let me know.
It's coming right out.
You hear that beep?
That was a good talk-up right to the beep.
Excellent.
I mean, I'm not trying to like this the guy that he croaked or anything like that,
but for crying out loud, how much is appropriate coverage?
And how much is like insane overkill, right?
Day after day after day, and I get a fact from some goofball and Port St. Lucie chewing me out.
God.
Media from Sudden Pursued.
Oh, that's interesting. Give me the rest of it.
Come on, I can't.
No more cancer.
No more cancer. I have a nervous breakdown because these are his favorite people.
That's because they're failures.
Fort Lauderdale's James Crystal claims it is the largest locally owned radio group in South Florida,
but some of its stations barely register a blip with listeners.
Most of them have a point.
Oh, oh.
That's right.
This is from Patrick Danner in the Herald.
Its most powerful and popular station, news talk WFTL 850, doesn't even appear in the arbitrarium ratings for the MIME 4 Lauderdale market,
though it finished 14th in the West Palm Boca Market and the latest ratings report.
A small audience may be the least of James Crystal's troubles,
it was just stocked with a $7 million verdict yesterday by Palm Beach jury.
Its landlord wants to evict it from its Fort Lauderdale studios,
the IRS is pursuing it and is being sued by vendors for unpaid bills.
Oh, and these are the people normal was talking about getting us a job over there.
Yep.
Those might be signs of financial distress at James Crystal and its sister companies,
industry-wide smaller radio companies, have a more difficult time because larger radio media companies bought the superior signal said,
wholly a rum bought, a MIME media consultant.
The weaker signals have less coverage areas so they reach a smaller number of ears.
Or just maybe the way James Crystal does business it says here.
Proceedings in a Delaware court reveal that James Crystal took advertising's money without broadcasting all their ads to boost the sale price of one station.
James Crystal's treasure testifies that the company's hold off paying bills as long as possible and operate near insolvency.
They avoid paying bills, sound familiar? Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, there's more to it?
Yep.
Okay, I got it.
I got it.
Don't tell me there's more than that.
Owner James Haleyurday 69-year-old career broadcaster has mixed the company's money with his own.
Treasure Richard Hines testimony would suggest that they basically intentionally run companies near the margins and drag creditors to the weeds.
Delaware court of Chantsuit Judge Leo Stein said at a February hearing.
Stein and a preliminary order barred the James Crystal companies from transferring any money,
making loans or providing anything of value to Hillier rather than a salary of more than 200 grand,
racting on everything said Steve Lapa, a real loser, WFTL's general manager,
referred to the various legal and financial matters.
We don't comment on these issues. It's a privately held company.
No one answered the phone or Hillier's California home.
Haleyurday last year told the Palm Beach Post he couldn't get alone to keep WFT on his other stations afloat.
He said he had to sell his highland beach home in three stations.
He conceded the post he had been traveling the world to dodge process servers in a court case.
James Crystal recently lost.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Wooo!
Haleyurday, an Indian native, has been in the business for more than 50 years as an on-air personality program manager,
general manglaring broadcast executive.
In 1997, Haleyurday entered the title of owner of the business,
and made he form James Crystal, combining his children's names, and bought what is now WFTL.
The next year he had four other stations among them,
what's now Sports Station WFLL 1400, OIC!
They finally changed the column, as they couldn't all be WFT on the still long run show up by the way they got a 0.0.
And WLVJA M1040, it's for what's itself as a family values radio station.
The Crown Jewel of the group had all contemporary station WRMF, one of Palm Beach County-sized rated stations.
I can't believe they own that.
James Crystal's ownership of WRMF for a short lived,
with a $53 million bank loaned by the station coming due,
and lacking the financial strength to obtain a new loan,
the company had no choice but to sell a station in 2002 according to a 66-page ruling by strong and last summer.
James Crystal needed to clear more than $60 million from the sale just to break even because the bank debt and large tax bill at Haleyur would incur from the sale.
West Palm Beach-based Cobalt operating bought WRMF for $70 million,
or 14 times the station's $5 million annual cash flow.
James Crystal received $63 million in cash,
a $5 million promissory note, and $2 million equity interest in Cobalt.
It wasn't long ago before Cobalt discovered James Crystal had given it bogus financial information about WRMF.
Cobalt discovered that James Crystal had inflated its cash flow by about $1 million
by not airing all of the ads advertising paid for, causing Cobalt to overpay for WRMF.
So Cobalt sued James Crystal seeking a $12 million refund of Cobalt represented to find a comment.
Not airing all the ads advertising is a paid for, I do like that. This is kind of like sliders and reverts.
That's right.
James Crystal called Cobalt's case a shakedown,
and denied any fraud ever happened to court papers indicate.
It claimed that Cobalt was suffering virus remorse,
and it cooked up the allegations of fraud and attempted to negotiate a deal.
Judge Strind didn't buy James Crystal's offense, though. Cobalt provided Crystal perpetrated a fraudulent scheme that was large in scope to this judge wrote.
In a co-sign about this,
James Crystal has to pay Cobalt of $180 grand for airtime Cobalt gave advertisers to make up for their ads that didn't air.
James Crystal appealed a ruling but the Delaware Supreme Court upheld Strind's decision.
The legal tangle is an over. Cobalt's gone back to court to give James Crystal to pay.
Cobalt wants to pierce the James Crystal company's corporate veil to make heel your personally liable for the money owed to Cobalt.
And these are the people that normal was talking that always talks to. These are his buddies. These are his contacts in the radio business.
Oh my God.
In court papers Cobalt says six months after notified James Crystal of its fraud claim,
heel your bar $12.5 million from Wells Fargo, foothill capital, using the radio station's escalator.
The money went to pay debts and cover operating cost, James Crystal says,
admits heed his old-ass son Colorado home last year to pay down $7 million of the farewells Fargo debt,
which Cobalt said had gone to groomed at $24 million.
On, on, on. Meanwhile, James Crystal lost again when a Palm Beach County Circuit Court jury last month
the side of the company should pay $7 million to CBS radio stations for lowering a radio personality
of CBS station and West Palm Beach's joint WRMF in 2000, Crystal plans to appeal.
James Crystal had some other distractions to deal with as well. The IRS last month had James Crystal with a $26,000 tax lien
for failing to pay employees payable unemployment taxes.
An IRS spokesman said he couldn't come up with a lien's been satisfied.
And James Crystal's landlord claims it hasn't been paid rent at its studio at $66.70 North Andrews Avenue for Lauderdale.
The landlord's moved to a victor company hearing on a motion for a final default,
a schedule for Wednesday in Broward Circuit Court. Maybe yesterday, I don't know. Maybe next Wednesday.
Who knows?
What's the date on this?
I don't know.
Yesterday.
So, ZDS, yeah, well, what turns is a make? Okay, they got real tourists is what they got.
Thanks a lot, Norma, for almost getting a, wouldn't that have been great? They could have paid us a
Cousinian dollars to work there, of course, we never would have paid.
Get the money.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
Fourth, maybe a five, fifty, Q-A-M.
The fourth leader.
One, two, four, double G-E-L-E-L.
Call for you, Mr. Bell.
Oh, Joe Bell here.
I was wondering if you could give me nails email.
Oh, I'm afraid that would be unprofessional to me to give nails private email out.
Okay.
Not without his phone number two.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Ah, tell you what, give me your email address and I'll send you all this personal information.
Well, that, uh, make you happy, Bunky?
Sure.
Okay, here's, uh, his email.
He's, uh, cell phone.
Oh, can't leave out his street address, can we?
Oh, and, uh, here's something you may not have expected.
Okay.
But first I've got to ask you, what's your favorite radio station?
The Affordable Radio WQAM.
We're nothing else but sports matters to management.
Ho ho!
We got a winner!
Wow, you just want yourself deals personal safety count number and private payments.
Ho ho ho ho!
And another big big big winner.
Unwonderful WQAM.
Wow, another winner.
On five to go, tell a new Tuesday and get ready.
Yeah, let's get all the jingles on here, huh?
We're just fake it today and pay all the jingles all day.
Today.
Here's the, um, well, mail it in.
Today, don't crack your knuckles up.
Okay, you're going to get a fax about that too.
You can email from Joe Bellgene.
Oh, some caller said it's really gross.
George is eating and cracking his knuckles on the ear.
Just wait a little later.
I'll do it at the same time.
Yeah, crack your ass.
Ho ho ho!
Oh, where's the poll?
Who's the worst political figure in South Florida history?
And I never even did get to read this yet because you interrupted while you were tirade about Tim Russert.
Sorry.
I'm not sorry.
I'll tell you that.
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm lively, I'm pissed off and fired up.
But you know that's the way it is.
I mean, yeah, I'm not looking for ass kissing, but Jesus.
How come it is that there's so much negativity, huh?
And don't look at me, I'm Mr. Positive.
I gotta bet this morning with the real positive altitude on my push.
Positive?
I'm positive.
Absolutely.
But the very first facts that amortem we get is some negative crap from some goofball
in Forse Lucie who feels compelled to take the time to write me about, oh he's been listening
so many years and he's a big fan, but always a big fat butt.
Reckon that they have to stick in the middle, but how unfortunate my comments, my insensitive
cover, you know what?
There was nothing insensitive at all.
It had nothing to do with the fact that this guy died.
It had to do with the fact that the media are in a feeding frenzy.
They're like insane.
They're crazed.
They're lunatics.
I sit there and I flip that dial around and I keep coming back to the same crap over
and over.
How many times do they need to tell us the same things?
He's been elevators at a level like a saint.
Popes, presidents, world leaders die and they'll get five days of non-stop coverage,
of non-stop ass-looking.
Who is the worst political figure in South Florida history?
Is the poll question?
Ilyana Ross-Latin, 82 vote.
Oh, geez.
I'm crazy.
Prick-and-ass crazy bitch.
Nick DeVarro, 45, Ken Jenny, 44.
Joe Carrillo, 37.
He won this poll last time we did it years ago, hands down, but he's small potatoes now.
Nobody hears from Joe Carrillo no more.
Alex Penelis, 28.
I don't think I can say pink is peccane anymore.
No, I don't think so.
No.
Alex Penelis, 28.
Alcy Hastings, 27.
Rower Martinez, 19.
Ask the hopper, he'll tell you about Pat Rower Martinez.
Savior Suarez, who may be the only candidate ever to knock on people's doors in his bathroom
at three in the morning.
11.
Doug Danzig, 10.
Joe Gerstin, 10.
Spelled wrong.
Jim Nogel, 7.
Sonny Rosenberg.
Oh!
Can he still be alive?
5.
Inquiry, minds of them know a Sonny Rosenberg.
That old goat still alive at Hellendil.
Maurice for a five.
On Berkdor Hernandez for, I don't even know who that is.
Larry Smith for Bobby Butterworth three.
Our teals got up here.
Alex Dowd, two.
I wonder if he's kidded that guy who used to play for the Leafs.
Dowd.
I don't know what it is, Dan Dowd.
Ed Stack II, Steve Clark II, John L. L. L. L. One, Barry Schreiber, one in Donald
Warshod, don't have any.
I'll first do 151 vote.
We'd have at least 352 if Harry Potter put the poll on in a timely fashion way, didn't.
But he's probably got his own summer schedule, you know.
Look at this.
South LaVore, get a lot of radio news now.
The other way.
Why is that?
I don't know.
It's just there.
Len Garvin in the Hero of Rights, magic 102.7 makes temporary DJ, new morning man.
How do you like that?
That calls for a Rick Shaw jingle, I think.
Rick Shaw unwendiful WQ here.
Stopped for the old East Asian magic WMXJ has a new morning man sort of.
Joe Johnson of head around the station has been filling in the morning shift since Bruce
Kelly was fired two months ago.
We'll take it over permanently, magic executive said yesterday.
Joe Johnson.
Remember when he used to be our friend?
Nope.
He was going with Linda Thornton Reston piece.
Well, I can't believe she died.
She was one of the few people in all these years that I've been in the market, whoever actually
wrote about radio and radio.
And she actually owned one.
The transmission worked so well we wanted to keep it going, said Bob Hamilton, the unshiss,
unacceptable program director, magic 102.7 as the station's known to its listeners.
Does he keep partnering with perpetual second banana, Donna Davis, not working as a sidekick
with the third magic morning man?
She's a perpetual second banana.
Johnson started out of magic's night shift 22 years ago, but since becoming the
station's production manager nine years ago, his own air presence mostly had been restricted
to a show Beatle brunch, syndicated to 110 markets around the country.
Magic executive is a person about taking over the morning show two years ago when Rick
Shaw retired two years ago.
Johnson turned them down.
Rick retired two years ago.
I know.
That's a question, not a statement.
Yeah.
Has been that long, since I've gone to the show, I've been here a year and a half.
Yeah, this is bogus Glenn.
Retired two years ago, my ass.
I just turned 50 and I thought of my days getting up at 3.30 and more and to go to the station
whereover Johnson said, but working with Davis changes mine.
Down and I are good friends off the air Johnson said, my wife and I hang with Donna her husband
all the time.
Being on the air with us, almost like being a dinner with her, we have this chemistry which
reinfigurates on the air.
Johnson will keep doing he talks like through his teeth.
He's a good guy though.
Will keep doing Beatle brunch which airs 10 to 11 a.m. Sunday.
He doesn't expect massive changes in the morning show though it will probably feature more music
and fewer interviews.
Johnson's predecessor Bruce Kelly thirded with the move to Philadelphia but decided he wants to stay in South Florida.
It's talking to radio stations here.
Oh my god.
This man must be a lunatic.
He hopes to be back on your locally by the end of the summer.
Otherwise it's here is your burgers and shake have a nice day.
He said whatever that means.
Oh in other words he's going to be doing that like Hanson.
Although the one, oh there's your president waddling up the stairs of Air Force One.
We have a station so widespread as we've been following here.
Getting out of the Air Force one.
That's it. Give that silly bunch of you a faggy wave.
I want to begin the president getting ready to go to Iowa.
I remember not sorry he gives that to the real, yeah, if feminine wave.
Wtf Q.A.N. Hello.
Q.A.N. Hello.
Neil. Yes sir.
Here it is finally in business management magazine.
Beasley's to sell radio stations throughout Florida and Georgia to J.S.K. Media.
Incorporated.
On page 17 of business management magazine.
Do you have a magazine that magazine?
Business writer's red record.
I have a subscription.
Business writer's no room.
Uh huh.
B.N. magazine.
Maybe they're all busy doing a choice.
Hey listen, I guess I think I'm going to be upset about that.
It could only be an improvement.
Pay us all off is what I say.
Business management magazine.
See, rather than just do it like with a regular voice, you know,
he just took his hand.
It is right.
Wow.
Where's all the comment about Tim Russert?
You think that's all everybody is talking about these days.
They're not talking about the floods in the Midwest.
They're not talking about all the dead people in Iraq about the weather.
They're going to invade Iran.
They're not talking about any of these things.
About $4 a gallon for gas.
About the economy is going to hell in a hand basket.
A Tisk of the Taskit.
It's going in the basket.
No.
They're talking about Tim Russert.
No doubt.
The Dexterity Thisha Rogers.
Forty to five sixty QAM.
The fourth leader.
The fourth queer radio is one that queues War QAM.
Weird the greatest country in the world.
Say it loud, say it proud aware of the USA.
Weird the greatest country...
What's that sound?
That's China shoveling dearer on us.
But that's our soil.
Not anymore.
We're a dead or nation.
They'll never bury us.
Why not?
Because we're the dead is a tree in the world.
USA, USA is what we're trained to say.
We're the greatest country in the world.
I think the Chinese are really trying to bury us.
That's not the Chinese this time.
It's the Saudis.
And we're going to let them get away with it?
Why not?
We let them get away with everything else.
Then we'll have to just amuse them with our misinformed jingo with them.
We better do it fast if you want to go home and watch TV.
Come on, corporate media.
We're the greatest country in the world.
Say it loud, say it proud, where the USA is.
We're the greatest country in the world.
Groopers, madders, magnavors, hoon.
OK, 10.45 at 5.60 W.A.M.
So Rick Shaw retired in November 20, he announced his retirement.
November 28, 2006.
And actually retired his life show was on May 8 or 9 or 10th or something like that.
2007.
OK, so just over a year ago.
So as usual, if you read it in a hero, you know it's probably incorrect.
Nice going, Glenn Garvin.
He retired two years ago in my ass.
But that's so what you get.
Look at that phone, man.
What did you do yesterday?
Did you do something evil to the audience?
You're wild, it's hard.
Or was it because of my insensitive comments about Tim Ross?
I'm sure you lost up with the audience.
You drove them away.
You know, 5.6705.
6.6, you want to take a lot of calls today.
I'm only here Tuesday and Thursday.
I'm going to lose touch like Joe Bell says, don't you want to hear from your fans?
Oh, oh.
5.6705.60 and pound 5.60 in the Verizon and CKW.
The jerk show at two, mad dog from Shoola State to it for dolphins tonight.
Or Kim Bocaver at seven.
8 to 11, it's Curtis for D.A.
Who's doing the morning show now for Orlando is the bigger one vacation.
He get canned.
No idea.
WQ AM. Hello.
I just got my day.
WQ AM. Hello.
So anyway, yes, we interrupt this fun for some business.
Okay. How are you?
I just wanted to give you an update of what you were.
I just looked down there.
The banner is not that watch.
You just refresh it one more time.
Yeah, because I just put it back on there.
Yeah.
And it's very simple.
Why did this appear in the first place?
Because there's like a there's a date when you put up there.
It is.
Yeah, when you put up back, there's a date.
It's supposed to be up from this time and this time in the date ran out.
So I just had to fix that.
What does that mean?
In other words, we're like on a limited deal there like.
No, like like when I post the banner, it, you know, why?
Why can't you just put down their TFN?
You know what?
I'm not even going to go into it.
I also came into thank you for my check.
I wanted to do that.
Oh, yeah, how the ring so hollow now, you know?
What's that?
What do you mean?
It's like saying, oh, it's my birthday.
My birthday was two days ago and you didn't wish me.
Oh, by the way, related happy birthday.
I mean, it's just it rings hollow.
But I haven't even been in here.
I mean, you, you, I just got it in there, but you run the phone before I haven't.
You're right, but I think Brandon's got a really good point about you.
Come on now.
Well, thanks for the check anyway.
You're welcome.
If you're going for a good deal, you're all the other one.
No, I haven't even cashed it yet.
Well, good.
I'm, I think I'm going to get good in that case.
Wait a minute.
I got to make a call.
I'm doing it.
No, I got to make a phone call.
What's the number of the check?
Don't worry.
I'll find it.
Okay.
Well, enjoy it and have a great life.
And thanks for getting that back on here.
Just I don't want to have to keep refreshing and doing stuff and keep
posking around and just trying to make your life easier.
Yeah, sure you are.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
Deputy Q.A.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Neil, did you see Mario Lopez is spread in people magazine?
I don't read people magazine.
No, I did.
I've got to be with you.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
You asked me a question.
I'm trying to answer.
Okay.
I don't read people magazine number one and number two.
I don't give a flying craft about Mario Lopez.
I don't read it either, but that picture alone and these.
You can pause the quarter after guys ask.
Uh-huh.
Hot.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm sure you'd rather bust something else out the desk, but I won't see what it is.
I think we all know what it is.
560.0560.
Pound 560 on me Verizon and singular wireless line.
You do fair.
Deputy Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Yeah, this Neil.
Yeah.
Hey, man, I think Russ was a slot, man.
Wasn't he over in Italy before we got to get too many canolies.
That might have been it.
I think that's what got him.
I think that treadmill trust is what finally put him over the edge.
Plus the short turnaround on the trip back from Italy.
Those trips can do it.
Maybe he had like what's it called?
Like David Blumhead.
What do they call that when you have a.
Clot.
Blood clot.
No, not a blood.
It's like a blood.
An aneurysm.
No, not an aneurysm.
What is wrong with you?
No, not a stroke.
It's like a blood.
You don't want to get hurt.
What you want to say?
What?
What?
David Blumhead in Iraq.
Don't you remember?
And he died also.
And by the way, David Blum, not that he was his famous Tim Russell.
And he certainly wasn't in our face as much as Tim Russell.
He was a really good reporter and a good family guy.
And he got about, well, I'm no ten minutes.
Top's coverage.
But now there's a new deal because we got the new 24 hour seven news cycle man
with all the talking headchannels.
And so they got a lot of time to fill up.
And so when one of their own dies, we go on and on and on.
Isn't that enough to say, okay, he died.
It was very unfortunate.
It was a good guy.
And every soul afraid to.
That's what I said on Tuesday.
He never stole a freight train.
He didn't bother me.
No, he was just there.
But the idea that people come from all parts of the country to walk by the casket
based on what?
Based on I have no right.
I guess.
WQ AM.
Hello.
I was George.
WQ AM.
Hello.
Q AM.
I said to the tower.
WQ AM.
Hello.
Q AM.
Hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Good morning, Neil.
If it doesn't work out, there's plenty of openings in JC Penny wetland mall.
Yeah.
Okay.
It doesn't work out in the future.
Plenty.
Now I'm sure you know about the openings.
Right.
WQ AM.
Hello.
Something.
Her gas station.
Doesn't it.
Does.
WQ AM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
How you doing?
Okay.
I hope you're enjoying your three day.
How you eight.
I'm fine.
Do you have.
I don't have access to the Internet.
But do you have a Bob Martinez on the list?
Bob Martinez, the governor.
Right.
Was he a South Florida politician?
Well, he was in Florida.
South Florida is the question.
Sorry.
You ought to be.
All of that.
The Brandon says get Josh out of there.
He's incompetent and the job and the Brandon misspelled incompetent.
Oh no.
Here's a great story though.
Wow.
Wait for you to this police catch man who had marijuana around his penis.
Really?
Really?
I'm printing it out right now.
That doesn't work.
It depends if you have enough for a forcekin to hide it.
I guess.
Nobody to Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A first test all that is used for the doctor is they can cut you open and make a ton of money
and do buy that surgery.
That's all it's for.
What?
Traff test.
If you fail it, you're fine.
Oh, yes.
Stress test is one of the dumbest things anybody ever invented.
It's a way to try to kill you.
Yeah.
And then if you fail it, we need buy that surgery and then they bring the catcher to Sir
in Alpin and they make a ton of money.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thanks for the bulletin.
Getting caught with marijuana by police is bad enough but the drug arrest of John Christopher
Williams, 34, is particularly embarrassing.
This is a Metro Halifax.
So it must be a...
I don't know whether it's Canada Halifax or who knows.
Looks like a birthday to me.
Williams had a lengthy criminal record failed to show up for court dates more than once,
leading to a warrant for his arrest.
When police found an arrest at him, they didn't find any drugs on.
Williams didn't say anything.
It was only when it was being checked into prison that guards discovered nine grams of marijuana
wrapped around his penis.
Williams says it was all in this understanding.
He appeared yesterday in Dartmouth Provincial Court under charges smuggling drugs into
prison.
His lawyer said Williams did not realize that he should have told police about the pod sooner.
He was sentenced to 30 days.
Boss of 30, man.
And a slamer.
Should have told him, hey, that's just a hep condom, man.
Here's the fact that you happen to see over my last night.
Yeah, I did see it.
He had a very interesting report on the Enron, the reporter that came out of his figures,
teachers rating, a lot of people didn't get to do with the bubble in oil prices.
Did see that.
Mike fell some good time.
If you can find that and play a very good stuff.
And of course, McCain is goofed every way along.
Oh, yeah, I'm going to kill some good time by playing Keith Overnment every.
You know, I love the show.
Although they were doing the more the same crap again last night.
More the same.
More clips from the day immemorial service.
And more about Luke and I've had it.
I have absolutely had it.
I'm sick of it.
How many times did need you repeat the same damn crap?
Okay, it was a good guy.
People in the media, his colleagues like them, his family loved them.
Great.
He's dead.
Okay, he's not coming back.
He's dead.
And all this garbage about, oh, he's up there and having a good laugh.
He's not up and having, he's in a box.
If he's up in heaven, not in a box, then all those people who came from all those all
kinds of places, they were kind.
It was a kind job then.
Do you want to come thousands of miles to Waltz Pass and empty box and give it your
regards?
Well, it depends on how fancy the box is.
Tisket, a tasker, it was a pretty fancy casket.
Oh, or that case, I'm pressing a fancy for it.
Okay.
If I took pseudo.
You people in the media, you're sick.
You're the enablers, baby.
You're the ones who allowed 9-11 to take place.
You're the ones who allowed this, they're racquetactical one.
And by the way, Russert was one of those.
He could have done a lot to educate the American public about the con job back then when
it was going on.
It was well known, but nevertheless, you don't say that after somebody dies.
Okay, I won't say it.
Because then I'll get another facts from that goofball in Portean Lucy.
WDQAM, hello.
Nail.
Yes.
Have you ever been to the Caribbean?
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, from Bosis, from Bosis, from Bosis.
Yeah.
Okay, hope you get it.
Q&A, hello.
Nail.
Yeah.
Yeah, the uh, uh, uh, uh, that superstition you were talking about, is DVT, DVP, VTB from Bosis.
No.
Is that the word you're said in the plane for too long?
Right, that's what David Blum had from sitting in that tank, but that's uh, that, that's not
what the word, uh eh, yeah, that's one of the terms for it.
All right, thank you.
Thanks.
Let me Google later, Blum.
All right.
Huh.
What's some Google in music?
No.
Maybe that isn't.
I would know if you're right, because obviously I don't know what it was.
What?
I didn't know what it was, so.
I'll take your word for it.
Well, it says here in a story from a blood clot.
And then the red vein thrombosis is correct, but there's one other term for it.
Nevertheless, it comes from a clot.
And we sit in one position to long-
Pulmonary embolism?
Yeah, that's it.
Pulmonary embolism.
Very good.
Let's hear it for Chris.
Where'd you find that?
Wikipedia.
Pulmonary embolism.
No, no matter what you call it, it ain't good.
I'm the fourth leader.
Right now, look how close under the existing rules, look how close Barack Obama is to the
finish line.
So, her Clinton way back here.
Barack Obama is now needs fewer than 100 delegates to get to the finish line.
He was the best candidate for the fixed health candidate for his Clinton.
Barack, you're damn right.
He's the man who changed the economy for the working man.
Barack, do you think it's wrong?
He's the cat that I care to see if I can lose, but I like this all about.
Barack, I don't.
I'm gonna say Barack is a young mother.
I'm just talking about Barack.
He's an educated man who wants to be your president man.
You got to vote for this man.
Plus face, nobody thought of 46-year-old black guy named Barack Obama was gonna be the
Democrat's nominee.
Very good.
Look how close Barack Obama is to the finish line.
He doesn't need much and he's the Democratic nominee.
Okay, thank you for your perspication observations.
It's a level O2 of 560WDQM.
Happy Thursday to you.
Here's the next piece of evidence I entered into testimony.
What's the date on this?
June 2003.
So, five years ago, from broadcasting and cable, not Barack Obama's room, not from the
Republican.
Broadcasting and cable.
TV legend, Brinkley, dead at 82.
David Brinkley, the quick-witted, usually politely, cynical news anchor and commentator.
First, NBC and then ABC died.
June 12th at his home in Houston after a fall.
See, what I tell you when you get to be an old fart, don't fall down.
Can I tell you that?
Yep.
He was 82 and for most of those years in American news icon known for his flawless writing
at a staccato speaking style that gave emphasis to his short spare sentences.
He also knew how not to say anything at all and let television do the talking.
A skill radio-trained TV announcers often lacked.
He's dead.
June 12th, 1980.
What is it?
2003.
Five years ago this month.
How many seconds did that get on TV?
Two seconds.
David Brinkley's dead.
Now, granted, he was 82.
He wasn't 58, but nevertheless.
Who did mohle for broadcast journalism for NBC and ABC?
David Brinkley or Tim Russell?
Is there any contest?
Is there any comparison?
Who was the greater icon in the history of American television?
At least silly people schlepping from South Carolina and California to go to Washington to walk past their box.
Jesus, God Almighty.
And you want to know why because the meeting told them it's very important.
That's right.
This that's gone on the last five days, this even makes the alien business.
And since he's back in the news again with his communist routine, this even makes that pale in a win significance.
And Diana.
Remember all that business with Diana?
Who gave a flying craft about Diana?
Fat shudders.
Pasty looking bitch.
Right, fags.
Right.
Elton John.
Mm-hmm.
Puerto Rican Rouse says never mind a passing at Tim Russell, but the other thing is the Tiger Woods leg issue.
That's right.
If it's not Tim Russell, it's dead.
It's Tiger is going to miss the rest of the season.
Oh, what are we going to do without Tiger?
And Ralph says if he doesn't play the rest of his life, he's got more money than you or me can ever count.
That's why he's got more money than God.
And another thing, how long are they going to keep on with adjacent tail or craft?
Is he getting ready for nutcracker, sweet, job free ballet or the mommy city ballet?
It brings back memories of Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy and Jenny that went on for a hundred years.
By the way, happy anniversary, George, he says if you need paint killers, have to get your nuts cut off, call me.
I'm mom covered.
So Saturday, George is getting his nuts cut off.
Correct.
He doesn't realize that's how they do it now.
That's right.
Life's going to keep him in a jar.
Interprese.
Little baby feet jar.
Gonna show people.
Pierre Tristan on the Smirking Champ Routes, um, two days ago.
Tuesday.
Rusted gave the established power more voice on the Smirking Champ.
And this sums it up pretty well.
And I guess he's going to get a faction that God supports a Lucy demanding an apology?
Probably.
Pierre Tristan says, my sympathies go to Tim Rusted's family.
My father died the same way.
Massive heart attack in the middle of the day in the prime of his life.
He was 46.
Rusted was 58.
Chopped doesn't begin to describe the effect on those who stayed behind.
Try anger, try sense of loss that contrary to greeting card dribble never fades until I see you.
I expect one zone final collapse.
Rusted wasn't family, but it's fair to say as the casket littered lines at the end of obituaries usually do,
that a survivor's include the three million viewers who tuned in every Sunday to watch me depressed,
even the procession of politicians have been squirming their way through a show since 91.
Sadly for us, TV personalities can seem closer to us than family members,
Rusted, however, never had that effect on me.
Respect for the man-aside, there's a matter of respecting journalism when assessing Rusted's place in the trade.
That respect has been lacking in almost universally fonding tributes to Rusted and the crafty represented.
Journalists and politicians from the present on down have formed yet another procession of praise and prostrations worthy of say,
Diana or Elvis, but Tim Rusted?
That's what journalism as we know it today is, primarily an adjunct of the cult of celebrity,
a shareholder in the business of image management to protect, foremost, the business of America.
When the powerful pay tribute to Rusted, he was an institution in both news and politics for more than two decades were President Bush's autopilot words,
their pay tribute to themselves, to the establishment Rusted represented, defended, and unfortunately for us encrusted.
You expect politics to be a game between scoundrels, to be the Arctic-evading mankind by deceiving them as Isaac, Israeli, Benjamin's son put it.
You don't expect journalists to enable the fraud, but to unravel, at least occasionally,
Rusted's reputation rested on the no-nonsense interview decided to do just that. It was more reputation than reality.
Since the age of Reagan, the perception of tough journalism as parallel to perception of integrity and politics
when law, all law and politics and journalism had complicit in legitimizing spin and interpretation ahead of fact.
In more honest days we call that propaganda, but that's one of those shrewl words not to be used in poly company,
and Rusted's court was nothing if not a weekly oath to the appropriate.
The late Michael Kelly reporter and editor whose death in Iraq in 2003 was to my mind a greater bloated journalism than Russets.
The scribe is in a peaceful New York Times magazine in 1993, two years into Russets stood at beat the press.
He said on the Sunday talk show is the celebrity host and the celebrity reporter and the celebrity political strategist sit side by side,
and the sessions between them were not apparent to the naked eye.
In effect, there are one members of the faith stars of a culture they themselves have created.
Instead, they have acknowledged their oneness. Indeed, not instead. Indeed, they have acknowledged their oneness and given themselves a name, the insiders and language.
Language reveals, as all languages, do a great deal about how its speakers see themselves and the world.
It is self-referential, self-important, self-mocking, and very nearly, if subconsciously self-loathing. It's deeply cynical.
It portrays a society where to be knowing is to admit the fraud of ones functioning the act of performing them, at least they have the loathing right.
Two weeks before the Iraq war, I attended a taping and meet the press. Among Russets, Guest Fred Thompson, the actor and occasional conservative senator, talked about oneness and Mike Ferrell, the little activist actor and star of Mash.
Ferrell had produced an ad for Citizens United, arguing against going to war, endagering the lives of our troops, expending horrendous amounts of money that has not been budgeted for, and the American people have been told about the expensive it, all of her weapons of mass destruction that didn't exist while Osama bin Forgotten remained at large.
Thompson, who was featured in his own ad name calling war opponents, was brought onto Ridicule Ferrell and did with this one line.
Oh my goodness, where do you start?
The last five years, of course, kept providing the answer at cost of tens of thousands of lives and soon to be at $30,000.
You start not by going to war, and answer Ferrell and like-minded Ridicule war opponents already knew.
And what's your tharte day? His questions of Ferrell were straight out of the White House playbook.
How can you say inspections are working when we're here, we are 12 years after the Persian Gulf War, and Thracs, Mustards still account for inspectors have been in Iraq for the last four years.
We don't know what state of potential nuclear program is. Actually, UN inspectors were trying to do their job in Iraq, and various parts of the American tell this community were discrediting the WMD allegations.
We just weren't told, and Ruster was the kind of institution that questioned the White House gospel. He wasn't. I'm not reading this well at all.
You're following this fine. I'm not. It didn't make any sense. We just weren't told, and Ruster wasn't the kind of institution that questioned White House gospel.
In an interview with President Bushier later, Ruster posed all the right questions. There was a sense in the country that the intelligence that was given was ambiguous, and that you took it emolded it and shaped it, your opponent said, hyped it and rushed to war.
Looking back in your mind, is it worth the loss of 530 American lives and 3,000 injuries?
In light of not finding the weapons of mass destruction, do you believe the war in Iraq is a war of choice or war of necessity?
Those are the kinds of questions that gave Ruster his reputation as a tough interview, but in every case the question was a setup for Bush to give his standard pre-packaged answer, knowing he could trust Ruster never ridiculed a packaging, and Ruster never did.
The truth is that on any net of the week John Stuart's daily showed us more than a two-minute segment to show politicians own words, alvenal, dishonest counter-conternatory and just plain dense they can be, and Ruster didn't in Sunday services.
Ruster's master was always the political structure he grilled, but never fundamentally questioned. You always knew who sided with John, power, not truth, and by power I don't mean his own of which he had plenty, but the powerful men in occasion of women invited to his Versailles.
I mourn his death, but I wish I could mourn the death of the journalism he represented to the detrimental journalism and malformed citizens that parody lives on.
He's got some nerve right in the truth, you know what? He's going to get a facts from that yes.
He's the first off guy in the Port St. Lucie. Maybe even Greg from Port St. Lucie will be there. Look at that, you're a logo on your t-shirt that he's got an ad facts.
What do you like? What do you smoke? Nothing. It's just part of the course.
I thought it was going to be something really important like another fact saying that guy Port St. Lucie's full of crap right on Neil.
This media, this media overkill is insanity, it's madness, lunacy, obnoxious, like our management, disgusting, gross test.
Let me accept your claim. The best talent.
The most important thing is you're the longest sport in your 5.60 QAM. The sports leader.
Deal got out, WQL. Where the faggot is? You friend.
Welcome back to the Joe Rochelle. Hey, need a car? You feeling you bought from the factory?
Rock the rock the clock tonight rock rock rock. I love singing chingos. Welcome back to Joe Rochelle. Here we go.
Number one deal.
Bluff, fluff, fistpiece. Oh man, what a relief it is. Joe Rochelle is here for kaboot cereal man. It has nuts.
Little bits of marshmallows and all kinds of crazy things.
You deserve a break today. Hey dude, there's the Kaboolai. You're in the Pepsi generation.
It's a Joe Rochelle man and I'll be back after this word.
Just a thing. Hey, I've told you like a good neighbor. Winston tastes good like a cigarette chord.
Flimuth will never be the same.
We'll be back with more than Joe Rochelle but first what do you have? That's blue ribbon. What do you have?
That's blue ribbon. Dude, what do you have? That's blue ribbon. That's blue ribbon.
Wonderful world of air condition shopping. Lauderdale mall. Lauderdale mall.
Goes a kid to leave the middle of an Oreo first and save the chocolate on the outside for last.
I'll be back with the wrap things up after these few words.
Get real actions in it up your thirst away.
Dude, shaper is the one to have if you're having more than white.
You can take sale of out of the country but.
That's what QM is all about now. Joe and his are singing spots.
It's just amazing. Let me give you another example.
I don't want to beat a dead horse but never less than me.
Johnny Carson is one of the most well-known TV personalities.
Johnny Carson died January 24th 2005.
Three and a half years ago.
Of emphysema. He smoked himself to that. Too many faggots.
He was 79 and announced in 2002 he was suffering from emphysema.
He was host of the tonight show from October 1st, 1962 to May 22nd, 92.
Almost 30 years. Taking over from Jack Parr handing off to Jay Leno after 4531 episodes.
Now, granted there was clips of the old tonight show were shown and there was some discussion.
Was there the kind of gnashing of teeth and carrying on for five days that we've seen about Tim Russert when Johnny Carson died?
No.
No. Anything even close? No.
Now let me ask you this. In the history of NBC television, who is more significant?
Johnny Carson or Tim Russert? I realize Meet the Press has been on for a long, long time.
More than any other American TV show? Yeah. You know the only show that's been on loggering North America than the Meet the Press?
Hockey Night in Canada. That's right. You've mentioned that before. Yeah. Well now you know it. For sure.
Johnny Carson died and it's like, oh gee, well you know Johnny, he's great. Everybody loved him.
Yeah, there were some tributes they wanted for a couple of days and that was it. We didn't have all these public ceremonies and all these memorials and all these speeches.
My God. You'd have thought like I said on Tuesday that the whole world is just spinning around. Life, as we knew it has changed.
My life hasn't. My life is still okay. Yeah, I'll do it right. Yeah. Considering we're still alive. Sure, it's better than the alternative.
56670560. I don't know if this audience is alive though. We haven't had any comment about this.
And you want to know why? Because the media's got people so brainwashed that they believe whatever the media decided to tell them. That's what's important.
Whether it's alien is hiding in the house with the drunks there in Little Havana. Or whether it's Diana and a car sitting on the highway in Paris.
This is what's important craft. Okay. WQA M. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? And don't forget about Tiger's knee. Yes, sir. Hey, this media friend Z over a russet will never be an issue with Tom Brokall because it's impossible to tell whether he's dead or alive. Yeah, good point.
And the death notice that I like the best is that he's in a better place. Now that's a great one. Oh, yeah. And it says a hell of a lot about this place, doesn't it?
But it's terminal today. It's raining. Neil got two choices of the mall or get under the covers. This is a suggestion about the show. I know you love hearing suggestions. Oh, sure.
So every day you walk a tight rope. I mean, you write wrong every day you're in there. One day, how about showing up with a mile bus? Ever bought of that? No.
I mean, it's not a bang in those pleasure machines to get you fixed. I mean, George can tighten you up with some shrooms. No. All right. Just this. I'm sorry. I have a better idea. How long one day you don't shave and do the show with a mile bus? There you go. Oh, yeah.
I was all in mushrooms. Hey, don't work with me. I'm not. I don't do the show on drugs. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and the Verizon singular wireless line. WQ a in. Hello.
Yes, sir. Good evening. Hey, did you see the Mario Lopez on people magazine? WQ a.m. Hello?
Don't answer your phone. It's not a question. Come on. Come on. Stop it. I got it. WQ a.m. Hello.
Hey, yeah. Yes, sir. You know, the thinking regarding regarding me about your things. Was it as much coverage when Peter Jennings died?
No, not even close. No, almost none. I would think he was even probably more known. You know, in the public view of. He was on the air every night for many, many years doing the news, reading it.
Right. And then on a side note, I watched the movie The Insider last night. What a great movie. Did you ever see that movie? The insider. Who's in it? Yeah. It's Al Pacino, Ruffle Crow and Christopher Fummer plays the 60 minutes guy. It's a very good movie. Really? I think you saw it though about the smoking thing. Oh, yeah. That's a great movie. You're right. Right. I wonder if they'll make this now when he when he quotes will there be that much media coverage for him? Who's that?
Well, it's a. Right. He's only 150 years old. It's coming. You're right. Okay. See him. Come on.
Michael Wallace is going to croak. Don't be sad. I cause any hill croaking will be your fault. You'll have my own. You'll have to live with that curse for the rest of your life.
Let me. Don't give him a canary. Concerns about Barack Obama's ability to compete in key swing states have decided last several lessons are falling by the wayside.
As a new poll this week shows a ahead of John McCain in Florida which is shocks just shocks the daylights on me. Oh, Hi, you and Pennsylvania.
And now that the McCain has jumped on the offshore drilling a bandwagon, Florida's going to even get them or a hostile toward him.
And even your bag governor is oh, yeah, that's a really good idea. We need that oil. That's going to really change a lot. Not.
The Quinnipiac University poll shows Obama had a McCain in these three states for the first time in Florida. Obama's had 47 to 43 in Ohio 48 to 42 and in Pennsylvania.
Obama leads McCain 52 to 40%. Concerns about women who support a Hillary abandoning the Democratic nominee and favor McCain appear to be unfounded.
Obama leads McCain by 10 to 23% among the poll of likely voters.
What does that mean? See, there's a who wrote this? I heard of Nick Julianna in something. I don't know where I got this among women.
He's got a huge lead among women. Women are crazy about old men.
It's rich old men they like, but he's not rich as his wife. That bitch got all the money.
But don't be attacking the candidate's wives now. See, this is part of the whole thing. Celebrity in politics and celebrity in journalism. Everything is celebrity.
Oh, but Michelle Obama was on the view. Didn't you, Syria? Who cares? Who cares?
I think we ought to bring back Bud Coddier and instead of having any election, just have a rerun of beat the clock.
Whichever candidate competes does the best job on that with Ozilogames, he's the president.
How about you chicken-equipped enjoy that? Bud Coddier and beat the clock.
The best talent you've ever seen in the world is the sport of my 60 QAM.
And beat fourth later.
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God.
From Palm Springs to Palm Beach, she's filled every basement with center of the country and now get ready, Helen Bell.
Yes today.
There's wealth since going on like your philosophy back.
This Sunday, one afternoon on late, under singing new hair over a memory-gator, there's wealth.
There's wealth. This alright, really, takes us.
I ever fall in love.
One day afternoon in the basement work room of some melodies she's completely in her little nail.
Live as a mouse, let special guest for a single old kid, play Killa.
And recall your sweet eyes in love with love.
I'm the Covert of Fritz, Sid Vlachrayer.
You're changing my mind.
It makes me so happy.
And you're ch isn't easy.
You're facing this zering ghost on your own.
The worst part about writing?
Has always come true in the hands of people who love home home all the way.
And we're all playingaces back.
So you have a crappy day in South Florida. What a shame. How unusual. Yeah. In the summertime on summer before the breeze and what it's real humid and when it's pouring cats and dogs and
When mosquitoes are as big as watermelon
Not good
Another 50 reasons not to be there. It's kind of murky here though
Well in the murky side going to be like 66 68 not too bad like a real spring day
Even though summertime is isn't it today or is it tomorrow? I don't know at 6 p.m.
8 p.m. The order. What I'm telling Chris to look at the calendar. I can take a few to the counters
He would officially is the first day of summer. It's twenty or two. They were the first out of the half
Saturday and 8 p.m. I believe
Have a good bm and a p.m. and bring in the outcher in summer
Wtf Q. A. M. Hello
Hey, good afternoon, you yes sir. I got an idea now when we start digging on the floor of courses and
gas prices plummet
People like you should pay the full price now. Yeah, I get a buddy. Now how does that price?
That's a plummet, huh based on what?
Based on that we're gonna get we're not gonna depend on other people for all your boys. Uh-huh
Four more years baby four more years. Hey lunatic maniac
Yeah, that was alien coming east of sure is
Faisista four more years my ass. You got two chances man none less than on by the way
The AFL CIO will endorse Obama within weeks. They decided that yesterday after the head of meeting they hold a meat good
Four more years of the right wing fascism right
In addition to which it really makes a hell of a lot of sense to start to continue our dependence on oil of any kind
And then that's the real kicker real kick in the ass
Yeah, you're gonna see how float is gonna turn like rats against McCain now, man. I'll show her drilling my ass
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 or I got a better idea moved to Canada and every day when the price of all goes up
They can even the Toronto Stock Exchange goes zooming
Zooming you wonder why why we got it we're not oral up the ass
Let's take a look right now to press the oil since you want to get all depressed what he have to bring that up
One of your people yeah, right oil down to 133 23 a barrel what a bargain sound three and a half bucks just this morning
Roll out the barrel come on you can do it
I think we ought to start Canadian no loony is 98.71. It's up half a half a cent
98.71 cent
Here we're early on the phone us are doing stock talks call them there
Hey, Rick you you ferry
WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, how you doing? I never heard you mentioned this movie before I was gonna recommend it
If you haven't seen it but
That you ever see who killed electric car no, it's like a documentary. I have seen that yes
Yeah, it was pretty disturbing, but if I may ask I heard George tell the story before about the origin of bad words and
I was wondering if anybody knows about that. It's George. Yeah, I forget how it got started
I want to have it right to tell
Good you that Wikipedia. Oh, thank you sir. All right. Well, bye. Bye
Well, he wants to get busy now
He don't want to waste any time. He's gonna go be he's going right to his PC. He's gonna like be tapping and
wrapping and
Crapin
560 560 pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line
That would a Q a.m. Hello
Hello, there's a new Rogers. Yes, sir. Oh, okay. I was wondering if I might suggest an addition for the pole
Yeah
I remember him. I'm sure he's on there. Oh, I'm sorry. All of that's a little thing is what they don't let you
That's your votes. He's got three votes. Oh, okay
Mr. Part of the show you either
What you think about the hug like getting a blackjack?
I think it spells bad news for some of the other people. It's just more nails in a coffin for the a pair of mutuals
You have good government couple but I'm glad you get them in the Gulfstream. You got to see that
I'm sorry. I couldn't be down here to see but I was older and that weekend so
But congratulations on a fine job and and George continuing to good work and thank you very much and thank you so much
Yeah, I think it's bad news for where the paramaucials have finally got the slots in there
But like everything else it's it's you know guaranteed failure
Fat ass yet bush wanted them to fail the legislature wanted them to fail and so they will you know pretty much
I mean the Gulfstream thing is a beautiful setup and
Poppano you know looks pretty good, but uh and again because of the way they've got it
Siphoning so much of the money out of those places. Uh, they can't have loose slots for the most part
I mean you can get lucky once in the blue moon I guess
But the engines man they got they got to spy the balls. They're getting even. What am I gonna say about it? Right? Right
They're getting even more likely if anybody deserves it or you know paybacks a bitch
Even after they ran those spots
Couple years ago when the election when the issue was on the ballot and there was screaming and yelling about the evils of gambling and about how the
Whole state was gonna go to hell on a hand basket that had enough for you. Yeah
Somebody Q a.m. Hello
Oh my god. I got show show so instantly. Yeah, he gagged on it
Wtq a.m. Hello
Neil yes
You are absolutely correct sir. Mm-hmm
Is this Neil Rogers? Yeah, let me say it again. Yes. Oh, you're absolutely correct
I was listening to the media and all I talked about was Tim Ruther
It was the Neil Rogers show
Yeah
Yeah, and well, what does that mean you want to interpret that for? He could be a better job
In other words, you were spending more time talking about Tim Ruther than anyone else what he's trying to say wrong
He's listening to the media you wrong and they were just talking about wrong wrong
That's what he's trying to say what I'm talking about is the media and they're overkill they're incendiary. I'm not talking about him
I'm not gonna go through the whole thing about
What kind of beer he drank rolling rock and about the bills and the savers. I don't care about any of that
It's of no significance to me. He was small potatoes
At least Frankie Pantangeli was funny
I think sports leader
oh
We
the
Car
He has a golden spoon, he was born with love and death.
So look out all you Jews, get ready for the Gatsys,
the Tallahassee Nazi.
He'll give our civil rights to Wabby.
He's a Tallahassee Nazi, love of FLA.
Well, he's a very wealthy Jew, with very bad disputes.
Who never paid his dues? My next year will all be screwed.
Seek hard, seek hard, seek hard.
Any smart could win that race against Buddy with K.
Why do you think they call it Guber?
Victoria Lanyway. He's a Tallahassee Nazi.
He'll leave the KKK happy.
Yeah, he's a Tallahassee Nazi, love of FLA.
Let's go step, come on, let's go.
14 to 25, 60 WQAM.
Look at that phone, man, not too promising.
How are your calls yesterday, George?
I just talked to a sect of me all day.
Yeah. Not really, but you know.
Was that an answer to my question?
I don't know. Let me see how are those calls yesterday, George?
They were weak.
We're even far between, that's how they always are.
Although I shouldn't say this, you know, I have Chris screened the calls.
Why?
Just to screen up those four, you know, the more homosexual retards.
By the way, he did a perfect job.
And I mean, perfect.
Did he?
I don't want to stand back here, Chris, but not one got through once.
Wow.
Of course, he was an artist right by the end of the show, but you know.
Oh, that's okay.
Yeah.
Maybe we'll go out for a job.
We may have to do that for 12.
Yeah, yeah.
We can hear it before you decided to go screenless on a regular basis.
Yeah.
Well, you're building a camera.
No, no, I'm just saying.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, I'm your friend.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, yesterday I talked to George and he left it on the hill.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, he called what he cares.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, he went away for a while and of course, like a bad penny, they always come back.
No material, the open guy.
That's his claim to fame.
They got the quarter shot guy, the open guy, the, uh, yeah, the idiot guy.
All of these things.
Oh, my God.
All of these things.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And for the schmuck that called a couple of calls back, we can be a song to dance about Tim.
I'm talking about whatever the people want to talk about, which most of them don't want to talk about anything, which has been going on for many, many years.
They just want to call make stupid sounds.
Oh, I called you a little funny sound.
Remember that one on my space?
Oh, yeah.
When I read that that one day, I said to myself, and these are people who present themselves as fans of the show as if.
Right.
As people who enjoy the show, support the show, promote the show, etc.
Are friends.
I'm your fan.
No, you don't.
And he writes, he told his buddy today called Neil and made a funny sound.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, I'm glad to finally hear a bit on Joe Rose.
I mean, I usually just looked like the last half hour his show before you come on.
And there's so much material there, untapped that I was just wondering what focus was on.
Well, we're starting to tap it.
Well, that's good.
So that was really funny.
That guy who wants to drill all the oil out of Florida, it don't matter.
They're still going to drive the price up.
It doesn't matter how much oil they pull out of the ground.
The A-holes, almost, we're going to drive the price up so we can't afford it no more.
That is correct.
So tell that idiot to go F himself.
Okay.
And the amount that they're going to get is so insignificant compared to the oil that we're going to need.
And it doesn't, it's going to change anything.
There is a single economist of any know who's going to tell you that's going to bring down a price again.
Right.
It's not going to do it.
Right.
But nevertheless, don't confuse them with the facts because it's a McCain-Boosting man.
It must be good.
Come on Easter, come on Easter.
The document failed to print.
What's that all about?
Well, am I having all kinds of technical issues again?
That would be bad.
I'm just trying to print out the poll so I don't have to read it off the screen, off the monitor.
And you know what?
What?
It's not printing.
Oh no.
Oh, that's why.
I got a little jam on it.
Oh, please look at Kelly.
What are you saying?
You're going to print an hour one, huh?
My mom would please.
Hey, Virginia.
Praise.
What the hell is that?
Fill her music.
Tink-tinks.
Oh, there's an Ashoma Bama on the view.
Who says it does?
Who cares?
Good God.
Okay, this thing is warming up again.
Please wait.
Well, even my printer now is getting really testy in the taste.
What did you do?
Well, if you put some jam on it, it's not too bad.
Let's see, is it coming out?
Here it comes.
Here it comes the poll.
And look at this.
This is the last page from the previous article.
Not good.
Oh, and here's another one.
Which I forgot to even mention is CBS News Correspondent.
What's her name?
Logan, Laura Logan.
Okay.
She says watching US News with driving nuts.
She was on Comedy Central.
And John Stewart asked, do you watch the news that we're watching in the US?
Do you see what we're hearing about the war?
No, she said if we were to watch the news that you hear in the US,
I just blow my brains out because we're driving nuts.
She explained how difficult it is to get the network interested in her stories.
I'm on high value target rate,
taking down some of the most wanted Taliban fighters and al-Qaeda fighters in Afghanistan.
And I'm told, unless it's a sub of bin Laden, who cares about, you know,
move up in Shagged or whatever?
I know that guy.
She says, nobody really understands, and the soldiers do feel forgotten.
We may be tired of hearing about this five years later.
They still have to go out and do the same job.
More soldiers died in Afghanistan last month in Iraq, whose paying attention was,
and she says, why would they pay attention to that when Tim Russell died?
That's right.
Okay, now somewhere in the midst of this crap, here's the poll.
I'm actually not going to read it off the monitor, but I want to kill nearly as much good time.
Who is the worst political figure in South Florida?
History, we have 476 votes.
Our goal is 500 down, going home.
That's what Chris said.
He said you can go home when we get to 500.
Not that I was going home.
Indiana, Russell, 183.
She is kicking big fat ass.
Nick Navarro, 56.
Cane's any 55.
Alex Pickis-Pakania, 45.
Joq Harroyo, 42.
Eeeh!
Elsie Hastings, 34.
Rall Martinus, 27.
Jim Nogel, 18.
Luminetik.
Xavier Suarez, 17.
Doug Dansey, 13.
I wonder if he's still hiding in the closet.
Joq Gerson, Miss Bell, 12.
Maurice Farah 7, 13.
Umbert Dorananda, 16.
Who do we decide that is?
I don't know.
Ceya Rosenberg, 16.
Larry Smith, 16.
RTL4, Steve Clark, 14.
Bobby Butterworth, 3.
John Lamel, 3.
Alex Dowd, 2.
Edstack, 2.
Barry Schroiber, 1.
And Donald Warshot, who got none.
He got nothing.
Is the Miami Marys his kids still making the $20 counter-fits or what?
I don't know.
I'm thinking I may be a weight.
I don't know.
You're going to get to know him.
Eight keeping track of it.
Because he probably has some pretty good drug contacts, too.
$5670, $560, $560, and he's Verizon's singing a wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yep.
What other happen to Lee Schroiber?
Who else at?
Mr. Bitton, this is Joq G on what seat?
Don't you remember the guy that kept calling you on the area?
If you let me answer the question.
All right.
The guy that kept calling all the time and getting that bitch to call here,
was trying to get on the show.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that's who that was.
Yeah.
And that probably was him.
One of his agents.
Lee Schroiber, no, I didn't.
Yeah, you got this, David.
What?
He's in your box.
He's in your thick tongue drug.
What's David's box?
Yeah.
Yeah, David.
What?
What do you tell you?
Great.
How many QYM, hello?
Neil, say 50% on your whole world insurance.
Just call.
How many QYM, hello?
QYM, hello?
QYM, hello?
Hello?
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
A Marker Hernandez was a guy I put by Army politician a few years ago
where a lot of dead people voted for.
Why?
Because of the prison for it.
And as a matter of fact, when he was in prison,
he was able to sleep with the lawyers.
So he got this bar.
That'll bring you up to date.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks to the good news.
How many QYM, hello?
Neil.
Yes.
How are you?
Okay.
There's another amazing.
With the mortgage crisis, all the forefathers going on,
cutting millions of dollars in education,
and these people are spending so much time on the same rougher.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't understand what to do with these people.
Yeah.
I mean, that's all I have.
I mean, I have no life.
Well, that's obvious.
Woo!
He was good.
Oh, yeah.
You know what day it is?
It's Thursday.
That means it's there two for one day.
And then he goes, deals.
I'm getting all choked up in here.
I think I'm getting, uh...
I don't know.
I need to get an over this mug that I got or maybe it's making a comeback.
I think it's the year in this building.
Remember, I went through this a long time ago?
Yep.
Jagging and choking and puking and oh my god.
I think it's going to happen again.
It'll boost up some interest in the show though.
During these doorways.
For my still-noon-a-key way.
Or some of the nighting and whenever I am in Miami,
I listen to little rudges.
Or a two-hour.
Hello, this is Robert.
Mr. Eiger.
It's so pretty over here at Mickey Mouse's office.
Oh, geez.
Goofy's in everything, okay?
Please, you'd like to speak with him.
He's calling me?
He's calling you.
Is he okay?
Wait, third.
Okay.
Hey, Chipper.
Sir, how are you?
Uh, for vacation, Rowan.
Uh, vacation, sir.
Thank you lots of pictures.
Hey, can I see them on your Facebook page?
Maybe you could shoot me one or two over on the phone.
You got my number, right?
No, no, sir.
Have you and Rowan have a lot of vacation sex?
No, it's a sister.
I'm not on vacation in the office.
Really?
Yes.
Just because you're sitting behind a desk doesn't make it on a vacation.
Sir, I'm puzzled.
There's the understanding of the century.
You're not puzzled, you're lost.
See what I did there?
My reference will have only hit shows in my singing combination of your work.
Sir?
Speaking of which, what are you working on on vacation?
Do I keep hearing all the stuff about I, Carly?
Kung Fu Panda?
Shoot, trim off the box office.
What are we doing, huh?
Oh, sir, we're very excited about Camp Rock.
That's just another high school music, a rip off.
Have you ever had an original idea?
Well, we also have the giant motion picture wall.
I congratulate you.
You made sure to get into a cartoon.
I think I'm going to start calling you Johnny number five.
Oh, sir.
Number five is alive.
Number five is alive, sir.
What about the two-due division?
Jesus, Mary and Pluto.
What have you got?
Well, our summer split is fantastic, boss.
We have the mole, wipe out, and I survived the Japanese game show.
Right.
I got gas in the gestion and diarrhea.
I had a sense, sir.
You got three crappy things?
No, I got three crappy things.
Sir, all of us are really excited about our shows.
Yeah, you and all your stupid cronies.
Honey, say it, yes, yes, yes, Mr. Eisner.
I, sir.
Don't they know I'm a foreman?
And you're the yard worker?
Hey, Eisner.
I, sir.
How many ABC executives does it take to screw on a white ball?
Oh, sir.
We don't screw in our own life, but we have a janitorial staff that takes care of all those matters.
If a crew landed on your nose, you couldn't catch it.
I got more smarts in my left button than you got your whole head.
Well, sir, I should probably wrap this up by having a...
Don't tell me.
Yoga class on the beach.
You and Willow and Dijewski, followed by an in-room massage.
Sir, I was going to say a department head meeting.
A department head meeting on being department head.
Why am I never invited to these things?
Sir, you're always invited.
We email you, but you always delete them before reading them.
I'm new.
I mean, if you've got an email from you, what's new deleted?
If you were me, which is one hell of a jump by now.
Email from you is treated the same way I treat email from people who promise me a bigger Jimmy.
Or email from the volume promises to send me a million dollars.
If I can help them get his money, I'm out of my mind!
Well, sir, we're doing the best we can over here.
Yeah, you're doing great.
You better go.
I think your department head meeting, slash beach volleyball game, starting soon.
Oh, good day, passion!
No, no, sir.
I'm not a good day, passion!
I'll meet you in the office, sir.
I don't want to.
Pumbo 3 at 560 WQM, Happy Thursday, too.
George will be with you tomorrow.
Then he's getting his nuts cut off on Saturday.
That's right.
560-560, and then I'm wondering, sure, you'll hear lots about it in full detail.
What's going on?
560-560 in Pumbo.
In fact, you'll probably confuse you with gilding on Monday.
WQM, hello.
The Neil Rogers 12-1 hour has been preempted so that we can bring you the Tiger Woods variety show.
WQM, hello.
Is there only other color?
Better be somebody on it.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, there's somebody here.
Well, thank God for that.
I think so far.
Yes.
Well, you might not like the color because I have, I'm calling with a complaint.
Really?
This poll, it's like you're going to give me an aneurysm with this poll.
Who's the worst South Florida politician in the history?
Yeah, and that should be the worst problem.
Let me say it again.
That should be your worst problem.
It's going to give me an aneurysm.
How can I just pick one name?
And then Janet Reno's not on the list.
Yeah.
Where's good old Janet?
He's a bad politician, too.
He's driving the pickup truck right now.
Oh, okay.
That's it?
That's all I got.
Well, put you up.
All right.
See you.
WAAA!
WAAA!
I don't like the poll.
WAAA!
WAAA!
You're picking on Tim Russell.
WAAA!
A sea of negativity, man.
No, that's South Florida.
A gigantic bastion of negative thinking.
And we'll hear it.
It's not his self-fulfilling prophecy.
That's one of the reasons being that these people are stuck there.
Right.
Take George, for example.
Uh-huh.
Please.
All right.
Oh, and you know what?
I have no idea what's going on with our thing.
I didn't even check it.
Oh, let's check it.
I'm 24.
We started with 50.
We have 24 left.
Those things, Joseph's on the water.
They always go fast if we have anybody listening.
Are you serious?
We still have 24 left?
Mm-hmm.
These are $100 certificates for $50.
One of the really primo restaurants anywhere in South Florida.
And we still have 24 out of 50.
My God, what in...
What?
It's just unspeakable.
Remember back in the day when we had an audience,
how fast these things would go?
I think about it often.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, Ola.
And if we have anybody who wants to go to the bathroom?
I do.
Yeah.
Are you serious?
Um, I have no like your poll.
Because every South Florida people have politicians,
really serious vanish.
And we bear all kind of things.
Are you serious?
No, no.
But most of them are...
Satoshi Rosenberg.
Are dumb, dumb, specks.
I think you can take them all.
Put them on a big boat.
Okay, good.
Get to work.
$56.705, $60.50,
and they've arrived in the singular wireless line.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Oh, when will they see all this food?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
They all make the bill.
Oh, oh, oh.
Q-A-M, hello.
Um, they're actually not Spanish,
because they're not from Spain.
M-M.
Yeah.
And.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
More fart sounds, please.
A-a-a-perp sounds.
Uh-huh, yeah.
Yeah.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
A-a-ah.
Oh, don't tell me you actually had something to say.
Probably my finger accidentally hit that button real fast.
$56.705, $60.
Come on, you folks can do better than this.
$5.60 on the, uh, whatever it is,
Verizon, singular wireless lines.
They've got those 24 left.
Boy, this is disheartening as what it is, yeah?
Remember the other time we had,
I think this is the third time we had Joseph's on the water.
Those things go like hotcakes,
so that anybody would have a brain knows what a great place it is.
Other than the second time.
Is it?
Third.
You're right.
Who told you?
Doug.
Oh, muff is there?
Oh, you got the food?
Yeah.
Didn't tell you.
At least George and Chris are going to enjoy it anyway.
Yep.
And muff.
Having all kind of the shrimp.
You still got 20 pull-ups.
I'll go.
Just, these people are a little slow.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Any idea on it?
Okay.
I got one for the poll.
Uh, what about the judges that let Rick Stanchas walk after killing that guy off that Joe Robby Stadium?
Yeah.
What about the official to put that judge in place?
That guy should be shot.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
I'm not going to do anything.
Q-A-M.
Yeah.
Uh, what about the restaurant certificate?
Yeah.
How do you get one?
You have a computer?
Uh, not in front of me, but I do have one.
Why do you have to go to it?
W-D-Q-M.com.
Okay.
Neal's deals.
Okay.
I'll do it.
Thank you.
Okay.
Please.
Thank you.
How do you like that?
There's a guy.
He didn't know how to get it.
He wants it.
He just don't know how to get it.
Oh, we're back up to 25.
We're moving in a wrong direction on the ennumbers there.
We had some bogus one.
Probably had a J-Byrans card that chickener keeps whipping out every Thursday.
They're probably on to them again.
You really should get them a new card.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, Neal.
Man, listen.
For that one dude who said to put us all, uh, put all of us Spanish people on that boat,
do this.
Now this is mom's on it for entertainment.
I'm there.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
How you doing?
Okay.
All right.
First time.
Called a long, family.
Listen to him.
I'm African American.
I love you.
Show.
In closing, I hate OG and go Obama.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
How do you like that?
I covered everything.
Now what are you eating?
Coping a shrimp and shrimp's campy.
I ordered a lot of shrimp for myself when I saw Joe's for the yesterday.
Mm-hmm.
Just crab cakes.
Do you need me to shower it out?
Chowda?
Oh my god.
I love that chowda.
Other thing that I will say, I just took all the shrimp.
Who am, hello?
Uh, yes.
I'd like to get one of the Joseph certificates.
Yeah.
Then why are you calling me?
I want to get it stuck again.
But you do it on the computer online on wqm.com.
I'm sorry I was not aware of that.
Well, there you go.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay, not be aware of it.
Don't we announce it like 85 trillion times?
But that's okay.
At least maybe he'll get one.
He's not like a little bit older guy.
Maybe he's not used to technique.
Oh, you need to break a little bit older guy.
I'm a very bit older guy.
And I know how to go on here and did it.
You sure?
I know my way around this thing.
I will back to 24.
Well, this is agony.
This is just painful.
Of course it's the, what is it?
Ninetyth June?
What do you expect?
How many people do you think are still in town?
About 30, man.
Ninetyth June.
Go to wqm.com right under the, uh, my,
my push there on the left hand side is a big icon.
It says, kneels, half price deals.
Click on it.
And then go up by one.
Okay, there's still 24 left.
Wqm. Hello.
Hi there.
Yes, sir.
I'm driving on Oakland Park.
A 441.
You familiar with the area?
Yes.
Okay.
So I just ran over a large black person's hair.
Okay, great.
Wqm. Hello.
There's a good arm.
A black guy.
All right!
The dime schlaugueye.
Well, let's spin off?
Well, I just spent up at least it's not the same schmuck.
Just weak.
Somebody a little creative.
Not very over, down to 23 now.
We sold another one.
Maybe it's one of those two old guys that called in a moment ago.
And one of the other old guy who finally figures it out,
then we'll be out of 22.
WBQAM, hello.
QAM.
How you doing, Elena?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I got able to listen because I was lost today.
You're why?
I got able to listen today to the show because I'm a boss.
He's ignorant guy.
I'm trying to get him to learn a few things from you.
So keep up the good work.
Okay, great.
So in other words, you have nothing to say.
How many QAM, hello?
Hey, Neil, what are you doing?
Hey, I just wanted to call.
I've never called.
I just want to say your kicking ass.
I want to say hello to you, George, Eddie Klisch.
And I was going to call.
I was compelled to call about that Joe Rose I was going to ask.
He could never sing again, and both of them made a...
Okay, great.
Come on to chapter noon at QAM.
Get names on the best tower.
Here's the new blood.
Forty-two-five-sixty QAM.
The fourth lead.
One, two, three.
Stop for you, QAM.
One, two, three.
I'm so screwed.
By and grows, reason never felt so good.
Too bad it didn't know my credit was waxed.
Store security was breached in the database.
That ACRAP, that's Phelce.
My credit is crap.com, baby.
I'm as crude as I can be.
Thought about killing myself, maybe.
Now instead of eating, didn't get fat.
My identity was stolen, and now my life is just crap.
C-R-A-P, that's Phelce.
My credit is crap.com, baby.
All right, 1260.
We're out of 15.
The green certificates left on the adjoes are on the water.
See what we can progress?
What?
Everything's good there, by the way.
The green beans were spectacular.
Yeah.
Everything.
What's the chompanon?
The coconut shrimp.
Hmm.
Only 15 left, and of course, once they're gone.
Once they're gone.
They're ain't no mole.
14.
Like I said, get onto one ear roger's dot, I mean, at WQM.com.
Do the right one.
WQM.com, and you'll see that icon.
You'll click on it, and you'll buy it, and you'll like it.
Guaranteed.
5670560, 0.560.
I'll tell you one thing, man.
The colors today have been really in a different category.
Yes.
They're unusual.
I mean, usually, you know what they are.
They're usually...
But today, a different kind of...
Right.
WQAM, hello.
Great, no mole.
14.
QAM.
...Moramans.
Great.
Pathetic.
You hear the sirens coming to get his ass?
Yep.
Wow.
A moment too soon.
5670560.
We've still got now in 43 minutes to go.
I can't believe that.
Georgia, we ought to march on Monday.
Oh, thank God.
You'll like the summer schedule?
Yep.
The people are forgetting, and in the beginning, I didn't work at all in the summer.
I'm not forgetting it the first two years yeah apartment an Amsterdam right
I had me a fine time those two years let me tell you right now oh
Brother I think we ought to go back to that hey start next year when I cut my
Pay in by 90% or you just mail it in those two days oh yeah I can't afford the stamps
let me Q.A.M. Hello I knew honest question on the when you buy the thing does it make you give a
reservation because I got my dumb bitch wife doing it I don't know if she's telling me the truth
that I have to set a reservation when you do when you buy it online what does that mean I don't
know like when you buy that gift certificate when you buy it when you go use it when you when you go
there to eat yeah you make a reservation like a human being you make a reservation very complicated
sir let us draw you a diaphragm okay very very complex are you sure we only got 14 left
so mind us this reminds us now two fourteen old bean no don't move anybody Q.A.M. Hello
hi you yes the reason we have a crowd today is very rainy down here and we just rained out
anybody on the other side and probably truck and tell us it when he's gone he's gone that's
right that's right yeah making a comeback he's up there in that big booth in the sky looking
down oh oh oh oh oh when they say things like that I just I don't know what to do anymore I just
just want to go to the balcony and jump I mean what what can you do when they keep when supposed
it adults keep talking such crap they they won't stop doing it either right he's having a wonderful
time up there already as opposed to saying I bet you the worms are starting to try to get in the
box already you know just barely in the ground did they finally stick the they're the crypt in the
box and the ground yet or what I thought but you know I'm not paying any attention to it
communist sorry WQ a.m. Hello hey nearly two things I'm one that reason those guys probably don't
know to go on the computer for the two p.o. coupons there is probably new listeners from all the
promotion you got to get number two that guy you called got drilling everywhere is an idiot because
what I hear they have plenty of leases on plenty of land to get oil they're just not
you're rolling for the oil just so they could use this for money that's all so and including I
love those guys I love those guys wow it's scary you know you got to head into them we got to
head him to little dog mm-hmm he's got one of the best scams going anywhere I think I have
to understand 13 now is all we got on the certificate 13 old bean they're moving I don't know
what Chris is belly aching about I'm sorry I'm sorry WQ a.m. Hello Q a.m look at that I punched
you you heard me punch you didn't you no well I heard it Q a.m. Hello hey Neil listen man George
would have had those tickets sold a long come a go yeah yeah no no no no that that
WQ a.m. Hello yeah I think the 40 please
well 40 is this 40? 40 you need me to run now
hello shmuck hello hello hello don't hang out WQ a.m. Hello
for his boyfriend come probably for a date he's not even on now rushes on now okay rush that big fat
poppies pill popping hypocrite rush he's the one it's on now you're going to get your I would be
a line up straightened out sir foot see my ass WQ a.m. Hello Q a.m. Ola
yes yes
I'm J. Roo my face is wider WQ a.m. Hello you feel like you want to look like
WQ a.m. Hello Neil yeah
Q a.m. Hello could help it
yes how he was captured in a.m.
who
can't the Harris is a soft photo politician
he's not a soft photo politician she's from Sarasota
I see
how many we got left we still got 13?
click on that plan up well that's what I got to
13
12 and you know and you know something it was Friday was Friday the 13th the day Tim
Arsor time was Friday the 13th you make something out there yeah I didn't mention his name Monday or
yesterday and he's not a true reformer as a result and build the consequence here is by
not accepting there's a John McCain looking old and confused somebody Q a.m. Hello
I like the we we yeah good go find one Q a.m. Hello
never I do good buddy no good
Q a.m. Hello
until now yeah love the show the house somehow but you don't want to get told to
mad I don't know if George knows it but you know there's a little piss going on between him and the
Beast
you know yeah the Beast is not fight that's like the management and Joe is no longer like
talk about the Beast like the story like the story well according to Joe let me let me ask you
this let me ask you this question who who cares
how about you Q a.m. Hello I run on Q a.m. Hello
I'm concentrated
I'm a singer is back the singer he'd ever win anywhere now he did he took a little rest
without the voice the roots of new material 12 left is all we got on these
certificates we started with 50 so we sold a 38 so far not too bad we'll get them all sold
and then don't sit around on your ass and wait and say oh geez you know I thought
there'd be plenty left for me if you want one grab it now okay that's my suggestion to you
how do you do that Neil how do you get one of those I gotta say this all the months that we've
been doing this have we ever had a car like that before no and we get to almost side by each
WQ a.m. Hello yeah that in Ron loophole still open yeah
yeah stick your ass in it WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m.
Neil how you doing okay I just want to let you know it's not too late to start following them cubbies
to jump on the bandwagon is it you got to do Neil I don't care no I don't got to it I'm not gonna
I don't want 100 years I don't want I couldn't care less if they had one in 400 years I don't
I'm not interested I love them cubbies well good have a good time and then don't be
do this a point when they pulled up like an accordion I hope not they will okay back I hear I give
you my personal guarantee bye love them cubbies where's a bandwagon we can jump on that's the
problem man who can we do who's bandwagon can we jump on now hey get on the marlin's bandwagon no
we love the marlins they win once in a while yeah they won yesterday wow there are only two behind
uh Philly who cares we do we do who's we the radio who's we are you being the spokesman for
this show now no for the radio station no we don't care about the marlins on a radio station
because they hit us like poison and if you say they you do that means you're a nibbler you
got no self respect no self respect w.a.m. hello that's the chef
w.a.m. hello a new yeah
Bill this is more weed what do you smoke weed no how is it like it's no sausage yeah what did that I
said you know your mama I said your mama smokes weed and hell oh boy
the best talent is you are the fourth leader
freedom and sage cheese california will become the second u.s. state to legally recognize gay marriage
it is all new this business of marriage licenses for same sex couples couples and government
officials are already getting ready for the first gay wedding
the gay's in your way that you can wish them well he wouldn't make it
fabulous they see the marriage convention like hell
what the thing taking hand over the marinerie then gay
when you think you can get a girl a girl the accident's wedding day
welcome to get it's been california country's superhumanly gay
we say that's a little kiki don't swing that way
first of all congratulations on being a lesbian
can you get married here can you get married here
come man and women women and men and men size gets a free fall up there are you gay
it's a matter of fact you just turned me gay
tell thirty two at five sixty w two m ago we only got three left on the joe's certificates
totally they would go because once they're gone
speaking of food it may be the most exotic the most expensive and the most controversial burger
ever flipped in the fast food joint this isn't just ordinary beef this is special CBS news
correspondent mark Phillips asked burger King chef marked out and said absolutely absolutely this is
wagyu premium prohibitively priced Japanese style wagyu flamethrower garrison with the tight
in truffles Spanish cured ham aze balsamic vinegar champagne onions and popped underway
saffron and truffle dusted bun isn't all little leverage for burger absolutely not
outing said absolutely absolutely not total across the ingredients to change says about 80 bucks
a throw by the time it gets to the counter it sells for just shy of 200 bucks for a burger
so is the worth it or gasmic one customer says which is a lot to ask of a burger a burger
for some this is a burger a high-end burger would have to be a $200 a pop to others though
it isn't a burger it's a grotesque it's grotesque on a bun outrageous that Dave Tucker with
the anti-poverty group four on want the food crisis campaign is trying to draw attention to the
millions of pull around the world who are struggling to survive at a time of shortages and rising
prices for basic commodities this is the wrong burger and the wrong message at the wrong time
to come out with this kind of hugely expensive it over the top burger and have 80 million
people going to bed hungry every night is just to shoot yourself in the foot tager said
the chain which is donating the proceeds from this promotion of charity calls
calls it deliciously decadent delicious as a matter of taste nobody's arguing with decadent it says
on CBS news you want one of them decadent $200 burgers from uh booger king
all right no right now though we still got no no you don't need it now you got all like good food from
Joseph and water now we're back up to four again now we're down to three again and now we're back to three
mm-hmm Brian keeps trying with that monkey words card you're not gonna work bokeh
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty the calls today have been a little on the
week side when you say indeed lacking in material lacking in substance
deputy Q a m hello Q a m hello hello hello hello hello
a m you how are you okay all right no i had a question for you you ever passed
your arrows Arizona I don't know if i were passed to Arizona a lot yeah come on i'm a little nervous
whether the restaurant they're called the heart attack grill then i'm gonna go check out if you
were been there and Arizona like in a city or just out in the middle of the
I think it's in Phoenix yeah Phoenix is in the world at the place i've been there it sucks
doesn't yeah you really get a heart attack a three to burger or what
what in god's name are you talking about sir the restaurant heart attack restaurant never heard of it
he makes the Arizona want to take you there to eat that oh you want to take me there huh
yes i'm gonna take you to Brazil guy mm-hmm take a hike want to take me to Brazil take me to Arizona
what we say about the calls today how great they are
what what are you doing not gonna call you he wants to take me okay yeah yeah and the
brazil guy good luck to him i don't want to come to Q a m hello
yeah man uh i i think McDonald's is gonna counter with a $200 tube steak
mm-hmm yeah and you'll be the first one in line you fairy five six seven oh five sixty
tom five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line you know it's like if somebody stuck
there from up your ass yeah and then you called i'm not talking about you i'm talking about this
car and then you called and said something that you thought was incredibly clever yeah and the
whole world is gone oh gee the world is gagging wq a m hello
new yeah the last break was expensive we'd walk no was not okay i'm job how you doing and
how you doing then and what do you got uh the last break was expensive we'd walk no
there's a word no same four minutes are all all from it oh is that it
he's still blitzed maybe before maybe it was well blitzed
blitzed creek oh yeah he's another one that they've been parading around in mourning they're all
in mourning they're all just foaming at them out oh i don't know what i'm gonna do
that would be Q a m hello hey how about a $200 smoothie one of smoothie now uh-huh
was that you but it made me by that it was my blackberry i was a professor he's uh just
chocolate and churling he he's see what you don't understand is there a lot of people who love
these calls oh yeah i thought damn was gonna like lose it again yesterday he was on about four
five hundred times all over the place what's this fact is this from you and other ad facts me
well let's take up puke added okay it says i turned on magic one oh two point seven last night
they were broadcasting the marlin's game i know that lincoln financial also on seven i
these this is sign they'll be dropping sports from the ticket ticket ticket in their future
while we're doing one listen to the game on seven ninety if you hear i want a two point seven
maybe they got a deal with them where they got to put it on an fm also like we do with the dolphin
games don't we maybe i don't know if we have a deal with them but we do sometimes
you are just there no words to describe it what does that do with uh once the ticket left
only got one left see whoo i just look i just refreshed look at that there's only one to go and
you better grab it now it's gonna be gone and once it's gone you're gonna say oh gee Joseph's
sound of water sounds like a really fabulous place which it is and you get a hundred bucks worth
of food for fifty bucks especially the way things are these days there's something that anybody
would have a brain would grab it right now they would squeeze it wqa and hello a meal yeah
this just in jelrose and shippy are gonna get wqa and hello hey when are you gonna get rid of that
nature of the camera just while it was spoonful of honey wqa and hello qa and
hello hello hello yes hi um i wanted to give an answer by their brain and game on one of two point seven
okay um it's because seven ninety three hundred one time the seven ninety transmitter was down
yeah thank you for your amazing our air i'll be down well thanks for the good news okay that's
pretty
um
let's go
hmm
Wonderful, level you to end
Imagine an ice cream
What did Ben and Chevy do?
They did be an ice cream
A tasty treat for you
Imagine an ice cream
That's quite a ton of sugar cheese
I'm not a carnation very creamer
That would be a faking tribute to
I hope someday you'll enjoy me
Who's that people scoop up to?
Club 45 at 560 W.C.R.E.
We're entertaining a phenomenal group of colors today
You can't even believe if you just tuned in
Now we sold out yet or what?
Because I see we went back up to two or something
Unofficially sold out
All right, toilet
A ride
Joseph's on the water, it's a great place
And of course now they have to check where the judges make sure
Yep, before they put the official sign on the tote board
And we're also an empty, empty on certificates and empty on calls
Look at that board, man
I think that it was pouring down rain
It was the middle of the summertime, it was the dog days
You'd think like you'd think
560 W.C.R.E.
670560 and 0.560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Fire
We pay for it
And I'm sure many of you do as well
How we doing on the pool?
By the way, I haven't paid any attention to that damn thing
It's a bad pool, I admit that
Who is the worst political figure in South Florida history?
And Ilyana Rural Rosanna Danna is when it hands down 126
Nick Navarro, a distant second 66
Ken Jenny 63
We got 554 votes, our goal is 600
That wouldn't be too bad, would it?
Nope
Wouldn't be too good
We'll take it
We'll take whatever we can get
Take it, take it
So they were off the air how their transmitter went down
Well, I do it, maybe they're going to have a whole bunch of tetra-roll problems starting soon
Femme to Q way in, hello
Hey
Yeah, I want Joyce to know that I only listened to the stations for you
And Adamus and the sports
Mm-hmm
That's it, that's all I got
She don't care
Joyce, yeah, she's a touch
Have a good day
WQA, hello
Hello, I'm calling very registered certificate
Delight
What's up, Uncle Neil?
Can you believe those people are what?
That was like, how do I get it?
They were just listening, they chewed out everything, but they're here free or 50%
And it's like a pro goes off with their head
Oi
Hey, can I talk to George real quick?
No
Well, when you're tired, you can't go
No, let me ask you this question
Seriously, you have any idea how he's gone?
He hung up no balls
Yeah, it's like you'll be on Saturday, no balls
That's right
Rude
Rude and crude, I'm here two days a week
OK, you get two days of this fat old faggot
And you're called up, could I talk to George for a second?
He did what it took
Of course not
Of course not
He even though I want to speak to you in English
Nope
Misable little bastard
5670568, let me call you tomorrow
He wants to give you a tip on your surgery
In fact, the doctor is going to perform the surgery
On George
Yeah
That's going to be the same one
WQAM, hello
QAM with you, man
Yes, sir
Listen, what's the name of that politician?
They had almost kicked the hand goldberg's ass one day
I could say that word, I'm sorry
Martinez, the role of the activist, he's hard
He's got 31 vote
OK, cool, thanks, man
You're welcome
Almost kicked thanks ass
Don't need too bit of an aim to kick that ass, I'll tell you that
5670568, so how's the hopper doing as he's been calling in
a civic hit or what?
No, is he going to wind up, huh?
No idea
Maybe he's going to wind up over there somewhere
Maybe he's going to be placed at the good, because you know that morning show
That's your work, that worked out well
That was the end of Hank
When they stuck him on the morning, didn't I tell you that?
That was the AMOIA
They finished him off, but good
And then, of course, George or Bill
Joe Bell stuck the shiviner and really twisted it around a few times
Just to make sure they finished him off
I was one back to hurry up and get it people
Oh, there's one certificate came back, OK, so if you wanted, grab it
Because otherwise it's going to be gone
Nobody QAM, hello
Yeah, please read my, please read my, go
QAM, hello
Hi, I'm Ganeel
Yes
I love my fat ass baguette
Sorry, yeah
And I love it when you're on the other side
Can I give you my poll?
Suggestions
Yeah
OK, blank helps me get by
Part, my wife, your show
Ah, it's not bad
Helen, cocaine, yadda
Yadda, yadda, yadda, pop up
Yadda, yadda, yadda, pop up
Yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda, pop up
Yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda
Pop up, pop up, pop up, pop up, pop up, pop up, pop up, pop up
How pathetic
5, 6, 7, you better get your serious going, man
You don't know what you're missing
I got it
You can't even believe it
You can't even imagine it
But I don't want to go through the whole thing again
You know, I heard it for myself
And for hours and hours as a matter of fact
During that long drive up here
I don't need to hear it again
I don't want to
Somebody QAM, hello
This thing is acting up
QAM
Somebody QAM, hello
Can I got the first vote for that poll?
Your show gets me by
And I'm sure
The killer
Yeah, that's all
I was sad
Is that one that's still there? That's your difficulty or is it gone?
Still there for a moment
Not good
We thought we were sold out and somebody must have been chicken-eck again
And he must want that really, really bad
Using his
Jordan Marsh card
That was a good story
I know I keep saying that
And it's not coming back anytime soon
But that was a really good story
Did he shop at Jordan Marsh?
100 years ago, yeah
I mean, well, as a child I went with people who were shopping as a child
Yes, I was, you know, dragged by the hand, that kind of thing
WQAM, hello
Hey, Neil, I'm sorry your callers are like, you're a bit of a fan
I don't know
I just don't know
And what do you got?
I don't know, I don't have much but I do have
That I just left my grandma and get bummed out
Every time I leave her, she has dementia
And then I turn your show on and I feel a little better for top of my soul
I would think so
I don't understand everybody getting dementia
So just grow old and die
Now you grow old and go crazy
Yeah, it's better that way
That's terrible, I think it's something, believe it or not
I think it's something that's trying to help us is actually making us worse
But I'm taking your advice and I'm getting out of here for the summer
And I'm getting luck catching the winner
Okay
Alright, wait, you can't ask what you can
Catch me if you can, that's what the Dave Clark 5 said
Is he dead or what?
Dave Clark, I don't think so
Not Dave Clark, Dave Clark 5?
I don't know
We're going out, we're going to go in and out
Catch me if you can, they hit some of these music about 2 or 3
They're alright
Not sensational, part of the British invasion
The searchers were better though, I love the searchers
Needles and pinza and HCO pinza
Remember that?
Yep
So what's the deal Dave Clark still alive?
Oh, check it, WDQAM, hello
QAM
QAM
Daniel, what's going on?
What do you got?
You said that you were listening to Howard on the way up when you took the trip down here
That's right, uh-huh
And you didn't like it?
It was beyond description, it was so weak
Oh my god, you kidding me, man, that's a great show, I mean I love you too, dude
That shows great, man
Let me say this too, okay
I've been in this business about 4,000 years
And I know what's funny, I know what's not funny
And there was nothing funny, there was nothing interesting, there was nothing amusing
And we were listening for hours and the essence of it was some guy who was leaving the show
kept talking about all the drugs he did and where he brought them and where he did them
And it was pathetic
All right, what about when they bring into the liberties, then you get to hear it, unedited
And they ask the liberties questions like all these dragballs like on E.C
They don't ask
They really create celebrities and things
But you know, great, I'm sure I must have been listening the wrong day because it was pathetic
You might, but I thought you wanted to be paying 50 million years for one reason
Yeah, because it was because it was in my hand over a fist, yeah
He's always got talent
Okay, all right
Thanks, here's one of Howard's PR people who feel like he really needs it
He's already got talent, too bad he ain't using it
What?
Dave Clark is still alive, the lead singer Mike Smith is dead
Oh!
February 28, 2008
Oh no!
February what?
February 28, 2008
I'll be damned
Oh, this year
Now that must be why that's on my mind because I'm sure I had that on the ear
And they're officially dead
These certificates are officially, they're no left, we sold it 50 and a little less than an hour
It's not so bad
But you consider we only got about 75 people listening out there now
We used to have a big audience once upon a time before BJ, before Joyce, before Joe
Before Josh, Darryl, BJ
Remember those days George?
Sure do
Pine for them, I think about the bottom
We really wish we had those days but this fat move ball came in there
Oh, I love your show and you love a big fan
Of course we aren't going to let you do anything anymore but that's okay
Just keep the checks companies on a fine job, I'll keep in the money coming
Couple days early usually, in fact, we could just get them all in there now
Pay me all the next five and a half years will be good, I'll show up again
I'll be back
I'll be back
Or maybe not, I think they ought to give it a shot
Wait, wait till check clears my account
And there's what's biggest name
The best
The best
The best
Fourth leader
Why did you do that work?
You might want to hit George
Tracer and a Corp. B
With a little too much power for a B
Take that green fat and droid
And tell him Gornestelvin talks the boys
In the future, Cheney takes them all down
Cheney's filled enough blood, property, not illness, the lies
Too many have died in peace, the cheney
He's absolutely taken out now
Let him take his old-dike daughter and let's see why
The passage is to buy and stay to buy, buy, buy, buy, buy, buy, buy, buy
Yes, his kids, his ex-fosies, five
Thanks to him, our government is privatized
The weaklings' demo's rats have failed
This dirty bastard peace of crappy loans in jail
In Pete's Cheney takes the bastard down
Tyra's running out, get him out before he hides
Somewhere in Dubai, in Pete's Cheney
Take them out now
There isn't any doubt, losing out his evil smile
Go hide in Dubai, and say, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye
Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye
Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye
One more time for the West Coast
1-0-1 at 560 WQM, call to number 5 right now
At 1-800-227-0560 wins $100 certificate to Joseph's son-in-law
1975 South Ocean Drive on the Hemisphere Condo Complex property, Helmvale Beach
So if you didn't get none of the ones that we were selling on our website
Here's the chance to get one for free
Call to number 5 right now 1-800-227-0560
$100 certificate to Joseph's son-in-law
And I was pretty good at running in and say, oh it's gone, when it's gone, it's carless
Well, carless, I'm sure carless are come rattling in
Did I meet carless? Was he a theater thing?
No, oh, well why not?
579 votes on your pool, Chris, Chris, I think he got 600 made in the shade
All right, how many QAM, hello?
Call to number 5
What is it?
Call to number 5
Are you a crazy person or what number did I give? 1-800-227-0560
Is that what you're calling?
Idiot
Call to number 5? Yeah
Quick Merin Talkus panel, let's not comment to you, okay?
Quick Merin Talkus, Tukus
Don't make a ruckus, just Quick Merin Talkus
Somebody QAM, hello
Did I get it?
Did I win?
Yeah, you won, yeah, you won a feed out zone, there it is, the extra charge
Just amazing, somebody QAM, hello
Daniel? Yes
Hey, the last bit, just remind me of the media
Did you read the articles that Cheney is moving to Dubai or Al-Berton's moving to Dubai?
No
Dubai? Bye bye
Bye bye
He's been working on it for hours and at the line 2
5-6705-60, pound 5-60, and a Verizon singular wireless line
I was going to say we didn't have one lady call her
Now what did she say? What did she want?
Well, she was telling us about Cross the street
She must be one of the secretaries of something over there
Right, well I can't imagine any like there would be a lady listener who would be listening
To 7-9, to the ticket ticket, I can't even imagine
Yeah, she must be the receptionist
Somebody QAM, hello
And it's the...
Dubai and Shabbat O'5, who can be...
Somebody QAM, hello
Jo Bell, QAM, hello
Do you give a head?
QAM, hello
I'm constantly
Hello, hi
How about you QAM, hello
Dale? Yes
I'm going to turn it at right now
And?
There's going to be a whole bunch of folk of music over there
Yeah
Just let me know that, and I'll be going to work by later
Yeah
Can you give me directions? No
All right, I'll see you there
Okay
One of my favorite things is all these people, all these klingons, all these stalkers
You know, we'll want to be stalkers
Oh, I want to take you to Brazil, I want to take you to Arizona
There's a restaurant in the middle of the desert called a Shmedrick's or something like that
Anybody that wants to go to Phoenix, I mean, give me a break
All that's been made many many years since I've been there, maybe it's great now, but I doubt it
Just a real nasty place, nasty, and let me buy that
Oh yeah, nasty, nasty people, nasty, uh, the whole ambiance there, bloke
Kind of like South Florida, only worse
If I had to choose and buy what a horrible choice that would be, if I had to choose between South Florida and Arizona
I would take South Florida
Does that tell you how much I dislike Arizona?
I don't know, I don't like it, though, and that was back when he had the ponytail
Is he still alive?
Mark Lindsay?
You know, so we checked, did we do this before?
We did, from Paula here in the Raiders?
I thought we did
There was a zone, a bad zone, bad state
State to give you John McCain, QAM Hello
You know, this, this owner's doing some tricks of his own, you know that?
QAM Hello
QAM, hola
Great savings on your homeowner's insurance
QAM Hello
Hello
Yes
Neil Rogers, please
Speaking
Neil, did you do that poll? Did anybody be out the hacking of the worst politician in Florida?
He's not even in the running, he's not even close
How could anybody vote for not him if he, you know, has a federal authority?
He's got 40 votes, he's got 40 votes
How about the federal authority?
2, 4, 6, 8, 9, 10
Where did, where did, how is he?
You know, he's a sixth, two, four, seven
He's still either with the lampple or with the heart, Neil, have a nice one
OK
Now, I'll just keep bringing the results of the poll over and over again, OK?
Ilyana Rosanna Dana is kicking ass, OK?
She is beating everybody, hands down your pantaloonies, OK?
She's got 133 votes, Nick the Varrows in second place, he's only got 67
So it's almost 2 to 1, one shy of a double
Ilyana Rosanna Dana, anybody with a half a brain despises her pandering rolls act like poison
Oh, thank you so much Jose, and thank you Rafi, Rafi, Pam Nero, you're such a creditor our community
Thank you so much, and I hope you go home and eat some beans and free holidays
Oh my god, pandering bitch
Remember her during Ilyana, how far she was from her?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Hello, everybody QAM, hello
Hello, is this Mr. Roger?
Yes
Hi, I'm a dumbest girlfriend
Hey, let me ask you, just a minute, just a minute
Are you the one that showed up in our appearance?
No, no, no, I'm so touchy, I just got to...
You're from hunger
I'm from what?
Hunger
I love you
Calm down there
I am not from hunger
You're pathetic, you're subhuman
Welcome to Marga Saba
You have more hair on your chin and most guys have on your ass
Hey, I was just talking about my hairy lip
Uh-huh
Yeah
Hair lip, that's exactly who he belongs with a hair lip
Yeah, that's right
At least there's more love here
Yeah, it is more lovey here, you're pathetic
You're pathetic
Listen, do like Hitler and Eva Brown, man
Eva suicide
Works every time like a charm
5670560 and 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line
WQAM, hello
Neil?
Yes
I've declared another condom by the head
WQAM, hello
Anya?
QAM, hello
Hello
Neil?
Yeah
We are waiting for a weekly update on Taco
Will you give it to us?
I don't give you any weekly update about Taco or anybody else I know
We want to know what's going on up in Toronto, Neil
Yeah, well what's going on with what?
With you and Taco
You gave him nothing, they're not going left and going on, huh?
What is next? You gave him your car, now what are you going to do next, Neil?
I didn't give him my car at all
My car is sitting right down in the parking garage in my space
You are about the Pontiac, the Pontiac, Neil?
Yeah, what about it?
Will you give it to Taco?
Let me ask you a question
Do you have any kind of life of your own or not?
I have no life, I have no life, I have no life
Yeah
Laura says, what tell us wrong with your station?
I have to listen to you on the internet as my building does, what does it say?
Does have accept analog connection
Every five minutes I get blank here
Tell Joe Bell he can go to hell as his Laura
Have you understand what that means?
Nope, I was hoping you could tell you
on the internet as my building does have accept analog connection
Every five minutes I get blank here
What does that mean?
I don't know
We don't get it Laura, we have no idea what you'd be talking about, okay honey?
We don't got no clue what you'd be talking about
I think it's cool of us
It's the best tower
This is a rocket, it's 4.25.50.2 AM
We need 4th leader
We're all starry, turn ever happy
Never get late if they go all alone
He was an ordinary Saudi down in his luck
Until a twist of fate endow him with all the powers of Allah
It's the feel good hit of the summer
Hock med all mighty
Hock med all mighty
Allah defraze
I mean I be praised
I can do anything
It's funny, I woke up this morning
And I swear I do spell-figure
It is true now cover them up or face the wrath of me
From the director of Infidel Lier, Infidel Lier
Comes a movie that will have you bowing seven times a day towards the box office
It's Hock med all mighty
Hock med all mighty
Hock med all mighty
Hock med all mighty
It's Allah you could ask of a movie cavity
Hock med it's Allah
You've had my powers for the Lick Mythical over the week now
How many people have you held?
Oh man where's that?
No backdays
15 at 5.60 WTO QAM
588 on your pull crease you're gonna make 600 easy you're gonna slug into it
Alright 5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line. I'm Chamba's girlfriend
For Kentucky year
Doesn't make you want to just sit down on the floor and cry?
No, no, you can't waste basket. It makes me want to go home
Really?
And get high. Oh and cry. No.
W.A. Q.A. M. Hello
Q.A. M. Yes. Yes.
Yeah, I'm looking to talk to Neil. Speaking.
Yes, I was calling to speak to going out to the Queen's plate this weekend at Woodbine. No.
No, I'm not going to make it out of this. Woodbine's derby.
Let me see it again. You asked me a question. Am I going to go out to see the Queen's plate? The horse raised a big race. The answer is no.
I thought the beat was out of I guess. Why?
I thought the team room would be too crowded I guess on a big day.
It'll be a madhouse. Madhouse.
Yeah, well it's the 40 Kings they say, right?
Yes, 40 Queens. All right, good luck to you.
Bye.
How very, very sad. Like I said.
I have no life.
That's the message. OK, that comes to loud and queer on almost every call.
I have no life.
WQA M. Hello.
How much weight do you lost with weight loss?
WQA M. Hello.
Oh,
QYM. Hola.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
This is WQA M.
Yes, sir. What did I say? I said QYM when I answer the phone. That's correct.
All right. Yeah. I didn't hear you. Did it Neil?
Yes.
Hey, how's it going? My name is Jack and I just wanted to sort of thank you for the archives. I'm actually from Israel.
Right now.
I'm a soldier here and yeah, exactly.
I'm a soldier out here.
Hi.
We've been to some starvation Palestinians. Will you please?
Well, we try not to do that.
OK.
But you know, I just wanted to thank you for the archives and everything because queer channels really screwed me over one big one because I've always tried to listen to my any radio because it sounds crazy.
And maybe it's because I'm out here, but sort of missed Miami.
I'm being able to post to the radio as one big deal. So just want to thank you a lot. OK, good luck, you sir.
I'm Zagazoon.
Zagazoon.
Go feed some starvation Palestinians.
589 in a pool. We have we sold out our certificates today. The pool is going to go over 600. Well, what could you want? Nothing. Let's just go there on the 19th of June.
Have it a QYM. Hello.
Hello, master. Neil.
Yes, speaking.
Hey, Neil. How are you?
I'm OK. How are you?
I'm doing a while. Look.
OK.
I think we need to stop talking about the political. Let me ask you something. Let me ask you a question.
Can I ask you one?
Yes.
How long have you been working on the phony accent?
Well, it's not a phony accent.
Yeah, it is.
It is not.
OK.
No, I'm serious.
OK.
What's that?
I tell you where I was from, you say.
But Neil.
Yeah.
But what's going on with this McCain and Obama deal?
Yeah, what's going on? That's a good question. What's going on with this machine Obama deal? Yeah.
I'm really interested. Really. It's what is going to be voting Republican this election?
No.
If you look at all the polls.
No, let me say it again. The latest poll of Obama's four points ahead in Florida.
But you're not counting those reds, they're going to be four.
No, let me say it again. Obama is four points ahead in Florida. The Rasmussen, the Quinnipi Act, the whatever the hell poll it is.
Go back and work on another phony voice. This one is a bugging me. Sucks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, you only started like our salesman, Chris Jones.
Not nearly, Drowley enough. Not Drowley enough. Drowley from Rolly.
Deputy QA M. Hello.
Deputy QA M. Hello.
Neil is my lander on that pole or am I going back too far?
No way too far.
Oh yes. Your report is closed. No, I do not.
Really? Highly. Highlander.
Never heard of them. Wow.
My lander, your lander, this land is our land, never heard of them. Wow.
That sounded like the guy with the eyes or his boy did.
One of the other.
It might not have been, but it sure sounded like it.
596, we're creeping up to that 600 total.
Oh boy. I don't think I'm going to be here tomorrow.
Deputy QA M. Hello.
Hi, this is Rolly Zan. I want the great deal from P.C.
QA M. Hello.
Never heard of them. Wow.
QA M. Hi, my great deal.
The radio cranked way up in the back.
Deputy QA M. Hello.
Can I talk to Neil?
Speaking.
You very sure of your victim.
That's all again. The razor back.
The razor back? Yeah.
It's a con. It's a con.
A con. A con. Yeah.
Deputy QA M. Hello.
Neil? Yes sir.
Your spinners, great, rude, and all the fuckers today.
Well, that was good, wasn't it?
Now do you think he was really a Brit or just a bad accident?
No.
You're definitely not straight.
Now, I guess we gave away this certificate, but...
Yeah. Well, I'm not going to let you have a car.
I'm going to let you have a total of this.
You did tell you?
Well, Ryan said tell me.
Because you're in the middle of all your calls before?
Oh!
You can only take 30 seconds for me.
Are you sure you want to interrupt that?
God Almighty.
Deputy QA M. Hello.
Why are you 100th God now?
Deputy QA M. Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I just want to let you know I'm at it as both sweet down,
going back to where I came from.
Yeah.
And add to New York.
I just want one thing if I can hear it.
Yeah.
And Kelly Hockey Highlight, one more time, and I'll miss you.
Yeah.
Don't have no Dan Kelly Hockey Highlight.
I ain't having a highlight.
Thank you.
No.
How about some lowlights?
Go back where you came from.
Okay. We're having a party.
We're celebrating with your lousy New York accent.
Okay. And with your crappy attitude.
Dan Kelly Hockey Highlights.
What does Dan Kelly got to do with New York anyway?
Nothing.
All these hockey mavens, baby, we got the panthers.
Nobody goes.
And the coachy staff really blows.
Yeah, they had to mindfully coach by the way.
Nobody ever heard of him.
I never heard of him.
And you want to know why?
Because he probably works real cheap.
Oh, what just happened here?
My aquarium crawler just to craft out for a second.
That's very disconcerting.
599 on the pool.
Boy, Chris is on the age of his seat.
He's going to fall right off.
Huh?
When we hit the 600th floor.
Yes?
Huh?
You're not?
I'm ready to go.
We're doing it.
I think we'll hit the target right.
We're leaving.
I would like to very much.
You have no idea.
Game men and straight women share some characteristics in the area of the brain responsible for emotion,
mood and anxiety.
Researchers said this week in a study highlighting the potential biological underpinning of sexuality.
Game men and straight women.
Brains can also show the stemmaism of symmetry along among lesbians and straight men.
Yeah, observations can continue with this sort of thing.
You know, you paused.
I'm demyped, because I'm taking a breath, okay?
Jesus, God Almighty.
He is so persnickety today.
I guess it's because your optics are going to cut your balls off.
They're actually very relieved.
The observations cannot be easily attributed to perception or behavior of the researchers
from Sweden's Kilolinsky Institute wrote, whether they may relate to processes laid down during the fever or postnatal development.
This is an open question.
A number of studies have looked at the rules genetic biological and environmental factors play in sexual orientation.
A little evidence exists that any personal important rule many scientists believe both nature and nurture play a part.
Brains' guides of 90 volunteers show that the brains of heterosexual men and homosexual women
were slightly asymmetric, with the right hemisphere slightly larger than the left.
Ivanka, Sabaq and Pierre, Purslund, Stormroad, the brains of game men and heterosexual women were not.
Then they measured bloodthirsty amygdala, the garyakine for the fight or fight response, and found it was right with the similar fashion
to garymen and heterosexual women, as well as lesbians and heterosexual men.
The researchers that at the study cannot say what the differences in brain shape are inherited, or due to exposure to hormones such as testosterone and a womb,
it is responsible for sexual orientation.
But this is something they plan to look at in a further study of newborn babies to see if it cannot predict the future sexual orientation.
And then the right wingers can all come out with five sub-bodies of gay babies, play on it.
These observations motivate more extensive investigations of larger study groups and prompt for a better understanding of the neurobiology of homosexuality they grow.
Do you understand any of that?
No.
Yeah, do you?
Game men and brains are like straight women and lesbian women's brains are like straight men.
Only I have much better taste than most straight women.
I won't argue that.
Well, I didn't think that.
Yeah, that straight women have the terrible taste.
Maybe I just had better eyesight.
The best talent can ever be a Rogers.
Forty-two AM.
Maybe.
Forty-two.
Rogers.
Good.
Welcome back to the Joe Rochelle.
Hey, need a car?
You feeling you want from the factory?
Rock the rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock
rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock and rock, rock, rock
and I'll be back after this word
just a fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Hey, if I told you like a good neighbor
Winston tastes good like a cigarette
JOOOOOOON
Limith will never be the sameyyyyyyyyyyy
We'll be back with more than your usual but first
what do you have?
That's Blue Ribbon, what room you have That's Blue Ribbon, dude!
Wonderful World of Air condition shopping!
Lauderdale Mall Lauderdale Mall
Goes again only the middle of an ordeal first
And save the chocolate on the outside for last
I'll be back around things up after these few words
Tum-tum-tum-tums
Get real actions in, but up your thirst away
Dude, shaper is the one to have if you're having more than why
You can take sale of out of the country, but...
Oh yeah, but...
Back home, always a big button there
It's 132.560, nobody can hear me
That's an award winner, I'll say that's a keeper right there
Show, no
Am I right?
Yep
And that's...
See, he had a beast about to already know this
He had a beast about to descend from this right
It was on Gapatcheat for some reason
Because it was all screwed up, so he gave me an advanced track from the next disc
Ooh
A little bonus, it's also got all those jingles on it, easy
I'll say that one, that's the underwater one
What's your soul?
You're both using QAM
1232.560, history used to be wonderful WQA and we got a couple of lines there on the board
Let's let them all up, okay, I might actually take couple
I think they've been interesting today
Yeah, to say the least
Yeah
Not good
Not...
Good, warm and new
Interesting
566705, 60.560, and they've arisen and sing you the rightless line
WQA and hello
Yeah, I know that Joe Rose gave man that's more proof that Book of Brian is saving your ass because you brought that
No, okay, suck this
WQA and hello
Yeah, yeah
WQA and hello
Yeah, yeah
Yeah
Do you have talked about change direction?
Yeah, column at 230
Do they come in extra?
WQA and hello
The tail
Yeah
Yeah, that was a funny bit with Joe Rose
Yeah, that's because chicken that can save a man ass for those bits, what?
Don't play it again
Too long
566705, 60.560, I'm talking about these calls tonight
Oh yeah, there's something
It's a word that Joe is going to let us stay on the air but
Yeah, rhymes with that
Or shman, QAM, hello
In Jason Jackson Black
WQAM, hello
Neil, good afternoon, how you doing?
Okay sir
No, I just played it on Tuesday
Root
And I told him can you open it again?
Yeah, turn it up a little bit out of the back
566705, 60.560, good
Turn, we're allowed to hear your voice on there
Yeah, shmuck, puts
Chimiankel
566705, 60, come on you can do it
We only got 26 minutes to go man
I want to see these phones exploding
Between house to the clock
I want to see some serious action on here man
It's murky out there, I don't know if it's good
I don't know if it's raining here
I know it's nasty there
In every respect
Let me take a peek at the city policy
And see 17 and it's just murky
It's cloudy but it's not raining
That's 63 degrees, it's not so bad
73 tomorrow
I'll take it
Come to QAM, hello
Absolutely not
QAM, hello
Oh, yes
Blacks lower is a hero
And Cheney's going to get in the beach
Take it to the bank
No
What do you mean no
Watchlist is a hero, I'll go along with that part
Cheney nobody's getting in the beach
Well policy is, I won't say the word war but I will
And
And
And have a wonderful day
And you too
Alright
WNQAM, hello
Hey, what's going on Neil?
Yes sir
Hey, crime eyes, that about the game
Not just wanted to ask you a question
I've heard
I guess I've spoken to Curtis
Like a few months ago
And he's on the air all the time in the beach
These guys are like on the air constantly
But yet they both mention that
They make no money
And I know obviously you make tons of us
So I would appreciate if you could
Like enlighten the public
And he was serious
I love
WNQAM, hello
I'm going to speak to Neil word
What?
I want to speak to Neil
With a voice like that?
Get out of here
5670560.560 on the variety
Verizon and variety inside you
To a singular wireless line
The disparity between my paycheck
And the beast
There's this thing with the beast man
He is just
He's just, there's a word to describe him
Unknowing
Well, hold on, let's go to say fat
No fat goes to, you know, that goes without saying
Unknowing
I don't just like him, I like him just fine
But he can be an owing
Let me QYM, hello
Hello
Just like you do a lot to a math thing and you can be an owing
Yes sir
Could you play that bit about RoboGun calling me Shluth
And Anna Maria Townscheck
To blank completely about WRG and also a response
Ha ha ha ha ha
Oh god, I hate it when it take forever
To touch flow
And also a response
What is it?
You can talk to me
Also a response
I don't know
RoboGun calling WIOD
You can be my shirt
That's a damn bad
That's all
Make him think for more
Let me QYM, hello
Hey Neil, sorry to bother you but I haven't spoken any years
What ever happened to your buddy Bob Lasseter
Did
No, come on
To keep from loose, what happened to him
The kid from loose, you know, Benjo boy
Remember the kid from loose, they don't use this call yet
You're threatening to call your gay bagu
Yeah, once yeah
Now is it
5667-0560, pound 560, I'm the Verizon Singular Wireless Line
WIODQI-AQIM, hello
Is there any way you could arrange a contest
Or we can take out George on a date
We can what?
Take George or Jiggy then, I'm gonna take me and him, you know
Oh yeah, I'll call him tomorrow and ask
After Saturday he might be ready
That's right
Maybe they'll kind of like turn you all around
Send a picture of your girlfriend
5667-0560, pound 560, I'm the Verizon Singular Wireless Line
The call is just keep two better, we only got 20 to 20 minutes to go, not that I'm counting
Because they keep getting better and better
Webbytq-am, hello
Q-am
You're the best
Yeah, I know
I'm good
It's a Webbytq-am, hello
He, you know, he, you know
Don't forget we got Jerks coming up at two
Get name
Don't ask down, Jerks
You're the wireless, four finger 5667-0560, I'm the fourth leader
One
Just sound of my image, wonderful WQ-am
Once there was a signature who was caught indulging a habit
A burger roll, not much different light
A typical Miyokan baguette
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you
You still be sliced a few days, but you refuse to go away, Republicans are growing up in the air, baby, things are too loud to me, with Cheetah Plum, we are invited to an L.A.F.F.
Funny upon heart, but to answer to your high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high,
high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high back, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high back, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, low, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, low, high, high, high, high, high, high, high
with lunch we should have gone to her. That's a good idea. 567 we got the what?
8.5 minutes now is that only a 3.5 minute break the last break is that possible?
Yes possible 340 with everything. 567 05 60 now you see now that we need them
now they're vanishing see what I mean? Yeah well what's their going? They're gone.
That's the way it works Jolly Jo and by the way thanks for your tremendous
ass systems W2A and ho. Yeah whatever happened to Craig Worthing. What
what do we buy that? He hasn't on a radio long time. He isn't?
Well how about Joey Reynolds? What about him? Where is he?
He's in the agricultural. He's probably struggling. You know who this is? This is the guy with the bad teeth.
I just got a perfectly good teeth. Yeah this is all. Oh my god are you
serious? They're the stalker? Yeah the stalker lunatic band in W2A M hello.
Now before you that dude. W2A M hello. So now they have the new partner now.
Sitting right in their cluster right in this right-wing drooling dripping.
What a horrible thought. 567 05 60.
Palm 560 on a Verizon singular wireless line. Let's get through at least 200 of
these before we have to get out of here. W2A M hello.
Oh yeah? Yes sir. How do you feel about that?
Really on TV. He let a leg to never do nothing to harm the dead castle and
those are human we hear. Uh-huh. This is the quarter slot A hole. Yes. Yeah.
The quarter slot hole. Right. Or A hole. W2A M hello.
So you shift my left hand. W2A M. Hola. Oh my god we're going to have a Negro
from Padminis. 567 05 60. You better go used to it.
Palm 560 in a Verizon singular wireless line. A Negro.
What's that change my name to Shufra? Which one is that?
Uh a boutics graduate. A boutics graduate. I might have to play that.
Change my name to Shufra.
How long is that? This look here. Oh yeah perfect. Yeah. Perfect. Like I said.
Perfect for going out. W2A M hello.
QA M hello. QA M.
Oh no. Oh no.
W2A M hello. Hello.
Do you ride your show? Yes sir. Let me talk to that please.
You're speaking to them please. Oh sorry. This is my mom a crawl in the infield.
I just wanted to wait on it was open again. No. Oh did you got open?
Maybe open soon. Oh thank god. Okay your mama. Your mama and my mama.
That was my my my mama. Your mama? Yeah. My mama.
W2A M hello. That's definitely so mama.
W2A M hello. My grandma told me never to talk to you.
W2A M hello. My name is Joe.
Now what wasn't he already on once today? Yeah.
And now he's graduating the more than once.
See I tolerate him as annoying as he is.
But once a day is putty okay putty. Does he call you? Yeah.
And says the same thing. Oh sure. My name is Joe and one of you know these calls blow.
And so that's the show. W2A M hello. Nail? Yes.
You know how long it's been taking me to get through to you?
I'm sure. I'm in. Uh huh. And? And?
Just remember. Squeezer was. School's out. Yeah and.
So we're getting chitted in. That was not a child. It was a female child.
It was not a female child. It was a female something. A female retard.
Well what can I tell you? My all the retard's have to be guys is that it?
No they don't have to be. But it's mostly on this show yet.
To Femite Q.A. M hello.
I'm going to switch it to you.
Q.A. M hello. Nail? Yes sir.
Joe Bell is going to make you win a butt honey.
Hey I read did. All of us. It was a group bang.
Wouldn't you say? Indeed it was. He banged the entire show in the butt.
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 come on you can do it. We got like a couple of minutes to go and I get out of here
until the whole Tuesday. Oh thank god. Hallelujah. There isn't God. I'll tell you.
Hallelujah.
There was a Q.A. M hello.
Out there Q.A. M. Hola.
2 out of 3 Q.A. M hello.
Hola. You know. Call me.
Joe. Okay. Come on.
That's coming in just a couple of minutes. One week of the general election
the poll show closed with the heat but many presidential scholars doubt that John McCain
stands any chance of winning. Historians belonging to both parties offered a
litany of historical comparisons that give little hope to the Republican.
Several saw Obama's prospects as the most promising for a Democrat since Roosevelt
transferred to over 1932. Remember he were he overheaver?
Nope. Well you should. This should be an overwhelming Democratic victory so
Alan Lickman and American University presidential historian around in a
federal and democratic senatorial primary in 2006.
Lickman who's forecasting model is correctly predicted the last six presidents of
popular award winners predicts that this year.
Republicans Facebook have always been in surmotic. Let me say it again.
Insurmountable historic odds. His system gives McCain a score on power with Jimmy
Carter's in 1980. McCain should not win it. He said for a presidential story in Joe
Hoff, professor of Montana State University and former president of the
Center for the Study the Presidency. The biggest obstacle in McCain's path may be
running in the same party as the most unpopular president.
America's had since the advent of modern polling. Only Harry Truman and Nixon,
both of whom were dog by unpopular wars abroad and political scandals at home have
been nearly as unpopular in last year in their office and both men's parties lost
the presidency in the following election. In other words, unless the
Democrats find some way which they're still good at, keep that in mind.
Fascinating blow it to grasp the feed from the jaws of victory.
McCain is a finish.
Yeah, he's got a China-man's chance in purgatory. He's got a
spite of all those emails, those spam emails, those clan
emails that they're sending out. Are they really? Oh, you haven't been getting them?
No. Lucky you. And what? Oh, you know, he's a
plum and his father did this and you know, how can we be so stupid and you know,
just anti-black, anti-Muslim as if he is. In other words, a bunch of racist. Yeah,
that's how it's used in a lot of sport.
The 5.62 AM.
And then, for its later,
no God has made it easy.
I took a call from the monarchs. They say the future be right for me.
Now I can't get snow jobs because I don't got no liberty.
Eyes talking like an old me grow.
If I may start the house this way, now I can't do nothing.
But my heritage say, hey, that's okay.
Change my name to sugar.
Try to do Santa Coda in a Cadillac.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside.
They build a dead bar.
Grind the blues about poverty.
White men was got snow jobs holding.
It's time.
Tody by mixing kid my life of change.
Now I got to go and sell more raccoca.
Raccoca.
Raccoca.
Raccoca.
Raccoca.
Raccoca.
Lordy, what a boy in the song.
Ibonics makes me sound funny.
Got nothing to do with literacy.
Now I got to make more money.
They've a pool.
Sounds good to me.
I got plenty of nothing.
Ibonics ain't getting me anywhere.
Maybe I'll bug an old white bitch.
Steal a purse and pull her hair.
Then I gonna take some money.
My cereal and a fridge are dead.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside.
They build a dead bar.
Grind the blues about poverty.
White men was got snow jobs holding.
It's time.
Tody by mixing kid my life of change.
Now I got to go and sell more raccoca.
Raccoca.
Raccoca.
Raccoca.
Raccoca.
Raccoca.
Raccoca.
Raccoca.
Raccoca.
Raccoca.
Bye bye bye.
The biggest name is Obsessed Alice.
And my am a golden football.
I am a basketball.
More videos of 560 from you QAM.
I am a son of a lot of Dale.
I don't know what a Paco is.
What is reaching?
