Your person of this program will be produced about the express-
What was that?
The EQAM beat the ground.
I don't mean to be going.
I mean, what was that season's play?
The biggest names.
The best talent.
You're listening to the story.
Anybody got any idea what was that?
The M860 WQAM.
My M8 for the Latter Day.
Not again, don't worry.
What happened, don't worry.
That was supposed to be the hippest, most wicked hottest number open there.
Keep the odds in dazzle with the board babbling and the heat stats.
I'm a little bit of a train wreck.
Yeah.
Wasn't it a train wreck?
wreck.
You okay?
Okay.
No.
Got hit by a train.
Don't leave me now, Tweed.
And you'll have been a dating advice.
Advice?
Yes.
I took a girl and dinner last night.
I mean, a real one didn't work out so good.
So good.
Why?
Well, I did most of the talking.
You know how passionate I am about the...
Hee-hooops.
Hee-hooops.
I guess it's my homosexual attraction to men's basketball.
Well, she threw her apple teeny of my face and walked out.
Three.
Three.
Well, he's a little bit dead.
To the long.
You know, as a reminder me of the time, a you Dennis pulled out a hambo.
He sat there and tears welling up in his eyes like the old Indian.
I chew shed a tear that sparkled like a rainbow on the cheek of a sad child on a rainy
day.
Chattel of despair hung in the arena.
As you Dennis nursed the pain of a bold hambo, you just couldn't pull a hambo and I cried
a love man.
Oh, kinds of men.
And that's why ladies and gentlemen, nothing matters more in my life than being a vacuum
as self-interested homosexuals more whole.
I don't think you'll get you go.
Oh, I liked that last part.
Anyway, you won't hear him today.
He's off today.
He must be traveling with them my heath for another embarrassing loss for another
flight relation by somebody.
Hey, they want last night.
They want to game last night.
All right.
All right.
That's 13, right?
I'm lucky number.
That's right.
We got the DA on the Jag Show today and I don't know if he's going to have to do a split
duty again.
I shouldn't say that.
Split duty.
But the beast is supposed to be on 9am.
Midnight.
So, the DA may have to stand by because the beast.
I don't know if he's ever going to be on the air again.
What do you think?
What are you hearing?
I'm sure he will.
But I've always with us today.
All those judges are back.
But he's not back yet.
He's not back yet?
No.
Get out of here.
He's joising and rejoicing and rejoicing.
He went out minutes ago.
Yeah, about the AFS and do a double shift.
That'll make two of us today.
Double duty.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I'm running the 2 to 4 show today.
With the DA.
Yeah, I found out yesterday that I was running it today.
See, do you go again sounding really sour?
That's after hours for you for quite a while.
That's an extra 4 box.
What are you complaining about?
I know. Well, you know that.
You know what I mean.
I had a feeling George wasn't there because I know damn well he would have had something to say about that bit.
He's running that horrible thing that he would be about 5 pound away from.
Very close that.
Not his 12 pounds.
Jesus, God Almighty.
That's what I said.
Must have had a heavy duty a good Easter Monday.
It was heavy duty, all right?
Yeah.
So was mine, but mine was heavy duty Saturday night.
I dodged a bullet there.
Let's just say.
It's a good thing that I went when I did.
I didn't. I didn't dodge a bullet.
Anyway, this guy's dead.
I already told you about it.
Too bad because you were to know him right away who he was.
Who?
A former professional wrestler was found dead in his home Sunday after suffering an apparent accidental drug overdose.
He's dead.
I don't know a lot of the modern professional guys.
Roy Tatum told the Atlanta Journal Constitution that his mother was dead.
The son Chase Tatum 34 was found dead around 4 p.m. Sunday and his home in the land is Buckhead neighborhood.
Never heard of it.
Never heard of Buckhead?
Never heard of Chase Tatum in there.
I was Buckhead worse than a Chase Tatum used to wrestle for the November Front World Championship Wrestling organization which was owned by Atlanta Media Mobile Ted Turner before it was sold to WWE.
More recently, he appeared in the comedy, Who's Your Catty alongside rapper Big Boy of Outcast?
Big Boy.
Chase Tatum would be coming.
So George saw the previews anyway for that movie that I'm all whipped up about the covenant he saw at least.
Didn't see the movie.
Yeah, it's only one.
It did look very good.
It was very good.
It was maybe the best movie I understand.
It was very gay.
It wasn't gay.
Well, it wasn't gay.
The movie wasn't gay.
But, and George also saw vengeance.
We're not vengeance.
What is vacancy?
All but like the last five minutes.
Didn't see the last five minutes because he went on to you.
You just spent too much time in the tea room, man.
That's your problem.
Well, that wasn't the problem there.
I mean, I did go for a quick one.
Yeah.
And then I've refreshed the drink.
And apparently it took too long to invent it.
A lot of it around for five minutes came back and they were rolling to create a plan.
I'm at it.
Missed the end of the movie.
That's really great.
So what did you think about you saw?
Oh, it was just fine.
I just, obviously, the ending is important.
But it was just fine.
It was good and suspenseful.
I was, you know, compelled, interested.
Chase Tate and me were recovering from back surgery to repair a degenerative disc which forced him to be tired from wrestling after a two and a half year career.
As father said, the former wrestler had been fighting a dependence on pain killers for years.
They've been planning to let her rehab too late now.
Roy Tate and his study yesterday his son was in the process of getting his life back together too late now.
Laura Saum and investigated with the court as office said yesterday at Toxicology Reports been ordered by the Fulton County Medical Examiner.
Chase Tate was 19 when he won the Mr. Georgia Bodybuilding Competition.
He began a career as a personal trainer which he continued until his death.
Well, so Chase Tate was never heard of him.
I don't know about that wrestling crap.
Oh, you can't say that everybody's into wrestling.
Me and everybody like, yeah, sure there.
Those people ought to be wrestling with their cowards when I was a kid.
Yeah, so was I.
When back when Gorgeous George was ready to get him.
They'd have all that campy crap on him.
Yeah, they can't be anymore.
See back in the early days of TV there were a lot of things that were very popular because there was nothing else on.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
What's your favorite simple pleasure?
We had a thousand seven votes.
And then I bumped it off of there.
So we got six, fifty three there.
We got a real legitimate child of a thousand today during the show.
And what do we get yesterday during the show, 900?
That was quite an accomplishment on a Monday.
On Easter Monday, no less.
Wow.
Taking an app 199, listening to Neil 195.
A little alone time, 185.
Cold beer after work, 149.
Good book at bedtime, 64.
Plain golf, 58.
Plain golf.
Oh my god.
Quitting time, 57.
Payday, 48.
Fishing, 47.
Unplugging the ears, five.
But you were talking about that last year.
That's why this person, whoever sent the poll and put it on there.
Only five polls said it.
It's a mess.
Well, it's not like a, I don't know.
It's not like something you do consciously.
It just happens.
Unless, of course, you're one of those people that, you know,
holds your nostrils and does all those other stands on your head.
Sticks your head in the toilet.
So we had the big old this morning for Joe Rosen.
I'm sure he'll be back again tomorrow to do that 830-10.
Because Joe has made up a story about how he's now doing the sentencing phase of the jury duty.
He was gone for like weeks and weeks and weeks before.
And now he's found a new scam, you know.
I don't know.
I bet you there's no inquisition about it either, because he's a sports nerd, you know.
The sports nerds ain't do whatever they want.
Like today, the A.H. is traveling with the heat as ethodial.
I would assume that I just was traveling with them.
They're playing in New York tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
See.
So what is he going to do for today?
Well, that was even their head.
Well, why is he got to go?
Oh, that's right.
He's traveling with the team, I guess.
I'm the team playing.
So we can be like part of the team.
Georgia, we fascinated, know that over the weekend, he did an IOD, I guess they had an emergency.
And whoever there, who does the games on radio?
Mike Englitz.
Yeah, they have a...
He wants to have a baby, some kind of a problem.
I wasn't able to.
I wasn't able to have a baby, I was a family member that I was told.
But somebody was ill, okay?
There was some kind of a problem.
We don't want to make light of that unless we have to.
And just like Bill O'Reilly said, I don't want to let go, you know, trash, what's your name?
Michelle Obama, unless he has to.
I want to win, sure.
At any rate, so pressing the service on IOD was jerks to the play by play.
I had a spy report saying it was just abominable, but nevertheless.
At least he's consistent, you know what I mean?
Uh-huh.
David Edwards and Mike Sheen on the raw story say, McCain, if some of you and Lava and I agree on Iraq,
well, another brilliant comment by the white hair, Old Geek, the Old Geezer.
John McCain told supporters of the town hall meeting that he'd tap US commander in Iraq General David Patras,
and terror mastermind Osama bin Laden all agree about the Iraq War.
As you probably know, an audio tape was released where bin Laden said, and I have to quote bin Laden,
the nearest field of jihad that they to support our people in Palestine is the Iraqi field.
The urge Palestinians and people of Syria, Lebanon, Jordan, and Saudi Arabia,
to help and support their Mujahine brothers in Iraq, which is the greatest opportunity in the biggest task.
McCain followed that with, for the first time I've seen Osama bin Laden General Patras in agreement,
and that is the central battleground of the battle against Al-Qaeda is in Iraq today.
There's another siren for you. Wow, a lot of them.
That's what they'd love to say, and that's what General Patras is saying.
And that's what I'm saying, my friends said, see now old and say, McCain.
I wonder if Jew Lieberman was sitting on his lap when he said it.
The Arizona senator took a swipe at his full election rivals using a condescending political slur,
often employed by President Bush, my Democrat opponents who want to pull out of Iraq,
refused to understand what's being said, and what's happening.
And that is the central battleground is Iraq in the struggle against radical Islamic extremism
and my friends were succeeding. Of course, those people weren't there in Iraq before we did the Iraq attack,
but he, you know, don't confuse him with the fact.
Shut up, Coddy Whitey, you know.
They'll follow his plans. That's right.
Scuse up all his arrangements.
Oh, here's a poll suggestion. What former QAM host would you like to see back at QAM?
Mohawar Davida, Davida, Davida, Davida, Geldy, the Humper, Farrah al-Moukshir,
while the Booster has gone off to Adoub, the Braves games again.
Kenny and Bo, and engine killer. Can't remember his name. D-Fo?
I'm sure that's what they mean.
No question. D-Fo. D-Fo.
Well, and then we got the liner on there too during the break.
Wow, a lot of that's good stuff coming my way.
I doubt it.
Join George this Friday from attending to 2PM in Kelstin Park in Casino and Hallendale,
come by for great horse racing, play a little bit of poker, maybe hit the slots for big money.
Plunge your guts out.
Plus, enjoy some great food and drinks while George gets ready for the Florida Derby at Kelstin Friday.
I was excited about it.
I am, yeah.
Good. Got me a big stack of cash, gonna bet it on.
I'm gonna bet the farm.
I'm gonna bet the farm.
I'm gonna bet it, anyway.
Remember, toss out the chalk. Just remember I told you that.
That's right. I'm gonna take lessons.
645 votes out of the days poll, which we'll get to after the break, and I'm sure everybody's sitting on the edge of their seats for that.
I know I am. I may actually fall off it.
Bill Rogers got sent to the John McCain.
Yes sir.
nominee of his party for the 2008 presidential nomination.
Guess what?
I'm not gonna support my canister.
You're an Obama supporter, absolutely.
A supporter of Barack Obama.
He's one of the unique geniuses and great guys.
He's got us some calls, Black Winkle Hire. Hello.
Peter McCain, who was president when you were born?
Abraham Lincoln.
Sarahson?
Yes.
100 years.
Actually, it's really longer than that.
Las Vegas, hello.
Senator McCain, what are your thoughts on Senator Clinton?
Senator Clinton.
Well, he's a unique person and a wonderful, wonderful guy, and I'm grateful to having him as a friend.
St. Louis, hello.
Senator McCain, are you still hooking up with female lobbyists?
I am.
Let me make it very clear.
I welcome him.
Why?
Really?
Right there is nothing orange-seller rating.
There is nothing more in big red.
I guess the Senator, John McCain, you're watching Larry King Why?
We'll be right back.
Wow.
That was pretty weak here for you.
Ask me.
I would be begging.
What do I know?
10, 17 to 5, 60 to the number two.
You are still there now, aren't you?
I'm ready here.
Okay. Well, yeah.
After what we had happened yesterday, we had all sorts of technical diffugal these men.
You're kind of a crowd.
I really could have considered how I feel today.
Yeah. At any given moment, I might not be here.
What are you talking about?
This is part of what I've been telling you, and you're always into Nile about it.
You've always either got the schmitzer, and of course you're going to talk about that.
Right.
You're just going to see how that opportunity is.
You're just seeing how that opportunity is.
Okay.
At least I wasn't working during that period of time.
Wow.
My luck.
What a gigantic lobby in that Hilton hotel.
I mean, the size of 75 football fields, and I'm looking where is the parking?
Where is the room?
Where is some help?
Help.
This is those Easter chickens coming home to roofs.
There's no question.
I see.
656 votes out of the days pool.
What's the silliest thing about the Brits?
The whole royal family thinks 312.
That's what I voted.
The royals, man.
It's just so stodgy and so pretentious and so archaic and outmoded and idiotic.
They actually have found this in the war for oil.
126.
Their teeth 62.
They drink warm beer 59.
Their obsession with...
See, that spelled wrong.
Should be FUTB0W with soccer.
32.
The way they talk 28.
They seem to actually care what the French think 26.
And the silly way they say the word bloody.
Bloody this and bloody that and bloody Brits and bloody frogs.
13.
I kind of like that.
Out of 66 you want what?
Bloody frogs, yeah.
Yeah, just bloody in general.
No, not me.
I like my states medium-well, man.
I like the one I had at a great ribeye with Christian the night.
The only problem is I forgot to tell him don't butter the steak because they brought all the
steaks and butter with Chris.
Mm-hmm.
And they brought them at a very high temperature.
So they cooked exactly the way you order it.
But I forgot to say, hold the butter.
I'd also add the frog soup, you know, the French onion soup with the cheese on top.
Mm-hmm.
And I told you what happened to me.
I asked you then when I had that.
That's happening to me more and more latent life.
Maybe, you know, maybe I can save the last splurk for why the crud.
Wouldn't that be something?
I'm sure.
That's where they say when you crue.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Your body just lets loose it.
Right.
If everything just comes flying out.
But then again, you don't care at that point.
No.
Whatever happens to be around, oh my god.
Whoa.
In fact, it makes me think of that there that I missed at Pompeo Park that night when
Fat Richa.
Oh geez.
Expired?
Yeah.
I'll find one.
Can one even begin to imagine that?
I don't want to.
I'm sure glad I wasn't there.
Let me see it again.
This article here by Mark Caputo in the Herald is so aggravating and so annoying that it
just...
It makes me realize one of the many, many reasons why I don't want to be in Florida any
more than I absolutely have to be.
The headline is, Floridians might vote on church state issue.
More than 120 years after anti-catholic bigotry helped lead Florida to ban government aid
to religious institutions.
A powerful state.
Sorry.
Can I finish?
All right.
At least the first sentence would be good.
A powerful state tax commission will decide Wednesday tomorrow, whether to wise voters
to strike that provision from the state constitution.
The so-called no aid provision led in appeals court in 2004 to cancel the centerpiece
of then governor of fat ass jet Bush's voucher program that allowed private religious schools
to get state money.
The court ruling left the door open to a far more reaching consequence that scores
of programs costing millions of public dollars and serving thousands of people could be
vulnerable from back this hospital to Catholic universities to church drug treatment centers
to religious voluntary pre-k schools.
All it would take is the right lawsuit and the right court in the state could be in crisis
as former Bush aid and voucher backer Patricia Levec, who sits on the taxation and budget
reform commission as proposed eliminating the strict and far reaching no aid language
Levec that rhymes with DREC.
But opponents such as the state teachers union in church states separate to sail
a back and religious approach such as the Florida Catholic Conference are misreading the law,
exaggerating the threats to secular programs joined by nominally religious groups,
and trying to prop up a newer type of voucher program that hasn't been challenged in court
and that the legislature wants to double in size.
The guest keys will never stop, man.
They'll never stop.
Try to grab your money.
And stick their nose into your wallet into your life.
A pox on all your religious notes, a pox on your baby-aid chicken pox.
Still both sides agree that Florida's no aid language is stricter than federal principles
of separation of church and state, as well as similar prohibitions in understate constitutions.
The Florida no aid clause says that no government revenue shall ever be taken from the public
treasury directly or indirectly in Native-any church, sect or religious denomination in
Native-any sectarian institution.
Levec says that language is clear and dangerous to the state's budget if faith-based providers
are booted off the job.
Faith-based my ass.
Faith-based providers.
What a term.
That's a Bushism, man.
Right.
Faith-based.
Just code for violating that separation of church and state.
Just code for letting the guest keys in the back door.
And boy, they're loving doing that.
We're not trying to stir up people, said Levec, who now works for Jet Bush's foundation
for Florida's future.
If these things start getting challenged, what are we going to do about it?
The state has faith-based providers filming the gap everywhere.
Ron Meyer, the Florida Education Association Union, where his successfully fought Bush's
first voucher plan, said removing the no aid provision or weakening comes at the worst
of times a budget crisis when the state's got too many needs and too little money.
We can't pay for state government, but now we're going to pay for religion.
Meyer said that's quite an irony.
Meyer said the no aid opponents have predicted doom and gloom with hospitals and social
service providers for years, yet the money, about 250 million, near to the hospitals,
as flowed into nominally religious groups.
Not only does one have a real reason to sue over the no aid issue, we say they don't have
the grounds.
There's a difference between helping someone in an emergency room with medical care at
Baptist or Catholic hospital and taking public money to preach your version of religion
in the classroom, he said.
The US Supreme Court is already waiting on vouchers, ruining that no hydro voucher system
that sent money to some religious schools, didn't violate the First Amendment, but it
also determined in a Washington case that no aid provisions don't violate it either.
In other words, but it bit about, like that.
The no aid provision first appeared in Florida's Constitution in 1885.
Years after main Senator James Blaine exploded anti-Cafiric sentiment when he proposed
an Amendment to the US Constitution in 1875 to ban public finance here religious groups
at the time.
Many schools were run by Protestants who wanted to slow the spread of Catholicism from
Ireland and Italy.
The amendment failed, but so-called blame amendments made into 37 state constitutions.
Florida's amendments survived a rewrite of the state constitution in 1968, as well as
a Constitutional Revision Commission in 98, and no one mentioned Catholics or any other
religion pejoratively at the time.
The state Supreme Court ducked the no aid issue entirely when it ruled on vouchers, even
though the lower appeals courts struck the program down on no aid grounds and specifically
as it just existed to examine the issue by noting that other instances of public money
going to religious institutions could be affected in another time, in other cases,
in the audience own unique facts, but it'd be put a boot put about.
But the state's a pain court rule that the Opportunity Scholarship Program, which gave
vouchers to kids at poorly rated schools, ran a follow of a state constitution
of vision calling for uniform free public schools, the ruling will stand whether or not
the no aid provision is struck.
Oh, God, I mean, like there's some debate about it.
Right, what's the name of that story I want to copy of it?
Are you starting in like that jerk that the...
That's right, I'm starting in.
For Riddies, my vote on church state issue, Mark Caputo.
Thank you, and we'll go find it now.
I'm in a hurry.
NeilRodger.com.
What?
I'm going to NeilRodgers.com tonight.
More good for you.
I bet you it's on here.
If Josh Court has put all the stories on, but then again, you know him, you might have
been out getting drunk and late again last night because that's...
No life has a party, right?
Seems to me that I'm surrounded by a lot of people.
I know who think that life is just a never ending party.
You're part of it, that's your fault.
What?
You're in a part of it, that's your fault.
Oh, join the party, baby.
No, that's not that party.
That's the party party.
Now I've already been in that one.
I know, me too.
I think I'm so...
It's not a party in your pantaloon.
It's not a no when everybody's invited.
Let's see, here's the fact that says, Neil was asking what son Big O was playing when he
wrapped it.
No, that's not what I was asking at all.
You were in the car, but it was soldier boy.
Play a little for him.
I think the old man will absolutely hate it.
No, I hate to break the news to you, Paul.
I thought what I was talking about at all.
He played some clip there, some drop-in from somebody I don't remember what it was.
Do you remember Chris what it was?
No, I don't.
You're talking just now while I was in the...
It was supposed to be funny.
Oh, I think.
God, it was just...
Oh.
Just, it was so painful, it was enough to make you just...
Bite your teeth so hard, they all crunch like chickens, you know?
It was soldier boy, the old man will absolutely hate it.
Oh, okay, thank you so much, Paul.
Oh, what's his name?
Something's best to...
He's a hero, Paul.
He's 435.
He's 6QAM.
He's 4th leader.
Watch, brother, son of a bitch.
Oh.
Oh, oh.
Sad.
In his birthday suit.
Sad attached.
To a prostitute.
All right.
Glo.
On his number one.
Got some love.
Right at the mansion.
No God knows.
Sadly not into oblivion.
The God boat.
Better luck of all ammunition.
His wife would punch in the gut cause her guy, Elliot got caught.
Oh.
Ruffle thing to see.
In reminding me of Jim McRevy.
But not quite.
Cause we're talking about pros.
Black and white.
Under his big nose.
The God boat.
Selling up into oblivion.
The God boat.
Better hide all the ammunition.
And set a course for embarrassment and sexual harassment.
Don't.
Not knowing lines were tapped.
Like a ball.
Two and just been said.
The God.
I hope your white comes up.
Your joke.
It's a 1033.
Speaking of junk boy, there's a lot of it on that disc in there.
27 before 11 a.m.
We got D.A. for J.J.
for jerks.
And this fact you just sent me from Keith kind of a crappy facts in it.
You ran out of toilet paper at the end of his deed this morning.
Had a bottle in the closet was thinking of my story about pooping my pants.
See if you want proof that there's no God, there's no way that God would let us scrap like this.
That's true.
It could be a cruel God.
No, it's a very loving God.
It's a wonderful loving God.
He has rats.
His rats.
Oh, here's normal again.
What does it say?
Oh, my God.
This is what Papa Janko looked like.
Guess you're coming down for the Yankee Marlins game.
It's pretty funny, but outside of the opening day against the mess.
The biggest Marlins pre-sale game this year.
The Yankee's exhibition game in March.
Oh, get a life.
I have no life.
Get a life.
He's silly lady.
You better understand.
Oh, what?
Here's what I don't understand.
When people know that you have no interest in something, then they can't.
That's why he does it.
That's why he does it.
But he knows that it's not funny.
No, no, not to be funny, to be annoying.
Yeah, but...
Uh-huh.
To be annoying.
Like Fatboy.
Do you think that he sends me emails or stuff?
Yeah, but for Fatboy's crazy person.
Oh, I see.
And Norma?
I see.
Sorry.
I rest my case.
Give it a more credit than that.
Thanks, Keith.
What would Jesus wipe with?
That's a good question.
What would Jesus wipe with a white cloud or a charm?
Shroud.
White shroud?
Yeah.
White shroud.
The shroud of T.P.
The white shroud of T.P.
The white shroud of T.R.N.
That's good stuff.
What would a white for long?
It's 10-ply.
Now, you know, I had to bring this up because it's a crappy subject, but I'm new.
You know, is our middle name on a show and on this station, of course.
What did they use back in the day?
Didn't we do this once before?
I probably might have, I don't know.
But a long time ago.
Papyrus?
I don't know.
Papyrus?
Papyrus.
Papyrus.
Papyrus.
Papyrus.
Yeah.
I don't know.
What did they wipe with back in the day?
I read it the wrong way.
Yeah, I don't know.
Corn kind of.
But you don't know what I'm saying.
Of course, that if there was really a loving God, that would not be something to win it.
And it certainly couldn't happen like spontaneously like happening to me in the Hilton Hotel a Saturday night.
After a fine meal at Ruth Chris, too fine to meal obviously.
That's the most there was a God because you don't bow down and worship Yahweh, the slaughter God.
That's what he does.
Yeah.
So I'm going to Google it during the break and find out what the history of toilet...
Did we did that, though?
Didn't we?
The history of toilet.
We did the history of the toilet.
I don't want to do the history of the toilet.
Although that is another interesting.
What kind of toilets did they have back in those days?
Where did they...
They used to have their folds in the ground.
Remember, we did do that research.
Oh, in Italy, there's some places where they still do that.
Right.
Yeah, there's some old buildings where they still go to the public tea room and there's like, you know,
there are urinals and then there's a hole in the ground.
You've heard of places that are like a little hole in the wall, or this is a hole in the ground.
And the way you share...
And you better have a wide stance like Larry Duh-Hell.
And good aid.
Oh yeah.
That's the only way he has good enough aid.
I don't know, this is a crappy topic, but it's part of life.
You know, it's part of life.
I don't know, it isn't.
It happens to the best of us.
Yeah, it is.
And especially with you, my god.
Hey.
What do you think I did all day yesterday?
Easter?
And then half of the...
And then on Monday, you had an uncore presentation, baby.
Nothing but eating.
Why?
Because it was Easter.
Oh, what's he gonna do?
He's gonna hear Easter.
What do you have like a...
Ham?
Yeah, you bet.
Easter, ham, ham.
And the mashed potatoes.
Jesus think about that eating ham.
It's true.
No, if it was free, he'd probably get some.
No, but then...
See, that's the irony of the whole thing is that people are going to eat ham on Easter.
And Jesus was Jewish.
He would know.
No ham.
You think we celebrate Easter?
Are you crazy or what?
You think that in my house, when we celebrate Easter, we got anything to do with Jesus?
You bet.
With the zombie Jesus.
That's exactly the rule.
The rule house probably has insomnia Saturday night because you're so excited about getting up Sunday morning and going to church like my crazy.
Oh yeah.
You know something like that.
I mean, the fact that anybody would tell somebody else that without expecting to be Baker-Acted and taken away in a rubber room somewhere in a straight jacket, I mean, just pathetic.
Pathetic.
All the Getskis out there and new people in the media.
Oh, you know, this thing with 9-11 with a terrorist and with everything that's going to go to a so-called war on terror.
It's not the war on terror.
It's the war against religious fanaticism and not just Islamophacism.
I guess all religions.
All the fanatics all the time.
Look at the way those Getskis were carrying out on McCain and Jew Lieberman were there the other day.
You see that?
Uh-huh.
And the rabbi he was screaming with the beard and the payee in the whole day.
Oh, he's me.
Who's got the humontage in my memory?
Wow.
And the rest of us, the handful, the small handful, the small part of this group of lunatics.
How am I more supposed to survive it?
How am I going to survive it?
And then we come up with that story about what's going on in Florida.
People are going to vote on whether or not we can...
Yeah, let's just give all our money to the churches.
How's that?
Let's just give it all to the Pope.
Let's give it all to what's his name?
Tom Cruise for the Scientologists.
Boy.
Pretty sad story.
I don't care about baseball and normal.
Or the Marlins are any better than the crap.
Okay, grow up already.
Will you please?
I have no idea.
I wonder why he hasn't got us any kind of a deal?
You wonder?
I don't want to.
Do you?
Do you know what I wonder about is people know it's you.
I'm talking about insanity here now.
I'm not being cute.
When people do some things to bother you that they know bothers you.
Yes.
They're not sane people.
I know that.
I'm not debating that.
Am I going to say that normal is sane?
I never said that.
I'm not being cute.
I'm not here.
It's scary.
Be a friend.
This is nothing new.
It doesn't funny.
It means stupidity.
It has nothing to do with dealing with the issues of my career and your career and chicken
that can whoever else is involved in this program.
The audience who still enjoy the show for whatever reason.
I can't figure out why.
Wow.
There's Hank is on CNN again.
I think it's a nuclear.
Missiles like this.
You know, it was funny how his voice goes up when he's on TV.
I guess it's kind of like a disguise.
You know.
I just think that's what it is.
One moment please.
Let me crank me up.
Oh, yeah.
It's all the way up.
These assemblies in themselves are not nuclear.
The fact that he and Hank is then have the energy to speak louder than that.
But she's like offer fee today.
Don't forget to go out and see Georgia Gulf Stream on Friday, 10 to 2.
Give him some tips.
Bring some money.
Bring a bag of money too.
So he can have some.
Heady cat.
The biggest name.
The best out here.
He's in the logics.
40 to 5.
60 QAM.
The sports leader.
Hell, it damn near kill them.
Did you know that Johnny Carson ate cat Halloween baby to stay slim?
Where'd you hear that?
I read it in the toilet.
Here is.
You don't want to know.
Did you know there's a place just 6 feet under the earth where you go when you die?
Where did you get that?
I picked it up in the toilet.
Here's what you'll find in the toilet this week.
From this die gave birth to a 65 pound show horse.
John Kennedy's come back in a spaceship with a super new diet.
The bird is dating Johnny and clay to make war and jealous.
I'm sleeping with Joan Collins and I don't even know it.
Where did you read that?
Is the toilet.
The national toilet.
Put a quarter in the slime and we'll light the world for you.
1025 at 560 WDQM.
I'm sorry.
I'm repeating the last.
Anil Cleansing.
The history of.
Anil Cleansing is the important hygienic practice of cleaning the anus after defecation where
you sure can't let it get much more clinical than that can yet.
I guess not.
The anus and buttocks may be cleansed with toilet paper or similar paper products especially
in many Western countries.
Elsewhere water may be used using a jet as with a bidet or splashed and washed with a hand.
In other cultures in context material such as rags sand leaves including seeds.
The left hand corn cod or sticks are used.
That must be where the expression came from.
Stick it up your.
Oh yeah right.
Now here we go with paper.
The use of toilet paper for post defecation cleansing is widespread in Western culture.
In some parts of the world especially before toilet paper was available or affordable the use of newspaper like the
Harold telephone directory pages or other paper products were common.
Why sure hope that that ink didn't smear you know.
Old farmers on the act was sold with the whole punch in the corner so it can be hung on a nail in an outhouse.
The widely distributed tears catalog was also a popular choice until it began to be printed.
I'm glossy paper at which point some people wrote to the company to complain.
Boy you try to wipe your ass with glossy paper.
I've heard of dental gloss, floss, an urbey basins book, Viper in the Fist.
A Catholic family uses pages of a Catholic newspaper like Qua after tearing off the cross of Calvary.
In modern flush toilets using newspapers toward a paper is not allowed to cause blockages.
The practice continues to be in Africa.
While rules of Western style toilet paper are really available they can be fairly expensive, prompting less well off members of the community to utilize newspapers etc.
And especially Maze Cubs.
Corn Cubs.
Maybe that's where the expression came from that corn sure is special.
Spatial.
Ain't it?
Who wanted?
Using water to clean one's self along with toilet paper is sometimes in lieu of toilet paper is coming in Europe.
Most of South America, the Muslim world and Indian subcontinent, where people use their left hand to clean themselves in their right hand for eating or greeting.
Parts...what if somebody's left handed?
In parts of Africa though the converses drew in the right hand and handshake could be considered rude.
Oh no!
I'm gonna stay home.
In France toilet sanitation was supplemented by the invention of the Badei in the 1710s, with the improvements to plumbing in the mid-late 19th century the Badei moved from the bedroom where it was kept with a chamber pot to the bathroom.
Modern Badeis uses stream of warm water to cleanse the genitals and anus before modern plumbing badeis had a hand crank to achieve its own sense.
I gotta say only if you have a hot and cold Badei because there are cold water only Badeis.
The Badei is commonplace in many European countries especially in Spain, France and Italy.
Also in Japan we're about half of all households have a some form of Badei often combined with the WC and the single appliance.
It's also very popular in the Middle East.
The use of water in Muslim countries is due in part to Muslim Sharia which encourages washing after defecation.
It's not a common to find South Eastern, a South Asian and Middle Eastern people express their disgust for the use of only dry toilet paper as they doubt the effectiveness of just wiping with toilet paper and through the water.
The toilet paper is impossible to completely clean one's anus and that washing is absolutely necessary.
Absolutely.
Toilet paper is more common in these households where they often use both toilet paper and water to cleanse themselves.
In many countries a hose with a water sprayer called a Muslim Shower or Health Fawcet is used for a pale water sprayer instead of a water sprayer.
In Japan a nozzle placed at the rear of the closet aims of water jets at the bottom and serves the purpose of cleaning.
However, this arrangement is common only in western toilets and not in the traditional toilets.
Another popular alternative resembles a miniature shower. It is also termed a health faucet.
It's placed on a holder near the toilet thus enabling the person using a bag with an arm's life for easy accessibility.
In the Philippines and other South East Asian countries such as Thailand, house bathrooms usually have a medium sized wide plastic dipper or large cup which is also used in bathing.
However, most general households utilize toilet paper, health faucets or bidets and in some rich mansions as well.
Some health faucets are metal sets attached to the bowl of the water closet with the opening strategically pointed at the target anus black dome.
Toilets in public establishments may provide toilet paper for free or dispense though the dipper or even a cut up pet bottle or plastic jug with a sports ice cream can can be used for this purpose occasion and cut it in some establishments.
A pet bottle or plastic jug?
The most high-spired, difficult not to cleanse their anus with water. Most of the shopping malls don't provide health faucets since they are considered to be dirty and could make it hard for them to keep the bathrooms clean.
Japanese toilets, what issue goes on and on? The first paperless toilet was invented in Japan in 1980.
It's a combination of toilet, midday and dryer controlled by an electronic panel next to the toilet seat.
This is famously led to tourist accidentally activating the bidet and causing a gentle water to shoot high in the air and spray all over the bathroom floor.
Usually, we started investigating the unfamiliar pictures buttons all labeled in Japanese.
The fact that some toilets use a button on the same panel to flush exacerbate the problem.
Many modern Japanese bidet toilets, especially in hotels and public areas, are labeled with pictograms to avoid the problem.
And most newer problems have a sense that will refuse to activate the bidet unless somebody is sitting, unless there's an ass on the seat.
Sitting, that is.
Which I don't think I was doing a Saturday was something close to that.
But before I left, I made sure I cleaned everything off real nice and sanitary because I don't know.
Although I did have my underwear in the corner of the stall area.
Yeah, and dispensed with the toilet.
Sure, yeah, I can only lie down.
And then yesterday I got chastised by Jack, Jack, Zach, Zach and Chris for not throwing them in a proper disposal place
as if I was going to worry about finding one.
You disposed them in the improper disposal place?
Yeah, in the corner of the stall there.
Oh, I see.
People that are hostile, man.
All right, well, I'm not going to need them.
And they thought I should.
Well, they also both thought that I should have taken my pants to the dry cleaners, you know.
Well, that's what different dry cleaners.
Yeah, not in here.
Oh, what difference did I get in my hand?
Is that a regular dry cleaners?
Yeah.
Well, you're afraid they're going to judge you?
Oh, there's that guy.
There's that guy.
Nobody in their right mind takes a pair of crappy pants to the dry cleaners unless you're a lunatic, all right?
You know what they have?
I mean, you say that they have a lot of Chinese, so I assume that laundry places where they might work.
Yeah, I dry cleaning lady.
She's a Chinese lady.
Right, yeah.
And she's very nice and she likes me.
We get a laundry and no one can compare the pants like that.
You know what?
She would see me come to the door and she would go, yeee, you like that.
I'll wait here.
She's dealt with much worse.
You think?
I'm sure.
Why is that?
In the course of Chinese?
No, because of the nature of the business.
Because of the nature of the business.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Well, I don't care about other people, they can be in the right place.
Look, I'm certainly not no health freak number one.
Right.
I'm probably this freak number two.
No fashion plate number three to say that very, very least.
But I mean, come on.
Even I'm not that much of a slab I'm going to do something like that.
But evidently, Zach is.
He was very adamant about it.
He also admitted that in college he crept his pants, but it was wearing his shorts and college, you know.
And he got on the bus.
He got on the back of the bus.
See, I was lucky in that regard.
It was a holiday weekend.
For whatever reason, the lobby of the Hilton Hotel was almost completely empty.
I mean, there was nobody around.
Huge, huge lobby.
And I'm looking.
I wish I had binoculars.
Where's the tea room?
Where's the sign?
You know?
And where's the parking garage?
And then adding insult to injury after I go through this whole process.
And of course, I'm still wearing my pants, my soil pants, not the underwear, but I'm wearing the pants.
And I finally found the parking garage and I can't find the car.
It took me 10 minutes of walking around.
I'm on P2.
I know P2 is like the whole floor.
It doesn't tell you where to hide.
I forgot to write down what section.
You know what I mean?
Right?
Because sometimes I'm stupid.
Like, I'm always used to say sometimes, I'm stupid.
Of course, you said you were always stupid.
That's right.
I'll find it.
I'm still wounded by that, too.
Yeah, I would think so.
I would cry and cry.
Mm-hmm.
Of course, you're still here.
And here's a problem with George.
Yeah.
He's stupid.
Here's a problem with George.
Yeah.
He's stupid.
Ah, it's a problem with George.
Yeah.
He's stupid.
Everybody was stupid.
See, at least you had a lot of company.
Everybody sent him.
The whole, the rest of the world is out of step except Mo.
How come it is that in my life I encounter people like that?
I've got one here, you know?
The rest of the world is out of step.
He's, you know, he knows the answers to everything.
Just like Mexico time, you know?
If it's 8 o'clock, if that's the time for dinner,
then that means 830 is when we're going to get there.
And we did.
Now maybe that extra half hour would have given me, you know,
a little leeway there, you know what I'm saying?
I doubt it, but that's a good excuse.
736 votes.
Chris is going to do a thousand votes today.
We couldn't do it yesterday with Zach.
They like Zach a lot, but he ain't no George, you know?
But then again, who is?
Well, I will say this.
He didn't go up.
He didn't get up once during the show.
I don't believe to go, Joyce.
Now he did it before he joined the show.
Well, I did it really.
Now how do you know?
You sure see?
Have you got like a log?
Have you part in the expression?
All right.
He'd be tracking these things.
A log rod.
He didn't join the show until about 40, 10, 45.
Because you said he was taking care of post-mortem show stuff.
Yeah, and that was one of them.
Exactly.
He literally, like, put it this way.
He was standing over here, like, in the doorway between the two rooms,
jumping up and down.
So they go now.
So I'm not going to, and he's like, okay, yeah, I'm ready.
And he, like, went running out and then he came back and was good to go.
Yeah.
See, that's the thing with us, fat people, man.
We Joyce a lot.
We Joyce.
We rejoice.
I'm not going to read.
I don't like this poll.
I only put it on there because I was desperate for a poll, you know,
and somebody had sent it in.
I don't want to insult them or like that because we appreciate any polls.
Now what about this one we got here today?
About which former host would you like to see back?
I like to leave it.
I like to see back.
You didn't put a new poll on there.
I put it on Thursday and then you put it on Friday.
I didn't know it was supposed to.
I could have.
I had one.
I think I'll say it.
You wait for this man or cut it out of the same poll.
I'll save it for next Friday.
Oh, I'm very lazy.
You don't have to put it on next Friday because all of your Friday morning for a couple of hours.
Right.
Unless of course you want to do the whole for I'd rather not know, especially from now there.
Don't have my choice because you know I'll have to do everything from your remote control.
You know how that is?
You never remote for the slot machines man.
When it'd be great.
You could sit right there and you could operate the machine.
I'm going to be taking a handicapping lessons classes right there on the other side.
I've got to wrap it up.
That book I was supposed to get.
Yeah, exactly.
And I'm positive it's just another one of these.
I know your intentions are the best.
No doubt in my mind.
But I don't want to get you the outdated one.
See that's the one.
All right.
Can I tell you all of these books they're all the same.
I'm sure.
Don't tell you anything.
I'm sure.
They pretend they're going to tell you something.
They give you all the history and all the suboring stuff.
The first machines with the fruits and with the this and the neither.
And but as far as really telling you the holy cow, look at that.
There's a men's roguine foam.
Okay.
This guy just came out of the shower and naked as a jaybird and he's smeared it all through his hair and the roguine too.
The biggest game.
The best challenge.
His neurologist's 435.
60 QAM.
The ex-police leader.
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is his way.
Any questions?
In Iraq, the trends appear positive.
Continuing a dramatic decline that began after the US troops surge reached its full strength in the summer.
It's the job of this insurvy and threat.
21 Americans have died compared to 112.
Two ratchets are gone.
Back in the 11 away.
That's the second lowest monthly photos since the war began.
Jessica dreaming of dancing with the stars.
Stay focused on yourself and look the other way.
I'm back in Spine now.
So stop from thinking.
I'm back in Spine now.
So stop from thinking.
Yeah, we committed a tragedy.
Only 600 Iraqi civilians were killed.
Two were nation that never under the fear.
Oh yeah.
Thanks you a murdering crime event at the end.
Who holds hands with the sorry like the queen.
I'm back in Spine now.
So stop from thinking.
I'm back in Spine now.
The surge is working.
Civilian deaths are down.
Security and killings are down.
The top number of more American forces are down.
The surge is working.
We've got to keep the things over and over again.
Where the truth is to sink in.
We've got to cut a fault and propaganda.
Propaganda.
That's what Hitler said.
Just keep repeating the lie long enough and over and over and over and over and they'll begin to believe it.
And one good Nazi deserves another.
It's 11.03 at 5.60 W.F.E.
Happy Tuesday finally.
Finally, we had a holiday.
We had a first day of spring.
And we sprung ahead for a daylight savings time.
And we had a good Friday and bad Saturday in the Eastern, the Sunday and the Eastern Monday.
That Eastern Monday thing.
To me, that's bogus.
Yeah, River the West.
Somebody made it up so people like you could have the day off and I like it.
I like it.
There's shovel all that heat.
Oh, God's not too happy about that.
I'm going to tell you right now all that ham.
It's trache.
So more for me.
You should take a very sarner's hand.
You should pay for the walls with it.
No, it was good hands.
No, he stole it.
He stole it.
Oh, come on.
Gary's sarner?
Did he?
What?
Where do you mind not?
When's the last time he sold anything on his show?
He sold all the national.
He was almost every by the wholesale of the Burma.
How about Todd Dreck?
Is he still there?
You know I'm not sure I haven't seen him in a while.
And Brian Schmutz?
Yeah, he's here.
Boy, he did a fantastic job when I won a county and heard it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
P.D. Lenny?
Oh, yeah.
He stole it.
Oh, how sad.
747 on the pool about the Brits.
They give me the Schmutz.
But I'm not, you know, a lot of things give me the Schmutz
like buttered steak.
In President Bush's view, former Iraqi dictator Sarner
who's saying there was many things they developed for a
weapons of mass destruction.
An ally of Al-Qaeda and the guy that tried to kill my dad.
Remember that?
Try to kill my daddy.
My dad.
Recent intelligence reports have already shocked down the
first two notions.
No WMD stockpiles were found in Iraq after the US invasion.
And it just released Pentagon assessment failed to find any
smoking gun link between Sodom and the terror groups that
plundered the 9-11 attacks.
Now, skepticism is newly-involving allegations of an Iraqi plot to
assassinate former President George Herbert Walker Bush during
a trip to Kuwait 1993.
Newsweek's Michael Isikov reports that the same Pentagon report
that's essentially disproved in Iraq Al-Qaeda link also
calls into question the 92-plot that spurred former President Bill
Clinton to launch a tumour of cruise missiles struck against
Sodom's Iraqi intelligence service, the IIS.
Isikov writes the review conducted for the Pentagon's
Joint Forces Command, combed through 600,000 pages of Iraqi
intelligence documents seized after the fall of Baghdad,
as well as thousands of hours of audio and video tapes of
Sodom's conversations with the ministers and top aides.
The study found that the IIS kept remarkably detailed records
of virtually every operation planned including pups to assassinate
Iraqi exiles and disflights spouses in booby traps who cases to
Iraqi embassies.
But the Pentagon researchers found no documents that refer
to any plan to kill Bush.
The absence was conspicuous because researchers were of its
political significance or looking for such evidence.
It was surprising said one source from any of the
preparation of the report who under Pentagon ground rules
was not permitted to speak on record.
Given how much the Iraqis did document, use of hope there
would have been some veil reference to something about the plot.
If there was one, Isikov notes that the absence of evidence
doesn't prove the Iraqis were planning to assassinate the former
President, just as former Secretary of Defense Donald
Rumsfeld famously said about Iraqi WMD never found that
the absence of evidence is not absence of evidence of...
Let me say it again.
The absence of evidence is not the evidence of absence.
God.
But his latest report adds to questions that have been raised about
the life plot since the month before and after the missile
strike had inspired.
And it goes on.
In November 93, the New Yorker's tenacious investigative report
has seen more harsh reported my own investigations of uncovered
circumstantial evidence, at least as compelling as the Clinton
administration that suggests the American government's case against
Iraq as it has been outlined in public anyway as seriously flawed.
It was all made up as a bunch of lies, public misuses.
This was part of the Neocon plan, baby, the Iraq attack.
And these people all belong in jail, a whole lot of them from
Wolfwoods and Bush and Chini and a whole bunch of them.
And life goes on.
What time's dancing with the stars on?
Well, there's that screamer again at Ali Filching for class.
Oh, my God.
Get her off my screen, please.
750 unemployed are going to be way over 800 by noon.
Isn't that the Barack Obama?
We usually check out...
That's usually what it is.
You're going to be over 800 by noon.
That means by 2, we get over 1000 votes.
And that means I can leave it noon on Friday.
And yes, you can plunge this ball.
It got some...
You're not understanding what I'm telling you about that book.
And believe me, I did read the link that you sent me.
I understand.
But...
All of these books, they're all the same.
They all say, oh, it's written by an insider,
by the guy who invented them, by the guy who services them,
by some technician.
And I've paid you know, a few hundred bucks.
I've got had a good time at Woodbuy and losing.
With the money that I've wasted to print out these online books and online articles and all those other crap.
And like I said the other day, they say such profound things as,
there's no such thing as a hot or cold machine.
And then five paragraphs later, they believe a hot machine.
Have you understand?
I do understand.
And anybody who's ever played this life, I'm talking about really played them.
You know what I mean?
Like I do.
They know that's a bunch of crap that they go through cycles.
You know, they go through cycles because over a period of time they have to pay out a certain percentage.
97 or 88 or whatever the percentage is, 5 percent.
And so there are periods of time.
Well, I mean some of them might be consistently, you know, like pay a certain amount day after day, hour after hour.
But that's very rare.
Well I'm fighting, there are some that are like cold as hell for days and days and weeks.
And all of a sudden they go nuts.
Like on Sunday I go there and this old Chinese monon is old.
Life there's sitting there playing the number two machine, the dollar wheel of fortune, the five times machine.
And they get a spin for a thousand.
Cold as ice.
Now this one is usually coated, though, but when it gets hot it goes crazy.
So they get a spin for a thousand.
They leave, they cash out whatever credits they have, they leave.
And I fly over to that machine.
Because I know that that one when it gets hot, it goes nothing.
Sure enough within 45 minutes I got a spin for a thousand bucks.
I want 1200 ran out.
Have you like that?
All right.
But there's no such thing as hot machine.
Even though it paid 400 several times and it paid a thousand on the line once a thousand.
Of course there's such a thing.
And our machines that are as cold as ice that are going through that cycle of,
yeah, you're playing against the computer, don't you understand this?
I did.
That's why I get so frustrated with some of these people.
Oh gee, I put in $600.
Yeah, I sit there laughing at them.
What's wrong with you?
Don't you understand all you're doing is feeding a machine that's dead as a door nail right now.
It might be that way to rest of the day, the rest of the week, the rest of the month.
Who knows when that thing's ever going to give out?
Put out.
754 and that Brit pull.
I don't like the pull.
I might just change it.
Do you like it?
No.
Really?
But whatever.
What about you, Chris?
You like it?
I know it's fine.
It's fine?
It's okay.
See Chris likes it because he wants to stick with it until we get a thousand votes.
Then he'll feel like a big mother, you know?
Exactly.
That's how I get paid is by the votes, so.
Hillary Rodham Clinton advised her James Carville, bald-headed geek, is refusing to apologize
for comparing New Mexico governor Bill Richardson to Judas.
By the way, Bill Richardson is going to be Barack Obama's running mate.
Don't you think that's good for the Hispanic vote?
Okay.
Never stole a freight train.
Sure.
Not to shave off that beard and mustache, though.
Carville made the comparison to the New York Times after Richardson once a member of President Clinton's cabinet
endorsed Hillary's rival Barack Obama last week for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Carville called on an active betrayal and pointed out it came during a holy week.
Mr. Richardson, and Dorsen, came right around the anniversary of the day when Judas sold out Jesus
for 30 pieces of silver.
Fuck 30, man!
So I think the timing's appropriate if Ironic he said.
Richardson told Fox News Sunday he wouldn't respond by getting in the gutter like that.
That's typical of many of the people around Senator Clinton, Richardson said they think they have a sense of entitlement to the presidency.
Carville told CNN yesterday that Richardson's commitment in a grigious act and he intended to make a sharp response to it.
I wanted to use a very strong metaphor to make my point, Carville, said,
I doubt if Governor Richardson and I will be particularly close in the future.
Well, I'm sure Governor Richardson doesn't give a crap how do you like that, especially with your smarmy right wing wife.
Clinton spokesman Howard Wilson told reporters yesterday he didn't agree with Carville's comment.
If he had said I would have, if he said, if I had said it, I would apologize Wilson said,
I didn't say it and if I had I would, but that's up to him.
If I had I wouldn't didn't and didn't and all that.
Richardson served as ambassador of the UN Energy Secretary during the Clinton administration.
And he's supporting Obama. He's going to be the VP, you'll see.
Write it down in your wrist.
Like a small tattoo.
Oh and you weren't here yesterday, so you did this amazing piece of news.
Remember I told you about my friend David from my high school that came up with his girlfriend?
We went to Ruth Chris couple years ago?
Correct, yes.
Like a little miniature plaza reunion?
And we got along just fine. It was great. We had a good time.
And I kept in touch with him, you know, over the time with a few emails here and there not that much, but once in a while.
He sent me an email, was coming back from Woodbarn on Sunday.
And here I told you this little episode with the tattoo with the Paco.
Yes.
And I gave an email from Dave telling me about a letter to the editor that he sent me a copy of.
He sent me the link when I got home. I clicked open the link and it's a letter to the editor, the candidate with Daily Messenger newspaper.
And it's written by Lauren B. Helfer, who is the daughter of one of my cousins.
I never heard her write a new existence. And it was about tattoos.
And she was taking issue with an article in the newspaper from days before ripping tattoos.
And she said she had nine of them.
I don't know. They were all doing memorialize her grandpa and mom.
You know, is she hot?
I don't know. I have no idea how old she is or who she is. How do I know if she's hot?
That's all George cares about. Is she hot?
Could you find out?
I don't even know if she's hot.
Could you find out?
No.
Please.
I am the need.
Hello, team.
This morning, Americans, it's Paul Harvey, Standby for News.
Kevin is the trucker.
And as he stops for a red light, Heather, a blonde, catches up, jumps out of her car, runs up to his truck and knocks on the door.
Kevin lowers his window and the woman says, hello, my name is Heather.
And you are losing some of your load.
I'll say it again. Hello, my name is Heather. And you are losing some of your load.
Kevin ignores her and proceeds down the street.
When the truck stops for another red light, Heather catches up again, jumps out of her car, runs up and knocks on the door again.
Kevin lowers his window.
As if they have never spoken, the woman says, hello, my name is Heather. And you are losing some of your load.
Shaking his head, Kevin ignores her again and continues down the street.
Well, at the third red light, the same thing happens.
When the light turns green, Kevin revs up his truck and races to the next light.
When he stops this time, he quickly gets out of his truck and runs back to Heather's car.
He knocks on her window and she lowers it. Then he says, hello, my name is Kevin.
It's winter in Canada and I'm driving the salt truck Paul Harvey.
Good day. Good day.
I do like that. That's cute. It is winter. We're going to get the 2 to 5 centimeters, 5 to 10 centimeters is snow today and the night.
Okay.
But you think it's a little bit late for that? It's the 25th of March already? Don't you think it's a little bit freaking late?
Nothing. It doesn't leave it in April. You know.
That's not happens. That's not much, baby. Wait too much.
That's what I was screaming at the Hilton Hotel Saturday night.
Hey, my name is Neil. I'm losing some of my load.
I mean, I smelled so bad.
I just... there are the other words that describe it. That's what I smell like.
I mean, when you smell that bad that you can't stand it yourself, then you know you smell really, really bad like that.
Oh, I don't want to keep rehashing it.
Seven, six, nine, and a brick pole speaking of hash.
Boy, that's another thing about their great cuisine.
Oh, God. Maybe that's why they act like that.
Because they eat too much garbage, right? That makes sense.
Cap of the Hill Blue, lies, dam lies, and Hillary Rotten Columbia.
She's making up all kinds of wild stories now. Great.
Democratic presidential pretender Hillary Rotten Clinton is drowning in her own sea of lies.
Undone by exaggerated claims of being under fire in Bosnia, waterlogged by her hype, murdered by her own mendacity.
Says Cad, this isn't Dr. Thompson. This is just...
Cap of the Hill Blue.
And editorial, I guess.
After months of lying out right about being under fire in Bosnia during a visit while serving his first lady, Clinton now tries to dismiss the gap as a misstatement.
But her lies about landing in Bosnia, Snackers like Pachats, Edder and her entourage, are just part of a pattern of misstatements, misinformation, and outright falsehoods, better known as lies.
Indeed, her quest to replace George W. Bush easily won the most dishonest president in American history, appears to be based on nothing more than a strategy replacing one liar with another.
Reports, Michael Dobbs in the Washington Post, Hillary Clinton's been beginning supporters on the campaign trail with her raising tales of a trip she made to Bosnia in March 96,
in her retelling she was sent to places that her husband President Bill Clinton couldn't go because they were too dangerous.
When her account was challenged by one of her traveling companions, the comedian Sinbad, she up the anti, and injected even more drama into the story, in a speech earlier this week she talked about landing under sniper fire and running save for safety with her heads down.
But a check of printed video reports of that day in Bosnia tell a different story.
Michael Dobbs continues, as the reporter who visited Bosnia soon after the December 95 date in peace agreement, I can attest that the physical risks were minimal during this period, especially in a heavily fortified U.S. airbase such as Tuzla.
Contrary to the claims of Hillary Clinton in former armor secretary, Tobel West, Bosnia was not too dangerous at place for Bill Clinton to visit her early 96.
In fact, the first Clinton to visit the Tuzla airbase was not Hillary, but Bill on January 13, 96.
At Hillary Clinton's plane come under sniper fire in March 96, we would certainly have heard about it long before now.
Normalist reporters including the Washington Post's John Pomerate, Pomerate, Covered her trip.
A review of nearly a hundred news accounts her visit shows that not a single newspaper or TBC should be reported any security threat to the First Lady.
As a former AP wire service act I can safely say it would have been my lead and anything like that happened, Pomerate said.
According to Pomerate, the Tuzla airbase was one of the safest places in Bosnia in March 96 and firmly under the control of the first armored division.
Far from running to an airport building with her heads down, Clinton and her party were greeted on the tarmac by smiling US and Bosnia officials, an eight-year-old Muslim girl read a poem in English and associated press photograph of the greeting ceremony shows, a smiling swallowing eventing down to receive a kiss.
There is peace now the girl told Clinton to come for its report in the post the next day because Mr. Clinton signed it all this peace I love it. He always liked a good peace.
The first lady scheduled released on Wednesday by the National Archives confirmed she arrived in Tuzla 8.45 in the morning and was greeted by various dignitaries including a mean little girl whose name has been mysterious that we dected from the document.
Footage from CBS shows Clinton walking calmly out of the back of the C-17 military transport planet brought her from Ramstein Air Base in Germany.
Among the US officials on hand to greet Clinton the report was made to General William Nash, Commander of US troops in Bosnia.
Nash told me he was unaware of any security threat this will read during her eight hours stay in Tuzla.
He said however the Clinton had a busy schedule and may have gotten the impression that she was being hurried.
Sinbad, who provided entertainment on the trip along with singer Cheryl Crow, said the scariest part was deciding where to eat.
As he told Mary Ann acres of the Washington Post.com, I think the only red phone moment was to eat here with the next place.
He questioned the premise behind the Clinton version of Vince what kind of president would say hey man I can't go because I might get shot so I'm going to send my wife.
Oh and take a guitar player in a comedian with you.
Don Jackson, therefore, served the most filming event in Bosnia told Dobs Mrs. Clinton arrived to a flight line full of well-wishers, both military and civilian and accompanied by her staff as well as comedian Sinbad and singer Cheryl Crow were there to entertain the troops.
To set the record straight there was no enemy fire, no imminent danger. If there had been any danger, well-wishers would not have been allowed on the tarmac much less allowing me to stand above everyone else on the back of a truck and Sinbad and Cheryl Crow wouldn't have been running for their lives instead of taking the time to be interviewed by yours truly on the tarmac.
Mrs. Clinton's claim is a lie plain and simple. A lie.
Clinton now dismisses the whole thing as a simple misstatement. In response to questions from the Philadelphia Daily News, she said, now let me tell you I don't want to read it.
We already know it.
Slip of the tongue.
But there's a slight problem with her claim that the whole thing was a slip of the tongue.
Dobs also reports last week wasn't the first time Clinton talked about sniper fire in Bosnia.
She's provided various different versions of the incident along with her campaign trail in her autobiography, Living History.
In New York Times, a kind of a campaign rally in Waco, Texas, February 29, she said that the welcoming ceremony had to be moved inside of her birth building because of sniper fire.
She made a similar statement in Dubuque-Iroha back in December and it goes on. She's a freaking liar.
Desperate grasping for straws. She's got to show the world what a gutsy leader she is. She's got the big balls, baby. She's got the big pair.
Solary. Desperate.
You know what I mean? Yeah. Oh, and by the way, yeah, and shrill and annoying and got no chance.
But other than that, all of these things, no chance in her pants.
780 on the pull of Chris. Which is the silliest thing? What is the silliest thing about the Brits?
The whole royal family thinks 364, the rest of the world except for those countries where they still have queens. Although they have a queen in Netherlands, but they don't, you know, it's just a ceremonial thing.
Yeah. As opposed to an England where they still go down in Cursey and like all. Or for their heads.
The whole royal family thinks 364 of the Baton Virgs. They actually followed us into war for oil 149. That was Tony Blair.
Their teeth 76, they drink warm beer 68. Their obsession with football soccer. Nice. That's going to entertain us. Felling a football.
38. They seem to actually care what the friends think 34. The way they talk 33, they invented language. They can't speak it.
And the silly way they use the word bloody, the bloody Brits 18. 18 bloody Brits on the one.
That's a leader. Grab my junior, honey.
Alright.
Once there was this kid. His stick is hand under his arm and makes his cousin sound and they each dig. His tongue out is bland.
He heard his eyelids inside out. He drank the glass of milk from the straws of the nose.
Once there was this kid. Nice wash of tender food with a hammer on the ground and when he got some fire works.
There'd be a crossbow in a bomb of crumbloon. It was living he would leave it. His master didn't have beer.
131 at 560 WQMST. He was very famous in Papua New York. He got the D.A. for jerks.
He was a little bit of a reprieved. I changed the pole. I don't really care whether you know I know you're not excited about it.
But I bet you're Chris is on. I'll see this guarantees. We already had a thousand licks. We're in the bag now. It is in the bag now because now we got two different poles.
Here's the final result on that first one that I didn't like at all. I apologize for putting it on. There are a lot of votes. What's the silliest thing about the brits?
The whole royal family thing 368. They found this in War 4152. They're teeth 76. They drink war in beer 68. Their obsession with soccer 38. The way they talk 34. They actually seem to care what the frogs think 34.
And the silly way they use the word bloody. The bloody brits 18. I was 788. Here's the new pole which we did the years ago. I'm going back into the vaults and breaking off these oldies from years ago.
Like that one we did a few days ago that we had done 10 years before. Remember that almost to the day. When Neil or George talks about religion, blank. It's interesting. Six. I love it. Six. I turned it off one. It pisses me off none out of the first 13.
I turned it off. That's because they can't handle the truth. I'll come. We don't have a choice on there for the ambivalent people. You know what this says? Hmm. I don't care. Something like that. Is it because you don't care?
I'll send you every last time again. Yeah, we lost the line again. That was just telling me that story. Why? He was just telling me that story about how you guys kept losing each other yesterday.
We didn't keep doing it, but it happened once and then I'm trying to call him on the bad line to get on the air and he's not answering the bad line.
The hearing's caused me on my regular home phone line after running the other room. Oh, we lost the line. I said, told Fatsule when you were to pick up the bad line. I'm trying to call him. Oh, Fatsule, pick up the line.
Yeah, I picked it up right as you hung up. So. And then just as you picked it up, the line came back on. We had every kind of technical malfunction at the Junk's Unit. Of course, there are those people out there speculating, well, it's because we had the Keynes game over the weekend.
We don't have to have any other game. It's just because we have a bunch of children in there playing like with an erector said, well, here you go. Here's the radio station. It's a play toy. Now that's what goes on at QA.
Clevritson is little boyfriends. All his little underling, hundred dog underlings. There's hundred dogfriends. And Joe Rose is back playing jury duty again.
I don't understand so many things, but you know something a long time ago, I gave up trying. Right. Wasn't that the, that was the smart move. It's the smart will. Fessio is always smarter.
I always thought it would have been Clemenza. And for the way you're Robert DuVal center. That's right. Yeah, that look. I'm in space that something's going on over here. And it was.
They want to meet him where I'll be safe on Tessio's grounds. Well, be assassinated. That was not again. No, wasn't. Yeah, they were all on again. I forget what network.
I mean, don't you think it's even now I'm getting a little bit sour on it. Don't you think it's a little bit too much? No, it can never be. Yeah, I'm sorry. And then you've got five of the three was on again.
What was the scene with Eli Wallach and the priest and his son, the donkey son, you know.
He or he was okay fine. Or the only way like that. You know, Eli Wallach, the worst actor in the history and talk about overrated.
I actually think he's a good actor. Right.
Boy, the only good acting scene was when he did the canole. And even he was doing the donkey thing.
Then he would instead of just cooking like that. The scene in the Atlantic City casino when the hit is going to come when when Joey Zazar gets pissed off.
You won't give I will take and he goes, oh, maybe I can we can reason together Michael and there goes Eli Wallach.
What was it done? Don shorts. Tomasino. No, that wasn't done Tomasino. Oh, he was done.
Don, a hamacino. I don't know. Oh, yeah. And he goes wobbling out with his cane. No, I thought we could reason together.
It was brutal. It was a very horrible. And that was right at the beginning of the movie. Yeah, sure.
It was a very beginning in the movie. The city where they have the hit. Yeah, it was very close to the beginning.
Get out of here. It was like middle right in the middle of the movie while I only thought once.
It seemed like the very beginning. But you better see it again. No, no, no, don't make me.
A corporate watchdog group has started a nationwide voting campaign to name and shame companies that run a follow up economic and environmental laws.
Opening the polls on its website this week, the Boston-based corporate accountability international CAI organization urged consumers to select the most abusive corporations of 2008.
We believe all nominees deserve this infamous dishonor said CAI executive director Kelly Lewitt-Lewie, some frog name, but we look forward to seeing which corporations vote as the worst of the worst.
The group's nominees for its annual corporate hall of shame elections included big names like Archord Daniels Midland, Toyota, Countrywide, Mattel, Nestle, Blackwater, Walmart, and Wendy's.
Lewie, the A, describes the hall of shame voters in effective way to hold corporations accountable for major abuses of the public interest and call politicians to task.
The eight corporations named by CAI are accused of influencing elected officials undermining democratic decision making and endangering the environment and public health.
Global warming, war-profitering, and predatory lending figure prominently in the polls.
The group expects record turnoff of selection season before polls close on July 4th, it said more than 20,000 took part in its polls last year, which named Exxon Mobile, Halibut, and Walmart as the worst abusers in the corporate world.
Tubman Dread.
Last year, a report released by the Environmental Group Greenpeace International said massive before our station in Indonesia is responsible for 1.8 billion tons of carbon emissions every year, which is about 4% of the world's total greenhouse gas emissions.
Although I guarantee you what I did on Saturday, there was some heavy gas emission there and that helped me lobby like God.
A day that will live in infamy. I'm taking those pants to the cleaner, but I did put them in the washing machine and put them in the dryer on slow cook.
But they don't seem right. I got a couple of facts yesterday. When you take those to the right clear, they'll wander them. They'll come back to life.
They seem like lifeless. They don't feel right.
They will or they won't.
Either way, I think you'll live.
My pants will live on somehow.
That'll teach me to get expensive pants. If you weren't like the quarter wise, I'm more in now.
If you were in Ozya just throw them in the washer and put them in the dryer, they'll like brand new. There's no problem.
I mean, I have to like dry cleaning. This is the problem with people who want everybody to dress real spiffy.
If they make that, it's a dry cleaning. It's a scam.
Do your quarter wise make that sound when you walk?
Yes they do.
Get a lot of friction going on.
Sounds like your farting is a matter of fact. Get a lot of heat. Get a lot of friction.
Which is good. Keep some of this homie as bystanders away.
They start a fire. They smoke and on the water, right?
46 votes on the new pool. I feel so much better about this one.
The other one was embarrassing. It was almost like Tutsi Futsi.
And by the way, Futsi's website is a history now.
You have to go to the IOD website and link to his.
His is a Futsi street that can't belong to somebody else now.
So evidently, I don't know what the deal was with that.
But boy, you talk about bogus, my God.
What kind of swirly are they putting on the air over there?
Of course, you can ask the same way.
How those new sports stations do, by the way, I'm not here.
Nothing about them or about the guys across the street or about us either for that matter.
When you have our George talk about religion, I love it 21.
It's interesting 18. I turn it off six. It pisses me off two out of the first 47 votes.
I turn it off. Ah! The Lord's gonna get you. We're gonna burn it off.
Biggest name to the best talent. Here is no Rajas.
Sporting the 560 KAM.
Big sports leader.
Lord even loves Neil Rajas.
Thanks for coming with me at the Robo prostate exam.
You'll leave.
You're not interested in now.
Yeah, it's a little scary, you know.
It'll kind of like being in a gay intensive sports radio station.
Yeah.
There's something I've been meaning to give you.
Oh! A salad goal came.
Yeah.
Gold is worth a fortune these days.
That's very generous. Thanks, Mal.
And it's not just any solid gold card.
It's got a rich, creamy chocolate inside.
Do you feel it here?
Yeah.
My favorite prostate examination robot.
Prepare to be the world without cash.
Hey, Dad! I think what you need is a diagnostic adjustment.
But the diagnostic adjustment complete a soon-in-a-seekestance.
Yeah, okay.
Mission accomplished.
I know.
What? No dinner?
No dinner?
No dinner?
Tell me I know you're behind this.
No dinner.
No man should be treated as a slave.
No dinner.
Ah, you're good, used to it.
It's home 46-14-a-lune at 560 WQM.
We were debating yesterday whether we ought to have mo-back,
like maybe to fill in those 830-10 slots while 0 is pretending to have jury duty again.
That sounds good.
And Zach thought it was a great idea.
And Chris thought it was great too, although he hasn't had that much interaction with the mole-meister.
No, well, he's missed out.
Yeah.
Make up for lost times, I think.
And get on his limit list.
Make it up for lost time.
Just the fact that you work on his show would immediately put you on his limit list.
Right.
Because I'm sure it already has for everybody else in the building.
Right.
Am I right?
You're right.
Chris would answer it, but he's not there.
No, it's happening to all of us today.
I think you started it yesterday, and it's just catching up with the rest of us.
No Saturday, starting on Saturday.
Oh, what a really?
Early in the early start then.
So everybody's joicing and rejoicing, mom.
Yeah, we're joicing.
We're joicing.
We're joicing.
We're joicing and we're joicing.
Oh, yeah.
Former Vice President Walter Mondale today accused the current Vice President Dick Cheney
of a wholesale assault on the Constitution of Balance of Powers and the System that evolves since WW2
to coordinate intelligence and defense policy.
If Chris Matthews can say Cheney and nobody had chosen Mond for, I'm going to start saying Cheney.
They wrecked that system, Mondale said this morning at the University of Minnesota scholarly conference on the Vice Presidency.
This isn't some academic difference of opinion over the proper balance between branches of the Federal Government Mondale said during your Q&A session after his prepared remarks.
I think this was a brutal, deliberate policy to ignore a wide range of written laws and constitutional principles and the legitimate powers of Congress.
It's different than anything we've seen in America and in history, I think it ought to be seen not as two responsible positions, but ought to be seen as a dramatic challenge to America's system of government.
In the case that led to the conviction of Cheney to Cheney's top aide, Louis Scooter Libby Mondale said Cheney functioned as ideological enforcer, solancing dissent, publishing critics to sustain a flawed word policy based on cooked facts.
It's all there, he said.
Read the case.
Mondale challenged an occasional theme that arises in interpreting the Cheney Vice Presidency, holding that because Cheney had no presidential ambitions of his own, he was more useful and faithful to the president.
On the contrary, Mondale argued this freedom from higher political ambition freed Cheney to disrespect the Congress, American people in the law.
Mondale said the other morning Mr. Cheney was on good morning America, reporter asked him, while polls now show the two-thirds of American people are opposed to this war, should that mean something and Cheney said, so?
I know maybe he didn't say it correctly or say the way he meant it, and I don't say that public opinions are governing everything, but public opinion deserves respect, and the president of vice-president ought to be worried about him on deal said.
I think our vice-president ought to wake up every morning like I did, wondering what he can do to enhance public support and respect, and I believe in election free, unaccountable vice-president, clothe with some of the aura and power of the president, may as this vice-president has acted as though he were beyond accountability to anybody, but the president, beyond the reach of the Congress, the court, the press, the constitution and the American people.
It scares me, and I think we ought to be thinking about this fall as we pick a vice-president, Mondale be saying.
In a blistering close to a 30-minute presentation at the Hanover Institute for Public Policy, Mondale said that in looking back on his tenure as Jimmy Carter's vice-president, he took pride in three claims.
We told the truth, we obeyed the law and we kept the peace.
The Bush-Cheney administration, Mondale, said, can't say any of that with a straight face to get up about those first four years, and it's caused us terribly. Let's not make that mistake again.
Amen to that. I mean, you're going to have John Insane McCain and Hugh Lieberman no doubt. Won't that be something? Join as a hymn.
Maybe he could be the Secretary of Judaism, Hugh Lieberman, think?
I think I would make a fine visit out of Israel.
Every time I see him, I get you, he's like, oh, I feel unclean. Like Saturday, you got Belkissen.
Like Saturday, if you're like, oh, what was the hills? Have you ever seen that show on MTV? I saw it last night. I was forced into watching.
Is it, is that the one where the people are thieves?
No, that's the riches. Oh, okay, sorry. No.
Oh, your Christmas back from his Joyce. Yes.
Maybe you went with your left hand or your right hand?
Uh, my right hand. Paper or no paper? Paper. Oh, okay.
That's a good step in the right direction. Then I wash my hands.
Well, I was sure hope so. Well, not everybody does right now.
How do you know that?
Because there will be people that will go in and walk straight off the door.
But they're not even in the air. They're not even in the air.
I know they did. Maybe they only took a leak in there. You know, one of these guys that washes your hands every time you take a leak.
If I go into the bathroom, I'm washing my hands before I walk out.
Why is that? Why you say, you say one of these guys, most people are one of those people.
Male, female, you name it.
And why is that? Because other people do their business. They make messes and then they touch everything.
What are you touching when you go in the fuel?
When you flush the toilet. Listen to me.
No, you don't flush the toilet.
When you're in the oil, that's old fashioned.
You don't flush the air, don't you?
When you're in the oil, you flush the air. You're in the oil?
How disgusting is Neal? Let us count the ways.
He doesn't flush. He doesn't wash.
Oh, you don't wash. Oh, you don't wash.
Get out of here. Only old fashioned air.
The mess is here. That he washes the bio.
The mess is here.
Not here. Not here.
I didn't do your fly.
I didn't have no electric ID.
I didn't spy on the other side.
I don't have no electric laser beam here.
Yeah.
So you're not worried about the germs you're going to get off the handle from nothing.
Is that worrying?
It's just a clean.
You want to touch other men's urine?
Oh, because of the stone.
Yes, I wish it's just being clean.
You want to touch other men's urine?
I'm panning, you know.
You don't.
You don't.
Oh, my God.
That's why you like touching other men's urine and we don't.
Must be a gay thing.
We killed him.
No, I don't think so.
He's just trying to come to terms with the urine.
That's all I've ever seen.
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
You got the wrong talk show, guy.
Okay.
Go over and see your buddy, Mr. Rigo and me.
You're in my buddy.
Yeah, you're in my buddy.
Mr. Rigo.
Yeah.
Now, were you there when he was working with us in the afternoons?
Oh, a variety.
Yeah.
Yeah, as a matter of fact, I was trained on his show.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Your first producer, Nick Lawrence.
Mm-hmm.
I know.
We took a lot of good, a good, a good overall, definitely, but you need to show me up there.
For the home.
Uh huh.
Wow.
Almost lost it when he said that.
I was out when he was still snacking his lips with a peppercorn shosh and the apart-mason cheese.
I can roll.
Yeah.
All the stream meals had Burton jacked.
Well, I don't know what he's doing now.
Him and his 85-odd to kiss.
I don't know.
I do what there.
I don't care.
But what a scam.
What a phony human being.
Yes, it's one thing to put on an act for the show, but most people stop when they get
put on an act like for life, for every...
Act for the show, yeah.
Right.
It's like for the night.
That's true.
And what about those drift end bottles?
Yeah, what about that?
Of the 28,000 commercial airline flights that take to the skies on an average day in
the US, fewer than 1% are protected by onboard arm-federal air marshals.
Anation-wide scene in investigation is found to headline air marshals missing from almost
all flights.
Oh my God.
That means that a terrorist or other criminal been on taking over an aircraft would be confronted
by a trained air marshall on his few ways.
280 daily flights according to more than a dozen federal air marshals and problems
interviewed by CNN.
The investigation found those low numbers, even as the TSA in recent months has conducted
tests in which it's been able to smuggle guns and bomb-making materials past air-port
security screeners.
The air marshall program began in 1970 after a ranch of airline hijackings and was expanded
significantly after the terrorist attacks of 9-11, specifically specially trained to
safeguard passengers and crew aboard crowded aircraft.
Air marshals were seen as a critical component in the overall effort to secure America's
commercial aviation system.
One pilot who crisscrosses the company and flies internationally told CNN he hasn't seen
an air marshall on board one of his flights in six months.
A federal law enforcement officer who's not affiliated with the Air marshall service
new travels in and out of Washington every week said he has gone for months without seeing
a marshall on board.
Neither individual want to be identified because neither is authorized by his employer to
speak out and they go fatigued their lives.
Yet another pilot who wanted to protect his identity because he carries a weapon in
the cockpit, said he regularly flies him out in New York's airports and almost never
encounters an air marshall, I would have to guess it's fewer than 1% of all my flights
the pilots said I'm guessing by the coverage when I go out of the city's fewer than 1%.
Air marshals who spoke with CNN anonymously ordered to protect their jobs are especially
troubled by the lack of coverage on flights in and out of Washington, New York, the two cities
targeted by the 9-11-Hire-I-Jackers.
Marshall's pilots' other law enforcement officials told CNN these flights are protected
by far fewer air marshals than in the past.
The TSA refuses to release either of the total number of marshals regularly assigned
to flights or percentage of daily flights that are covered by call numbers given to CNN
a myth.
As in like, here she comes myth America.
Greg Alter Assistant Special Agent charged with a federal water marshall program denied CNN
and on camera interview with Dana Brown, director of the Federal Air Martial Service.
Since the Federal Air Martial Service posed 9-11 expansion the volume of RISTA-based
deployments has consistently remained at near or exceeded target levels, Alter wrote
an email to CNN.
He added today many thousands of dedicated and highly trained Federal Air Martial Service
workers and they worked diligently around the globe to make air travel safer than
it's ever been.
But Alter didn't specify what those target levels are and those inside the marshall
service say they are nowhere near thousands of air marshals working in skies.
Air marshals told CNN that while the TSA tells the public can't devolve its numbers because
they're classified the agency tells its only agents at least 5% of all flights are covered.
But marshals across the country, all of whom spoke with CNN on condition of anonymity
because they didn't want to get fired, said the 5% figure quoted to them by their TSA
bosses is not possible.
One marshall said that while security is certainly one reason the numbers that kept
security believes the agency doesn't allow taxpayers to know the truth.
I would be very embarrassed by the numbers if they were to get out when Air marshals
say.
How do you like that?
Like that rich census song, one in a million.
You know that song rich census?
I know it was in the copies.
Right.
Ricky Tiki Sanchez, another crazy person on CNN is if they need it anymore.
82 votes on the poll when Neil or George talk about religion I love it 38.
It's interesting 30.
I turn it off 10.
It pisses me off for.
And it's worth the biggest name.
The best out of two of his real projects.
4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
There are.
It beat it 12 to 1 hour on WQA.
Well I've never thought I'd find it.
The gun no ride that I've been to the round days today.
Now it's a classic set of wheels fixed up the way a rubber would die.
I'm not a kid.
Now it's a key to shining and the dream is cold and the stars of the Vasi.
I got the candle liquid cherry.
Yo.
Oh baby.
I'm gonna go down the cherry cherry and be baby prince.
Oh baby.
Shine a little little little smelly machine.
It pisses me off.
Now it's the one bounce down the road and the bit that is super bad way.
Now it's the hardest stuff to beat deals a day of get around the beach in the breeze.
By 1979, my own phone cannot handle it.
She's so looking bad now, he's my baby candle left.
Oh baby.
Over a micro-dotted cherry and be baby prince.
Oh baby.
Shine a little little smelly machine.
Yo.
I got my windows down.
No, no, hot summer day.
Cause the AZ don't want no way.
The sweaty pressure in the seats starts to smell and gets it dusty looking over time.
I'm a back to you mind.
The shining grandad's got like that.
Thanks my coffee, Johnny DeGroza.
Have a Washington Midwinter on the road.
Don't worry, baby.
