You can have your roof work done.
Whether it's a new roof, a re-roof, roof repair,
preventative maintenance, dollar replacement hurricane,
inspection, and doesn't matter.
Call my friends at Morton Roofing 1-800-548-Roof,
1-800-548-R-O-O-F, all the warranties and guarantees,
license and insured, competitive prices on time
and feeling fine and ready to take care of all your
veer problems.
What are you waiting for?
1-800-548-Roof or go to their website,
www.mortonroofing.com.
Morton Roofing is committed to your satisfaction, South Florida.
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
www.mortonroofing.com
You don't have to worry about that if you bite your fingernails, you never have nails long and you have to have dirt underneath.
Right. When a doubt chew them out. Using mouthwash 12, using the odor at 9, washing my hair 5 and brushing or combing my hair 5.
Out of 1078. Today is very embarrassing and we apologize for a poll. Johnny Depp, what's your favorite Johnny Depp movie?
How about I never saw any? We ought to add that on there too.
It's possible. You're adding it now? Never saw any? I hate Johnny Depp is winning handily 112.
Like I said, no matter whose name we put on there, I hate anybody. It could be Joe Smith from down the street.
We don't know him but we hate him anyway.
AAAAAAAA!
Welcome to South Florida. We hate you.
Pirates of the Caribbean, one.
Now that's probably like Godfather. Because obviously it wasn't called Pirates of the Caribbean one. It was just called Pirates of the Caribbean.
Right. But the first one 87.
Johnny Brandsco 72, that's what I voted.
Mo! 64.
Boy, there is some station on 640. Wouldn't that be a good logo for a station?
Mo! 64.
Alright.
Edward 48. Edward Ciczerhands 48. Fira Loading in Vegas 36. That really sucks by the way.
That is so bad. Have you seen that? Yeah, that was bad.
Oh, it's horrible. What's eating guber at grade 29? Platoon 22, Don Juan de Marco 17.
Once upon a time in Mexico 14. The ninth gate 14. Benian June 14? I don't even know what that is.
Charlie and the chocolate factory has got the 12. Finding Neverland 11, Pirates of the Caribbean 2 has got 10.
From hell 10, chocolate 10, sleepy hollow 10, a nightmare on Elm Street 10.
That's where he blew out the ceiling with blood.
Crybaby 8, Secret Window 7. Secret Window has got so much promise and then like I told you the worst ending.
Oh, I don't want to spoil it for you but I come to find out. Well, I don't want to say it.
Do you ever wind up seeing it? What? Secret Window. No. No. No. Good. Don't. I heard it sucked.
No, it was great until the ass end of it and the ending all this for the whole thing.
Pirates of the Caribbean 3 has got 7. Sweeney Todd 6. I never heard of it.
It's the new one. Sorry. Oh, excuse me. Prepper Resort 3. Corpse bride 2.
The man who cried to Nica time 1. I never saw any. Before night falls. The astronauts wife, the brave and Freddy's dead.
The final member of all God, the big O, nothing yet. Out of 701. Well, you know, you got to shot at something and they're not a thousand of.
You're into that. That poll will not get a thousand votes. You better take that to the bank, Chris.
Or up to 710. So we're making a thousand. QAAM, hello.
I'm Danielle. Yes. Hi, I'm the only one who gave you the Johnny Depp poll. It's the other lady Johnny Depp fan Holly.
Oh. How are you? I'm okay. We'll put the poll on there. It's not. Yeah, it's okay.
Well, I just can't believe that people don't like Johnny Depp. That's kind of weird. He's pretty versatile. I mean, he's pretty.
He's not as good as George, it's pretty bad. Like, thank God. Thank God. Bruce Willis. Yeah.
Oh, God. Yes. They do the same character every time. I mean, you're getting something different every time with him. So. Yeah.
I do find that kind of hard to believe. I think people are just doing it to be like you said. Typical floor, top floor. That is correct. They're just negative.
They put anybody's name. If I put your name on it, oh, we don't like her. Yeah. Well, I'm very likeable and I love you to pieces and thank you for my call. I'm just gonna make my day.
Okay. Have a great weekend. Bye. Bye. I'll give Johnny a kiss for the next time I see him. He doesn't remember me. I'm sure he doesn't remember that morning he was on with me on Zeta, which is leather jacket.
And we put our arms around each other and had a picture taken. I wish I still had that picture for arms around each other and that was where it ended.
Because I had to go take a big dump in the corporate tea room. That's that's the toilet by the way where there was a snake once upon a time. I've retarded that. No, I don't think you told me the toilet.
I'm sure nature's business and all of a sudden there's a little cold airy cranky might want to hear this little. No, I wasn't tapping my toe. In fact, I you talk about me being real quick in the tea room. I imagine.
Just a little snake in the toilet, little redhead. It doesn't have to be big. No, that's a lorry said. Anyway, a Doug Thompson writes changes in the year. He said the Iowa caucus victories by Barack Obama and Mike Huckabee Thursday night.
We're also studying to feature the status quo in American politics. Angry voters said a strong message that they're mad as hell and they're not going to take it anymore. How do you like that? Angry voters send a message. And I can't get the damn thing up on here. There it is.
What does that mean? An anti-corporate greed. Well, anyway, Doug Thompson goes on to say Clinton in many ways is both the face of the status quo and a poster girl for corporate greed. Her campaign is funded in large part by big business.
On a Republican side, one time GOP front runner Mitt Romney also represented the face of corporate America and he dumped millions of dollars of his own money into a do-or-die effort in Iowa. Republican straw voters said no dice. And went with Huckabee who emerged from the second tier of candidates to crush Romney.
In their victory speeches, Obama and Huckabee sounded similar themes, unity, not division, coalitions, not partisanship, and America not political parties.
Obama noted that his victory billed on a coalition of Democrats and young independents showed that there are no more red or blue states but instead the United States of America, A. He added, you know, they said this day wouldn't come. They said our sites were set too high. They said this country was too divided, too dissolution, whoever come together. But on this January night at this defining moment in history, you have done what the Senate said we couldn't do.
Huckabee noted that his victory showed his opponents that attack politics don't work in Iowa. He predicted it wouldn't work elsewhere.
Tonight we've seen what's the new-dan American politics and tonight it starts here in Iowa, he said, but it doesn't end here. It goes all the way through the other states and ends at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
The victories by Obama and Huckabee left the campaigns of Clinton and Romney once hailed as well world machines in disarray. Bad machines, mind.
A subdue Clinton met her supporters and promised she was in the race for the long haul, but muted applause in a dour bill clinton standing silent behind her, sent a more downbeat message.
Romney invoking Olympic metaphor said he had won the silver, but he would go for the gold in New Hampshire.
By contrast, Obama's victory speech came amid loud cheers with all the trappings of an old-time revival, eclipsing even the evangelical-style former Southern Baptist preacher Huckabee.
Voters in Iowa reminded America Thursday night that pundits, politicians and talking heads don't select presidential candidates.
That privilege still belongs to those who vote and the record numbers who took part in the process and the frozen tundra of Iowa told us that this presidential election year will not be business as usual.
Well, thank God for that.
That's right. I told you, Barack Obama's man, how long did I take of that? About a hundred years ago?
Yeah, about thirty.
At thirty two at five sixty WQA, I want to congratulate CNN for their grotesque coverage of the Iowa caucus last night.
I was switching back and forth between MSNBC, where they had Keith Oberman with Chris Matthews.
I would see it.
And that and CNN.
And Wolf Blitzkrieg was there, you know, walking up and down and carrying on.
And they had everybody who was ever born was on there, down in Brazil and the fat fart bill bent it with his gambling problem and his big fat face.
Just his face almost weighs 600 pounds.
And Jack Capri was there being his usual curmudgeon self.
I like him though. He's, you know, he at least doesn't just suck up all the time.
He's all right.
And Candy Callie was on there, of course.
And Jonathan King and Anderson's poop were all at all.
And four thousand people are best, the best political team.
You guys suck.
And they had that Tom guy who they invented.
I think it was right around the time of 9-11.
And they invented this guy who shows maps.
He shows maps and rooms and buildings.
And let's go and tie one of the actual caucuses now.
We've got a live microphone there.
And maybe we can hear what some of the people are saying.
Wolf says.
And so they open a mic and hear,
Oh, no.
Well, I like it.
Like we heard it.
It's Gulf Stream yesterday.
You know, just the mumble of the crowd in the background.
Nothing able to hear one single word that anybody would say, you know, was saying.
And they let it go on and on.
Like, oh, maybe somebody's going to say something what they never did.
Nice going, Wolf.
And you're crude there with CNN.
You suck.
You make me nauseous.
Make me wonder vomit.
Make me want to do a joys in my pants.
Here's an email that just came in.
And why are they sending this to me?
It came over the facts.
Send it to Joe Bell or Joseph.
Oh, yeah.
Send it to a Joe guy.
We don't have anything to do with programming on this show.
We're trying just to stay on the ear until the end of the year or sooner.
Or whatever.
Whatever materializes.
It says, I was stunned and shocked to hear that the station gave Jackson his own show,
which interrupts the entire flow of the real talent.
Now, my radio is off or tuned to something else from 2 to 4.
This is going to kill mad dogs numbers, but it's not about their ratings.
Is it?
I hope that I can remember to switch back at 4 o'clock.
It says.
And that says, I couldn't reach you via emails.
Is there another address?
Yeah, I got other email addresses, but you might get them.
This was sent to Neil Rogers at wqn.com.
How did we get this?
They faxed it.
I was in fact.
Oh, it was a fact.
Also, just use the fax.
If you got the faxer, what do you need my email for?
Like, fuck.
From Mike.
Well, you got an excellent point, Mike, and I wholeheartedly agree.
But again, we have nothing to do with the programming.
Talk to Joe Zagaki.
Talk to him.
He's the shadow program director we find out.
He's pulling all the strings behind clearance, which until it's there.
I never even really gave it any thought that he was involved in any, you know,
the searchers, the Pimp.
It was a Gaki all along.
Oh, my God.
I know what it was today.
It was a Pimp like Tataglia.
It was Zagaki all along.
That's right.
You didn't know it.
Well, there's only one thing we can do about that.
That claim didn't get him.
Back at IOD, remember that?
Yeah.
Back during the hurricane.
Yeah.
Well, maybe I would have to call in.
Look at Bronsi.
It was Zagaki all along.
He's the one who's advising.
I'm Yonkel.
Oh, speaking of Han Makal, what a great segue.
I just fell into a bucket of a kosher craft.
Pike's Bill Maryland.
That's with the Pee.
And a kosher deli off right.
What is that?
Rice your town road in Pike's Bill strip mall.
I went in his news found ran by Yisrael Shapiro.
Now, is this a real story?
Is this a joke?
Out of it.
It's from CBS.
Yes, Roy, Yisrael Shapiro.
Butchery, who jumped off from behind his desk and hid from our cameras when we tried to ask him about new criminal charges.
That he sexually abused two young boys during bar mitzvah lessons.
Shapiro never came up at a coworker did.
The man later yelled that I would in his news after we walked out the door that the allegations against Shapiro were fabricated.
And also said,
Kasa Hous.
City prosecutor say over the past several months police and prosecutors have conducted an extensive investigation that led to the charges.
The alleged abuse took place at Shapiro's home off Olympia Street in 1988 and 1994.
Some neighbors caught wind of the allegation of fear as back and posted flyers.
They caught wind of it.
One victim tells police he was forced to chant passages from the Torah as his testicles were fondled and his rectum probed with Shapiro's pointed finger.
A pointer finger.
Or his index finger.
The rabok claimed that he was required to examine the boy in this manner due to the fact that the youth had ingested a hand sandwich and it wasn't permitted.
Oh, yeah, you have to push the hand back out.
And if the finger doesn't work, he's got something even more effective than that.
The rabok claimed he could smell swine on his finger after he removed it from the youths.
Wreck him!
Oh, no!
The problem is we don't know if there's more victims.
We know a few of them but not how many of them have actually been said.
Vicki Poland, whoever she is.
Oh, I see.
Poland heads a support group for victims of rabbi abuse.
She's concerned that some leaders in the Orthodox community keep abusers quiet.
Victims of rabbi abuse.
That's the one we haven't heard that before.
Why not spread it around a little bit?
They're told they shouldn't report it to secular authorities because it could start another Holocaust.
Unfortunately, it starts another type of Holocaust where an accuser has access to hundreds of children each Sunday perfect their skills.
This behavior usually is found in the Catholic Church, she said.
No kidding.
What's that line again about?
He had a chant passage from the Torah as his testicles were fondled and his wrecked them probed with Shapiro's poigiefinger.
Have you ever tried that?
No, it's something to think about.
Or you know how it works out.
Swine.
Excuse me?
Well, maybe there was pork in his heart.
Right, I see.
Anyway, how we doing on a Johnny Depp pool?
Again, we apologize.
She was very enthusiastic about that.
They'll make her happy anyway.
And that's good.
I made her a day in her weekend.
750.
750, not bad.
What about 850?
What about that station with Jim DeFetus?
We might actually be pretty good on there.
Hey, Norma, get something going already.
Will you Norma?
You know, I sent him an email saying, well, you know, I don't want to be seemed like I'm in a big hurry.
I am in a hurry.
Get something going.
Pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa.
So far, this man hasn't had a, you know, he's putting me on the market.
He's entertaining offers.
I'm putting me along the market.
Remember that Ellie Bracher article?
And then thanks again for getting Ellie Bracher into my life.
Not.
He's one of those people.
Once he gets her tentacles into your life, you're never going to get around.
Thanks again.
The war message about Louis Wilson died.
Well, why do I care about Louis Wilson died?
Okay.
And the stuff about Larry King, by the way, that she sent me, they deleted that.
It didn't make the final cut in the whole.
They cut that stuff out.
They cut it all out, even any mention Larry King's name.
You cowards it to Harold, man.
You just, oh brother, talk about the smell of swine.
Unbelievable.
Because there are certain people that, you know, they suck up to, just like Barry Jackass
writing about the big numbers at the ticket.
So Joel Feinberg is on a way out, huh?
I better read that again.
It's not not the whole thing, just that, the thing about Joel.
There it is.
Facing mounting financial losses, Joel Feinberg is spoken with ownership of Waxi 790
about possibly leaving the station.
He owns the company that leases 790, he signals lost several million dollars since he launched
an all-sports station more than three years ago.
And of course, everything here to get back to that email that we just had or the facts, whatever the thing was.
The reason that the Jackson's urges on from 2 to 4, it's all about saving money.
This is Joe Bell's thing.
He can't put anybody good on the year.
So what is he going to do?
He's going to be the hero.
He's blowing handcuff the door.
He's going to blow me out the door.
He's cutting all the salaries.
And what he's going to do is turn it into a nickel and dime sports station.
With no competition, too, because the guys across the street are losing their ass.
And they're going to go off here, too.
And if they go off with that format, what's going to happen to the Marlins and the Panthers?
If there's no sports station on 790.
And what's going to happen to Daniel Abastor?
And the booster?
I don't know.
And Sid the kid, all that other heavy-duty talent, over there across the street.
Because the rumors that somebody started here, that caller.
And I think that was an inside job from over there.
That caller last week.
About how they've already been told they're probably not going to make pay-run.
I mean, that was just a rumor.
And we didn't know that.
We don't know, for sure.
That's why we dumped it.
But now, if Barry Jackass says that if it's about sports radio and soft-flood, if it's
about jock straps, if it's about Joe Feinberg and Joe Bell, or Joe Mama, Barry Jackass knows his craft.
So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so
so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so so, so, so the envelope to the trunk bags is wrapped in plastic wrap.
Ten forty-six, fourUTB 4.11 at five six- Thank you and don't forget we got JSON Jerks
between two and four and then the mad dog don't forget to tune back in from
Jim Mandage between four and seven. Take a look what we got tonight man we got
dolphins all asses with very beautiful from seven and nine. Beast nine to ten.
Just one hour the beast because from ten to midnight we got ESPN radio
primetime with Chris Mortensen and then ESPN radio. Oh my god. Wow.
And remember what Johnny Joe said he said he was gonna build a wall of football.
There's only one problem with that okay. What football we got on this
dish we got the Hurricanes which they're done well done and the dolphins
which they were done before the season even started. So there ain't no more
football for months and months and months. Well even the draft isn't until
a middle of April. Yeah but drafts talking to you for a while. So where's the rest of
the wall of football huh it's like the Berlin wall somebody tore it down.
Tear down that wall Mr. Bell. And he liked that. Where's the bell on the wall?
Yeah. Oh man WQA am hello. My cock-a-bee needed incredible turnout from
self-described evangelical voters Thursday to win Iowa. Hillary Clinton was
counting on capturing the women's vote to carry the day. Huckabee succeeded and
swallery did not. So goes the tale of two very different presidential campaigns
that appeared to be on separate arcs. Huckabee up Clinton down. Two new front
runners for the 2008 race for the White House have emerged for Republicans.
It's Huckabee the former Arkansas governor and Bible, Thumping and Lunatic for
Democrats at Senator Barack Obama. With 95% of Republican precincts we and and
this is just a little while ago they still haven't counted every vote. And the
Republican side with 95% of Republican precincts reporting Huckabee adds 34
percent 25% for a slick down Mitt Romney. Fred Thompson 13% McCain 13 and Ron
Paul had 10. With all Democratic precincts reporting Obama had to support a 38%
compared to 30 for John Edwards. And 29% for a swallery who came and
toured. Now the Iowa campaign is over no more stops and cedar rapids, no more
overnight said Des Moines Mirriott, fried twinkies are a thing of the past. It's not
a new Hampshire is the race enters a new phase with some new players for the
next five days. Then Democrats and Republicans will often follow separate
paths and pursue the presidency before reconnecting on February 5th super
Tuesday primaries. Super thues day. Most of the candidates already be on the
ground of the Grand State Friday attending rally shaking hands that's today
trying to capitalize on the momentum or salvage a disappointing showing in
Iowa. Chris Dodden Joe Biden of already bought off gracefully while New Mexico
governor Bill Richardson representative Ron Paul and representative Duncan
Hunter continued their quest after getting slaughtered in Iowa. Today two
Republicans will rejoin the race John McCain and Rudy Giuliani into the picture
after skipping Iowa. Private of Raleigh State favorite mid-Romney comes to
New Hampshire battered and bruised but still very much alive due to his deep
roots in the state even deeper pockets. The battle for New Hampshire appears to
be shaping up between Rowne and McCain who beat then Texas governor George
Bush there in 2000 but it also remains to be seen just how much more
momentum huckabee can generate from his astonishing victory in Iowa. How much
more? But it says Iowa is no new Hampshire. The largely conservative libertarian
New England state could prove to be rough sledding for the newfound champion
of social conservatives in Iowa and Prince Polzacock is gore show that three
out of every five Republicans were self-described born again or evangelical
Christians for a bison at William 60 percent. Huckabee beat Rowne by better than
two to one in his voting block among the rest of Iowa's Republican electorate.
Huckabee finished a distant fourth behind Romney McCain and Fred Thompson. Did
you know that? Nope. Behind the non-born again in New Hampshire social conservatives
aren't as influential. This potentially opens the door for Romney to regain the
upper hand or her McCain to repeat his 2000 victory especially with you
Lieberman standing close behind him to see if he's got the swine in his leg. The
Arizona Senator will find himself on a two front battle against Romney for the
hearts and souls of GOP voters and against Obama for the state's unpredictable
and sizable independent electorate. Swellery suddenly finds himself looking at
Obama's back and rethinking her strategy for winning the support of younger
women. Iowa and Prince Paul showed that New York Senator was the top choice of
women over 60 while Obama was strongly preferred by women between the ages of
18 to 59. The Living and Breathing crowd of every striping variety voted for
Obama overwhelmingly and the old farts. We know who's that spartan. We don't
know who that is like that you know. Another major challenge for Clinton will be
how to weaken the Illinois Senator without being accused of running a divisive
negative campaign. So far voters have rejected the style of campaigning. By the way
how many Jews you think there are in Iowa?
By 30 men. Meanwhile Democrats, John Edwards and Richardson as well as Republican
Thompson are still alive with many contests to go. But a beep but a boop but a
bow and will Julianne his big state strategy with starts with a January 29th
Florida primary proved to be successful. He had a lot of deli in Florida. I'll
tell you that. Didn't work for Wesley Clark maybe for Woody, Julianne. He had a lot
of deli. A lot of Bunsen's, a lot of Prostromy sandwiches, a color ribbon
salad in the honor of Ruben ASCUE. Is he still alive by the way Ruben ASCUE? I
don't know. And we don't care. I don't care right now that we got a gay governor
Charlie Christ Christ. 777 on the pool. You just might pull a surprise here today and
get a thousand. And I only we know I keep saying you Chris because you had nothing
to do with putting this on there or inventing this pool. Yeah well you know. But
a hundred eighteen more than any other category on here. What's your favorite
Johnny Depp movie? 118 I hate Johnny Depp. We hate you. Isn't that nice? Very
nice. It's kind of like the Joe Bell thing. It's the same kind of personality.
Hostile. Hostile. Hateful. Still don't have my happy New Year email from him
by the way. Nothing. Hold your breath. Or Joe Zagaki either.
Joe Zagaki sucks okay. Jerome Doolittle on the Smirking Chimp says the most
interesting thing among many interesting things in Iowa. I
think it's not. Was Huckabee speech. He had all the right notes and never a false
one. While none of the Republican candidates stand stands a chance of winning the
White House in November. Huckabee showed himself to be the only one who wouldn't
lose in a landslide of goldwater or Mondale proportions. This is because Huckabee
appealed to the growing number of voters who become nostalgic for that
outmoded New Testament crap. Big mistake Mike. The cold-eyed money lenders who on
the Republican Party want somebody who can be counted on to understand that
with them the gold rule. But Huckabee keeps showing signs of believing in that
other gold and rule that whole sermon on the mountain. As governor of Arkansas
he even tried to follow it now and then by raising taxes to improve schools and
other such heresies consequently the party bosses will not set the strangle as
strong as candidate in the crib. They'll attack Huckabee mercilessly for being
soft on crime, for ordinance of foreign interference, for preferring peace to
war, for lying about his theological credentials, for raising taxes, for
graph and corruption as governor, and that's the only charges for which there's
some basis however slender in fact. As we know from the slimy of John McCain
in the South Carolina primary eight years ago no relation to truth is at all
necessary when the GOP grownups could sit down with the short strokes. Huckabee
could find himself attacked as a queer, an equal opportunity employer, a
pahid, a lush, an immigrant lover, a card-carrying member of the ACIU, a
satimizer of Eagle Scouts or Sheldon ponies, and atheist are worst of all a
raghead, a haji. Would it change your opinion of governor Huckabee to learn
that he worships a Muslim prophet, the anonymous telephone, polar whisperers
on the side of voters just before the primary? Hey you can't blame the RNC if
folks don't know that Muslims should center Jesus as a prophet. Count on it.
Whatever file measures may be necessary to destroy Baptist preacher with
suspiciously new testament tendencies and to throw the nomination to an
spectacularly unelectable Mormon billionaire those measures the GOP
leadership are prepared to take. Grunts in Vietnam had a name for this kind of
thing. It was called stepping on your own.
penis. I'm not going to use the words got here. The D word. Stepping on your own
thing. I don't want to say penis because Joyce has a problem with that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let's get back to the poll here and see if we got 800 yet. 7.79 if we get 800
pretty soon you've got a shot. We're going to have a
movie. I hate Johnny Depp on 18. Nobody's going to touch that. Paris is the
Caribbean the first one. 103. Donnie Brasco 80. There's too many movies on
here man. He made a lot of movies.
No 72 Edward Siserhands 54. See I never watch that because there's a whole
bunch of those movies where he like you want to avoid the 10
movies. He had a Tim Burton have this thing going on. He's in all the Tim Burton
movies in there. They're weak. They're very glitzy looking but the plots
we're always weak and how weird can we make Johnny? You don't want to
look weird. Well not everything is from your perspective you understand.
Let me ask you this question.
Go ahead. Movie stars, male and female. For years and years and years
haven't they wanted really attractive people if not always would usually be
the people who have a role. That's a fellow of OC.
Which is what you're trying to say. That's what you're trying to say.
We're just saying it right out. Not a fellow of OC and all these other
character actors who do strange characters.
He's a boss carloft and what's his name?
Lon Chaney, senior and junior. There's more to it than a
theater.
I know what you're saying.
Yeah but they weren't pretty guys dressed up as Grotesque Look and Care creatures.
They were Grotesque Look and guys dressed up as Grotesque.
He wants to be taken seriously so he wants to do all these things.
He doesn't want to be just in the pretty wild.
He's in all my crap. But he is.
Edward 53, fear of loading in Vegas 42. What's eating Gilbert's grapes?
34. Platoon 27. But there's more of those sirens. Can you hear about
their manages? Never stops here.
Wow. You hear it?
I hear it.
Don Juan de Marco 18, the ninth gate 16 and after that it's all.
It's all small potatoes. In fact, look at that.
Before night falls the astronauts wife the brave and Freddie's dead to last the final
nightmare. They don't have any out of 780.
Getting close to 790. Let's have it just like we had the snooze crews.
Remember that when that also involved in his Collins at WNWS when they
forced him out of business and Dennis Collins stood out front there and we were driving
around on the year with a phone. Remember that?
Uh huh.
I was talking on the phone back to the on a year.
We had to do the same thing for Dennis Collins.
We don't have to travel too far. They're right across the street.
For Joel Feinberg and Dennis. Bye-bye boys. Okay.
You can take that 790 crap and then what's very going to have to write about when that's all gone?
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
And he questions.
Redone's be shot me up.
Royce last night.
Thirty C.C. in my left cheek.
Back down.
And it's gonna keep me on.
On a winning streak.
I must have spoke so much.
We can't get enough.
I've got a giant head.
And such a tiny protective clothes.
And I'm gonna have to find someone to blame.
If I'm gonna make it to the hall of fame.
It looks like very much it's not a loan.
Oh no, no, no. I'm a rocket man.
Rocket man.
Ruins my career on gross hormones.
What do you think about Mike Revellman?
He was the most consistent of all the candidates.
Among men he got.
And among women he got 0%.
Oh my god.
A little Dennis.
Because it's high ever.
Among man he got 2% and women 1%.
Little Dennis.
He's still in though.
Biden and the.
They're out.
But little Dennis is still in.
I think the most telling stat.
I printed out all these amazing statistics here from a CNN website.
Nice job there CNN.
I just shut the TV thing off.
You'll be okay.
Stick to the website.
Age by age.
17 to 29.
Obamah 57%.
Edwards 14%.
Swilory 11.
She came in third.
30 to 44.
Obamah 42%.
Edwards 21.
And Clinton 23.
She came in second there.
45 to 64.
Swilory 28.
Obamah 27.
Edwards 31.
Edwards 1.
And the only category where.
Swilory 1 was 65 plus.
She got 45%.
Edwards 22.
And Obamah only 18%.
You think that's because old folks don't want to vote for a black guy?
Or maybe they just don't want change.
Maybe they like the old hack.
Politicians like Swilory.
Is that what it is?
She's an old politician.
Yes.
Based on what?
She represents.
She represents.
Yeah, but based on what?
She's served as long as he has.
I'm not talking about experience.
I'm talking about what he represents.
Old age.
That's part of it.
Okay.
The Clinton era.
I mean, we've had Bush and Clinton and Clinton and Bush forever now.
Let's get somebody different in there.
Okay.
Somebody with a different surname.
And I noticed by the way that that damn bitch.
Bill Bennett.
He had to go on here and see it and after the results were in.
Congratulations, Iowa for a state that's almost entirely white and they voted for a black
Democrat.
And he asked to make sure he mentions Barack Hussein, Obamah.
Nobody else in the entire night mentioned his middle name.
But he had to like, not just say it, but like shout it from the mountain from the rooftops.
Bill Bennett, you fat pile of turd.
Come with me to Woodbine, Billy.
I'll share with you what the real bad machines are.
You fat tub.
God is he an idiot.
She wasn't bad enough that they had bought no back.
I said this yesterday, but it's the truth.
CNN is the evil empire, man.
They should only croak.
Of course, what is one of the Iowa caucuses?
Why is that more important than what happened with Brittany?
It isn't.
Why are we talking about that?
Most important news.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Sorry, Chris, no for my mommy.
Somebody QAM, hello.
QAM.
How you doing?
Okay.
Let's transfer this little political talk into a little bit of ourselves talk, will you?
No.
Come on.
The drug court for a minute.
Get out of here.
Bill Parcell's talk, my ass.
Yeah.
20 hours of these lifeless idiots.
I'm not even going to say it.
Let's transfer.
Who cares about politics when you got Bill Parcells in the fish?
The rotten stinking fish is somebody I know would say.
A little Bill Parcells talk.
Isn't that make you just want to scream?
I'm sure that was a crank.
If you had asked him what he wanted to talk about he would have said,
no, he's not a crank.
He was not a crank.
He had nothing to say.
Well, let this make a difference.
Let this make him a crank.
Let this make him a crank.
Let this make him a collar.
That's who we am, Bill Parcells line.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Alex.
What are two things for you?
What do my big offense and WQA have had in common?
Yeah.
They're both painting house and your neck from the quarter slide guy.
Yeah.
From the quarter slide guy.
Yeah, who's going to talk to you then, Schmuck?
Who's going to listen to your swill?
WQA, and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
It's funny.
I've finally got to hold you for the first time in a long time since you've been away and come back.
But when George was here, he heard me say,
I was away and come back.
What does that mean?
What's that?
Since I was away and come back?
He went to Toronto and George was taking over.
I told George, it's funny, George.
You run your mouth when Neil's not there, but when Neil's there, he don't think you were there.
This is the guy that doesn't understand the show that's one person host and then the other person doesn't.
He made this call before.
He's made this call before.
He made this call before.
I don't think it's the same.
You run your mouth and you say all these things.
Well, let me ask you something.
Let me ask you this question.
How many times do you feel it's necessary to make the same call?
This is the first time I've ever made this call.
Everybody heard it?
No, George has got to say that you say the same thing every time you call.
He cranks all the time.
This is the second time he said this thing.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, who's this?
Who you're calling?
You called me?
Right.
Yeah, I called you, my ass.
You got a phone in there?
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Yes.
He's absolutely right.
He picked great.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Everybody has a boy.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Help me, Uncle Turkey.
Sax. You're my only hope.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Dan.
Yes, sir.
What's wrong with these colors, buddy?
What do you mean by that?
They're terrible.
Hey.
That's an novelty, yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, that was a great pick you had on that first horse.
That was that aesthetic, you know.
And what about the second one that won by 10 lengths?
Oh, yeah.
But the first was you.
What about the second one that won by 10 lengths that I'm sitting here without a racing form, you schmuck?
That was pathetic that he got left in the starting age.
You got left 50 lengths behind the field.
How did he do?
Oh, please.
That was pathetic.
Oh.
You're pathetic.
Okay.
Each and every one of you that calls not just this show, but that calls radio talk shows pathetic.
I have no life.
That's right.
Say it again.
I have no life.
But Jolly Joe, he likes the calls.
Yeah.
Jolly Joe, he's got that private investigator.
He's going to be knocking on your door any minute.
When you see a guy that's got loser actually written from the top of his head to his toes, you know it's accurate.
Loser.
WDQAM, hello.
Galbaz, my friend.
QAM.
I'll bet.
QAM, hello.
QAM, hola.
Hey, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I want to get Jason Jackson a chance for his show, but honestly, I can hear the show when there's a frickin' drum solo going on.
The whole two hours, you know what I mean?
No, we're doing it.
I have everybody doing this.
Did you?
There's either a drum solo or jazz going on in the background the whole time.
Really?
Yeah, the whole time.
You can ask anybody.
Why?
I have no idea.
What is that?
Drums.
Does he really do that?
I'm not asking you.
I'm asking Chris, who might actually listen to some of the he has music coming in and out of break, but I don't think he has it underneath the whole time now.
This guy sounds like a real Ojan provocateur to me.
He sounds like an anti-Jerk guy.
Which I can understand.
WDQ, A& Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Good morning, sir.
My question of the day to the American people is, can we become bright enough to have Obama run the gauntlet for the rest of the primary season in a real gauntlet?
Run the gauntlet into the primary season, pardon my pun, so that maybe we could have a real change in both the Democratic and Republican Party.
How is that going to change in Republican Party other than they're going to be out of office?
That's the entire thing right there.
Uh-huh.
The one thing that I do fear is that if Obama does get the nomination, he would have to take someone like a Bill Richards to balance the West.
And I'm not certain if that could be electable because I've got to talk about it.
People don't rent a vote for Vice President.
I hate to break into the name, but sometimes I vote against like Joe Lieberman, but they don't vote for Vice President.
Bill Richards in my ass.
Now there was a real pseudonym intellectual for it. Although he wasn't talking about Bill Parsel at least, that was good.
Nice job there, sir.
Didn't make any sense, but excellent job.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Oh, David, tune in, Tom.
But tune in, Tom.
But tune in, Tom.
Kill him.
Stag him.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Uh-huh, good man, guy who's beating you, man.
Q-A-M, hello.
Mommy wants her to double me.
W-Q-A-M, I'm sure of that.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, Nail.
Yes.
How was wandering on the side of the issue, though?
What is it about Mick Romney that rubs you the wrong way?
The fact that he's a liar in a phony, other than that, what else do you want to know?
What is magic underwear?
Nail is underwear.
Yeah.
What do you mean by that?
Let me ask you, sir.
Who's older?
You were Moses.
Who's Moses?
Oh, God.
Oh, yeah.
You only got to take about 100.
Woo.
To get a real doozy, baby.
That was good.
We'll get to Britney Spears eventually, but we got so many good calls.
I'd rather, I much rather take the calls and talk about that, bitch.
Britney's in trouble again.
Oh, my God.
What are we going to do?
It's almost enough to maybe play.
And how the f***ing there?
Anyone out there make fun of me?
I'm going to put the after all she's been through that 811 on the floor.
You're going to make a thousand with this crappy Johnny Depple.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't even.
I can't even.
I can't even.
I can't even.
I can't even.
I can't even.
I can't even.
I can't even.
I can't even.
I can't even.
I can't even.
I can't even.
I can't even.
I can't even.
How'd you like Chuck Norris there, standard right on the Mic Huckabee's ass the whole time, you know what I'm saying?
He's like the parrot on his shoulder.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent you've ever seen.
He's like the best talent you've ever seen.
Huckabee's got Chuck Norris.
He's like the best talent you've ever seen.
You rocked out to guitar hero.
Now, it's time to take it easy with Soft Rock Hero.
Oh, tough.
Go on air supply.
Dude, you totally don't rock.
Soft Rock Hero is the video game kids love to play and mom loves to listen to.
Time to take it to the next level.
You're gonna play Toto?
No.
Soft Rock Dan Fogo Burke's...
...soft rock.
Oh, what's up, dude?
And Brosha!
Woo!
Soft Rock Hero has all your light favorites like Gloria Estefran.
Fogo Kenny Logan and the King of Soft Rock himself.
Hey, I'm Michael Bolton.
Think you can be as big a wizard as me.
We'll find out.
Soft Rock Hero.
The game is hard.
The music.
Not so much.
And certainly not the artist.
I'm dying over here.
Not Dan Fogo Burke anymore.
It's 1117 at 560 WQN.
Let's keep these great calls going, man, till 2 o'clock.
Till the Jason Jerk show comes on.
560-705-60.
Pound 560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Lens.
Who was it that said he hits him like poison's ac?
I didn't say he hit it in my phone and he said, I'm done with him.
He's done?
Yeah.
Bad done?
And like, don't bother me anymore.
Like Mickey and I.
Is that bad done?
WQA and hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Good morning.
This one to tell you that guy was right about Jason Jerk's.
About what?
About the fondos in the background.
Why is that?
Because he's not going to play some drum while he's trying to talk.
Stupid.
Well, he's playing the drums or they're playing music in the back.
He's not going to play like a drum solo, like the fondos or something while he's trying to speak and suck.
Well, maybe that distracts you a little bit from the crap that he's saying.
Well, that's true.
But maybe I said it and what he's saying.
There you go.
See, we're not that stupid.
Well, I guess we are.
Here's the gaki sucks, okay?
So, Joe Zagaki is the shadow program director until this day I never had any clue and I never really even dawned on.
Because I never realized that Joe actually spent much time inside the building, although he doesn't really have to because he's with clearance at all his ball games.
Yeah.
Were you aware of this? How long have you been aware of this?
I found out about it officially yesterday.
People we were all talking about it.
But you know, you kind of felt it.
You know, you were talking about it yesterday for what reason?
Just, you know, chit chat.
What was the first part of that?
Chit chat.
That's on my brother's side.
QAM, hello.
Britney ain't squat, I did her.
Yeah, you wish.
QAM, hello.
Five in the Joe.
And finally.
Okay, down to home.
Thank God that's an improvement in line 9 over most of what it is.
They had a real head of steam there going for a little bit, didn't you notice?
A little bit.
And then it's just kind of peedered out.
Yeah, the Moses guy.
Yeah, the Moses guy.
The guy older than Abraham and Solomon.
My God.
Five, six, seven.
I wonder who dialed the phone for him.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
Count five, six, ten, eight, Verizon, singular, wireless line.
And son photos, auto materials, not even 1130 yet.
That's a bad omen for the rest of the show today.
How's Christy doing on his pull?
827, you're going to do it, mister.
That shocks the hell out of me.
I told you.
I never dreamed we get 1,000 votes on this turkey poll.
It's not the bad idea and I'm glad I made that lady happy.
But it blows.
Well, WDQAM, hello.
Alan Coulter's my son.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, wow.
A possible great moment they pulled the plug on when you could have talked with the shoe
master.
What does that mean?
Well, you wrong.
I didn't want to talk to him.
I was talking to Hank.
I was wishing Hank the best and saying goodbye.
The three way I went to the shoe.
Talked to Shula.
Three way would have been great.
Yeah.
You have a three way with Shula, okay?
Good luck to you.
Sounds like you wanted.
A chance to talk to the brain.
See, this is a problem with you people, man.
Anybody that's part of this forced fraternity, oh, well, he's somebody important.
Who the hell are you, Neil?
You only have been on in the market for 500 years.
Who the hell are you?
They think you ought to be saying goodbye to Hank.
They were asked to call in, by the way.
When Shula's on a phone, oh, it's Don Shula.
Well, excuse me.
If it's Don or Danny, then we, everybody has to clear out.
The brainstem.
A man with such an ego that he had to put on a whole dog in ponies show with the S.P.N.N.F.L. Films
to make it look like he retired on his own, even though they fired his ass.
WDQ, where you?
Hello?
Hello?
Yes.
Yeah.
The liberty.
You don't have the liberty on your pole.
Yeah?
The best movie, Johnny Depp, my lovely show, Cheerio.
WDQ, where you?
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You could tell George, because the Christians, you guys know off the air.
I don't feel like that one.
You want to interpret that thing?
I wish I could.
George, for the Christians, that you guys are off the air.
All right.
Are we off the air?
Not that I know of.
Maybe just in Christian homes are off the air.
Oh.
Maybe the farthest in the go, I'm a through the song.
Oh, gee.
Why should I tell you that?
I don't know.
But you better.
We're off the air.
WQ AM, off the air.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
I just had a statement.
I'm like giving your phones in 2009.
That's when AT&T loses its contract with the outbelted out employees.
So pretty much all the lines are going to be cut because they want to cut our pay and our benefits.
What does that mean the lines are all going to be cut?
Basically all the facts are going to go on strike including the cable repairman and pretty much they're going to take the phone with them.
Okay, well, good luck to you.
Good luck to us.
I'm in 2009.
I'm not worried about that.
I'm going to lose fart.
I'm not worried about getting up tomorrow morning.
WQ AM, hello.
I'm Cornel.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Good deal.
If they do take you off the air, whatever they do with you, where are you?
What are you talking about if they take me off the air?
What does that mean?
What does take you off the air mean?
It's self-explanatory.
If you're not on this radio station anymore, wherever you go, I hope you're on satellite radio or something like that.
You're not going to be on satellite radio.
I have a year to go.
Why are we talking about this now?
I have a year to go.
Fourth of January.
This is Miami with Cubans.
We exaggerate everything.
Yeah, I know that.
With their hands especially.
No, well, you know, with Cubans, I mean, you got one right next to you.
He's half a cuban.
Now he's not right next to me.
He's 1200 miles away in Miami.
What is that?
It's you and Hart.
No?
I said, have a great weekend.
WDQIM.
WDQIM.
QIM.
Hello.
Chagah.
WDQIM.
Hello.
QIM.
Hello.
Hello.
QIM.
Yes, sir.
Look, a cheap equipment, like an echoing sound.
I mean, they would tell you that and make a recall you in the city.
Well, this is the same guy I was called before.
Much George.
Yes.
Anything else I want to bitch about?
He's crazy.
You're a crazy person, sir.
Get yourself some assistance, okay?
Get yourself some mental help.
You're the greatest, Neil.
Check yourself in somewhere.
Yeah, I'm the greatest.
And guess what?
You mean, 567 calls are especially good today.
I'm enjoying this.
Especially the guy that is older than Moses.
Maybe I should have said in the Thusla.
Who?
Right.
567-0560, pound 560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
A great night in Iowa last night and these people are really whipped up.
Can we can the political talk for just a minute and talk about parcels?
No.
No.
Talk to Jack's jerks about that at 2 o'clock about Bill Parcells, okay?
About the big tuna.
The big kahuna and the big tuna.
QIM, hello.
Yeah, can you keep on the scene on my people a little longer?
Well, God, it's older than Moses, man, they're great.
QIM, hello.
Talk to Jack's jerks about that at 2 o'clock about Bill Parcells.
QIM, with the radio way up in the back.
Hey, hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Great. Good to have you on the radio.
Pay a couple things.
That weird guy that calls in to pick on George because he doesn't talk while you're on.
What's the an idiot?
I mean, it's unbelievable.
He can't figure that out.
He doesn't understand.
I remember George, I remember Ron.
He's just a shmitter here, but don't you understand that?
Why are you trying to rationalize?
Make sense of the point.
I have to go.
Okay.
I'd like to talk about movies.
Neil, have you seen Eastern promises yet?
Never heard of it.
Oh, it was just out like last year.
Had Vigo Martin said that it's about a little story about the Russian mafia in London or something.
If you have a chance, you should check it out or George.
If you have a chance, check that out.
It's awesome.
Eastern promises?
Yeah, I was just out last year with Vigo Martin said.
I wasn't sure I'd like to end up being spectacular.
I'm very well-written, very well-acted.
It's a great story.
I kind of think.
In the out with you, I want to talk about a 40-year-old movie.
I caught for about first time a long time.
I applied to two the other day.
And what struck me was at the end, I thought I knew how it ended with him sitting in the chair,
reminiscing kind of thing.
But I've forgotten about that last five minutes when it cut to him reminiscing way back when
And that was the first day.
And what amazed me was James Carter.
What movie are you talking about?
I've got Father Part 2.
Part 2, OK?
Yeah.
In that movie, James Carter did that movie for like four or five minutes.
And it's staggering the energy that he brings to that film or in that role.
I didn't realize it so much the first time until seeing Godfather Part 2.
How good he is in that role.
Because in Godfather Part 2, when he's only in that movie for those last few minutes,
he just is so eclectic on that screen.
It's amazing.
So I just wanted to...
So, I mean your blood and brains all over you nice, I believe so.
Exactly.
OK, Pali.
A lot of energy from James Conn.
That's back when he was younger and not like old and beaten up like in misery.
That's what happens to all of us, man.
Sooner or later we get old and beaten up.
Westy.
Join the animation, Jargon, today.
Have yourself them down on Christian fun.
Blow your friends away.
We'll back you all away.
If any, you're right, you're on a gun.
When you think of all the benefits you're getting,
life will be sweeter.
When you catch your heaters,
carry a license to be deadly.
Come on and join today.
It's the other way to be a member of the NRA.
Aim for the meat.
Aim for the chest.
And always aim for the head.
Aim for the head.
Aim for the head.
Aim for the chest.
Aim for the head.
Aim for the head.
Aim for the head.
Aim for the head.
Aim for the head.
Aim for the head.
Aim for the head.
you're a member of the NRA.
Now, we're going to say,
Number 32, what's your initials, Neil, NRA?
It's Canadian thing.
5, 6, 7, look at that phone man, it's going in spirts and fits and starts today.
All of a sudden it was blazing and then it stopped.
Maybe when the 7 minute delay catches up, maybe then they'll start smoking again.
Oh wait.
We got nothing but time man.
We had lots and lots of time before the Jason Jerk show.
I started to mention this before and I think I interrupted myself.
Strictly a cost cutting measure again, like everything else that Jolly Joe does.
With that.
Blue hand out, so they saved his salary and instead of bringing somebody to replace him,
they just moved mad dog up back to 4 to 7 again and they took the guy out the morning
show which they were already paying and stuck him into 2 to 4.
So there's nobody new on the payroll there, there's nobody to replace Hank and they're
just saving the whole salary.
Yeah but now we got this new guy coming up from KC.
To do 9 to midnight.
What's that guy to do with what I'm talking about?
Absolutely nothing.
In other words, you tell me they're going to pay him the big bucks.
Oh for some.
Obviously, Kansas City's where Jason Whitlock I think it is is that they supposedly
talked to you.
So I guess we didn't have enough money for Whitlock but so we'll take this other guy.
Are you knocking management now?
I don't do that.
I let you do that.
Next thing you're going to be doing is knocking Jason Jerk's.
Not talking about the fact that Zach don't want anything to do with him.
He's finished, he's had it.
Done.
That's the little George that starts all these rumors.
What?
WQAM.
QAM.
Hello.
I have one more year to call.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hola.
QAM.
Yeah, QAM.
How's your friend Hank Goldberg doing?
Maybe you'll both find up in the grave.
Ha ha.
Ha ha.
Ha ha.
You're going to beat us both.
I guarantee you that you will fart.
You've seen how old turd.
Go open your neighbor's mail and do something constructive.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Good to be sure as always.
Listen.
In honor of the Humper, you think we can get the...
I can go over the hippopotamus.
I know the singer was Quest, but...
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello, screenless.
QAM.
Hello.
Oh, hello.
WQAM.
Our last call.
Hello.
I'm feeling another room.
The trouble of life in Britney Spears.
Well, I was a nice experiment.
Let me reach over and shut that baby off.
Give it a rest for the weekend.
But it's sure like you said.
It killed a lot of really good time.
Sure.
That's what we're here for like sunny from markets and not for a good time.
Just to kill a lot of time.
That's what Sonny said.
I can't believe you're going to do a thousand votes on his horseball poll.
Wow.
Nice going there, Chris.
Well, thank you.
Eight...
Something.
Eight...
Fifty.
Eight fifty.
That's... what's his name?
Steve Lapa.
Just to remember, if he puts it on here, it's going to fail.
That's what Norma Kent once said.
Everything he touches turns to swell.
Nice going, by the way.
Norma, you really got some heavy duty crap going on.
Everybody who ever did a talk show, even that bitch that used to be on a carrying can,
who is the other one?
Who was that other cell that they had on there for a little while?
Brookdaisle.
And there were crank colonists from Portland or somewhere, don't you remember that?
Oh, no.
Yes, you do.
I'm trying to face them.
There's somebody who was crank colonists from Portland to try to promote her shows.
She was syndicated.
That wasn't like the husband and wife team, comedy team.
They ran a comedy service.
They did?
Was that them?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know who you're talking about either.
Well, good.
But what the point I'm trying to make is that all those people were either are or were syndicated.
They were like 200 stations.
Top had janko.
I got Norma.
Hey, Norma.
You're fair.
Oh, my God.
Send me some money.
Send me some money.
Remember Norma?
He sold his Fag newspaper and he was all set up for life.
He had enough money for the rest of his life.
And he's going to do something.
I do remember that.
Oh, yeah.
Send me some money.
Well, do something.
Okay.
Do something really constructive now.
Make something happen.
Give me an offer, even like 5 cents.
I don't even have 5 cents on the table.
I have nothing on the table.
Zero.
I'm entertaining offers.
I'm putting Neil on the market.
I'm doing this.
And I'm doing that, Elliot.
I'm the greatest.
And I'm a genius.
And I'm Norman Elliott.
You can't.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
What was that other guy's name?
The trouble life of Brittany Spears had a new chapter when the intoxicated pop star was
Wisdomain and Ambulance.
After police were called to our house to help end an nearly a three hour custody standoff involving her young sons.
The 26-year-old pop star was taken to Cedar Sinai Medical Center, entertainment tonight, report on its website today.
Cedar spokesperson, Cine Singer, S-I-M-I, Cine Singer, said she could neither confirm or deny the report citing patient confidentiality laws.
Office adjacently of the L-A-P-D told city new service that Spears appeared to be out of the influence of an unknown substance.
He declined to elaborate.
No injuries were reported.
Spears was consciously yesterday when paramedics took her out of her home in a gurney.
Several.
Several police cars escorted the ambulance out of the neighborhood followed by dozens of paparazzi.
Officers were called to Spears' house amount 8pm to respond to the custody dispute with ex-husband Kevin Fideline over their son's two-year-old Sean Preston and one-year-old Jaden James Lee said.
By about 10-30 last night, six police cars, two ambulances and a fire truck and an under-the-gated community then clued Spears' house.
Several police cars were seen in the area earlier in the night.
Spears turned over the children around 10-50 last night.
Spears and Fideline have been involved in a long and very public ugly custody battle.
Fideline's temporary custody of the children because Spears was limited in visitation rights to his defied court orders.
The two were married October 2004 in New York, in July.
Trailer? Trash, baby.
If you want to know the definitive picture of Trailer Trash, look at these two.
Here's an old picture of her boy when she was really hot.
She looked really good there when she was blonde and looked ahead that youthful fresh-faced look on her face before she became a total masky case.
Were all supposed to be all whipped up about?
Ask me if I care about Britney Spears.
No.
If whatever care?
No.
Don't care.
Don't want to care.
Don't know from it.
Can't stand it.
And just like these people hate Johnny Depp.
When you listen to the calls, if you're like visiting South Florida for the first time or maybe for the first time in a while and you're listening to the show wondering,
who are these crazy people calling in this radio show?
That's South Florida.
Just like our pool here.
Oh, by the way, Jay Leno killed Letterman.
Did you see that?
I saw.
And the writers say he violated rules because he wrote his own material.
Well, who now is the most important?
Who is the writing for crying out loud?
God forbid he's going to be a rigid writer's guild.
More drama for Britney Spears.
All right.
More drama for your mama.
And there's a picture of the showing her being dragged out on the gurney.
There's schlepping her.
Oh, brother.
866 under pool.
And what's your favorite Johnny Depp movie?
127 is getting close though.
Now, Pirates of the Caribbean, the first one, has 122.
And I hate Johnny Depp 127.
A battle to the death.
We hate him.
Whoever you put on there.
We hate him.
And we hate you too, Neu.
We hate George a lot, especially George.
Even Chris, we hate a little bit, but not so much because he's small.
He's small.
He's waiting.
George.
George, we hate light.
In fact, we ought to put that on there.
Who do you hate more?
George Rodriguez or anybody else in the world?
Yeah.
There you go.
Oh, it hands down.
Friday, you bastard.
Read down, shout.
Wear the mother's clothes.
Go with the hang from trees and play the joke.
You got some food on the station on.
Newfangled, raiding old.
Now, as North Carolina goes.
Rollies of big city, you know.
And that's where the beesleaves had to go.
For Golly, Riley, Joe.
A new GM.
He'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend.
Then quickly walk away.
Absolutely.
They had Joe.
Go to five, six, oh, with ratings.
And the toilet mold to get those.
Blaming sportful mobs in order in control.
And then so, Golly, Riley, Joe, a buck you'll learn.
And in the note, he lets moat.
Go, and here's what blows.
It's Golly, his own show.
He'll make a big change.
And rearrange.
It's worse or the same.
He hasn't done a thing.
For what goes on the air at two.
Joe don't have a stinkin' clue.
About a four.
Not that essentially blows for all radio.
The GM of five, six, oh, Golly, Riley, Joe.
On the exciting news is the engineer is coming to this afternoon to fix things that have been broken here for like five, six months.
Excellent.
Better late than never.
Right.
So let's see in that article, Damon and Mendolara.
That doesn't sound Jewish to me at all, you know.
No, they're not.
They're not.
So maybe he'll work Chief Number One, Number Two, he's a Goy.
So therefore, he's got two of the criteria already on his side.
You're hired.
You're hired.
I was just discussing the pattern with the beast during that break.
The pattern?
The Holocaust that's going on here at the station.
Yes.
And they got this big oven in the back.
They're stoking it up.
I think Joe's a gackie's got his hand in it.
Joe's a gackie's stuck, okay?
That's what I'm thinking.
Turn code.
How can you turn on the Humper?
Joe and Clarence turning on the Humper.
I mean, turning on me, I can understand that because they all hate me like poison.
I'm not part of the sports establishment.
WDQA and hello.
Any?
Yep.
Any, you.
Yes.
Hey brother, I love you man.
I love you.
You guys got the best part.
I'm certainly going to miss you when you're gone.
And when you play that crazy laughing, I say it.
It absolutely just almost drove myself off the road yesterday.
Lydia, well, you're able to better try and escape.
Hey, I love you bro.
You doing a great job.
Okay, I love you too.
Bye bye.
Love you.
Love you.
WDQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes?
Who is this?
Who are you calling?
Oh, I was trying to call Larry.
Larry?
Yeah.
Larry rhymes with you, Larry.
That Larry?
Yes.
Larry Whom?
Nothing out of the long hour.
Good.
I think so.
Oh god, I'm impositive of that.
Look at that more fun with that guy.
Come on.
You should have said you were Larry.
I got news for a dead air is more syndulating than the sound of that voice.
Jesus, God.
Get yourself a personality transplanter.
WDQA and hello.
Can I have your autograph?
QA and hello.
Look at that number for Dan.
Ah!
Ah!
Bill Tannen.
Here's the guy who wants to be Bill Tannen's boyfriend, I guess.
Oh, look at this.
Where did this come from?
Somebody just facts to us.
See, we know nothing about what's going on.
An article by Mike Baradino,
so it must be in which paper to see right for it.
A holder of the satellite.
What?
A belt of the central.
Hank Goldberg's exit is said lost for a South Florida sports talk.
It says, well, this is great.
That's for Dan Schurer.
It says Rick Patino cuts her to his Louisville basketball practice
just so we could call in on New Year's Eve.
P. Rose put down his racing form long enough in California
to place a cross-country call to his handy-capping Campondre.
Don Schurer.
Pat Riley.
Jimmy Johnson.
Bush David's Kevin Lockery.
Even the Arranger's called him, but was blown off in favor of Don Schurer.
They all called in to pay the respects to one of the legends of South Florida Broadcasting,
sports broadcasting, for a guy who didn't want a tribute show,
Hank Goldberg sure enjoyed quite a send-off from WQM earlier this week.
And you know what?
He deserved every minute of it, says Mike Baradino.
Think about it.
How many hours did we spend with Hank through the years as we sat in Rush Hour Trafford on I-95?
How many mourning debates around the water cooler began?
With, you hear what Hank said?
He made his angry, he made his laugh.
Most of all, he made his thing.
Hey, stop it!
I didn't really want a big deal, but once it got rolling,
I was pretty thrilled, Goldberg says now that his salary dispute has ended
his three-decade run as the king of local sports radio.
It was really a nice thing.
Goldberg's 67 wasn't always nice to his call,
especially the ones who dared to say something he deems stupid or bigoted.
Two generations of local sports fans grew up fearing they might be called a putz
or a jago off by the men they called a hammer.
Don't suffer the fools.
That was Hank's motto when a many tipsy picked up from mentor Larry King.
Uh-huh.
During that talk Legends days at WIOD in the early 70s,
Larry was a lot more gentle with people than I was, Goldberg says.
Yet getting chewed out upon the air by the hammer was almost a bad diviner.
Even Dr. Richard Kramer, the cruel springs-based dentist,
loves to talk about the time Hank yelled at him after a post-superbowl call that somehow went awry.
Guess that's why my friend, Sliced Endist, never called the weekly baseball show I did with Hank the past six summers.
He, uh, didn't want to get reamed out again.
But he still listened.
We all did, says Mike Burdeno.
For 30 years plus we tuned in to hear and see what Hank had to say,
whether it was a WIOD radio or WTVJTV or NESPN,
where he will take an increased workload now that he no longer has a South Florida gig.
The reason wasn't just the A-list guest he created across our radio dial
or some sports version of Stockholm syndrome.
It was the fact Goldberg, more than most modern host doing sports talk,
understood the vast difference between opinion and informed opinion.
Whether it was the Marlins Endless Push for a New Stadium,
the behind the scenes and national nations at the University of Miami,
or the often latest coaching search, the hammer knew how to bring it.
That was Schuylers main point during his call to a man who once co-hosted his radio show
and handed a handle radio analysis on the often broadcast in the 70s and 80s.
Schuylers talked about how I could back up most of the things I said Goldberg said,
I wasn't just somebody who got on the air and said things for the sake of saying them.
He wasn't the father of sports talk in South Radio.
That was Luther Evans, who had a show in the early 60s,
even before Sonny Hirschka rolling that decade.
Luther Evans on WKAT.
He was there when I was at KAT, I believe, just on the way out.
And now he's dead.
George. Yeah. Yeah.
But Goldberg was definitely the one who upped the eddy,
the one who kept everyone on his toes.
There was a Kosellian quality who was working that he too was never afraid of.
He was afraid to tell it like it is.
Suspensions?
There were four of those starting in 61 when Ruffur became fans for a family show up for a big game with Penn State.
That led to a disgust about the Miami-deserved at the office,
and not even a frantic off from his boss and benefactor Bill Vines,
forget him to simmer down.
Bill Vines, what an A-hole.
Oh, God.
Bill Vines, who sent me down an IOD before they later, before Disney later, heard me and said to me,
don't you want to, wouldn't you rather be like Sandy Payton and have everybody love you?
I said no because if everybody loves you, that means you're boring, like Sandy.
Anyway, that weekend, Goldberg went on NBC's National Pigames show with the young Brian Gumbel
to further discuss the controversy he created.
This was long before the current generation of first taking around the horn and overheated sports debates
in which the gestures of overtaking the philosophers.
There's a lot of noise out there, Goldberg said what Shula said is very true.
There are a lot of guys out there that just want to hear their own voice.
For more than three decades in these parts, we were privileged to hear the hammers.
Rice Merck, Mike Burden, on the Sunsino.
When I was going there, Mike, it's about time somebody wrote something good about the Humper
and now that they shoved his fat ass out the door.
Oh, God.
Uncertain money, so you have to be after about 100 years.
It's just not right.
You know, it's another thing to want to change direction.
Another thing to want to run a cheap ass outfit.
But do it with class.
Treat people like a munch.
Like you've got some respectability, some gratitude for the people that built this place to what it once was
before the current management came along and basically butchered it.
Butchered it.
I mean, now it's like it was one thing when the sales department was revolving door.
And now it's the on the airs like a revolving door.
Oh, here's this one in the morning.
Here's this one in the afternoon.
Here's this one two to four.
Here's this one four to seven.
And it's like moving the pieces around on a chest board.
Over and over and over again.
The audience, their heads are spinning like Linda Blair and the exorcist.
Like a freaking dreidel.
Don't say dreidel is a Jew thing.
They get upset about that.
Do you think?
883 on a pool.
I can't believe you're going to do a thousand on a Johnny Depp pool and the bad news is over.
That's within one.
What's your favorite Johnny Depp movie?
I hate Johnny Depp 128 and parrots of the Caribbean the first one, 127.
It would be nice if the actual movie came out.
Number one is opposed to I hate.
We're sick and tired of South Florida hating everything.
Start liking something.
Okay.
I don't know what.
I like George.
I like hate.
I like George.
Cozy up to him.
Start liking him.
Even if you hate him.
Start looking at him.
WQ, QAM.
I hear all day.
Yeah, we know QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
This is Larry.
Have you seen any calls?
Yeah.
Hey, Larry.
Hi, Jim.
I got a suggestion for you.
Is this a service?
Get a life.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, good afternoon, Neil.
I have an answer.
Good morning.
Good morning.
I still remember that show you did with Johnny about 25 years ago when he was living out of his car.
No, he wasn't living out of his car then.
He was telling about how he was living.
No, he wasn't.
He was doing 21 jump street.
Maybe I was living out of my car.
But there's a bit of it.
The point of my call is, hey, hey, leave in the way you is.
It's just another.
Another nail in the coffin of this area.
We're losing another national treasure.
The last few that we have down here.
It just really seems me it's part of corporate America that's the way it is.
I know you say you're going to be back, but another station.
I'm not so sure.
I hope you are.
I've been listening to you for the first year.
Well, what is your opinion?
You're not so sure.
Well, what motivation do you have?
You don't need the money.
What should I do?
How do you know how much money I need?
Well, I know you've been in a couple of million years.
No, I don't.
Three billion, according to Ali Brecher.
Yes, according to Ali Brecher, I make three million years.
Everybody's got, you know, picks numbers out of their ass.
I don't make no two or three million dollars a year.
Well, I hope I see you back to you with the rest of us poor shleppers.
Don't go.
You're not going back to that body.
Okay.
Thank you, Dale.
Everybody's an expert on my life, on your life, and of course they have no life.
Oh, I've got to go.
So, you're not going to be an expert on other experts.
Jesus, God Almighty.
No, Ali Brecher said I'm making like 70 million years.
She needs serious help.
She needs to be put out to puncture that old bitch.
Whatever is sending out this next message, Ali,
I'll have you picked up your stock and just...
This is Freddie Quinn.
Whenever I shape my balls,
I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1-hour.
Wendy!
Everybody pops up.
Wendy!
You'll get scarred.
Oh, that they don't don't natchin' bout,
As you know, they're trying to make some money,
But, well now, they're too busy hunting sport.
This is good.
They're all,
Roozy, roozy, roozy, roozy, roozy, roozy,
Roozy, roozy, roozy, roozy, roozy, roozy,
Roozy, roozy, roozy, roozy, roozy, roozy,
Roozy, roozy, roozy, roozy, roozy, roozy, roozy,
What was that noise?
Oh, let me take a look at this security monitor.
Anything to do with sport?
Well, just a lot of buildings burning and carnage.
My car's okay though.
Go back to the files.
Now did I dream that or did that really come across my TV?
I was taken in naply yesterday afternoon and I would swear that I heard come over the TV.
Ricky Williams is going to be invited back for the dolphins next season.
Did I hear that or not?
Yes you did.
Oh my god.
When are they going to have enough?
When is enough?
But I'd be enough already for crying out loud.
It's tuna.
It smells like rotten, stinking mackerel to me.
God.
W.Q.I.M. Hello.
Ennegrito, grado.
Yeah, back to you.
Speaking English.
W.Q.I.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Bill?
Yes I am.
How you doing Neil?
I'm doing okay.
And as far as sports talk goes, sports talk is terminal.
But the hump or in that dog needs you to make it palatable for some reason.
The reason that people, I've said this for years, the reason that people listen to them is because they listen to the personality.
Not just because they were talking about the same crap that 800 other guys in the market are talking about.
And they're patching, and they're real, and they're not afraid to speak the truth about the team.
Yeah.
Everybody's so hot about it.
Well, you know something.
Maybe that's one of the reasons why the hump is not on the station anymore.
Do you ever think about that?
Well, the mad dog will be soon to follow, because he doesn't listen to pull any punches either.
Well, he better watch his pees and cues, baby.
As far as the ball goes, Neil, how about a hateful or what you hate the most in South Florida?
Okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pun.
It's just amazing to me.
Well, what has happened?
What has happened?
It happens slowly over the years.
And I think about those days back 11, 12 years ago, you know.
And I'm not saying there was always great.
I mean, there were plenty of these kind of days there, too.
But back in the day, there were actually people who had something to say.
Remember those days?
People who called up with real conversation.
Now it's basically that.
Tuesday, primary New Hampshire, where we just got through with all the hate-catch-at-tellty
excitement about this, the one call that we had that even mentioned,
anything about the caucus and Iowa last night, and about Barack Obama winning in Micah-Kabee,
was the guy that said, oh, let's, uh, Schmidt-Kandah politics for a while and talk about the Parcels.
That was the caller who even acknowledged the fact that anything happened last night.
Let's talk about real Parcels, about the big fat tuna with that wrinkled up pus.
See, I hope that they improve on this paracels next year.
I hope they do, Chris.
Oh, and 16 would be good.
No.
Perfection would be great.
Don't hate.
I do.
I just want to go to your team.
I despise.
And not my team.
They're your team.
You're not on my page, Jonathan.
Not my team.
Talk about your page.
All the baldies, your buddy, baby.
Yeah, I'll talk about your patrons.
You enjoy them.
You know, let us have a world and I do.
A five, six, seven, and a few a.m.
Hello.
Hey, you know, it wasn't that long ago.
We were buddies.
Yeah, not bad.
Yeah, you should do so.
I guess the drugs are starting to keep you.
First study ever study anything funny.
QA and hello.
Barakobema sucks.
Yeah.
WQA and hello.
I saw that.
You were living in my found you.
An eye for a bright.
I saw that career.
I saw where you were living.
Hey, all half of your product.
Very good.
Who's tape is that?
He's playing.
What was that?
I had no idea.
Oh.
Nobody to QA and hello.
Nor do we care less.
QA and?
Yeah, I know.
You find it funny that Julianne is down here pandering and high.
He is for the Cuban vote.
And I think he's mistalculating because none of the born again red necks are going to
vote for him up in the north.
They're all going to go for hot to be.
So he doesn't have a chance to floor it either.
Good.
Yeah, good to hear.
Good old is to bad rubbish.
Exactly.
Ever since the panthers, I mean any chance this year, I mean they're struggling.
Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da.
Let's get some hockey talk going.
I think the panthers know they won a game last night against the leaves by the way.
Absolutely sucked and pissed for just embarrassing.
When are the heads going to start rolling?
Huh?
At the scare Canada soon.
I'm going to talk about calling you a bucket of cramp.
I don't know how we have to say much about this.
Literally crossing.
No, there's not too much to say about it except the least suck.
Okay, the panthers won't make the playoffs again, but other than that.
And nobody cares.
And nobody shows up there.
I like the Montreal game when 5,000 of the people in the stands were frog fans.
It's a pretty sad commentary.
That's one of the reasons you'll find where you shouldn't own in the first place, Mr. Hot Shot.
You shouldn't own the first place.
It's not a sports market.
You could have opened up a real talk station in May 790, which once upon a time was WS News.
You could have made it like a real talk station and buried this place.
But oh no.
It's the obsession with sports.
And he even said on the show he's not a sports fan.
Remember that?
When he called in that day.
And he really didn't degraded himself.
Not as much as when he beat up his girlfriend, but almost.
You're a loser, Joel.
Let's face it, you lost a lot of Danny's money.
The Elise is coming to an end.
You're on the way out.
And Dennis Collins is left with another turkey.
And I'm going to Dennis.
Let's bring back WS News.
What do you say?
Do it.
Bring back Alice Rantell and Mr. Ego.
Who else?
Steve Stan Major?
First Kaufman.
No, she was never on it.
Oh, no.
Marmer Studdly?
The real Marmer Studdly.
WDQA and Hello.
She mentioned the kicker ass.
WDQA and Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's your take on Parcel's retire?
Yeah, that's my take on Parcel's exactly retire.
That's my take.
WDQA and Hello.
And now, Mr. Shabaraka, when that caucus last night, the one I felt bad for was Bill Clinton.
Can you imagine how miserable his life is going to be living with that bitch after the coup?
Yeah, he looked really sad, standing behind her, trying to act enthused on a podium there.
He looked really...
And wasn't that... what's her name?
That was Madeline Albright standing behind her.
That Madeline, yeah, he had his whole crew.
His whole crew there.
No, that poor guy. His future.
I think the thing that was most interesting is they all pointed out that there was nobody in that house.
They were all like half an hour before they showed, before they announced that she was coming down.
And then they filled it up with all the cronies.
Yeah, he was smiling, but I don't know.
That was like smiling like gas was boiling in his belly.
Could be.
I'm going to thank them.
Good luck to him.
Okay, good luck, Bubba.
Yeah, I was bad.
See, one thing that she doesn't understand.
America loves Bubba.
They hate her.
That's what she doesn't get.
Am I right?
Right.
Just because they love your husband doesn't mean they like you, honey.
They hate you like poison.
They can't stand you.
And either can he, obviously.
WQA and hello.
QA and hello.
QA and hello.
Jim DeFeedy WFTO Baby.
Jim DeFeedy WFTO Baby.
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, yeah.
And what is he going to be getting paid by the pound?
Is that it?
Jim DeFeedy.
There's another South Florida invention.
He's like the modern day Greg Voodell.
They make a big, I don't know who this guy is.
He keeps writing all these puff pieces about him.
They must be doing something.
Like the thing that somebody faxed us this morning.
It won't help.
It won't help Steve Lapa.
He's still like going to have any number.
Nothing you put on here gets a number on 8.50.
Nothing.
Bill O'Reilly don't get a number.
Mad Kyle, he don't get no number.
Nothing gets a number on that station.
Well, he get a number.
Oh.
WDQA M Hello.
D-Meagle, you're driving.
WDQA M Hello.
QA M Ola.
The number is on the answer line.
Look at your math.
WDQA M Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes?
Yeah, I, uh, and I'm going to go straight in.
Hello.
Yeah, straight answers to what?
I'll just say 21st and ask for some straight answers.
Yeah.
I think I was entitled to them.
Straight answers to what?
Believe that that's yours.
Oh, I cut them off.
That's going to get a straight answer from you.
Oh, no, he's going to get a good answer.
Not a straight answer.
WQA M Hello.
I think it's Cain Meele.
Yes.
How are you doing, buddy?
WQA M Hello.
I'm all these callers today.
It's too much worse than every other day.
Yeah, well, I'm enjoying it.
Little lord.
Anyway, in fact, the politics.
So, uh, who's going to win the Republican?
Who's going to win the Republican?
What?
The nomination?
Who's going to be in the Republican race against, you know, president?
The president.
Who's going to run for president?
Who's going to be in the Republican race against the president?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Stick to making sounds, OK?
You're much better with that.
Stick to what you're capable of doing.
Having intelligent discourse about politics or anything else, uh, more intellectual than
Britney's ass is not not not possible in South Florida.
How's Chris doing?
Nine over nine over.
Look at that.
Lookie, lookie, lookie.
Here comes cookie.
That's what we never used to say.
And I still learned what that will meant.
Lookie, lookie.
Here comes cookie.
Remember him saying that?
All the time.
He said, yeah, and now he's dead.
It's really sad that he's dead, but you know, something he was a textbook example and
Hanks, another one now, although Hank, I don't know.
I think we never got screwed over the worst.
They just decided to a new deal.
He'd been on the morning for a hundred years.
His ratings were still pretty good.
A little older, yeah, old.
And they were making money on the show.
He had spots up the old, uh, all the, uh, off the old canteen.
Oh.
Ask.
But, uh, oh no, we've decided to go into different direction and then they did the same thing
of these people are doing.
One thing about radio management, man, no matter where you go, they suck.
They absolutely blow.
They don't know what the hell they're doing.
That's the one consistent thing they haven't got a clue.
Mess with success.
If something worse change it.
If somebody's good, firearm.
If somebody gets good ratings, say, oh, it's not about ratings.
I mean, that line that they told Hank, that's just hysterical.
It's not about rating.
No, it's about running under cheap ass operation and trying to be a big hero for the company
and show them how much money you're going to save them.
But in the meantime, an empty log ink going to pay the bills then either.
I'm not going to cut it.
So what do you think about my cockabee?
You think we can turn, bring, save the country from, or for Jesus?
My Cucklberry?
My Cucklberry, that's right.
Cucklberry hailed.
Oh, look at that.
The Dow is down.
142.
Wow.
And now they're talking just like I said the other day on the air.
Now they're saying this spring, four bucks a gallon for gas.
You ready for that?
Can you handle it?
Yeah.
You better get you a bicycle man, start cycling to work here, be there.
Four bucks a gallon.
Thank you again, Mr. President, for those little gas prices.
You put your name to the man you're limited.
You run Saudi Boyfriend.
60 QAM.
The sports leader.
John.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
The
The
Down the mountain road and run down Shack.
You got to the bread and then they're riding tapins back.
Just to sell us prey in the Christian way, after hanging up the failure that they thought was gay.
Slide your flag like a rabble, those styles gonna do it some man.
For a tan.
Spam is easy, may your boat's coming out to the pit.
In the fine church, go with dresses, lick it, he's split.
After first back the skirt, cut the nails of green.
They got the light drinking out, let the thread of me.
So slide your flag like a rabble, those styles gonna do it some man.
For a tan.
All right.
So freak out.
Spin like a cradle, get down.
Bring it as much as you're able to move around.
Your baby sister looks good, be proud.
And do like Jesus would.
Slide your flag like a rabble, while the style's gonna do it some man.
For a tan.
And since that day, the Christian run well, you know the gator only knew the unbred and dumb.
Hands fell up where exactly, her then poured, maced with old song, new books, the name of their Lord.
Education is a devil, and this house gonna do it some man.
For a tan.
Judged today is coming down the track before there's time with some good old boys, and gouts making their lives.
Can't get any gummer dance, other fried, grateful, shrubber to them, just go, please.
Let's cross.
You, you, I be proud.
You're 25% of me loud.
When the baby would just end to look around, or if I'm holding in and pull down.
Your pants will break more in, pack another bucket, because style's gonna do it some man.
Or it's a.
Oy!
From 18 to 560 WQM, every time I see John Edwards, I just can't give her to that.
Is it just me or am I the only one, or do you have to be able to say the same way?
I can't give her that feeling about his, yahooism.
Is yahooism?
Is drawing a yahooism?
No, no, you're right.
Remember, that's not necessarily a negative to other people.
I don't care.
I know, but we want somebody to win.
So in other words, you think he's more viable candidate than Obama?
Yeah, because he's not like.
Yeah, because he's a real guy.
He sure helped carry in 2004.
No, please, not, please, please what?
Cracker, please.
To blame him for what carry did, or did he?
Not really, he didn't help him a lick.
He didn't lick him.
He didn't do anything.
He just sat on his eyes, and I think that's the way carry wanted it.
Remember that?
He wasn't even campaigning.
He is a drawing, yeah.
And he's done anyway.
He didn't have the money.
That is all done.
And he's moving on to Hampshire.
And he's going to finish right there.
And so he's all done.
Go, Barack.
Right, exactly.
And she's done too.
I mean, she would never admit it, but she's finished.
She even lost in women.
That was going to be her only the old women voted for a swirly.
But that's not the old women he winning.
We were talking about it.
You don't like Hillary.
You must be a, you know, misogynist or something, a sexist.
Yeah, sure.
Now, must have some common sense.
And see through her phony faade, through the veneer of invincibility,
and inevitability, and unelectability.
She just, too polarizing, like I told you many, many times,
people either love her or hate her, and there are just too many people who hate her.
If she was running against a mookow, they'd vote for the cow.
I'm done.
And probably the mookow might look a little bit better, too.
She's not looking too good these days, swirly.
Not that she ever did.
Right.
At least the daughter now, Chelsea, she's done to look human a little bit.
You know what I said?
A little bit?
Well, better than before.
Oh, I know.
With that frisely, I want to be like mine here.
Good, you got it worse.
Oh, my God.
I think it gots heater up.
Well, it's just this whole thing about the US.
We got to have some, and then I have to laugh.
How her dean comes out last night.
He must have had something, his pump spike, or something.
And he's talking to one of the talking heads on there,
and he says, well, you know, the estimate is opinion about hookahby.
He said, yeah, really is astonishing that, you know,
a governor from a small southern state.
And of course, meantime, who else from Arkansas?
I elected president twice, but Bubba.
And what big state is how her dean from Vermont, you know?
These people talk such cramp, garbage.
Not to mention Wolf-Litzkrieg and Candy Cowley.
And that big fat billed-bendet.
I'm going to take a crowbar and just jam it through my big,
the Samsung 46-inch TD when I see Bill Bennett on there.
What a tub of large.
What a jackass.
Barack Hussein Obama.
Yeah, say Hussein a couple of more times you fat turd.
God, as he suck.
Mm-hmm.
Femini QA, and hello.
Yeah, near please.
Speaking, please.
Yeah, barred from the hotel pharmacy.
Yeah.
Yeah, he remembered.
Let me ask you something.
Every time you call, you say you have to be fruit of the call
about hotel pharmacy.
No, no.
We've not been out of business for 40 years.
Yeah.
Do you remember the Ollie Burger?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Do you still around?
Yeah, good.
Bye.
Good luck.
Go on and shove it up your record.
Back down.
Yes.
Don't remember the Ollie Burger?
Go live in the past.
Go live on the big, go to Niels on the corner of Alton
and then whatever that was.
Get out of here.
All these old cockers living in the past.
You remember this?
You remember that?
Yeah, remember when you were alive, too, sir.
It's a long time ago, but I remember.
How about you, don't?
Nope.
All the, well, I'm not talking about you.
I'm talking about him.
Oh.
All the old parts all the time.
See, I thought when I'd get to be this age,
I dreaded the fact that I might get to be like them.
But I did always say I would never be like that.
I won't.
Just because you're chronologically a certain age,
that doesn't mean you have to behave like that.
Like some kind of a miserable old fart.
A Neil Hotel Pharmacy.
Remember?
Yeah, me and Larry King.
We were there ripping off old ladies.
Good.
God.
A lot of old farts today.
Maybe the election will come up last night
or maybe they spilled their bag in the overnight hours.
Maybe their bag froze up during those couple of nights of bad weather.
How's the weather going to be eighties there this weekend?
Unfortunately.
What do you mean by that?
Unfortunately, what's wrong with that?
We were enjoying this like jacket.
Yeah, I hear you were enjoying freezing your ass off.
Oh, please.
Nah.
Nah.
Who was it? That cold.
Mine is four.
Pretty toasty here.
We're going to be all the way up to minus three.
And the sun is allegedly.
There's a little sunshine out there.
A little blue sky.
Mine is three is what?
Mine is one is thirty.
So about twenty six, twenty seven.
Not so bad.
No snow.
And this weekend all the snow is going to melt some day through Tuesday
because it's going to be like 50 degrees.
And you know something you're right.
When it gets to be.
And in fact, I'll be honest with it when there's no wind.
And I know it sounds ridiculous.
When there's no wind and it's about thirty.
But nerd, man.
It's pleasant.
Sure.
It really is.
And there's no wind.
You feel like a lie, you know.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
QAM.
Can't do it.
QAM, hello.
Any of you, how's it going, buddy?
Okay, sir.
Any of you, I've been a long time listener about ten years.
I'm always driving on the road here in South Florida.
And from seven to,
we'll read this recently from seven to two.
You guys have been my entertainment,
along with Big Dog and yourself.
And now I see why you rip this guy and rip the management.
And Joe Bell and everybody's involved on the swill that they put on.
Why would they change Mad Dog to four o'clock?
To save money.
Yeah, I see that now.
But what I mean,
from two to four,
I know it does make it kind of speechless.
I know.
Jesus.
I mean, it sounds like a lot of things.
Jesus Christ could probably do a better show between two and four, I would think.
It's like karaoke radio from two to four.
I was going to give him a chance, you know,
since I gave Bow and Kenya a chance,
but you know, that blew over.
All right, now tell me what that's all about karaoke, because they had a couple of,
because I don't listen.
So I have no idea what all this sound effects are on the way.
What is he doing?
I'll give you an example.
Yeah.
When you go on break,
you or anybody else will call out the time,
and he goes,
there's an etiquette to that.
Yeah.
This guy will just, you know, be talking all of a sudden,
boom, you'll come out here and all of a sudden the commercial will come on.
And you don't even know he's on break, or he won't break, or he's going on break.
What does that have to do with karaoke radio?
Well, I mean, it's just, he's got like the other card said that there's,
there's music in the background like these African drums.
Oh, now we're going to make it into a racial thing, huh?
No.
African drums.
It's a little bit of jazz.
It's jazz, baby.
Don't be saying African drums.
They're going to come after your African.
I'm not going to drums.
You think that's what they play?
No, that's what I play.
Oh, yeah.
So none of us have talked about the exit stuff.
No, no, no, no.
He plays jazz music, apparently, a lot.
Well, like under, well, it's hard to talk.
During the show?
Yeah, that's what I was told.
Oh, my God.
I can't believe this.
For what purpose?
To look cool because it's jazz, you know, jazz makes you cool.
In case you hadn't heard.
You've got to be yanking my leg.
I wish I was.
A lot of Harry Connick and stuff I hear.
Harry Connick, yeah.
Harry Connick couldn't see his wet of a paper sack.
Not at the less.
I see.
I thought it was a sports show.
It's not a sports show.
It's a music show.
I don't know.
It's a sports in music show.
I'm going to tell you what it was.
925 on a Johnny Depp poll.
Pirates of the Caribbean has moved in the first place.
Thank God.
142.
I hate Johnny Depp, only 132.
Thank God.
Not a grascal.
90 Reds of White Ains.
Yeah, let's start doing that.
That killed some good times.
Cool.
Cool.
Right.
Like from now to December, Santa.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Oh.
Well, she once was the attorney general.
You're Harry.
When she was in charge, it was business as usual.
She's one tough woman and a limiter.
That's no more.
I'm a shit.
Well, now all of the Democrats are loving her.
Ever since she said she might run for governor.
Well, that's just one question I'd like to ask her.
Absolutely.
Why do you shake?
January, no.
Why do you shake?
January, no.
Why do you shake?
January, no.
Why do you shake?
January, no.
Where you gotta lick a bush if you wanna take control.
Why do you want to buy a 60 WQA?
What do you think?
About what?
Play music in the back.
I like it.
Play to the foot.
That's what I'm doing.
You know something you have almost attempted being of, almost being the operative word.
Because I got an important heavy lunch date this afternoon.
Almost attempted me to listen.
Almost?
I just can't understand that.
I mean, are you really making a stopper?
Or is it, you know, I do have a good imagination.
Yes.
Not that good.
Well, who told you this?
Bees, somebody who's actually heard this.
Let everybody be heard.
It's everyone he was just the first one to say it.
Yeah.
Because when he heard us talking about that African drummer, he called it the call it up with.
Yeah.
He came to clarify another people verified what he clarified.
He they verified what he clarified?
I...
Laddy.
Wow.
And how long does the music go on?
I was just going to be a terrible drummer.
I had to say something.
I guess he's got to go on all the times what I hear.
No, all the time.
Lot of hairy carnage.
He's been a major my mum and called.
He's a major assigned.
She said 5.670560.
And pound five, take it up.
What's wrong with Motown in the back?
We're in a rough as he sings.
He's got a big car, you big car, well you're man.
Yes, you're man.
That's your goal, understand?
That's right.
You got a big car, you got a big car.
And at least on issue we got the Jingles.
C-K-L-W Motown Sound.
Right?
Right.
We got Jingles to go along with our music.
Maybe it's a format of change they just haven't told us yet.
Oh God, would that be greater one?
Absolutely.
Music.
All the hits.
All the time.
Like Mot would say, all the crap, all the slime.
Does anybody would say?
Don't, don't, don't go.
And he were still here.
We're saying God he's not here.
What do you think God?
I mean, it's like, great to the fort.
That's what I'm like the old days.
Okay, let's take a look at the calls.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, happy to hear you, by the way.
You know the thing with James and Jackson.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
How's that for T-Bow?
Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Aaron Neil, how are you doing today?
Okay, how are you doing?
Good, good.
This music behind the talk.
Is this the same guy who had a show after Dolphin Games?
Would he run post-game shows?
No.
No, I'm not sure.
He was doing Dolphin's post-game.
Oh, I didn't know that.
I don't know.
Listen, so I have no idea.
He was on the Dolphin Post-game.
Why would you ask?
Oh, he's fangs.
Yeah.
Oh, boy.
Well, at least I have you, and I still have the mad dog.
It's a good day.
Okay, good.
Good day.
Thank you.
Come with Q-A-M.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's the matter for you, huh?
What's the matter for you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I do some bags.
You can't believe we're going to get a thousand.
I keep saying that, and I really mean it.
It's just such a crappy pull.
Don't you think I should, like, say something tomorrow for the weekend?
I don't want to leave this up there all weekend.
Why not?
Yeah.
Why not?
You know, there are only certain kinds of pulls that are good enough to qualify
to stay up there for three solid days.
This is not one of them.
Georgia Grease, I'm sure.
Yeah.
Yes.
Week.
Chris, though, being lazy and fat.
You know, I mean, I'm lazy and fat, too, but not as lazy and fat as you are.
Don't want the fat part.
I'm kitchen.
I didn't, I mentioned on the ear about that dream feels.
I told you off the ear before the show.
Yeah.
And I'm really disappointed.
I must have done something wrong because before I was eating that stuff by the way,
I had a truck load and not only wasn't it good, but I still went out and got ice cream.
On top of that, the flaw.
What do you mean?
If that's supposed to do the ice cream.
I know that, but it didn't satisfy my-
It wasn't the ice cream of the guy.
It was crap and I had a big humongous bowl of it with low carb sauce.
It tasted really grainy or something.
Maybe I got a bad batch.
WDQA-M, hello.
Jesus, that's it.
WDQA-M, hello.
Hello, I'm Deliel.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
You should put a pair of most-
Like they have more swathe than America.
Should be more swathe than America.
Should go that way between you and me and Berli.
Let me ask you something.
How many marbles do you have in your mouth?
Just couple.
Okay.
Swan one.
QA-M, hello.
WDQA-M, hello.
WDQA-M, hello.
How are you doing?
Maybe explain this to you.
Jason Jackson shows two hours long under his voice for the two hours.
Neil God's higher show is either jazz or a drum solo.
Oh my God.
A drum solo from like a rock concert.
Not African drums or anything.
It's like a drum solo.
You know, it's going in there.
Symbols, drum symbols.
Something like the Godfather Sunday.
During the entire show?
The entire show.
Neil.
I'm trying to find a drum solo.
But it's an entire drum solo.
If I could listen to it, I'd rather go out of the video or something.
The whole show.
Yeah, well, that would be an improvement, I guess.
All right, maybe I explain this to you, Neil.
Okay, thank you so much for just supporting my life.
Oh yeah.
Ain't nothing like the real thing, baby.
Ain't nothing like the real thing, baby.
Now they're both dead.
So I guess they're not making a new music, Marvin and Tammy.
Yeah.
But they don't have to be alive if you're going to play in the bath.
Right?
Let's try it.
Only real loud, I mean.
Ain't nothing like the real thing, baby.
Until the needle just goes off the pin, you know, and just crumbles in half.
I don't think you can do that.
I think, I don't know.
I used to have a guy who worked for me in Kalamazoo on WTPS,
which is now a Florida station, by the way, the callators.
They're still on.
And he's just like, oh, just open the pot wide, you know,
and just lay the needle on the pin.
And we're just, what do you like to hear?
What do you like to hear?
What do you like to hear the drums?
You got them?
Please.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
I never thought you could tell me something or do anything that we're making
want to kill myself right on the end.
Hey, it's not after you thought you were about to use.
What are you worried about?
And that's not the point.
The fact that it's on purities is just part of the overall demolition.
Now, let's start making the violos now, man.
So the violins go.
Now, that's the actual music that he plays underneath the...
the talk and the film is really correct.
Even when there are guests on, does he have guests on the show?
I do not know.
Well how could he have guests on the show and have that music playing in the back?
Wouldn't it guess because he had taken a back?
Yes, actually, he does have guests.
He had Frank Haython, yes, there.
Okay, and the music is still playing while the guest is talking?
I do not know.
Well, let's find out.
Okay, that's enough of that, please.
I can't handle no more.
I can't take no more.
Kill it.
Can it.
Kill him.
Where did that concept come from?
Who came up with such an insane, such an idiotic, huh?
The pretty sure it was him.
Hmm.
Hmm.
We could do this too, you know.
Oh, sure. We could just let it go.
Back to the break.
Let's let the drums go.
Solo.
You know something, isn't the truth.
I'm going to tell you something right now.
Joe Bell needs us to be in a straight jacket.
We need to find a rubber rule.
Too late.
He needs to be in Ku Kruzness, okay?
Where's JP up there?
Whatever his name was.
Where's McWerphy when we need him?
McWerphy.
Where's McWerphy?
Where's McWerphy when we need him?
When I get done with her, she won't know whether we are working for a crazy man.
A crazy person.
Like that.
We gotta do it!
We gotta do it!
I am not gay.
I never have been gay.
But but but but kept by bad times.
But isn't that some guy with no way to get my arms apart?
art's about like six thousand dollars, you, hey though!
Uncontrovable, oily discharge.
Gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah!
My hardest part's the magic of this to connect a rack to the wall on tariffs.
Vlog me in agreement with me.
And see you in the home home.
You fairy.
Hey. She is a handsome woman.
This were a dictatorship it'd be a heck of a lot easier.
Just so long as I'm the dictator.
I am not gay.
I never have been gay.
That's a good looking guy.
I'm a commander guy.
We are the moon tonight.
And our culture is advanced beyond all that you can possibly comprehend with 100% of your brain.
That's how we define common art of the world.
I'm going to be a fucking fucking soldier.
I'm going to drag you up to do what?
Oh god, why did anybody tell you?
Oh my god, my insides are on fire!
Get the phone, call 911!
Okay, okay, I think it's all gone.
I don't want it.
Peter, I need you to hold my ear.
And how the fuck is there anyone out there make photo?
After all she's been through.
She lost her ass.
She went through a divorce.
She had two fucking kids.
Her husband turned out to be a user, a cheater, and now she's going through a custody battle.
All you people care about is readers and making money off of her.
She's a human!
Her song is called Give Me More for a Reason because all you people want is more and more and more and more!
Leave her alone!
You're like is she even performed for you fuckers?
Leave it alone!
When is it professional to publicly bash someone who's going through hard time?
Leave it alone!
Leave it alone!
Leave it alone right now!
I mean it.
Anyone who has a problem with her you deal with me.
You're fairie.
Don't hate me bro.
Don't hate me.
Don't hate me bro.
Don't hate me.
Don't hate me bro.
Don't hate me bro.
Don't hate me bro.
Don't hate me bro.
That's my favorite part.
Anyway it's 1249.
There's a few of the songs in the last year.
A few of the great songs in 2007.
And I sure hope the bread was on 11.
Yes.
It doesn't matter.
He's still talking gump and he's still not going to get an audience.
I never thought about that.
It doesn't matter what kind of thing.
He can be set in the world on fire with music behind his voice.
It's different.
Yeah and it's not going to matter.
It's moot.
He's still talking about games other men play with men who want to talk about that all day.
Nobody's going to look at that.
Hello.
That Jason Jerk show man.
It's the skisiest adios.
Scooby-Doo-Wat-Bong.
And I love the cheer.
Maybe that was Mel Tormay calling him.
What do you think?
From the other side.
The other side.
The other side.
The other side.
The other side.
The other side.
The other side.
The other side.
The other side.
WQWat.
What's up with Walker Texas Ranger having his nose inside my coca-vis rectum?
Yeah.
They're joined at the hip.
Yeah.
They definitely are.
I heard it getting them both.
Pete Silverman was saying that last night on MSNBC that it actually helped them with the younger generation, the older generation.
Yeah.
I don't know.
What all the older Nazis?
All right.
They could even eat anything I love you.
Okay, see you.
Yeah, there he is right there Chuck Norris, baby.
I rather see Gordon Norris.
And not with my coca-vis though.
You know Gordon Norris?
How about Pat Norris?
How about Charlie Norris, Jr.?
Hey Charlie over here.
Hit him again Charlie.
Oh, up in the air.
I'm out of shame.
I think you're addicted to the track now.
I might be.
Why?
I might be.
This guy is good, by the way.
This guy in the face.
You know it really helped me enjoy the track.
Why?
You know it really helps me enjoy the track.
What's that?
Getting paid to go there and free food.
What's that got there?
Getting paid to go there free food and actually going a couple of bucks.
Not really.
If they could arrange that.
I'd go there all the time.
Pretty good.
And where's my cut?
I know who needs half of that chicken neck.
If you've heard the sound on my phone yesterday, I'm just interested in watching TV,
mind my own business, the phone rings, which my phone doesn't ring a lot because not many people have this number of thank God.
And he is a bad, bad cold.
A hundred times worse than what you ever had this last time here.
And it sounded like he was like in the bag.
And it's Bokka.
And it's just the sound of the two words, so deep pressing.
Oh.
WQA and hello.
Subnil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing? Happy new year.
Good.
Question for you.
By the way, I mean, I guess nobody, the phones busy all the time and nobody has a damn thing to say, no?
That's correct.
That's been going for about 10 years now, yeah?
Yeah.
Well, let's talk.
Keep up the good work anyway.
But I had a question for you.
And George, two sharp minds like yourself.
Do you guys invest any of your money?
Like in stocks, or really stay anything like that?
No chance.
I picked pennies.
I already went to that once.
I don't play that game anymore.
No.
There's no reason to worry.
I'm gonna give it all in.
I'm gonna give it all in.
I'm gonna give it all in.
I picked pennies.
You got more chances gambling, huh?
Well, at least you get a little entertainment anyway.
All right.
Sounds good.
I'll let you guys talk.
I don't remember what you were.
I was money.
I was a soon-parted, sir.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
You were a young man.
You have your whole life ahead of you.
Don't do it.
Take me to the foot of the George Washington Bridge.
Let's take a look and see how it's doing today.
Okay, if the S&P is down, which I already know it is.
Oh, boy.
There are fewer rounds of golf.
There's the gambling channel.
And we're talking about golf.
S&P is down precipitously 23 in the third points.
The Dow is down 178 plus.
The Nasdaq is down 67 points.
And oil is sitting there 97-73.
Just bubbling under $100 of barrel.
Bubbling under.
And they're talking four bucks a gallon for gas.
This is early in this spring.
Thank you, Mr. President.
Again, for the great deal.
All the dead people in the low-gast prices.
Thank you for butchering up the world.
And making everybody hate us like poison.
WDQA and hello.
Yale.
Yes, sir.
I need to advice.
I'm right in the area of Pompoville Park.
Should I go in there for half an hour or return to work?
I'll hang up with your answer.
Okay.
Yeah, go in there in the tea room, sir.
Sit down and tap your toe a little bit.
Show your foot over onto the stall next to your tap your toe a little.
And see what happens.
Maybe one of those good pies.
Maybe Jim Vogel will be in the stall next to you.
Never know.
WQA and hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm fine.
I haven't had access to a radio this morning.
So I'm sorry if you've already talked about it.
But yeah, I know your opinion.
What do you, what's your take on Barack Obama's victory yesterday?
Did you see that as a good thing or?
Well, because I support him, I would have to see this as a good thing, wouldn't I?
But yeah, I mean, I support him.
I think it's great since Hollivan, man.
I agree.
I just I'm not sure whether the, whether the conservatives would be so sneaky
is to try to prop him up because they think he's beatable.
I mean, well, maybe I'm just saying paranoid, but you know, I don't know.
I got news for us, sir.
There is no and we saw last night.
There is nobody among the Democrats more beatable than swore.
Okay.
She's the beatable one.
Yeah, I got to agree with you.
I'm relieved that she didn't take it a while.
Oh, thanks for that.
Thanks me.
I thought you were opinion.
Thanks.
Okay. Good luck to you, sir.
We'll leave it.
A lot of new voters, a lot of independence.
They broke the record.
And of course, it goes to show you the democratic turnout.
There is going to be an eye, the public people living and breathing people under the age of 100,
they're pissed off and fired up.
I mean, the old farts, they're going to be dead pretty soon anyway.
They don't care.
So put swillery in there.
She's an ice-carrow, you know, stupid crap like that.
But the living and breathing people whose lives, hopefully most of it, is ahead of them,
they're pissed off there with this crap.
This isn't the kind of world they want to live in.
And so that's why they were motivated to come out in gigantic living and breathing huge numbers last night.
And he just crushed, he crushed her among the younger voters, crushed her and among younger women too.
Swillery.
See, this is what happens when you assume when you go in here, just like how her dean thought he headed in the bag.
It's in the sack.
And I still say, so I'm delighted that he won, especially by eight points.
But the system there, that caucus thing, you have to be a crazy person.
What word did you say?
Caucus.
Michael Dune, caucus.
Scully.
It's fine, Mr. Jackson.
What's up, it's Jackson, if you're nasty.
Nasty, boys.
How you doing?
Yeah.
I'm doing good.
Are we on the air?
We're just going to spin some stool.
Okay.
See, see, a light that says on the air.
No, we're not here.
Thank you very much.
We got your boy, freaking, I mean, this is just like a poker game.
No, glad.
Like I had to listen to Neil for like 30 seconds.
And of course, those 30 seconds are his listeners just balled in me at the end.
Oh, that's what happens.
No, yeah, there's no two ways about that.
That nobody has courage to tell somebody we're on a freaking ball club here.
No.
Well, it's unbelievable.
They're all gathered here in the icy Craig Mish.
Yeah, I'm glad everybody's here.
Everybody's here.
Hey, Craig, how are you?
He doesn't hear you.
So what is this?
You basically just gathered up the poker game, basically.
Yeah, basically, but call the Friday Force and we'll take three topics.
Okay.
We'll have one in the first segment, two in the second segment.
Okay.
We'll run it around.
I'll create kind of an order so that we're not out of control.
Okay.
But if you want to go over the top, let's start barking.
I will do that to both of them.
Because I'll just position the same issue.
Okay.
Yeah, definitely everybody.
Okay.
You know, it's the McLaughlin group.
All right.
What are we going on?
On crack.
We'll have to sing with all kinds of kinsmen.
With fun bags.
With fun bags downstairs.
Are you, what are the topics?
What are we doing?
Spending forward.
Who coaches this team?
Who coaches the fans?
Okay.
Second segment.
That's the whole first segment.
Okay.
Second segment.
Fix the heat.
Oh, okay.
Fix the heat.
Okay.
And then real quick, we'll do a quick round robin at the end.
Who's going to win the national championship?
All right.
We'll do that.
Those are right.
Those are right for you.
Sounds good.
My man.
My man, you coming through like, Big Doc, I got to send you a gift.
Up top.
Yeah.
Okay.
Is that the right spot right here?
Okay.
Oh, well, you know what?
No, no, big head.
There we go.
That's okay.
I just wanted to make sure I got to my melanin.
All right.
Let me see.
Ethan talked to me, bud.
I'm here with you.
I love it.
Mm-hmm.
I'm feeling it.
We got Israel and Reynolds on the earth.
I think they're going to start getting them on the one of the ASAP.
All right.
Sounds good.
We're here, Allison.
Now you can see Allison over there.
So she's talking to somebody.
Okay.
Here are a little teeny bits so she can hear the show.
Are you getting arrested for tax fraud?
What's going on?
What's that?
No.
You know what?
Apparently in 2004, which I think where was I in 2004?
Was I here yet?
Yeah, I was here.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh, you're right now?
You want to get it?
Okay.
No problem.
Okay, you can knock that out.
So where's Allison?
Allison, is there anybody besides this confirm?
Is Laura Green going to come on?
Okay.
For this, for this moment, where I have to like do an open,
you're too far away.
I can't hear you, but.
Okay.
So I can't, so I can promote the force of it.
That's pretty much it.
Allison, I know you hate talking on the microphone, but I can't hear you.
Okay.
You all need to talk to each other because I can't give you an open
without knowing who the guest is.
You know what I'm saying?
Right with me summit.
Okay.
Okay.
I'm not going to cut any more.
I appreciate it.
We've done it at three o'clock.
Everyone to come check us out.
Do you want me to just walk out?
Okay.
I appreciate it.
All right.
There's a real low-key Barack Obama supporter who obviously hates
Bill Bennett almost as much as I do.
Hey, Bill Bennett, you're a tub of crap and a hypocrite and a liar and a phony.
Hope you lose your ass, you tub of garbage.
What did they need him to?
They had like 85 other people on there.
What other did they need him there for?
For the Nazi viewpoint?
God, what a jackass.
WDQA, hello.
Yeah, I hope Barack wins because no one's going to vote for a black guy nationally.
You guys are just not George Bush, 142,000.
Yeah, nationally.
Nationally.
Nationally.
Hey, listen, say hi to Fidel, by the way.
Give me a big kiss on the ass.
Nationally.
Learn to speak English, okay?
And that's not like you just jumped off the damn raft.
Pathetic.
Nationally.
And nobody's going to vote for a black guy.
Iowa has like 70-some percent white people.
There's almost no, and plus a few Mexicans that jammed in there.
There's almost very, very minimal black people in Iowa.
And yet he won in a glanslide.
How do you like that, sir?
Surprise, even though George agrees with you.
Hey, I hope not.
WDQA, hello.
Hey, Neil, the bad reason that Barack Obama won't make it is because he makes too much dang sense.
He's too qualified to be president of the United States.
Yeah.
Britain.
There's a guy who thought he was very clever.
I bet he worked on it all morning long.
He's been working on it.
I've been working on the rail road all the live long day.
What is that song?
I've been working on a railroad.
I think that's what it's called in.
Oh, is that what it's called?
That's what you call it.
Or the old folks back home.
Is that what it's called?
Stephen Foster, maybe.
I wonder if he's kin to Foster Hewitt.
WDQA, and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
It sounds like he's been in a very good mood this week.
Any reason in particular?
Well, he's only a couple of months.
He wants to know the story of my life.
No, not in the mood.
Yeah, good.
How's that?
I'll be here.
Yeah, nice to hear.
Okay, go back to New York.
You ferry.
WDQA, and hello.
I dream.
WDQA, and hello.
Yeah, why did you say you would never go to a satellite?
Because they're not going to hire me.
They're not paying anybody any money.
That's why.
They're not paying anybody.
Other than Howard Stern, who's taking all the money from serious,
there is nobody making any serious suicide money.
Why?
Marthus Stewart.
Yeah, you can do it.
Oh, Marthus Stewart.
That's heavy duty, Ben.
I sure like to follow her.
She's getting 40 million a year.
Well, isn't that a sad comment here that they're paying that pay?
It's 40 million.
They've got nothing left for anybody else.
What about Oprah?
What about her?
She's getting some million a year.
And what are you getting?
I know what I'm getting a headache from this call.
WDQA, and hello.
Neil, what's up?
Yes, sir.
Question.
You watched CNN over Keith Overland?
I watched them both back and forth.
Yeah, because Keith is my favorite now.
He's really good.
That's all back to Keith.
See you.
Yeah, I watched him back and forth.
Chris, Matthews was also on there.
See you neglected to mention that.
I wasn't just Keith Overland by himself.
And the thing with Keith that bugs me is that,
and I like what he says.
I mean, he's the only, he's the great white hope, you know, on TV.
But it just doesn't piss me off that he's stabbed.
I'mus in the back, which I have great disrespect for people
in this business who play games like that.
But it also bugs me that he just, he tries too hard to be this,
I don't know, he wants to be a cross between himself and Jack Capredy.
He wants to be the cramudgeant.
And he gets that uncontrollable, starts with that grin and laughing.
It's stuff that's not even slightly amusing.
Just just a little bit too full of yourself, Keith.
You're doing a good job, but a little too full of cramp.
So I switched back and forth.
Yeah, I want to see Wolf Blitzkrieg and the 85 commentators they had on there.
Poor Donna Brazill didn't even let her say hello or goodbye,
which is fine because she's, yeah, she didn't have much to say.
She's bugged good buddies with Hillary.
Donna Brazill, she's part of establishment.
Well, you don't understand that it's the establishment.
Right.
Birds of a feather drink from the well together.
WQA and hello.
It puts the ball in the bar.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
You got a guy called up.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Tells you the male speaking.
We're going on now.
What do you got?
Hey, I already said 40 miles.
Yeah, I'm right.
Dumber than four particles of sawdust.
That's you sir.
Look in the mirror.
Sawdust for a little pieces of it.
Or maybe piece of that too.
WQA and hello.
And, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is Chuck Norris.
Yeah, Chuck.
Hey, up Chuck.
That's what you make me want to do.
Up Chuck.
He's glued to my cock of a aside, man.
He's like a cling on.
Always with that big smile, that exact red smile.
Oh, listen to what Mike is saying.
Oh, is it a great?
Oh, man, ha, hallelujah.
Let's take back the country for Christ.
Hey, Jesus, baby.
You know something I do.
I think we said this the other day.
I do hope they nominated Huckabee.
Even though, of course, it's scary,
because he still would have the chance to win.
But there's somebody that the public
in the A never going to elect.
Everyone Pat Robertson tried his big runs.
Oh, yeah.
And the public said, oh, no, not a real crazy getchki.
Although they got one in there now.
And maybe that's a good thing that they had the experience.
9.76 out of your pool.
You got 1,000 left.
There's that drool in Yehu, Johnny Edwards,
who was speaking last night until I thought he was going to talk
until everybody just collapsed.
Papa, papa, papa, ah, and ah, even his wife
started like kneeing him in the nuts a couple of times.
You know, that's the wife with the breast cancer,
but we're not supposed to, well, we'd like to be reminded about that a lot.
I'm surprised you didn't mention it last night
during his speech, during his losing speech.
Although he edged out swallery, that was the good news.
But they spent all of their money there and all their time.
And they kept saying, oh, if Edwards loses here, he's done.
Guess what, Johnny, boy?
You're done.
Wow, how you doing, honey?
This is Bill Clinton, the president of the United States.
And this is my state of the women's dress.
I've known a few girls who thought they were pretty hot,
but Millie's here to tell you that girl.
You're not.
They used to wear makeup and whip away pants.
But when they looked at me, they were under my choice.
Wow, you think you're special?
Wow, you think you're something else.
So Paula Jones, you got a new nose.
That dome impressed me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, you got the brain, you got the touch.
Now don't get me wrong, well, I'll bring cure all right.
But that won't give me one, never mill all the night.
That dome impressed me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Let's live long, Johnny.
Ha, ha, ha.
I'd like you to remember this one.
She had a plate recorder that she kept on her phone.
And after she ate steak, she would bury the bone.
She got herself some lipo and a tummy tuck.
But she still has ugly as a hockin' plug.
Wow, she's like she's something special.
Wow, she's like she's something else.
So when the trip got some surgery,
That dome impressed me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch,
Now don't get me wrong, yeah, I'll bring cure all right.
But that won't give me one, never mill all the night.
That dome impressed me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
I forgot everybody.
Yeah, I'm on this next one.
A big, chunky girl with a purple beret.
That damn gap dress nearly to me away.
Well, secret meetings of my car with no more.
I could've told Wil Chamberlain the hottest score.
Well, she's like she's something else.
So Monica, you lost 40 pounds.
That dome impressed me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch,
Now don't get me wrong, yeah, I'll bring cure all right.
But that won't give me one, never mill all the night.
Ha, ha, ha.
That dome impressed me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
I've saved the best for last.
Well, I've tried to cut the brakes on her car.
No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with get a star.
When she gives birth, I think her offspring should hatch.
Big old wigs, M&S too much.
Oh, she thinks she's special.
Wreck them up.
Oh, she thinks she's something else.
Oh, so Hillary, you're going to be a senator from New York.
That dome impressed me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch,
Now don't get me wrong, yeah, I'll bring cure all right.
But that won't give me one, never mill all the night.
Ha, ha, ha.
That dome impressed me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Like you, that is my standard of women dress.
I love you.
Okay, 20 after 1 at 560, nobody's here.
We love you too, but we hate your wife.
983 on the pool.
We'll get over a thousand of that crappy Johnny Depp pool.
I'll put a different pool on there for the weekend. Trust me.
I got something rather amusing to tell you.
What's that?
All right.
Now you will. I mean both of you.
All right.
Uh, but you must know because you just sent me the fans.
Yeah, yeah, we were talking about that.
I just sent an email from one of my spies.
I don't want to mention Brandon.
Likewise, I got a text.
Who did you?
Sure.
Yeah, it did.
And it's got what he was ripping me in.
I got a text article.
No, no, just.
I didn't hear that part.
That we were.
I will keep order.
I will keep order.
Huh?
Neil could, that's what he's saying.
He will keep order.
I don't understand.
Could you please explain exactly what I was listening to on the unit for about 10 minutes.
It sounded like backstage of the Jackson Jason Jerk show preparing to go on here.
That's exactly what it was.
How that kids on there, I have no idea.
Crystal, explain it.
About how long.
I'm going to give you this.
I'm going to give you this.
If you give me a second, they're going to be doing interviews.
I guess that they can't do during the show.
So we are the transmitter.
The problem was the person who made us the transmitter didn't also make us the internet.
Why?
So, okay.
We are the transmitter.
Yeah, like this room is now going directly to the transmitter instead of being run through the board in the other room.
You know that?
You know that?
You have to pot us up in the morning and sometimes don't wait until like the last second to pot us up.
Yeah.
All right, well instead of that, we are going directly to the transmitter.
Yeah.
So what they did.
They were on Monday when they couldn't give the dancing on the unit.
Exactly.
Well, they just, they forgot, the person who switched over forgot to also make us directly to the internet.
So the internet was hearing the other room still.
Yeah.
So they were getting ready to do the interview and people were getting an inside look at what happens off air.
I will keep order.
I will keep order.
What does that mean?
I don't know what we're going to hear the whole thing at some point, right?
We are?
We're supposed to.
Oh, yes.
Come on.
I'll find Monday.
Give it up.
We are the world.
Where's that coming from?
Me?
Marietta?
Oh, because Chris kept saying we are the transmitter and we are the...
Oh, we are.
Yeah, we are.
Wow.
1987 on the server, let's get that Johnny Depp over 1000.
He won't care.
He lives in France, doesn't he?
Most of you, Johnny, what is...
Yes, that's that.
That's fact.
Because he thinks he was a fascist, hateful rotten in the place.
Got a pretty good pointer to there, Johnny.
Dominic Huray and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, buddy?
I guess you guys were just talking to my...
Yeah, I was going to tell you on your last break.
We heard everything that they were talking about on the internet.
And what did he say?
Well, he didn't have anything nice to say about you.
I'll tell you that.
Well, what did he say?
I'm not going to start any controversy.
Have a good day.
Okay, see, he's just talking crap.
He didn't hear anything.
I mean, anybody that heard it, they would have told me what he said.
I don't mind.
He can take all the shots he wants.
It's called Schmidt-Fishman.
Erickett, lift that out there.
He can do what?
Lift it.
Lift it?
Yeah.
Cut and taste it.
I can lift it too.
Okay, you?
What's it sound like I'm doing?
Doesn't take much effort.
Let's see.
Let me just check.
Maybe I have another fiery port on here.
One moment, please.
I will send you the audio.
I know for a fact I heard your name in there.
But the line was, I will keep order.
I don't know what that means.
Do you have any idea what that means?
No.
No, no, no.
Just speculate all day long.
WDQ-A-N, hello.
Q-A-N, hello.
Anyhow.
Yes, sir.
Anyhow, by the way, what Jackson did say about you was that he did hear the bongo drums for about 30 seconds.
He did say, oh, he says, you know, that guy just rolls me up and, you know, and everything.
At all.
Oh, that's over.
Yeah.
I rile him up.
Good.
Let's roll Jackson up.
Okay.
Rile him up.
All right.
Oh, oh, oh.
See, somebody are all new people.
I'm going to get to you, Emma.
I'll get to the real story.
But isn't there some way we don't want to put that on the ear on the ear because that only knows what he might say.
See, this is part of the problem.
What's going on is that we got too many things going on at the same time, just like with all the ball games on the weekend.
And all those switches.
We never did mention that on the ear.
What got all screwed up on Monday?
No.
Was that the remote children and never again over the weekend punching a bunch of buttons that nobody ever dreamed out of be touched that are always in the same position.
And they weren't.
And so we couldn't give them any money.
So you want to spit through the wrong dips with some idiot.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's something that never gets touched.
We're as opposed to that.
I got that.
And it never gets touched.
Well, yeah.
It is.
I know.
I can't steal.
Yes.
Awesome.
I was sawing Iowa caucuses last night and Barack Obama is a nigger.
Great.
Well, that's going to go on ear, right?
But it got all right.
Of course not.
But of course not.
Don't start hesitating near Chris.
Oh, he did that one day.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
I was just saying it.
Heading behind.
What?
Got dropped.
No.
Yeah.
Call up and say something really obnoxious and hateful.
And we can be damn sure it'll be on the ear.
Not.
Those are the real intelligentsia.
You'll see any.
I'll say you.
Well, yeah.
And not only that, but the engineers coming this afternoon and my dump plant might actually work again sometime before the end of the contract.
That'd be a good poll.
A good poll question to take.
What's going to end first?
Neil's contract or the technical problems.
988 on the Johnny Depp movie pool.
Pirates of the Caribbean.
First one.
On 152, I hate Johnny Depp on 37.
That's where the battle lies.
And Donnie Bransko, which is the right answer, is got 93.
This is what biggest names.
The best out of two.
This is Neil Rogers.
4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
My name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, lets get the information from me.
Okay, do I hold back?
It was a nice greeting and i am fond of Election security for college student.
To create new changes.
It was a nice greeting and i are fond ofDon Housicate.
How good.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
What do you like?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
What do you like to make it a point?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay, I will talk to you in a time, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello?
9.95, and you're pulled.
We've got a half hour to get 5 votes.
I think we can do that.
Even with Johnny Depp, then.
Now, let's see how many people said they never saw any of the movies.
Let's see that.
Never saw any.
You got 20.
20.
See, that's a lot.
That's probably a lie, too.
Maybe they're blind.
That's 2% of the whole are crowned.
Never saw any Johnny Depp move.
What's possible?
Do you ever see any Sir Lawrence Olivier movies?
Yeah, I'm sure.
Do you see Lawrence of Arabia?
Yeah, with Peter O'Toole.
Peter's what?
Tool.
Liberal filmmaker Michael Morse is Thursday's Iowa caucus results to demonstrate a
deafening repudiation of the war in Iraq.
And I would say you are absolutely correct.
If you're a candidate for president, you voted for the war you lose.
And if you voted and you voted and you voted for the war, and you never once showed any
remorse, you really lose more vote in an open under his supporters.
In short, if he had something to do with keeping us in the war for 4 plus years, you're
not allowed to be the next president of the USA.
Noting one time from under senators, Willary Clinton's stunning drop to third place when
a record number of Iowa and showed up at caucuses around the state, Morse said the former
first lady suffered because of her emphasis on the political calculus.
I can't tell you how bad I feel for Senator Clinton tonight.
I don't believe she ever really was for this war more road, but she did and continued
to do what she thought was the politically expedient thing to eventually get elected.
And she was wrong.
And tonight she must go to sleep on her and what would happen if she had voted her conscience
instead of her calculator.
More praise for Senator John Edwards' surprise second finish in his call for complete withdrawal
of US troops from Iraq.
Obama's victory represented a historic moment to filmmakers at an attorney point in a
political force available to young Americans.
I know that Senator Obama's so much more than simply the color of his skin, but all of
us must acknowledge and celebrate the fact that one of the whitest states in the US is voted
for a black man to be our next president, he wrote, thank you Iowa for this historic moment.
Thank you for at least letting us believe that we're better than what we often seem to
be, and we have so many young people come out and vote and vote for Obama.
This is a problem.
It all began with the record you've turned out in 2004, the only age group that carried
one, and they came back out tonight on force.
Among the top stories from Thursday night and more as view were the more than 230,000
Democrats who showed up to caucus nearly double the Democratic turnout from 2004, and
more than twice the Republican turnout last night.
More warned Obama that Republicans wouldn't go quietly if he prevailed to the general election,
and he questioned the Illinois Senators' commitment to universal health care.
So Barack, you can talk all you want about, let's put the partisanship aside, let's all
get along, but the other side has no intention of being anything but the bullies they are.
Get your game face on now, and if you can't tell me why you're now the second largest
recipient of health industry pay-o-lifetime your Hillary.
You now take more money from the people committed to stopping universal health care than any
of the Republican candidates more wrote.
Despite what your answer may be, I was proud to sit in my living room tonight and see
you and your family up on that stage.
We became a bit better tonight, and on that I'll close by saying sweet dreams, and on
that other totally white state, New Hampshire.
That's Michael Moore's take.
And I got to be honest with you, a couple of these
facts that last when you said he was very amusing.
I'm not going to read it, but it might be the case.
It might be true, yeah.
Well, at least that he said that, it's not the case that we know of.
And that's something you're all the way up there, who knows what we know is going to do.
Why? Behind your back.
Yeah, well listen, I'm pretty clever.
I'm pretty creative, man.
Yeah.
You're desperate.
You've got to be creative.
We've got a thousand votes, Chris.
There you go on this crappy Johnny Depp movie pool.
I told you I guess it wasn't as crappy as I thought.
It was okay.
Exactly.
It wasn't great.
But I will keep order.
Nobody's going to mess with my game plan.
I'm telling you that right now with my gauge, and I will keep order.
WQA, and hello.
Hey.
Yeah.
I'm great, Bidell, and I'm on a Cockersouth floor.
That's good.
He's on a what?
Dump it.
I think he said, I don't know what he said.
He's got a conquer.
Oh, he's got a conquer.
I thought he said something.
I know filthy mind there.
Oh, well, that's after reading that last facts about Jack.
I know.
Sent us another facts about Jack's.
So what's the story?
Is that thing still going on on the internet or not?
No, no, no, no, no, it got switched while you.
What do you mean by that?
So I don't understand.
I didn't understand the thing that you were saying, and that's why George and I were
both playing the scenario and stuff and the bad thing.
Yeah, because it was really ponderous.
Someone didn't push a button that they needed to do.
Oh, somebody didn't push a button again.
We got too many button pushers, Manacue I am.
So when a friend of the show let me know about it, I left a push the button.
A friend of his show, I don't know what he's having.
They're laughing at Barack Obama.
He's the man I've told you in a long time ago.
He is so heads and shoulders above these other establishment types.
They're on big round of balls.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Wait, before you go.
All right, I'm going to.
Yeah, they're going to interrupt the course because we don't want to give him too much
of your time.
Let's put my cuckabee on there for a half hour, talking about praising God and Jesus and
the Yushki and all that other goysha crap.
Let's put that on.
Let's put this David Gurganon.
He hasn't had enough of your time.
But the election, oh, see there you go.
They put on what I just say, huckabee, right?
Gotta see him again.
And there's Chuck Norris with him again this time.
Well, that's right.
Look at that.
Chuck is right behind him underneath him.
In fact, he's got his nose in my back.
Look at that.
WDQ way in.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, good one.
WDQ way in.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Something to me.
I think it's getting on there.
It's getting on there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let me ask you this.
Why do I care?
Well, I don't know.
You guys always talk about not wanting to get on there and just what?
You know what it is.
Okay, thanks for the bad news.
Okay, let me double check that.
Okay, you think it's not on there and this guy says it is.
Let's see what my correspondent Brandon says.
I thought I wanted to mention his name.
Now, he didn't send me anything new.
I read his last post there.
Nothing new.
So I don't think it's still.
You know what?
Who cares?
It's not a good vaccine.
You want to why say that?
Why?
Because I will keep orders.
Neil God.
I thought Christie and he was fairy tales.
Huh?
This religious thing was not for me.
Absolutely.
I was a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
damage.
And you will see who is compromising the American people's interest, who is looking
out for drug companies insurance companies, instead of you.
Losing his voice but obviously
Interrupting again at pitch.
L-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l.
Pass that pitch.
Her own fill-ups on C.N.
Take her out.
L-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-w-l-l-l-l-l.
I flat my tongue to the feet,
O-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l.
What is it that I do, ill forgive me?
Too firm, does now I speak in time.
L-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l.
That makes me a believer,
And they won't let Barack speak on scene and they give him about ten words and just when
he's at a rally in Concord, New Hampshire, by the way, I just thought I mentioned that
in passing and he will win New Hampshire, you'll see.
Guess what I found?
What's that?
Where all the sports writers went.
What do you mean by that?
The part of the feed that was on the internet, that was them getting ready for a Friday
segment where he has Ethan Skolnik, Tim Rental 3 AP, Tim Rental and then Israel Gutierrez
of the Harold.
On Israel Gutierrez from the Harold.
Israel.
All on a round table.
Yeah.
And that was what the people who were listening to us on the internet.
Well, it's a good thing it's a very wrong table because they tried to square table on
Kenny and Bo and look what that's it.
Yeah, so that's what everybody was hearing when they weren't hearing us for the four or
five minutes.
And so no one really told us what was exactly said.
So we'll find out.
We'll find out when Eric sent us the feed and we'll know about it.
No, I guess not.
No, who's the other one?
Back in the day of Kimyan Bo.
Well, here's the facts.
Did George die or something?
Right here.
You don't want to talk about this.
What am I going to say?
Talking about what?
The sports writers.
You better get with it, Mr. Ambo.
I am with it.
But I don't think.
The fact is, Haney and George, the fact that Obama won and on top of that by a decent
margin, gives me hope.
And here, I mean, some of you people need help.
It says, Huckabee is a moderate Democrat and wolf's clothing.
A moderate Democrat, Bible thumping, nut case.
It says, I think we should all brown to get some out because I think most people can see through him.
I think Huckabee would be harder to beat in the general.
Right.
Anybody who isn't a board again, in fact, he's finished fourth among those who were not
board again Christians in Iowa last night.
Huckabee.
What do you call him?
Huckabee.
Huckabee.
Huckabee.
Held.
Thank the Lord, Joe Rose got rid of J.J.
It says he's absolutely unlistenable.
He is stale, but he thinks he isn't.
George was so right earlier when he belonged for motor return, you guys tweaking that old
bastard with some of the best radio ever.
The reason I put J.J.
and I saw this on the program director, I've a job down the road looking for his replacement
same old.
Now that's not the reason the reason he's already on a payroll and they just, you know,
don't want to pay two people to do one show in the morning.
It's part of the massive cost coming, cutting blood bath at Q.A.M.
We don't want to pay anybody not and work on that payroll.
And of course, once they go out of business across the street, then they can hire like all
the people that are in that room right now, around their round table.
That will be the staff.
And thank God we have somebody to keep order when we put them on the air.
That will be the staff.
Plus we might bring through Rosenstein back a little bit and Alex Marvez.
Oh, Alex, you're so great, Alex.
Remember those days?
You don't because you didn't listen to him, right?
I did.
Well, I had to because I'd be sitting here in the morning waiting for you to show up and
I'd be that potted up and there would be.
Oh, Alex, would you please come back tomorrow?
Of course, you're on the payroll, Alex.
See, they want to cut everybody else's pay, but they don't want to let the world know
how much they've pee down the toilet.
All these no-town ambassadors who kill the ratings.
No, we don't want to do that.
That would be bad.
Make us look bad.
We let the world know the real truth about Joe Bell.
As in.
And I don't want to say I told you so, but guess what?
I sure told you so about him and that Hank Guerrero guy.
Well, you told me so.
Yes, we're a sales guy.
Hey, he's the one that gets your dollar mattress back.
I got news for, okay, I had dial mattresses been on with me for 10 years, okay?
I need that from him that he probably dropped the ball before the holidays anyway.
He's the one that did this.
Yeah.
You're such a, you're such a plus man.
You're pathetic.
You are pathetic.
I thought Josh Cortes had his weak moments, but I got news for it.
You're such a, you're such a, for 40 cents an hour, he uses the mean yourself to the
poor way when to suck their ass.
Huh?
Yeah, it's 45 cents.
Shame on you.
Shame on you.
Hank Guerrero, when's the last time he came in there to confabulate on his show?
When's the last time?
Is your memory that good?
I thought this year.
Probably since Faso the Overdose probably never since you've been there.
I don't know if he was in here once maybe.
He was what?
He was in here once maybe to do what?
Get some free food maybe.
See that's one thing I've discovered over the years is that a lot of people you almost
never see but when there's a whole bunch of food and this was true to IOD too.
Remember those days?
Mm-hmm.
When a free food would show up, under be like tons and like a buffet, you know?
And all of a sudden all these people who hated you like poison and me and what and the
show all of a sudden they'd come in there like oh yeah let's hop up some of the free food
here.
Here's the pool I haven't been reading the whole thing because there's too many movies
on there and it's boring anyway but we're almost done anyhow.
We got it we got to keep order around here you know what?
Play some of those bongos now you got it?
Well, you were excited to just read the whole whole thing.
What's your favorite Johnny Depp movie?
We have astonishingly a thousand thirteen books.
Pirates of the Caribbean, 157.
Do you want to know why?
Why?
Because it's the most recent one anybody saw.
That one in the A2 and 3.
I hate Johnny Depp on 159.
Well shame on you 139 hate Johnny Depp.
Based on what?
Johnny Brasco 97?
Blow!
87.
Edward Cieserhand 74.
Edward 66.
Eddie Eddie.
Come see me Eddie.
Here I'm loading in Las Vegas 57.
Pretty suck.
What's eating Gilbert?
Who's eating Gilbert's grapes?
43.
Quiltful in 31.
And every Johnny Depp movie is 24.
We got many people in case you haven't figured it out yet from the colors.
A lot of people never get out of the house very much.
And that's a good thing for us.
Don Juan de Marco 23.
Sleep your hollow 21.
Once upon a time in Mexico 19.
The 19.
19.
Charlie in the chocolate factory 18.
Vinnie in June 18.
From hell 14.
Finding Neverland 13.
Chopper Lot 13.
A Seeker window 12.
Grave will be bad ending.
Terrible ending.
A nightmare on Elm Street 12.
Pirates of the Caribbean 211.
Pirates of the Caribbean 3.
10.
Cry 8010.
That's another one where they had a freak his appearance up pretty good.
When a silly curly a spick girl.
Tweeny Todd 8.
Dead man 7.
Corpse bride 3.
Private resort 3.
Crank up those drums a little bit.
I can barely hear them.
The man who cried too.
Nickety time 2.
And none for the liver team before night falls.
The astronauts wife, the brave, or Freddy's dead fun nightmare.
All those life 4 or 5 they're gone.
Oh, they go nothing.
Oh, I think we got a cook and we're going to keep order man in the new year starting Monday.
We're going to keep some very serious order on the show and play some really loud.
You know, how does it play out loud in the background?
I don't know.
Don't you know?
Do you know that?
No, that's because you don't listen.
I think I can make all those caustic comments affecting that show when you don't even listen to it.
And the last break I just noticed is only 3 and a half minutes.
Boy how the mighty a fallen man.
The sales department we had no avails for the longest time.
And now all of a sudden I start seeing some real slippage here.
I wonder if Hank Guerrero has involved me in that.
Do you think you're the close personal buddy Hank Guerrero?
I don't know.
I wonder if you're Yahoo!
You know who he was my girl?
John Henry.
The salesman.
All right, our line of draw.
I don't know that.
I'm really heavy to the...
It's kind of like Phil Sim.
It's Chris with No One in the fog.
The sideline.
You know, the sideline.
Who run these sidelines?
Yeah.
But it would Phil Sim's, I think, a lot of his fake.
You know, it makes it even more annoying.
More aggravating.
I think the most annoying human being on the face of the earth is Phil Sim.
Even more of the Chanishar?
Well, I didn't say it literally.
I said annoying.
There is a difference.
Chanin has an excuse.
Phil Sim don't have one.
I think TOTY Syracusa is kind of annoying.
Oh my god, annoying.
A annoying and fat.
And he says nothing.
He says nothing.
Okay, let's keep him a little more around here.
