I am an imbecile.
And now, a holiday tradition.
It's a wonderful life.
You know it's great to be alive, brothers.
There's so much I didn't realize.
So much to do, yeah.
I think I'll go listen to my Judas Priest albums.
Yeah.
Oh!
I am a dog foot number one.
Yes, brother.
I am a dog foot.
I am a dog foot.
I am a dog foot number one.
Okay, that's enough.
Let's not get carried away.
Okay, let's not overdo it.
10-07 at WIOD.
Happy Victory Day to you, man.
It's a little bit better last week.
Oh, jeez, look at that!
Oh, man, I just dropped my thing all over the damn mouth.
That's an omen.
I think it's time to go home right now.
Okay.
Let's put on some more tapes.
Let's talk about that operation again, shall we?
I'm going to tell you, this is the schlockest radio market.
Even you people in Fort Myers are like major league compared to this town.
Plan the best of again, the best of the best of tapes that you've heard.
Like, the audience has gone to a point now that can recite the shows verbatim by rote, as Kyle would say.
It's amazing.
How many times have we heard that tape about the post-gall bladder operation already?
About 110?
Hi, this is Mory Fovitch, wishing you a happy Hanukkah.
Yeah, 10-18 at WIOD.
It's the Kakamon lady.
That is.
Why?
Thanks for calling, Kakamon.
I want to tell you, my nephew was in from New York and Naples for a couple of days.
Yes.
And he called me.
He's listening to the program.
Are you serial on 770 No Doubt?
Right, right.
Out of beautiful estero, Florida.
Isn't that at Naples, yeah?
Yeah.
Listen, I want to know, where did you buy the, uh, uh, uh, uh, trade-all?
I've never seen one.
I didn't buy that, Dreadel.
Oh.
One of our sales a whole, it gave it to me as kind of like a little gift.
It's just a little plastic chachki.
I don't know where she is.
Uh-uh.
Tina.
And I want to tell you, I watched that landing, uh, Thursday.
Yeah.
It was awful.
Was it?
Did you see it?
No, I'm not, I'm giving it up.
I'm giving it up too.
And the interesting thing, now that I've given it up, all of a sudden they're going to put it on Friday and it's beating L.A. law and all of a sudden it's making a big comeback.
So I guess now that we gave it up on this show, maybe it'll put it over the top again.
Uh-huh.
But I can't, uh, it's just not interesting anymore.
Yeah, right, right.
They've killed everybody off.
Yeah.
Everybody's either killed off or they went on a bus to Florida to wait to die or something.
Right?
Uh-huh.
So my comment to, uh, to that show is...
Cock-a-mo.
Right, you got it.
And, uh, you got to Mommy's?
Oh, I'm going to Mommy's, all right?
Uh-huh.
Yep, I'll get another lecture on how I'm losing all my money at the track, get about how I'm drinking too much soda, and, uh, how I keep buying too many new cars.
And this one looks just like the other one.
Yeah.
All that out of good, uh, Cock-a-rye, right?
Not how Mommy's, uh.
Yes, that's how they are.
But you're not in the car anyway.
Oh, I'll listen anyway.
And you know what Mory says, don't you?
No.
Hi, this is Mory Fovitch, wishing you a happy Hanukkah.
Cock-a-mo.
Ha-ha-ha.
Happy Hanukkah to you.
Happy Hanukkah.
Hanukkah.
Have a great day.
Yes, you too.
Take care.
See ya.
Bye-bye.
Here's a mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
Stand by for one moment.
I'm standing.
Wait, one moment?
One moment, please.
Oh.
Okay.
Here's the volume here.
We're listening.
No.
You don't even make sense when you speak.
You contradict yourself every other sentence.
And you should be ashamed of yourself as a broadcaster.
Well, it's good to know that you are...
Well, what was that?
What was it?
That made a lot of sense.
We waited, not only one, we waited two moments.
And you played that crap.
I have no idea who that was or what it was, but I have a nice day.
Oh, and I got a letter.
This is the epitome of this entire state.
Here's a letter with handwriting that looks like it was written by somebody a hundred and said,
like by Mathusla's grandfather.
And on the envelope it says,
W-I-O-D's radio personality outstanding and honest Mr. Neal Rogers,
care of W-I-O-D Miami, Florida.
I open it up.
Here's a craggy.
I mean, the writing, it looks like it's been scrawled by a man in his death clutches.
Dear Mr. Diana.
Dear Mr. Diana, is that as an, I'll get back to you, Diana?
I don't get that.
I'm not calling you because my voice is not pleasant to your listener.
I hear you complaint about old driver.
I witnessed a gorgeous blonde very young with a baby besides her smoking
and looking in the mirror and combing her golden locks
and suddenly the car circle around.
This happened on military trail in Okachoby in West Palm Beach.
Yours truly, Joe Kakamon, whatever came and read the name.
Then, PS, luckily, no one was around when she came to a halt.
She put on lipstick, so lay off the old, lousy, slow drivers with big bank account.
At a boy, Joe, thank you so much for your outstanding letter
and you're right about one thing.
Your voice probably is far too old and too irritating, even for our listeners and fort Myers.
Let's do a Palm Beach Gardens on a starline.
Hello?
Hey Neal.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Tremendous.
I said the game last night.
I usually don't go to the game.
Why not?
I'm just not that interested in football, but I did go last night.
Okay.
Well, wait a minute.
If you're not that interested, we had a good crowd there by the way.
I don't know.
I thought it was televised.
We had a tremendous crowd.
They were like emotional.
It was great.
I enjoyed it.
The question I have for you is, hello?
I'm here.
Okay.
What are you so afraid of?
I'm afraid of some mental about.
Deal, how come there's some of my batteries along my portable?
How come there's so much Tuchy Tuchy touching there?
I had my binoculars.
I can't believe it.
Is that in a stanza around the field?
On the field.
Because that's what it's all about.
Where I am at, the maze to that.
The other thing is, how come there's no male cheerleaders?
I think that's sexist.
It is.
Now, let me ask you something.
Don't you find it bizarre?
I've asked this question before.
None of these macho people out there.
They don't want to hear this.
But in professional sports is the only place where all these allegedly very macho guys run out and pat each other on the butt.
And then play grab ass.
I see that.
Now, for example, listen to me.
When you go into court, for example, here's a law firm.
And they win a very tough case.
They get the verdict from the jury.
And they're like high five.
They're shaking hands.
They're high five.
They're not patting each other on the Tush.
But in sports, guy goes out there.
And he gets like a bunch single.
And he goes out of first base.
And the coach pats him on the Tush and grabs him and is rubbing his back.
I know.
Yeah.
One other quick thing.
That's the bad reason why a same was suggested.
Fast, quickly.
Could I hear Kurt Waltheim, Chanaka?
See ya.
Boy, oh boy.
Talk about a need to butcher up.
10.53.
We got our real automation tones now, man.
There we go.
I want the people in four Myers to feel at home.
Because they hear that headline news all day.
That abortion.
I can't believe the radio stations actually pipe that visual crap up.
And he put it on here just to kill time.
Here's CNN headline news, man.
Yeah, yeah, all day on and on and on.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Big report.
Yes.
595, just east of Pine Island Road.
Six of the Ornkers sitting there.
Now, listen to this.
Right in the left and there's a damsel in district on the other side with a hood on her car up.
And nobody around it helped her.
What do you think of that?
Hey, they're busy, man.
They're busy doing important stuff.
That's right.
That's right.
Boy, oh boy.
Fight to know.
Thanks for the alert.
Gotcha.
See ya.
See, that's another thing that really disturbs me.
So often you'll see people broken down and they're just desperate out there.
And of course you're terrified to stop because you don't know if they're an ax murderer or a drag or what.
And the porkers just very rarely seem to be there to help them out.
In fact, I've seen them drive right on by.
In hot pursuit of a very dangerous guy who was going like eight miles over the speed limit or something like that.
But boy, if you are going eight miles over the speed limit, more often than not, there they are.
Hey, guess what? Surprise.
We're here and we're ready for you, man.
We're doing it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'd like to know why you're so negative towards police officers.
Sir, do you want me to rehash the history of this show all over again?
No, I just like to...
I hear you so negative all the time.
I'd like to know why.
What do you hear me saying?
Do you hear the words?
Of course I hear the words.
Then what is it you don't understand?
Why?
Just I see you have a lot of resentment.
Is it something in your past or what?
No, it's something in everybody's present, not in their past.
People don't pay folks to go and work for them, which are the public dull.
So they can sit under bushes and overpasses, harassing the hell out of the public.
While people can't feel safe in their house or in their business or any other guy.
They're walking the streets.
That's not most of our idea of police work.
Don't you judge people by individuals or just by...
See, I'm not going to go through this whole thing again.
I'm not...
Every time you say anything, we have to do a disclaimer.
I haven't said that all cops are bad or that all cops enjoy writing tickets.
I've been through this a million times already, okay, pal?
But in generally speaking, this is the contact that people have with polies.
Is sitting out there looking over their shoulder, waiting to get a ticket for going nine miles over the speed limit.
Okay, it just sounds like you're on negative.
I mean, I know something happened.
Did you hear what I just said?
I didn't.
Did you hear what I just said?
What word didn't you understand?
I didn't.
Don't be so rude.
I mean, we're talking.
You don't be so rude yourself, you jackball.
Okay, he's telling me how to talk on the air and how to what my attitude ought to be and what I should say and what I should think.
Up your espal.
Go write some tickets and leave us the hell alone.
God.
We have an open line in day, 751 and two on the Tampa, on Tampa for Myers on our big out of state link.
That's dead, man. Dead is a door nail.
Here's Tampa.
Yeah, Neil, good morning, too.
This is all over today, pal.
At the end of our new exciting experiment.
Second day and it's all over Myers.
It's nice for you all down there.
I know to have a professional football team in the metropolitan areas.
Since we don't have one here in Tampa Bay.
That is correct.
Neil, I just wanted to stay on the line here and tell you that we've been listening to you here at work and for the longest time I've been hearing you bust the chops of this Joey guy.
And I didn't know who the hell you were talking about, but unfortunately while driving down Dale Maybury, as a matter of fact, on Saturday, I turned your station on and I heard this guy with his high yes stuff.
You weren't in your crystal worry by the time?
I mean, Neil, I apologize.
I thought maybe you were being a little bit rough on this guy and I give him a chance to tell you he was the most nauseating.
Nobody called him.
He was, I think he was just entertaining himself.
In other words, he sucked his what you're trying to do.
Yeah, I mean, the oldie was not funny.
He was not entertaining.
He was not amusing and probably did not belong on to your any more.
Why is he on there?
You'd have to ask Boy Gary about that, our illustrious program, Mangler.
Well, it seemed that no one was calling to me.
He said, hey, you think he took a poll if people thought he should stay on the air.
They had just asked tonight.
He took a poll to see if people thought he should stay on the air?
Yeah, he did a poll.
He said, now we're getting, because no one was calling him.
No, no, no, no, no, no, take.
I listened to him for five minutes of the vote while driving from point A to point B and I probably turned him off.
But he took one of people to call in to see if he should stay on the air and some lady called and said,
I guess you have a new person on a night, a female, said, this woman wants your job.
I mean, he was just a bit weird.
I just had to tell you that.
Well, wait a minute.
What do you mean she wants his job?
She's got a full-time job here.
He's just a filling on the weekend because we can't find any other salon.
This woman at the night time wants to really, did she knew from other sources that she really wanted his job on the weekends and all kinds of...
He was just terrible.
What the hell is that mean?
She wants his job on the weekend.
She works six days a week as it is.
I don't understand it, Neil.
I just want to tell you that I agree with you.
That's Joey's crowd.
I apologize for doubting you and he sucks.
Have a great day.
You too.
Okay, overstating the obvious.
Open line on the estate line, seeing again, it goes back to what we heard yesterday.
Joey thinks that everybody who gets hired on this radio station is taking a job that he would have had.
Rick and SUDD took his job.
Hank took his job.
Randy took his job.
Everybody gets hired.
And what he doesn't understand is that there is no chance, even with a more online boy, Gary, in programming, there is less than no chance that he'd ever get hired to do like more than like a weekend job.
Ladies and gentlemen, introducing Tyson's knockout chicken.
Hi, this is Ion Mike.
And if you're hungry, like a heavyweight, just look for a big gold teeth.
Tyson's knockout chicken.
You've never seen fresh like this.
Oh, nice to meet you.
Cry a hot, juicy big mic.
Do all mean patties on a sesame street brain.
You're better stay away from Don Burger King.
Or if he's got his chicken out.
Yeah, I'd like a...
Hey, aren't you the guy on trial?
How'd you like a knuckle thing with that?
Sure.
Come in up.
Oh!
Nick, and don't forget our world champion, chicken.
We got wings.
We got size.
We got...
Oh, check out the rings.
I can't control myself.
So do the wild thing.
And come to Tyson's knockout chicken tonight.
If you're hungry as a raging bull, come to Tyson.
And grab a handful.
1118 at WIOD.
Here's Dearfield.
Hello.
Well, I'm in for a lottery now.
Okay.
We're making good time.
I'll tell you that.
How's your blessings, pal?
Hey, I just want to say, in all the years I've been listening to you,
at least once or twice a week, you get one of these cop callers coming calling.
Oh, listen, I get so tired of that crap.
You know, like I have to justify, I have to defend every statement that I make
and I have to recut the history of the whole thing.
I'm not just speaking for myself.
I think I'm speaking for the majority of the public who are sick and tired
of paying people salary so they can be hassled and harassed
while people who are out there murdering and robbing and doing all kinds of crap
just, you know, go scot free.
People are sick of that crap.
Maybe they're afraid they're going to get a hang nail or something.
The great intimidation factor, man.
If we go and give tickets to people with his bumper stickers on,
if we call them up and make threatening calls, we know where you're liable,
we're going to get you that kind of stuff that we can shut them up
and we won't be saying that crap anymore, even if it's true.
Got them, I sick of that crap.
Well, like I always say, they have more rights in Russia now than we do here.
So everything got turned upside down.
Well, they're just trying to get out of their system in the next 35 days
before it's all over.
And speak about comedy.
Let's talk about Joey for a second.
Yes.
He has showed the other day, which was my wife and I.
It was absolutely bar stuff.
Man, it was horrible.
He has no right being on the earth.
And if there's anybody out there that wants to become a radio personality,
this should show them that there is an ample opportunity.
Well, you know what really bothers me?
Because I've been, like I said, in a business a long time.
And I know that there are some young people out there who've got some talent.
But you have to cultivate it.
You have to go out.
I mean, it takes a little effort instead of recycling the same old tired crap,
like Joey and Ed Till and all these other washed up board never was people.
You know, cool out and find something.
I mean, just for a weekend, you can call it like Randy, for example.
I mean, she had never done this kind of thing before.
There's a classic example.
Caldivates some new talent instead of rehashing the same old tired crap that the public wants to puke from.
Anyone would be good.
Anyone he is the worst.
He thinks he's any young man and he really sucks.
Yeah, he's doing sit-down comedy.
And somebody else is too and it wasn't funny the first time.
And he doesn't talk to anyone.
He doesn't talk to the audience.
He just talks to the air.
Yeah.
And it was but in his buddy Lou Yeager and Bill Marshall.
And it's like a little coffee clatch with a bunch of guys saying,
boy, won't we grade 50 years ago when Vaudeville was in?
It's a real quick, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Have a great day.
One more thing.
Yeah, you can close it.
But he took the poll.
Yeah.
He took it the last 15 minutes of the show.
Now you can imagine now who the hell was listening to in the last 15 minutes of the show.
Yeah.
And two other things.
He let us two words.
He shouldn't have let on the air.
He let shot with an eye.
No.
Yes.
If you listen to the tape, you'll hear it.
Yeah.
And he also let smuckstucker on the air.
That's great.
Isn't that great?
Beautiful.
Okay.
See ya.
I am that hemorrhoid.
Nice going, Joe.
Hi.
This is Jim.
Love your show, Neil.
Love you.
Love you.
1128.
So Tampa, WSU, and his on night pattern again now.
This company, man, they could screw up the Pope.
This is just the most amazing company.
Technically, it starts right at the top with the chief engineers on all these radio stations.
And works its way right down to their toes.
Just absolute total incompetence and incontinence.
God.
There are no wonder we're not getting any calls from like anywhere.
And of course, probably what you call it, WWCN.
They're probably off the air.
Is there anybody on the air over there, sir?
Hello.
Yes.
Yeah, Orlando.
Yeah, you're in Orlando.
Yeah, listen and enjoy.
What the hell is that mean?
You're in Orlando.
You're like 87 miles away from Tampa and you're like a million miles away from Fort Myers.
I'm picking you up here.
You kind of like, like, Casper was trying to jam you something, but you coming in pretty good.
Yes, especially since they're on like seven Watts night pattern right now that lets you win.
Every time I come on the air, they stick it on night pattern.
See, I guess we did a little too well on the trend there.
We broke it too on Friday.
So let's give my handicap again.
Hey, the local guy here was a trashing you.
So I figured I'd listen to you and search your scared.
Listen.
Yeah, we're terrified since we're not in the same market.
We're really terrified of him.
Yeah, Phillips.
Listen, I got a quick question.
Does that all...
I don't understand that.
I was talking to a friend of mine who works at Cool Gold the other day.
He called me the other day.
And I said to him, I said, why in the world would you be on the air in Orlando?
Talking about Neil Rogers is not even on the same market.
What is the logic in that?
What is the sense?
I don't know.
What does it mean?
He said you got a great contract down there so he might as you.
Yeah, let's go ahead.
Another one to be.
Two quick questions.
Political, do you think political questions?
No.
No, what's the next one?
Okay, I was down to South Florida and I was wondering how y'all felt about bush sending all that money to Somalia when you guys needed down there.
And the other question was, what was your opinion of how popular Lumbol is?
Call up Jim Phillips.
He'll tell you.
Okay, now that was the one call we had on the scene.
Look at that.
Look at that.
That is a testimony to this whole concept, man.
That is a testament to it right there.
All the other six lines are smoking.
And the three, we just got through spending big, big fat, goosey, expensive dollars to put that system in.
The out of town to Florida Watts, they're dead as a door nail.
1-800.
I'm going to give this number one last time seriously because I'm not going to sit here fooling myself the rest of my life.
I think we're sacrificing what was used to be a really hot show for a bunch of nose pickers.
That's what I think.
I don't want to start in now.
But I got roped.
I got a lawsuit into this whole concept by a bunch of management type idiots who want to squeeze the last drop.
Let's put on the best of from 9 to 10.
The warm up hour.
Repeat the tapes.
Let's put them on in Tampa.
Let's squeeze every drop because we're paying them like more than 375 an hour.
Let's see if we can squeeze anything out while he's still alive.
That's the concept of this goddamn heartless cold obnoxious company man.
Now where are these people?
Because I'm getting really porked off.
You're in Tampa?
Yep.
Well that's pretty exciting.
Interesting huh?
So are they on like six Watts today or what?
What's going on over there with that SUN?
It's not that on the nighttime up here.
I mean are they ever going to get their goddamn act together there or what?
They just can't get their finger out of their orifice.
You know Tom Belvita, what's as I do?
Yeah, I sure do.
That answers it all man.
Yeah really.
So how do you think the dolphins played last night?
I thought they played a hell of a lot better.
Not great.
The defense was great but the offense still had its sporadic moments keeping in mind that they scored one grand touchdown.
I couldn't believe how pathetic Jay Schrader was playing.
He's terrible.
I mean he is the worst and top of a renovate isn't much better.
No well he was busy in fact.
Did you notice that every time they started eroding the chalk lines on the like on the 40 and 50 yard line
that Todd was down there and like you had a reason why the chalk was disappearing?
He couldn't score on a panty rate.
Mirror one of it.
Yeah I'm believable.
Yeah.
Take it on Mark Larson's spy report for you.
Yes sir.
He's trying to imitate you now.
Oh geez.
I mean they're all trying all of them you are pulling trying to imitate you now.
Doing what?
Well that will start to get a little less topical and they're starting to quote you the quote for what are words a lot more like now.
And it's such as what are they saying dooth bag?
Dooth bag?
They haven't quite hit that level yet.
That will be next week.
You mark my words.
Mark Larson will be a do-and-doosh bag next week or do you think?
One point one guy did say shot.
No.
I'm serious.
No.
One thing I love about this business is the originality of it.
That's my favorite part of the whole business.
Yeah.
It's one of the best.
Yeah.
Well thanks for the good news.
And speaking of shot go see Mark.
Okay.
What the hell just happened there?
Did I put him on hold?
Are you still there?
He's gone.
Thank God.
Even the competition agrees.
The Neil Rogers show on WZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in the Palm Beach is.
Is the best morning show in South Florida.
I don't think I was just a nice here on an AM station as a hero in Miami.
If you're like St. Thomas the Quiett, you got no problem with me.
Even the other morning shows listen to the Neil Rogers show on theta 4.
I hope you beat me in the readings.
You better than I am.
I have my nose up kneels.
Ask 20 till noon at WIOD.
Joie Flyaway, baby.
America has spoken.
They are dying for you to start flying.
We have an open line on the out of town thing at 1-800.
I'm a veteran.
God, I've lost it today.
I've officially lost it.
I'm thrown in the towel, man.
I can't take this anymore.
Like doing a show in a goddamn funeral parlor.
Is there anybody alive out there?
I feel like Lloyd Lindsay Young only not doing the weather.
I never smoke hot.
You know, I don't have the answer.
I used to know it.
I don't know.
There is a phone over on the order.
News talk radio.
610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers show.
They get in touch and talk with Neil.
Dial 751 WIOD from day.
Inbrouwer, it's 524 WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code.
toll free 1-800-944-WIOD.
And Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest's host or callers are not necessarily those of this station.
Now here's Neil Rogers on News talk radio.
610 WIOD.
Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Huh?
Ah, Martha, I can't get up.
What do you mean?
Well, the older I'm getting the tougher it is to climb out of bed and start today.
George doesn't know it, but this morning he's getting prune tang.
A brand new breakfast drink that will get him up and active before he knows it.
Here, honey, drink this.
Mmm, not bad.
Taste like Grandbury, Juicentuna.
I'm feeling good.
I feel like I could move a mountain.
Come here, you little muffin.
Oh, George.
Don't let age get you down.
Try the new breakfast drink sweeping the rest homes of America.
New prune tang.
Prune tang.
It stores everywhere.
Fowl06 and WIOD and we got an open line in Broward at 524 and we're like a kid with a new play toy.
It's like having a new dreidel at Hanukkah time and we're just seeing if it works.
Like Lake Boinevista.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, man, I'm really disappointed I wanted to check back in with you before the break at noon
because then I could hear myself driving home tonight.
I'll check this.
Well, you got new rejoins on S.U.N. now.
Do we?
Yeah, they're not saying check back in with us anymore.
And who's doing them?
I don't know.
It's it's a new voice.
Probably, Mitch Lewis.
Does it sound like somebody who belongs on the air?
It could be because he used to do this hair replacement on it.
That's him.
That's Mitch Lewis.
In other words, they finally got that stuff on the air so it doesn't sound like nose picking heaven over there.
Yeah.
The one of the audiences is mesmerized.
Yeah.
And are they operating more than six watts now or what?
Well, I'm picking them up here in Lake Boinevista.
So yeah, it's coming in just kind of crappy.
If it's coming in in Lake Boinevista, I guarantee you that the mouse is pretty unhappy about that.
Well, because if we say asshole on here, then the mouse might actually hear it.
And you know they got psychotic when Randy was there and they'll get crazy again.
Well, you were getting psychotic earlier today about nobody calling in, so I just wanted to call it.
Well, no, I just like having some fun with these and those pickers over there and trying to get them into habit of getting off their ass.
They don't know what the hell it's all about. They haven't figured it out yet.
Well, I want to get some of those crotchety old farts from four Myers on the phone.
Some of the ones who hate me like poison already, but pretend they don't listen.
And we'll never turn it off.
Well, they just haven't fully caught on to the concept of the IOD network.
Right.
And neither of we.
Well, listen, have a great day.
And you too.
And see ya. He sounded like Super Dave almost, didn't he?
Oh, that sounded like Super Dave. Just a little tiny one, yeah.
Open line in day, 751. And look at that. W-I-O-D.
Yeah, I've talked to you a lot.
And where are you calling from, sir?
Four Myers.
Are you, sirial?
Yep.
You are in Fort Myers, the great home and bastion of sanity?
Yep.
And old farts?
Yeah, you could say that.
And nose picking and slow driving and quiet, basically a placid.
Well, I put you on cold because I just knew you were from Fort Myers.
Uh-huh.
I can tell by the way the phone was ringing.
Okay.
So how is it?
How is it?
Yeah.
I love living here.
Do you?
Yeah.
What do you like most about living there?
The area.
The waterways.
The water, the ambiance, the trees, the climate, the beauty, the old people with their
in-a-ma bags.
I'm not worried about the in-a-ma bags.
I'm not that old, so.
When in doubt, squeeze it out.
Excuse me?
I said so you're having a great life over there.
Yeah?
Great.
I moved over from Fort Lauderdale.
I lived I grew up before Lauderdale.
And how long ago was that?
Uh, I lived there for 22 years.
I lived over here for four years now.
And you like it better over there?
Sure do.
Well, I don't blame you, sir.
I love Fort Myers.
And I don't even know what the hell it's all about.
I've just driven through there a couple of times real fast.
Mm-hmm.
Like I floor my vet and go through there real fast.
Real fast, huh?
Yeah, like about 140.
Mm-hmm.
Why is that?
Just in case they know who it is.
So anyway, you discovered 770, you're doing it over there with us, huh?
Well, I'm listening to you, but I gotta tell you the reason you're failing over here.
I'm failing.
What do you mean I'm failing over there?
We only been on for a day and a half.
Yeah, no.
But you're calling it quips already?
No, I'm not.
Well, you're failing over there, you are.
I'm thinking about it.
How about another figure, Mitch Lewis?
I'll tell you what.
Why is that?
You're in Ditto Land.
I'm in what?
You're in Ditto Land.
Ditto Land?
Got Limbo Land.
Oh, give me a break, will you?
Larnas Land.
Larnas Land.
Right wing, Larnas?
That's right.
That's why there's number one talk show radio in there.
How come you're listening to this show then?
I'm switching right now.
You're so okay, do I fast?
He's swishing.
He sounded like he was swishing.
I got news for you, pal.
You wouldn't switch that dial if your life depended on.
He's probably Steve Gilbert's a grandchild, illegitimate.
Is that the kid that he called on the air many years ago?
Did the mommy and I get divorced because I was in radio?
That was the greatest call of all time, Steve.
Man, you suck so bad that there are no words in the English vocabulary to describe it.
The absolute pits.
He makes Joey sound like Westbrook Van Voorhees on a good day.
That's how bad Steve Gilbert is.
You got a dental floss.
You're at a party.
Talking to friends, dancing, mainly.
And then it happens.
Now when I leave my beer in these stressful times, the last thing you need is to misplace
your brew.
Hey, yo, is this my beer?
You wouldn't have this problem if you used the junk home beer beaper.
Simply attach it to your beer.
Clap once in.
Clap once, drink up.
Beer beaper.
To order, call 1-800-FAT-DRAWD.
Get yours now.
Say for everyone else's time.
Hey, yo, is this my beer?
So anyway, 12-18 at WIOD.
We have an open line at Broughtts, so we're failing over there.
Is that it?
We've been on for like six hours and 18 minutes.
And it's been declared official.
We are failing in Ford Myers.
We're very sorry.
It's been nice to try it though.
March shot is a piece of crap.
Ow!
It just does something for me.
Let me tell you something, pal.
The New York Jets suck.
Ow!
Is this ever happened to you?
Oh, I love you, baby.
Oh, baby.
Oh, oh, baby.
Ow!
Another ruined evening.
All because of plastic love doll blowout.
Now you're just a lonely guy with nothing to look forward to,
but the McNeil air report.
Who you could call AAA, but that's so embarrassing.
Well, now you can be up and running fast
with a new love doll patch kit.
These durable steel-belted patches
resist tearing, splitting, and ruptures.
And they're medically safe.
Eliminating skin rash, skid marks, and ruptures.
You will be ready for hours of action in just minutes.
Oh, baby.
Ow!
Keep plenty on hand for the safest sex yet,
from Trojan Tire and Rubber Company.
1241 at WIOD.
That's for Ford Myers.
Hi, this is Jim.
Love your show, Neil.
Love you.
Love you.
1251, Randy returns after a night at the ballgame last night.
Didn't see her, but she was at the tailgate party
with Chuck, evidently doing it.
So anyway, we put Sandy James up there now
at the top of the list for the sales hole of the week.
I got to tell you something.
These people back there, they just drive me nuts.
They drive me apes bit.
Sandy James.
She is just, she makes Steve Perissim
like he has some clue as to what he's doing.
She comes to me this morning,
a, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
but I'm supposed to have it here.
I mean, God, if brains were dangerous,
she'd be the safest human on the face of the earth.
Pravital records presents the Beach Boys
as never heard before.
The endless binge is now available for a limited time.
Wouldn't it be nice if we were sober?
Maybe then we could write something songs.
We apologize for a good mom.
We have been around for far too long.
The Beach Boys, singing their way to the top
and belching their way back down.
The Beach Boys, endless binge.
Too much old granddad in me
My blood is about to explode
Then I'm holding my own
Losing the fight
No bathroom in sight
Yeah, yeah
Well, I'm so cold-tubed
Can't find the commos
The Beach Boys' head was this
Yes!
Available at rehab is everywhere
That was getting more
126, you know I was just thinking about something
Suppose the people at WWCN
In Ford Myers, since they do run at
A God-awful CNN headline news crap all day
Suppose they have an automation thing set up
So they must have, huh?
So that the spots run, so every time we play
Wouldn't that be something if it fired off a bunch of carts?
Yeah
So let's just keep going
All day, and screw those bastards up, huh?
That would be great
God, they must be turning their hairs out at the roots
Here's, um...
Oh, excuse me, here's Stuart, hello
Hello?
Yes, sir
Neil, hi
First time caller
Well, that's great
Did you happen to watch the NBC News last night at 6?
No, I did not
Okay, they had a list of the $10 people in America
Yes?
I don't know what magazine, National Magazine, put it out
I bet your Lord-ass limbo was in there
Number nine
Yeah
Oh, you knew it
With a bullet
Yes, it was number nine and Madonna was number 10
Great
That's what I want to let you know
I didn't know you knew it
No, I did not know it, it was just a lucky guess
How could you...
Oh, he was didn't know it, okay?
No, I figured you might have been at the party at the game
And didn't see it or hear about it
Great news, pal
Okay, have a great day
Have a good day, bye
Did always this
Coming up tonight and eight, following sports dog 6Gat
It's the Rambi Road Show right here
Rambi Y-O-T
Sometimes I feel myself
The most controversial movie of our time
Martin Scorsese is the last temptation of price
Recently became available for home viewing on cassette
Religious groups, mifted the release of the film theatrically
Became outraged on the event of its home distribution
And so, for your spiritual edification
And for those who don't have VCRs on a price of a movie ticket
We are proud to present live
Part one, the radio version of Martin Scorsese's
The last temptation of Christ
Buddy, buddy
Wanna buy a hot stereo?
Ah, ah, gee, I better not
Okay
So the controversy continues
Cune in tomorrow for block two
Martin Scorsese is the second last temptation of Christ
Good day
Well, gee, I'm busy here
Okay, I'm busy closing shop up
I wanna hear what this is
Am I losing it?
Or I just forgot
Bus is on in Miami
Walking downstairs
It didn't see hangs like a stick and out
Probably grab the handrail
But Gary greased it good
You won't be signing anybody out
Oh, feeling pain is typical
And working in this place
Nothing, it ain't worth nothing
Unless you're working for free
Oh, bust your ass
Or bust your arm
It's all the same to me
Busting it is good enough for me
It's good enough for me
And Bob and Green
Heart-bel-A-Pole
Wow, that's great
I think we only played that once before, didn't we?
Well, it's about time we dug out some crap
That we've only played like once before
Too bad that somebody
with such a talent of mix Lewis has to be
wasting it on that night rhythm shot
142, well that's true
That show is an abortion man
It's the worst thing in the history
It makes even Joey sound almost good
I don't wanna get carried away
Here's Miami, hello
A nail
Yes sir
I went to Fort Myers Beach last year
And I went through Estero and Estero Island
What a lucky guy
You don't want me at any closer than you are right now, my friend
I believe it
I think they probably got you tuned in at the beach shop
And the dairy queen over there
So that's two people at least
All right
Hey, one more thing in clothing
That's what the dairy queen
What is it?
Browning Nagle
And there's New York Jets
So wait a minute, straighten me out
Ken O'Brien is out for the year right?
He's on the DL
So apparently so yeah
And Browning, who last time he looked like a lost puppy last time I looked at him
Browning Bagel?
Yeah, yeah, Browning Bagel
He's gotta bring a real big lunch basket with him here
Because Brian Cox is gonna eat his lunch
Great
And maybe Alfred Al can sell him at a discount at the Bagel Shop
In closing Nagle, Jim Manditch is God
Fat Hank, it's great that he's gone to the other station
I wish him well, but boy the football sounds a hell of a lot better now than it did before
Okay
Thanks Nagle, see ya
Bye
And Mr. Weaver agrees I'm sure because he's just an agreeable sort
Not
144, here's a Miami, hello
Nagle
Yeah
Hey, I went to this game yesterday
And I was sitting right next to the front zone
And the only time that a raider fan got a dolphin fan
When he jumped three rows and started kicking the crap out of him
Yeah
And then the dolphin fan grabbed him and threw him down three rows
Yeah
Up against the rails
And there was no extra charge to watch all of this, right?
Nope
What a deal, man
But I got this ice hole there
This is in front of me, his name is Ramirez
Yeah
And he stands up every place
What a game
I have time to see the old fart down there
Yeah
Every day
What a geek
Yep
Well, tell him, sit down and shot head
I'd say that, buddy
He's deaf
He's deaf?
Yep
He got those
How about if you punch in the ribs, you see if he's got any feeling, okay?
Okay
And you'll see how quick he is, too
Yeah, then he'll bring his friend out his nose
Amen, okay
Have a great life pal, get out of here
Okay, 145
So evidently the fun zone, there's a lot more fun going on than we realized, huh?
There's a little something there that don't meet the fly at the eye
In that fun zone
Kendall
Oh, Neil
Yes, sir
Neil, I just wanted to tell you I was watching TV on Sunday
And I was watching the new WKRP instance, right?
The new WCrap, yes
Yeah, exactly
Well, I was just, once I wasn't really watching, I was looking around
And they had a guy on Rush Limbaugh look alike
His name was Lush Rambo
Yeah, we already heard about this
We heard it was a great put down, yeah
It was pretty disgusting
He was riding an exercise bike and eating three cheeseburgers
Great
That's all I wanted to tell you
If ever there was a loud ass man, that's the one
It was a rush look like he was disgusting
Okay
All right, thank you
Have a great life
145
So we got the, I guess today we like covered the estero story, huh?
Maybe tomorrow we'll work on someplace else big like Port Charlotte
Remember that movie Hush Hush Port Charlotte?
Something really good
And Johnny Druck was just telling me
They're running like a little reverb in the back
On WWCN on 770 out your dial
And four Myers baby, yeah, we're doing it man
Kick it ass, our own
So wouldn't that be something if every time I played that automation tone
A kickoff is set a spot because they have it
I'm sure they got the thing set up for CNN headline news like almost all day long, man
Oh, excuse me, there we go again
Just see that board op over there flying to stop the carts
And then the thing you do is you then you take the break like right away
Like it's 146 on the IOD network
So anyway, well that's the human, that's the break we're doing it
George got all panicky over here so you can imagine what they're doing over there
And as you went
Now for Myers, they got their crap together, man
They really got their shot together
Okay, here's Hollywood, hello
Hollywood is long gone, I can tell
I thought I just saw Dan Stewart marching down the hall with a very serally look on its face
God, you talk about a just absolutely psychotic, just angry young man
Boka, now, yes sir
Whatever happened to red shots
The blue shots
Yeah, I think they got the shots
Let's go to Coca-Cola Creek, hello
Hey, great show, Neil
Yes it is
Listen, I got a medical medical medical question
Wonderful
If Karen Carpenter had eaten mama cast a sandwich, would they both be alive today?
We've been asking that question in fact, every time I get together with my friends in the anorexia business
We sit around and discuss that for hours on time
When he better was asking me that in the hallway the other day, she was eyeing that Vila Deli Cornbeer sandwich
That's good, do you know David Paul?
Do I know him?
Yeah
Do I know of him?
Or of him or whatever?
Yeah
I hear the tape, do you like him or not like him?
Do I like him?
Or not unbelabeled
He is the biggest piece of swill that ever came down the pike
I used to live in Atlanta and...
How could anybody have ever put that little pipsqueak swill head on the air?
Well, the thing got that hard head till
Right, that's right
Hey listen, I got a new turn for it
It's true they're asked both out the door
Neil, instead of saying shot, say spit
Like jack spit
You don't know jack spit?
You don't know jack spit, man
Well maybe they could be interchangeable
You know, just sped it around, you know
It's like in hockey you've got a slap shot, how about a spit shot?
Yeah, I didn't mean jack spit to me, okay?
Okay, see ya
What?
See ya spit head
152, you see we're just creating a whole new vocabulary and the reason we do that is because we live in a very juvenile country
with a bunch of dictatorial, censoring in-mind type assholes who are sitting up there for another 35 days or so at the FCC
Like L-Sykes
By-al, see ya
Well, I want that to be a sorry day for us
Mark that day on the calendar baby
January the 20th, the first day when we say goodbye to all those assholes on the FCC
The Federal Censorship Commission
Who have just arbitrarily, thanks to Jesse Helms and people like Lord-ass Limbaugh and all these other goody tussues
Who just take and rape the Constitution and the Bill of Rights to their own convenience or how they want
Just arbitrarily made it up as they went along, man
All sexual organs and expatory activity
But where the hell did that come from?
What were they like Alexander Graham Bell call him on a phone and tell him that?
Did George Washington just drop down the cherry tree and say oh by the way I forgot to tell ya
Boy, what a pile of shot that is huh?
And spit
Let's get cereal, man
Let's cut the crap
Let's stop being like, talk about repression
See that's what bothers me about people in this country
They accept every kind of unacceptable repression as if this is the way it's supposed to be, man
Like that poker that called the alleged poker that called earlier in the show
Well what's the problem? What do you got a problem with?
Because we don't like being hassled and harassed by people whose salaries were paying
That's not what we're paying you for, geekhead
You moron?
Oh I'm sorry, it's busy right now probably
Busy under the overpass
Let's do a bokeh, hello
What's up, bro?
How you doing, sir?
I'm okay, I was wondering, was that rich eating ice cream last night?
I don't think so unless he ate it downstairs, I don't think he brought any up by me
Because he kept waiting for me to go to Carvelle to get my hot butt Sunday which I did not get
I was a good boy
Would not?
No nuts
No nuts? No, it's the Rick Riley Sunday, no nuts
And I didn't get it at all
And so he may have slinked down there because I know he flew down there at halftime
Whitefall is extremely fat guy eating ice cream
Down in the thing
Oh yeah, down in my thing
Yeah, that was him
Oh, I figured so
But I just want to say, uh, Raider's suck and uh, wha
Okay, good to Quinnella there, 157
And yeah, he didn't come back up and dare eat any ice cream in front of my face
Of course he is on a diet so we probably had the yogurt
Like about 20-30 gallons of it
Before the game, we went in there, we decided, uh, we were not going to have the Italian sausage
So we had one of those smoked jalapeno things
And a diet soda
And we finished that in about 30 seconds and we both looked at the sausage and said, okay, what are we going to eat now?
So then we, he went and got us both the Italian sausage, smothered in onions
And I must say this, it's not bad, the sausage ain't that great but the onions are good
In fact, the best thing to do is take the weenie out of the bun
And just stick all the onions in there and eat that, I think that's what we'll do Sunday night
And then Orlando stopped by speaking of taking the weenie out of the bun, Orlando stopped by right after that
And boy, he was just, uh, ready for that game last night
He was ready, looked like he was ready for anything
God
Here's, uh, and he said he'd be calling soon by the way
He just, to kind of left with like a threatening, a parting message, I will be calling soon
So, uh, be prepared, govern yourselves accordingly
And what are we going to do about Dan Stewart?
Well, that's it, man, we're done, we're finished, we're through, we've had it, we're history
We're audio, we're out of here, we're, uh, 1-800-852-006, you know what that is
This is South Florida's news, traffic and weather station
Yeah, we just saw a radio 610-W-Y-O-D by any Fort Lauderdale and the Palm Beaches
That's great, I'm impressed
Good afternoon, I'm Tom Hopkins in the 610-W-Y-O-D News Center
The temperature at 2 o'clock 78 degrees in the 610-W-Y-O-D Weather Center
Here's meteorologist Bob Soepert, fairly typical for this time of year
Hey, Steve Gilbert on the air, they got no talent on the air
God, I can't believe he's in Fort Myers one day
Absolutely zero
And so, again, nice to hear you on here, but, um, one thing you talk a lot about football
I'm not really much of a football fan, but I do like baseball
Right, anything, you into that at all?
In my into that, I'm a maniac Cubs fan and I, of course, a Marlins fan to be since we got our team
But I'm a...
