Let's go round it up..
And you can't underestimate with your eyes
You can love my bones, the patriotic ones
I've got little flagger on my jeans
You can love my hair, I grew it down to there
I tell ya all exactly what it means
I'm just another home, the phone gate can't get home
I like to play guitar and sing my songs
I ain't no doctor, Clint, but right now I'm in Lacklin'
And Joe the ride next week I could get on
It started out with Elvis, he used to shake his films
And make a little girl a squillus swarm
Now when I singin' dance in these ten gallon pants
They say, boy they're grown big out on the farm
I'm just another home, the phone gate can't get home
Like your contacts and chavispring and trips
I keep on breaking hearts, just keep me on the charts
Until ya'll all the panic sick of it
1207-WYOD
Two open lines at date, anybody out there in date, speak any English?
7519-463, I'm still very concerned about hugger
How come we're concerned we're getting calls about my gallbladder
And what it looked like and what was in it and what they did with it
And that they were having it for dinner that night
And I can't seem to get like any inside information here
Here's a lady mobile
Wow, hi Neil!
How you doing?
I'm doing fine, I wanted to welcome you back
But I don't want to talk about your gallbladder
Good, we're sick and tired of that damn disgusting gross thing
I want to talk about the brains, I'm your emotional brave fan
Well you're doing it
You bet, you're well-focusing
All those reds fans who are getting so cocky and so confident right now
They better look over their shoulder because the braves have moved into perfect position
Now they're just poised for the kill
Yeah, I just hope we can do it
You'll do it
In the past that used to be being a brave fan was a lot like having gallbladder disease
You know, it's just greetingly painful
Like being a cubs fan
For years and years and now we're exacting our revenge on the rest of the National League West
Well let me just say this to you, the braves haven't won in a long time
But the cubs have won a penance since 1945
I know, I know
1945, 47 years
That would be more than to see the braves and the cubs playing to the National League
Right, take a deep breath right now and I'll let you know when to exhale
No, no, no
I want to ask one other thing, answer two other things
One is, why did they say 50% cancer rain?
When that only means it's a 50% cancer rain that it's going to be raining on your head at that given moment
I mean, if you look out for it today, there's 100% cancer rain
It's a question of whether you're going to be in it at any given time
Because they recorded it seven hours ago, that's why
And the only other thing I hope you're listening, I wanted to say
Michael Kaufman, you are a world class
What fucking disrespect
Okay, see ya, bye-bye
God, 209 and WYOD, we have an open line in Broward, 524, WYOD, Pompato
I got an answer for the bitch that just called about the braves
The reds are going to dominate
That's not why I call
Okay
What do you have no room to talk?
The cubs are...
What do you mean I have no room to talk, sir?
There were like one game out of second place where ahead of those pathetic meds
We've won five in a row, we're smoking it, man
We're smoking the ivy right off the outfield walls
A head of the meds, let's think about that first
That's all we care about, don't you understand?
A cubs fan at this point, we don't think about winning it
All we care about is if we could finish it out of the meds
Even by a thousandth of a point like we did last year, that makes it all worthwhile
It's worth showing up for
Do you see Sandberg getting out to play yesterday?
Yeah
He is slow, but anyway that's not why I call him
I'll tell you one thing, he's sure worth seven million, any?
Not...
Not...
God, he's making me sick this year
Every time he comes up with a runner at third and less than two out, he pops out or strikes out
He can't hit the fly ball
Seven million dollar man, he can't even hit the ball out of the infield
But this isn't his time of year yet, it's a high-five
No, that's right, once we're 30 games out and it gets into the late September man, he gets smoking
That's right
We got one player besides Dawson, we got one player and that's Mark Grace who's hitting about 320
And we did everything under the sun, we tried desperately to get rid of him because he didn't fit in, he's too good for us
Yeah
The reason I called is that little tape that I played right before the top of the hour
That was Joe Pesci from...
...Jab K
Remember that?
Oh yeah, right
What he was like, right before he blew his brains out
Yeah, however he...
Do you know that Joe Pesci was in once upon a time in America?
Yeah, well you know that I found out on Channel 7's commercial yesterday, we saw that...
That's how I found out
I did not know that
Yeah, I didn't either, I've got it on tape and I've seen it about 10 times
That's a pretty good movie
And if you see that about 10 times, that's about 20 weeks out of your life because that thing goes on forever
It's out of God's father's dream for the first time this weekend
Really?
It was fantastic
Oh, here's the guy who finally is...
See you waited long enough, I'm happy you waited
You didn't do like all these other people who rushed into the theater or to their video store
So they could compare it to one and two
You just watched it based on its own merits like separately standing and it's great
It's exactly, as a matter of fact, the girl that I saw them with had not seen either the first one or the second one
I don't know where she's been but she hadn't seen any of the God found the movies
And we rented that and watched it
The next day we ran out and she had to see God found it
She couldn't wait
Yeah
And...
And what happened?
She loved that too but I thought I lost it there for a second
No, I just thought there was had to be more of the story than that
No, that was it, I mean what more can you say she loved the movie and that was it?
I went
Why did I went?
She wasn't that light
Oh, with my light
Yeah
Suspended sense, anyway...
Yonasera
Can you play dirty Harry Carey for my friend Rick Taylor who's a pooch back?
Sure
Thank you
Good job, I like the way you did that
You notice that? That was very good, man
That was artfully done here's a guy who actually gave a little bit of a thought before he picked up the phone and called Willie Nilly
We have an open line in the center score Willie Nilly in the center square at 524 WIOD
Recently, John H. as in Hemeroid
Had a morning to remember, John got dressed for work and went to the local donut shop to get a cup of coffee for his wife
What a nice guy, right?
And also not so smart maybe because John returned home and left his brand new actor legend running in the driveway
While he ran in to give it to his wife, the coffee that is
In his haze, John spilled the coffee on the kitchen floor and quickly cleaned it up, taken a few seconds
He was in the house a total of about three minutes
In that time, his beautiful Accura had vanished
Stolen, gone, audio, arived urge
John called a police who activated the low jack in his car at 835 in the A.M.
At 1005, only 90 minutes later, the actor was tracked by a police using low jack and recovered with zero damage
So do what John did, get your wife coffee every day and make sure you have low jack
Or just to hell with your wife and get the low jack instead
Ask your new car dealer to have low jack installed on your car or to get all the information called our good old buddy Elaine
She'll be more than happy to give you all the straight dope
Call toll free 1-800-5356522
1-800-5356522
Check it out, low jack
The only security system that offers total protection, prevention and recovery
There's plenty of baseball action this weekend right here
Join the Saturday and Sunday for the best American and National League game
Come on, you high on team
This is the show of the tomorrow with new rangers
This is the brain
Do you have any questions?
I really have lost my ass a little bit
He heard he carry? Well how come I put that cart in the machine?
Huh? Must be my triple vision from the operation
He's back and he's stalking a psycho who wants to make the Chicago Cubs penit contenders
Clint Eastwood is dirty Harry Carey
How everybody this is Harry Carey with Steve Stone and the cops are getting this speed out of the bag
Clint Eastwood gives a hall of fame performance as the legendary Cubs broadcaster
There's action
The pitch strike is the d- he's through that f- alright pass clock
Suspense
If f- my f- it could be
It is a f- no run
Romance
Oh look at the f- on that broadsteed
Holy cow
Clint Eastwood is dirty Harry Carey
Coming to a theater near you
I think your radio station is very crappy
1217 at WIOD and let's go to Aventura
Hello
Hello? Yes sir
I don't need a- welcome back
And I- did they put a sign up in front of the building when you came home?
Oh yeah right sure
They did? No
I call the heavy data
They got the weekend magazine- they got the weekend magazine with Fat Chuck Meyer been out there
That things been up there for two weeks in a row now
You don't think they're gonna say welcome back Neil or um
Neil Rogers returns today or-
And it no
They're oblivious don't you understand they hate me like poison they hate me like death
Did you read yesterday in USA?
They wish that I would just die some horrendous grotesque death and get out of their lives because I make them feel insufficient
Because they know that they're morons and they haven't got a clue as to anything that they're doing
Oh god
Yeah
Did you read USA today you see on how it's turned with its deals with the millions and millions?
It's amazing isn't it? And- and also infinity just sign I'm us for three million a year for next three years
Oh god
Three million a year
How do you like that?
Three million and it's going up a lot of cities are bidding for them now
Right
He'll be helping out to about twenty thirty million a year
What the hell are we got here man we got free meals from Wayne Arnold's thank god that's about all we get
And don't forget Flora's feature
Right
And I- and I just wanted to say
You know everyone that knew after Chicago we're one that was gonna happen but they do nothing about it
And I you know I always lost my father
But we're one of those deals when the Lewis knocked out smelling and I won the one minute in the first round
Yeah
He happened to be driving through Harlem
They grabbed that car and they were looking to turn over the car and then just kill him
Luckily he got out of it
Hmm
That they do that every time like God
It doesn't happen in New York didn't happen here when the thousands won
Why is it that I have to say it has to happen
Andastic daily he's got a good answer for him
Yeah
Just the punks are looking for the opportunity there
Yeah
Well listen have a great life
You too
So it sounds a little depressed
See the thing you got to do is you just got to pretend that it's none of it's really happening
You have to live in La La Land just take a lot of good general anesthesia and the escape
Open line at day 751 W I O D
Here's a lady in North Miami on a broward line
Hi Neil
Hi
How do you feel?
I feel fine
Are you still black and blue?
Of course it doesn't go away in one day
It takes about three months
Three months?
Yeah
Wooo
My dad was in for a heart surgery in three months
Oh, Feth
I hope you're feeling better
I need to use your airway to cause a very big dispatch
Oh what?
Very very big dispatch
Yeah
But it's got fired
And but no it was absolutely no
Didn't even tell me it's called me in the afternoon that you're out
So everybody at Florida spoke fish, party
You were the biggest dispatch
Neil, you weren't you and you
Neil at Florida, you were the biggest
And so I hope you get yours
Oh
Okay
I see you
Well I guess you said her piece
Okay she said smoke this
Or something like that
This cigar made me sick by the way
Don't give me any more of those cheap
Don't give me any cigars
I'm not smoking cigars anymore
Seriously it's a disgusting filthy habit
What is it accomplished?
Okay
What does it do?
Do I need an oral pacifier?
If I need that I'll suck my thumb
Okay, if I need an oral pacifier
Or maybe we'll just bring some guest in to sit in the studio all day
Neil, good
Right
I don't, cigars are like, you see and he's sitting in their puffet on one as I said
They're disgusting and they're gross and they pull out the ear
And they give you a sick headache
And they make you feel like nauseous inside
I already got through ten days of nausea
I don't want to feel nauseous inside again
I'm tired of nauseous, okay
If you got it
I don't want any more nausea
Ooh, just even a look at that damn thing
It looks like a huge elephant thing
God
Looks like something my dog left in the backyard this morning
Anyway, yesterday it's 21 past noon by the way for those who keep track
Yesterday we kind of left off member in midstream asking toward the end of the show
About the Outback Steakhouse and what was really going on
Well, you got to understand that things move very slowly here at WIOD
And here it is the next day and we finally got our act together
I was right, I just made a wild guess and I was right
The Outback Steakhouse, not ordinarily, all of you fans about back know that they're open for dinner only
But on certain special holidays they open for lunch and dinner
Like Father's Day, this coming Sunday June 21
They'll be opening at noon and a chance for you to take dad out for a fantastic feast
On Father's Day at the Outback Steakhouse for some of that fantastic
The best in the world that spicy delicious thick walk about soup
And the blooming onion and all those other great appetizers
And all your favorites hot off the Barbie and a laid back festive atmosphere
The tenderest steaks, prime rib, chicken and ribs on the Barbie pasta seafood
Reeled fish and phenomenal desserts like the incredible chocolate thunder from down under
And there's something for the kids too, new kids activity books
Which is sure to keep everybody entertained is what it says if you have the mind of a child
Shoot through to the Outback this Father's Day starting at 12 noon open all day for lunch and dinner
Just for dad and the whole family
And you'll find Outbacks all over the place now they're in Kendall and the town of country center
West Flagler Street in the Flagler Park Plaza
Southwest 89th Place in Briar Bay
On northeast, north east 163rd Street in sunny Isles
Pines Boulevard in Pembroke Pines
Riverside Drive in Coral Springs
North Pine Island in Jacarway into Square in Plantation
And Southwest 18th Street in Bocca
They're all over the place because everybody loves the Outback and dad will for sure this Sunday
With the cranios fixed in WIOD with Mike in the morning
Y'all, y'all, y'all, Rinary here inviting you to join us for our Wednesday over to hump day
From 530 to 10 o'clock we'll have an all new telepole question
We'll have a mystery director, we'll have the office challenge
We've got Henry Merrill in the WIOD News Center
And we'll be keeping you up to date on the New York Forest Shelts and the situation with POW
Y'all, y'all, y'all
And of course we watch all the traffic and the sports and all kind of good stuff
All of that? All we need is you between five, y'all, y'all
Y'all, y'all
New York cranios fixed in
And to Gomuca
WIOD with Mike in the morning
To the cranios fixed in
Kavu New WIOD
What?
What was that?
Can I ask you a question? What was that that we just had on?
Do you want to play that card again?
The one that said we can magazine, we chucked mine. What was that?
It was a rejoin. But what did we play it again?
I can't, it's not, they're all on a bunch of...
What does that have to do with anything in the weekend magazine with Chuck Meyer?
This is Tuesday. It's not bad enough. He's got the damn billboard out there in front for two weeks, okay?
We're running promos on Tuesday for Fat Chuck Meyer. Somebody's got to do something about him, by the way.
Did you see him the other day? He came in here. I forget what I was talking about.
And he was like sweating profusely. I said, what's wrong with you? Are you sick?
He said, oh no, I just ran up and down the stairs a couple of times.
He was sweating like porky pig in hell. I mean the sweat was just pouring down that pork or man.
It was just incredible.
God, I'm serious. Somebody's going to have to save that child.
Jupiter on the star line.
Hello.
Hello.
Okay.
Star lines open just in case you wondered at star IOD.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale, okay?
Yeah.
Boy, what a voice. What a sound. Okay, sir.
Did that come from like the bowels of your insides like where your brain is vegetating at the moment?
Give me a break.
We got an open line and Broward 524WIOD. Miami Lakes. Hello.
Neil. Yeah. How you doing?
Great. Did you get the bill yet?
No.
There's no such thing as the bill.
Hills from what I understand and every other experience I've ever had they come like pouring in like on a daily basis just from people have never been invented yet.
Just from the hospital my mother was recently in and she received the bill and I went over the itemized charges.
Yeah.
Five ounces of Cpa call $8.90.
Oh, not bad.
Cloth slippers $12.80.
Well, I didn't even get any slippers, dammit.
No, she didn't get half the stuff that's on there.
Everything is inflated like 1,000%.
I mean, who the hell can we call?
Do something about this.
Oh, who can we, sir? Are you in a dream world? Are you in Lala land?
Well, can we call that bill?
I can't believe it.
Oh, God, you must be high for something.
Well, you know, I pay my insurance and I pay my taxes and everything.
And I'm tired of subjectizing everything.
Well, get used to it.
Just sit back and enjoy it.
The other thing is my wife kind of take it the other day.
Yeah.
And one of the ex low cows that she used to live in.
Wonderful Pembroke Pines.
Or the police can't find your house if you call.
Yeah.
They can't find your house if you call them, but they sure as hell can point.
Well, Pembroke Pines, that's their number one industry for the cops over there is writing tickets.
It's half in hiatus and...
That's Johnson.
Yeah.
And you know, hiding around the corner on a new road that goes through finally and he nailed her.
And she...
I tell her to get the fed team and she's filing it.
She don't want to do it.
Why not?
I...
You tell me.
I'm going to have to get violent.
She won't do it.
How can... how can you go wrong?
I don't know.
I can try and explain to her.
She feels...
You're in T. No point.
She feels remorse.
I swear to God.
What a...
Dumbled.
God.
Hey.
As Dan Klaill would say, D-O-M-B-O-E.
Just because she's blonde now, it does.
You shouldn't pick on her.
Okay.
And dumb.
Neil, I'm glad to see you're feeling better.
And I serious what you say about the bill though.
It's out of hand.
It's getting better.
It's ridiculous.
It's insane.
I can do something.
I can imagine when I get the itemized bill, those percussets they were giving me.
They're probably like 20 bucks a piece.
Yeah.
The narcotics are...
It's a very expensive.
Yeah.
Very expensive.
Yeah.
Neil, I have a request.
If you would please.
Is this like a never ending call?
I just get the feeling I'm like in my hospital room again.
I'm never on a good day.
What do you want?
I want to hear Larry Lujac, country song titles.
No problem.
Thank you, sir.
Say goodbye.
Get better.
Adios.
See ya.
1230 at WIO.
Do we have an open line in date?
751.
Let's go to a beautiful candle.
Hello.
I'm Neil.
Yeah.
I'm glad you got out of hospital alive.
Yeah.
Are you awake yesterday?
Yes.
Yesterday you had Henry Roth's pass, you mentioned his name.
Yeah, I had Henry on his day.
Not feeling too good.
There's a possum for you to get.
A dead person several years.
A number years ago you had Henry Roth's pass.
Not bad.
Yeah, Henry Roth's pass is a guest.
Many about 400 times.
What?
Yeah, Henry Roth's pass is a medical doctor.
Yeah.
But it has been possum for you to play Zoddera if you can get all of it.
Oh, sure, just a couple of minutes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think the good thing here is that again.
Yeah, I'll play in a couple of minutes.
Thank you.
Okay.
1231.
Oh, God.
I want you to stop and think about it that these people are really actually walking around
out there.
Doesn't it bother you?
Doesn't it make you wonder?
Doesn't it just like cause you give you pauses, they say?
Is my dogs would say it gives us pauses?
Oh, man, it's just a ghastly.
What did that guy want to hear by the way?
Larry Lujak.
Oh, Larry Lujak.
Well, I never would have remembered after that call because that call I took me back to a different era.
Like the gain-indies or something.
God.
Well, is this it?
Oh, that ain't it.
Let's see.
I wonder if this looks like it.
That kind of looks like it.
But first we got a mobile somewhere, a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Got to tell you a quick story.
I was in Lynchburg, Virginia, small town, all of a sudden a very familiar voice gets on the radio.
Mike Renieri doing a spot for an auto-oxygen in Lynchburg, Virginia.
Are you serious?
Oh, my God.
I almost crept.
Really?
Yep.
I almost ran off the road.
He didn't say, Uga Muga, did he?
I don't know what he said.
Oh, God.
I think they allow you to say that in Lynchburg.
Great fall on Gets all bent out of shape if you say, Uga Muga, do you think since like a witch doctor talked?
Man, I don't, but he goes, I think it's Mike Renieri here.
Like everybody up there is supposed to know him.
Well, he's on his way there.
That's going to be his next stopping off point.
Yeah.
Anyhow, I hope you feel good and I'm happy to hear you again.
I feel great.
I'm glad you sound good.
I feel, I sound tremendous.
Because I'm a good son.
And back at you.
Thanks.
See you.
Here's a line from a song.
It took a hell of a man to take my hand, but it shouldn't take him long.
I like that.
Yeah.
She ain't much to see, but she looks good through the bottom of a glass.
Oh, yeah.
I've heard that one.
That's a good one.
I wouldn't take you to a dog fight, even if I thought you could win.
Don't cry down my back, baby.
You might rust my spurs.
You're a finger print showed up on skin.
I wonder who's I'd find on you.
Here's a good one.
If you get the feeling that I don't love you, feel again.
Here's one.
Obviously, there's some guy singing this song, and he's in some cheap blue.
He's bedroom at the time.
I'm ashamed to be here, but not ashamed enough to leave.
That kind of sums up our situation here at WLS too.
I'm ashamed to be here, but not ashamed enough to leave.
We'll just take the money.
Thank you.
I've been flushed from the bathroom of your heart.
Oh, I want to hear it.
You really wonder about guys who write lyrics like this.
You don't almost drink and they've been doing.
It's the bottle against the Bible and the battle for daddy's soul.
Here's what I really like.
It's Commode Huggin' Time in the Valley.
If you want to keep the beer real cold, put it next to my ex-wife's heart.
My wife ran off with my best friend, and I miss him.
1235 at WIOD.
We're on time.
We got all caught up now.
I think it'd be a good time to go home.
All you photo and video enthusiasts, all you perverts out there,
running around stupid into your next door neighbor's window.
Here's the third year we've been telling you about Benson's camera and videos,
and you will summer blowout sale.
Benson's floor is number one photographic discount.
Stores are slashing prices on everything photographic.
From cancorders to cameras, bags, lenses, lights,
tripods, video accessories, and much, much more.
The fact we represented is from Sony, an ultra-pentax, Samsung.
And lots more will be at both Benson's stores demonstrating the latest in photo and video equipment.
They're going to be showing you their equipment, man.
This Friday in Saturday, June 19th and 20th.
And check this out.
Sony has a new color video printer, and Benson's camera and video is making pictures
from 8mm videotape absolutely free.
So just bring in your 8mm videotape to Benson's this Friday or Saturday,
and they'll make you a free print in just a matter of minutes.
Check out Benson's ad in the Miami Herald this Friday, June 19th.
Benson's camera and video's annual tent blowout sale.
In Dave County, just six blocks south of the falls on US1
and in Broward, right across from the Broward Mall in the plantation community, Plaza.
The opinions expressed in this program are not necessarily those of 610 WINB response views.
I agree.
I kind of like a fat Hank Goldberg better.
Everybody's talking about destroying me romance now.
Robbing, giving, causing a commotion.
The public doesn't like the way she's using the champ now.
She's just using Mike for self-promotion.
She got him so dumb that that you drove into a tree.
She even made a fool of her, my ABC.
Now come on, come on, she's fooling for Mike, a fat boy baby.
Her catch is out of window.
This is out of window.
She's just using the champ.
The kitchen thinks of next to her.
Robby and her mommy have to pay their own rent now.
You're out of we would like to make a motion.
I hope there's an annoment and she don't get a sense now.
We've all had it with her fake devotion.
Now Mike, you know there's lots of other fish in the sea.
Or Robby wants it from you, what's on publicity.
So how can her mom could make the cover of every?
She's only using you for self-promotion.
Go on, Mikey.
Drop her in the ocean.
Far from why why.
Don't forget free weed for everybody on a Rick and Sud show this afternoon.
In 1240, 20 till 1 in WIOD.
Here's a lady in Cocoa Plum.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Do you know why you got those stones in your stomach?
Why?
Do you know why you got those stones in your stomach?
Right, for meeting a bunch of crap.
Right.
I like red meat you like to eat.
Don't you love that lamb?
No, I don't like lamb.
You don't like lamb anymore.
I like baby cow.
I like veal.
Oh, hi.
I like lots of veal.
I like that kind of stuff.
I think we have those.
Veal Marsala and Veal South Embokah and Veal Parmesan.
You need to eat more salad.
Veal front sails.
Ooh, nothing like baby cow.
You need that kind of green vegetable to heal you.
Yeah, those green vegetables.
Yeah.
Yeah, you really do.
You really do.
I'll go home and eat a whole bunch of them.
Eat them Spanish.
Okay.
That way, help me.
No, I'll do it.
Some artichokes.
Mm-hmm.
Some broccoli.
Yeah.
How we flower?
Good.
No, kids.
Let me make you look better.
And some bustle spouts.
And a tonne that black and purple.
And a bunch of the black and purple.
The red.
Right.
The red.
Oh, great.
Then I can go over and play bingo with the Indians.
Have a great day.
Really.
Bye-bye.
1241 at WIOD.
You should probably be doing the news on Channel 7 pretty soon with a speech pattern like that.
Oberlin and Dave County 751 WIOD.
Kendall.
Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Can I tell you back?
Ja'bed.
But that last lady, I wonder what she was doing with the carriage while she was talking to you.
I can only imagine.
I think it was a character or cucumber.
I think it was a Ruta Bega or a Rota Ruta.
I was curious.
Have you ever seen a Rota Ruta Bega?
That's right.
I was.
That's like a Malaluka Brotsy tree.
I was curious to know did Rick Sanchez or Sally Fitz send you any get-well cards?
No, they said an instrument over.
Okay.
She said this should keep you warm while you're in there.
One of them electric wake-up calls, huh?
Right.
Oh, I'm going to go play some golf later on over at Miami Lakes.
Really?
Yeah.
I'll keep your eye on those balls, baby.
You know it, man.
Okay.
With the little pimples.
Right.
I call somebody a douchebag.
Of course.
Hey, Gus, you're a major league douchebag.
Listen to me.
Listen before you go.
Is it like it's not raining anymore?
Yeah.
It's a little jizzly, but that's when the field is nice and clear.
There's no one there.
Right.
Exactly.
Good thinking.
Good time to go.
Okay.
All right.
Take it easy.
Good luck to you.
See, he's the kind of guy that's just like if he misses the ball, he just picks it up and moves it.
Look, because there's nobody around.
That's a good...
See, there's a guy who knows how to play golf.
We have an open line of dates.
7519463.
751.
WID.
Got him.
Like, so full of energy now.
And I feel great.
I think we can almost make it to one o'clock here today.
You know, I come in yesterday.
This is a true story.
And Boy Gary, who is at Apsa, along with Disney and all these other grave robbers here, no contact with me whatsoever since the day I walked out here a week ago, Thursday, okay, before my surgery.
And he comes in here with this super-synced Syrian al-Foni balloon.
He's sucking around.
And he says, well, how you feeling?
You hear for the whole day today?
And I should have said, no, I thought like 10 to 11 would be good to start.
We're like, you know, work into it.
And maybe hour, hour and a half increments.
Oh, what a line.
Boka.
Boka.
Neil.
Yeah.
How can you pick on Rino?
Grow up, sir.
No, seriously.
He sucks.
Come on.
Now that they're the...
He makes me sick, man.
How many times does he come up with this kind of thing?
Every time I've seen him left, every time I've seen him the last month with run around third and less than two out either pops out or strikes him.
And he does come up with runners at base.
They're going to pitch around him because there's nobody else.
Yeah, because they want to pitch the Dawson right.
So you got...
You got spit for brains, sir, okay?
Go get a life, you idiot.
I sit and I watch every pitch of every game I can tell you the ins and the outs, the ups and the downs, the pathetic Dwight Smith
and all these other guys who couldn't hit their grandma from two feet away with a bedslat.
And you're giving me a lecture about Rino and the Cubser.
I've forgotten more about the goddamn Cubs since the end of the game last night than you'll ever know.
Okay, Mr. Hot Shot.
But thanks for calling.
We have an open line on the Star Line at Star IOD.
Let's do Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall.
Hello.
Yes.
Neil.
Yes.
I was wondering.
Come on.
Let's go.
Let's go.
This is not slow-mo radio.
Let's go.
Hey, I was wondering about Disney.
I'm surprised that while you were down in the dumps, he didn't take your mom out and convince her that you had to do the show from 8 to 10 hours.
Right.
Right.
He's working on that.
Well, he probably tried.
He couldn't find her.
She was at my house.
She wasn't home.
I'll bet you next week, he might come into your office and talk to you about that.
Yeah, I'll bet he will.
Into my office.
Yeah, some office.
Well, they fixed the air ducts in there, didn't they?
Yeah, they really did, man.
They went in doubt.
They cleaned it out.
And then your gallbladder got hurt.
Right.
So what do you think of the Marlins yesterday, the baby team?
I didn't watch it.
Oh, you didn't watch it.
No.
Did you see any of it?
Yeah.
How they looked.
That picture they had was a little bit erratic, but he was...
He was pretty powerful, I guess.
Yeah.
He was pretty powerful.
Yeah, he was...
Well, what were they doing?
Like playing baseball, having an orgy.
I mean, what were they doing?
I think a little bit of both.
A little bit of both.
Well, that's the kind of team we need here to bring some people out.
Now you're talking.
I'm getting my tickets tomorrow.
Good.
Have a great day.
Bye.
1246 at WY.
That'll fill the stadium up.
Let's get them out there.
Play a little grab ass out there every night, okay?
For the first 20 or 30 seasons till they get good.
Till they get it down right.
We have an open line in Dave County, 751 WYOD.
Pizza loft, not the fastest, not the cheapest, just the best.
That's what Jeff always says.
Good old ponytail.
And he really believes it.
He believes it because he knows that for over 15 years he'd be doing it right over there.
At Pizza loft, the highest quality ingredients.
Everything is made fresh from scratch.
Cook to order.
No pre-made stuff that's been sitting around.
No conveyor belt pizza.
That's why when you eat up there at the pizza trough, it is just incredible.
And you're going to love their award-winning lasagna and stuffed shells and manacotti.
And their baby cow parmesan and baked ziti, or as it says here,
Bact ziti, or their famous eggplant parmesan.
I mean, whoever typed this is probably in our sales department, okay?
Got an IQ of a moron.
And they'll deliver anywhere in Dave County.
They'll open our all major holidays, even Christmas and Christmas eve,
and New Year's Eve and Chavuas and Simcastora and Purim, and all the time.
And if you have any kind of a little get-together, they'll cater your holiday party or any kind of a get-together
for as little as four bucks per person at the pizza trough.
And don't forget the summertime special Monday through Wednesday by any entree at regular price
and get a second entree of equal or less of value for half price all summer long.
And I'll be looking for you a week from tomorrow night Wednesday, June 24th, 5 to 10 p.m.
with our Committals House stuff and a partridge in a pair of tree.
At the pizza loft, at 69th and Flagler upstairs in Miami,
just east of the Palmetto, called 266-5-1-1-1.
Don't cut fat dial.
Coming up this afternoon at two, it's Rick Brylean, Sons Coleman.
Join us then for Rick and Sons.
Some of you are your team.
Crap it all records.
Presents the Beach Boys as never heard before.
The endless binge is now available for a limited time.
Wouldn't it be like since we were sober?
Maybe then we could write some new songs.
We apologize for a good, good mom.
We have been around for fun till now.
The Beach Boys, singing their way to the top and belching their way back down.
Beer beer beer beer in a can.
Beer beer beer beer beer in a can.
Beer beer beer in a can.
Beer beer beer beer in a can.
Beer beer beer in a can.
You got me bobbing in a wee bit soon.
I will be even in a can.
Beer beer beer beer in a can.
The Beach Boys, endless binge.
Where could the John B?
Too much old grandad in me.
My blood is about to explode when I'm holding my own.
Losing the fight.
No bathroom insight.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, I'm so coped up.
Can't find the commos.
The Beach Boys, endless binge.
Yeah, available at rehabs everywhere.
That was getting more.
Sorry, they're still in Ding Dong school.
I'll play all the cuts on these.
Especially the ones where it says do not air number 17.
In fact, who listened to that?
Oh, anyway, it's 12.52 at WIOD.
And let's do a little.
There's one other thing here.
I think it's one of the newer ones.
Do not cut.
Cut number 17, 19, 29, through 36, 54, 59.
Oh, God, not that we're gun shy here at WIOD folks.
But boy, just look at us cross-eyed and we'll stop playing it immediately.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Oh, wait, I have to shift.
You have to shift?
That is what you said, isn't it?
Yes.
Okay.
I've done it.
How are you feeling?
You sound great.
You've done it, boy.
That was quick and quiet.
I like that.
Very good.
You sound really good.
It went well.
What?
Your surgery.
It went well.
I've failed.
No, I didn't hear.
This is like a game of art.
Oh, I can't recount the whole thing.
It was the worst week and a half of my life and I'll never go in there ever again anywhere
and it was just, it's over.
Oh, I know the younger.
I know the younger.
They usually do.
I am not knocking the younger.
Dr. Harold Unger is the greatest doctor on the face that I love Dr. Unger.
Yeah, he's great.
He is.
That's a little funny.
But some of the doctors in the hospital and some of the crap that I went through and some of the hysterical people that I was surrounded with,
who had me convinced on two different occasions that I was as good as dead,
I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Himmler, okay?
Well, maybe sometimes you'll tell a little episode.
Yeah.
Like, let me just tell you, don't ever go for a lung scan, okay?
Why did they do a lung scan when you were going for your blood?
When it says Dr. J. Mengele, when that's the name on the guy's little thing,
then you know it's the time to get running and screaming out of there.
I'm telling you.
I'm telling you.
Oh, you sound really healthy and clear.
I feel great today.
You can eat anything you want now?
Yeah.
Well, I can't get fat again, no, because I'm still diabetic.
That's probably just as well that I am.
It's like a little thing that kind of keeps me under control.
I have no choice.
Right.
It's good when you have a little something that you have to listen to.
Right.
Right.
I can't go over four or five hundred now.
Right.
All right.
Take care.
I'm glad to hear that you're back and you sound good.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Whoa, what a phone connection.
It's not her fault.
It's that phone again.
God.
Is there anything else on here we might want to play before they come back in here?
Amen.
Like we need to hit that.
Like the record guy called today and he said, there's nothing strong enough on what we got,
man.
We need to hit that.
The rest is been a long time since he was a mom and old dad.
Yeah.
That was even ours.
I got something wrong with him.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Holy Christ.
Wait, wait, wait a second.
Wait a second, fellas.
Just follow OCC.
I got it, baby.
Pretty weak, huh?
Oh, that's the same thing.
That's time, Lee.
Huh?
Not bad.
1255 and WIOD.
Let's go to Highly, uh, hello.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Great.
Hey, um, my friend, uh, his, uh, old, decrepit mother.
She had a gobleter out too.
Uh-huh.
But she went back to work like two days later, man.
How come it took you so long?
Because I'm a lot more old and a lot more decrepit.
Hey, you want to hear something, man?
That really makes me mad.
Yeah, man.
Do you remember, uh, now that the funk Joe Stone crab?
Yeah.
Well, wait a minute.
What do you mean now, defunct?
It's out of business.
I think so.
No, it's not.
Joe Stone crabs.
Yeah, well, anyway, when it was, when it was still open, yeah.
When it was still open, it is still open.
What are you talking about?
Joseph's not out of business?
Well, well, Joe Gerstin's Stone crab.
Well, anyway, I was standing there waiting for 45 minutes.
Oh, I think you got the wrong kind of crabs.
Look, 45 minutes.
Yeah.
You know, and I'm waiting there about to take me to my table.
Yeah.
They were just scoring me and then, and guess who walks in through the door
and then take, they take my table.
Luca Bratzie.
Hank Goldberg.
Really?
Goldberg?
Yeah, that guy, man.
And then they made me wait another 15 minutes.
Doesn't that drive you crazy with that geek says Goldberg at night?
What is that?
What is wrong with that guy?
Hank Goldberg.
Hey, that old man.
Get him off.
Some old fart from Boston who can't get a job on a real radio station.
Hank Goldberg.
Right.
Goldberg at night.
Why don't you, like somebody would say the Miami doffins.
The doffins.
Who the hell would say that except that Goldberg?
You should take him to fight night after the sun.
Right.
Amateur fight and beat the crap out of him.
Good.
But you're a went man.
I took you so long to get back.
Yeah, I did.
Huh.
Are you thinking you have a good day?
It was a good scam.
All right.
See ya.
1257 at WIOD.
We have an opener.
I'm sorry I'm not as much as your grandma, sir.
But...
As lady in town.
She's another doxed you.
And she needs to buy bread that is unleavened.
Ooh.
Ooh.
And she's buying bread that's heaven.
He lives on.
Ooh.
And the bread is wonder.
Ooh.
And the bread is wonder.
You know really gets me.
The people I complain about all the laughing and cackling on the Bob and Tom stuff.
Now you notice see this guy who did that.
They sold it to rock comedy.
Okay.
And without the other stuff in here, it's not funny anymore.
It's just not...
You know, it's not the same.
Wait a minute.
I just give you an example.
We got a little time to kill her.
Don't panic.
Just hang on.
You're not going anywhere, okay?
There's lady in town.
She's an orthodox Jew.
And she needs to buy bread that is unleavened.
But it's late and she knows that the stores are all closed.
And she really needs to make a sandwich.
Ooh.
And she's buying bread that's heaven.
Ely.
And the bread is wonder.
No comparison.
Not even a contest.
21 till 21.
What kind of a time is that?
We better do this mobile real quick.
Hello, time's up.
Yeah.
The whole thing is real quick about Hank.
You ripped you last week.
I don't think you heard this.
I called up and he said, well, he's just a speck on an ass.
Yeah.
I couldn't believe he said that.
I mean, I was with you.
And then he said I was a speck on an ass.
A speck.
Like a speckle.
Yeah.
I mean, that really bothered me because then he said, the people that call him are morons.
They don't have a life and who cares, you know.
Yeah.
Did you listen to H.O. last night?
I don't listen to H.O.
I told you to know.
He had a point last night about 20 after 9.
He was looking through the phone book to call somebody because he couldn't get a call.
Yeah.
He didn't get one call.
Great.
I mean, he's dying.
Last thing.
How was the London Brawler or the SNS?
Was it Thursday night?
I saw you.
The what?
London Brawler, you ain't at the SNS diner.
Yeah, right.
Was that Thursday?
Have a great life.
Every oil, G.
Whoops.
From near Roger's show.
It's the van to Tuwa.
Hi, V.
Oh.
Oh.
The energizer rap.
He just keeps going and going and going.
What do you expect?
He's a rabbit for crying out loud.
Exactly.
105 at WIOD.
What do you give me a look like that for?
What's wrong with that?
I'm an idiot.
It's such a wimp.
That's what just kills me.
You're such a wimp and such a goody two shoes, you know.
We have two open lines at Dade, 751-9463-751-WIOD.
A Rick and Sards are in early today, of course, for Dong Dong school.
And also our out of town number is open air for you, 1-800-944-WIOD.
Let's do Miami on the Star Line.
Hello?
Mail, what's up?
Yes, sir.
Welcome back.
Thank you so much.
Hey.
Just wanted to talk a little cup?
Yeah.
They're going off?
They're going off, right?
Just like an H-bomb.
Unbelievable.
You think you'll keep up?
Well, what can I say?
You want an honest answer?
You want me to be diplomatic?
You don't think so.
You never know?
No, that we got that Sammy Sosout of the lineup that could be the secret.
That could be the key to our success.
You think you're going to sign Dawson after the year?
No.
No way.
No way, Jose.
Hey, I can't afford him.
We got like Greg Maddox is going to be making 10 million in Sanburg 7.
That's the whole payroll.
We're just going to have two players out there.
Yeah.
I can't believe I got through.
I never get through to you.
It was a shock to me once it was ringing.
Yeah.
Well, they don't give a crap.
You know, I was out of here for 10 days or so.
They don't carry nothing phases this audience.
They're used to it.
Hey, I don't think I'm going to be able to talk to you anymore.
Why is that?
Because I'm switching.
I might be switching from one company to the other on the cellular.
Really?
And, you know, I don't want to be paying on my own dime these days.
Well, I don't blame you.
But it's been always been a pleasure, Neil.
Okay. Well, it's been a pleasure for us.
And Neil?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Have a good day.
107 and W.Y.O.D.
What a shame that is we're not going to be able to get those great
persprications calls from him anymore on our Bellsoft 3V mobility line.
Damn it.
Pembroke Pines.
Pymbroke Pines.
Pymbroke Pines.
Yeah.
Five-year listener, second time caller.
Yes, sir.
Kind of nervous, super bear with me.
Ever less.
Oh, geez, I almost feel a little scared.
What are you going to say?
Don't panic now.
Don't panic.
Stay calm, damn it.
Oh, God, don't panic.
And forget what you were going to say.
My girlfriend and I got into an argument.
Starlines opened, by the way.
Star I.O.D.
All right, let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
I want to see some tangible signs of life.
Now, we finally got all these lines lit up here.
Let's go.
We were coming back from dinner.
Your girlfriend was coming back.
Her dinner was coming back.
We were both coming back from dinner.
Yeah.
And I was kind of complaining about what she listens to on the radio.
Yeah.
Which is what?
Well, country and...
Oh, God.
Country.
Give me a breath.
She came back with,
were you listening to your she-hater?
Why?
She says it shows my mentality that I listened to a bunch of burpees.
You want me to tell you something?
I am so sick of these bitches who pretend that it's like,
well, this is just a show for men.
Women, it's beneath us.
We're too dignified.
We're not into that.
It's too low class.
We'd rather listen to TMI.
You know, who the hell are you kidding, bitch?
Well, I had a brain...
Slap her around a little bit.
God.
I ran home from lunch.
I'm late getting back now.
Oh, man, am I sick of that?
Everything's sick.
Could you leave a message on my machine so that every time she calls,
she has to hear your voice?
Yes.
Excellent.
My name is Kevin.
Are you rolling?
Everything's set, Neil.
Hey, listen, honey.
Kevin isn't here right now.
In fact, he's probably busy with somebody pretty hot.
So leave a message and maybe he'll call you back when he's good and ready.
Okay, bitch?
Thanks a lot, Neil.
I appreciate it.
Oh, and Cubs and the Orals in the World Series.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
109 at WIOD.
I just get so tired of that.
In fact, it happens all the time.
And it goes to these different appearances.
And like the young lady and she'll come up.
Oh, my boyfriend would love your picture and he thinks you're the greatest.
I don't listen to you, of course, but of course.
Of course not, honey.
Because you're too high-falute.
You're too classy.
Okay?
Put down your instrument and go get a life somewhere.
God.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hi.
Hi.
Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, listen, you and I haven't talked since you were at Wins.
Why not?
Well, several reasons.
And you might not want to know them.
But I wanted to tell you about my terrible, garb-labor operation.
Oh, great.
Well, just to be sure.
Yeah, I will take a long time.
Good.
Oh, God.
I've called you so many times through the years.
I got to a Rosenblatt.
Oh, everybody.
I never had any Dr. Rosenblatt.
Oh, you know who I'm talking about.
The one that wrote the book about doctors.
Yeah.
What?
Anyway.
No, Henry Rothblatt never wrote any book about doctors.
Yes, he did.
No, he didn't.
My son sent for it.
My dear.
You know my son.
And now I'm not going to tell you who he is.
Anyway.
Doubted.
Okay.
Neil.
I had an emergency one night.
I went to bed early and I had this terrible, terrible pain.
Yeah.
And I said, oh, my God, is it my heart?
What is hell is it?
I've only had six major operations.
So this, I didn't need this.
Anyway, I called 911 when I couldn't stand after an hour.
It was midnight.
And I lived right near where you used to be at wins.
And I was terrified.
Yeah.
Well, if I lived in that area, I'd be terrified just to come home every day.
Yeah.
Please.
My son has been caught in a rake in his room.
Berglabara, heaven.
Neil.
So what's the upshot?
What's the upshot?
I'm getting way behind here already.
All right, dear.
The first thing they did when the ambulance came was, told me on that, what do you call it?
Table.
Let's draw you on the gurney.
It's a gurney.
Yeah.
And he said, I'm giving you a shot of morphine.
I said, how do you know I'm not allergic to morphine?
And you know, that was midnight.
And when I came to it, four o'clock the next day, they had taken me to the wrong hospital.
Mm-hmm.
The operation was over.
The operation was over?
Absolutely.
I would have-
I would have-
I would have-
I would have been out for midnight or your-
You said the operation was over?
That's right.
And I was going to hell.
When I got home, I've been alone for 21 years of widow.
And I had this-
You know what, at the size of an avocado?
You know, this is not the normed cancho.
Okay, I just want you to understand that.
Okay.
I want to be abrupt with you, but it's not the normed cancho on the light bulb.
Who's normed cancho?
Good.
Very well put.
Excellent.
Very well put.
Neil.
So in closing?
You know, the size of an avocado?
Yeah.
On my breastbone, I have a hernia.
And the doctor operated on me and I wasn't supposed to have him.
His name was Fernandez, a surgeon.
Right.
Golden Glide.
He said, my son got in touch with him.
He said, you took my mother to the wrong hospital.
Right.
And she's got this-
Well, if it's the size of an avocado, have it for lunch.
It will be good for you.
Twelve minutes after one at WIOD, we have an open line in date, 7519463,
and an open line on the star line.
If you've got Bell's Authentic Mobility, man, we're itching to touch it.
At star I.O.D.
Ticketitis is sweeping this town man.
It's all over the place.
Ticketitis over 8,000.
Disgusting, smarmy, fascistic, traffic tickets are given out every stinkin' week,
and date in Broward County alone.
Ticketitis gives South Florida one of the highest motor vehicle insurance rates in the country,
but ticketitis can be cured if you fight back with our friends at the Ticket Defense Team.
Now, if you pay your ticket, just go ahead and roll over and drop the soap.
You get points on the record automatically.
Your insurance can increase or they can drop you all together, and of course your license could be revoked or a suspended sentence.
For just 99 bucks plus court cost, if any, the ticket defense team will send an attorney to court,
you don't even have to show up.
And they'll defend you on all non-criminal traffic tickets and accident cases,
and they offer you this money back guarantee, no points on your license or you get your money back so you have nothing to lose.
So next time you get one of these disgusting, insufferable, idiotic tickets,
pick up the phone and call Randy Maltosh for action fast, call tool free 1-800-741-8326.
1-800-741-8326.
Fight ticketitis with the ticket defense team.
Date from the award winning 6-10-WI-O-D news, it comes up at the top of the hour.
Let's discuss it.
Let's see.
What's this, a secret?
Why not?
If it was a secret, the audience would like that.
They like the inside stuff.
They don't like you, but they like the inside stuff.
He's talking to Jennifer Remmon there.
He don't have time to mess with you.
Okay, Jennifer's in her pocket in China.
Cut the crap, Jennifer.
We got to get a microphone on in here, okay?
Go ahead.
So anyway, that's payback for the day the queen was here by the way, Jennifer.
Do you remember that when a queen was in town?
And Jennifer was just like...
There's so many, which were...
...rethless?
Huh?
...Madea Roth.
Yeah, I remember that.
By the way, what is Hank with Hank with all these drag queens?
And he's got the drag queen, King of the Nites.
He tried to tell us something.
UCP is the door. I just walked down the hall.
Really?
Well, it's a high window.
I saw her.
Oh.
Now, what if she's in the building?
I don't give a crap if she's in the building.
What the heck?
I know.
What gives a crap about Piasidora?
God, I'd rather hear soupi sales again with the chuck.
That was good.
Did you see him?
Lately, he's like...
He must be gaining a lot of weight or something.
Yeah, I'm serious. He came in yesterday.
The sweat was pouring off of him.
He looked like Richard Simmons in drag.
And your new Piasidora was going to be here.
Oh, is that what they got worked up about?
Exactly.
So, what were you telling me now?
This is not a secret.
No.
Well, it can be.
What is a secret for me?
You know, I got to make a comment here.
Okay.
I really do.
I am so tired of the juvenile behavior of the powers that be in this company.
On the one hand, I go in the hospital.
They're like, I guess that must be it.
They're terrified of me.
They are.
They don't want to speak to me.
They absolutely don't want to look at me cross-eyed.
They're afraid that I'm going to like, what am I going to do?
Am I going to quit?
What the hell am I going to do?
Where am I going to go?
Something to think about.
It is.
What's the all-fusus number again?
No, but seriously, what is wrong with them?
Why can't they sit down and talk like...
Well, I was going to say intelligent adults.
I know the reason for that.
Like adults.
Why can't they sit down and have like a given, a taken, a young child?
Look at those lines drop off there.
God, they just heard the first note of your voice.
I know.
They're going to do that.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So the deal is we're going to get one of these digital things
to replace all of these cards that are here.
All these cards and...
Looks like there's a coin, a national forest in here.
So we put everything like on master stuff.
It just gets dumped into a hard drive where it just gets memorized.
And that's it.
And then how do you call it up?
You just punch up a...
Like if you want something to do with a D and you don't know what it is,
you punch up D, everything that's in there that's D,
you single it out, push a button, and it's on the other instant.
Well, wait a minute.
Let me ask you this.
You wouldn't put everything on that.
Everything's like...
Let me say it again.
You wouldn't put everything on that because if you want to use like
some little quick drop-ins or something...
I already asked that.
Like, for example...
Yeah, like that.
I already asked.
If I do not touch that, by the way.
If that card gets eaten up because you know he'll never say that again.
In fact, we'll ever get a hold of him again.
You have it.
Oh, he's got it on the master.
He's got a Orlando on him.
This thing could make...
Or a Orlando come alive.
I'm serious.
And yeah, you would.
If you wanted like eight or ten things that you use all the time,
you just punch them up and just have them ready.
It could make a Orlando what?
Come alive.
Better alive.
You're up in a suck me into that.
So to speak.
Seriously, what would you do with the drop-ins like?
Exactly.
And for example, like you're not going to have to punch up every time you want to do it like that.
You could have eight or ten of those just standing by.
What it does is it has like a buffer memory that just stores a lot of stuff that you need just all the time.
And then you have this big central memory that you can pull anything out and store it in the buffer
and then once you're done with it, get rid of it or leave it there.
Son, in other words, you would know automatically.
And just like I know we're a lot of these cards at least ten or twelve of them.
Right.
You know what that is.
It would be like in your head and you just hit that.
Exactly.
If it was a D7, then you would just punch up D7.
Yeah, all the time.
And it's great.
Well, what is it then accused of?
Automatically, you could make anything into it.
You could have him say in that meal guide in a loop forever.
Just over and over and over as fast as you want or as slow as you want.
He could do it over and over again as fast as you want.
Over and over as fast as I want.
You could make it faster, faster, faster, slower.
Slaster.
Yeah.
Exactly.
You could turn anything into a loop.
No, God.
Anything.
And he could, you could have him just say loop.
There are in big trouble with this.
And you could just have him go kneel, kneel, kneel, kneel.
You could cut it off and have it repeat.
You can cut it off and have it repeat.
Yeah, exactly.
Did you hear that line that I read from the story that the rich practice sent me about the loop
and the big thing with the FCC and where they're appealing the fines?
Did you hear that?
No.
Jim DeCastro, who along with Scott Ginsburg, are the owners of Evergreen?
And the loop?
Right.
And he's going on talking about why they're fighting back in the Senate.
He says, we believe that supporting our talent is the most important thing we can do.
Don't say that too loud.
Can you believe?
When I read that, I almost just did a number right in the waist basket there.
I could, I can't still, in fact, I'm thinking about it.
They make that stuff up.
Oh.
Sounds good.
Just exactly.
Yeah, believe it.
They're smart enough to make things up like that.
Just me, you know, they're just passing money under the table.
What can we say to sound good while we're doing it?
121.
We have an open line on the star line, if you know anything about what do they call this thing?
Digital.
What do they call?
A thing.
If you know anything about a digital thing.
It's a computer, it's just like a big memory.
And it just transfers everything into the memory and holds it forever.
Yeah.
And then you can just access it and.
It holds it forever?
No, God.
Sooner or later, it's got to let go.
And you could, you could just have to say, Neil.
Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil.
Why, why, why you so like fixated on that?
Why you are?
Because your eyes just lit up.
Oh, you are.
You're small potatoes.
Well, I wouldn't know.
Orlando, he's small potatoes in the nice guy, but he's like, uh.
I use that as an example.
What else would you like to use?
The guys that get naked for everybody, that's, that's not a challenge.
Where's the challenge exactly?
Exactly, exactly.
Right.
Just to hold up a pair of underwear.
Right.
I'm jumping in them.
We're out of them.
Am I going to do fuckers?
Clockers now?
Go ahead.
Why not?
They're the originator of Woodroasted Chicken in town.
In this neck of the woods, as they say in the chicken places.
And their chicken is marinated in citrus juices, fresh garlic,
and other herbs and spices.
And it's so good.
Neil, God.
And slow roasted over a hard woodflame rotisserie right in front of your damn eyes.
So juicy, so flavorful, and so tender, and so moist.
It'll just about melt in your mouth.
And the chicken too.
And it's low in fat and low in cholesterol and low in calories.
Remember the day they brought in that 50,000 pounds or so?
It's great.
It's the best.
It is fantastic.
And the parsley potatoes and baked sweet potatoes and cheddar cheese rice,
which now that I have my gallbladder on, I can eat by like the poundful.
And fresh steamed veggies and coleslaw of the best in town.
And of course, you can have lunch or dinner as little as 375.
But if you're really pinching those pennies or anything you can get your hands on,
try the kitty clock.
He used to work at Power 96, the Nikid-Kirik clock.
That's a quarter chicken, a side dish, and a drink offer just a buck 99.
Eat in or take that baby out at any of clockers, three locations in North Miami at 100.
I heard the day that you were doing a spot for, what was it?
I forget what it was.
It was like, and this never came back.
No.
It never came back.
Never recovered.
Exactly.
North Miami, 130 second street in Biscayne Boulevard in the shops of Arch Creek,
North Miami Lakes in Northwest 186th Street and 67th Avenue in the country club Plaza.
And the newest clockers in Hollywood, two miles west of 95 on Sheridan Street
in the Sheridan Plaza next to the movies.
See it all, it's not funny unless you say it a certain way.
Exactly.
If you say clockers, that's okay.
But if you say clockers.
This fall joint is for another exciting season of dolphins in hurricanes.
Football action right here on South Florida's sports station.
You know, the light, there's a ball bow in there.
There's no, there is.
There's a ball out there and there's one out in here.
And I hope that nobody takes this the wrong way.
But have you ever seen Igor and Gilbert together?
Seriously.
God, Igor, I can't believe that.
I thought Gilbert was in a, look at that.
With that light out, with just the light shining toward the back of his vaulty.
He's a nice guy.
Igor?
Yeah.
Super guy.
He's got a really sharp back.
He's got a meal or two or three like I've ever seen.
Oh, he can really pack it.
He does.
He cuts with that hatchet.
Yeah.
He does.
So anyway, it's 125 and W.W.W.
Do you want to take some hostility and venom here on the phone so they can cut that?
I don't want to head that Rick Rally.
Who show us this?
I came into talk to you.
I heard that one fuck me into these.
That one fuck yesterday.
Oh, wow, we're going to hear four hours about your crappy trip.
These people are just.
They're miserable.
You're miserable nasty bastards is what you people are.
They just want to share it.
Yeah.
So let's share.
Miami.
Deal.
You want to share?
Blow.
Yes.
How you doing?
Great.
Congratulations on your operation.
Thank you so much.
We'll send you a couple of stones.
My man will be there at 330.
Appreciate it.
The stone man.
Anyways, what do you think of those stupid people in Chicago burning down their city?
It's enough to make you want to upchuck.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's terrible.
I don't know what America is.
It's the American way.
It's the American way.
It's the American way.
Yeah, really.
It's like people are taking that up as a hobby nowadays.
Right.
Exactly.
There you go.
Hey, we won.
Okay.
Let's go burn down Macy's.
Okay.
Any excuse to throw down her.
Right.
Yeah, it's terrible.
I hope we never want to championship here in my ass.
Right.
Well, you know something.
Don't I don't think we have to worry about it.
Okay.
I think we're safe.
You think we're safe.
For a long time.
At least to the doctor's when it's super bowl.
Right.
Like I said, don't hold your breath.
So how you doing?
How's your body feel?
How's my hotspot?
Yeah.
My home business.
I feel pretty good today.
I mean, I'm healing up and I'm like all black and blue, but I feel damn good.
You sound great.
I do sound great.
Yeah, you do.
I agree.
Anyways, I agree on that 80's ice cream you bought the other day or you had someone buy it for you?
EADS.
Oh, that's right.
You never had EADS?
No.
EADS is the new hot ice cream in public.
Oh, man.
And they got like low fat or low sugar or like both.
It is.
Cheryl told me about it.
Oh, that cookie dough.
God to die from.
I had banana split last night and they've also got like butter pecan and rocky road.
Oh, and like.
Do they have that cookie dough?
That pre-lein cookie dough?
Yeah.
There's a new ice cream cookie.
If you have like raw cookie dough, it's really good.
They've got it now in ice cream.
And it will.
And like you are.
Like a few days after you've had your gallbladder out, it's really appetizing.
And then when you have a cookie dough, you're going to have a cookie dough.
Everybody eating raw cookie dough.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, we were here.
Here's like a white hot animal.
That's what I heard.
And you're going to have a cookie dough.
How come you got all the inside information?
And I can't find out a goddamn thing.
We have connections.
We were there while the lady was cutting it up.
Did he really say it had like about 200 little little little things?
Yeah.
Like he was the size of tomato seeds.
We had heard doing the report on it.
Yeah.
He said like two to three hundred stone.
Well, who the hell has got them?
They sent it away.
It's in like a museum.
Oh, yeah.
It's a national broadcast museum in Chicago.
It probably haven't arrived yet.
Yeah, they forget that.
Well, listen, yes.
I'm through here.
We didn't forget about you.
Oh, OK.
You're OK.
So are you planning on having lost any weight anyways?
No.
No.
No.
Everybody says, well, you were in a hospital for a few days.
You must have lost a ton of weight.
I didn't lose an ounce.
Nothing, huh?
No.
Because they think when the swelling goes down, you'll be surprised.
Yeah.
When the swelling goes down, I've lost like 40 pounds.
Right.
Yeah.
How was your operation the overall?
I mean, how did you come through?
How did I come through?
Yeah.
Barely alive.
If anybody ever says they want to put you in a hospital, sir, just scream and call for the National Guard, OK?
Well, I'll be honest with you.
I hope I never end up in a hospital.
Do you run like a bad out of hell, though?
But you will, sir.
No, you won't.
You will.
Don't let them do it to you, sir.
Only in a coma or in a box, I'm telling you.
I'm begging you.
Don't ever do it.
Trust me.
I'll be honest with you.
I'm 27.
I've never been in a hospital.
Not even for a broken bone.
And for sure you will.
Just when and doubt stay in the hell out.
Thursday.
I give you a little Thursday.
Just think in the back of your mind.
Neil told me, stay out.
11 a.m. Thursday.
No way.
Be in there.
OK, have a look.
I want to call a couple of people douchebags.
Yeah.
For a period in Hulu, we're ready.
There are a bunch of hot flaming douchebags.
OK.
Take care, Neil.
See ya.
Wow.
What's funny, nine.
I'm not here.
I'm reading the paper.
You invited me to be here.
I didn't invite you at all.
You're full of crap.
All the break is over and the microphone's on.
And you're asking me questions and all of this stuff.
You insulted poor little Jennifer who happens to be very sensitive.
Oh, I beg your pardon.
I love Jennifer.
I didn't insult her.
She happens to be about a sensitive issue as breathless.
Yeah.
And the queen is a...
Oh, I'm sorry.
I love Jennifer.
She's so breathless.
Wow.
But she had something.
I'll tell you one thing.
We used to work together at wins.
Yeah.
And she had the best taste in guys.
I'll say that.
God.
Well, guys have good taste in her.
Is she married now?
Can I rephrase that?
I think so.
See, I just move along when you do something utterly tasteless like that.
I think so.
She is married?
I think so.
Maybe not.
And I had this one Hispanic boyfriend.
I don't know.
I don't know what his name was, but maybe he's not married.
Maybe he's not married.
Well, even if he is, I never...
Exactly.
You know, this Latin guy.
130 at WIOD.
Let's do a Tamarack.
Hello.
Big, really, you stink, though.
Now, you notice how he built that up from the bottom of his balls?
That was thought that way.
He took another room.
Here's a mobile and Jupiter.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Yeah, I'm good.
The eye do sound good.
You know, it's funny.
I was listening to a few weeks before you were going to get your surgeon air bites and everything's my...
It's just the minor surgery.
Piece of cake.
A piece of cake.
It's not a minor surgery.
When it's on you, though, I'll tell you.
No.
There's no...
There's no such thing.
And of course, after it's all over, my doctor, my surgeon, my cutter, he's saying to me,
oh, you're right.
There's no such thing.
This is major surgery.
This is, of course, after it's all done.
Did I try to warn you, though?
Major surgery.
Did I...
My old man had a heart attack and his doctor said, well, it's just a mild one.
He said, well, hell, you eat the one laying here.
Yeah.
Right.
I ain't got nothing else to say, but I wish the luckiness sounds good.
Thanks.
How does Raleigh for a change?
Okay.
Well, what in a row?
You ought to have a great show today.
God, they love you today.
I told you, watch out for the anesthesia.
And I was right.
And he said, oh, no, these days...
I was going to sound like Pat Boone on dot records in anesthesia, huh?
If you want it to be a sure show.
Oh, okay.
That's a proper anesthesia by Pat Boone.
No.
That's one of the heavy crosses that I have to bear.
And I shouldn't say cross because, of course, he is a good devout Roman Catholic.
But...
Did you like Pat Boone?
When I was a kid, a Pat Boone, I didn't like Pat Boone.
I was obsessed with Pat Boone.
Twig 12 and twig.
Oh, yeah.
That's what I was obsessed with.
And love letters in the hand.
They write hand in your gland, yeah.
And he was just the April gloves and all those other great songs.
I know if sister.
Oh, God.
He wasn't a shame that's...
And of course, remember the Boone in the box picture, which shows you he may not be quite
as holy Twig 12 and 12 and a half is...
Well...
And then somebody that looked that good, he just used his holy...
Turns out to be such a phony.
Yeah.
Bible thumpet, goody toost, you as freaking phony as him.
What a...
But he had a good phony.
What a sad thing that is.
You know, really sad.
Phony, hypocrite, full of crap with his acne statin.
Guy never popped a pimple in his life, okay?
He just makes it maybe on his butt.
And then, you know, he was married to Red Foley.
He still is.
To a Shirley Foley?
Red Foley's daughter.
I didn't know that.
What do you...
I see that.
You've only been here a few minutes.
You already learned a very important piece of...
Wow.
And they were like nearly divorced, which of course, being Catholic, I imagine, wasn't all that easy several years ago.
And they find it like red came in and kind of like...
You can't do that.
Kind of like covered it all up.
Yeah.
With some of that country.
I liked him too.
I like all that, you know.
And...
I mean, his music was...
Why baby, why?
That was a good record.
Remember that?
I'm not record.
That was a big hit.
I think so.
No, you don't.
I remember...
I think you'd be eight.
And 54, when I was like three years old, I started playing rock and roll.
54.
Yeah.
With Elvis.
And Lil Richard.
Elvis didn't have any records in 50...
He had in late 50-4.
No, he did not.
No, he did not.
And Hound Dog's...
That's all right, Mama.
56 was Hound Dog.
Okay.
I thought it was 50-5.
He was on the other side.
Well, let's look in the book, Mr. Smarty Pan.
Oh, okay.
It's like the Microniri show now.
Woo!
By the way, did you not think that Foster Brooks was dead?
Yes.
And then all of a sudden, I mean, I called Chuck on that and all of a sudden he said,
did you hear what he's doing?
He's doing commercials for Hound Corps.
Now, I say, you're...
Do you know what that is?
For imponence?
He's doing commercials for imponence with a product called Hound Corps.
Well, if you drank as much as he did, you can get it up either.
He's 80.
Hound Dog.
What am I looking for?
Oh, I'm looking for Elvis.
Or that's all right, Mama.
Yeah.
Ah, geez.
What a crampy book this is.
Roger?
God, this book sucks.
That's all right, Mama.
Yeah.
I'd say that's about 55.
That's all right, Mama.
That's probably not even in here.
That's all...
That's not in here.
That wasn't a top 40 hit.
Okay, do Hound Dog.
It was Hound Dog and then Heartbreak Hotel.
56.
No, you're wrong.
Heartbreak Hotel was first.
In fact, Heartbreak Hotel was first and then I want you.
I need you.
I love you was next and then was Hound Dog and don't be cruel.
Okay, then it was...
You know nothing about Elvis.
No one's...
No one's a...
You're a fool.
No one's a...
No one's a...
Back up.
Nothing about Elvis.
I was four years old.
I remember listening to those.
Aren't you the one that started the conversation about how much you know about this and you know about that song?
No, I said I'm a fan.
All I asked you was about Pat Buhl.
I'm not concerned with dates and dates.
Well, the guy's dead.
I liked his songs, but he's dead.
All right, what am I looking for?
Heartbreak Hotel.
Are these chronological?
Is that the way this works?
Heartbreak Hotel, like I said, was first 310.56.
I was the one Blue Swade shoes.
I want you.
I need you.
I love you was the next number one hit.
Okay.
56.56.
And then don't be cruel and a hound dog.
856.
So I had it right on the money man.
You were right.
All right.
Where's that 3 million?
That's changing.
I'll give you a change for the 8.
Yeah.
For the 8 billion.
Yeah.
For what was that for?
Okay, I forget, but I won.
Was it bigger than a boon in the box?
Was that the question?
135.
By the way, if there's anybody listening at Mount Sinai Hospital, listen carefully to this.
This is a service called the biotech, biotech, whatever you call it, duct sanitizing system.
And let me tell you right now for years, hospitals and laboratories who care about the health of their patients and employees have been cleaning out those ducts, baby, because viruses and other indoor pollutants can originate right inside your air ducts.
Sanitizing is now considered essential.
And if you've got somebody in your family or in your orifice who has an allergy, this service is especially, I mean, it's like desperately needed.
So Candela air conditioning will give you a free estimate and they'll do a spectacular job for you.
Biotech eliminates microscopic algae spores, bacteria, mold and dust mites, mildew and odors.
They came and did this in my home.
They didn't hear in WIOD.
You notice now we're not choking and gagging.
You can actually breathe in here.
It's almost safe to walk into building.
Candela air conditioning, they've been doing it since 1982 with over 12,000 customers, one of the largest residential air conditioning specialists in all of South Florida.
And the end result of this biotech, by the way, is also a healthier system that's more efficient.
So you're going to save some money on those air conditioning bills from FPNL every month, too.
Check it out for a free estimate with no obligation called Candela air conditioning today at 255-6439.
255-6439. When in doubt, clean that baby out.
The opinion expressed in this program are not necessarily those of 16 WIOD or its partners.
I have no foreskin.
This spring time is here so I'm cleaning my kitchen.
I have to mop under my fridge at there.
I sweep up big dust balls in a couple of magnets.
I'm always grossed out by the things under there.
The more that I clean well, the stuff thickets we eat up.
My grandma's old ranchers, some green tea to crush.
I'm a little hamster that I lost with back in the 60s.
He's decomposing and his turning to dust.
Another one cleaned down there.
It's time to get them made.
Got to pass some rubber gloves.
So my hands don't smell that way.
Another one cleaned down there.
He's come to the boat my way.
Coming at me big and loud.
I hear the road just saying.
Here's a lot down here.
We like to sink and swell.
Drunk the boat away.
There's say no words for a town.
Here's a lot down here.
We like to sink and swell.
Drunk the boat away.
There's say no words for a town.
142 WIB.
Some of our friends from Boston sent me a couple of clippings from the Boston papers.
Jerry Williams annual sex survey on WRKO.
What is Jerry doing at a sex survey?
He's telling us like 97 years old.
Can't even remember what it was all about.
And I guess this is his only way of trying to reach back into his mind and getting a piece of it.
Or piece of something.
Sex survey draws love and hate response from listeners and the bitch that's on in the morning was all psychotic and didn't show up for work the next day.
Janet what's your name?
Janet Chigalian not on the job.
Rumor to have stayed away in protest of William's show.
Women over the age of 20 only were permitted to participate.
Colors were asked whether they'd like to be slapped, tied up or overpowered by lovers.
What their preferences are for fantasies and sexual toys.
How many lovers they've had and started at what age etc. etc.
She's doing the same thing out like Alice Rantell was doing on WS News 15 years ago.
Get a life Jerry will you?
143 here's Miami on a Broward line.
Yes sir Neil.
Yes.
How you doing?
Okay.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
I got calling the offensive of your show.
Hank Goldberg that that was ripping you guys.
Oh yeah.
They were cranking him and were cranking him and making fun of his show.
And he says the reason why the radio station is the females cause is because of the near-roger show.
Right.
He says that he's the...
He ought to kiss the ground that he's getting any calls at all.
Right.
So I called over there and he said saying, you wish you had Neil's ratings.
Yeah.
If you're showing Neil at the same time, he'll blow your way with his ratings.
I paid for the beard.
I was going back and forth.
You know what he does?
He cuts me off and he puts the call block on my day line.
Are you cereal?
I can't.
That's why I'm calling on your Broward line.
Yeah.
Well, Hank can't call you on day line.
He can't deal with the truth for it.
Well, that's when Hank's, you know, bigger weakness is he has a real difficulty in handling the truth.
He's a moron.
He's a fat slob is what he is, sir.
Yeah, he needs an animal.
Yeah.
See you later, Neil.
See you.
He's all right.
144.
And W.I.O.D., should I tell the story about how when I was out sick that he went running into a certain management office,
they're crying and whining because some of the stuff that we replayed on the best of tapes where I was ripping the cramp out of him,
and he was just psychotic.
Oh, geez, when Neil's here, I get ripped and when he's not here, I'm getting ripped.
Grow up, Hank.
When you're pleased, grow up and stop taking yourself seriously because nobody else does.
Even the daffins don't.
We have an open line in the center square and broiled 524 W.I.O.D., Miami Beach.
All Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, we're telling from the National Yudish Institute.
Uh-huh.
Then you make more use of your Yudish vocabulary.
Uh-huh.
Coxa hoist, how's that?
One open line in date now, 7519-463-751-W.I.O.D., hi, Alia.
How you doing? You sound a lot better.
I sound great.
Now that night, I feel great.
I feel great.
I am great, dammit.
We could have used Rick Riley.
You know, he could have made himself useful.
He could have looked for that cart where you're calling in from the hospital.
That must have been pretty good because I've had like 4,000 requests for it.
I haven't heard.
I'm dying to hear it.
I figured since he was there, maybe I can get him to run around looking for it before you left.
Do we have that, George?
Does it like exist?
Is that on a cart?
My call from the hospital?
Well, those bozos keep running around all over the place.
Let's see if we can't find out from them.
Marvins in Las Vegas?
He's the one who's home.
Marvins in Las Vegas?
Marvins is in Las Vegas?
Hey, you don't get there tomorrow, are you?
Doin' what?
No, seriously.
What the hell is Marvins doing in Vegas?
No, you mean on vacation?
Getting ready for Hank.
No, wait a minute.
I gotta hear about this because I'm missing out on something.
These guys keep getting freebies in Mexico and Rineries doing the Bahamas again Friday.
What, I get to go to a Mount Sinai hospital as well as what I get.
What, what is this, Marvins in Las Vegas?
For what?
Brain surgery?
You don't know.
We don't...
Some station thing.
Some station thing.
Hank, it's Hank.
What is Hank doing?
He's going out to Vegas again?
So he's setting it up for him over there.
That fat fart, they're sending him to Vegas again.
He winds up going out and doing KFI in Los Angeles and running the Hollywood Park to the track.
And then he gets the toughest assignments out in Vegas.
What the hell do we get?
We've been sent for like a colostomy bag on our side up at Mount Sinai.
That's where we get.
You know what you got?
I think you were set up.
Yeah.
I think you were set up at the hospital.
They send all these people that hit your show.
Steve came, sent them down there.
And they're the ones that gave you the hard time.
It had to be.
Nobody gave me any hard time.
I'll guarantee you that.
Listen, the only bad experience I had was at the loft.
But thanks to...
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
To his credit, to his credit, Mr. Ponytail.
Yeah.
You know, he was all right.
Well, what do you mean he had a bad experience?
Well, what?
We're sitting there that me and the family, right?
I got a four-year-old kid.
You know how kids are?
They don't chew everything.
So he starts choking on this spaghetti.
My wife stands up screaming and yelling.
He's talking!
He's talking!
Screaming and all.
Everybody in the restaurant happens to look at us.
He happens to pull the whole spaghetti out.
And then all of a sudden the roach comes crawling across the table
and starts screaming.
Oh, she's...
Oh, God.
And she started freaking out.
And the people around, they start freaking out because they just
are just rotating across our table and...
Is that the end of the story?
He just...
No, but he was good about it.
Yeah, I'm bad he was.
You guys don't have to pay.
Obviously, I was going to pay.
But I'd go in and I'd left the pit for the waiter
because the waiter was pretty good and he got us her drinks and all that stuff.
Well, that's unusual because Jeff usually charges like 50 cents extra for the road.
So you got a good deal.
Yeah, and he was okay.
Okay.
That's a great day.
Say goodbye.
And before you dig the whole any deeper, say goodbye.
I hope your breath gets better.
Okay.
Good night.
Oh, man.
148 at WIOD.
If you haven't tried the new Silverado Cafe in Davy, it is fabulous.
One of the finest restaurants anywhere in Broward County.
Start with one of their mouthwatering appetizers like mussels in garlic butter
or marinara or Maryland crab cakes filled with cheddar
or their tremendous Caesar salad.
And before the main dish, you might want to try one of their great pasta dish appetizers
like Norwegian salmon and dill cream sauce.
So for today's fresh pasta de jour or pasta primavera,
fresh vegetable sauteed in herb garlic and olive oil sauce over pasta.
And you can enjoy these before your main dish or also order them as your entree.
From the grill, try your choice of fresh fish or meat
like individually grilled rack of lamb chops or New York strip steak, jumbo shrimp,
or veal chop, just to aim a few.
And from the chef's corner, try that veal rusco.
That's a dish I had a few weeks ago at Silverado.
Absolutely one of the most incredible dishes I've ever had in my life.
It's layers of veal and cinnamon spiked eggplant with fresh cut mushrooms
and raisins and a light herbal marinara sauce covered in moderate jack cheese.
Absolutely mouthwatering or crown yellowtail snapper or the wine makers chicken.
A tremendous menu, great service and excellent atmosphere too.
And don't forget with Father's Day coming up this Sunday,
be sure to call today Silverado and make reservations.
Take that over to Silverado because he's absolutely going to love it.
474, 99, 92.
That's 474, 992.
Silverado was opened Tuesday through Sunday for dinner and for lunch,
1130 to 230, Tuesday through Saturday.
Again that number for reservations is 474, 9992.
The Silverado Cafe, there were 3528 South University Drive in Davy
between Griffin Road and State Road 84.
Here's 610 WIOD meteorologist Bob Sopher.
The arrival of South Florida's hurricane season
should remind us that it's a good idea to stay one step ahead of potential severe weather.
That's why meteorologists converse and I utilize state of the art equipment
to let you know about any storms developing that may turn into a hurricane before it heads our way
and in plenty of time for you to prepare.
Stay informed.
Stay tuned to South Florida's news, traffic and weather station.
News, talk radio, 610 WIOD.
Divided six, it's sports talk 610.
South Florida's most listened to sports show followed by Goldberg at night with Hank Holmer.
12WIOD.
She had herself a kid without a hobby.
Now she's getting flagged from our 90 BP.
Murphy Brown.
It is good.
Murphy Brown.
It gets down.
I'm Murphy Brown.
It's just a caring turn on TV.
Why is Dan Quale started picking on me?
Every time he speaks his work is in the way.
He's got a fucking bird.
He's just playing off the day.
Well, it's loud.
It's out of town.
We get down.
I'm Murphy Brown.
I'll see you once more.
A little baby.
You must have something better to do as VP.
Murphy Brown.
It gets down.
Murphy Brown.
It gets down.
It's just a caring turn on TV.
Hey Dan Quale.
Get a life.
You two.
Or get a potato.
153 at WIOD.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hi.
Not Fort Lauderdale anymore.
Well, that's okay.
You're permitted.
Well, thank you.
I wanted to let you know there are just a few women.
Probably a handful that you lived with.
Right.
Two or three.
Right.
TV being one.
I don't know if it's a class.
I know that, but I like it so much.
Yeah.
Your phone is from hunger.
Is it?
It's awful.
Really?
The worst.
Well, you can be on hold.
Listen to those damn commercials.
Now I'm hungry.
Yeah.
Well, at least you're in the car and go get some lunch.
That's right.
And I'm really counting on this deal.
You're not going to call me a bitch when I hang up.
Are you?
Now, yet.
Hey.
Watch yourself.
Okay.
Have a good day.
See ya.
154 at WIOD.
Well, she wanted it.
You know what I'm saying?
She would be disappointed.
I don't want to let her down.
Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
No.
Yeah.
That was the first time.
Wait a minute.
She's not so loud.
Okay.
The damn board here is hopping up off the thing.
First time in college.
Okay.
I just started listening to your radio station about a week and a half ago.
Yes.
Yeah.
This one.
Do you have a low college for pain?
No, I don't.
You don't?
No, I don't.
Why is that?
We're talking about what you did in the hospital.
Well, how do you know how much pain I was in or what the hell I went through?
I went in the hospital.
Yeah.
I know.
I had my right knee reconstructed.
In addition to which it wasn't the pain, it was the total experience.
It wasn't the pain.
It was the experience.
Oh.
In the anxiety.
In the psychosis.
In the stench.
In the heat.
In the wind.
In the cold.
In all the other crap.
It's not just the pain.
Yeah.
Hey, I got a good way to raise your ratings on your radio station.
Right.
You know the guy you always keep on picking on?
What are you talking about, sir?
This guy you keep picking on, you're hurting his feelings all the time.
He's always coming back at you.
You mean Fat Hank?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Why don't you guys go head on heads up, you know, like on the radio station?
Heads up about what?
Let's settle it for once and for all.
Let's settle what?
What is there to settle?
There is nothing to settle.
The guy is just a spineless backstabbing douchebag, okay?
Or go face the face.
I've invited him to come in here.
I have invited him to come in on the show, but quite frankly, number one,
he don't have the balls to show up.
And number two, I got nothing to talk to him about.
Well, you can't do nothing about it then.
About what?
If he won't show up.
Right.
Have a great life, okay?
Oh, God.
It's seen too many John Wayne movies that guy, I think.
156 at WIOD.
Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
How are you treating at the hospital?
What kind of a question is that?
You know what happens for a lot of these nurses is that when you're in pain,
as soon as you hit the button, okay?
They start fumbling through who's doing what doctors on call.
Because they usually, when you ask for a pink color, they kind of go through a doctor.
And by the time a doctor calls back and they're like, good stuff,
it's been three hours and you know, you know, so these nurses, they can't do anything.
My problem was mostly with the nurses, okay?
The nurses most of them were fine and all they liked it.
You know, the underlings were fine.
But the doctors in the hospital most of them needed a straight jacket.
Well, most of them.
They needed metal help.
Most doctors are out in the cafeteria.
I mean, all the experience.
I only wished that the ones that came in and got me hysterical
were a state in a goddamn cafeteria, okay?
I would have been a lot better.
That's where they stay most of the time.
That's where they belong, okay?
When nurses are trying to find them, they're out in the cafeteria somewhere
or in some gurney and some room with one of the nurses anyway.
Yeah.
Anyway, great, great talk to you.
And can I call somebody douchebag?
Sure, go right ahead, sir.
If it's going to make this call, any more, it's Omar?
Omar from Cisco, what do I call them?
Major, Major, deal.
That's not Omar.
There were some Mount Sinai, is it?
No, no, no.
No, no, that's not anywhere near.
They're picking on Omar from Mount Sinai.
God forbid that he goes down there, man.
Right.
And Gary also.
Gary and Mr. Chorino, that's right.
Okay, say goodbye.
Great, goodbye.
See ya.
God, mighty.
Man, these people are just like all this pen-up-emotion
and psychosis and stuff like from their liver that they're the bile
that they're squeezing out over the phone line.
Know why do we got so many crappy connections, man?
We got bile on the lines.
Sunrise.
I have no faith in doctors.
Let's go to Miami on the Star Line.
Hey, Neil.
You going out the bout last week, is there any time soon?
Not that I know of.
All right, everybody else here seems to be getting freebies.
I just, you've talked different times about Italian food out there.
And the only place we ever found good for Italian food was the Italian club
on Sahara and the eastern.
Never heard of it.
It's a good club.
I talked to a lady out there who's Italian.
She said that was the only place in town of a decent.
And we went there and it was real good.
It's a small club behind a used car dealer there.
You know, it's not fancy.
But the food is just excellent.
Okay.
Have a good trip out there when you go.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Have a good tip.
Okay, let's go to what are we doing here?
George is not putting anybody up.
I get what?
Why I thought we just did that?
Am I hallucinating? Sunrise?
What?
I thought we just did you.
Me?
You.
No, no way.
I'm calling for them.
Well, thank God.
What's up?
Well, I'm calling off-guard.
I was going to do my little ladies voice, but so much for that idea.
Yeah, that idea.
That idea?
That idea?
Okay. Well, take report.
Yeah.
Action on the Atlantic and federal.
They're going to be right in tickets for the next three days.
B&L Wheelchip vehicle.
Ran the light and ran into it in the car.
So they'll be right in tickets there for the next two or three days.
Because they'll patrol that area extra careful.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Well, that did it for me.
You put me over the top.
Okay. As long as I could put you over the top and under the tail.
Okay. Say goodbye.
Oh, God.
Jeez.
Chuck Meyer, by the way, is standing by.
I hope he's standing.
I don't want you to be sitting down.
You need to do a little calisthenics in there before the news.
Chuck came in here yesterday.
The man, the sweat, was pouring off of his fat, undulating body.
I'm telling you this man.
I'm worried about him.
He's going to be the next one in the hospital in the cardiac unit.
He's just turning it like a whale in the news industry.
He's just, I get it.
You need to some weight.
At least my stomach isn't purple.
Nice game last night, by the way.
Ooh.
Pay phone challenge.
Bill Bates, president of the unit.
