No car, edges, and paper in a toilet, focus at the top.
You dummy!
Use talk radio's 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, dial 751 WIOD from Dave in Broward 524 WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code, toll free 1-800-944 WIOD.
And Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialect star IOD.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show, a new start radio's 610 WIOD.
You know, fat rich reminds me of my mother.
I must factor it, would you like to start the discussion for you?
Well, I'm out of ammunition on this.
Let me talk, man.
Sometimes I feel, it lies in passing me back.
Sometimes I feel, that people know how to smile.
But when I listen to the old show, you make me look like a shot.
And when I listen to the old show, a new Rogers radio.
Pick that thing, baby. Pick it. We don't care if it ever heals.
1006 at WIOD, WSUN, WWCN. Happy New Year from all your Paisons, man.
We are doing it on a great Wednesday.
If you thought Monday was a little weak, if you thought yesterday was terminal, just wait till today.
You can tell. I mean, they are out there and they are shopping.
The economy is booming. You business people must be making millions.
Send a bag of money over here, okay? Just send us a big bag of money.
Because they are out there in a frenzy. This is great.
This is dynamite, huh? Outstanding at its wild.
By the way, our Camilla House total speaking is sent into money is $92,969.
Bucks in a mail hasn't even come in yet today.
So it will be over $93 for sure when we open up the first couple of envelopes.
And if you would like to help us out, you would like to help the Camilla House in a homeless.
And also pick up a really neat best of NELCD or cassette or T-shirt or best of rickened Spud.
All you have to do is call that AT&T Camilla House Hotline number.
It is toll free from Sanibel Island to Tala Huchi.
1-800-852-006.
1-800-852-006. Just whip out your visa master card.
And don't forget, fully tax deductible donations, of course.
So if you want to deduct it from your 92 income taxes today and tomorrow,
your last two days to sneak it in there, okay?
Like your couple of grand or $500 or $10 or whatever you want to give.
And we thank you in advance.
Mark Clayton is doing it again, opening up a big, big mouth.
I mean, Lisa Olson is in Australia.
Did you read Dave Hyde's column in the sunset this morning?
Probably not if you're in Tampa or for Myers-Betuff, but Anna's.
I mean, she's in Australia or someplace.
She's down under. Can we say that?
At least Olson's down under.
And she's probably peaking too.
But he keeps opening up a big mouth and just goes on and on and where it stops.
Nobody knows, but we can only.
And then Tom Jicca's got a big, big column today.
Did you see that?
In the Sunset and all arts and entertainment,
Stan Major is back almost non-stop.
How do you like that?
Almost non-stop.
Like about 600 hours a day.
Only he's live, not on tape.
Like we're going to be on SUN.
So he's going to be doing three to six in the afternoon on WNBM.
And Suts calls it radio mumbling.
And overnight from 11 to three,
that sounds like four and three is seven hours a day.
God, even at the rates, they got to be paying.
That means in about two, three years he ought to be able to pay me back that money, shouldn't he?
How come it is that guys who do that late night show starting 11 o'clock at night seem to owe a lot of people money?
Is there some reason for that?
Maybe it just kind of runs with the territory.
So nice going, Stan.
WNBM, one of America's real mumbling stations.
Big thing here by Tom Jicca.
A lot of rumors in a business by the way, but you don't want to hear that crap.
Okay, too much inside stuff.
Nobody cares about the business.
Nobody cares about rumors.
Nobody cares about anything.
And by the way, Boy Geary says Paul Castro Nova blows.
So he's not going to be doing anything on his station.
That's what he just said.
He said he sucks.
Now speaking of our commos house stuff, this Thursday night,
we want to remind you we got a big, we got big new ones coming up, man.
The big orange New Year's Eve celebration this Thursday night.
We'll have a booth next to the 610 WIOD stage at the Winter Wonderland area in Bayfront Park
at the south end of the park from 8 p.m. to midnight.
A randy's going to be doing her show there that night.
Rick and Sputter coming back after doing her show there in the afternoon.
They're coming back there again, again.
And doing like 11 to 1230 to help ring in the New Year and help all the drunks out.
But anyway, all commos house items will be available for purchase at our booth right next to the impressive 610 WIOD stage.
These and MasterCut will be accepted. All the goodies will be there.
So there'll be good opportunity to pick up some crap.
Okay? And it'll sound real good on New Year's Eve because you'll be so plashy that you won't know any better.
Look at all these calls here, man. Tamarack. Hello.
Tamarack with a phone up.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir. Turn that radio down.
Okay, I'll get on the phone there.
Ah, yeah. Get on the phone. Spend it around a couple of times and turn down that radio.
There we go.
Sorry about that, Neil.
That's okay. Don't panic.
Hey, I just wanted to call and say I'm going to be leaving soon. I'm the guy from Hershey.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
You're heading back on up the Hershey highway, huh?
Yeah. Well, I'll be damned.
I just want to say you have a great show.
Yes, I do.
And yesterday I went down to a Sawgrass Mall.
Oh!
Yeah.
And how was it besides crowded is a shot.
Yeah, very crowded.
Boy.
But the bad thing was I found an amazing. I couldn't even find me a pair of jeans and a whole entire mall.
Why not?
I don't know. I looked in every single store.
Because you know the answer to life is in your jeans. You don't know that, don't you?
Yeah, I do.
Yeah.
I just want to wish you a happy new year.
And the same to you. You sound a little bit depressed about leaving.
I can't be because it's 80 below zero up there, can it?
Well, we looked on the weather report. It doesn't look too good.
Yeah. When a candy gets frozen, it's not too palatable anymore.
Yeah. I just want to make a request.
Sure. I want you to play everything disgusting, rude and ignorant.
So I can hear it one more time.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
This could be the greatest call in the history of the human race.
Even Alexander Graham Schwartz is excited about it.
Have a great trip back and a great life and we'll see you maybe next year.
Yeah, can I call somebody a douchebag?
Sure. Get it out of your system.
It's all my people I hate and Hershey.
You chicken neck, dog smelling crap, licking douchebags.
And?
Oh!
See ya.
Well, so what's wrong with that?
You pop out on the scene, make the girls scream.
12 minutes after 10 on the famous exciting, thrilling, vibrating IOD network.
Here's Chuck Meyer, Joey Reynolds, Tom Hopkins,
Germanic Schwartz-Gorendy Roads, each weekend, right here.
Germany, IOD, transfer field.
Iped little island full of gay romance.
They wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants.
On drenched top to bottom every day.
Blessed with the miracle of being gay.
The very best of packets in the USA.
Giving baked, baked pleasure in a baked, baked way.
The very best of packets in the USA.
Giving baked, baked pleasure in a baked, baked way.
Kasterfield.
Join the big swish to Chesterfield Queen.
You choice of the bags of America.
If you're lucky, you're lucky.
If you're lucky, you're lucky.
If you're lucky, you're lucky.
If you're lucky, you're lucky.
10-16 at WIOD.
Bob Green's in the building of the day.
How do you like that?
Oh!
Little slow today.
Well, hey, I'm sorry.
I'll come too old to reach your way to hell over there for those buttons.
We may be getting that new triple deck car machine one of these days soon.
If Mitch Ween ever stops being such a jerk.
Should we do the whole show on Mitch Ween today?
God.
Just, we're not at, we don't care how the studio looks, okay?
I mean, the head hot shows are coming in here Tuesday for 10 minutes.
And they're looking here.
We'll have it all cleaned up.
And it'll be really beautiful and spickened span.
Oh, we can't say that.
George gets hysterical when we say spickened span.
I mean, if it was good enough for Rosemary DeCamp.
No, she was selling 20-mule team Barracks, so I think.
Rosemary DeCamp and Ronald Reagan was selling Barracks, so.
But anyway, the point is, we don't, this isn't, this is radio.
We don't care about how it looks in here.
I mean, yes, it's nice to have it looking reasonable.
So in case anybody important ever comes in, which rarely happens,
it looks really spiffy and neat and exciting.
And when they bring all those broadcasting school students in the control room
and they look through the window and here, it looks really impressive.
Oh, isn't that neat? Isn't that cool?
You know, right.
We'd like to have some crap in here that works.
So on the year, it sounds like we have our act together.
We don't have to like reach on the floor.
Right. Every time we do something like that.
The audience could only see that we have to like crawl on the floor
and reach around and it's like milking a cow.
Every time you go to play another damn carton here.
Oh, man, that one was good.
Ooh. Here's a deer field. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing, sir?
Happy new beer.
And the same to you.
Hey, I'm kind of behind the times.
You're kind of behind?
Behind the time.
Yeah.
I just saw them at Downer Book for the first time yesterday.
Now, did the thing fall off of it?
Well, I don't know, but there's a guy in there
that looks a lot like Mark Clayton.
Yeah.
Except he's got something in his hand so it can't be him.
No, nothing that big.
Have you seen that?
No.
I have the book because Randy Rhodes of all people
bought me a copy of Great Ex-Personal Expense
and the cover falls off of it and you can't put it back on that binder
because it's a piece of crap for 50 bucks.
And I just leave through that thing and I just keep asking myself
why would anybody, unless the most desperate,
I mean, I mean, so desperate they might like rub up against a tree.
Why would they buy that piece of crap?
Especially for 50 bucks.
Well, trees are hard to find.
That is true.
Trees are hard.
There's a land south floor.
To find, yes.
I think she's in there somewhere, isn't she?
She's in there in the tree.
In the book?
Who?
Randy.
Randy is in the book, yes.
In fact, she's, it's a, it's a, it may come as a shock to you,
but the person you think looks like Mark Clayton holding that thing, that's Randy.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Is this the shaved head?
The shaved head, that's Randy, okay?
And I'm talking to you.
She goes out to those doffin things.
Yeah.
And tailgate party, she puts on makeup, it takes her like a day to put on that appearance.
And then she like comes in here and she looks just like that picture.
There's some naked girl walking down the street, some were hitchhiking.
Right.
I'm glad I wasn't on the street that day.
It was kind of a scary picture because it was Madonna.
Oh, that was, she looks like that.
That's exactly what she's saying.
And the smell's bad.
In fact, there was an aroma all the way across the MacArthur Causeway that day.
Well, listen, have a real happy, sir, and don't look at that thing too close.
Or the book either.
Okay.
We have an open line in day, 751, one and brown, five, two, four, one on our, a sterile line.
I heard Rick and Sudge yesterday doing something that was kind of interesting and killed some good time.
Well, I wasn't really that interesting.
They were like doing what we do once in a while.
That is like pick different cities.
Now what happened to the map I had in here?
I see a whole bunch of stuff I had in here like just disappeared.
What happened to the Florida map?
You know, this place is unbelievable.
Why the hell would anybody steal a road map of Florida?
Or a road map of anywhere for that matter?
Where the hell did that go?
Somebody's been like cleaning house.
I think they took one of Bob Green's memos a little bit too seriously.
And I mean, the guys from Atlanta are not going to be looking inside the file cabinet, Roger.
I mean, I don't think we had to go through here and throw all my crap out.
Where the hell's my goddamn road map?
And so they were picking like some really exciting places like Newport, Richie,
which I didn't think was too original because there was like risking that Bill might call in,
but thank God it was somebody else.
We actually had a call from a mobile in Immaculate yesterday.
I knew we had made it big time when we got a call from a mobile in Immaculate.
I spoke to Tom Velvito this morning by the way for our big, our growing Tampa St. Pete Clearwater alludes audience.
And he's just happier than the picking slop.
I mean, this man is just ecstatic.
Now, why are you putting him on the air?
And why are you calling?
What is it? Why are you calling us today again?
Clyde.
What is it?
He's not there.
Clyde.
Clyde.
Did you, what happened to him?
Did he expire?
We can only hope so.
Was he on there?
Clyde from Cape Coral was on there.
Don't ever call us again and don't tie up our goddamn lines.
We hate you like poison.
You're chronic.
You're rolled in.
You're demented.
And you smell bad.
Huh?
What?
Tell Adam to call him.
You know, you are just out of control in there.
I'm trying to do a radio show here and all you care about is food.
And I feel great.
I want to thank Ron Font and the Terry from the Unicorn again,
the champion juicer.
You want to go out and get a juicer.
You go to a health food store and buy the champion.
Don't monkey around with these pieces of plastic with this plastic wrap.
That thing is so strong and it's got a motor.
You could put like a tree in that thing and wind up with juice.
I mean, it is, I wouldn't stick my finger in there for too long though.
Unless, you know, you want to lose one or two.
Unless you want to make a little pita bread sandwich with a bird.
You, the bird called Rick and said yesterday to, by the way,
we heard you.
You're not full of us, birdie.
Boy, holiday time.
Everybody's busy doing stuff.
Not the bird.
He's on there like twice in two days.
He's on here.
Boy, he sure misses us.
You know what?
He misses this place.
He'd like to pretend that he does miss all those free meals.
Oh, speaking of free meals, George wants Adam to call in immediately.
If you're in the truck, if you're in the van, if you're like in a,
anywhere, just pull off the road immediately and call.
Doesn't he have a cellular phone?
He does.
So why does he got to pull off the road to do that?
He's in the van.
Why is that?
The van has a cellular.
I don't think his Honda Civic does.
Why not?
What is he?
Some kind of a schlepper.
Don't have a cellular phone?
Come on, Adam.
You're a Jewish.
Let's get with it, baby.
Kind of a moron, are you?
He wants you to call a bat line immediately because he wants you to be a flunky.
He wants you to go over and pick up our salads at Sunnies.
Because the Sunnies not there today and Robbie's all alone as usual.
And they're delighted to make us some nice lunch today.
But there's nobody to bring it over here.
Why can't we find somebody in the building?
Now that Mitch Lewis has gone, we're really, oh, geez,
I knew he liked him for some reason.
If we see the deal was, seriously, if we'd get him some free lunch, he'd go pick it up.
He didn't have anything else to do anyway.
So he'd go pick it up.
We're going to miss Mitch Lewis.
You marked my words.
I'm not taking any shots at anybody else in the building.
But we're going to miss Mitch Lewis.
Trust me.
1023 on the IOD Network.
Coming up tonight at 8th, following Sports Dogs 610.
It's the Rendy Roadshow right here.
Rendy Rhyotee.
Sports, Quirk.
Sometimes I feel myself.
Oh, this is the worst day of my life.
Well, you seem kind of upset.
Oh, it's you.
Well, watch the trouble, honey.
It broke up with Don and Monthaca.
Started eating Tom.
Now I'm pregnant.
I don't even know who the father is.
Well, well, it sounds to me like you could use a bowl of home cooking soup.
Soup.
Didn't you hear what I said?
I'm pregnant.
Soup is not going to help you.
Well, when I knocked up your grandmother, the first thing I did was cook up a nice hot bowl of home soup.
You didn't knock up my grandmother.
We're not even related.
Well, that guy asked mom and dad.
They don't even know who you are.
Well, now.
How are you?
Anyway, who let you in here?
The door.
Why were you always hanging around pushing that damn soap?
Well, it's pretty good, too.
No, if you don't ring all the phone, you're dead.
What?
Can I finish my soap?
Nothing keeps them coming back like the great taste of home cooking soup.
That is a lunches shot.
1027 at WIOD.
So Mona Lisa delivery is going to be bringing us our lunch today, huh?
Little Alex.
Are they going to let him in there?
God, almighty.
I'm not going to get started.
Don't look a freby in the mouth.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249463.
Let's do Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Happy New Year, sir.
Right, Neil.
Yes?
I want to make this short.
I said happy New Year.
Is this the same sour push that called yesterday?
No.
That wants to ruin our holidays.
It is.
It's that same old disgusting part that called yesterday.
No, no, no.
That hates me like poison.
And why are you listening to the show?
Neil.
Why are you listening again, sir?
Neil, this is the first time I ever called you.
Like I said, happy New Year.
Likewise.
Okay.
Can I tell you my story?
You sound like your same old part that called yesterday.
Short and sweet.
That's why we like it.
That's me, short and sweet.
Every day in my face, cool.
You regard to the same Cuban as who I picked up as face.
Get out of here.
Call the light, Paul Boca.
Go put a rock through Keynes' window or something.
Get out of our face.
See what I mean?
Why do these old people insist on trying to turn this into geriatric radio?
Call up FLA and tap them.
They'll talk to you for half an hour.
Give them the number.
Let them talk to Mark Larson.
And be sure to use a lot of right-wing lingo in there, like Feminazi.
Mention that several times.
God Almighty.
We don't want to talk to you, Sir.
It's not that we don't like you.
You may be a hell of a guy all the way down it.
You sound like a condo commando to me.
So the juicer is great.
I'm telling you, man, I feel so much better.
I'm full of piss and vinegar.
I am just got energy that hasn't been invented yet.
What's wrong with that?
There's nothing wrong with that.
It's just an old saying.
They were stating the pilgrim said that.
As they sat down for the first Thanksgiving feast,
they probably all said that.
Boy, I got so much energy from eating that bird.
I'm just full of...
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Good morning.
How you doing?
So I do like that old fart that wants to call and turn this into a ethnic...
I mean, it's the day before the last day of the year,
and two days before the new year, and everybody's happy and getting their party papers out.
Happy New Year to you, Sir.
Damn it.
You blew that guy off from where's that coral, something that corals his name?
Thank God.
No, what is his name?
Calvin.
Clyde.
Clyde.
Clyde.
Oh my God.
I heard him.
I thought I was going to fall into a corner.
It took me an hour to get the show going again after we hit him on there.
And now you only mean I kept him on it because I thought he was going to croak on the year,
and I think this time he may have.
You notice there was nothing there.
This guy, he just blew off.
I saw the thing with Steve Kane yesterday, didn't he?
I had to laugh.
I missed that.
Thank God.
No wonder I'm in a good mood, but I came in this morning,
and I'd ride your clip, the article out, and they three-pound rocket
to pass on your side of Radio Talk Show hostique Kane's borrowed Toyota Corolla.
Borrowed.
What does that mean?
Well, I got bad aim.
I'm sorry.
Shattered the wind shield and showered his three-year-old daughter's car seat with glass
splinters.
Of course, she wasn't in there.
What scary is we almost brought her along, he said.
She would have been blinded.
Oh, man.
Yeah, but of course, she wasn't in there.
And the reason she wasn't in there is probably because it happened in the parking lot next
to the station.
He just picked it up and put it in there and then, oh, let's call the press.
Let's get some press on his.
Listen, I got to call you and thank you.
I went out and rented Steve.
Anytime you mention a movie.
I have two things in life that I have the best taste in the world in.
One is movies and two is bodies.
Okay.
Male, female, and Rodgers and between.
When I see something that looks hot, believe me when I tell you it's universal.
And the same with movies, it's universal.
Like Dracula, that was universal.
These people that haven't seen Orlando, I don't think they know.
They don't know what life is all about if they haven't at least gone up and pated them
on the arm and said, hey, that's a nice jacket.
Can that be felt?
He's a good looking guy.
He's not a good looking guy.
He is God-like.
And listen, this guy that called you yesterday, state of grace.
Oh, and look at who's on, look at who's on Regis this morning.
That's what's her name from not slanting.
What is her name, George?
The blonde, oh, geez, what's her name?
No Phillips.
Who?
Michelle Phillips, right.
Boy, she looks bad.
This guy called it and told you to rent state of grace.
Don't waste your time.
It's stuck.
It really does.
It sounded like a sued kind of a man.
But I'm going to tell you a movie that you're poo-pooing, that you really should see.
It's got everything in it for everybody.
A few good men.
Basic instinct.
It really is a good movie.
Basic instinct.
It's got Michael Douglas.
Oh, you don't want to see Michael Douglas naked again.
I can't.
He looks like Ron Jirami.
Man, he's got too much hair.
I don't want to see him naked.
I don't want to see Harry Ugly guys naked and rolling around and riding in bed the whole movie.
No, no, no.
You won't see him rolling around.
He doesn't make the movie.
He doesn't make the movie.
The movie is great.
I want you to watch the Godfather 3 this weekend.
Yes.
And I had to watch Francis Ford Coppola's daughter and all these other people.
Don't tell me that that wasn't a good movie.
But it was a great movie.
So you got overlooker nose.
That's like overlooking Dave Games' body when he's blocking out the crime scene.
I'm saying it was sick.
So you don't look Michael Douglas's ass.
That's all.
And just the movie is great.
Okay.
It's got something for everybody.
Well, I got to confess that the other one was really great.
Fatal attraction.
That was a great movie.
And then you mentioned a shattered.
I saw that a long time ago.
I'm a baringer.
That was a good movie.
But how come the voice was the same?
Am I nitpicking now?
No, yeah.
I knew I knew I knew what I figured that movie out of when he wrecked the car.
I figured that movie out of the car.
I didn't.
I mean, when I pulled that body out from underneath that tank of mong and a ship.
Yeah, I knew what it was.
And it was his face.
I know.
It kind of shattered me for me.
And I thought, what the hell is this all about?
But I'm going to tell you if you.
The good actor in that movie though was the animal guy.
The former private detective.
That guy was funny.
He was a good actor.
You like Basic Instinct.
You go go rent it and then come back on.
And I don't care what birdie says over there in Lakeland.
A kiss before dying with Matt Dillon happens to be a pretty damn good movie.
Pretty bizarre.
And I hate Matt Dillon.
He makes me nauseous.
A kiss before dying?
Right.
I have to run out.
Which is a remake of an old Robert Wagner movie I'm told.
But it's a very good flick.
And listen, I want to thank you for one more.
Wait a minute.
It says, why does Gerardo grant women to take off their shoes?
Oh, God.
Can that be felt?
Now go ahead.
Thank you for getting rid of the bird and have a new year.
And have a great life.
Audio.
Is that how you pronounce it?
Or is it Harado?
Huh?
Ha, ha, ha.
Huh?
Gerardo?
Is that it?
Well, I don't know how you people.
You people.
I feel like Ross Perona.
Now you people, I don't know how you people pronounce your name.
It's like the mayor that heartless, cool, obnoxious mayor.
One day it's Javier and one day it's Xavier.
What the hell is your name anyway?
Besides heartless and cruel and indifferent and obnoxious.
And so Bob Green tells me that Javier Xavier Suarez
spent like a half hour on the phone with him,
sucking around and trying to convince him
that he'd be ecstatic to come on.
He'll show any time that Neil wants.
We don't have any guests on this show.
Much less any heartless, cruel, obnoxious political horrors.
Like Javier Xavier, whatever his name is.
It cares, it cares, it's for girls.
Anyway, 1034 on the famous, on the growing rapidly
and their love in it, IOD Network.
Catch the latest news from the 610 WIOD News Center each hour.
Plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast.
WIOD.
I am an imbasaur.
It was on a Saturday morning at exactly 904.
But nothing could prepare me with a knock on Riley's door.
He was rousing, he was grumpy, and in that need of a shave,
he was just about to put a cad into the microwave.
I asked him to step back through many cities.
He didn't care, he was reading the sunset,
no, he was underware.
I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be.
And there was fix to crucifix a fix for all to see.
I didn't seek salvation.
I had come to mold alone.
But I found Jesus in Rick Riley's jaw.
Yes, brother, Rick, he changed my life up on that big mold.
They just by the time I washed my hands, I'd washed my sins away.
Now I'll learn to be intolerant.
I'll wash padropper, and sun, and I'll go for a pad.
You can't even even visit a rug.
I'll pretend to be a hipster.
But my liberal days are gone.
Because I found Jesus in Rick Riley's jaw.
But...
Kind of like my my.
1039, kind of an ethnic version of my my.
Look out now.
Open line of dates, 751, and the star line.
If you got Bell's Authentic Mobility,
Michelle Phillips looks like she's 100 years old.
She looks like the mamas and the poppers.
Oh, God, does she look old.
But hey, she don't have to worry about it too much longer because we know
Nats is going off and LA law is going off.
You can only milk a good thing so long and then it runs dry.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, me.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, good.
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year.
And the same.
Good.
I'm real excited to call you because I too bought my champion
juicer unicorn village a few weeks ago.
It was my, well, I guess my Hanukkah resolution.
Really?
Healthier, yeah.
And what I'm doing is in the morning, I stopped drinking coffee.
I gave up coffee and I of course needed to pick me up.
So I drink carrot juice in the morning and I put an apple in it.
So it's really sweet and I get so much energy from it.
It's incredible.
Really?
Sounds like you're about to burst right through the phone.
Me too.
I've been waiting so I'm getting energized.
I have, I feel so much better in a week and a half.
And I'm sure people think that it's a scam.
I have no reason to say that because I've had a crappy
year as far as health.
I mean, ordinarily, I'm not that all on mediocre health.
But I feel like I've just been born again if I can say that.
Well, I know what you mean because I went to a coffee with
Dorault and it was really hard giving up coffee.
And I needed that cup of coffee every, every single morning.
Yeah.
So I didn't know what to do for two weeks.
I lagged.
And then when I went to unicorn one day, they were making the
carrot juice and I was dragging.
And that's about two o'clock making it.
You were dragging it?
Yeah.
Dragged and drugged out.
So I had a little cup and on the sun, I had energy.
So I had more.
And then I was flying.
So I said, OK, let me try it.
So now every morning I have it.
So it's healthy.
I get my vitamin A, my name is Patrick.
Got mom, you up like a snare drum.
I mean, you're just like an alarm clock.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, it's more than coffee.
It's almost too much.
Right.
Then I also, a friend of mine, turned me on to, and this is
what I really wanted to tell you.
I freeze my fruit.
And I slice up my fruit.
You freeze your fruit.
I freeze my fruit.
I take mango and I slice it.
You know, that's what they did at Disney World
as a matter of fact.
They froze their fruit.
Oh, I'm sorry, Walt.
So I freeze mango.
I freeze strawberries.
First I wash them.
Then I cut them up, put them in a baggie.
Put in my freezer.
I freeze the bananas.
I have to go.
Wouldn't that be a great show at Miami arena
Disney on ice?
Frozen fruit?
Yeah.
Well, he's frozen.
I didn't think about that.
Every time.
And don't you know that that Walt Disney is like frozen?
Yeah, he, oh, right.
He did that cryogenic to whatever they call that.
And he's like frozen so that when they have the big
remedy in 7000, yes.
Wow.
When you got the big bucks, they freeze your ass.
And then he'll come out one day.
Just his ass, right?
He'll be walking.
Among us.
His ass will be walking around.
Not the rest of them just his ass and look kind of strange,
but we'll know who it is.
With all the other frozen fruit.
Right.
There's a lot of it up there in Orlando.
Yeah, I'm sure that's why I'm not there.
I guarantee that there's a lot of frozen fruit in Orlando.
No, good.
But anyway, I'm glad you're doing well.
And I'm excited.
Yes.
I like my frozen fruit in the champion juicer.
Yeah.
And you put a little thing.
There's a little thing that comes on bottom.
I don't think I'd want to put my little thing in the champion juicer.
I'll tell you that.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Oh, god.
That thing, when you turn that switch on, you better be prepared for the world of
COVID.
Oh, no.
Oh, it's great.
I don't think anything could ever happen to that machine.
No.
Like you said, you could put a tree in it.
But you know, I was just talking around front of a minute ago and he told me that you
have to put a drop of oil on that thing.
Oh, you better.
Because otherwise, I didn't one day and the next day I could hardly get it off.
You have to oil it so that it comes off and slides.
Otherwise, I had to get a plier and a screwdriver and pull it off.
So it's good.
And it works every time.
Okay.
Every time.
That's a good lesson for everybody in the audience.
Oil it every time.
Have a great new year.
Okay, wait, wait, wait.
Yes.
I finished my recipe.
Oh, god.
I got 8,000 people waiting here and you're hacking a China with juice recipes.
No fat.
No fat.
It's delicious.
I put all the fruit in.
It comes out like a French fruit sorbet with no sweet or no honey, nothing.
Right.
This is fruit.
Say goodbye.
Have a good new year.
Bye-bye.
I was right, George.
Two open lines.
They're both in Dade.
7519463.
I think we've gotten ourselves into a real delima.
Here's Tampa.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, first of all, the first time caller.
Well, I appreciate that.
I hope you have a great new year and during the new year, one of the things you should
resolve to do is get a new phone.
Why?
It sounds too bad over the phone.
It sounds like you got a sock over it.
It sounds like you have two R-guile socks all rolled up and rolled over the phone over
your instrument.
Well, you know what I'm talking to you over a back machine.
But is that it?
Yeah.
Because it sounds like you have a real muffled apparatus.
All right.
Well, next time I call, I won't use this phone.
Please don't.
Hey, can I recommend a book to you to go along with your juicer?
Yes.
It's called Fit for Life.
Have you read that?
I have that book.
I used to have Harvey and Marilyn Diamond on my show all the time back in the days when
I had boring guests on, yes.
Okay.
I had the book.
In fact, I got it out again a couple of weeks ago.
It's when I got into this kick.
Oh, yeah.
Because I'll tell you what.
I tried that at dieting after about two weeks once the kick's in.
Yeah.
It was scary how much weight you lose off that.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let me tell you that.
Of course, you lose a lot of weight because you spent all your time on the throne all day.
That's why you lose a lot of weight.
There you go.
Yeah.
There you go.
Right.
Couldn't have said it better myself.
There you go.
Well, let me.
And go and go.
And never stop going.
Let me say this.
I was a long time FLA listener.
Yes.
And every now and then I get this urge of loyalty to them and I try to listen to them, but
I can't.
Pretty damn boring, is it?
It's pretty damn boring.
I don't know what.
Larsen's topic today is the best and worst of 90, 91.
Oh, that's original.
Yeah.
Let's have the year-end review, the best and the worst, the highlights, the low lights.
Oh, God.
That's a one thing about this time of the year.
You know, the year is gone.
Forget it already.
It's in the past.
Stop living in the past and let's move onward and upward and win a Super Bowl and hell
with everything else.
Right?
And I do all you a great big thanks because you did the program.
I was brainwashed by Russell Limbo.
I even bought his book.
Yeah.
That's why he does that ditto crap because he's like the Hermann Gehring of radio here.
He just wants to brainwash everybody and whatever he says, oh, ditto, ditto, you're so right.
He's full of crap.
He's obnoxious.
He's dangerous.
He's disgusting and he's fat and gross and have a happy new year and get a new phone.
Okay.
Thank you.
I have an open line in Broward 5242.
To invade, on-hurt of two open lines in date, air of New Year's Eve.
And we have two open lines in date.
I can't get over it.
751 and one in Estero and one in Corkscrew.
You know that we had a whole bunch of calls from people who got stranded in Corkscrew yesterday.
Not.
Corkscrew.
Come on, I guarantee you.
What we'd like to do is have somebody drive out with a cellular phone into the swap
land in Corkscrew and call.
Don't make it up.
Don't like call from Immaculate and say you're in Corkscrew.
Because we'll trace it.
Call from the swamps of Corkscrew.
That would be a great pay phone challenge for Marvin.
Send his ass out there in the swamp.
North Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's happening here?
How are you today?
I'm tremendous today.
Hey, Neil.
Question.
Anything about those keywords that still be earthquake?
Yeah.
What's your opinion on that?
We have all three lines open in date County.
751, 9463.
He must be related to the old guy in Hollywood that called.
You know what?
What's going on in date today?
They have a little grab ass festival out in the streets today.
A little havana or something?
There's something going on that we don't know about.
That never happens in date.
Ever.
I mean, never happens in date.
Maybe the guy over in Miami shores at the phone office is
poaching with those lines today, huh?
He's got his finger in it.
1047 on the IOD Network.
Join us this afternoon beginning at two for those wild and crazy guys.
Rick and Suts.
And at six, it's sports dogs six ten.
Come on you IOT.
Hold on.
Where do you think the...
Oh, wait a minute.
I just do something wrong.
Wait a second.
Oh, this phone is all screwed up.
Did I call off our only date call?
Hello?
You're still there?
I'm still here.
I tried like hell to cut you off there, but I couldn't do it.
Well, I'm still here, Neil.
Great.
I want to not try to convince you, but just give you my opinion respectfully in regards to
the tourists and the tourist industry here in South Florida.
What is going on with you people today?
Why are you also damn serious?
Why are you also morbid?
You get...
I felt great today.
I actually saw a little Bob Green today patting him on the head, had a great chat.
Everything is wonderful.
And you're like all I want to talk about the Cubans on the plane and about the depression
and the recession and the Russians and the H-bombs.
What's going on here today?
Well, I can't explain things for everybody else, but...
Why not?
I'm doing the best I can just trying to understand and explain things for me.
Understand what?
Well, the...
What's to understand, pal?
Just forget about understanding.
See, you're getting into one of these pseudo-intellectual modes.
You can't understand because the world is a madhouse.
Man, forget about understanding.
Just go have a good time, have a happy new year and that's it.
Well, but...
And don't inhale.
I don't inhale.
But we're in a community of...
I'm not talking about smoke.
I'm talking about oxygen.
Yeah, well...
You're in a community of what?
We're in a community of intertwined relationships of people, associated with the election
of a community.
Yeah?
No.
So intertwined human relationships.
Excellent.
You sound like Ed Till.
I don't know who I'm talking about.
Let's talk about intertwined human relationships.
And by the way, do you have a syntax?
A syntax.
Is that a stock?
Come on, let's go.
So...
What's the bottom line to all this rattle rousing craper yours?
What is it?
Okay.
I believe that we're in a tourist town over here.
And a tourist.
A tourist.
Well, it's a tourist.
Yes.
But tourist.
And if we are the people, because I am...
We as the people.
We as the people.
Because I'm a fan of...
In order to form a...
Perfect onion.
Crying onion.
But...
I'm going to write a cry from this call.
I'll tell you that.
What is it you want to say?
Come on.
People are waiting on these phones.
They have a busy day.
It's New Year's time.
What is it?
If we would treat the tourists better.
Like what?
Well, I know what you're saying.
Send them back where they came from.
Screw these freeload and assholes.
Man, most of the people are coming down here.
A bunch of cheap skates anyway.
They rent like a little tiny Ugo.
And they go out there in the road.
Six miles an hour in the left hand lane.
And they go in a restaurant.
And they tip about one and a half percent.
And they stink and they smell bad in their ugly.
I'll never.
How much?
God.
I understand that.
And I believe that.
And I see that.
People that live here.
If the tourists that come down here are like young and hot-looking.
And they put out and want a good time.
And we'll leave big tips and restaurants.
And drive real, yuppie-type cars like a 325i.
Then we invite them to come back.
Otherwise, stay home.
I think I summed it up right there.
Oh, geez.
And I just screwed up big time.
Don't tell me we're going to have another day of technical incompetence here.
Today's show is brought to you by Sika.
Sika, how many of you guys are going?
Oh, yeah.
And now back to our show.
I don't think anybody's going to hear this.
Her name is Sika, not Sika.
Huh?
Sika this.
Her name is not Sika.
I mean, here's the guy who's doing a bit on rock comedy.
You don't even know how to pronounce the name.
We have two open lines in date.
I told you this is going to be a bitch today.
And who's that guy that keeps calling you on 10?
And what happened to the guy who was calling from Alabama or wherever that was?
Did you, is that the guy?
Or Mississippi?
That same guy again called before.
That's the one I picked up.
Sir, let me say it again.
We love you.
We hope you have a great new year and a great life.
W-I-O-D, crankline.
Uh, yeah.
Who's this guy?
Which guy?
George is this guy?
No, this is not the guy.
Were you calling us from, sir?
Uh, Boca Raton.
Boca, well, that's not very exciting.
Who's this, Neil?
Yeah.
I mean, when we pick up these green lines, we expect here like El Joe Bean and uh, Riverview and Riverside and uh,
Estero Island and exciting places.
Well, what can I tell you?
Not much, but you can't help but that you're in Boca.
It's not your fault.
This is true.
Anyway, Neil, I'm a first-time caller.
Great.
And uh...
Happy New Year to you, sir.
Yeah, thanks to you.
I wanted to let you know that uh, the other day I was uh, taking a run down the beach and I was wearing some headphones that's listening to you.
Yeah?
You had the runs on the beach?
And uh, I was just laughing because you make me laugh.
Oh, that's you.
And people must have thought I was nuts.
I'm very wise because uh, here I have this big smile and I'm laughing run down the beach.
Yeah.
And uh, basically just want to give you a compliment.
Great show.
Well, hallelujah, man.
That's the idea.
Have a great new year and you're okay in our book.
Back out here.
And through those people.
See you later, man.
Have a great life.
See, that's the idea.
We're here to have a good time.
We're not here to solve the problems of the world.
We have to like, I guess since it's the 30th of December, it's almost the end of the year.
And we got to like a whole lot of new listeners like seven or eight of them in Fort Myers and three or four of them in Tampa, St. Pete.
Uh, we ought to explain that.
This show is radio talk shows do not solve problems.
They do not change the world.
They do not change human nature.
They are not going to change a save mankind from itself.
They're not going to make the world into a better place.
They're not going to save us from being a goddamn slaughterhouse.
They're not going to uh, prevent all the intolerance.
In fact, many of the shows promoted.
I don't want to mention large ass again.
It's just that it's just there.
They're just there.
They are just part of the money making apparatus.
If I can say that word called broadcasting, that's right.
They're just a vehicle through which we can suck you in to come on a year and talk and buy our stuff and to help us make some money.
And how give you a couple of laughs.
That's what I'm here for.
And we're not going to let them, I'm not going to permit a bunch of old crusty uh,
farts who are wearing underwear with three layers of crust in it.
We're not going to let you call in here and destroy our good time.
We want to have a good time.
Even if we're having a bad time, we're having a good time.
And because we're having a W-I-O-D, we're usually having, oh, it's speaking of Molo.
Mouimolo.
That should be the name of that show.
Mouimolo.
Uh, I turned on Hot 105, our new sister station this morning.
Oh, I love Stephanie Brownfield.
We love you Stephanie.
Don't take it personally.
My, my.
But uh, that Molo.
God, he is just, and uh, rumor has it that that show is going to be a history pretty soon.
That just made that up myself.
I don't know if that's true or not.
I don't want to get anybody insecure over there.
So he was talking about the thing they're doing, the campaign about bringing your gun to the police.
And we'll give you a certificate and redeem it at W-I-O-D and all this other crap.
And he goes into this thing about, when I, when you take it in the police station,
make sure you're presented in the right way because they may not be exactly sure what you're up to.
In other words, don't take your 45 and like wave it around and stick it in the cup on the desk space.
Like maybe you might be threatening, okay?
Like you might get a real back at your response.
At a boy, Molo, you're on top of it, baby.
See you on the unemployment line.
Because we're going to be there pretty soon.
But at Bob Greenman, he is just uh, something.
He is a little firebrand.
He hopped up and down on that desk in there today and jumped around, did like a little cartwheel and said, Happy New Year.
Look like a Rumpel Stiltskin in heat.
Here's a mobile and clear water.
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir. Happy New Year, pal.
Happy New Year to you too.
Thank you so much.
Um, I can get some of y'all we're talking about yesterday, but they're reading.
They're reading it there?
Yeah.
I can't have been there, but have you ever gone to a black arc game?
No, I have not.
Uh, try and leave that place at night.
I've been in the old Olympia though and Detroit and I tell you try to leave that place in the daytime is not a pleasant proposition,
which is why they moved out of there.
Yeah, an oblivious.
Yeah.
But if you're a real fan, man, you'll put up with getting shot a couple of times and mugged and the raped and stuff.
I mean, that's just the part of the Yabal game.
Yeah, gotta do it.
You gotta do.
That's right.
Oh, I have a good one.
And you too.
Bye.
My buy.
There's a guy, a mobile guy in clear water.
How do you like that?
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
If I was OPI, I'd be doing a green apple quick step all over my BVDs right now.
Have you seen speaking of underwear?
Have you seen those spots for fruit of the loom?
I mean, it's like, uh, oh, geez, I wish I could remember how that there's like a music.
There's a theme that goes.
It's like, uh, good things for your life.
And it's the guy, the one of the, uh, there's a series of them, of course.
They're all very, uh, very homie, Hamish.
And the guy, uh, he's, uh, here's the father in the underwear and his fruit of the loom t-shirt and underwear, BVDs.
Oh, I'm sorry, not BVDs.
Uh, what would you call him?
Briefs.
Oh, sorry.
News and briefs.
Uh, he's walking down the hall with his little, uh, boy.
And he's also got his little baggy.
And the little boys going into the, uh, bathroom and he said, oh, you're going to do it yourself?
This time?
And so the father stands outside and he's very proud.
There are problems as the kids 15.
So we're not sure what he was doing in there to be honest with you.
We have an open line on the star line at star I.o.d. uh, Pompano.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, man, I just got back from New England.
I missed you.
Yeah.
I was up there for, uh, two weeks in.
And.
How was it?
It was fine until eight minutes left in the fourth quarter when they arrested me.
For what?
They're for, uh, cheering for the dolphin.
Yeah, right.
I was, I, I swear to you, I was standing on my seat, swinging a towel, yelling, defense.
And they hollering away for being disorderly.
Yeah.
They threw me into patty wagon.
Really?
Hold, hold, hold, that everyone in it was dolphin-fated.
Great.
That, that's why they only have 20,000 for a game.
Right.
Because the rest are more all in jail.
Why, listen, I don't do it again.
And I'm sure he won't.
This is South Florida's news traffic.
And for our situation, he was talking about radio six 10.
Don't you, I.o.d. by any four-letter.
And the phone beat you.
I'll say audio is farewell.
Goodbye.
I'll follow it.
Sorry, Henry.
It was an accident.
I'll never do it again.
It was just an accident, Henry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Use talk radio six 10.
W-I-O-D.
Get out of the locker room.
The Neil Roger Show.
To talk with Neil Dile 751 W-I-O-D from date.
In well, in 524 W-I-O-D.
Outside the 305 area code.
toll free 1-800-944 W-I-O-D.
And Bell South mobility customers make it a free call.
My dialect star I-O-D.
Now, the Neil Roger Show.
A new stock radio six 10.
W-I-O-D.
My butt is very, very sore.
Neil, good.
If you listen to W-I-O-D.
The shows in budget time are better.
You never know it's by the way they say I'm from only.
The sports and the news and all weather.
It's always like a furry sunny version.
Joseph, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga.
Say, out of all by now.
No one gives a crap about any of that.
It's a talent that brings a lot of money.
And if that's all they're gonna tell.
The talent is losing out.
And the body is phased through it up and out.
Boy, tuning out.
Feeling Rick and Sutter, what we're listening for.
The lady have never been better here.
But all you'll ever see on the TV on the billboard.
It's a close-door, the sports or the weather.
It's always Hank O'Brien's sunny version.
Joseph, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga.
Say, out of all by now.
No one ever listens to that other crap.
It's a talent that keeps the place running.
And if that's all they're gonna tell.
The talent is losing out.
And the body is phased through it up and out.
Oh, right out.
Thanks a lot, Alex.
Mona Lisa delivery went over to the sun.
He's got our great salads today.
This is beautiful. This is perfect.
I look forward to this now.
And Chuck Meyer, by the way, fat Chuck this morning was saying
that the morning line is in 18 and a half days.
The overs and under is I'm gonna be off of this kick.
No way, Chuck.
I love it.
And the food too.
I was just thinking, by the way, during that thing,
Mitch Lewis may be gone, but there are at least two things
that he left behind that will always have like.
That's one of them.
And then the other one is.
See, not a widely known fact.
No, seriously, but that is Mitch Lewis on that card.
That's a Mitch Lewis fart on the card.
Anyway, it's 11.08, so we'll always have that to remember him by.
One open line in Broward.
In fact, just the aroma.
It kind of makes you feel that he's in the room.
5249463.
And a starline for Bell Soff mobility people are out there.
This morning I'm coming to work and I look around and I noticed it's like everybody
had the phone to their ear this morning.
What is that all about?
Everybody was on the phone this morning.
I don't, I have no idea who they were calling.
Maybe the supply came in.
Oh, speaking of the supply came in.
Tonight's a big night at Pompedo Park, right, Rich?
Last night, I would have made millions of dollars.
God, it looked those results.
You see those results and you know you would have had all those gigantic payoffs.
And Kevin Wallace continues going crazy over there in John Philip Pelley and everybody.
And it just wasn't there.
Tonight's a big night though.
Bradenton.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, have you heard the new promo from WSUN?
About what?
About a 970 WSLA?
No.
Oh, Neil, it's hilarious.
Sing what?
Okay, first it starts off.
It goes on every day.
620 WSUN, news radio, approved that that 970 WSLA sucks.
And then they got a thing of you, you know, bad mouthed in WSLA.
Not me.
Yes, you.
I would never do that.
Oh, come on, Neil.
I love WSUN, Pelley, man.
Beautiful.
I have a little Lionel blow up down at the house.
Neil, you told the way it was.
Yeah.
Now, Neil, it was hilarious.
Was it?
Do I know?
It was good.
It was excellent.
Yeah.
Well, it's about time.
Happy New Year.
Fine, the same to you.
Have a great day, Pell.
All right, see ya.
Boy, was he, where did he have that oxygen thing pump it, huh?
WFL lace sucks.
Oh.
Boy, it can almost die from the back draft.
We have an open line in Broward, 524, man.
This is good.
There's like a little macaroni salad and some a spiral pasta in here and a little bit of fruit
and some other little tortellinis.
Nice job, Robbie.
How come it's always so much better when sunnies out of town?
Homestead.
Homestead?
Oh, yes, sir.
Oh, is this homestead?
Yes, sir.
That's what I thought.
Yes, sir.
Happy New Year.
I understand, Neil.
I'd like to ask you if I could take a little opportunity to thank a group of people
that were here yesterday.
By all means.
Okay, Circus, USA.
We're kind enough to come down here to Homestead and put on a free performance
for the people of Homestead.
Outstanding.
I'm serious.
They were fantastic.
Great.
Thank you very much for the time.
How are you doing?
I'm doing fine.
Well, that's good.
And have a great New Year.
It's got to be better, right?
Oh, yes, sir.
But you know, you've got like, like, you always say you're going to take the good with the bad.
That's right.
And good luck on your diet.
Okay, thanks, Shalon.
You're welcome.
We'll see you.
Open line of day, it's 7519-463.
It's 11 after 11.
It's a Wednesday.
It's just before the New Year.
93 is going to be our year.
All of us, everybody who's listening right now, everybody who's connected with this station,
with this show, except, of course, the people who haven't gotten canned yet.
Well, there's still got to be some more, aren't there?
Oh, you know, there's some more people getting canned, Alex.
I'm sorry.
Right?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, your history, Alex, as he's gone.
That Mona Lisa look is out for 93.
Guaranteed.
Maybe if you get your hair, you know, if he'd get his hair cut, short, he'd be not too bad.
Huh?
No, I've been that nosewood protrude, I guess.
Is that what that all I hear is about to cover up that gigantic?
Are you sure he's not Jewish?
Maybe we'll check during the break.
It's 11 after 11 on the IOD Network.
Don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news, information, trends, and what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here.
Love your show, Neil.
Love you.
Love you.
And we love you too, Jim.
Butch up for the new year, baby.
11, 15.
Don't forget Randy tonight.
No ball game.
Yeah.
No ball game tonight.
We get Randy unencumbered by any meaningless, useless bunch of shot.
Let's do a mobile in Alabama.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Oh, pretty good.
We're going to the Sugar Bowl.
All right.
I know you don't really give us.
I don't give a blind.
That's right.
I don't know if you're going to give us a blind.
I don't know if you're going to give us a blind.
I don't know if you're going to give us a blind.
I don't know if you're going to give us a blind.
I don't know if you're going to give us a blind.
I don't know if you're going to give us a blind.
I don't know if you're going to give us a blind.
I don't know if you're going to give us a blind.
I don't know if you're going to give us a blind.
I don't know if you're going to give us a blind.
I'm going to be dropping it to in the shower next time.
Lisa Olsen comes in.
Well, I mean, didn't they win the division?
I don't keep up much approach.
They won the division.
We are number one.
We are the champions.
We are the best.
We kicked some ass.
Mostly our own.
And all we need now is to look out to fake our way through three more games.
And we will be the champions.
Which has got to be one of the great jokes in history, but we'll take it.
We don't care.
That is amazing.
Well, I hope they have more class than the Miami Hurts.
Have you heard about what they've been doing down in New Orleans?
No.
Oh, that's terrible.
You know Bob Marley's son plays from Miami.
Oh, yeah.
He's just terrible.
They ran it.
They walked up to some Miami players.
I mean, Alabama players down in New Orleans and started talking trash and saying all this
stuff.
And they even quoted him in the paper saying we're going to kick their butts.
Yeah.
If they don't like it, they can go to hell on this stuff.
Right.
That's the Hurricanes, man.
So, oh well.
But oh, we beat them.
I'm a tied fan myself.
Yeah.
Now we're talking.
Go tied.
Go tied.
Maybe the Hurricanes will wash out with a tie.
Yeah.
Can I call?
Can I just tell you one thing?
Sure.
No chance.
You don't think so?
Miami is going as much as I despise everything about the University of Miami sports program,
except the baseball.
They are going to just mop up the end of golf, I guess.
Mop up the stadium over there with Alabama.
I hate to tell you that, but believe me, it's going to happen.
Well.
So be prepared for it.
OK.
Well, at least we'll have a good time anyway.
Damn right.
Have a great time, pal.
And I just like to call Mike Hernandez a flaming dish bag.
OK.
See ya.
See ya.
Bye-bye.
Boy, little rowdy in the car there, huh?
Sounds like there's old grab-ass going on in front, seat in the back seat and underneath.
We have an open line in this sterile.
See, it's just amazing to me after looking at that map yesterday.
I think that's why they took it out.
I realized that they got that big signal on 770, but there's no population there.
It would be like taking WABC or KMOX.
One of those 50,000 watt used to be clear channel stations and putting it in North Dakota.
In mind it.
And it just, it wouldn't mean too much.
I mean, you'd cover it like a giant territory and you'd be talking like mostly the animals
to barnyard animals like we do all the time.
Palm Beach on the starline.
A nail.
Yes, sir.
First, I'd like to say Mitch Lewis is God and boy Gary sucks.
Oi!
That's number one.
Yes.
Number two, I'd just like to make a comment about that.
Well, let me just clarify one thing.
Yeah.
The Mitch Lewis episode was basically more of his choosing because he don't want to do production anymore.
He wants to be a radio personality.
Mitch believes he does.
He wants to either do like an AOR morning show or do a talk show which he's deluded if he believes that's his calling.
That show.
Huh?
What that show we had.
Right.
Ooh.
Exactly.
Anyway, I just want to make an ahead till comment.
Yes.
Because, uh...
Oi, you really are full of it today.
Unbelievable, but in Chicago, you know what a joke at Tell Us in Chicago?
Was.
He got canned.
Even boy, Gary, I put it right to his ugly push this morning.
I said, did he get canned in Chicago or what?
And he said, not only did he get canned, but they replaced him with Jonathan Brandmeyer tapes on the loop.
TAPES!
He got replaced by a tape!
Jonathan Brandmeyer would start his morning by ripping that till...
Great.
Then Steven Gary would rip his ass off that man.
Oh, I would imagine.
I mean, what the hell was he doing on that station?
But think about it this way.
As bad as he is, he was beating Gregory Benjamin there.
Well, I don't know who that is.
Greg, you know.
That was his job.
Oh, Gregory Benjamin, Budeau?
Oh, Gregory Benjamin.
So anyway, that...
Oh.
But if that's, uh, you know, what boy, Gary, incredible as guy.
Well, you should have heard Bob Green, you'd have been very proud talking this morning to boy, Gary, as I said in here and laughed all over my shoes about how bad it till is.
Well, maybe it's a good signal. Maybe boy, Gary's on the way out.
Really?
WLS
Dark Radio
Keith90
And here's Gregory Benjamin.
Unbelievable.
It is.
How great that.
And you too.
What's really unbelievable is we let Ed Till in the building here.
That's...
So the real story is the real scoop as opposed to the faade, the charade that he masqueraded.
Why can't you just come down and be honest and say, I got cammed in Chicago?
Well, no, seriously, what's wrong with that?
Huh?
It's like Joey who pretends that he never...
It's like he never worked at QAM.
He never worked at any of the stations he got cammed at.
He's just been...
He's just been doing like 70 years of show prep.
It didn't pay off, but he's been doing a lot of show prep.
He never worked at all these stations he got fired at.
I don't understand that.
Guy comes down here and he acts like he's like Mr. Stewart.
Oh, I'm a big superstar in Chicago.
I have my TV show.
Of course it's on the cable.
What do they call it?
Local access.
Yeah, that's one of those make-believe channels.
Like that one he got in Tampa where they're naked at night.
That's what he's on.
I mean, how much money can you make for that?
Like, basically nothing or next to nothing.
Or maybe he pays for the time to be on the air.
And he got candid to loop.
So he's up there.
He's still living there.
He's got fire.
He doesn't have a job.
He's not a work again and again and again.
And he's uncharacter like he's Mr. Hot Shot up there.
And he's just honoring us with his presence for a few days
because it's warm in Florida.
No shot, Sherlock.
It's warm in Florida.
Great observation, Ed.
And I would say four might could be a lot better in your case
because it's lighter for the movers to schlep around than would.
1121 on the IOD Network.
Here's Chuck Meyer, Joey Reynolds, Tom Hopkins,
Jemanage and Rendy Rhodes, each weekend, right here.
Tell me why you're T.
If I had the ability to do, I'd take you out here right now.
I'm kick your goddamn teeth then.
I'm a shit.
No one's blinked in New York City.
I'm a shit.
I'm a shit.
I'm a shit.
I'm a shit.
I'm a shit.
I'm a shit.
I'm a shit.
I'm a shit.
I'm a shit.
I'm a shit.
I'm a shit.
I'm a shit.
I'm a shit.
I'm a shit.
I'm a shit.
I'm a shit.
I'm a shit.
As we can see, so come on.
Every guy around the guy,
Everyone.
It means you'll buy an dancing.
Dancing in my sheets.
Dancing in my sheets.
It's every sense, let's go see A.
Dancing in my sheets.
Let's go ACGC now.
Dancing in my sheets.
Just forget that he's not ready.
Dancing in my sheets.
Hardest way of not killing, not sweat hitting a beat
We were ladies underwear, we go cruising and swing
We like sassy, and dancing in our seats
We're dancing in the seats, dancing in our seats
Dancing in the seats, dancing in our seats
We're dancing in the seats
1127 at WIOD, we have an open line in the Star Line
One in Brown and one in the Tampa
Tampa!
1-800-944-WID, not Fort Myers, not Naples, not Sarasota, not Brandon, Tampa
1-800-944, so what's the deal on those blockbuster he got three of them?
Or three pair?
Three tickets?
So what do you do with that?
Oh yeah?
No, seriously, what do you do with three tickets?
I mean I don't mind giving them away and it was very nice of whoever dropped by and left
them out front.
Can we see them?
Can we actually like get our hands on them and take a look at where they are, what they're
all about?
Blockbuster Bowl at Penn State and Vassar?
Some girl school.
See, I don't understand these bowl games where they picked the participants like before
the season even starts and Penn State had a marginal to disastrous season.
I mean mediocre at best and embarrassing at worst.
W-I-O-D.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Neil.
Yeah.
Well I picked up Colca's George went out to get the tickets.
Well I'm one of those disgusting snores that would like a pair of tickets.
Oh hold on a minute and I'll see what they're all about.
How do you like that?
All of a sudden I met you and we got three tickets.
I didn't even say what they're all there for and the phones are bringing off the hook.
Thank you so much George.
It's say.
Oh boy.
I think you know you ever see the guy on top of the tower in Texas.
George reminds me just very quiet, very calm but he's the kind of guy that one day is going
to blow and be on top of the Channel 7 tower in the back with a rifle pointed over there
I hope.
It says thought you might be able to get a few bucks for these for Camilla's house.
Now I appreciate that but that never works out.
Two sets or two seats are together and one alone.
This ought to be okay so if you're all alone for new years here's the answer for you.
So here's section 444 that's like in the nose bleed.
Way way up there bring your telescope bring them out Palomar telescope.
Now are you alone or with somebody?
I'm with somebody.
Hold on a minute.
Okay so there's like row one seats three and four that's pretty good deal.
At least you get that a lot of that's not bad.
Being in row one and then the other ones as row two seat 24 in the same section.
So actually they're not that far apart.
How are we going to do this?
Who is this from Craig the rocker fellows?
Do we know what that means?
What is the rocker fellows?
I don't have no idea.
Thank you Craig whoever you are.
So how do we do this?
I don't I don't know a fair way to do it.
I want to give these to somebody who's going to use them.
What's the date?
Oh it's Friday today is the Wednesday so whoever I give them does going to have to pick
them up.
Is there somebody else on here that wanted these that wanted some that wanted one?
Well how about if I give you two?
That sounds real nice.
It does sound real nice to me and it's only you're only locked out because I picked up
Cole because George was walking up front to get the ticket so it's like this but I'd
go out to Calder right now.
Well you said this is going to be everybody's lucky years right and it started off for
you.
That's right.
Let me just just by chance just on a whim that you might be able to snore a couple of
tickets and here they are.
No I'm going to go to the lotto today.
Yeah I'd go down to the lotto I'd go over to Calder come up to Pompato Night bring
a couple of million dollars and so bring a tank of oxygen too because these are 444 they're
in the upper level but the price is right these are $28 tickets man.
First row I can always jump.
Right exactly.
In fact some people from Plantation will be in the row down beneath you saying go ahead
do it.
Jump.
Well hold on a second and George will straighten your ass out and I enjoy it.
Okay.
So there's two of them there to make sure he gets these two.
Okay.
Now if we got somebody anti social that has no friends and nobody wants to be anywhere
near them I have one ticket.
What are we going to do with this?
And I don't think it'll fit.
It's kind of a way these are wide tickets.
These are like the dolphin tickets.
You could do that.
But these are extra wide fancy multi colored blockbuster bowl three Joe Robbie Stadium
and very impressive looking even for the nosebleed seats and a 28 bucks of a copy they ought
to be very impressive.
So I got one and I don't know what the hell I'm going to do with it but we'll figure
it out.
Somebody will call in and snore the one.
Here's a sunrise.
Hello.
Sunrise.
Gone.
Okay.
They probably wanted to free load.
Miami.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
Can I snore that ticket?
You want one?
Yeah I'll take it.
What are you going to do with one?
Well I have to go up there.
I'll probably get one out front and have a seat with somebody somewhere.
Oh I see.
You know I saw you up at the I saw you up at the Raider game.
Yeah.
And I went up there and I was never more disappointed.
I felt like Dorothy going over to see the wizard.
Why is that?
Well I mean you know you're the great Neil Rogers and I went over there with the girl that
I was with.
Yeah.
And we were talking to you and you acted like a bump on a log.
I mean you acted like well.
No.
Just that.
I told you I had no life and you didn't react and I expected something.
I mean even Fat Rich was like more animated than you or he's the whole thing.
If I may say so I think Fat Rich is the driving force behind Neil Rogers.
I mean it was a.
So you didn't really want the ticket right?
We have an open line in date 751 and two and Broward 524 like I'm supposed to put on
a floor show for these people when they come over and say hello or I'll go like the thing
at the JG it happens everywhere I go.
Any appearance they come up and it's like oh jeez he's just like a real quiet ordinary
guy.
This is a radio show folks.
Radio show that's all.
So when you know come up to the ball game and I'm sitting there I'm there to see the
game okay and I'm more than happy to say hello I mean a lot of nice people there Orlando
comes over once in a while let's me touch his knee and that's about it.
It's a radio show.
So this guy talked his way out of that ticket I don't know you think I'm going to give
him that ticket after that crap no chance.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm why I've snored at ticket.
Just one.
Just one.
Now are you going to give me a bunch of shot and tell me that I'm a bump on the log
and I didn't I love you Neil.
Oh no I really do I listen to every kid.
You don't have to suck around but I mean at least don't take a shot.
Don't make like a nasty personal shot like this guy came over and thought I was going
to like do a tat dance and a soft shoe routine for him and his damn ugly girlfriend which
I don't even remember them.
Now my wife doesn't care for you but she has to listen to you why I'm on the game.
Why what's her problem?
Those lackey sets the hours that is she a little uptight.
She's too pure to.
Oh a puritanical bitch huh.
Well then you know what you know what you're going to the game alone.
Yeah I'm not taking her.
Good.
Well you got it.
Alright and I hope you enjoy it.
So what are you going to do about getting another seat?
You're not going alone are you?
I'm going alone.
You are?
Yeah.
You're going to a football game alone?
I don't mind.
Oh I can't imagine going to I'm sorry.
It's worth money huh?
It's worth money.
You're right.
Hold on.
Enjoy it.
Okay.
Here's a guy who's going to be sitting alone in the 444 it wrote to seat 24.
So go over there and say hi.
You know do something nice to him because his wife's an old puritanical bitch.
So talk to that guy please and the straight and his ass out.
We're going to we're going to do this right.
How are we going to know which is which and who's who's and what's what.
We can't say what's what anymore.
Well Georgia will handle it.
George said just leave it in my capable hands.
I'll handle it okay.
Because one thing in 92 that happened where we got one more day to go.
George was about to say that Roger didn't get his job away from during 92 but we still
have tomorrow.
That's right and Bob Green said he will be in tomorrow and by the way look for some interesting
changes tomorrow.
George.
Okay.
We have an open line and Broward on the snoring line.
It's amazing.
You know you people in Broward I got a sense of humor that is just rare.
It is really a treat to watch.
We can sit here on all of the shows on his station and do a number with Broward and make
a whole bit out of it.
They wouldn't call like if our life somebody was holding a gun to our head to say hey
happy life and hell.
But we got something to give away and they sniff that thing out and they're on there
faster than you can say Sunrise's douchebag.
What do we have now Roger?
It says about 50,000 tickets.
Well that's good.
So maybe this guy will be able to buy one very close by him like maybe the whole row.
Twenty thousand two over there.
Twenty thousand seats.
Ha ha ha.
Wow.
What is it?
What?
It's going to have him bring the tickets.
Well just relax.
Don't start bossing Roger around.
Okay.
Lest he should start up another campaign to get your ass out of here.
Okay.
Don't start pushing him around.
About 50,000 tickets have been sold for Fridays 1 30 BM blockbuster bowl at your
Robbie Stadium.
Whoo.
Who he penned state and Stanford.
Last year 52,644 tickets were sold with 46,123 showing up that 6500 plus no shows.
6500 no shows and the attendance count included several hundred reporters, security personnel,
members of both teams, everybody in the stadium, the dog, the mascot, Dolphin, Danny showed
up, they counted.
Actually the real attendance was like 78 people who bought tickets.
But they had 46,000 people in the stadium.
That included the vendors, the guys that sell the sodas, everybody.
And by the way, speaking to the guys who sell the sodas at the Dolphin games, you're okay
in my book, guys.
Bring some over here.
So it's 20,000 empty seats yet.
So I don't think these people have any trouble buying like several rows right around where
they're going to be.
1137 on the IOD network.
Coming up tonight and eight, following sports dogs 610, it's the Randy Road show right
here.
I can have an orgasm just driving down I-95.
There comes a time in a young woman's life when she has to ask questions.
Mom, I have to ask you a personal question.
Do you do, Shurai Do.
I use vinegar and water.
Why vinegar and water?
Because, silly, I'm Italian.
Hidden Valley douche, in Italian, French ranch or new chunky blue cheese.
1142 at IOD.
We have an open line in Broward, 524 and 1 in St. Pete at 1-800-944 at IOD.
Here's a mobile on the, no, not a mobile on a turnpike.
Long gone.
Sorry.
Cape Coral.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir.
Happy New Year to you.
And a very happy and prosperous and all the other trite clichs.
Yes, I'll put.
What I wanted to ask you is I heard you discussing movies earlier and I'd like your opinion on Edward
Siserhand.
I wouldn't watch as much as I love Johnny Depp and I had Johnny on my show when I was on
SATA 4 or 5 years ago.
I wouldn't watch Edward Siserhand if you paid me by the second.
Oh, I see.
Well, I watched it.
Loved it.
It was great.
You loved it?
Yes.
Wow, what's to love?
I'm been surprised.
I gave a great cameo performance.
It was a very good story.
And who was the guy that produced that Tim Burton?
Did an excellent overview satire on Suburbie and Hell?
All the houses in Suburbie and Hell, they're painted the same little pastel colors, same
lawn, same sidewalks.
Why is it that Johnny Depp is always in these silly movies where they have him disfigured?
Is there some reason for that?
What was that other movie where he had the tattoos and the slip back here?
What was that candy?
What was that movie?
OG's.
You know what I'm talking about?
That 50's movie where they all had the slip back here and the tattoos all over the
end.
Oh, that Francis Ford Coppola thing?
Was that it?
Were the guys were reading poetry or something like that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm just taking a stab at it.
Didn't watch enough of it.
Yes, true.
I don't think Francis Ford Coppola made this movie.
Hmm.
Could be.
I know this was weren't big enough.
That could be.
But I would like to ask a shameless request.
Yeah.
When you debuted over here, you ran a cute little story with Larry King reading some story
about a squirrel in a park.
Larry King or Larry Lujack?
Not Larry King.
I don't think Larry King's story is about squirrels and nuts.
Do you know the one I'm talking about?
Yes.
That is excellent.
Could you please do that?
Immediately if not sooner.
Thank you very much.
Have a great new year.
And you too.
Thank you.
Okay.
Watch out for those scissors, man.
Boy, I guess that's why Johnny Depp wasn't running around naked for a long time after that
movie.
We have an open line in the out of town line, 1-800-944-9463.
It did raise some interesting questions.
In other words, I guess what we're trying to say is that maybe Johnny needed a helping
hand in that movie, right?
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
How's it going now?
Pretty good.
You sounded like a coach off guard there.
Yeah.
I was like, ah.
Anyway, that pathetic movie with Johnny Depp was cry, baby.
Cry, baby.
Yeah, that was crazy.
I tried to watch that two or three times and it made me want to cry.
Yeah, I know.
What is wrong with the movies this kid gets into?
I mean, he's a good actor.
He's a good looking guy and or girl, whatever he wants to be on a given day.
He's kind of like, and he just gets into these real crappy movies.
Yeah, it meets the worst director.
That's it.
Anyway, I was wanting to call about that guy that called about the tourist along while
I was like, oh, yeah, how could we forget?
Oh, man, what the hell is his problem?
Life.
This is a Neil Rogers show, not the benefit plea for tourists.
Oh, listen, these people are so pseudo intellectual today, it's frightening.
I know.
You think that maybe just a little dose of ed tell me have gotten to him.
If he, look, if he cares about it, hey, you care about the tourists, make a New Year's
resolution.
We don't want to hear it.
We don't want to hear it at all.
Exactly.
In fact, I think the tourist ought to have to pay a sin tax, speaking of ed till.
The bunch of crap.
It's a bunch of shot is what it is, sir.
And that's one of the resolutions we're all making is we're not hearing any more shot
on the year in 93.
We're not taking any more shot from any of these pseudo intellectual callers who want to,
how about that old fart that called from Hollywood?
I want to start a big song of the dance about the Cubans out of playing the hook.
What does that got to do with our show?
Yeah, I know.
And what is there to say about that anyway?
I mean, you know, good luck to them and have a great life, right?
Put a little damper in our life, Jesus.
Right.
Put a little thing on it already for crying out loud.
Have a good laugh and relax.
And 6,000 years from now, who the hell's going to give a crap about any of this stuff,
right?
Right.
So you have a hell of a New Year, right?
In you too, pal.
All right.
See ya.
There's a guy that we could all relate to.
A guy with a little sense of humor and not so uptight and psychotic and goddamn serious.
Your Uncle Lera and Lil Tommy.
Lightning has almost struck twice in Lake Forest.
I remember you reporting about the little poodle that weaved its way through the traffic
in Lake Forest only to be splattered by a Northwestern train.
Well, a similar incident happened about a week ago involving a squirrel.
My friend and I were on our way to get some lunch in Lake Forest last Saturday, and we
noticed a squirrel trying to weave its way across the traffic on Western Avenue.
We were in a car about 20 yards away from the squirrel when it started to make its way
across the street.
The squirrel was probably not as mobile as it could have been because its mouth was really
stuffed with nuts from the park.
Oh!
Luckily, the old squirrel scampered across traffic and my friend and I were relieved that
he was safe.
Suddenly, two girls who were on a bike ride appeared along the side of the street.
They were really flying when the confused squirrel jumped into their path.
The girl tried to avoid the squirrel but he somehow hit the back tire of her bike and
got caught up with his boat.
Oh, yeah.
Before a squirrel went around in the wheel several times before he got free and was
flung on the grass.
To our surprise, the day's squirrel got to his feet and staggered away.
Apparently, okay.
Oh, good.
The girl who was riding the bike was a little upset but I'm sure not as much as the squirrel.
Luckily, he didn't lose his life, but he might have lost his name.
Not.
That's right.
So anyway, where the hell is my old WLS, Jingles?
Oh, way to hell up there.
What is it doing near the top?
God, somebody's been...
Okay, Randy is right.
Larry Lujek was God.
He was great.
Not the best, Randy, but he was great.
1148, we have an open line on the out of town line.
1-809-4-4.
Maybe he was the best, huh?
I like Bob and Tom.
And I have no idea why they're in Indianapolis.
I don't understand that.
They must be making an ungodly amount of money and keeping it a big secret.
Because they are much too good to be an Indianapolis.
God, what are we doing here?
It's 1148 on the IOD Network.
Catch the latest news from the 610-WIOD News Center each hour.
Plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast.
1152-WIOD, a little QAM spy report this morning.
Just had a call, somebody told me that Moynihan was talking on the air about what the QAM listeners
like best about Hank Olberg.
Get body, stupid!
That was funny.
More changes coming over there.
God, almighty kid, how'd you like to try?
You think we're bad.
How would you like to try to count the changes at QAM in the last year?
Besides the underwear changes every time the trends come out.
We have an open line in Broward 524.
Are we going to call Mike in my favorite muffin now?
Because we had a nice salad and we were thinking what would like top of it.
Look at Richard Bay here.
What the hell are these guys doing?
What is this all about here?
I think we're going to have a little action right on the screen now.
They're just all coming in from offstage.
Look at that blonde bin bet back there, huh?
Who's wearing one of those S&M outfits with a whip and a chain?
And this guy's about to take his pants off.
What's going on here, man?
Richard Bay is God.
Although I must say this,
Richard Bay is the one who convinced me to send away for that juice man too.
Okay, so not everything in life is much more than just hooring around.
Are you calling Mike at my favorite muffin and see if he'll bring some of those real?
Just one is all I want.
One of those ones that weighs about six pounds.
Because that's something you can eat.
See, people think that, wow, if you don't eat meat and all this milk and stuff that clogs
up your arteries and your body, that doesn't leave anything else.
Well, you're wrong, man.
You are so wrong.
In fact, I guarantee that you could still be the biggest fat slob and never eat meat again.
It's possible.
Eat enough of those muffins.
Miami Beach.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's up?
How you doing, pal?
I got a question for you.
Did you see the movie Toys yet?
I wouldn't watch that if you paid me by the millisecond.
Don't go.
I've heard it is just the absolute biggest piece of shot in history.
I went last night and it...
Another Robin Williams bomb.
That has to be his worst movie yet.
Really?
Yeah.
That's saying a lot.
Hello, cool Jay couldn't do anything for it either.
Yeah.
I mean, I was ready to walk out.
Or ask for your money back.
Oh, if I wasn't like half a sweep, I would have left.
Yeah.
So just don't see it.
Okay.
Okay, thank you.
Have a great new year.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Well, if verdict is unanimous on Toys,
poor Robin Williams, that's so bad.
So bad.
In the meantime, he's raking in millions of dollars
and we feel sorry for him.
See, that's what bothers me about how stupid we are.
We were dumb.
Guys getting millions of dollars
for every one of these bomb movies that he's making.
We should feel sorry for the people who put up the money
for these movies.
For the poor damn producers.
Like Gene No Wilder.
Why is it I always think that that was a Mel Brooks movie?
Was it the producers that was with Gene Wilder, wasn't it?
And then we're doing springtime with for Hitler.
That wasn't the producers.
What was that movie?
History of the World Part One.
No.
That was not history of the...
Hitler on ice.
What?
Hitler on ice?
No, not Hitler on ice.
That's Eddie Shack was Hitler on ice.
You don't know what you're talking about.
Anyway, we have an open line on the out of townline.
1-800-944-9463.
See someday you'll be old and seen out to George.
You know, you don't even remember what your name was.
It was the producers.
It was the... See, there you go.
I don't know what you're talking about.
The producers.
And they were singing springtime for Hitler.
Now, wasn't that a Mel Brooks movie?
It was.
It was Gene Wilder in that movie.
And Bankrock was in a movie.
I know that.
What are you laughing about?
That's Mel Brooks' wife is Ann Bankrock,
who was in FATSO, but he wasn't.
But Dom Deloise was.
And I still haven't brought to that.
I don't want to bring you like a washed out old copy.
I want to bring you a virgin good copy,
because it's too good of a movie.
I mean, the copy I got of that is on a real bad quality tape.
It was off on TV.
And it looks like the colors are all running together.
It's like a fourth generation dub.
And if you're going to watch a good movie,
you should see good quality.
And especially when they're yanking all the food out of the refrigerator,
when that big Oscar Lapitas comes up there.
That's what are the greatest scenes in the history of the human race.
In FATSO,
when he calls Chubby Checkers,
because he's having a fit, he's had his brother put locks on all the refrigerator and all the
cupboards he had locks on there without the bagels.
And he likes chasing him around the apartment with a knife,
making him trying to get the key to the locks.
And so anyway, he's having his breakdown and he calls up Chubby Checkers.
You call them and they come and help you through the crisis when you're overeating.
And then comes this big fat guy.
His name is Oscar Lapitas and this other huge fat guy whose name I don't remember at the moment.
And they're sitting around and they're like drinking hot water
to try to help them through their desire to eat, to pacify them.
And they start talking about the kinds of food they like it about.
He says, do you ever take a jelly donut and melt it in the oven?
He says, oh yeah.
But do you ever take a jelly donut and fill it with a Reese's peanut butter cup
and melt the chocolate inside and they just start talking and talking.
And of course, as a fat person all my adult life, I can relate to it because God is just so true.
And before you know it, of course, they're drinking a hot tea,
but they're like, want to put honey in it.
Where's the honey junior and they take juniors, Dom Deluis's brother.
They take and they grab him and they grab the keys.
And now they open up the refrigerator and the cupboards and they call out for pizzas
and for courts of ice cream and they're sitting there and at the end of the scene,
they're all like passed out on the floor from an eating orgy.
And it's the greatest moment in history in George Never Sox.
Boka.
Oh yeah.
Am I your only caller here?
No.
Nobody else calling from Boka.
Well listen, don't knock it.
We already had another call from Boka today and that's our quota.
So you're the second one, that's it.
Yeah, I'm wondering something.
In fact, wait a minute.
Hold on a second.
Are you Boka on the starline?
Hello?
Boka.
Yeah?
I can't add it here.
Somebody put their kid on the phone.
Yes sir.
Go ahead.
Robin Williams.
I'm wondering something.
Is it just me or has he not been in a decent movie,
except good morning, Vietnam?
That's my opinion.
I haven't seen that like Awakening's.
I wouldn't watch because it's morbid and depressing.
A lot of people think that was a great movie.
It's morbid.
I've seen it.
It's not that good.
Okay.
And dead poet society was highly touted by a lot of pseudo intellectuals.
I try to watch it on a cable and within 10 minutes,
I had shut that off.
He's just not a movie guy.
He's a great stand-up comic.
He's a funny guy.
And we feel sorry because he's probably worth about $100 million
and he's in a lot of crappy movies.
I'm watching Richard Bayon.
I just want to get your advice.
You think the bronze, your brunettes would win the war?
There it is.
They've been fighting on the show.
Yeah.
That's what the show is about.
The Amazon's, man.
They all look like they could beat the crap out of us.
I'll tell you that.
Have a great New Year, pal.
You too.
And Richard Bay is God.
We need, that's one thing we need in 93.
A lot more TV like Richard Bay.
We don't need Sally and Heraldo and all these depressing stories.
Did you ever stop and wonder where do they get those people?
Where do you find people who are anxious to come on the air?
Like these couples who hate each other,
who allegedly despise each other and a husband is raped a wife
and run off with the children and
any, they're sitting up there
are very commonly on the stage, side by side.
So you know it's either got to be contrived
and it's all make-believe
or they're getting paid through the nose to be on there.
Because what person in their right mind wants to come on
and what other person watching in their right mind wants
to watch all these other people's problems.
It's like Sally's radio show.
It's like Bruce Williams.
It's like Dr. What's her name?
All these Joyce brothers.
All these other shows.
You notice how long that fat lasted?
People are not interested in hearing other people's problems.
They got enough problems to their own.
They don't want to hear about all these other...
They want to see a lot of hot flesh on the air.
And maybe in January 20th after we get the new president in there
we get the sikes and all these other Nazis out of there.
This is South Florida's news,
traffic and weather station.
And we'll see you on Radio 610.
W-I-O-D, Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and the Palm Beach.
We all want to see it now.
Thanks forever to get that taste and smell out of your system.
Use Talk Radio 610.
W-I-O-D presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Taco Bell.
With Neil Dile 751.
W-I-O-D from date in Broward 524 W-I-O-D.
Outside the 305 area code,
toll free 1-800-944-W-I-O-D.
And Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by Dileing Star I-O-D.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show.
A new Star Radio 610.
W-I-O-D.
I don't know what it is, but it's moving.
I've got to do a jackaline.
I've got to do a jackaline.
I've got to do a jackaline.
I've got to do a jackaline.
I've got to do a jackaline.
I've got to do a jackaline.
I've got to do a jackaline.
I've got to do a jackaline.
If I had a fight along.
If I had a fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I lose to the tag along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had a fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had a fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I had long fight along.
If I was almost 2000 years!
I'm getting it fast.
I'm getting it fast.
That is a bunch of shot.
That is great radio.
 tonk
TWIOD
It's really something.

The fact that management is introed a little bit today.
when it doubt then those phones out but I'm not giving any more numbers out okay
just that we're here and if you want to speak that's okay and if you have no
life and nothing to talk about just be a deadhead or just pretend that you got
a bunch of crap to do out there because it's the holidays again we
understand I don't take it personally here's a traffic report in for loser
Dale
deal yes and the same to you sir I just got off 95 there Broward Boulevard northbound
it's closed down right and get this now on top of the ramp on Broward Boulevard
there is a porker for Lord of theil porker and instead of directing traffic off 95
he's sitting in his car watching all the procedures eating donuts eating donuts
drinking coffee hallelujah while it's the holidays give him a break yeah I guess
so Neil cut off some slack happy new year and the same to you nothing you're
amused sir and good luck okay I get out you'll need it okay open like
out there's nothing like that great feeling of uh... putting the off button on
a mobile phone don't take it personally I'm not talking about the content I'm
just talking about the sound oh god it's at nauseating I just I just don't like
that sound it's just something about it it's like scratching your thing on a
blackboard here's a lady in there saw I need a low you doing hello mom I'm trying to
call you on the other time line but I keep getting uh huh why is that I just wanted
to ask you well wait a minute what do you get hung up by what by George I kept
calling like a picket hang up on what you can't call long distance I've got to be
in Florida to call on it line well what do you mean get hung up on well the phone
TV you know no I don't well I just wanted to say you have a great show
and I've been listening to you for couple of months now great also what do you
think about home alone too oh it's my favorite
oh god in fact I think that little kid ought to be like hung up from a tree
somewhere when she just just like to beat the crap out of him with a two by four
what is you I would I'll volunteer I have a great new year mom okay you're too
long bye bye okay we have an open line on the out of town line and two and
day date is off their feet a little bit today I don't that's very unusual for
day God that's our life blood that's our people that's our pizons that's our
amigos in day aren't they 7 5 1 9 4 6 3 home alone too oh God what's it all
about it's all about hype the whole world is a hype job isn't it that's what
the whole goddamn world is about is a big hype job like Lardas there's another
example there's nothing there it's the same you could hear it once
well to the right the same old right wing anti human with the feminazis and
all is oh God I mean even if you agreed with it it's boring it's ponderous and
Madonna hype job Michael Jackson hype hype home alone Macaulay Culkin what kind of a
name is that by the way besides obnoxious see I don't I don't like there's one
word in the English language that I don't agree with percotious I don't I don't
go for this crap about percotious little kids little kids like that are obnoxious
and bratty and disgusting and out of control and out of order and ought to be
slapped around a little bit or a lot is the case may be in his case I mean like
like beaten until a blood is just gushing out of every poor in his body
percotious yeah it's like you go into a store and the parents this is going to be
going on for many years now for last this is the doctor's spot and I don't mean
from Star Trek mentality you go in the store and the kid is like doing his
thing and the parents are oblivious like they like they're not even concerned
like though don't bother us he's just doing his thing and he's like eating candy
off the thing and he's knocking stuff down and ripping the people's cart out from
under their hand and looking up people's dress and I got a little upset what he
looked up my dress the other day in wendexy got brat it was the bag boy by
the way we have an open line in Fort Myers right there in the middle of Fort
Myers 1 800 944 9463 12 minutes after noon on the amazing WIOD network join us
this afternoon beginning and two for those wild and crazy guys Rick and
Suts and it's six it's sports dogs six ten my god is that thing real and now
a word about carols loving care okay this is the first no message for my sister
Kim you're going gray not always in this queue to couple of gray hairs gray I
mean we are talking major gray oh and you're really getting fat too I mean not
just like a couple of pounds I mean you're really getting a beer gun women
hardly ever even get those you know that's probably why your husband's been
sleeping with his secretary that or that must have spreading an air upper lip
I mean everybody is talking about it's really disgusting and not an always in
this cute I look like Adolf Hitler must as we are talking great ape I mean
children running away screaming so listen Kim do me a favor and don't change
a thing are people are gonna think I'm the ugly sister
carols loving care there's only so much we can do amen 12 16 yesterday I
one of those in sip it shows I think it was um Sally they had young people on
who have had plastic surgery who want to look like one of their heroes who want
to look like somebody else and it was really exciting for the three minutes
that I watched we have an open line in the lute's line 1 800 944 W I O D
so I was Mona Lisa doing today here's sunrise hello happy new year sir
happy new year to you bottom is up I have a song for you yes I want to ask your
question though before I do it can I say hump it on the air can you say humpen yeah
no you can say something you can't say humpen I can't say hump what does that
sound I keep hearing on the phone you know what that is it's from the news
booth there somebody has left that thing open no it's not on yours it's our
news people again keep leaving a damp bottle and we keep hearing that crap from
the traffic assholes god almighty that's bad real fast that is bad yes it is so
anyway hump what humpen humpen humpen okay 12 17 we have an open line in
uh...broward 524 and one in the uh over the hump line 1 800 in ok the ok
humpke turn bike plaza 1 800 944 9463 here's a lady in Miami hello hello hi oh listen to the
sound of this phone you hear that no you can't hear that I hear you fine you can't hear that
gigantic hum on there oh that's part of the computer because I work in a computer
service oh man it sounds like shot really like you get used to it okay what is that gonna tell you
you're talking the other week about a movie by which one was a great
panty yeah the jealousy lord's discipline
lords of discipline uh-huh or prince of tides no neither one
prince of tides was nicknolty wasn't it right but you like the great
panty yes okay well it's it's by the same answer his name is Pat Conroy and it seems to me
all his movies I mean all his books end up being movies and maybe you'd be interested
lords of discipline is about what it's about a mercury school and so on yeah I saw that
that was good did you like it yeah and it's the same guy I did like it too as a red pet it was right
up my alley what's that gonna tell you what's another one um do you know anything about the movie
Omega man do I know anything about it yeah I never find oh it's a very good movie with charlatan
hastin it was originally called something else with Vincent Price the original uh oh what the
hell was the name of somebody we'll call who really knows their movies so it's originally
something else back in a year early fifties and then it was remake with charlatan hastin very good
yeah I'm trying to get it and he didn't even give any a right wing politics in a movie either
he did not play god or Jesus or Moses he just uh was a very good
I'm trying to get a copy of that one but I can't seem to find it of the charlatan hastin version
and what's that gonna tell you how about um
he's another movie that I really like that I want to know if you had seen it oh shatter by the way
was really good yeah the seat was too right I thought that kiss before dying wasn't
oh my alley no why I didn't like the acting I thought it didn't look right I don't know it didn't
look right yeah something about the direction I don't know something about it no I like it
I thought it was not too bad um what was I can't say it was another one that I like uh
the galaxy blues that you like that one
a luxie blues was that a mat dillon movie no no who's in the luxie blues
oh you what's his name Tom Cruise Matthew Broderick yeah it was real good
I don't think I saw that that one's really good you probably like it really really funny and good
I did like uh what was the movie it was in with Marlon Brando freshmen freshmen that was good
that was good I couldn't live without the elizard but it was a good movie
or a go on or whatever the heck right whatever that damn thing right
yeah he was dragging it well listen have a great new year you too I get a new phone can I
tell somebody to check my work tomorrow who a friend of mine man he's a caramel coated
to check have a good one you too bye bye oh god what a good feeling getting that noise off of
your she was a great call but a crappy phone oh man it's like pain it's like pain it's so good
when it stops that's what Sally says we have an open line in day 751 and one on the other
so what was the Vincent Price movie they anybody calling yet do we know we don't know yet
well let me look it up in the book oh last minute earth was that the name of it it might have been
last matter because that was the the storyline of the whole thing was like after the nuclear war
and the few remaining people and they were like running around with rifles and shooting
each other because they were like trying to get the remaining food and they were all paranoid
and psychotic and it was really interesting it was kind of like living in Miami 21 afternoon on
the iod network don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news information trends and
what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here what was your first break I went
to work and knocked on doors and did a job with a small radio station in Miami Beach Florida I did
I was a idea I'm a idea I'm I'm idea I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I did the board I did
jock I did sports I did news I did everything cleaned up cleaned up cleaned up I did everything I
don't have a bone spot talk 25 at W.I.D. some look it up in our book the Omega Man it says
realistic version of a novel which was about vampires taking over and was previously filmed
unsatisfactorily as the last man on earth however I look under the last man on earth it's not in a book
but I do remember that was with Vincent Price and it says it blew and it was bad and etc we have
an open line at Broward 524 at what on the starline at star iod moral springs I don't know okay how are
you just waiting here abiding my time to go underneath surgery at six o'clock for what nothing
like you one hundred eight couple months ago I broke my ankle I gotta get some pins in it oh wow
no sweat so you sure take the edge off of it well that's great but that's what we're here for is to
take the edge off Omega man it was originally I am legend I am legend got Richard Matheson's
science fiction well let me look that up I am legend yeah here was I was a male bride
no I'm looking at up myself here's I I'm Elvin I am camera I am the law I am legend I am legend is
not in here it says visually striking but unsatisfactor unsatisfactor second filming of Richard
Matheson science fiction thriller I am legend involving friends you have a man well what kind of
a lousy book if I got here I have Leonard Malton TV movies and video guys I have Hallowels film
guide from about six hundred years ago the Roger a stuck in here in this thing I wouldn't wish on
Hitler it's there I'll say at the end test and it's a period of Vincent Price who had a role in
the last man on earth yeah because I saw it I saw both of them and Omega man is much better no
question about it and it's much more modern and it's newer and it's very depressing and it's very
good it is depressing I know it is because it you know it it hits at the root of human nature and
about how basically barbaric and grotesque and selfish and hostile etc we are and who the
how wants to be reminded about that it sounds like Trump like I said it sounds like you live in
in Miami exactly but the no request or no nothing else except to tell you the best on radio and have
a good new year and you too and good luck with your thing thanks a lot yeah bye there's a guy's
gonna sting operated on we have an open line and Broward 5249463 we have 75 free tickets to
not well that usually works in Broward we might just have some tickets here like for the playoff
game huh there you go playoff game four o'clock a week from Sunday we don't know who we're playing
yet but we sure open San Diego with their injured quarterback and their mediocre schedule Davey
a Neil happy New Year's Eve Eve and the same to you happy era of New Year's Eve all right
a Neil that kind of called you about four colors ago with the picker for from Brad Boulevard
yeah what he forgot to say is it was on the news last night that there was about 18 cars that
were hit with rocks that were thrown from there right did you see that yeah and did you see
what who one of the 18 was no I didn't see the thing on the that had mr ego on there I did see that
that's who was yeah yeah no I think I think he did his in a parking lot at home you think you just
I wouldn't be surprised yeah probably just took a boulder and jammed it through they get some
publicity yeah yeah hey Neil I'm a season ticket holder I called you about two three weeks ago
right before the raider game yeah are we sitting section 444 those are pretty good seats like I said
man we only give out the very best on this show it's like right on the 30 yard line and the guys
and the golfing sides like right and the guys in row one oh it's even better how can you beat that
now you can't those are really good seats he's got to really enjoy the game yeah right
Penn State and Stanford yeah isn't that isn't that Bill Lalsh yeah Bill Lalsh and
and Paturna while I help with who cares about Paturna Bill Lalsh man go Penn State
knock their ass out of the ballpark man just to get even with that obnoxious bill
Walsh that hates the dolphins like poison he does he never has anything good to say about him right
or anybody else except himself that's right or the 49 right hey you think Clayton's history
after this or what yes bye bye Mark adios take your rent quiz then go to another locker room man
get out of our face with your big fat mouth I'll tell you one thing you know who made the one of
the big catches on that last drive when we tied up the game Tony Martin ran Tony Martin when
the chips are on the line when your thing is on the wood Tony Martin is there to get make the big
catch and do the number he's been playing real good for who's the one at night granted Clayton did
score the first touchdown in the a Jets game but who's the one that scored the touchdown late in the
game that we all that should have tied it we missed the extra point Tony Martin all right you go
I'm gonna cross the field he made that big play right right bye bye Mark the mark right thanks for the
memories you bet okay Neil just want to say Wayne Rick and Koot girl douchebag the Neil
you're the greatest have a great year see open line and Broward 524 got some tickets here
we don't have any tickets okay we have no hockey tickets we have no bowl tickets we have no
playoff tickets we haven't got squat okay but if it encourages you if it motivates you to get
off your dead ass and stick your finger in that little instant your apparatus and the tour around
little bit then do it that's what we're here for us to as to motivate you to stick your finger in
that apparatus here's a mobile and pepper pines how you doing Neil pretty good happy new yourself same
to you I was going to point out I don't know if you knew but the great Santini was also released the
Ace yeah that was the first name of it it was in the movies it was a bomb in the theaters and then
they changed the name to the great Santini and it became a cult hit on videotape I don't know why
because it was a tremendous movie I mean Robert DuVal and what's her name that played the wife
um oh I don't know how she's thinking she's always plays that kind of pumpkin uh southern she was
great it was just and and the sun was great the sun was great uh what's the last oh I
I don't know his real name oh geez and then all of a sudden he got like a real Hillbilly Yahoo he
played in that movie where he played the ball player for the braves remember that that was at
the pressing movie now his name is Michael O'Keepe isn't it Michael O'Keepe oh I think that yeah I think
now he mentioned I think that's right he played the baseball player and that was such an
depressing movie and he got divorced and it was oh god it was then he looked so bad and the
sheveled and he just keeps getting looking worse and he's got the Davy Johnson syndrome where his
faces fall in a park you know I'll realize the great Santini was outstanding I don't realize
that like that we don't need to see that in the movies right no um I also I think that Sam Donaldson
Sarah is is really just uh he greases it down and comes in a funky kind of way I think how about
his hair uh that too yeah could be yeah I think he's greasing it all right before he slides down it
um do you have any other learning spell with Don Al besides uh I've heard Mr and I've heard
law more and be dying he's uh he's he's Donald Jackson's guy he is the best I'll I will
dig some up for here today I would really appreciate it have a great new year I'll send you
bye bye see you learning to spell with Darnell I be Darnell Jackson uh he's gonna be on how one
oh five by the way Darnell Jackson instead of Molo in the morning as in Mui Molo oh god Molo
I got let's play that NBA thing okay come on where is it I mean I don't know if he did this
or not a really kind of huh he what my father played in the great Santini she's good she is a
real good actress and she was in some other movie where she played with that with that cornpone accent
you know that real Southern cornpour I don't remember what that movie was maybe was one of those
made for TV movies I think it might have been but she is really a great great actress I'll tell you
who else are like in kind of a kvetshi way is say the Thompson from family she's a good actress but
she was kind of a kvetshi kvetshi mother she was like in fact that whole family uh because that
show is still on in syndication on like 75 times a day on the cable and uh and in its time I
thought it was a pretty good show but as you look back on it now and watch it it's annoying because
they were all like uh nerds they were all I mean willy uh you know willy get out of the house and
get a life already okay get your hands out of your pants and go do something already and at
christy mcnickel man I mean you talk about macho man I mean she just uh I don't know what her
story is didn't she just have like a nervous breakdown or something or committed suicide or did
she die what happened to her huh something just bad happened to her like uh she separated from a
girlfriend or something I don't I don't know what though and then the husband James Roderick or
is it broadric James something like that he's also a good actor but he was like he was almost
like Aussie uh Nelson although he did have a job he worked in the newspaper or something but he
I mean he was he was always too busy being a jerk to go to work you and then he went blind for a
couple of weeks and uh he was running around like uh in circles and then and then all of a sudden
it was like oh well never happened he's okay now we get put a few eyedrops in there and he's fine now
oh and then there was the older sister too what the hell is her name though oh talk about
her back to burn oh Meredith back to put her on a gurney and wheeler downtown oh god talk about
screwed up relationships see you watch that show enough it makes you so neurotic that you just give
up on life I mean just nobody can even be happy for like three seconds they're always calm and then
that little adopted daughter that little bratty talk about Prokosius kicker and he asked kid
okay well long late in the show and they oh man just obnoxious and loud and disgusting and maybe
even almost like christian mcnickel I say almost wearing really tight shorts they're so sweaty and then
Meredith back to your on a gurney's uh husband I forget the one with the frizzy here
when they jump to the air and they don't have an underwear hey hey hey hey it's time again for some
way and be a can't wait to watch a mo
so justice will always have boy with which to remember Mitch Lewis by will always have
to remember a molo by
you're out and you get me to watch a show is gone
and be and trust me what I tell you
1236 we have 92,969 dollars in our ever growing rapidly rising Camila's house total we're doing it
we have a toll free number for you if you want your apparatus you can get it to look at that
there is Mike from uh what you call it my favorite muffin an avid shurimal and he's got a big
bunch of crap and look at that steam from engineering just happen to follow Mike in the door which
means one of two things uh we have an open line on the sterile line at ster iod what was I just
starting to say before I saw the food yeah that's just one big muffin and you're gonna sit on it
you're gonna sit on it steep thank you Mike what a guy man isn't that amazing that we called you out
of a uh sound sleep and brought you in here on this day before new years okay you are quick that's
the rumor 1236 on the iod network here's Chuck Meyer Joey Reynolds Tom Hopkins
Jemanage and Randy Rhodes each weekend right here i am an imbecile
this is learning to fail with Donnell I'll be Donnell Jackson and today we're going to spell the word
defense spell it with me now defend df-e-n-f-e now let you get an offense I ruined my new high top
climbing over defense this was learning to fail with Donnell I'll be Donnell Jackson
probably sold that Sony to defense too 1240 and I want to tell you something these muffins
from my favorite muffin when you get a peek at what's in that box you aren't gonna believe it
thank you Mike in the adventurer of my favorite muffin they have the best muffins in the history
of the human race god there's like chocolate chip ones in there and there's ones with like
chocolate swirling with like a cherry stuck on the top and there's like big blueberry ones are
the size of uh north Dakota they're so big and the muffins too so anyway micha low keef is
married to body rate james broadrick is uh dead and he's Matthew broadrick's father or was
boy that now that just doesn't compute does it he just uh well i guess because it's just a show
it's just a tv thing what the hell is this that i'm watching on here now what is this
damage it's from a movie called damage and once again they're doing the horizontal position again
i mean a movie today just isn't completely unless we have at least 20 or 30 scenes in the horizontal
position like a kiss before dying that's another one where there's like all this gratuitous and i
Matt dill and i hate to tell you but uh is one of these guys who thinks he's like mr. young hot
sex pot fancies himself as another james dean and i see a lot in common there both ugly both uh
mediocre and both highly touted and overrated and the semi literate at best but it is a good movie
we have an open line and date seven five one we have an open line and broard five two four and we
have an open line on a star line at star iod that looks like three on a phone i just i'm just
trying to keep a little momentum up because i know it's the holidays i know you're busy i know you
have a full plate you have a heavy schedule things and we're trying to hang on to you my misbrings
yes i was listening to jimmy cephalo and he said it was true that annually the dolphins are the most
criticized team yeah well if anybody would know we have uh
oh no that jimmy man what a sense of humor huh you talk about a you know the one word that comes
to mind what i think about the first team as they call it on wqa m
the one word that comes to mind is lackluster lackluster i mean jimmy cephalo again don't
nice guy good guy like jimmy and you know i'm not too bad football player he could catch it every
now and then in the ball too but lackluster i mean so combatose and so low key and so in the morning
i mean you don't want to go back to sleep again dolphins annually the least penis i penal penalized
team holding okay we have an open line at day seven five one and let's do a mobile in four
lot of deal hello oh nil yes sir yeah i just i don't know if anybody is letting you know but just
big traffic jam with 95 here but you know you're idiot uh traffic guys there they don't let you know
anything why you got it wrong he headed on he did yeah he said the 95 north of brow ball of
art be closed is what he said is that right yeah the traffic's backed up from from brow now
always on a selling road i'll be damned i'll be damned i'll let the people know that i didn't hear that
part well we we finally got one you know if you don't have to throw enough crap up in here as soon
or later you get one right right all right thanks you pile have a great new year
boy they're they're here they're they're they're everywhere today but that's okay we appreciate it
the sluggers wife was the name of the movie with uh micro low key with uh who else was in it
Rebecca de moore oh Rebecca de moore name no what do you remember that
and she's all right and he is gotten so and in fact that movie was like the uh change of life for him
he became so not just ugly but just slovenly you know schmutzie and now that's all he places like
schmutzie parts because he's a schmutzie guy but in the great santini he was like uh you know
an all-american clean cut and remember the thing out on a basketball court and they were out there
in the Robert duvel was playing grab ass with a coach and there was a hell of a movie really was
in fact that was the movie where i think the locker room scene they were a drinking prune tang
isn't that what the movie was from yeah two open lines and date seven five one and one and
one and brown or five another good movie that uh maybe a little corn ball one on one with robby
Benson now i realized that most robby Benson movies are not movies we would discuss here on the
year because only perverts would watch those because he runs around his underwear a lot but that
was a pretty interesting movie if you're into sports and if you're into like the big fraud of uh
the collegiate athletics and all that that was pretty good no you didn't like that did you see it
you didn't see one on one with robby Benson what are you some kind of a god damn communist god
George here's a st. Petersburg hello didn't see fatso and didn't see one on one and this man is
sitting in there with a cigar in his mouth like he knows something about life probably not you're right
how's our friend Bob Lassard now you're in laws are right George
comey how is Bob Lassard fat really fat besides that got fat on his eyelids he's got fat
on parts of his body where it's illegal in Chicago it's why they kicked his ass out of there
probably true any rumors around him coming back to the same peteria i don't know it's just
you never know about these things a lot of rumors flying around okay i will just look
look let's start one i've got okay he's coming to the iw shwenda no there you go great i've got a
top 10 wish list for the Tampa Bay area okay number 10 a baseball team number nine
a football team yeah well that was number uh that's a little later someone to blow
away somebody what to blow up loot oh march shot to marry wane hasinga
a real NFL quarterback hmm a baseball team someone to blow up wfla
kaka woom Bob Lassard on the airwaves in Tampa Bay
boy a hockey arena where it seats more people than wait a minute wait a minute let's
see what you call me short hero okay i'm eating my muffin i'm out of my own business it's almost
new year and i'm not prepared for stick okay let's go back to Bob what Bob Lassard
are back on the airwaves of Tampa Bay yeah yeah a hockey arena where it seats more people than cows
oh a baseball team and major raspberry animal has for the main
fellow son coast dome okay hey and one last quick thing if any test of ready you're
huge gripping disgusting puss build smeg misbeared a neat animal of a douchebag oh thank you and
happy new year viny yeah see ya yeah that viny testy birdie in fact i heard defolast night talking
about that uh... u.m. tenisee game the bull game few years how long ago was that not too long go
and how of viny through like another major interception like he always doesn't got buried and how
they buried my amy and all that good stuff i kind of enjoyed hearing about it we have an open
line and uh...broward and one and two and date and one on the out of town and that looks like one
to three four not good not good twelve forty seven don't forget we're going to be doing our
thing at the new year's eve celebration at uh... the big orange thing at bayfront park eight p.m.
the midnight will have a booth there with all the committals how stuff you can bring your visa
mastercard or cash or checks or whatever have all our stuff there for you to raise tons of money
and randy's gonna be doing her show live there on uh... thursday night and uh... rican suds are
gonna be there in the afternoon and then again at night as glutons for punishment they're coming
back from eleven to twelve thirty in the morning to help you ring in the new year and get wasted
and all that other good stuff so be sure to be there at six ten w i d stage at the winter wonderland
area in bayfront park eight p.m. the midnight on thursday twelve forty eight on the i o d network
coming up tonight today following sports talks six ten it's the reddy road show right here
yeah
in the ment
Every year we got Canadian tourists, how did all it work out?
All it worked out?
And it wouldn't be quite so bad if they would learn to drive.
Learn to drive!
Out on the beach we'll see Canadian's, who weighs 300 pounds.
100 pounds.
They learn around with the speed of art, and their perfect hanging down.
They hold, they sheep, and they are dead.
They hold, they sheep, and they are dead.
They hold, they sheep, and they are dead.
I got to tell you this muffin that I'm eating is so good that I had like two accidents during the break.
I cannot begin to tell you.
Oh God, Mike, that's good.
Anyway, we have an open line in day, 751 and one on a star line at star IOD.
Where is the Marvin again this week?
He's on vacation again?
Still.
What do you mean still?
He took two weeks.
He has still pictures?
Oh, it's still pictures that he's got.
I thought maybe it was movies.
No, I knew he had some kind of pictures.
That's the only reason he's here.
I mean this guy has got like about 75 weeks of your vacation.
I don't understand it.
He gets more vacation than the guys who show he works.
I don't get that.
Have a muffin, Alex.
Yeah, there's, in fact, there's one with your initials on it.
ML, Mona Lisa Muffin.
Here's Tampa.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Happy New Year, pal.
Hey, what's happening?
We're doing it.
What I understand are you some Bob's tapes, old tapes from Flaws.
Warm up back for Dr. Kavorkin.
Really?
Get them right and move.
Oh, I love it.
Bob can slow you down.
Just a little bit, yeah.
But he's good.
He's great.
He's great.
He's a little comatose.
That's all.
Keep bringing this movie up.
And I just was compelled to call you about FATSO.
Yeah.
That movie is super.
That one moment is super where they go get the honey Jr.
Oh, yeah.
That guy doesn't look like a state of Rhode Island.
You got it.
He's covered off the wall.
Yeah.
That is a real special cellular moment.
Get the honey, Jr.
Another one in that movie is when he goes to get his nephews ice cream cake.
Yeah.
Oh, you ate the ooney.
Yeah.
And Bagcroft goes crazy and she's like digging her fingers into the ice cream cake and destroying it.
Yeah.
Because he ate a big slice out of it where it said the happy birthday to me and he ate the ooney.
You ate the ooney.
If she goes nuclear, that's super.
She's great.
And Bagcroft is just a...
Can you imagine being a fly on the wall in that house with Mel Brooks and then Bagcroft?
I mean, what appear that's got to be?
That has got to be one happy couple.
Boy.
And another movie that I like that it's fairly obscure to get really active reviews was Why's Guy?
With Piscopo and Danny DeVito.
Why's Guy?
There's a line in that movie that I would love to use around the holidays.
He goes to see a relative in the New Jersey shore to bail him out or whatever because they screwed up.
You wasn't one of those newvo reach that Ed Till was talking about, wasn't?
No, no, no, no.
They play a couple of real bad wise guys.
But anyway, his aunt comes to the door and answers it and she goes like that.
We knew it was only a matter of time before you arrived at Piscopo.
That's a curious hello.
But I always thought that'd be a good hello to use when those relatives...
You know Piscopo, but I don't understand him.
I don't know what's the deal there.
I don't get it.
He had that little while on Saturday night live where his big thing was taken off on the king.
And then that was it.
Yeah, and then he did all those beer commercials.
But I mean, what does his claim to fame?
I don't see anything there.
No, there's kind of like Jay Leno.
I don't know why people are surprised that Jay Leno was bombing because I never thought he was funny in the first place.
He just immediately...
Really, a mediocre talent at best.
And they try to build him up to be something that he's not and then they can't understand why he fails.
I don't understand that.
And he should be...
I think rightly so he should be nervous because I think NBC is going to hang on the letterman.
But how can they afford that?
How the hell can they afford it?
And how can...
Listen to me, how can CBS afford to offer him that money?
They just lost a trillion dollars on baseball.
I mean, they took the pipe on baseball.
They did.
Oh man, every long there is.
Big time on baseball.
Yeah.
I laugh every time.
So how the hell can they come up?
Don't you remember just a couple of years ago when CBS had all the cutbacks and they closed up their bureau here and all over the country?
They closed down all these bureaus and they fired a lot of really good people.
In fact, who was the little guy with the white here? Fred Graham.
He's now on board.
Everybody that was there.
But Fred Graham was good.
He was like...
I had a Texas Hill Bay, the accident, but he was a good reporter.
Now he's on court TV.
But I mean, they fired like a whole bunch of people to make cutbacks because the economy sucked and they were dying over there.
And now all of a sudden they got like millions for baseball and 20 million for David.
I think they're hiding it under Dan Rather's mattress or something.
Which everybody says, you know, it keeps crying about the money that the baseball players get.
And they keep getting the athletes, keep asking for it and they keep spending the money.
And everybody expects this golden cow to run out.
But they exactly went out and shot him out.
It seems like somebody, somewhere has this sort of money that's just never going to run out of it.
I guess if they had a locker room at the Taj Mahal, they'd probably have a golden shower.
Have a great New Year pal.
And 50 million years from now, who'll give a crap, right?
I got you.
Have a great day.
We have an open line indeed.
7-5-1 and one in Fort Myers-Fort Pierce and everything in between.
Immaculate, corkscrew.
See, anybody can pick out like, you know, that Rick Riley picks out, what was the one?
Newport Richie.
Well, anybody can do that.
Rick, come on.
I think that he stole my roadmap yesterday and that's how they did that.
Because all of a sudden, everything that I had in here has disappeared mysteriously and suspiciously.
Let's do Moral Springs.
Hello.
It's the gang line.
Gang line.
Neil.
Yes.
Question for you.
Whatever helped the big Dave.
Whatever happened to him?
Yeah, don't hear you talk about him.
He's still around. He's in the vending business now. He's peddling it.
He's peddling it, huh?
Yeah.
Oh.
He's still okay. He needs a haircut, but I don't know how he's all right.
Oh, that's good.
He lives in my neighborhood.
Oh, huh.
Couple of blocks away.
Oh, he's still taking bets for rides in your car or what?
He's doing what?
Never bet.
The girl bet.
That Dave, you've always won the rough with.
Bet?
Bet, yeah.
No, I remember Jill and of course I remember Kim.
He lived with Kim for like four years and then of course they just split up again for the 85th time.
But that won't last long.
And the bet.
Yes, now I do remember bet.
Crazy bet.
He gets around.
Yeah.
He gets his share.
I kind of like you.
Yeah.
Right.
Anyway, that's what I wanted to know.
Well, I, you know, acquiring my, acquiring Heinz Wannano.
Have a great day.
You too, Bob.
Open line and Broward, 524.
And one on the other town line.
Come on, let's get with it there, man.
Let's get going in Punta Gorda.
Now they did, they did do Punta Gorda.
Now we had success with that, that one day.
Remember that, but it was a guy driving through.
Because nobody there is under the age of a hundred and can't get to the phone even if they would listen to this crap.
1-800-944-9, what is it?
946-3.
1-800-944-W.
If you're in Punta Gorda, if you're in the Port Charlotte.
Well, we have never had to call from Port Charlotte.
Have we?
Port Charlotte line.
Robbie Benson is the Lord.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Was that Bob or Tom just in there?
You know, I hope that Tom Velvita is speaking of Bob and Tom.
I hope Tom Velvita, he was talking to him this morning before the show and he was just, he must be doing heavy duty drugs or something.
He was so happy, he was like spitting and puking and choking over the phone.
And he was something must be going on over there.
They must be doing it as you went a lot better than we know they are.
They must be actually selling a few spots, which for them would be a miracle.
Because they had that Cox broadcasting sales approach.
Like they go up to the client and they say, you wouldn't want to buy any spots would you?
I didn't think so.
That's the whole approach here in sales.
But he is just ecstatic.
And I started to say I hope he really appreciates the fact that the tremendous sacrifices we've made for them.
For the honor of being on the great WSUN.
Bob and Tom, history, other than the Casey Kaisam thing, which they sent us.
See, they can also, the Jewish Polkinoes was the thing of theirs too.
When they send you something, they can't take it back.
And all I can say is they got a lot of goddamn nerve getting uptight.
Maybe if we gave them enough publicity, they might get their ass out of that God for a second Indianapolis.
This is South Florida's news, traffic and weather station.
Newstalk Radio 610, WIOD, Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and the Palm Beach.
On the label.
Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rock.
Newstalk Radio 610, WIOD presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk with Neil, dial 751, WIOD from date.
Inbroward, 524, WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code, toll free, 1-800-944-WIOD.
And Bell South Mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star, IOD.
Now, the Neil Roger Show on Newstalk Radio 610, WIOD.
Inbroward, 2 hour.
Who knows the value of X? Ms. Duncan.
Hi, I'm Sandy Duncan for Perky Learning Centers.
When I was in school, the American Education System was terrific.
And I still had trouble with algebra.
That's because I wasn't very bright and I only had one eye.
But that didn't matter because I was Perky and all my teachers really liked me.
Today, with up to 40 kids in a class, it's hard to get noticed, let alone to be teacher's pet.
That's where Perky Learning Centers can help.
Perky teaches your kids how to suck up, kiss butt, and make dimples when they smile.
Call Perky Learning Centers, P-E-R-K-Y, or I, or something like that.
I wasn't very good at spelling either.
For Christ's sake, I only had one eye.
I was speaking of Mitch Lewis, by the way.
We'll also always remember...
There you go. We got a whole bunch of crap to remember Mitch by.
Wait a minute, let me just do something here.
Hi, I'm Emily Hasek.
You need neither.
For Christ's sake, I only had one eye.
Okay, well that's all you need to hear on that one.
107 at WIOD, we have a couple of open lines.
They're in day-to-day. One more time, you're right.
Ah, Emily Hasek.
It's spelling either.
For Christ's sake, I only had one eye.
Okay, Sandy, we get to pick your, we can see it.
So you know what I'm watching now?
Family.
What channel am I on here just a second?
Oh, it's on WOR.
Every day at one o'clock, it's that, because I mean,
my watch, Santa Barbara anymore, it's going off the year any day,
and it's going to be very depressing.
And all the good people are dead except Raffa, and they've got,
he's all like bandages up and covered up anyway.
So I waste your time.
So I'm watching family.
And there's James Broderick driving the car, which is quite a trick,
because he's dead.
And there's Seda, who's got that, oh, she's got always that look,
always that like kind of constipated, oh, I haven't had a good
BM in years, and I'm really worried about it, look.
And he's got a real sour push on his face, and they're driving it.
Okay, let's go to Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
Happy holidays.
And the same to you.
And yours, and etc.
There we go.
Uh-huh.
Okay, I got some material for you, too.
But I'm going to go before that.
Okay, this is a request of not smooth with no tickets or nothing.
Good, because we don't have any.
I know that.
I've been listening.
Got some muffins, though.
Okay, you know, that one for just $95, I believe it is.
You can become Jewish.
Yeah.
This is from my sister-in-law, and can you get that on before you go off?
I beg your pardon.
The air.
Um, you know, something I haven't played that in ages.
I know.
They didn't get rid of it, I hope.
Uh, well, that's what I just want to check, because I don't like making any promises, and then you sit there.
Oh, boy, he's going to play it, and then I don't play it, and you're all sitting around there bitching me out.
I've got a long tape.
Okay, well, while you're talking, I'll look for it, and the card, too.
Uh, okay.
Can you slow her me down?
No, you can't.
Yeah, I hear you.
Okay, uh, you've heard that song, Steam.
Steam, goodbye.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, this is for all our Canadian friends, which you love, and especially the French ones, where it goes A-A-A, goodbye.
Yeah.
You can have some fun with that.
Oh, too bad we don't still have mention Lewis here, if somebody created to do something like that, he'd have it on the air before two o'clock.
There you go.
I'm not going to call nobody a douchebag or nothing like that.
Well, wait a minute.
What's the name of the thing I'm looking for?
Uh, you can become a Jewish for knife or something.
Well, I'm just trying to figure out where the hell I would have put it in my great system here.
And I'll find it.
It's in here.
Try to be under J.
Under J for Jewish.
I have a great new year, pal.
Okay, thanks Neil.
See you.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Uh, Earl's Stripes is the thing.
We haven't played that in a long time, I think, since the tissue ball we haven't played that.
Since we came on in four miles, we don't want to play too much yetish stuff.
They get very upset about that.
They start getting their sheets out and getting real psychotic.
I don't know where the hell that thing is.
Well, there's so many cards that just kind of like disappear and walk out the door and you don't, you don't realize it's like the old saying.
You don't know what you got until you lose it.
You don't know that it's missed until you're looking for it.
And then when you're looking for it and you can't find it, you miss it.
Believe me.
Uh, it'll be around somewhere.
Maybe, huh?
You think so?
Not.
Earl's Stripes.
Maybe it's under S.
As in Stripes.
Hmm, maybe not.
Huh?
Don't see it under S.
Maybe it's under E as an Earl.
Or maybe it's under J as in Jappy.
I don't know where the hell it is.
I think this guy probably stole the card and he wanted to start up with me.
We have an open line in Broward 524 and two in date.
Boy, you folks today are really on the old raggola, huh?
What is their story?
At 7519463, it's 10 after one on the IOD Network.
That's the latest news from the 610 WIOD News Center each hour.
Plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast.
WIOD!
This is Luna to spell with Don L.
I'll be Don L. Jackson.
And today we're going to spell the word Delight.
Spell it with me now.
Delight.
D-E-L-I-G-H-T.
Now, let's use it in a sentence.
When I go to sleep, I always turns out Delight.
This is Luna to spell with Don L.
I'll be Don L. Jackson.
I'll be darned too because Earl Stripes is long gone, disappeared.
Probably miss filed somewhere or it just walked out and this guy that called is the guy that took it probably.
We have an open line at Broward 524 and Dave is just a bizarre today.
I can't remember any day ever that we've had this in Dave County.
And we've had it in Broward a lot but there was a reason for that.
We don't know what it is yet.
But Dave County is just absolutely doing it.
Somewhere else they're not playing in our neighborhood today.
They're probably all pissed off about how 105 that MOLO is getting fired.
751-9463 and Dave.
751-W-I-O-D.
Come on, let's wake up out there, man.
In Haya Lea, we haven't had one call from Haya Lea today.
South Miami.
In what?
Where the hell else is there is no place left in Dave County where anybody knows what's going on?
Here's Coconut Creek. Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay, happy to you, sir.
Name to you, sir.
Listen, you know, if the season ended today the MAPOLO's would be in the playoffs.
The MAPOLI's have won not won but two in a row.
I know.
Whoo!
What's going on with them?
Did you read about how they scored the winning goal last night against the islanders?
I understand. I didn't get to read the reading here.
Glenn Anderson takes a shot and he fanned on a shot and just got like a little piece of it.
All right.
And the islander goalie fell back like out of the goal out of position and he just had a lie there.
And as he was helpless out of the crease, the puck just slid, trickled into the net with 50 seconds left in the game.
And the Leafs get a greasy goal and win it and we will take it.
Unbelievable.
It is.
Unbelievable.
All right. Well, I just wanted to let you know. I wanted to wish the MAPOLI's the good luck this year.
Well, we're going to pull out a little hat out of the trick bag this second half.
Pat Burns is reactivating George. The chief Armstrong is coming back.
Well, as long as they finish above Tampa, I'm happy.
Well, right at the moment, what do you got?
About four or five points on M6 points.
Five points ahead of them.
Five?
Five.
Like I said, we got a long way to go.
Pretty respectable.
Yeah, right.
Have a great new year.
You too, sir.
See ya.
Open line in Broward, five, two, four and two and Dave still.
What's going on there in Dave?
Hi, Alia North Miami.
Miami Shore is Biscayne Park.
Oh my God, you can't even begin a homestead.
Norengia, P-Rine, Cutler Ridge.
West Miami, Sweetwater, Godwired, Little Havana.
Huh?
Hi, Alia.
They just don't give a flying crap about us anymore in Dave County, huh?
I guess this is the thing in the new year.
Browards coming back, dates shipping out.
Hey, listen, if you have it all at once, who the hell needs that?
And look at that.
There's Kate is in the back seat of this car.
This is a driving family show today.
They're all in the car of the whole show.
And she's in the back seat with little baby.
And you just know they're going to get in some big wreck.
You can just tell any second they're going to get a gigantic wreck
any minute.
And there's Willie is on the phone.
Well, that's good.
He's at least doing something a little more animated.
He's such a deadhead that Willie, you know?
Just to just bump on a log.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
And got a frizzy haircut too.
Pretty good. Happy new year to you.
Hey, listen, man.
I just called to say goodbye and to thank you for the entertainment you've been providing me with over the years.
Goodbye for what forever?
Well, I'm moving to Anchorage.
Jeez, then it is forever.
Why the hell are you moving to Anchorage?
Have you taken a leave of your censors, sir?
No, there's a big radio opportunity out there for me.
A big radio opportunity in Anchorage?
Well, you know, you got to do it.
You got to do it.
You can big the big up here in West Palm or Miami.
They don't have radio opportunities.
They don't have radio here.
So you're going there to work in radio in Anchorage?
Yeah.
What?
Power 102, it's a CHR.
I'm going to be the afternoon dry.
A CHR in Anchorage, Alaska.
How the hell can you go wrong?
How many stations have they got in Anchorage?
They've got 19.
19 stations?
Can you believe that?
Woo!
Oh, man.
Holy crap.
But, you know, they don't have any here and it's just, I've been getting so sick of it and there's no decent jobs anywhere else.
I don't blame you.
You know, getting the hell out of it.
Well, I don't know, though, but Anchorage, have you ever been up there?
Did you go there at all or is this just-
I've never been in snow before.
Never been in snow.
Well, you know, one thing I've always said, if you're going to get into something for the first time, like dive right into it big time,
don't just beat around the edges, just jump right into it.
Damn right.
Right.
Alright.
You'll be back in three weeks.
I'm telling you.
Well, probably so, but I'll probably be back in three weeks just for them to miss you guys.
Right. There you go.
That'll be a good excuse.
Hey.
Good luck, pal.
Thanks a lot, man.
Have a great life.
Yeah.
Bye-bye.
Oh, God.
What a maniac.
See what this business does to people?
So, rural strides has gone.
I just, you know, I'm not paying any attention what these people are talking about.
I'm just-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What is-
What about-
What about-
What about-
What about-
In that time we really continue working despite everything,
that we do not make make Bible bolt in our house
If we measure in the times of this
of broadcasting. Hockey night in Canada.
The hockey is lost. Kelly, that's the hooker. Hopefully it's left the end.
I'm going to leave. He's just going!
Yeah. Anyway, just say happy new year.
Don't seem too excited about all that me-police stuff I pulled out there for you.
Well, I left the beef. I did it just for you. Did you?
All right. You left when? I said we left the leaves.
What do you mean you left the leafs? What does that mean?
We left the leaf. Oh, you left the leafs?
You said you left the leafs, as in behind, as in Maple Leaf Gardens.
We're right behind the leafs all the way.
Yeah, I bet you are way behind.
You sound like the ghost of Harold Ballard, if you ask me.
Harold would be turning in his grave. I think he's still spinning there.
Why is that? Why? They actually want a couple of games.
They're here. It's better than when they're...
They're here. They're here. They're here.
They've signed some other check, guy.
Well, we got all those foreigners on there, man.
What Boria Salming wasn't bad. We got to get a few more foreigners on there.
Right up to mediocrity.
Right. And Doug Gilmore, he's doing it, not.
I mean, he's got like 9 or 10 goals. I always love the way they look.
Gilmore is a god. He's good.
The guy is amazing at the same play.
Yeah, he is good. He's very good.
And anyway. I'll believe it. He's good.
Over here in Fort Myers, they need a few more. What can I say?
I never forget the leafs are trading away Vincent D'Amfouce, man.
I mean, Daniel Merwaw, I can deal with that. I can cope with it, but not Vincent D'Amfouce.
You just...
There always a crazy...
The guy scores four goals in an all-star game and they trade him away.
They're really gonna do...
I don't know. Bring back Johnny Bauer.
Just strap him up to the net.
Have a great new year, eh?
Neil? Yeah.
Love you. I just want to say a couple of people, a couple of douchebags.
Yes.
Glenn, Susan, Carrie, and his dog, Tal. Major League.
And...
Have a good one.
Bye-bye.
See ya.
Foxes set a rise.
Park steals it at two on one for an all.
Park scores!
Hello!
Wendell Clark is God.
Don't ever forget it either.
Okay, because it could be a trivia question on the Chuck Myers show Saturday morning.
We have an open line in Broward, 524.
That'd be a good one for dead or alive, Chuck.
Bill Hewitt, Saturday morning.
There's one to put in your little list.
Let's do the alley.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir. Are you on the alley?
Yeah, I'm still on it almost off of it.
I've been on for a sense now. I could get back in the cell.
Since you could get back in the cell?
Yeah, I was kind of...
That was Ted Bundy said, too.
I came from Naples.
With a banjo on your knee, right?
Right. No, no.
As you come across, you run out of coverage,
and then you get back over here on the East Coast.
You mean they got a...
They got a Rome spot.
They got a dead spot.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I mean, is this...
Yeah, either. Yes, it is.
Oh, great.
Well, who the hell did you think it was?
First time caller.
Great.
Many years later.
Yes?
Many years later.
I tried to call you a Monday going over to Naples,
and I believe it or not.
You were busy.
And I got you on the back.
I got one question asked, you okay?
Okay, shoot.
Okay.
You have a dog that's a lab,
and it's got a problem with the fleas,
and you were talking about...
What are you talking about?
I don't have a lab,
and I don't have fleas,
and either of my dogs.
Oh, I thought your dog gets fleas.
Okay.
Your dog does that.
That's fleas.
I beg your pardon?
I thought you...
I heard you on the phone,
or the radio about a week ago,
you were talking about this dog food,
did you gave your dog...
Oh, you were talking past tense.
Yes, I did have a bad flea problem,
and one once upon a time,
a couple of years ago.
Right.
And I got rid of the fleas.
I used that barracks who were in the carpets,
and I got rid of the fleas.
Okay.
And then I used some good stuff on her skin,
some skin so soft from the A-von lady.
Right, right.
And then I'm feeding them this,
come and get it,
and there's that...
Come and get it.
That's the one I wanted to call.
I'll talk to you about it.
My golden retriever has got the best skin
on the face of the earth.
Okay.
He is the finest dog that has ever been born.
This dog that we have is so bad.
One flea will turn the whole dog into skin,
just like the white dog.
Right, because they have an allergy.
Yeah, oh, you've got a bad...
We take them to the vet,
the vet screws around,
and rips us off for money,
and you know how they do.
You know, like a human being, you know.
Coming back and coming back,
and I'm going to tell you
that he never does any good.
Well, where is your dog picking up the fleas?
I don't know.
Who knows, you know.
Well, what do you mean who knows?
Have any had a little chat with him
and ask him what the hell he's doing?
Well, every time I talk to him,
I just lick me.
I have a friend like that.
Yeah, you have a dog like that.
Yeah, but it's fun.
No, I didn't say I have a dog like that.
But anyway, you've got to get rid of the fleas first,
and you've got to do the skin so soft,
and you've got to get the fleas out of your carpet,
and out of your yard.
Yeah, we do.
No, I was just joking.
We do that.
We got the skin so soft,
and we spray the fleas in the house,
and all that crap.
And so what, so did you get rid of them?
Yeah, but you know, you miss one,
and he's back to eat himself again.
I haven't had a flea in that,
and my old house,
or I had in the new house in the two and a half years,
I haven't had a flea.
Well, I mean, not one.
I come in every day when I come home from work,
and I get on my hands and knees,
and I crawl around the carpeting,
and on the walls, and on the ceiling,
and I check, and I look in the dogs fur,
and in the backyard,
and then by that time,
it's time to go to bed.
Really?
No fleas.
Boy, it takes you a long time to go to bed.
No, well, you got to be thorough, man,
because like you said, if there's just one,
that can be the end of the world.
No fleas.
I'm telling you, come and get it.
That dog food,
and you don't have to go to the health food store,
you don't have to go to some laboratory in China.
All you do is you go in a supermarket.
It's in a purple pig sack.
Come and get it.
It's great.
They love it.
They'll come and get it.
Believe me, and you're,
and don't go feeding your dog,
and he can't, um,
dog, no.
I'm repeating it to my son.
No, can dog food.
Right.
Okay, that's the thing.
Believe me, man,
and not only that,
but they'll be farting a lot less, too.
Well, I don't care about that.
Well, I care a lot.
That's kind of fun.
You know, I can't have a lot of food.
We're doing together.
Is that it?
Well, you can always blame the dog.
That's right.
Okay, have a great new year.
One more question.
Quickly.
One more question.
Okay, I've been watching this,
what's this rush long bark after you've been talking to him,
and I hate to say that he's kind of,
he makes me sad to even consider myself semi-conservative.
He's so, he like, I think he's a red herring.
From the, for the liberals,
they put somebody like that up to make everybody
that semi-conservative.
Did you say a red,
a red garing is in Hermann garing?
Have a great new year, pal.
I can't stand the sound of the phone anymore.
I mean, he's okay, but a little pushy, but God.
Oh, man, it feels so good not to hear that noise, don't I?
Oh, we have an open line in the starline,
star-i-o-d, and one on the out of townline, one 800 flea.
And let's do, uh, Miami.
Hello.
Miami at a power line, yes.
Oh, Neil, yes.
I'm gonna go up the tampa next weekend.
Bad move.
Bad move.
I'm just kidding. Just pulling your leg.
Okay, I wanted to know if a tampa-feet lighting
was playing either a Friday or Saturday.
Well, you know, something you would have come
to the right place, but that damn Roger,
oh, wait a minute.
Uh, no, this is the Marlon schedule.
So help me.
If he threw out my lightning schedule,
I'm gonna be apple-plectic.
I had all my stuff in here.
Oh.
You know, Roger, you make me nauseous, dammit.
But what the hell did he do with all my crap?
Got some goddamn nerve coming in here and throwing out all the stuff
I had in my file cabinet here,
and he threw it all out.
I know it was him, because nobody else would have done that.
Mr. Clean, Clean Your Stuff Out, crap.
I don't know what the hell is.
Well, somebody over there will call in.
When is it gonna be?
It's off. I'm going Friday or Saturday.
I mean, I'll be there Friday and Saturday, so.
Of this week?
Not this week, but next weekend.
The next weekend.
Well, somebody will call in who's got a schedule
and the Roger makes me puke.
Okay.
And have a good time.
You two, then.
See ya.
What?
Somebody's on there already on 9?
Hello.
And you all, how you doing?
Pretty good. You got a schedule?
Lightening are on their longest road trip of the season.
Oh, that's right.
They don't come back home till January 16th.
Oh, thank God.
I got to go off the phone,
so I don't have to give them the bad news in person.
They're long gone.
Yeah, you're right.
This is that big, long stretch.
And then, of course, the 21st.
They'll be home with them.
Ape leaves. I'll be there.
Do or die.
Hey, leaves.
Now, do you think that I'll have a little problem
being in that very small arena?
Depends on where your seats are.
With all those Yahoo's in there screaming,
go, leaves, go.
I just don't think I'm going to be doing that.
You're going to have a lot of them.
I'll just say it under my breath.
Go, leaves, go.
I'll just whisper it to myself.
Huh? Yeah, I think that's the best idea.
There you go.
It's the prudent thing to do.
This is the lighting's do or die,
because if they fall apart on this road trip,
they're going to be out of the playoff show.
Well, yeah, but they gave you a good run for your money.
And you leave us alone.
Okay, we'd like to get into playoffs,
at least one time before the Miami team gets in.
They're not over yet.
You're right.
Now, they're playing good hockey.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, thank you.
See ya.
See ya.
Okay, there was the deal.
It was that Tom Velvita.
It sounded just like Tom.
Only a little more animated.
Couldn't have been Tom.
So we couldn't find the Earl Strite's thing.
And obviously, the guy never called you back
because it's not the 91 best, though.
I think it was the previous year,
which maybe we got one of those in there.
Huh?
No?
Well, I don't know.
I'm doing a damn best I can for this guy
because he said before the end of the show,
and of course, you know it's a put on
and whoever took the card out of here
probably is like his boyfriend.
And oh, call up Neil and ask for the car
because we know it's not in there anymore.
That kind of stuff.
That happens every goddamn day, every day.
Maybe it's Joey's boyfriend.
I don't know.
Joey probably is fingering the stuff in here.
It's like letting the fox into the chicken coop.
I don't see it.
And of course, that was another Mitch Lewis gem.
That was a Mitch Lewis with little Laura classic.
I wonder how Laura's doing.
Every once in a while, I see her at Doris Market
or at the supermarket.
How you doing, Laura?
We love you.
And let me tell you, Laura,
it will make you feel good to know
that when they blew your ass out of here,
this place became a toilet.
A total toilet.
I mean, the copy situation,
the whole sales situation just became a nightmare
when they blew little Laura's ass out of here.
And the only reason they did that is because
Boy Gary hated her like poison.
That's the reason they did it.
So I don't know where the hell that thing is.
It's not on the 91, it's not on the 92,
and maybe it's on the 90,
and if we can't find a tough luck,
Boka.
Come on, Dave.
Okay.
All right.
Hey, Neil.
What's going on in there?
What's going on in the background?
I can't find my car.
Have you seen my father in you?
Huh?
Somebody's bothering you in the back there.
Yeah, I'm going to cut the crap.
Gary's bothering me.
Yeah, leave him alone, Gary.
So anyway.
Anyways, I got a crap load of stuff to talk about here.
Okay, let's get right.
Let's stuff down as I'm going along,
and take a look.
Let's lay down some crap here.
First of all, the game, Miami game.
Yeah.
Sunday.
Terrible.
Oh, nauseated.
Did you see when I saw it all?
He threw a pass and it was an interception.
And the camera did a close-up on his face.
And you did it.
And he'd lip-sync.
M and F in bull shot.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah, I saw it.
And then they put it back in a small mold.
Right.
Yeah.
Speaking of movies.
I think that the lip readers of America,
the deaf people are going to go to the FCC
and start complaining about this crap.
Yeah.
This Amy Fisher crap.
I didn't see it.
I didn't see it.
I taped it.
Because I was at the track Monday night, huh?
You haven't watched it yet.
No.
Is it good?
Yeah, but definitely the NBC movie is her story.
And I'm not sure if it's ABC that's going to do history.
And then CBS is going to do both of them together.
Well, no, CBS already did it.
Or no, was NBC.
NBC, I see.
Well, was it good?
Yeah, it was pretty good.
Because my mother said it was great.
And of course, her taste is marginal at best.
I wish I were to tape that she had an interview on.
Because she thought a few good men was terminal.
And everybody else I talked to said it was a tremendous movie.
Yeah.
Just 9 o'clock warm up in the morning.
What is the deal?
I have nothing to do with that.
I mean, what is with Mary?
He's always, first through he had a half an hour off.
Now he's taking a whole hour off.
Right.
Well, pretty soon he's going to be on from 5.30 to 6 in the morning.
I was going to say, why don't you just start at 5.30 and just go away?
He's going to say, he's going to say,
Uga Buga and hold on to what you all got and read a couple of birthdays and go back home and go to sleep.
But it is fine to go listen back to the old things.
Well, whatever turns you on, I mean, if you enjoy George works his ass off to put that crap together
and try to make it a meaningful hour.
He's really doing it.
That's what he told me this morning.
And then you add all the little stuff here in there that you should add it before.
Yeah, I threw a few little goodies in there because I'm sitting here doing nothing anyway.
So I might as well toss something in there.
So it's way till you look at these muffins in here, man.
You are going to jump up and down and scream.
I remember when the Simpsons came out, he just cannot stand anybody called.
If you try to look at the Simpsons and see what you like about it.
Right.
Well, I agree with him.
I did like the Simpsons but it was in an out-type fat.
In and out.
Kind of like Star Trek.
The new thing is just Rand Stimpy.
Have you seen that?
No.
Oh, man.
Rand Stimpy makes the Simpsons look like kindergarten.
If I went apart, I'll do it myself.
There's a couple of things.
There's a couple of things that these characters say.
That would be excellent for a card.
And I'd like to give you a couple.
Okay, fast because I'm already like four minutes past the break.
Okay.
What are you trying to do?
Make me puke?
Cripes.
What is that smell?
Okay.
Later.
See ya.
Smell this.
140 on EID Network.
Miss the Weekend magazine featuring the latest news, information, trends, and what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here.
Tell me why you're T.
Hey, I'm busy here, man.
What kind of a break was that?
Suts is in here getting a muffin and I'm busy looking around for that Earl Strikes, which I guarantee you something.
Because this happens all the time.
And look, we got the short court.
I can't even stand up and do it here.
No 90s in the closet.
I just checked.
There are no 90s in the closet.
Anybody we know in there?
No, don't say it.
Please don't say it.
He's so damn sensitive.
Anyway, it's 144.
We can't find Earl Strikes.
And I'm just going to say right now that do ever the guy was that called with his big story that he made up about.
They've always got the story.
That grandma and grandpa who are like just under verge are going to die in about a half an hour.
And before they croak, it would just make their whole life if we could play or whatever the hell it is.
And then you look for it and it's gone and it turns out that these are the people that stole a card.
So bring back our cards, pal, and cut the crap.
God, it's enough to make you a puke.
I don't have a bone spot.
We have an open line and Broward 5241.
That's our, that she's like our regular once a week.
We get her from Davy.
Okay.
I guess the horse turned her down this week, huh?
So anyway, I still can't find.
Let me give you that real slowly that AT&T came up with a house hotline number real slowly.
One.
Well, if you leave some dead air that delay builds back up again real quick.
Okay.
1-800-852-0006.
There it goes.
Look at that.
And we have 92,969.
The mail hasn't even come by here yet today.
So we're doing pretty damn well.
Miami, hello.
Hey, happy new year now.
And the same to you, sir, and the same to that bitch that just called.
Oh, I think that's the loose guy's wife.
It could be.
Yeah, you know, the guy on the alley had a point about him, you know, with, I think the guy has fleas, you know.
That might be it.
I saw him eating himself.
I know something crawled up in there.
Anyway, I saw the hockey highlights this morning.
Yes, and wild night, huh?
The fires were going crazy.
scored 10 goals.
And the kid in the Chicago game, they got busted into mouth at 100 stitches.
I didn't see that.
Oh, awesome.
People here are going to love hockey, you know.
Yes, they are.
You know, all the people at the mall the other day were going to let that guy to jump.
But they like violence.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Of course, I like it for the wrong reason, but we don't care as long as they buy the ticket and show up.
Oh, yeah.
What the hell can we do about it?
Yeah, so listen, I had a question.
Yes.
I was watching in living color the other night.
How are you pressing?
Yeah, seriously.
But the guy said, mo foe.
Similar to what the other guy you dumped.
Is that, I mean, you know, that, can you say mo foe?
Yes, and we give you mo foe your money.
What's wrong with that?
Oh, okay.
And all depends on how you take it if I can say that.
Yeah.
I'm going to say that either.
Well, it was funny.
This business about, can you say this?
See, that's what bothers me about people in this country is that they accept the worst kinds of absolutely unacceptable repression
if our ancestors, if the founding fathers would have been as wimpy as we are, we'd all be in camp somewhere right now.
I just, I can't believe that people are willing to accept all these infringements that are just arbitrarily made up by a bunch of fascist assholes.
Oh, can we say this?
Oh, can we say this?
And then we sit back and tremble waiting for them to have like a meeting up there to decide whether it's okay or not.
Yeah, we're definitely living in fear.
But we only got, let's see, one and the twilight, three weeks to go.
Oh, God, I can't wait.
Yeah.
Hey, are you going out anywhere tomorrow night?
I'm going to pop it up park tomorrow night.
How about afterwards for the ball drop?
For the ball drop?
You know, the apple.
I wonder if Alex is going to have the ball drop on the years.
That's something we're all waiting for.
No, we're going to be, they're having a bash there at tomorrow night.
So right at the track, I guess we'll watch the ball drop.
Oh, okay.
Well, I guess we'll see.
I'll be out on South Beach.
But we love you.
Okay.
See ya.
Have a great life.
We have an open line in Broward, 524 and 2 in date.
So I guess we all got to watch the ball drop tomorrow night, huh?
So there is hope after all.
Alex?
Mona Lisa?
Mona Lisa?
Mona Lisa?
Mona Lisa?
Oh, God.
If you could only see that child.
You just would be rolling on the floor holding your things right now.
148 on the IOD network.
Here's Chuck Meyer, Joey Reynolds, Tom Hopkins,
Giamonditch and Randy Rhodes each week at right here.
I just noticed something that in one of your interviews with John Candy,
I believe it looked like an older interview.
You had less hair than you have today.
How do you explain that?
I don't wear a wig, sir.
Paint your ball spot.
What ball spot?
You paint your ball spot?
I don't know when you're talking about, sir.
My hair grows.
You paint your ball spot.
I don't have a ball spot.
How come you had less hair on the tape?
Maybe my hair grew.
Maybe I had a bad haircut that day.
You paint the way something.
What do you care?
Paint your ball spot?
I don't.
Do you paint your ball spot?
Paint your ball spot?
Yes, I do.
152.
So we're having this big meeting on Monday,
and we're having it from 2 to 2.45.
Now, I assume the reason we were having it at that hour
was because that's like a transition hour.
What?
No, no, but I'm just saying that I thought
they'd be sticking something on between 2 and 3
and that you guys would be in the meeting.
And you're not?
No, I'm not.
Well, how can they have a staff meeting with a whole staff?
And you're not, oh.
Well, that's how they tell you.
Oh.
Well, you got to admit that is original.
It's like saying, the whole staff is invited.
Everybody must be there.
And Ricken says, by the way, don't bother showing up.
Well, that's OK.
There's always a mumbling radio.
I mean, stands on.
Oh, in fact, no, what do you guys look a little depressed?
You got some heavy competition starting Monday.
Who's that, Bernie?
Huh?
The Milky Way guy.
Milky.
Oh, what the hell is that?
Oh, that must be stand on there right now.
Yeah, I don't know if they can handle that radio mumbling thing
on Monday.
That's going to be heavy duty.
Here's, uh, highly is gone.
Poppano.
Poppano.
Poppano.
Park, 7th, 30 tonight.
Here's, Boyton Beach.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Another hum-ridden phone.
I'm sorry, I'm at a 7-11.
Wow.
Ironically, the same one my girlfriend drove my car through.
Uh-huh.
I'm like, I started out with a little happy-hine, I can tell you.
Yes.
And also, I have a question.
A little fat.
Maybe you can settle for me.
OK, we can do it.
Me and my friend were discussing the heat last year.
And he said, I have no idea.
He said they were 7-0.
They went what?
7-0.
What do you mean?
7-1 wins no losses.
What do you mean they went 7-0 win?
They're beginning to see you.
That's correct.
They did go 7-0?
That's what Alex said.
That's what Mona Lisa just said.
Uh-uh, lost some big money.
You're in trouble now.
Oh, and also like to tell you a little, uh, dog's flea story.
OK.
My mom got this powder for my dog.
She had really bad fleas.
Yeah.
She got this powder and she put it all over the house.
Yeah.
And then after like a week, she vacuumed it all up.
And if the fleas jump into the carpet,
they get dehydrated and they just die right there.
So we have an athlete for like a year and a half now.
And wait a minute.
We've done it once about a year ago and that's it.
Right.
That's it.
All right.
I just lift everyone to the right.
We're going to go out to the vacuum amount.
Well listen, have a great life and get a new phone.
We're talking about an adieu start.
Sure.
Uh, Joe, you're feeding your football, kicking, mind me, hurricane.
Love it.
Okay.
God, oh, it feels so good now to get that home off the ear.
Oh.
Oh, the sounds of silence are so comforting.
Let's go to a bokeh on the starline.
Hello, Neil.
Hello, there.
How you doing?
Uh, how's my phone sound?
You're phone in too bad compared to these others.
This is my brand new portable.
Well, congratulations.
You got yourself a not so bad phone.
Got it for Christmas.
Not great, but not bad.
Oh, okay.
Here.
Spy report for you.
Yes.
Um, your buddy over there at the light bulb.
Yeah.
Um, Mr. Sliderman.
Yeah.
You're using your shot word now.
Is he really?
Yes.
I was listening to last night and he kept correcting people and everything.
I was using this out.
Well, you know, something he's still not getting any publicity on his show.
They're just not enough people wasting their time with that.
And I can't imagine that you would indulge in that.
Well, I love your show.
Yeah.
And you have a happy new year and I hope you make a million dollars next year.
Okay.
All right.
And you too.
Okay.
Here's a guy in desperate search of a life if he's listening to that.
156.
Don't forget that AT&T Camilo's House Hotline number 1-800-852-0006.
We got today and tomorrow we got the mail coming in.
And we could be somewhere between 95 and 100,000 by the end of the year, which is tomorrow.
And then we got the entire month of the January to go.
So we are doing it.
Palm Beach Gardens.
Yeah.
Hey, I didn't know.
Okay.
I want to call.
Who do you think will win Alabama, Miami?
I mean, we know who's always going to win.
What does that mean?
Who do I think is going to win?
Why do people call up radio stations and ask, who do you think of me?
Who do you want to win?
Who do I want to win?
I want to see Alabama win 175 to nothing.
Yes.
And I think Miami will kick the living crap out of them is what I think.
Yeah, you're probably right.
That is correct.
But, uh, nothing.
What kind of spit does the guy say before the Ford commercial that, you know, the quick, quick talking?
What kind of spit?
Yeah.
Probably bullspit.
Let's do a lady in sunrise.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Hi.
Hi, I'm a first time caller.
Great.
I just wanted to, uh, I have a complaint about, like, all these tourists that are down here.
Yes.
The way that they drive, I mean, it's like it's not so bad that they're down here.
But for them to, like, all of a sudden be driving and then stop in the middle of the road.
They don't even pull over to, like, look at direction or ask directions.
And it's just, I mean, I don't know if they can, like, came down here to kill people or what?
They came down here to be obnoxious and disgusting and to fit right in with the ambiance of the area and they're doing a perfect job.
And they, and they, like, go out to places like restaurants and bars.
And they can't even sit there and relax.
They just, like, start screaming at, like, the servers and bartenders and hosts.
And it's just not fair.
Well, I think what you ought to do is every time you see a tourist, you ought to get this, just stand right up and start jumping up and down and scream.
Go back where you came from.
I almost did.
I wouldn't blame you.
I was in a restaurant yesterday and I started, you know, screaming at this guy, you know.
Maybe our memories are getting short, but it seems to me that this year we got the worst bunch of drivers I have ever seen in my life.
I mean, our own drivers are bad enough, especially since they're hurricane.
And I don't want to sound insensitive, but I mean, the hurricane has brought some of the most horrendous drivers into parts of Dayton Broward that ordinarily we wouldn't find them in their beat up gelopies.
And that's bad enough.
But we, I was behind the guy yesterday had a New York plate who was driving so slow and I couldn't get over.
I was on the way up 95 to the turnpike and he was in the left hand lane, of course, going way under the speed limit.
I couldn't get over.
And then he gets across.
He makes the turn there to the palm metal and the turnpike and he doesn't know whether he wants to go to the right or left.
So he straddles both lanes.
And as I think he's going to the right and I start getting around him on the left and passing him and he decides he wants to go back out of left again.
I mean, this man was all over the, like, like a obstacle course.
They're all over the place.
He reminds me of the management of Cox broadcasting.
They like to, no, they like a bunch of obstacles in your place.
That's what they like to do.
Throw a lot of roadblocks in front of your thing.
Exactly.
Well, listen, just smile and have a great new year because it's going to get a lot worse.
Thank you for having me here too.
Thanks a lot.
Sure.
Bye-bye.
Well, listen, that's just about going to do it, boys and girls.
See, Alex is in here for Marvin who's on a seven-year vacation now.
I don't understand it.
I just do not get it.
Hasn't he been on vacation, what, 16 weeks this year?
I don't understand the dealer.
He, he's, he doesn't just have stills.
He's got movies too.
He's got like videotape.
He's got motion picture.
He's got 35 millimeter.
He's probably got like the sisters in the gym, Kennedy, and everybody in the company doing something to somebody.
Maybe all to each other.
I don't know what he's got, but boy, it must be a heavy duty.
It must be intense.
Anyway, have yourselves a wonderful day.
We're going to be here tomorrow on New Year's Eve.
God, that's depressing and distressing.
But guess what?
Friday, we won't.
We're not.
And I want you to find out what the deal is on Rick and Suds not being invited to our big staff meeting on Monday,
which everybody who works at WIOD and WFLC and WIHQT and everything in the whole of the Gatsamish Bukhi are invited except them.
This is South Florida's news, traffic and weather station, Newstalk Radio's 610, WIOD by any Fort Lauderdale and the Palm Beaches.
Good luck, guys.
Yeah.
