Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
You know pretty good. What do you think about that upsell last night? What the football
cares about that game? I mean it's who cares about that game? You're not very
sports oriented. Are you? What do you mean by that? I mean obviously if you don't care about
a Monday. So in other words, if I'm into sports, I got to watch every damn football game
no matter how crappy the teams are like to see Seattle Seahawks. That's a good point.
So I'm not interested in the Seahawks or Denver but no. See, let me tell you something.
It's funny. Listen to me. Now that's a bunch of crap. Okay, let me tell you something.
Years ago up until about maybe six, seven years ago, I was a fanatic in just about every
sport and I would watch every Sunday football game that was on everyone.
One o'clock game, the four o'clock game, the Monday night game and now because expansion
has diluted professional sports to a point, I just can't do it unless a team is playing
that I'm interested in. I can't watch it. I just can't do it. I can't get no interest
in it because you got a lot of minor league teams. You got so many marginal crappy teams.
It's not professional sports. It's a bunch of overpaid punks. It's almost political.
Seattle's a joke. So they pulled off an obstacle. Well, big deal. So the cool speed buffalo
and they beat us. What does that mean? They're still crappy teams. Okay. When you say us,
who's us? Is that your referring to the money, 1000? Yeah. Okay. We have to speak to
yourself because we're not all thousand fans here in Miami. Yeah. You know what I'm saying?
So what is that prove? So in other words, I have to clarify when I live in Miami for 17 years,
I have to clarify who I'm talking about. Absolutely. When we only have one professional
football team, I have to clarify. Blow it out your ass, pal. How fast is your pizza
delivered? Did you have problems on your last day? All right. I'll talk to the waiter.
Well, all they got in the menu is fish. Okay. We'll go somewhere else. Oh, and ride
in a dumb car of yours. I'll call a cab. Such a weeny wheel. If your love life is at
a dead end, it's time to call the Jeff Dahmer dating service. When you date a Dahmer
girl, you'll know she meets Jeff's high standards. No annoying attitude. No bad manners.
No pulse. Yes, go to the movies and restaurants you like. Talk about yourself without interruption.
And at the end of the evening, never be rejected again. They're unique. They're available.
And they're dead. Call the Jeff Dahmer dating service. We'll dig up a date for you.
What's Richard Bay got on today on W.O.R. He's got like a hate monger show. He's got
on the a clansman with a hood. He's got on a guy who's screaming about the influx of
Russian immigrants into New York and some asshole woman on the phone carrying on about
the Russians are obnoxious and rude and they walk into you on the street and bap bap bap
bap bap bap bap I think that attacking any group of people like that is disgusting.
On W.O.R. maybe on Channel 7.
Show's on both face to nation and meet the press this person that they were both doing
the same topic. What a coincidence. It's like one time in Newsweek come out with the
same thing on a front cover and it's not like something you'd expect it to be. When
they both have a picture of like Rex Reed on a front or something like that. How to
know where. And this was a thing about the religious right and how they're trying to take
over the Republican Party and the war between the the religious right and the moderate Republicans
and yada yada yada and all this other crap and we've got these so called Christian.
What are they called themselves? They Christian coalition and Pat Robertson and all these
other faking see the thing that bothers me about the rest of you folks and after the election
you think people might feel a little more emancipated and have like a little looser tongue
and feel free to speak their mind. But like to think what shine had O'Connor and the
Pope and all this other crap that's going on in the world in the name of organized and
disorganized religion. It's just oh no she shouldn't have said that well why the hell not.
Why the hell can't somebody open up their mouth and say what's really going on. Everybody
wishes somebody would open their mouth back in the 30s and 40s while millions of innocent people
were being exterminated and gas to death but oh no everybody is now we didn't know nothing.
We know nothing over here right nobody knows from nothing just keep your mouth shut and go with
the program in lunchtime big hand just hit the little hand so I'm just going to sit here and talk
about Camilla's house for the next two hours. Well maybe not for two hours but lady did have a
point the Camilla's house is a shelter in Miami for the homeless they've been here for years and
years and it gets screwed around again now the city is trying to flaunt the will of the judge who
said they ordered them that the homeless have a right in public places to at least exist like to
be there and like wash up and sleep and just to breathe the air and the city says well screw
them we don't care what the judge says we're going to appeal it and and their usual heartless obnoxious
cruel manner since this isn't something ethnic that they can exploit for votes and since the
homeless have no constituency so they say screw on and as I said the other day Camilla's house
doesn't just bring in people and put them on a cot they try they feed and clothe but they try to
rehabilitate people they take care of their medical needs they try to put them back on her feed and
and get them started in life again which is what it's all about because most rational people in
spite of the loud ass limbaugh's and the other propaganda this and they hate filassals of this world
most people don't want to be sleeping on the streets with their children or by themselves or with
anybody else okay and that's why I've tried for years to help Camilla's house they have a
multi-million dollar budget and we raise in the used to be in the tens of thousands last year was
147 thousand and hopefully this year we can come close to 150 or 200 thousand it should be a lot
more it should be much more than that if every person who listens to this station during the week
at this time of the year gave a dollar that would be over 300 thousand right there that's to
queue with this radio station during dolphin season I mean we're out there at the Euler game
a week ago Sunday with the tailgate party and we had a seem like a great response we raised $4,700
there's six sixty eight thousand people there how is that possible okay and like I said year after
year I've been doing this for years now four or five percent and very often it's the same four or
five percent year after year they're the ones who cough up some bucks and who care and the other
ninety five percent you couldn't get a dime out of them if their lives depended on it and like I
also said before there is a segment of that audience I understand people who don't have the
bucks can't afford to dime what one what I'm not going one what what it's a Camilla's house guy
hello yeah yes sir yes sir a new yeah this is like somebody that can mille house is
helped you to some about what Camilla's house does yes I was on the street and on drugs and
Camilla's house helped me and you know the people that are afraid of the homeless that put them
in and able to the Camilla's house does help them and rehabilitate them and if they would put
money into Camilla's house they could help more people get off the street and it would be less
crime but I was in big crime when I was in droves but thanks to Camilla's house I'm not
into crime anymore and I'm working there's been Camilla's house has helped a lot of people great
thank you I appreciate it I want to call and tell you that good luck thanks okay
oh there's an unsolicited testimony a lot of the blue out of nowhere and it's real easy to say well
these people are all wine always they're all mentally ill and they want to live in a street don't
feed me that crap that's just an excuse used by people who don't care who would never give a dime
by people who just like to look the other way who want to you know just sweep the problem out of
the carpet siphon them off somewhere else and stick them under a bridge somewhere and just pretend
it's not there and all this debate going on about well should we help the people in Somalia
should we do this I don't think that as long as people have a breath or an ounce of energy that
we should allow people anywhere in the world to be starving to death but especially people in
our own country that's what really frost my ass how to help him we just go to sleep and I
would any kind of conscience if you don't like make some kind of an effort plantation on the
starline yeah were you trying to say you didn't like the fc what before 25 minutes ago when I first
called you were saying things about the fcc sounded like you didn't like them no they're my
favorites yeah hey just remember one thing 25 years ago George Carlin first did his seven
there dirty words the routine and nothing has changed what what does that mean what do you think it
means nothing has changed no something has changed they made it a lot more restrictive than that it
used to be the seven dirty words now they've come up with this vague ambiguous crap of sexual
activity and the excretory activity and they just make it up as they go along so that they
nothing is getting better no it's getting worse after 12 years of Reagan and Bush it's got a lot
worse and then the thing we can look forward to is that on the 20th of January Alan Sykes and a
lot of these other repressive right wing assholes who are nothing more than lackeys of Jesse
Helms and the religious right they're going to be unemployed well you're being overly optimistic I
think because we have democratic administrations in between in the last 25 years and it's made no
different of course Carter I guess was more religious but still nothing changes Carter was
important sir he was the most important president we've had in many many years don't try to
compare Jimmy Carter with Bill whatever his name is of course he was important he was a president
well I forgot George okay Clinton is like could be a Clinton avenue in Rochester what is it
what I said have a great day okay here's oh man it's one thing to be a little
costing but don't you so damn depressing god just cheer up a little was that Joseph Gackie
that was Joe trying to get one last shot on the ear here I'm sure of it
hello everybody hello hi okay noisy
really yeah
you know what's going on the palmetta nobody has anything that it is fast way to
hack the noise of the Oak and Shelby road fast down all the way down to 8.30
well I think you're expecting a little bit too much no you want them to cover more than one
road at a time oh this is how you think of God who I'm talking about oh my good I think you've
lost I think you lost your grip on reality I did thank you for correcting you out of
touch with the real world the as seen through the eyes of Joe Brennan and Mike what's my name
Paxton yeah uh-huh and no plain do you think we'll ever get a washing again or do they have a
lesson I think well it's been a tough you know tough economic times they just kind of
afford to gas him up but someday when they get him up in the air again they won't have to keep
saying well we just had a tip on the IOD a bat line see if we didn't have our list he's calling
and they wouldn't have any idea what was going on oh no kidding I thought maybe they were stealth
and they couldn't find them because they were invisible yeah that is still they're flying underground
that's what it is get a new phone all right see ya oh what a phone to start today how we haven't
even said hello yet and she's on their how can I try to well it was a great call she's
certainly got a point let them hell it then they're kill them there's a mobile in Palm Beach
one of our two exciting calls on the board morning Neil can't hear you here you go great phone
you listen I guess hard shot won't be going to the mouth and actual like you uh yeah probably not
hey uh did you hear what he wrote that to say no you're not gonna believe it yeah because I
channel seven this morning as I was going out he said he said I'll be willing to bet that she didn't say
those things yeah don't bet on it Pete have a great day pad your terminal anyway there's a guy
he's trying to do a show you hear this guy he's trying to do stick I don't want to get into a racial
thing but I will anyway because I'm very disturbed there's like a double standard that goes on and
I find it very very disheartening although I see sunny coming in with our lunch now so I feel a
little bit better the story about that grotesque thing in Kissimmee where the pickup truck pulled
those people off the road the three white guys who were and and it's remember he had to call
what day did that happen Monday or Tuesday well whatever day it happened we had to call from
Tampa from on that area and evidently the newspapers and the news people over there have
come with the story accurately and they understand the real just of the story and in watching the
news and reading the papers I looked at the whole I scoured the front section the heraldus morning
there isn't the word about it on the front page of the sun sentler's a little blurb and then inside
like way inside the A section there is an article thank you sunny uh three held in car jacking
double slaying and it's rewritten from the Orlando Sentinel and it's a little teeny article here
and I this isn't that a major story that poor people get dragged out of a car and the three guys
are forced to lay down on the ground and two of them are shot and killed and one guy pretends
plays dead and is lucky to get away with his life that's not a major story seems to me that it is
and uh talks about three Polk County men associated with a game called the jack boys have been
charged and a car jacking that ended in two executions style slaying and an Oceola County pasture
and then toward the end of the story tanny George your friend clifton one of the guys who was killed
was forced to watch the executions and then released on harm the three shooting victims were white
George who is black was released by the killers who are also black and the collar we had the other
day said the deal was this was like retribution because she was dating one of these guys who
was a white guy and the three black guys came along and decided to uh pay a little visit now if
it would have been the other way around okay see that's what really bothers me about everything
that goes on in this society we've gone so far to one extreme now that i just i didn't make any
sense to me if the story would have been exactly the other way around and the three victims would have
been black and the guys who did the shooting were white and if she would have been a white girl
dating a black guy what would that have been called and wouldn't that be like a major story now
and wouldn't be like on the on the verge of having an nervous breakdown about it but for some reason
the media in this state and at least in this area seems to be helped that on suppressing this
story i mean there's an aspect of this story that for some reason hasn't met the i yet unless i'm
missing something and i just guarantee you the my bottom dime to donuts that if uh the situation
were reversed this would be like a big front page story and there would be people having an
nervous breakdown about it so it's in a local section in a herald three arrested in car jacky
slayings what do they say okay i just want to go through a real fast it charges our connection with
the car jacky and pull county on saturday we know the story they were forced to address and
lifeline on the ground while the robber search the truck we have confessions from all three of them
basically they're saying that one of the victims identified one of the suspects and called it by
name and therefore thought he would knew he knew who they were and would tell on them
uh it doesn't say anything in this article anything about the uh race of any of the people
unless i'm missing something i'm looking at it and there were some very obnoxious uh racial
undertones to this story but i guess because this was an anti-white thing i guess it's not news i
don't i don't get it and i'm not trying to look i'm the last thing we need is to to stir up a
but hey who the hell am i to talk let's go to the no-name lady how you done good morning how are you
i'm okay i got i got a radio now so i'm a standing citizen in my office who loves you Neil let me
his radio well isn't that nice yes Michael if you're out there and you're probably on list so we
don't have to tie up one of our lines although i'll be honest with it this time of the year tying
up one of our lines would make no difference believe me probably wouldn't idiot that other guy
i tell you it's true what you say you know if those guys were were black the ones that were killed
you would have hear all this bunch of stuff yeah would have been looked upon as another uh
southern lynching exactly but they don't want to talk about it see they only talk about it when it's
what what kind of what kind of crap is that oh that's the way it's not acceptable to me of course not
i was listening to the tv lesson and i was hearing about howard yeah the way they is it true that the
fcc find his company three hundred thousand dollars three hundred and uh six forty six or something
like that some grotesque amount yeah what uh sure did you see that guy that uh is the one that's
really the one that writes the fcc no i haven't seen i haven't seen this geek there's always one
geek out there that comes out of nowhere you know what he does he sits there and he transcribes
everything that they say on the show boy that sure sounds familiar i mean this man needs to get
alive mm-hmm he's got nothing else to do and you should see him he looks like a hippie see let
me tell you something when the fcc accepts complaints from individuals who already obviously have
an axe to grind with a station or a personality or whatever it is uh there there how can there be any
credence there how can there be any credibility to it and this the commission has just been waiting
these right wing fascists up there in Washington just been waiting to seize upon the opportunity for
somebody to come along like this so they can uh try to stifle howard's stirring that howard's great
because howard doesn't let himself down he will not be conquered he is great i love howard
he reminds me of you yeah oh yeah he does howard works for people who uh don't take any crap
well that's but i'm not gonna talk about your work but i'm talking about you yeah
did you say like it is well quit sucking around have a great day bye oh god
oh
for most of them because the what's going back on here and it sales department and Bob Green
sits up there up in that front room there oh hey everybody yeah he's the nice guy okay nothing
is happening here man not a god damn thing is happening here and what are they all concerned about
there moving stuff around downstairs for out 105 they're gonna screw up another station out
they're gonna take out 105 and turn that into a parking lot god this sales department back there
they give what they give me what they give to us here is like it's like slipping a hemorrhoid
in the middle of your martini that's what they're doing to us god are they pathetic what an excuse
an excuse for servicing their clients for having any kind of a conscience any kind of follow through
any kind of involvement nothing zero zippity doodah not uh not our as in not a clue
you think now that we have three radio stations that we have a chance to screw up that anybody is
gonna just say hey uh i'm in charge somebody raise your hand okay somebody in this building
raise your hand and say i'm in charge i have some of them i'm gonna start like addressing some of these
things and you keep waiting and waiting and waiting and uh it never happens it just it never happens
when you got it all right and i hope you enjoyed i so what are you gonna do about getting another seat
you're not going alone are you i'm going alone you are hey i you're going to a football game alone
i don't mind oh i can't i can't imagine going to i'm sorry i can't just
uh huh you're right hold on enjoy it okay here's a guy's gonna be sitting alone in the 444 it
wrote two seat 24 so go over there and say hi you know do something nice to him because his wife's
an old puritanical bitch here's a lady in their saw hi male how are you doing hello mom
i'm trying to call you another time live but i keep getting uh huh why is that i just wanted to ask you
well wait a minute what do you mean you can get hung up by what by George i kept calling like
I kept it hang up on but you can't call long distance i've got to be in Florida to call on it
line oh well what do you mean get hung up on well the phone keeps you know you know what i mean no i don't
well i just wanted to say you have a great show and i've been listening to you for couple of months now
great so what do you think about your home alone too oh it's my favorite
with your favorite what it's fine too god in fact i think that little kid ought to be like uh
hung up from a tree somewhere would you just like to beat the crap out of him with a 2x4
what is you i would i'll volunteer i have a great new year mom okay you're too wrong bye bye
home alone too oh god what's it all about it's all about hype the whole world is a hype job
isn't it that's what the whole goddamn world is about is a big hype job like large ass there's
another example there's nothing there it's the same you could hear it once well
tora tora tora the same old right wing anti human with the feminazis and all is oh god
i mean even if you agreed with it it's boring it's ponderous and uh Madonna hype job Michael Jackson hype
hype home alone McCauley Culkin what kind of a name is that by the way besides obnoxious see i don't
i don't like there's one word in the english language that i don't agree with percosius
i don't know i don't go for this crap about percosius little kids little kids like that are obnoxious
and bratty and disgusting and out of control and out of order and ought to be slapped around a little
bit or a lot is the case maybe in his case i mean like like beaten until a blood is just gushing out
every poor in his body percosius yeah it's like you go into a store and the parents this is going
to be going on for many years now for the last this is the doctor's spark and i don't mean from
star trek mentality you go in the store and the kid is like doing his thing and the parents are
oblivious like they like they're not even concerned like though don't bother us he's just doing his
thing and he's like eating candy off the thing and he's knocking stuff down and ripping people's
card out from under their hand and looking up people's dress and i got a little upset when he
looked up my dress here today and win dixie god brat it was the bag boy by the way
knowledge party uh here's sunrise hello hey hi hi and ill happy new year sir
happy new year and year bottoms up i have a song for you yes i want to ask your question
can i say hump it on the air can you say humpin yeah no you can say something
you can't say humpin i can't say humpin what does that sound i keep hearing on the phone
you know what that is it's from the news booth there somebody's left that thing open shut that
no it's not on yours it's our news people again keep leaving at damp bottle and we keep hearing
that crap from the traffic assholes god almighty that's bad real bad that is bad
so anyway hump what humpin humpin humpin my misprings yes i was listening to Jimmy
stuff low and he said it was true that anyway the dolphins are the most he decides to paint yeah
well if anybody would know we have uh oh no that Jimmy man what a sense of humor huh
you talk about a you know the one word that comes to mind what i think about the first
team as they call it on wqa m the one word that comes to mind is lackluster lackluster i mean
Jimmy's cephalo again don't nice guy good guy like Jimmy and you know i'm not too bad the football
player he could catch it every now and then in the ball too but lackluster i mean so
comatose and so low key and so in the morning i mean you don't want to go back to sleep again
dolphins and you'll leave the least penis i a penal penalized team holding christ they guy only had
one eye oh speaking of Mitch Lewis by the way we'll also always remember i have no pre-puse
there you go we got a whole bunch of crap to remember Mitch buy wait a minute let me just to do
something here
for christ sake i only had one eye okay well that's all you need to hear on that one at one more time
you're right
oh
there there there there there
there for christ sake i only had one eye okay sandy we get the picture we can see it
so you know what i'm watching now family what channel am i on here just a second oh it's on
wlr every day at one o'clock it's that because i mean my watch Santa Barbara anymore it's going
off the year any day it's going to be very depressing and uh all the good people are dead except
rafan they're got him all like bandages up and covered up anyway so i waste your time so i'm
watching family and there's James broadrick driving the car which is quite a trick because he's dead
and there's say that who's got that oh she's got always that look always that like kind of
constipated oh i haven't had a good bm in years and i'm really worried about it look
