What is obsession with hockey?
Swordswork?
Swordswork?
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
What a day!
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am an imbuso.
I am sure there are a few rollers hidden down there.
Probably.
Maybe we are the Haitians.
Maybe we are the Haitians.
Maybe we are the Haitians.
Maybe we are the Haitians.
Maybe we are the Haitians.
Maybe we are the Haitians.
Maybe we are the Haitians.
That's right.
If we all glad and spend a lot,
We'll have this thing beat in no time.
So this holiday season,
Bye, lots of cool stuff.
Like fake vomit and plastic dog poop.
Are my personal favorite?
I don't love these toys.
If you want to help the economy,
Go get mommy's purse or daddy's wallet.
Grab a big stack of dollar bills.
And then shoot the entire ward.
Come on kids.
OK, 11.16 and WIOD on a diabetic coma induced Friday.
This is exactly what I've been talking about all week.
Out of control.
Out of control.
Sales department.
Just when you think they hit rock bottom,
They find another level.
Pretty soon they're going to dig out from underneath
Wherever they are and find China on the other end.
Like a little baby chick crawling out of an egg.
They're like dig through the ground and look up.
How so, man?
Unbelievable.
It's not even 11.20 yet.
We've had three food deliveries already.
Thanks to Andalusia Bake Shop.
We know your stuff is great.
But if you people back in sales could coordinate
Because we can only have so many strokes
And so many bells, palsy attacks and so many comas
To keep you people in business back there.
OK, it was all great.
But there wasn't anybody in sales who told us about
Any of this crap that was coming in today.
OK, I mean about any of this great stuff that was coming in today.
Like I said.
Have some ham, Roger.
Well, no, seriously, it's too good to waste.
And like I said before, on the days when like Georgian
I want lunch.
Period, that's it.
And they come in here with a couple of boxes of stuff.
Before the box even hits the counter in here.
There are like 15 people like starving immigrants lined up at the table.
On a day like today when we got more food than Carter's got pills.
And we got all kind of this beautiful big ham here.
And we got all kinds of croissants and good stuff to make sandwiches
And honey mustard.
We got a big for people who come in here and eat.
So thank God for a couple of real hazards like Steve Ziggler
and Roger to be in here and picking up the slack.
Lady in North Miami.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Well, I'm telling you once again my favorite glitonality.
I know I'm not sucking around.
And I do agree about Tony Segredo.
You want sucking?
You ever heard and seen the Dan Marino show?
Oh, yeah.
It makes me sick.
Kissy, kissy, kissy.
Kissy, kissy, kissy.
The guy is really horrible.
I got a question for you.
OK.
Tell me I'm wrong.
Do you know that Dan has to wear a body condom before he goes on that show?
Probably.
Yeah.
Don't tell me he's that they're going to put that in sip of runnyory on until 10 o'clock
and kill me again.
Who said they're doing that?
Well, I heard something about you are not going to have the coming number nine to ten.
Is this true?
Wait a minute.
Why?
I have a suit that's good.
No, no, no, no, no.
Will you listen to me?
That's an old tape.
But I was talking about when they had me coming in at 9.30 and doing that half hour live.
Right there.
The nine to ten thing is solid until we put Howard Stern on it.
I mean, it's solid.
Well, thank God.
Yeah.
Because I want to tell you something.
If this company had any brains at all, they would have Hot 105, which were taken over in a few days.
They'd have Howard Stern on the morning on Hot 105 faster than you can say douchebag.
OK.
And make millions of dollars in corner the whole market AMFN PM.
I mean, whatever you want, we'd have it and they're just too stupid to do that.
Probably.
And so they're going to let magic buy out Waxi.
That's the rumor.
And they're going to put Howard on the morning in Lordass Limbaugh and the who knows what they're going to do.
Oh my God.
That's the rumor.
Well, as long as I'm going to be able to keep pairing you.
See, and you know something, if this company put Howard on Hot 105 with Howard in the morning,
this is the only company in town that could do it without being abused by certain individual moralists in town who like to start right into the FCC.
Uh-huh.
So you see if they would fit what you can't see?
So it'll wind up with magic having Howard on and then there would be certain individuals writing psychotic letters.
Oh, he said dickhead on the air and he said, let's be a dilatate and govern yourselves accordingly and I'll like crap.
God damn it.
This is supposed to be a free country.
Right.
Exactly.
But this is a bunch of garbage.
It's a bunch of shots.
I agree with you 100 percent.
Right.
And you keep up the good work.
And you have a good weekend, damn it.
And you do sweet art.
OK.
Yeah, when I love the hockey.
See ya.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye now.
We have an open line indeed.
Today, the 751.
Why don't they ever consult with me about doing something that makes sense because it usually costs money?
Oh, that kneel.
He wants us to spend money.
Oh.
Like in Tampa, God forbid.
What was ever the upshot shot of, well, I don't know what that word means anymore.
Is that a real word now?
Upshot?
I almost wanted to say it the other way around to like balance it out.
But what was the final deal with the Randy and SUN?
Are they coughing up a couple of bucks for her or what?
Because the day that Randy goes off SUN is the day that I take a long walk.
I'll tell you that like from here right downstairs to Gary Mills office to get my check.
Oh, my filler can't stand down there at Romans.
I can't take some f***ing ass in 93.
Don't forget it.
Oh, Canada.
You think that you're in love.
Oh.
You stole our all star game.
Cause your own sports really suck.
You've got dog sled runs.
You should lose with guns.
What a way to entertain.
And you fish for ice.
You think hockey's nice.
Cause it's playing without a brain.
Who can a da?
Oh, nausea.
Give me my old star game.
I want it back now.
Cause baseball in Canada makes me a blue child.
Oh.
1126 at WIOD, your friendly station for the 90s.
We have an open line in date.
751-9463.
I said to a sunny this morning.
I said something about what station's going to carry the hockey games.
Because QAM has already tied up with the heat.
And there'll be obviously a lot of conflict since they both are fall and winter sports.
And he said, maybe by that time WIOD will have the heat.
Now I have news for you.
Okay.
Not being an NBA fan.
If I had my brothers, if I had to choose between having an NBA basketball or hockey on the
year at night on this station, it's not even a contest.
Okay.
Forget it.
Let them have the heat over there.
The heat doesn't even show a thing on a Richter scale on QAM.
It doesn't even make like a little blip on the heart monitor.
South Miami.
South Miami.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, Neil.
Wait until you.
I'm really happy about hockey and baseball and this town might start to get something to get there.
We're starting to like a little hemorrhoid man which eventually grows into a gigantic
grape.
We're starting to like just a little thing start to grow.
A little right in the tunnel somewhere.
Right.
But also, the reason I call this because for a year I've been working with this douchebag
and he always comes in and makes me turn off the radio and put on this noisy squeaky jazz
stuff.
Oh great.
Well, what is he, some kind of a pseudo intellectual snob?
Oh, he's very much but guess what?
For the last week I got him over a year now.
He's been listening to you and cracking up and enjoying it.
Really?
And he says he's going to hold it against me if I turn him into a kneeling.
He's going to hold it against me?
He's going to hold it against you.
He's going to hold it against you.
I'd run like hell.
Yeah.
Well, that's true too.
But mainly that's what I wanted to say.
And I'm really proud of him.
Happy and have a good one.
Okay, and you too.
Bye bye.
See ya.
See, it's never too late for anybody if they give the show a chance.
Everybody be listening.
Okay.
And let me say a one more time since Cheryl is standing in the room.
If this company had any brains, we'd have Howard doing mornings on hot 105 since this is the
only station in the market he could be on without being abused by certain dictatorial individuals.
Doesn't that make a lot of sense to you?
We'd have it made in the shade.
We got like a built-in thing there, man.
But oh no, we don't want to put that out because it costs money.
And we want hot 105 to be another cash cow for the sisters.
We don't want to have any staff and all you people at hot 105 by the way,
good luck to you and your future lives and careers, whatever they are because it sure won't be at this place.
They're blowing y'all out, y'all.
Here's Jupiter on the star line.
They meal.
Yeah.
Hockey, good, winery, bad.
That guy in the morning is so pathetic.
All he talks about is getting his car washed and then it raining on it.
It's from Tuesday to Thursday.
He talks about his car getting washed and how it's going to rain.
And he says it's over and over again.
Who cares about his car wash?
Yeah, but have any of you ever heard him talk about when the birds fly over?
Oh, yeah.
In fact, I got a quote what Mike said this morning.
He had his car washed by Spencer on Wednesday and a flock of seagulls flew over and he said,
I'm getting a little tired of that crap I can tell you right now.
Well, I tell you, I think he goes over his car all the time.
Well, hey, listen, have a great life, okay?
We know why that's probably Jimmy Cephalo's boyfriend calling.
We have an open line in day 751 and one on the star line at star IOD and we're doing it today.
I'll tell you that.
Here's Tallahassee, for example.
Hey, Palli.
How you doing, Sally?
Palli?
Tallah.
That guy was whining.
Yeah.
I'm telling you, was Cephalo's boyfriend just now?
Yeah, listen.
I have a shameless request but I have good reason for it.
Yeah.
Tomorrow I graduate.
Really?
Yes.
Nine-and.
About 35?
How I have to Leon County Civic Center.
Graduate from what?
FSU?
Yes.
No.
Yeah, history.
Knock me down and kick me in the teeth, man.
Four and a half years, that's not bad.
Yeah.
And I'm doing it.
Yeah, with Mrs. Robinson probably.
Well, her and two other selected ladies.
But anyway, here's my request.
I want to hear Young Neil.
You haven't played it in years.
So in other words, you do want to graduate, is that what you're saying?
I want to graduate?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Then why did you do that?
Of all the cards, we must have, I would say,
three thousand cards in the studio.
Yeah.
Of all the ones you could have asked for,
that's the one I absolutely will not play.
Why?
Because I don't, because it's boring.
It's tedious, man.
It's ponderous.
It's like Casey.
No, it's not like Casey.
It goes on and on.
But I want to tape it.
Is it on any of the Knollas house stuff?
It's on the brand new Best of, as a matter of fact.
It's on this year's.
That should be an incentive since you're graduating
to a cut loose with 22 bucks.
All right, I'll use some of my thousands of dollars I'm going to get.
Now, how about a second choice?
I got to go with Bridge Thunder.
How about Young Neil?
Young Neil.
I want Young Neil.
Do you want to tape it?
You want Young Neil?
Yeah.
Well, it's the first time for everything.
Well, no, I don't do it.
Well, have a great day, man.
Don't be so defensive just because you're in Tallahassee.
You have a little sense.
You'd lighten up a little bit.
Yeah, just because you're up there with a bunch of Yahoo's.
Yeah.
I'm moving back to, you know, where?
Where?
I was waiting for your car there with Randy.
This guy, he wants to request every car that we don't want to play.
He wants to program the damn show.
I don't know where the hell it is.
I need a job.
I'll take my Gary's job.
Where the hell is the car?
What?
It's not up there.
It's not there, George.
Where the hell is the car?
Oh, Jesus.
You must be the guy that comes in here every morning and pulls one car out and then you call
me up and say, oh, I want to hear it.
Whatever one you pulled out of here.
It's like a conspiracy to drive me nuts.
Fire him.
Where the hell is it?
It's not here.
Well, I'm moving back to it.
God, I could swear that the car was here yesterday.
Where?
There you go.
See you.
Good luck.
Wait, Neil.
Say goodbye, yes.
Wait my parents are driving up here right now.
I want to call them a bunch of...
Oh.
You should be.
God, I hope they give you some help.
Have a great time.
Take it, please.
See ya.
God.
On and on and on and on and on.
He should be at the on and on and on.
Is what he should be in.
I think he's probably the goddamn founder and then he's bugging me for carts like...
Run!
Now back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGBA.
Here again, America's youngest dog show host, 6-year-old Neil Rogers.
Okay, I guess we're done with Neil.
And there's four minutes left in the hour.
Let's take some calls.
All in.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
How's it going?
Great.
That's good.
Well, so I cancel my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle.
Uh, the good old DNC.
What an abortion that people is.
Then I asked how many other people did likewise.
And they said, no, my business.
Yeah, well, they're real nice of there.
Okay, well, I just thought I'd let you know.
You're a fine American.
Have a nice life.
Hello.
Hello.
I want to speak to Neil.
You got him.
Am I on?
Yeah.
Neil.
Yeah.
Neil, you're a stinky pink old glue sniffing.
Bed, water, and a pansy.
Great call.
This is the day so far.
Did he say pansy?
Let's see, get off.
What a mong bring.
I run my bike 30 miles every Saturday to the show.
And this guy calls me named.
She's on you, sir.
She's on you.
By the way, have you seen some of those bag boys at the new AMP?
No, what are you cackling about?
A, this is my God.
A million producers in the world, and they fit me in here with an egg.
Shit is my God.
I'm a cacci.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
You're used to be such a nice boy.
And now you're so terrible.
Yeah, but you can't share it off.
You can't share it off.
I don't need this.
It offers from other stations.
Patizia, Almira, Fredonia.
But instead I stay here and entertain you grotesque sub-human dutabag.
Unbelievable.
To me, but hello.
Hello, is this Neil Rogers?
What kind of phone are you on, sir?
How's that again?
Do you have a dial phone or what?
No, I had to put it to the operator.
Oh, listen.
Oh, it's nothing to that.
Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKBW last night.
Somebody asked you.
Did you hear what he's been saying about you?
No, I don't listen anymore.
He's a daughtering old man.
He claims he's only 40.
Yeah, right.
And do we be true in two?
Oh, she's shut up and you're pathetic.
And if you think he's bad now, we totally had you.
Oh, boy.
Okay, when we come back, maybe the egg will come out of his shell.
But I hope not.
Okay, did you get it, pal?
I sure hope so because we're not playing it again till next year.
There we go.
I love it.
Instead of the old much too fast, we have the new very appropriately slow.
So we're never going to have an open line in Braw or again.
That's more their speed.
Now we're catching on.
Took a few years.
21 till noon at WIOD.
Oh, man, am I sick.
It was a good sick though.
It was, I felt so good coming in here this morning.
The hockey thing and I felt like my ears are open and I felt full of vinegar and the other stuff.
And then all this food started like popping up all over the building.
And Pete D. Simone just came in here and shook my hand and apologized.
Yeah, come back in here, shake this Pete.
Let's go to a poppin'o.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
I have three topics for you today.
Yes.
You know, hockey harness racing is the new tea to race bike.
Yeah.
What do you think?
I think hockey's the good enough to remember have to leave.
They have their homes or here.
Yeah.
How about harness racing?
Yeah.
No tax break.
We're gone.
I'll leave a lot of hope.
Well, what are you doing?
Are you talking in shorthand or are you, um, this is the same guy that called as Jim Richie the other day?
That's right.
Yeah.
You're right.
Yeah.
Do the same more on you.
Just as boring today as you were the other day.
It's Joe Hartman again.
We have an open line in Broward 524.
So what's the story?
How come we haven't had a call?
You know, that's the thing that really frosts my can.
When I need somebody from poppin'o park to call in on that bat line and let us know what the hell is really?
I mean, there's an article here old durus' quote poppin'o may close and the legislature hasn't done this and we don't have the tax break.
I mean, you know, we're just all sitting here holding the damn racing for holding the program.
Waiting for Jeff Gregory to win another race and I don't think any of us can live that long.
Pembroke Pines.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey, I was coming home yesterday here about the hockey looking front of me on a bag of a tow truck, one of them French Canadian cars.
Oh, great.
Listen, put on Richard Bay this morning. He's all rained out.
Yeah, I heard they got some kind of a special on there. What are they doing?
There are metal lands, parkways, underwater and Lloyd Lindsay Young stuck out in traffic and telling everybody that it's raining and stuff.
Well, listen to that exciting.
Yeah, and channel four you put on.
They don't tell you anything about hockey, but they'll show you that it's raining in New York.
Well, listen, that great. And then it's snowing in Buffalo.
Yeah, like that's a bulletin.
How about Tony Cigreto, huh?
What an asshole, man. I am so disgusted with him. He just a self-promoting clown.
What's my name? Good God.
You said it. Have a great day.
How are you? Okay, great day.
Here's a mobile in poppin'o.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I went to the hockey game the other night and enjoyed the hell out of it.
Yeah?
You know what the best part was?
I don't know if anyone called it told you that in between the second and third period they were having spectators.
Come down and shoot the puck in the net.
Yeah.
And the like the...
I announcer for lack of a better term was Paul Castro-Noble.
Oh, yeah.
And he had a resounding round of booze.
He was a nice...
That's the truth.
Anyway, it's the people of Arupiah.
It was great.
I love it.
It was great.
What a puffed up piece of shot he is.
Yeah, but you know, uh, Wayne Izinga is God.
We should have wrecked the monument to this guy if I can say that.
By the way, you know who's always talking about Paul Castro-Noble like he's his big buddy in calling him on the air?
Joey.
So what does that tell you?
Losers of a feather flock together.
Little Joey or Joey Reynolds?
Joey Reynolds.
Oh, well that's, uh, who cares?
Well, anyway, I just wanted to pass that bitch...
Well, now you got something to look forward to.
You got like 80 or what is it?
81 games they play 82, something like that.
You got like a whole, uh, flock load for the half.
You really want to know the truth.
I live in Cooper City.
I can't wait for them to build that new stadium up by Joe Robby.
You and me both.
You and me both.
That would be the greatest thing and then I might even become a heat fan.
That's right.
I would pray to God to heat come with him because you know my Emmy arena is great but who the hell wants to go down there every day?
Right.
But I would go to Joe Robby every day.
In fact, going in that area it's like kind of like playing Russian roulette with a gun that's got all six bullets out.
Yeah, you don't have a bunch of it champs.
Thanks Neil.
Have a great weekend.
I am an imbecile.
I just noticed something that in one of your interviews with John Candy I believe it looked like an older interview.
You had less hair than you have today.
How do you explain that?
I uh, don't wear a wig sir.
Paint your bald spot.
What bald spot?
You paint your bald spot?
I know what you're talking about sir.
My hair grows.
You paint your bald spot.
I don't have a bald spot.
How come you had less hair on the tape?
Maybe my hair grew.
Maybe I had a bad haircut that day.
You paint?
By the way something.
What do you care?
Paint your bald spot?
I don't.
Do you paint your bald spot?
Paint your bald spot?
I don't have the answer.
I used to know it and I don't know it.
There is a formula but I don't know what it is.
Okay, 12.
He's going off the air pretty soon.
I think we better get as much of the kingmeister as we can.
He's going to be on daytime but not in this market and not in too many markets.
Boy, is he in a dream world?
We have an open line by the way.
I just mentioned in passing since we do have like 8,000 lines.
But there is one little blue line in that is not lit at the moment.
It's very disconcerting at 524.
And I do want to mention that at the home show at the Beach Convention Center,
we got our Camilla House WIOD booth in the main lobby with all our best of tapes and CDs and T-shirts,
6 to 10 tonight, noon to 10 tomorrow, noon to 930 Sunday and Monday from 1 to 5 and 6 to 10 in the PM.
So tonight, tomorrow, Sunday and most of the day on Monday, you can go by the convention center on the beach
and make a nice donation to Camilla House and pick up your good stuff.
And our 18 T Camilla House hotline is working now all across the state.
1-800-852-006.
We got 55,094 and counting and we're doing pretty damn well.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah.
I got a name for our hockey team.
How about Miami ice?
Okay, great.
We have an open line.
Let's leave that to an armed Kent.
Okay, I'm not going to spend four hours here today.
Wasted.
Oh God, I mean, I just, I'm at a lack for words for these guys to get on the year.
And spend an entire show.
Oh, we got some certificates here.
Let's give a certificate for the best name for the new hockey team.
And they spend like hours.
Oh, I mean, that's such exciting radio.
It's enough to make me barf on my shoes.
Come on, Norm.
God almighty.
He's surrounded by nothing but hate and homophobia and venom and psychosis on that station.
And his best shot.
And I do mean shot is to come back and, oh, let's name the new hockey team.
Oh, please, Norm.
Go to court and do a job for somebody who needs you.
Here's a mobile and beautiful Palm Beach.
Neil, what did you have to put in Randy's mouth to make your son like that?
I beg your pardon, sir.
You, you figure it out.
Okay.
That it?
That's it.
So help me.
Anybody that calls and suggests an name for the hockey team.
You're going to be gone so fast.
That line.
What?
Norm Kent.
Norm Kent.
Yeah.
How good.
You don't have enough time on your own radio show?
Hey, listen, I'll give you $100 for Camille's house, but don't knock my Florida freeze.
I'm going to be there in the first room.
Oh, freeze this.
Freeze this.
My God, you're on that station over there with all these right wing up.
Not just homophobic asshole geeks sitting around and playing grab ass with each other on the air all day and you're on a, oh, what's the name for the hockey team?
Come on, Norm.
Hey, sometimes Neil, when they're, you know, when they're crushing, you just got to laugh at him and stare in their face and come up with something funny.
The audience in the morning wants to be woken up to cheer.
I got news for you, Norm.
Your audience ain't never going to wake up.
Okay, because in forest lawn, they're not waking up again.
Hey, I have 12 plus in my audience.
You got 95 plus.
All right, that donation to Camille's house just went down to 90.
It went up to 110 just for this call.
I'm telling you once just to say something nice about me.
Just one.
I already said you're the best criminal attorney in the Eastern USA.
All right, I'll watch my eagerness in USA.
You too.
Take care.
See ya.
I will say something nice.
He's a great attorney and a good guy sometimes, but overgrown child.
I don't want to hear about your rotisserie baseball team.
I don't want to hear about your god.
I mean, talk about self-promoting about his sports memorabilia.
And I don't need to think you can even say Bailia or Bailia.
Can you say that?
I don't think so, especially if Alex is on the board.
Unless he wants another paid vacation.
Yeah.
Alex, as I go for that, let's talk about a walking eagerness this afternoon.
And get another two-week vacation per six, 700 bucks.
How much did you get?
Because it's a lot more than George.
400. See, I told you.
Told you.
Nine, nine, nine, nine, nine.
You was on the Saturday morning.
It exactly 904.
But nothing could prepare me when I'd not done rally store.
He was driving, he was crumbling, and in that need of a shape, he was just about to put a cannon
to the microwave.
I used the bathroom, and he said it in care.
He was reading the sun, sentinel, in his underwear.
I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be.
And there was a crucifix, a crucifix, a fec for all to see.
I didn't seek salvation.
I had come to mold a lot.
But I found Jesus in Rick Rally's chalk.
Yes, brother, Rick, he changed my mind.
I've a whole medical thing.
Cos by the time I washed my hands, I'd washed my sins away.
Now I learned to be intolerant, I'll watch Pat Robertson, and I'll vote for Pat.
You can't even even be discerrugged.
I'll pretend to be a hipster.
But my liberal days are gone.
Cos I found Jesus in Rick Rally's chalk.
But I found Jesus in Rick Rally's chalk.
Now I learned to be a hipster.
I was just about to go to the microwave.
I was just about to go to the microwave.
I was just about to go to the microwave.
I was just about to go to the microwave.
You're just losing it.
You're coming apart of the seams.
I mean, today, for instance, you're talking about this ice hockey thing in South Florida.
About what?
Ice hockey.
We don't have to call it ice hockey.
Everybody knows it's played on ice.
Why don't you grow up?
If you don't like it, nobody's going to force you to go.
But don't start here dictating what my show should be.
And whether we should like hockey or not, go fight a life you asshole.
God, what a stupid punk, man.
Now that I've been elected president, I just don't have enough time to chase babes
and listen to Neil Rogers one to two hour party on day.
You get it, man.
Are you kidding?
Last month alone, I spent $180 on condoms.
If you're on the babe patrol, safe sex can be a major budget item.
That's why you need new DD7 condom cleaner.
With DD7 of parables and safety goggles, you'll be able to use your condoms again and again,
cutting your monthly bill by 85%.
Hey, Harry, look what I found in the parking lot.
Geez, Harry, what do you want to pick up something like that for?
Are you kidding?
With a little DD7, I'll knock half a fuck off my monthly condom bill.
Pass me those safety goggles, will you?
You're still a virgin, aren't you?
Yeah.
No DD7 condom cleaner.
And for you really big guys, try new DD13.
107 at WIOD or DD4 for the people in this place.
Let's continue, move it along, singing the song.
When we get those trends from Tampa, they must be really bad this time, huh?
Like about a point eight.
See, the hurricane month is dropping off this time, so there are no excuses if it's really bad.
It means it's just a death wish, it's hopeless.
And based on one of my gut feelings are about that particular market, I think it probably is.
I don't have a bone spot.
This week on MTV's Unplugged Jonas for the Mellow Sounds of Megatech.
I wanna suck your blood, lead your flesh, and kill your family.
I love death.
You'll hear their biggest hits in our all-acoustic format.
I'm a leopard from hell, who feeds a human skin, murder and evil are my only friends.
Armageddon's Reviling in, die, die, die.
That's right, this Sunday here are the intimate sounds of Megatech.
On MTV's Unplugged.
Or as I say in England, up-chalkin' die.
Meteorologist Bob Subbers, actor at Forkass here.
You stop radio-six-ten, come when you are your team.
We're doing it.
We're crawling up there in Tampa, man.
We just got the numbers.
Tom Velvita is changing his underwear right now.
We're starting to creep up a little bit.
And the interesting part of it is on the pages I'm looking at, FLA had a great trend.
They went up, and we went up.
It's not the same audience.
I've told you that.
We're not interested in those old parts who are looking for the same old tired crap.
That's not what we want.
Now let's see, 25 to 54.
Overall, this is the whole day.
WSU went, goes from a 1-1 to a 1-4.
Mornings went down.
What does that tell you?
0.9 to a 0.6.
Midday is from a 1-4 to a 1-8.
Wait till you hear nighttime.
Uh, afternoon, 1-2 to a 1-2 flat.
Night time, Randy.
I'm going to tell you something, Randy.
If you don't hit them for some serious money after this trend today, you're a wimp.
And I know you're not.
Night times, 25 to 54, from a 0.9 to a 2-4.
The highest number of the day at night.
And that's incredible.
That's unbelievable.
Woo!
Man, 18 plus.
From a 1-5 to a 2, the whole station of the SUN.
Middays from a 2-1 to a 2-5.
Afternoons of 1-8 to a 2-3.
And nighttime from a 1-4 to a 2-8.
Oh!
Did I tell you?
I'm going to say something right now.
And I hope that Bob Green is listening.
I hope Bob Neil is listening.
I hope everybody.
I hope Boy Geary is listening.
And I hope the assholes, including Jeff Clark back in sales, are listening.
Okay?
This garbage about getting the Miami Heat on this radio station.
And all this other garbage at night.
You've got a goddess on there at night.
I'm not just joking about that.
This broad is great.
I mean, Boy Geary stepped into a bucket of shot when he hired her.
It's just the greatest thing since sliced bread.
She's dynamite.
She's fun.
She's caught on.
She's a hit.
Like in the network.
Remember that?
He's a hit, damn it.
A big, big fat hooter hit.
And they want to clutter up the night.
Forget about all that sports, man.
It's a ton of work.
It's a loss.
It's not even a lost leader.
It's a lost loser.
Let QAM have it.
Let somebody else have it.
And stop with all this sports crap.
Make up your mind what you want to be.
If you want to be the entertainment station, man.
If you want this thing to fly, we can just kick smelly, gigantic butt.
But stop screwing up the thing with like with this game tonight.
Barry University and Miami.
Crowd of less than 2,000.
The game is on TV on Sunshine.
And we're carrying it on a radio because we get blackmailed in order to carry you
and football.
We got to carry all this other stuff that nobody cares about.
Randy doesn't have really a show until Monday.
She'll be on after the game tonight.
And that should be like about 9 30, 10 o'clock for like a brief hour or hour and a quarter.
I hope during that period of time she takes these numbers.
The game is on the set in the beginning of June.
While the crazy guys reconciled having sex with sports dogs 6K.
Well, I'll be honest with you after examining and fondling and pouring through these 10
of numbers.
It only makes me ask one thing.
You got to get a floss.
Okay, 140.
Now, Tony, we're starting to get there a little bit.
We're starting to eat you know, once you start getting up into two's man,
then after that comes like three's and four's.
And even if we never know seriously after you're laughing,
but if we never go beyond three's and four's,
they're going to be happier than a picking shot over there.
I'm telling you that right now.
They're going to be dancing to Krasatsky and they don't even know what one is.
And they start to give us a little bit of promotion and I finally talk them
into I had to like have a verbal hernia to get them to put her on at night.
And then they don't want to appear at dime.
Oh, she's not proven but I guess she's not proven part of the anymore you asshole.
Tom.
And then NUG in over there,
which sounds like a Bellagosi on a bad day.
He comes out of the box for about two hours and they stick him back in there.
God almighty.
Here we are coming out.
Wouldn't it have they ever have two weights and two threes and anything?
Huh?
With that damn nose picking crap they had.
We started like from zero.
And as I said, FLA had a humongous,
so won't be ought to be ecstatic and worse than of course he won't be happy until we all disappear.
And that's not going to happen.
Just out of spite we're staying on.
Just to make his life miserable.
And then when Cox goes over there and buys FLA and turns into classical music and shuts his ass off,
then they'll really show him a finger too.
Or when Buddy Buck comes over there and buys it and puts he in and headline news on 24 hours today,
that'll teach him a lesson.
West Palm on the Starlight.
Neil.
How you doing?
How are you?
Great.
Actually I'm just four peers now.
Well, you're really a losing ground.
I'm really moving.
Yeah.
Well, I got to tell you yesterday.
I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a, I
There's, best day that happened to us in,uh, slice bread. Right, and I tell you, you played something this morning that I haven't heard in about 15 years. Yeah.
I mean that's the greatest man I get goosebumps every time I hear that.
I mean it just really is starting my day out just right.
I think as a kid of tuning in 740 Saturn in I've seen the Ellen Toronto at 830.
Hello, Canada on the hockey page in the United States.
Here Bill and Foster you are from the Gondola, Maple Leaf Gardens and I just get goosebumps man.
I'd say when I arrive I heard that this morning it's just now like I get goosebumps.
Well it's like you said one of the best things that ever happened to this time.
We're going to put us on a map and get a little action going here.
That's right. I finally I was really considering moving out of here and then yesterday just said no I think we're going to stay.
Yeah man when we bring back Johnny Bauer man that's going to turn me around.
I want to I want to be Bobby War play.
Bobby War in Derek Sanderson and Johnny and Frank Mahabalus.
We're bringing them all man Red Kelly.
And Mark Reoam and Manon Reoam.
And Aliaf and Tim Horton bringing the donuts.
Is he?
Yeah.
So have a great weekend.
And you too.
See ya.
Have some my hand Johnny.
You should have come in earlier when it was cool and had that green stuff on it was delicious.
Okay let's go to uh so we're up a little bit in Tampa we're starting to make little
inroads over there Johnny huh?
While we did a little bit better nothing spectacular.
Randy kicked just losing ass at night.
12th class on this show went from a 14 to a 17.
At night from a point six to a one four.
About twenty five to fifty four and we're starting to do some number over there.
How do you like that?
Like in the midday from a one four to a one eight and at night from a point nine to a two four.
Yeah good lotting miss clotting man.
And that even includes a little bit of that bill uh
Phil uh Swill Henry.
So you know they're between eight and eleven she is kicking big big oozing
Puss filled the doughnuts as Tim Horton was saying you bet and they don't want to pay her
They ought to be they ought to be running over here this weekend with buckets of money say Randy here
Here just here take it all man as much as you want honey.
You are a goddess you are a goddess and you're the savior of WSU and Cox and Enterprises and we will never treat you like a shot again
But they won't do it and she's still gonna have jump up jump up and not because there are much in cheap parcels
That's all with their eight billion dollars and they're oh yeah, we know it all
You don't know shot man. That's your problem over there. If you listen to anybody for once in your life
If you make up your mind what you want to be instead of this uh here and there and all over the damn place make up
You want your mind what you want to be and do it instead of this all let's get the heat from QAM
So we can screw up Randy some more and like uh you know let QAM have that garbage
And be uh an entertainment station stop trying to be like this full service crap like that we're doing 20 years ago
There was a bomb man and it's a bomb now if you try to do that you can't in a major market be all things to all pimple man
It's ridiculous
God they're frustrating. They're just and the people they're like oh there he goes again
I'm telling you these are the most frustrating people in the world to work for because you can't move them
You can shake them you can move them and the faces change and they smile and they now their heads and they still do a bunch of crap
North Miami
Now Johnny Dark is here a radio maven uh not really
I suggested this morning the greatest move in history hot 105 is coming up
Howard Stern morning drive on hot 105. Can you imagine what this company could do in this market and none of the
fanatical certain individuals could attack Howard because he'd be on Cox Broadcasting
You know i'm saying and so they couldn't mess with his show and with the content
We'd have it made in the shade Howard in the morning on FM on hot 105
We'd be coasting it we'd be doing our thing over here. This company would like own this market. Oh
Gee we want to put up a half a million dollars here for Howard. Oh god
Go actually want to have to pay somebody. Of course they probably built like three million dollars on it
Like infinity. I think bill 17 million a year in the morning on the k-rock, but oh, we don't want to do that
Anyway, yes sir. Yeah, I just want to correct that shot head of coding with the other definition of shot
Yes, they're talking about
Because you know, I've been in the much marine for 10 years and this guy like that
You shouldn't be allowed on the water really
Shot is an anchor checking. It's nothing to do with to it
You know these guys that should be out there on their boat with that Canadian light and flight. You should listen to me
Yes, I can't drive with that bridge tender. Yeah. Yeah. There's the man. I want to see right now
I want you in here right now Bob Green
No, I have a nice day sir. I want this man in here right now. He's a good guy. He's a great guy
But I I want some action. I want Howard on how 105 I want the I want the triple that cart that go over here
I want some copy in this thing. I want I'm gonna be like Mark Clayton
I I I I me me me me me me me me me and
That's not kosher by the way
That's not kosher. Oh, you're going to hell now. You're already going to hell you work for this company and you tired David Paul
So that locked it in
We made a non did you hear what I suggested but you won't do it
But they won't do it. They won't do it. They won't do it. Not Neil won't do it because it costs money
Okay, and the notion that spending money to make money is like saying a shot in this company man
You just can't even say that they start like hyperventilating up there and start foddling their
Bees or something
Isaac's experience that for violin music
Why to buy F L A in for Isaac's turn on 24 hours today. I think that's coming next watch out
Open we're coming
Inroad up there, huh? And how do you like Randy making some real serious in road and we don't want to heat at night
I'm telling you I'm begging you. I want you to make a commitment to us right now
Right in this room that we will not carry the Miami Heat at night on WIOD that if we do have a little tape in play the tree in the morning or something
No seriously don't mess with success give her a chance give her a shot in fact that's what they're giving her right now
We shot that's what they're giving her a big one
I'm telling you we've got a goddess there. She's gonna do like eights and ten tonight
And it's there it's there to be done. I remember those golden glory days if I can say that
I've done this since when I was doing ten and eleven shares a night the audience is out there
Living and breathing once she's got the ones I had well like over the age of a hundred release. They were out there
Yeah, I could call a hockey game. I'll do the hockey right now. That's another thing. I'm doing a hockey games
Okay, I've done hockey. I know hockey and believe me you ain't no goalie
One-poording now you ain't no Johnny Bauer
149 and what am I talking about? I'm hyperventilating from those damn cookies. I ate him like four hours ago
And I'm still psychotic god they were good, but I've been I'm spinning like a drabola here all day from that food
And that's another thing keep the food out of here, Bob
Tell us sale department to cut the crap that's it take the whole thing man
Taking for the party tonight. It'll be good and right by that side
A 149 at W.I.O.D. and the moving up rapidly W.S.U.N.
Driving in weather tomorrow morning here
Just a radio system
And with you, I'll be
One guy, two guys
You know, I'm looking at this microphone. It doesn't sound any different. It's like split wide open
Look at that
Look at that
Remember that record by Rick Nelson my bucket's got a hole in it. We got to do it
My mic's got a hole in it man. Oh big one and my mic too. Look at that
Oh look at that. Have you ever seen anything like this place?
Of course the fact that I dropped it on the floor a couple of times
I might have something to it
This engineering department man, I wouldn't wish them on Hitler
154 and let's do North Miami Beach. Hello. Yeah, sir. How you doing? I have a
Number for you for the season tickets for the South Florida hockey team. How can that be?
It's in the paper and the hurled. Are you serial? I'm serial. How can they be so on season tickets when we don't even know what you were starting?
While they're taking they're gonna they're taking the name of number and they may understand the information
Okay, let me have the number. It's eight three two three thousand eight three two three thousand. Uh-huh. That's indeed
No, it's a browser number. I think it's in Howard. Yeah
I had to dial one three oh five eight three two three thousand. Uh-huh. Thanks for pile. No problem. See you
I will be there man with a bill's on. I'm gonna buy like four season tickets
I'm gonna be the number one cheerleader. I'm gonna be the doll fan denny of the hockey team. How do you like that? Well, not that much
Here's the lady in poker. Hello
