So Henry, which stuff and player really has the biggest red quiz, Henry?
Henry tells all today.
Used off radio 610, WIOD presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk with Neil, dial 751, WIOD from date in Broward 524, WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code, toll free 1-800-944-WIOD.
And those out on mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star, IOD.
Now, the Neil Roger Show on new stock radio 610, WIOD.
Hey, Stion of bitches, look!
God!
Oh!
Pugh!
Miami has to offer the greatest football to you.
We take the ball from cold and cold and go like no less.
We're in the air, we're on the ground, we're always in control.
And when you say Miami, you're talking super.
Because we're the Miami dog ones.
Miami dog ones.
Miami dog ones number one.
Yes, we're the Miami dog ones.
Miami dog ones.
Miami dog ones number one.
It's all a big joke, right?
Just a joke, it's just a put-off.
It is played with our minds, right?
They're played with our brains.
Oh, so Henry said it might be Mark Clayton, but he'd have to recheck.
Now, Henry was telling me earlier in the wake of that story about Clayton opening up his big stupid mouth again that all those years he spent doing a post game interviews in the door for locker room, he knows.
He knows the hose, man.
So it's 1007 at WIOD after a just puke inducing.
Sunday, hope you had a great holiday, have a happy new year and a great life.
And we're in the playoffs, man, we're the champions.
Oh, God.
It's all a big joke.
It's just, it's got to be a joke, isn't it?
Isn't it a put-on?
Can't be for real.
We're the champions, we did it.
Dolphins won the AFC, we got to buy as in, buy, buy.
Rumor has it, the offense missed the plane to Boston over the weekend.
Thank God for Pete's story, Anavitch, man, that's our only hope.
And how about that dick McPherson, the coach of the Patriots?
I mean, you're like marching in the last seconds of regulation.
They got a chance to get a field goal that might win again.
They got that Charlie Bauman, who actually is a pretty damn good kicker and filled in for story, Anavitch when he was holding it out last year.
And what does he do?
He takes his like high school quarterback, drop back, man, and throw it.
That's it.
Drop way back there and let him sack your ass and take us out of field goal.
But thank you so much, dick, and best of luck in your new endeavors, whatever that might be.
God.
We're the champions.
We are, we're like, I can't believe it.
Just pathetic.
And then the bills last night, 27 or 3, the Houston taking a gigantic dive.
But hey, you never know, we might just go all the way.
We might just do it.
And what a joke that would be.
You can't complain about our offense.
We don't have it in.
How about those buck and ears, man?
Are they doing it or what?
Yeah.
Big, big, close out the season victory at the Fienist, no less, seven or three.
So anyway, it says Clayton Crude about Olsen incident.
Now, it's interesting if you read the Miami Herald, first of all, you're probably a troublemaker if you do.
And secondly, you don't get the real story.
The Herald had like a little blurb on this and it had nothing about the real essence of the story.
Because I guess there's such goody two shoes at the Herald and Barry Jackson's tubers he writing like column after column after column about WQ AM.
And just sucking around with Jimmy Cephalo and Joseph Gackie and Hank Goldberg.
Oh my God, it's so great that they don't have time to give you the real sports stories.
But in the Sun Sentinel, it says by Michael Mayo, who likes to write about radio hot head talk hosts,
Michael Mayo says after the dolphin, 16, 13 overtime, when Sunday, Mark Clayton made some crude remarks about former Boston Herald reporter Lisa Olsen,
a victim of sexual harassment in the Patriots locker room two years ago.
Clayton referred to Olsen as a Renquist watcher as he was getting dressed.
Well, it's just got a blank there.
Okay, but you know they want to say Renquist.
Clayton was upset that a locker room door was open allowing frigid air inside when he screamed to no one and prayed to him.
And so he said, well, in particular, closed the door and keep a Lisa Olsen outside.
Make sure to leave that.
Renquist watch her outside said big mark.
No female reporters were big mark were present at the time, but the locker room was filled with media from South Florida and the Boston area, etc.
So there you go, opening up his big fat stupid mouth.
One more time at a boy, Mark.
We love you.
Just keep catching the ball and shut up.
Our Camille, South total is 86 to 88.
Sorry, 88,630 bucks.
We're going to go over 90 before January, not bad.
We have till the 31st of January.
We got another month to go.
We'd like to get to 150, which would be our all time records going to be tough.
Gonna have to have like a big push.
Like on that AT&T Camille, South, South line number today, toll free.
1 800 852.
Oh, oh, oh, six.
My juicy man juicer.
Hey, I got a great glass apple juice.
One and then on the, yeah, and then it broke.
It's already broken.
It's already as useless as dried doggy do.
Although it does do a good job on dried doggy do man, delicious.
In fact, I put a banana in there.
I want to do apple banana juice.
This is a true story.
And I, because apple banana is great juice.
And banana.
Right out the back into the pulp thing.
Yeah, the whole thing right out the back.
No, I didn't put the peel in there just a banana.
And it spit the whole thing out of the back.
See the lesson and I learned a very hard, I'm gonna send that thing back.
It's a piece of crap.
Anything you see on TV is crap, okay?
Especially an infomercial.
If it was a good product, it would be in the stores.
They could sell it in the store.
But of course, when it's in the store, you can see it and put your hands on it and squeeze it and feel it.
And then you know it's a piece of plastic and a piece of crap and nobody would buy it.
So that's why they spend millions of dollars to sell millions of these products to suckers like me.
Like Ron Popeel with the spray it on here.
And with the vegematic, with little, a, four cent piece of plastic thing that's supposed to cut up your fruit.
It's all a bunch of crap.
So don't ever get sucked into buying anything off TV, okay?
I guess I can say that now that Buddy Bud sold his home shopping.
Now where he won't get upset.
Well, of course he will.
A bunch of crap.
It's garbage.
So I guess the deal with the juicer, at least that one is history.
Ed Till, man, I could do hours on Ed Till, all the Randy already did it Saturday.
I was in hysterics.
Saturday, she was, she came on.
No, let's see, that's right.
He was on Friday afternoon.
He is so bad and so terminal and so happy.
He's Mr. Rock and Roll of Talkos.
Well, hey, how about that priest and how about that little black kid, huh?
What do you think?
And how about that for my conferenture?
Should it be what?
What do you think?
And then some pseudonym intellectual asshole calls him up and somewhere along the line, the guy is sucking around like most callers are known to do.
And he says to Ed Till.
Well, I could tell by your syntax that you were a very bright guy.
And Ed Till says, even a line that Joey wouldn't use.
He says, oh, syntax, do they have that in Florida too?
A syntax?
Oh, and I just about, he d'all over my shoes and my feet and my little toes.
I mean, just, and then he goes from that into a big thing.
Well, you know, in Illinois, we even have a tax on food and on milk.
How do you like that?
How do you like that?
Oh, God.
Send him back and don't ever let him back here again.
In fact, I know the perfect place for Ed Till where he'd fit in like a glove.
Either at, he'd fit in perfect in FLA.
He'd be right up there, Ali, or...
WLASER, talk radio 890.
Perfect for them.
1013 on the IOD Network, George.
George.
Coming up tonight at 8th, following sports star to 6th dead,
it's the Randy Road show right here.
WIOD.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
We're going to be playing the game.
Can you think of a worse possible nightmare than that?
Time to blow your brains out, man.
You got it, Neil.
And let me tell you, I believe honestly,
that the dolphins are playing as well as anybody in the AFC.
And I couldn't think of it.
Neil.
Listen to that.
Neil.
Neil.
Neil.
Neil.
Neil.
I'm thinking of the feery second of that Pucke inducing
grotesque disgusting revolting, nauseating
and very careless juvenile performance yesterday with an offense
that like i said miss the plane entirely
and you got the balls to tell me that they're playing better ball than anybody
the fc
i didn't think better
i said i think
blowman that offense sucks those guys should go to rehab somewhere they make me
nauseous
they are pathetic
first play at the game or against the high school team in a quarterback hands
off to this like little league running back and he drops the ball on the ground
first play at the game and we got the ball on the eighteen yard line
and we stagger through our usual freeing out and have to count on story
and it's for a field goal right then and there
you knew it was gonna be a long
nauseating puke
inducing day
you have a look at it this way get out of here don't don't lie to yourself
i mean it's one thing a lie to me don't delude yourself and tell me that we're
doing this
we suck
well you have to
but pathetic
you know my point is that everybody needs to everybody else also stuck
how about that Houston game is last night exactly what about Kansas City how
about sandy a go you tell me that if we play if we would have played the game
we played last sunday night or yesterday against a reasonable team
keeping in mind not only were we playing the patriots yesterday but a battered
up patriots without half of their players with a fourth string quarterback who
didn't even know how to get out of high school
i mean come on
you know give me a break
this is an offensive line that's allowed sixty three sex this season and we got
to the quarterback twice during the entire game okay well nil will just have
that and a dick mcpherson wasn't an imbasil i didn't uh... throw away the
chance for the field going last two minutes we might never been any over time
i heard an interview with mcpherson apparently the quarterback was uh... not
supposed to do it he did right
but then any case
your least it a lot of
what does that have to do with anything
now i'm just changing the topic okay have a great day
we have an open line and date seven five one two and brown word five two four
and one on our world famous florida line
i mean these people in this town and you know support your teams whatever they are
go out there pay your hard-earned money
be a fan but don't lie
like last week that punk hit on the roof of his life all this offense is great
every week i go to the game they're great how can you say these things because
they're true you idiot you imbasil you punk you
meet head
they ought to be a syntax
i can believe you said that when he said sent and he tried to make a bit out of
that
and then he had some of seventy two year old bag from boka
and it was obvious it was the only call on the board she's going on on on on
and then finally she says well i remember you from Chicago how's your mom and
dad
only got a minute got a minute uh... uh... got them and i'll call him right now get
him on the phone
i'll know the uh... meet loafers in the oven right now she hung up on him
that's how desperate was to milk that call
oh god where does by and and i'm going to just want to go on record it's almost
the new year so might as well get out of our system
nothing is going to change
at w i o d and cox enterprises in w s you when i can't speak for four miles
because it thank god for you
beasley owns that and as the week is they are they must know something
because it's not this company
nothing is ever going to change they're still going to try to buy off your
allegiance with hockey tickets
and uh... uh... tickets to this and tickets and plain tickets and meals at this
place you don't want to eat and other than that forget it nothing will ever
change because they are enchanted with mediocrity they love boy giri they love
the new production guy who i wouldn't wish on the Hitler and Mussolini
together i mean these people here it just so forget about it just their life
goes on
speaking of life goes on oh man i hear you're really sick
how do you know that that's what rich packed your told me
he's very consign
but you're laughing about that's what he said the other day and by the way don't
ever let him back in here again george my god i thought he was going to come
and sit in there and he comes in here and he's like you have to show with me
all day on thursday all day pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop
i mean get him out of here
you had him in the studio i didn't have him in the studio you're muscled his way
in here and he kept sitting around bugging me i mean talk about a radio groupie
and you didn't bring that up while i was on the phone last week uh... no this was
on thursday i think that's what i called it now
oh okay
so you're very sick is that true i am sick
yeah
anyway well what is this what does that mean i don't know the doctors don't know
nobody knows yeah i think i think that orange complexion should have been the
first to the hands let me tell you what if i just mister expert to give me a big
lecture about my god bladder about drinking lots of olive oil
this is this is purely genetic enough to come on okay
anyway um... what the whole thing i'm saying all my choosers and acme
is that what you were going to buy what do you mean is what i was going to buy
or did you buy it i bought the juice man one the juice man two from the geek on tv
it's a piece of crap it's broken already and i'm going to throw it in the toilet
send it back you get a full refot i am going to send it back i still got the
box in the whole shipping crap no but the good one is the acme you can get that
i heard the panasonic is the best one i also heard that the omega is very good
they get in the health food store anyway i don't know from acme i'm real happy
with my let me ask you question if you are coach rogers of the dolphins what the
hell would you do with the office send him to arcaidia send him to a raford
fry the rass in a chair i'm scared what's going to happen to yeah when we play a
good team thank god we got a week off at least we don't have to be embarrassed
next week we can all like have a happy new year
yeah i mean if we play like sandy agor canza city
or anybody that's uh you know better than a high school or a sandalot team we're
going to get our ass kicked we're going to be so far behind by come the third quarter
that won't make any difference what story and if it's does although if you remember a few
years ago we played candid city in the playoffs and they were supposed to blow us away
wait a minute that was two years ago and we happened to have a hell of a season two years ago
and that we gave him we beat him in overtime but i mean we had a good offense two years ago
we could take the ball down the field and score this team couldn't score in your house
i'm telling you they're pathetic i'm embarrassed i was so angry during that game
it's the same old crap every week no matter who we play the same old crap three and out three
and out dropped the ball sure it one time Clayton was wide open he throws it all like 20 yards
over his head marine these guys i don't care if it's marino i don't care who it is and thank
god we finally got bobby hump freeze in the lineup because higgs got hurt and how come we don't
use him more because every time he gets in there all he does is go crazy yeah he's he look
great yeah i think somebody ought to give a shoelace some noodles and wake his ass up but i'll
tell you i don't know who looks worse buffalo or us buffalo but pathetic well it's a hell of a
commentary on what we've come to isn't it yeah well i hope you're okay well i'll be all right
feel something just hanging good day 10 25 on the io d network catch the latest news from the 610
w i o d new center each hour plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast
men everyone wants to stay in shape but which exercise video is right for you you've tried
jazzer size and aerobic size now try the workout that's as old as the bible itself circumcise
yes it's the quick easy way to lose inches instantly try it at home for 40 days and 40 nights
money back if you don't see results immediately the exercise take for men only circumcise
i have no foreskin 10 29 at w i o d so what do you think you think leesa ulson is a
ranked quiz to watch your award we have an open line in a broward 524 and 2 on the florida wats man
they're not the what's going on 1 800 944 w i o d and quite frankly we can add a let
let's do a mirror mar hello yeah yes sir i'm talking on me i beg your pardon are you talking on me
am i talking on you i'm talking on you okay dummy and hey for years i listened to you you know
on the whole star station yeah i hated you yeah hey he is sick yeah what do you want what do you
want dummy what kind of a what kind of a isn't this the time of the year when even people like you
are supposed to be a little bit civilized or don't you have it in you huh let me go further isn't
it your repertoire get out of here you pathetic old fart go find go stick your finger in your
ruff thing man get out of my life oh this is going to be a rough week huh between they're all out of
town it's uh the week it's in we're in limbo we're in rush limbo land man two open lines in
brow it in the entire watch as the satellite honors it's just a joke look at that 1 800 944
w i o d rick and suds return this afternoon randy the night we're doing it but you're not
oh is that the kind of call we're going to have today from a crusty old is hey here's a go i
hated you dummy and you're still out there listening you're still perching and rotating on that
a digit archipel go find a life go take up majong take up shuffleboard go watch your dentures
fizz in the glass go do something useful go go take a good blueberry animal do something
god almighty south maimi on the starlie what is that ill yes what was that oh it's feedback
it's the phone sucks anyway the dolphin watching the game with my uh sister's boyfriend
who's a jet fan yeah and he's ripping the dolphin now i know they suck
so why wouldn't he be anybody who watching the game should have been ripping me
calling mr weaver i have a problem with anybody who's not a fan of a team to sit back and i mean
ridiculously ripped the dolphin why good new phone i can't take the noise i can't handle it
so anyway i'm listening on radio and watching on tv i've got the sound time turned on on tv
and i'm listening to mr weaver i will say this man is just doing a hell of a good job
i do like mandatory on a games mr weaver on the other hand has not only lost it but i mean you
you couldn't find it with a search party that's how far gone he is they have the coin toss for the
over time to see who's gonna receive and who's gonna defend which goal like they do at the
beginning of the game they do it again to go and over time for the uninitiated out there and
we as usual call tails and its heads and we lose the toss so no England's gonna get the ball and
we're gonna defend uh whatever to help go with the wind at our back right so they go into their
three-minute break they come back and mr weaver is apple plectic he is all confused he says i don't
get it the patriots are defending the windows shifted around and they're they're going straight into
the wind i don't understand they picked a two to defend the goal that they're going to get the
wind is blowing right in their face i don't get it well guess what Rick when you win the coin toss
you don't get to get the ball and decide which goal you're gonna defend dummy i mean he went on
and on he was like psychotic he just couldn't understand why they made a major mistake in strategy
oh god is somebody gonna get that man some like a life or what here's a mobile in pop it
obiach how you doing now okay i'm a dolphin fan and i just want to say that i'm content no matter
what happens uh because i don't want to yeah that's near the kind of fan we like easy to please
very easy to please because um not only did buffalo not make it uh title they're not going to have
a chance to go to the super ball losing now they're all screwed up and again everybody is that
they're all defenses injured and kelly's injured and it couldn't happen to a nicer bunch of assholes
i love it i love it if they all broke their leg if they all i had serious not life threatening but
just short of it injury i'd be ecstatic well you you can look back and see that buffalo didn't
spend any money on a kicker because uh they were the one probably these other super balls yeah
and we did uh i say bring back scot norway just one more give one more chance wide right right
take care of me okay bye bye see you that's the kind of guy we like he is eat what line was that i
didn't get him off so to speak there he goes open line and broard five two four nine four six three
on a very exciting monday we're kind of like in limbo here waiting for uh now is robby coming
what time is this another one of these excuse days when it's going to be hours and hours because
he's over there all by himself i mean we're counting on people like sonny's market i'm counting not
we i me counting on people like them in a unicorn you think that redhead back there mike you think
he's going to get that account straightened out oh god when we find out there's an account and mike
has got it he's a nice kid but i mean talk about lost talk about having no clue like where's the
door and how do i get out and it do a lay let me back in counting on these people to nurse me
through these the next several years of vegetarianism and i really doing it right
so what do you think up there since we do pomp it up park by the way starts our full six night a
week schedule tonight monday through saturday tonight you know he'll be there tonight that's right
given back the money he won saturday that's yours truly but at least we could have the fruit salad
with that great banana bread couldn't we bob up there in the dining room let's do something really
great for you let's bring him some fruit here's a mobile in four-lotterdale how you doing pretty good
i was calling because of mandatius umand early in the game if you listen to a whole game on the radio
no i think i about the middle of the second quarter right turn on the radio the beginning of the game
you saw the game they follow the first plane in wing and we kick a field goal right we kick off
them the first play again that we stop them the backfield and they have a penalty new England does
right so man it's the he starts literally laughing on the air and he says this team is pathetic
they're a high school team they are they deserve to be on the field i wanted him to eat his
words well later he was saying directed you hear he said uh if if the team with this quarterback
what's his name Jeff Carlson if if he beats us i'm a monkey okay and then he was talking about
having to go to the monkey jungle or whatever i mean uh it just it was incredible and he all my
y'all we almost sent him to the monkey jungle today thank god for where he would have fit in well by
the way so anavitch has got how he didn't make the probe all as a kick i know isn't that ridiculous
that's okay we know we know which side our points are buttered on and uh there's one of
the same and we should mention also by the way that yesterday on the first field goal he kicked that
put him at a hundred is the all-time leading percentage field goal kicker in the history of the
NFL we just mentioned in passing the guy is incredible yeah he is incredible uh i was going to
save something i'll try to remember well that's good have a great week happy new year
that's my tactic and it works every time just to kind of deflect him because he probably
gonna say something about my syntax we have an open line at broward now is that till what is the
deal with him does anybody know i mean why was he down here because the rumor was he was auditioning
on the air but he kept talking about being on the air on the loop in chicago and having some tv
show up there is he getting canned or is he gotten canned i mean what is the deal all about because if
you go on vacation unless you have no life at all you don't go and fill in for somebody on some
station unless you're auditioning for a job what is the deal with him other than he's bad and he's
like a pathetic he was like a cross between Doug karek and uh dicky farkel that's what he sounded like
and i heard by the way i heard night rhythms on saturday night they actually had a pretty good
show the other night it's about time well you know why no he just fell on the floor you know why
he had a pretty good show because you weren't talking about farting in those picking for three
whole four hours i mean a little bit of that is okay but you can only pick it till it starts bleeding
and boy did miche luis do a job on micry neary on saturday i was in the car i was standing up and
cheering while i was driving god what is on vacation as we grip him real good he's at the office
bottoms up mic no man did he do a hatchet job on reneary and believe me when i say it was well deserved
1037 on the iod network join us this afternoon beginning and two for those wild and crazy guys
rick and suds and at six it's four stalks six ten you stop my your team i am an imbasel the most violent
animated film of the year maran scorsese's delightful cartoon classic you're a good fella
charlie brown with joe peshy as that lovable round headed kid charlie brown hey hey you're
laughing please i love it to hear oh as linus hey you guys come on your friends here lighten up charlie
oh fuck you too linus hey charlie brown i hope the football for you oh yeah well fuck you too
you're a good fella charlie brown now showing on a double bill with nightmare on sesame street
okay ten forty one at wiod we have an open line a dayd one in the out of town line they're coming
on they're dropping off they're popping off but hey it's a holidays so what movie do i get from my
a Columbia movie club i got a thing now i just don't even waste the time sending the cardinets
like a challenge to see what crap they're gonna send me in the mail i get and i hope suds is
listing their back today although he never goes anywhere anyway because he don't make any money
star trek the undiscovered country untouched by human hands still in the plastic seal
so i brought it in today to give to him but if he's already got it i'll give it away on the year
so we need suds to call in on the bat line and just let george know if he's got this yet or not
star trek the undiscovered country which i know and then i told him the other day that this was
coming as well as it in letter box i don't know if it's in letter box dummy but the price is right
okay what movie did i see over the weekend that was really outstanding what the hell was this movie
that i saw about the guy oh i thought i had seen it people have brought this movie up a million times
and i must have thought they were talking about some other movie tom barrenger and shattered
what a movie that is man unbelievable god that was one hell of a flick also a few good men i keep
either people love it or they hate it i have talked to people who said it was the most dry terminal
boring sleep inducing piece of crap and then a whole bunch of other people's oh man the best movie
in years you got to see it homestead oh hi Neil yes sir i just got back from my Hawaiian vacation
from my college year before i left right how was it here was great i had a wonderful time with
i would imagine especially on Maui wack a key with a little too crowded little crowded right just a
little too yeah i had a great time i got to watch the uh my army dolphins play football on tv and
it was embarrassing to be a dolphin film they were playing football i think you're being very kind
i didn't see i didn't see much but the uh but at least i got to see him over there but
everyone don't why are they so good or why are they not it was weird why are they not yeah that's
what i've been asking myself for most of the season why are they not we were eleven and five and
quite honestly uh oh i don't even want to talk about it we played maybe two really great games
all season and that was it well both the games actually was three games out there and not
them were any good no but they showed some great well you know something even here they still
suck too so i'm gonna get least you were having a good time right the uh i went over surfing on the
north shore at sunset beach uh it was like hit or miss but i took the the tourist pass for two
hundred dollars you can fly all around the islands for ten days as many times as you want
so i went over to kawaii but i've seen enough blue tarps to last me the rest of my life
and day uh and the trees are all back to normal over there yeah but i really didn't have a good
time and i can see now i'm gonna try to move back over there as fast as i can
because it's it's really as like paradise it is you're right especially on how cost of fortune
live there but if you can afford it that was the only hard part was went because post uh raise
and brand was eight dollars and sixty cents a box yeah so i knew this you don't have to eat a lot
of that just a small amount keeps you on the go for weeks yeah that's true that's just so anyway
i'm i'll be back here at least for two months i'm gonna try to get my things together and try to
move back there as fast as i can okay good luck all right see you later see you
i'd say welcome back but uh he's not coming back we have an open line and date and look who we have
on a mobile here kneel radios amazing chronic from the west coast how was your holiday my
holidays we're not too bad hotigua and adieu i can get used to these three day weekends i'll tell you
that very very pleasant friday saturday and sunday we're gonna be doing it again this coming week
friday saturday and sunday and don't have to worry about any a hernia inducing football game to
mess it up this weekend because they're got a buy will you be a poppano uh this weekend
what does that mean will you be a poppano i'll be a poppano tonight i'll be a poppano off and i'll be
there a lot i'll be there this weekend great i can't wait kevin walis is god did he have a good night
saturday he had a big night he had three winners he just got beat with get hooked in the big trot he
is just driving at the top of his game he gave palm metal one of the great drives in the history of
our sport it looked like he left it looked like he was going to get hung he took back he took a
tuck he went to the top he just wired the field he is just incredible i have a a northeastern
we haven't forgotten about john philopella either okay he's doing it john philopella the third
right and i have a northeastern racing report for you the worst uh well not not really
you know the fox bro are you talking about no no half of the metal lands open saturday night by the
way and jacquimo on the late double i was there let me let me get to that in a minute yeah uh the
first part yankers raceway uh what there Tuesday night last Tuesday yes used to be a pretty nice place
what does that mean i love yankers nil it's deteriorated beyond belief well that's because nobody
goes there all the money comes in on otb uh there wasn't a big crowd there and with the otb money
they're doing three times the much money is poppano is it but nil the track is it's just it's gone
to hell i mean just terrible uh awful yeah never say much to lost you must a lot no i didn't do
that bad i come on you lost what i want somebody but i can't you take it i had a good time but lost
some money and that's why you're saying it deteriorate you would have won a couple a hundred if you
got unlucky you say boy that is the greatest amp track and that water cases god and joe maris
junior and uh jimmy marone and car mine they're doing it 53% of the winners of that track are are the
favorite never heard anything like that that's pathetic yeah i want so short pay off so then i
watched the metal ants that are they open night well you should like those prices man they had some
uh dynamite price three trifectes the paid over three thousand dollars right it was an all
trifect the card which they normally don't do in New Jersey right they had seventeen minutes i saw
i saw all the races on when i got home from poppano sir didn't that turn on the satellite and
there was my buddy david johnson and they had the uh msg show and it was great the lines were
incredible you had to get online with twelve minutes to post or you get i got shut out one race
you got to get it online with twelve minutes to post the place was packed they have re done the whole
track within about the last year and a half yeah the tv monitor over every betting window i mean
it's beautiful they made it like almost like a casino in a land of setting yeah and uh how long did
you stay i stayed for uh let's see we'll go my program uh nine races oh well the late
doubleers the eighth and the ninth isn't it uh yeah unfortunately jacquimow on the late double
mil jacquimow out of the five hole on on a good horse drop it down in class seven to two morning
line goes off and ten to one none of the guys i was with bettett he returns twenty two dollars to win
i saw it and the triple and i raised paid i think fifty two hundred dollars everyone's put
on cambell up there but yeah even though check my day one the driving championship last year
did you see that race bill of faith had like a five-length lead in mid stretch in moisea here he comes
on the far outside and zooming by yep yep i love uh anyway don't turn off the whole audience okay it's
going to be tough enough anyway it's the holidays and i'm finally got the lines going and you
just call here to with the crap you know i'm sorry i'm sorry i'm i missed this also game yesterday but
how about that game against the jet that was great yeah what a finish yeah come on me oh yeah
we're we play at the finish we only play at the end watch out for those charges but i'd love to see
the dolphins play the charges get a little revenge for last year yeah it'd be cool yeah we got it
i'll bring a blindfold for that game okay josey in this weekend you're going to play off what are
you going to yes yes i'm going to the playoffs i'm going to the track i'm going to hell johal have a
great week see you this weekend pal bye he's a great guy but god he just goes on and on and on and on
he's too enthusiastic he's forgotten that he's in florida you're not supposed to be so enthusiastic when
you live here okay okay sunny we have an open line and date seven five one and one on the uh
Tampa four mires four mires is not checking in today are they check back with us and see if
you're still on the air as they say at one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three ten
forty nine on the i.o.d network don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news
information trends and what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here
call what an Asian pair it's half apple and half pair what a pair but i guess you've heard that
before sunny thanks a lot boy you're going to uh nurse me to health are you you're going to do it
thank you very much i'm staying with you stay in business at least till i get healthy okay ten
fifty four he said he didn't think he can do that let's uh do north lauderdale hello hi Neil how
you doing pretty good happy new year and the same to you sir uh what's the problem you're having
with the juiced man too i've owned one for six months i love it he said crap i've tried every
machine before i think i've ever seen i you the second time i used it it broke the uh
what you put in it that year no it didn't it didn't break that way it's just that the upper part won't
separate from the bottom part you know the part that's got the basket in it yeah i had no problem
taking it apart put it back together the first time i used it right now it won't screw off it's just
in limbo and i mean i've tried everything it's not on their crooked or anything it just won't come
off well maybe it's maybe just the one you got or something like that right i've used it for six
months i had those jack well how about that banana you'll put the banana there put a banana
through any juice there's no juice in a banana the instructions tell you explain that in every
you can put a banana in a Vitamix yeah and a blender you can because it just pulverizes it but it
doesn't extract the juice out of it apple banana is one of the best juices going in yeah but you
have to put the banana in a blender wait a minute sonny sonny do you have juice over there
do you do juice well how come you never bring me any juice
what does he say
tell me there's too much sugar in it no look my diabetes is not i can my blood sugar is great now
forget about that some great juice would be good go ahead i'm sorry i'm getting emotional
sonny's holding back on me if you go with the other machines like the panasonic or all those
others you'll be back i'm telling you are you sure they're bad they're bad they're bad they just
i hear the omega is the best one i don't want to buy that huh that is a good one the omega is a
good one but the other ones like the juice tiger or the other one the jackalane machine all garbage jack
lalane machine you know that he's like 175 years old it looks just like sonny from the market fun
that's it that's all that you're drinking juice yeah and the other thing i want to talk to you
about how does how does boy gary do a nationwide search in radio and records magazine for a production
director and wind up with the incubator on the air here i am do you hear this call george are
you listening to what this man is saying i didn't inflow i didn't pay this man to call
this guy and he may be a really nice guy but his voice is so annoying and so
planned and so lacking in personality or anything i have never heard a voice like he's been
sucking down packed of tobacco for about 20 years as a matter of fact he wasn't a hall this morning
was sucking down some red man i mean i almost had a pull off the side every time he does a
rejoining that ain't no red man that sonny from the market that's it the scariest voice i've ever heard
yeah whatever i have well why doesn't micha louis do the voices now for that stuff he's uh
relegated to uh second fiddle now don't ask me i guess because he's too good at least he had a
person now i didn't have a as deep of voice but at least there was personality right i mean this guy
scares you have to pull off the side of the road and take a pro-zac after every every uh every time
you hear him do a commercial well i think the governor paid boy gary off he's in that pro-zac lobby
and that's after a national search for the best voice in the country the right you got it pal
have a great new year man happy day okay that's boy gary the same man who gave you joy rentals and
Alex Bennett and dicky farcle and mig green and uh ed till and the list goes on and on and on and
on we have an open line of dates seven five one and one and one and brown or five two four so what kind
of juice you got sunny i'm just gonna ask you what do you got what do you like what do i like i
like apple i like apple banana i like strawberry i like uh any any uh huh or carrot you got carrot juice
i can't hear him what does he say let me read your lips okay what does he say in just bring some
crap and stop messing with my life okay in fact if you were nice guy to bring a bunch of stuff
that i could take home and i'll be happy to pay for it like double the cost just for breath i'm not
looking for freebies i don't know what you're laughing about i am not looking to a guy that makes my
kind of money am i going to be a snore no but you're right across the street wouldn't it be a nice
thing for you to get involved in this and help me to become like human again instead of eating all
that crap although sunny does watch you meet eaters to go into his uh market there he's got beautiful
meat if you're in the flesh you got the best seafood and meat and man it's from a beautiful cow
okay let's go to a lady in Tampa hello
lady in Tampa put the phone up her thing i think you hear that thanks so much honey
lantana yeah nail yes sir happy new year and the same to you um i would send that juice master
whatever it is and get your money back because i got sucked into that uh color match 2000 oh man
are you kidding me no and it was it was embarrassing because well i was given a car and it was an
older car so you know looking at the commercial where they say i'm blast the car and they put
this stuff on yeah i put it on and it looked like i put shoe polish on right and i kept rubbing
the best part of it is that if you don't look good on a car you can take the same thing put
on your ball spot well i kept rubbing and buffing it and in the car too and it wouldn't come off
it looked like i put shoe polish on and then buff it off and i have a bone spot yeah because cars
uh the paint finish has a clear finish on it and uh this makes it look dull so you know you
put it on the whole car yeah and your your car still ends up looking like a dull piece of crap
shot yeah right and uh i got the the the the thing here the message for everybody and i'm very
serious any infomercial you ever see on tv immediately shut it off i mean it's okay if you
watch it for entertainment and laugh at it but do not even think about whipping out the credit card
of calling them i don't even understand the audience and these commercials i mean they're all on
drugs haven't just seen the expressions on their faces they're all on drugs and they're getting paid
off but other than that well listen what is it then five seconds what's that oh i get one more
thing about uh in the post late this is south florida's news traffic and weather station
used our gradios six ten w i o d by any fort letter dale and the palm beaches
so everybody says he's still thinking about the answer of the question but he knows it wasn't
it
used our gradios six ten w i o d presents the neo roger show to talk with neo dial seven five one
w i o d from date in broiled five two four w i o d outside the three oh five area code toll free
one eight hundred nine four four w i o d and bell sound mobility customers make it a free call
by dialing star i o d now the neo roger show on new stock radios six ten w i o d and don't have
a bone spot
his butt did she bout a bitty in my city not as old as dirt but she sure is rich
me oh i tell you it's quite a bit deep let's be known alone on sussles secure tip
she's not acting it's a true set up walking by the door in her brand new get up she trips she falls
she tries to call i fall and i can't get up i fall and i can't get up yo man didn't i see you
in a one time i'll make you annoyed yo yo yo yo yo me and the crew used to polo that blew her
and now she's not allowed to dance the drove her away in an ambulance make it commercial
make a bit of a shot i fall and i can't get up i fall and i can't get up
really henry and i were just having a little discussion about the juicer
and austere oaster i thought he played for the braves and the reds
anyway it's eleven oh six i'm getting into it though now i haven't you can eat all i
crap that comes on thursday i'm just going to have those salads and maybe a little bit of soup
i'm the difference is amazing in a week in one week
yeah henry says he'll drink anything okay we have two open lines and broward five two four and he
says you're right it wasn't managed okay let's do a lady in tampe is she there hi there she is
how are you what happened you before i was disconnected oh sorry about that was your board off
no it was not my board op it was our phone it was somebody at the minishore's phone company
there keeps disconnecting our calls did you see holla no is it good i loved it
and it was very good jack Nicholson yes very good very believable right yes go see it
and i'm very happy about your red you stage yeah i hope it stays not a stage it's this is it hey i hope
it stays because it's really good and find out about blue green algae how about what blue green algae it comes
from organ it comes from your organ organ not from my organ yeah blue green algae well and what is it
what do you do with it you put it in your fish tank no no no no no you take this it
blue green algae yes you eat it well you can make it you can usually mix it in your juice
and what does it do for you well it gets rid of all the toxins in your system really yet
i don't know if i'm going to go that far and go into that like cell salts and all that real
i'm not i'm not i'm not in all that real heavy duty health foods because most of it is a scam
anyway i don't think this is blue green algae and where do you get it it comes out of work you scrape it
off your organ yes i usually do no seriously where do you get it you have to uh call organ to get it
you have to call organ what do you do just call the operator and say give me us the
algae lady in Oregon exactly no no you can call any health food store but they have some but the
your original one is in organ yeah and it comes in smoothie you can have vanilla smoothie banana
and you mix it in with any kind of juice with your algae or you can just look out the inside of your
aquarium well it's not the same reality yeah okay i'll check it out check it out have a great new year
all right bye bye wow we have an open line at day 751 and one and brown or five two four do they
have a health food store on the sawgrast is anybody know because i haven't got needless to say
anywhere near there these last couple of weeks i mean nowhere near there but you would think
of them all that big they have a really i don't mean one of those i oh geez i don't want to get
started i don't like those chains i'm not going to mention any names i don't like those
chain health food stores like the one and has three initials oh god i just uh so
plastic and so antiseptic and so um aivon park hello hello yes sir
kneel but god Rogers yes you are god i don't know we do a kneel or to stand up
a knee to a general flight a couple of times would be all right uh kneel i just want to let you
know that i i never listened to am radio before until about three months ago and i was
fumbling with my half-time dial you were fumbling with it yes i was fumbling within a big way
and i hit the am and dial a mistake and the often i heard you two words the words do you
spag and asshole huh and after that and you could relate to it yeah forever hmm
anyways i'm just letting you know uh right now i'm uh taking a little vacation i'm going to
go on drug treatment center over here right and uh i think uh we we uh for past time we'll listen
to your tapes it's reality therapy right and it's great nice one let you know that you're doing a good
job and uh mind we're definitely going all the way this year yeah they're going all the way they're
going to caddy's house they're going to try to go all the way but i'm not sure if they could score
there have a great year pal get to see ya bye bye bye open line and broard five two four one and four
mires nothing from four mires or cape coroll or a sterile zippity doota nothing naples we had
a naples on air but they they're in a big hurry over there it's a holidays everybody's in a big rush
everybody's got a big rush it's 11 after 11 on the io d network tour here shock myer
joey Reynolds Tom Hopkins, Jemanage and Randy Rhodes each weekend right here
tell me why you're here
11 15 so the big story and i absolutely hope he never calls this station again you know Vincent
when Chuck was on last week one day doing Rick and suds Vincent called in it was when i was
driving home and i was thinking how long is this call gonna go on and Chuck let him go on and on
and on and on it's the same chronic Vincent that calls every radio station in town and has been
doing it for like 20 years and somewhere in a conversation besides boring stories about the
racetrack is about how Larry King owes a money from my so here he was talking about how he made
it in the star and i have it in my hand right now and the article as well december 29th the star
Larry King vows to pay back victims he conned out of dollars lots of questions yeah
and it's got the picture from the day and the picture from wio d from 20 years ago look at that
hair look at that push oh god it says today he's a pal of presidents but in 1971 Larry King was a
scam artist who used his radio job to fleece the gullible was a simple mistake great
don't be 50 dollars talk show titan Larry King wants to shed the guilt left over from his wild days
as a horse playing con man and pay back a small fortune to the men and women he built
i'm sorry i let people down king now says i didn't have a lot of faith in myself i had an ego
problem i had to spend money money went through my hands like water king who now chats with presidents
and makes an estimated two and a half million a year has come a long way since his days is a
mime radio host with a thriving sideline in swindles lots of question yeah in 1971 he was arrested
for stealing five thousand dollars from mime business man lu wilson but served no time in jail
because the statute of limitations had run out however he wasn't so lucky on a charge of writing
rubber checks when the publicity of his guilty plea got him kicked off the air but before radio
station wio d gave him the boot and forced him into bankruptcy king reaped big bucks from scams
that traded on his local fame i call the president of a local bank and tell him i was thinking of
doing a show on banking larry once revealed now all of this was baloney but the guy would be so
enormously flattered we'd set up lunch couple of weeks later i'd call a guy back and say oh by the
way i hate to bother you but my mother is quite ill and i need five thousand dollars for an operation
can you tell me the best place to get alone that fast among those who would love to see their
lost cash is seventy nine year old vincent malagny of mayami humed king in nineteen seventy three
after he'd been kicked off the year i've been preparing a book called a losers game about how you
can't win playing the horses says malagny who worked behind the high rollers window at highly
racetrack i was showing the manuscript and some of the other clerks one day while larry was hanging
around he was looking over my shoulder and said don't be sure to look at over my shoulder and said
can i read that he looked at over it said this is a heck of a story tell you what i have a connection
with double-day publishing give me your stories i'll rewrite them but king did nothing of the kind
instead he squeezed two thousand dollars worth of small loans out of the older man who believed
the king was his friend today the stiffed senior that's past tense needless to say in vincents case
the stiffed senior estimates kingos in five thousand dollars including interest was a simple mistake
and says he's still waiting i want my dove vincent says i'm not saying a clause
and that's just one of the debts king says he wants to repay according to his attorney bob wolf
i don't want to start an avalanche but the intent is the intent is that someday we hope to be
reimbursing the people someday when hell is that someday going to be larry i'm i'm i'm i'm i don't know
but some aren't keen to take up the offer mrs abner wolf whose late husband lost 34
thousand dollars to king never wants to hear his disgusting putrid voice again
he may be looking for more money worries the wary widow and it contemptuously you couldn't print
what i think of larry king go me fifty dollars yeah so there it is in the star nice go
and vincet and don't ever call us again here's a lady in hollywood hi well nia i'm so glad to talk
to you i've been listening to your show for years uh-huh and we're visiting for ta haxi i want you
drive down to my amy to listen to you great and i've heard you say that people get you in ta haxi
we never can and i'm really disappointed why not i don't know i guess we live too far down in the hill
you can't get six twenty and in uh-bye you uh-uh no we have tried we can't get it i'll be damned
but we really like your show and i want to call my ex husband a blood-sucking douche bag okay thank you
have a great time bye bye all the brow line just opened up five two four that's because all the
brow people just ran to the bank to wait for larry to come by and make a deposit in their account
twenty after eleven on the io d network coming up tonight and eight all the way sports dogs six dead
it's the reddy road to the late phone right here
i just noticed something that in one of your interviews with john candy i believe it looked
like an older interview you had less hair than you have today how do you explain that i uh don't
wear a wig sir paint your bald spot more bald spot you paint your bald spot i know when you're talking
about sir my hair grows you paint your bald spot i don't have a bald spot how come you had less hair on
the tape maybe my hair grew maybe i had a bad haircut that day you by the way something what do you
care paint your bald spot i don't do you paint your bald spot paint your bald spot second that is great
radio what twenty five at w i o d almost time to go home all i saw it didn't see the other one
it's only eleven twenty five and all the brow lines are open already amazing at five two four nine four
six three that is the best one of not the best but one of the best fruits i've had in my hand in years
what do you call it it's it looks like an apple but it tastes like a pear
anyway uh let's go to fort mires hello yes Neil how you doing well if if Larry King feels guilty or
as a guilty conscience i'm the pope yeah he's something else i like we keep hearing us every
few months we keep hearing this story i guess to get a more publicity about how uh someday he really
wants to do it but uh... with they won't tell us when some day in other words uh after all these
people croaked and i'll say oh jeeward and we were just going to do it tomorrow and uh... we just
missed out well i love your show here in fort mires you're a lot better without that cuban broadsing
in the background from six twenty you mentioned the movie shattered and after i saw that movie i
tell people you know when you see the first five or ten minutes of that you should know the outcome
of that movie but it's such a good movie it could draw you in so quickly i don't think i saw the first
five or ten minutes i think where the car goes over the hill no i didn't see that oh go back
i thought he was already in the hospital go back and see that from the very beginning and when you
get to the end you say i should have known that i've seen that plot a dozen let me ask you one thing
though yeah how is it that uh not only did they change his face but they changed his voice
i i don't know something to think about isn't it yeah i do i guess we're all supposed to be naive
and assume that if you have plastic surgery not only can they make you look exactly like somebody else
but they can make you sound like somebody else well i guess you could say his injuries were so
extensive his voice just got changed yeah right uh also and other things pick you up in at the first
exit from valdosta georgia and it's nice to be able to pick you up all the way out of florida because
as you get into northern florida the radio that goes on up there goes like this it's written in the
bible uh huh and uh bible says the bible says i will say and it's wonderful to be what gets you
that far and maybe we'll be able to get you clear to Atlanta someday won't that be something thank you
sir ever wise up up there have a great new year we have an open line on the out of town line and all
the brower is still like sitting there man just dead as a door nail five two four what the hell do you
want
it's 60 here i want it's beautiful and it's fine all right let's go to Miami quickly hello
i think it's from that algae back
why the algae the blue blue green algae i used it for about six months in my hair didn't grow
open line and date 7519463 let's go to four mires hello hey nail yeah
all right okay just check that's our call from four mires that's as much conversation as we're
getting out of him today 1-800-944-W-I-O-D here's Miami hello Miami
yes mr. Rogers yes you think there's any connection sir let me ask you something
let me ask you a question yes sir are you listening to this show yes sir okay
do you think there's any kids are you under the age of a hundred yes okay you sure about that
i am very sure okay do you want to hear my question i'm listening all right do you think there's
any connection i'm a dolphin team the the fact that the coach has a restaurant and a bar and
hotel and the star quarterback has a bar be sure for right the duties on the football
no they don't do no duties on a field we have an open line and date 751 and what's going on in
broward what is that it's like a big vacuum there in the middle of our phone bank you don't
think they could be messing around with the central office over there Miami shores again do you
i do i'm confident i have no doubt see it didn't make any difference what kind of phone system we have
because all the phones still go through that same place there and the guy over there hates us like
poison and he sits in there like the boy in Holland with his finger on the die call day
here's a mobile in Miami hello nale yes sir how you doing i'm good got a story for you okay i'm sitting
at the very fish rally coming over right cars are backed up all over the foot schools though
i see this idiotic bitch sitting there screwing the security guard so let's run a fairy she gets
across a fairy she runs a red light cop pulls her over and you never guess who it is
you left me on the ferry somewhere no me on the theory is i don't i'm not following this story
okay i'm on the ferry at fish ryle coming across she gets off the ferry it's on the ferry after
screwing everybody to sit in line for testing it okay she gets off the ferry she runs the red light
when you come off the ferry cop pulls her over you never guess who it is
who the cop is who the cop pulls over Gloria estifon Sally fit no not old Sally
i'm telling you potato faith Sally you got to be kidding it's a great fort or Lexus
and he's still sitting there giving her the ticket i'll be damned i guess you must have been late
through a lunch and date with Randy Rose either that or she was in a hurry to get her apparatus back
oh hi Neil nice show okay thanks bye bye i have no idea what he was talking about but had something
to do with Sally's apparatus boy that was a good fruit man that was great what did he call
out again we don't know so what was the up chuck with the juice what did he say what's he doing
he's bringing you some juice when every day oh every day he's going to bring some juice too well
wouldn't that be nice you know we're trying to put this guy in a map he's in a horrible neighborhood
he's got a great establishment he's a super guy although when you when his son handles the
lunch arrangements we usually will wind up a lot better off i don't know why that is because
sonny just won't follow instructions here's a mobile and Palm Beach at a brower line with
alozaad what is that a mobile and Palm Beach on a browered line so that's what the browered
lines are for is for anybody else who can't get in because all the other lines are tied up
use browered because they're back into it again they're getting ready for an exciting new year
on this show and on this station five two four nine four six three
nothing going on in your lives in browered i didn't i ask about the health food store on the
sawgrass wouldn't did somebody call you and tell you about that no it's amazing to me though that
when i mentioned about suds in the start track tape and he called George to say he's already got
it and give it away and within moments within seconds there was some lady on a phone although she
was indeed one she she was indeed thank god she was indeed because if she would have been in
browered i'd be psychotic oh you got something free to give away he sure i'll take it i'm on the
phone like in a second here's a mobile in Palm Beach yeah Neil yes sir you're god yeah you're
god what do you want quit sucking around what do you want i i watched deceived i've been trying to
get her for like two weeks after i heard you uh talk about how great it was you watched what the
movie deceives with goldie hon with great great movie absolutely unbelievable did you see shattered
now with time bear in your good movie is it but just to forget about the voice okay hey not only
are you god but don't you and the dolphins are uh god's as well on the field and yeah they're
gonna go to the super ball and get there at their go into the bowl you're right have a great day pal
i guess so they passed the prosack out for the holidays huh we have an open line in tampa and
fordmeyer's and insane peat and in queer water one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three
here's my Amy hello hello Neil huh man i'm confused what
yeah okay you got your finger in a dike on a fairy right okay just wanted to clear that up yes and
you're squeezing the fruit yeah all right hey you're getting bad information Neil i saw a few good men
yeah good movie all right what do you mean i'm getting bad information i said i said i know i did
not i said some people said it was great and some people said it was boring and terminal well
this people said it was great okay i mean it just builds and builds and builds and then you allow
exactly a real jack Nicholson why because you were watching tom cruises that was building the
excitement for you uh oh yeah i think we got to the bottom of this now oh yeah short phone call
okay before we could trace it so did you ever bring me a match or what besides your ass in my face
did you ever bring me a match open line and date seven five one nine four six three the nothing
worse than a guy gives you cigar and knows you have no matches then let's just sit there and
fiddle around with it all day or who's like this ad on rich lures that was not a bad show there
night for the only thing that makes me nauseous is when these people oh how come you're not on
every night oh yeah why why do people have to do that why can't you just be like regular
why do you have to always suck around no matter who it is like when Ed Till was on who was an
abortion he was talking like that he was he was doing rocket roll talk throwing out 80 million
topics and dying with every one of them doing topics no less on this station we don't give a crap
if they have a tax on milk or on your ass in Chicago okay i just go back there and don't ever
darken our door again and how Bob Green allows boy Gary to just destroy this radio station is a
mystery we're gonna have a clandestine meeting one day during the new year like right after the
first of the year seriously we're all gonna rent a room we're gonna charge it to the company
and we're gonna rent a room at the Hilton or one of these at the Marriott and we're just all
we're gonna not show up one day and we'll let them sit here wondering where everybody is and we'll
have our own clandestine meeting and try to figure out what the hell is going on in this place
and what who's a picture is boy Gary's god he must have pictures of the sisters
i'm serious it got to be i mean his pictures they got to go all the way to the top because how he
could still be here and how he could put this guy on doing a production i mean the whole sound
of the station has changed man as they say in the sausage whatever shop it's taken a turn for the
worst it sounds like crap this is w i with d we just got rid of zagaki who was the only dead head
we had on the air we stayed d w i d we just got rid of him so now we got a production guy in
who's got like a big bossy dead voice that would sound like zagaki with a ball with bigger uh
pals god ten thirty six on the i od network and catch the latest news from the six ten
w i od news center each hour plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast
it's a motor city morning with big bird and then you keep it you 95
20 till noon in the w i d so mic the board op lift me these carts with those jingle where
the hell does he get this stuff because those are like virgin quality
wow
morning
with great speed
and you keep 95
and then there's w l s
and
radio
890
he must be in the jingles i guess everybody who's like blind mic is in the jingles
my my
eleven forty at w i od here's a lady mobile in hollywood
i kneeled did you ever get your water softener fix
yes the day that i went crazy on the year about it that afternoon he came out with an 80 pound sack
and he stuck her right in my later yeah oh because i was going to say i don't know why anyone
didn't suggest it or maybe i didn't hear it but i have my colligan guy comes out to me every month
yeah he comes out in services you every month
yes and changes my salt wow what a guy i mean i pay maybe twelve dollars a month or twelve
dollars every eight weeks but it's definitely worth it's what i don't have to worry about it
right and so your skin isn't like kicking off your head like mine has been
well i'm glad your skin's good and happy holiday and the same to you okay
have a good one bye bye two open lines to both and bro and i'm going to get the card out
against not worth it five two four why why waste the energy
keep coral hi Neil yes happy new year from cape coma and happy new year to you sir
happy as it gets over there no it's happy i have no anyone mentioned the ending of the Malcolm X movie
oh that's because most of us haven't seen the beginning or the middle either
oh you'll see the ending when they disclose who murdered him yeah it was mother f mother s
mother f mother f
let me ask you something are you when you're making this call are you worrying the
sheater is that hang it on the line out to dry it's on the line it's on the line yeah
open line out there it keep coral man mother f as in mother burger is that what he's trying to
say very weak materials say even joy wouldn't use that although he called his mother again the other
day was yesterday or sat Saturday i guess called his mother again on the year oh god get a life
already will you two open lines i guess they need the card uh-huh i guess they need the card i
guess we better slow down a little bit slimy pig heads what the hell is that oh somebody's playing
fast and loose with my cards again slimy pig heads okay we had another exciting weekend here at
w-i-o-d they're playing with the oh look at this look at this here's a label that's been swapped
so look at this George it's been done so poorly that the remnants of the previous label are still on
it so we've had another exciting weekend here baseball is about going to the ballpark and watching
a ball game it's not none of this money financial crap baseball is about going to the ballpark and
watching a ball game crap crap crap crap
that was the errandi broward card used to be or at least that had that has the label on it
so we've had another for reactive weekend here at w-i-o-d
what is this one say slimy pig heads that's the slowbroward
huh i wonder what what else is back here wonder how many others they've patched you around with
over the weekend no i just the paper didn't patch you back okay say to pay how about this w-i-o-d
what do you want oh now how about this pass me some of that cool i'd watch it no didn't patch
you around with that how about this that is a bunch of shot you can say that again how about this my
butt is very very sore oh okay so they're back at it again the children are playing when the rats
away the kids are playing here at w-i-o-d your radio playground for the 90s where the programming
people in the management don't complain about them because they're oblivious they're in another world
we have an open line two of them in broward five two four here's a mobile in what is that
sinko house by you hey i'm going to know how you doing guy great guy i'm using my phone i'm
up here and sinko the bayou near haggle and air force space sinko the bayou yeah you coming in
pretty good over here on six twenty great yeah you're loud and clear loud and queer this the way
we like it yeah just to wish you a happy new year are you rarely call you yeah and the same
to him just checking the cart don't take that personally sir okay i guess he did i guess he took
it personally well if you want to take it take it any way you can open line out of town at 1 800
red 944 w-i-o-d as they continue poaching around and here playing their games how about this one
you ever smoke pot you know i don't have the answer i used to know it and i don't know it there is
there is a formula but i don't know what it is let's see what about i bet you this one's been
tamper with i just have a feeling love your show now you love you love you okay we're all right
here's a mobile in four-letter our lonebroward call hello hey took you long enough
i beg your pardon that took you long enough okay all three broward lines are wide open now five two four
nine four six three it's eleven forty six let's do candle on the starline hello hey
how you doing pretty good that's good let's happy new year to you and the same to you sir
yeah understand you're looking at getting the vegetarian thing and there's a place on north west
seven avenue and a hundred thirty first he called uh sprout delight sprout delight yeah and they make
all the veggie burgers and stuff they're really good really yeah it's right up there on north west
seven the hundred thirty first street on the corner okay i just want to let you know about that and
like i said wish you happy new year i want to call robin beast a douchebag if i may okay thanks for
the info pal you have a real good one we have an open line on the starline at star io d it's eleven
forty six on the io d network join us this afternoon beginning it to for those wild and crazy
guys rick and suds and at six it's sports star six ten
he went away and you went around robin me i've been on it i wouldn't go out with you
he's the thing that just worked very nice
my boyfriend flag and you're gonna be in trouble
hey no hey no my boyfriend bag
when you say your common better hat out on the double
hey no hey no my boyfriend bag
you've been spreading the smell that i was untrue
hey no hey no my boyfriend
i'll look out now baby because he's coming out to you
hey no hey no my boyfriend bag
he got the tube and triumphant
the tomb will be k1 he's a god but so long time
hey no hey no my boyfriend
he's back and he will be divine
hey no hey no my boyfriend
when you're gonna be there you will never fall
hey no hey no my boyfriend
cuz he's fine he'll pay he gets you back and sits in strong
hey no hey no my boyfriend
he'll be here now if i wasn't cheating
you're gonna take a beating you're a big boy
now but he'll catch you down the farm
i hate you i hate you and i'll you just pick up a lie
my boyfriend bag you've been saying my reputation
hey no hey no my boyfriend is back
so why don't you be like yesterday on your permanent vacation
hey no hey no my boyfriend
i can see him coming
cuz he really better get your teeth and start running
you're a big boy now but it'll catch you down his side
cuz like me he's attached to your guts and all your hateful lies
my boyfriend back there's gonna be such a lot of trouble
oh
my boyfriend back yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
my boyfriend back yeah yeah yeah yeah
my boyfriend back yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
oh i don't make sure
i don't hate you because i hate you because i hate you
don't talk to her
god will you come back
bye bye
you come quickly i'm thrilled
here he is
believe it
but i don't feel like a human being
here
look 53 what do you want
boy that brings back some big fat memories
yes i haven't heard that like in about three or four years
why are you on the ear here now
don't say any names or nothing
okay
so anyway i was calling to let you know about the perfect juicer
yes you've got to you've got to get this kind
yes because my mom's gone through like a dozen of them
yes and this is a commercial one
yes it's called champion i already had one of those years ago
and you didn't like it um i don't know i forget
well she's got a new one it's all steel and it's
horizontal instead of standing straight up
yeah so it does always a lot easier horizontal in standing straight up
and it does she says it does something that the enzymes don't break down as fast
because it's horizontal yeah she must have forgotten to take her juice before you
were born
which reminds me i went into a store to get one of those
yes and i i can't get any information on anything i asked if there's a
health food store in a sawgrass which you think immediately
since the broward lines are open all day long anyway
somebody would just have the decency to call it say yes or no or maybe or
something or nothing i can't i can't find a place
that has anything this weekend i went out to get a
no to the unicorn this weekend i went out to get a toaster oven which is
really not like you know shouldn't be that tough to find
couldn't find one anywhere wow a toaster oven like a little one you know a toaster
oven is like real eighties that's why
no what the hell is that mean it means like people don't buy those things anymore
that's like buying of you know like a transistor radio nowadays well then what do
you buy i don't know you get like a muffin heater or something a
muffin heater muffin heater
isn't that what he said he said i'm muffin heater
so i meant to tell you i took the vet up to north florida what vet what a
wonderful ride well you bought a vet i'm here i'm about seven months ago that's
right well did i tell you or what tell me what that it's the greatest car on the road
well after i bought it i left a message on your machine and i parked it outside one time
park it outside where your house like three in the morning to show you to show you how nice it was
yeah in the vet too you must be a product of all that juice that your mom drank uh-huh
so anyway i was going to say it was like so now that you've had that little ownership change over
there are you permitted that what can we say your name on here all i don't know well that was
going to talk about that i heard you on the radio i never would have dreamed that i would have
heard you in milton yeah it was great it was real fuzzy and noisy but i could still hear you
fuzzy and noisy and milton and it sounded like you were speaking Spanish but it was your voice
yeah well i was in that movie shattered i was tom bearinger's original voice
well thanks for the information you were about to tell me that you went to try to find a champion
juicer and you couldn't find one anymore so the guy came up to me he says can i help you sir
and i says i'm looking for a juicer and he says well i'm roman catholic what's the matter i'm not good
enough for you
must have heard ed till this weekend huh no tolly oh joy okay okay Dave thanks a pile
bye enjoy your vet bye here's a lady in forts myth arkansas
who's probably gone because it was on her dime she's gone hello
oh
gone want to make sure you're gone she's gone thank god why do these people call from like
galaxy and golf port it's not interesting they have nothing to say it's like oh well look
where we are well fine stay there we don't care it's terminal
so who do you think was in here potching around we had a long three day weekend god
only knows what can happen by next monday with all the security we have around this place
you need to say something to these people oh no can't do that can't put a lock on that door
can't you know keep a list who's naughty and nice of course when joey and bill marcia
are in the building it's a miracle we have any cards left although i certainly wouldn't want to
point the finger at him or anything else boca hello yes yeah i got some information on that
health store and sogret yeah i think there's one of those fancy three letter chain
no no and that that's all that said mr the plastic store yeah i don't like that
now i guess it's a very in two weeks now yeah how you doing doing pretty good i feel so much
healthier yeah in just a week i feel healthier until i come into this place
then i realize that's a mental thing that's sick of being carried out of McDonald's unconscious
right so i hear you're calling the dolphins all kinds of namsan i just want to join in
because because your honesty honesty compels you to say that they suck and you're right i love them
but they just suck right that's right i don't really think any a fc team can be an fc no it's been what
nine years you know on a given day if we spike their coffee or something you never know we might be
able to work it out yeah when it down work it out maybe the dolphins can win the super bowl by
default maybe we can put some 49er uniforms on out there and the people really believe it
yeah until we fall over trying to tackle them well listen stick to it man okay and have a great
new year you too okay we have an open line in the out of town line there one eight hundred nine how do
you like that got to get a guy from bokeh to call to tell me about the health food store in a
sawgrass which is a like sunrise amazing and that about those browered people north Miami
meal yes how are you okay any of the everybody told you're a douchebag like i am yes
yeah what do you think about that game on this weekend with a dolphin what do i think about one
but a dolphin game the dolphin game yesterday yeah what it what is kind of a question is that what
do i think what is there to think it was nauseating nauseating it was revolting it was disgusting it
made my stomach churn it made me want to vomit all over the carpeting that's good yeah one second
we have an open line in day seven five one and that's the guy that's still playing grab ass with
his boyfriend from last Thursday don't you remember that tape it tape it yeah to his leg
and one open line in the out of town line one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three
don't forget Camelos house now our total today eighty eight thousand six hundred and fifty five
dollars and if you'd like your best and eels to see you or a tape or t-shirt or rickian suds
all you have to do is pick up that phone toll free for the entire state that eighteen tea
Camelos house hotline number right now one eight hundred eight five two oh oh six
this is south florida's news traffic and weather station used to our gradios six ten
w i o d by any fort letter dale and the palm beaches
way off sir way off this oh
used to our gradios six ten w i o d presents the neo-rodger show to talk with neo-dial seven five
one w i o d from date in broder five two four w i o d outside the three oh five area code toll free
one eight hundred nine four four w i o d and both sample ability customers make it a free call by
dialing star i o d now the neo-rodger show on new star gradios six ten w i o d you know what i'm
trying to say there is no natural inflection he's like a machine he never pauses there are no
commas there are never take a breath it's like it's like a voice that's coming out of a machine
and not a good one either there goes that is bob green here today by the way i see his doors closed
up there is he is he ever coming back oh man at least a Titanic i think the captain was still on
there when it went down wasn't he he was still on there until a first hole until the first
leaks sprung and they said okay good luck guys start that music up
anyway here's a lady in fortsmith arkansas again hello yes hi hi hey i heard you're on a vegetarian diet
now you don't eat me what are you doing calm from fortsmith arkansas oh i just i just had to talk to
you my brother and a lot we have an open line in broder five two four nine four six three
she was in fortsmith arkansas like i'm in uranus okay
now why go through all of that how many times did she call
to only twice well that's good i would hate to have her waste the extra time here's uh Miami
hello why do you keep knocking rick waiver let's go to a Miami hello hello yes
hey nil yeah i got a friend who's got a big farm on west statement i'd like to get you
let's go to a tampa hello nil yes hey what's up how you doing uh first thing is i didn't hate those
tapes from sixty eight over here yeah but first all of us people that work late those are great tapes
i don't mind the tapes from six to eight i mind the tapes on the weekend and late at night and
over and over and over i don't mind the tapes from six to eight i have no problem with that
oh that's good because uh i don't usually get out of work for six and uh i'm telling you i
i came from sir sir tampa and let me tell you you are so much better in those dopes that uh
nine seventy well afl is just a very boring station and i guess there are a lot of boring people
over there because they still do very well now that's fine we're not looking for their audience
their audience are people are into stuff that went out with high button shoes
well i just want to let you know those tapes are good don't cut them out okay
got me and then one other thing yes um i was listening to randia last week now she was coming
for suds yeah i thought that she only got the purses from uh eight to eleven but man i'll tell you
she gets some seriously ill people on that show well that's what it's all about
that's why we're here talk to those this is an outlet
they were telling us they could be knocking at your door right now every other call with her is
some guy hot breathing hot heavy i think it's like six well that's what happens when you put a
female voice on the year even if it was a voice coming out of a machine it would it they just
a lot of desperate guys out there i'm telling there must be man because uh every other call is
somebody who wants her or something i don't know where do like i said desperate have a great
new year you to see a boy boy open line of dates seven five one and one on the uh florida wats
as in one eight hundred nine four four here's naples hello niel yes hi um i'd like to say hi to
all the guys at the clay place the what clay place the clay place yeah the halazan oh miss it
it's a place where they use clay and they make they make clay fish yeah and um i like to call
Jim Kurt Danny okay let's go to a Jupiter on the starline hello
now i thought we were punching up Jupiter wrong planet helendale hello hi niel how you doing okay
down from Toronto run this this our man uh i said we're really doing today you you really are
eh and down from Toronto how the leaves do it they one last night six to three in St. Louis
and Saturday of course they got their ass whipped by the red wings five to one uh they still got
Felix the cat play in that now they have the great fewer there they're back to the fewer back to
the fewer you know years ago you had a song called the candy bar wrap or something the five right
long gone long gone when i was a laundry well i see can i yeah are you gonna have the new year show
you had last year natalie woulda went out with the tie am i gonna have a new year show i'm not
having i'm gonna be here on new year so on December 31 last year you played all the cards all day
i did it's of a break yeah sounds really good to me in fact we might we might prime up for that
right now be a good time to get started it was a great day can i call someone to do
back sure my brother law rob the tv hog and douche bag okay see you at the garden hey okay bye bye okay
10 after the hour we have an open line and broiled five two four nine four six three let's just
take like thousands of calls today just like we did last Thursday Cooper city hey niel this is
didn't come see me you need a toast for oven you need you sir that's right i should have
gone over because i don't want to go over there during the holidays are you crazy i'm gonna go to
overdue brands mart on the holidays right right we was in there like a day before christmas
probably looking for a deal no doubt he's not he's not a bad guy yeah okay just keep saying that
i told him when he was in an interesting story about the ticket offense team member when you
in last time i asked you for the number yes remember gonna sound like i'm knocking him but wait till
the end it's got a very happy ending oh that's good because that's the next spot coming up here in
about 20 seconds after you say goodbye oh boy okay uh real quickly um i uh dating i contacted them
and they sent me a little letters you know that i have to fill out the information yeah and then i
got a thing from the court saying when i have to appear and they never they never got back to me
so i call them like the day before i have to go to court i says you guys know i have to go to court
you're gonna be there nobody called me up but ask any questions and i go well we will never
notify they go but okay you know i was because i got into an accident they go okay well just
go there and and your lawyer will meet you there so i went there and and she showed up and it
was since it was an accident case um it turned out she was defending me and she was defending the
guy i got in the accident with he happened to call him up and must have heard your spot called him
up and got the same exact lawyer that i did and i was like freaking out and uh what she was really
cool she handled it great and she want him getting us both off so she got you both off on and the case
too incredible and no extra charge exactly bring me my bucks man i can't beat that even a
Kathy's house without any discount so i want to tell you if you if you need anything um well with
someone knocking like uh we we carry like the panasonic juicers and you do yeah i have a
can't with panasonic with number one rated by consumers it's really good it's a good machine
it's not expensive well i'm coming over today i'm over today i'll be there today i'll go
okay huh did you write on the phone right why did you write on your cordless that's in fact i want
to get another one of those for mommy i'm see me okay all right thanks her yeah later
there you go just go over to branch mouth it they'll take care of we have two open lines
you're both in brodered five two four nine four six three it's 12 after noon on the i.o.d network
oh miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news information trends and what's happening
this Saturday and Sunday morning right here okay
hi this is Jim love your show neo love you love you look over and fails it's a nerd it's wing
more now no it's plastic man the loudest man and radio plastic man with his faithful sidekick the
hipster fight radio personalities sales managers and clients in their never ending struggle to
increase sales build their fortunes and maintain that close-up smile this week plastic man in the
hipster arranger remote broadcast well looks like that time again time to go out and explore strange
new ways to build the client at a dough golly plastic man do you think we can do it half-faith my
little friend if there's money to be made we'll be there later that day with a client
when you see it like this you pay us lots of money and we'll see to it that neo roger
comes to your house to sing the star-spangled banner at your kids little league game where I don't
know plastic man do you think need or do it no problem I have that man right where I want him
I'll just use my close-up smile to persuade him to do it and if that doesn't work we can always
send the hipster after him pedal drive him nuts holy annoyance plastic man that's just
straighting him out okay wiggle outside join our super zeros next week when you'll hear them say
to our traffic department hey good looking what's it gonna take to move some spots around the
adventures of plastic man in the hipster plastic man in the hipster action figures hold separately
okay we just took a poll into building and the verdict is unanimous man he is the one that's
messing with our carts 12 17 we have a couple of open lines and I'm not going to give a
brown because it's a waste of time hi alia hello hey what's up how you doing hey you know all
like when our senior half-toddard like it was real cool every watch and after a while that's
pretty old right but don't you get the idea that like we can start this pretty much getting
no I sure don't we have an open line and date 751 I'm I will never ever I'm going to tell you
this right now I will never ever ever on this show as long as I'm here which could be almost to
the end of this week listen to a call like that this this crap of calling it's so childish and
so juvenile and so embarrassing if you don't like their show nobody's going to hold a gun to your
head make them listen I like their show a lot I love Randy show love Randy show a lot and if you
don't like that show or this show the best thing to do is find something else to do with your time
okay but if you have a problem call them and tell them don't tell me I'm not interested in hearing
about grow up cross brings yeah how you doing okay all right you're a mention about a juicer
you're talking about I don't have the champion juicer you've been talking about yeah I use I've
been using that about four years now and um well there is no better I'll tell you the difference
like what he was talking about like in brands might with the panasonic the difference is the
beginning on champion you've got a third horse power motor yeah okay that that probably weighs
three times as much as the whole juicer he's talking about yeah so there's I've been using that
about four times a day for a whole how come consumer reports rates the panasonic number one are
they just full of crap they get paid off or something they probably don't rate these because like
this juicer here retail for about between one eighty five to two twenty five and they're used mainly
and natural food stores right yeah I used to have one years ago but then like most other things
it went the way the way well there's one by like acne right it is very similar but the difference
with the with the champion is you can close off where the the screen is where the juice comes
so you can close that off they have a little thing for it never a little thing do a little thing
there and what you can do is you can cut up fruits and stuff like apple stuff like that cut them up
and run it through and it comes out like a yogurt and then you just freeze it and you can any of
those can turn into a yogurt and where the other juicers don't have one yogurt I don't want yogurt
I don't want puree I don't want I don't want his juice right why why why do you some everyday
why I take like four and I don't want to have a thing that when I put a banana and it spits it
out the back and like just waste the whole banana no no like with a with a like I want a thing
everyday where I put in carrots celery a little bit of beef and a little bit of parsley like for
potassium and you run it through there and it makes an attaste like just like a carrot drink
and that's what I drink three four times a day and this champion juicer has such a huge they give
you a 10 year warranty with it and I guess the one of the store that I go it's I didn't
use to advertise the army navy store up on 441 and the army navy store I don't think so okay
there's an army navy surplus you buy your juicer at the army navy surplus well right on 440
probably get your produce there too right on 441 across the street these are probably fruits
that were discarded by the military what he sells the champion juicer for cost yeah I don't know why
but I bought it from him for $184 yeah and I don't know why he does that I guess maybe
he could get business in there but he's had one eleven years and he's never had a problem with
it and the difference is is that's a real that's like a commercial type juicer right they're not
got these 49 59 89 dollars users I had one of those from bird eyes and it lasted me six weeks
I took my Vitamix that I've had for years I took it yesterday and put the banana in there because
my other one is broken that piece of crap that juice man too right and I cut up some apple I mean
I sliced them up and I put them in there and the thing went around and around and the apple
just like stuck in there didn't do anything well no on this champion juicer the way it's set up
if you put apples it just everything goes through if you see the way it is and it runs
and then all the pulp is held in the screen and all the juice runs through yeah and then
then all you do is you take the head off so to speak and then you just clean it out when
in doubt clean it out okay okay go with that thanks a lot have a great day boy so Adam says
man he definitely is the one that's making a row with the carts in here 12 22 what you just got
you saying that don't say stuff behind people's back and then deny it Adam 12 22 on the iod
network here Chuck Meyer Joey Reynolds Tom Hopkins Giammandage and Randy Rose right here
boy this is what a place 12 25 on your heartless and obnoxious radio station W IOD so
Mitch Lewis our other production ace just stepped in here during the break to give me the
exciting news that he's also being bounced out because they're bringing out hot 105 a bunch in
here so I guess their this station is going to sound so bad that I have no words to describe it man
it's going to sound like puke and this is the way they always do it but you've heard me talk about
this for a four and a half years now there's no point even repeating it they just continue defying
the odds continue baffling the experts by grasping defeat from the jaws of victory as only they can do
and this is the same company by the way that put David Paul on your in Atlanta on a 50,000
mod radio station unbelievable yeah Miami hello hello yes sir hey Neil how you doing pretty good
listen Neil I got a question I got to ask you about that damn arena I just want to know like if
you notice whenever he throws an interception he just kind of runs out of the way and directs the
interceptor right into the end right what how do you explain for that well because he's polite
let's go to a Tampa hello hello yes sir can you hear me yes okay friend of mine ask me a question why
are you talking so loud okay friend of mine ask me a question yeah and it's a funny question
but he says before I ask it he says I'm going to have to tell you that little suck on your subconscious
till you find out and damn it be a bright so this is funny as hell but I'll pass it around you
and anyone else is listening does Rush Limbaugh will you box assurance or jockey shorts I just
think about it yeah and just how about how about a pup 10 okay thanks a lot we'll think about it
we have an open line on our Tampa online 1 800 944 9463 I'm going to think about that all day you
know what the more I think about it the funny rickets oh boy they are sure easy to please over
there aren't they there's something piece of work lottery hill how you doing happy new year and
the same to you okay I was in Houston on business and they gave us you know I watched the gang last
night with all these people getting hurt right and I was in Houston and they gave us a tour of the
Astridome and they took us down onto the field yeah I was in shock this thing is concrete with like a
quarter inch of indoor outdoor carpeting with a flap over zippers they zipper it in in sections
it's like playing flopp over there zipper yeah they got a flap over there but the point is if
somebody's guys get hurt on the damn zipper when they slide on it yeah but other than that it is
it is like playing in a school yard I split playing on concrete and and I don't know how these
teams play indoors and and have these high-value players getting murdered and torn up on this
Astridome it is it is really amazing that the well how many high-valued players did the oilers ever
have they had you know roaring well you know and you want to handle all Campbell at the long time
ago I can't think of any other ones yeah but he got busted up on that no a lot of outstanding
defensive players in a good days they got busted up on that yeah and the Astridome never had any
high-paid players well look around them right okay have a happy new year just I'm amazed that
the teams who wouldn't want to protect their investment and have play on grass okay bye-bye see you
I think our team is playing on grass I think they're smoking it heavy duty I mean like like they're
rolling up the newspaper I heard they used the Boston Globe before the game yesterday in the locker
room and just rolled up like five gigantic big ones and we're like passing it around before the game
we have an open line on the star line at star i.o.d oh look at that here he is straight from
Malayklin into your radio I was out running around in Lakeland this morning in the car and I got
back in the car and as I got in the car and turned on the radio I heard Captain Dave just the tail
end of his call just the tail end yeah well what was going on what do you say what was going on
well why did he call to Tommy that his mother had a champion juicer and he was tried to buy one
and he drove up to Tallahassee and his he's up to Milton and his vet and how great the drive was
and nothing oh just a typical Captain Dave oh was a juicer call yeah it was like he puts
mong in the juicer right it comes out smelling like ivy right I have an Osterizer by the way
do you yeah excellent yeah an Oster juicer yep yeah I choose do you yeah yeah great
but you still eat meat oh yeah a lot of it yes yes I do why good question habit yeah by habit it doesn't
taste that great over the week over the holiday week in the ele uh watch the movie called a kiss
before dying great movie no terrible movie outstanding movie with Sean Young and uh
oh tremendous movie did not like it uh but I I was made to it was a great movie now it wasn't
about how he knocked her off the building didn't like it oh that was a great movie of course you
liked the uh the primo car nera movie or whatever the hell it was what was that movie oh whatever
that boxer was uh what thought was his name the Robert de Niro movie oh Jake Lamada primo car nera
were they all about what primo car nera okay you just don't know your boxing uh true Carmen
Basilio but I was amazed at when you were on a phasio why you were on a colola
karmic sermon Gibson a kiss before dying and people buddy Beaumont were calling up about it
Carter the ignorant the movie ignorant audience did not tell you that this is a remake
a remake of what of a 1956 movie a kiss before dying yes with Robert Wagner which was pretty
pretty good movie but not a great movie yeah but this was just a remake of that movie I thought it
was excellent no Sean Young playing a twin sisters so we got to see two bad performances by one
actress in one movie I thought that was pretty good but oh I did not like the movie at all I found
it uh why I would term it in a in a sexual how about shattered with the Tom Beringer oh after let
me I can't place that movie it's the one about where he has the accident and they have the plastic
surgery in the beginning yeah now that's decent movie is that recall but you you mean you don't
remember that movie I'm trying to think of trying to spell binding movie yeah and he keeps trying to
figure out who he is and he's having his wife is having to have it a fair with a guy who turns out
that he's the guy yeah that's a pretty decent movie but what does that got to do with a kiss before
dying well no I just saw it this weekend oh I just mentioned it because you know it just amazed me
because you were talking I mean I don't want to be consistently uh you know have bad taste well
it's just that you were talking about this movie and the people call it you know oh yeah Neil I saw
the movie great you know I swear you could go in the ear and say no they don't they they now what
it comes to movies they don't movies they're very picky about they might they like this one everybody
to call up love a kiss before dying they did like it because it was a great movie no I just
and and deceived with Goldie Hahn the what oh well what that was an ironic movie I thought you didn't
like that well it was you don't like anything that's not true what the hell do you like besides a
primo car nera raging bull raging bull shot that's what you like you haven't seen that movie
like awakening there was something there was some reason I wanted you to call today and I can't
remember what it was oh god no seriously there was something that happened yesterday I was thinking
about it was like a a hysterically funny thing and it's obviously not going to come back and then
the minute I hang up like in about five seconds yeah it's going to come back I don't I don't
remember what it was so anyway you didn't happen to catch oh it was Ed Till on over there too
this weekend I guess so I don't I don't know Friday afternoon he was yeah because he was on for
Rick and sons he was yeah I didn't listen oh god no one of you sound like you're like a
readably decent move that feel great boy you couldn't believe how bad Ed Till it frightens me yeah it
is frightening that that is that that there's no words to describe when he had the suit calling
about the new verish in ocean side new jersey and started talking about his great syntax and Ed Till
said oh you have a syntax in Florida we have that in Illinois too we even have a tax on food ha ha ha
I thought man even Joey wouldn't dig that deep scraped the barnacles that bad I mean desperate
close but you're right oh man about as funny as a broken leg god yeah well you know I just heard
this it's just a rumor it's not really basically him but I heard that somebody told me that it's
cold up north I don't know I'm not sure yeah and it's real warm down here that's the one thing he
kept saying all weekend boy the weather sure is nice here well hey Ed surprise I had the Florida
baby just a rumor yeah I'm not really sure I'm not really sure about that well I don't know if
you've been hearing the rumblings about what's going on here if you've heard the while you don't
get to hear our production George we got a piece of production like the show open the hour open
let's play that right now so that the bird and everybody in the carry way coming up tonight
today following sports dogs 610 it's the Randy Road show right here that's that's not a good one
I mean for him that is a good one they hired a guy they blew out Larry Bessel ride totally that last
way here go where is it come on used off radio 610 W I O D presents the Neil Roger show
to talk with Neil Dio 751 W I O D from date and Rowered I don't think he's ever heard this show oh wow
sounds like it sounds like somebody is standing behind him with a shotgun making him read as fast as
he can in that deep yeah lacking any personality voice with no uh with a warmth of an ice cube
and now they just blew out Mitch Lewis I can't believe that yeah so you're you should consider
yourself very fortunate to be on a long a very distinguished list I very much do and it's
really true what you said the other day if you come in like best learned you do your job but you
don't bother anybody you're out you're out you're out and that's what I come in and kiss a lot of
ass like manny and Roger you're here for life you know and Marvin I used to come in do the
job to the best of my ability and least I don't want do we have to rehash this again that's all I
have to say about it and but I did not go kiss but and so I'm gone I'm history yeah I just
related very much to what is all I know yeah that's all like I said I'm so glad I brought this
all up so how about a few good men I'm considering seeing it I haven't seen it yet
yeah and uh everybody likes it they do and everybody hates toys yeah that got that got pan so bad and
why why wouldn't it it's another ridiculous Robin Williams movie this man would such talent why
does he demean himself I guess it must be the money huh I don't know but there are just only a
couple of exceptions but I do like him much better than I like his movies yeah no quite there you
know who else is like that gene wilder funny guy historically funny guy terrible terrible movies I
mean the movies he's in our so bad you want to cry for him some of them are awful oh god he's
been in some nightmarish movie yeah he's been in some good ones but he's been in just a lot of bad
ones and he's a funny guy very funny I mean you just look at him and you start laughing because he's
just such a weird looking guy you know he's just a wacko guy I don't know what it is about right
when he says it doesn't translate on the screen no no no and I have no idea why he should stick to
it just doing it stand up because I've been he should stick to the Alex Bennett show yeah well he's
out there in San Francisco he has all those sit down comedians on he should stick with what he can
relate to oh man Alex Bennett yeah another boy gerry discovery along with the new production guy
and Ed Till and Dickie Farkel and who might leave it out and Joey Reynolds of course the red
discovery of Joey by a bio have a great week happy new year okay to you open line on the out of
line 1 800 944 9463 it's 1237 on the io d network join us this afternoon beginning and two for
those wild and crazy guys Rick and Suts and at six it's sports dogs six ten do you think he ever
farts or I mean seriously the production guy do you think he ever like does burps or farts
or like anything or pixels knows or has any kind of a human experience it just such a cold
voice the void of any warmth of any feeling but hey 1240 at w i o d happy new year from all your pals
those are the handful of us who are still left here after the gigantic Saturday night massacre man
they're blowing them out here like crazy open line of day 751 here's Naples hello
how's it Neil yes sir how you doing today okay good how you doing today
well i just let go of the walker and i powered out on my champion juicer listen i i want to make
a suggestion to you don't forget the root vegetables yeah you know that strengthen
and i wanted to suggest that you use ginger root the next time also love your feet
ginger root yeah i just a nice slab about the size of a half dollar in there and that'll give you a
nice kind of almost an a mentholated effect at the end of your your
and your thing yeah also nothing like having a mentholated thing listen and don't forget
grapes and cherries and strawberries and you know but try to combine your fruits and vegetables
so to prevent gas tritus you know yeah effectively uh-huh so listen you know it's really
interesting regards movies and is it really the same movie that we're watching
kiss before dying fantastic yeah with the mat dillon and listen i don't know who that douchebag
uh from Naples who called you last was but can you imagine some people are on your loved poise
in Naples yeah yeah that's what that's the rumor in fact we had a call from patty at patty's
place she said she's having to run on him and they know well that's something different i was
talking about robin Williams for a second terrible the worst really uh that
the previous extended call that you had there's that your movie critic he's got completely
pretty critic in lakeland he's not in Naples he's in lakeland well he's got different tastes in
the rest of the world well he has exotic taste hey listen to him down there like are you getting any
snow yeah we got like it we got about two inches right now as a matter of fact 1242 at wiod we
have an open line on the out of town line 1 800 and two and broard 524 here's a lady in plantation
hi hi i understand you're looking for a champion juicer and a one no i really wasn't but go ahead
okay so it is misinformation well somebody's trying to pedal me a champion juicer i don't want a
champion juicer okay when i can go out and get a panasonic for like under a hundred dollars i
don't feel i i'm not gonna open up a health food store okay i don't need industrial strength i
just need someone that's good that's not gonna break the first hour like that the one from the
juicy man and it's just gonna be doing a good job and very possibly dance around your um
cabinet that when they're light enough right so okay if that's what you're looking well where you're
gonna fight a champion we have a champion we have a bunch of champion juicers and now we're a
supermarket we're a general nutrition supermarket right in plantation 5,000 square feet of
fitness market and we have them in two different colors you mean in the sawgrass no we are on
a sunrise one block west of university and uh so you're eyes a block west of university
yes on the north side of the street in the public shopping center really yeah and we really we have
quite a nice place so if you're not looking for a juicer certainly you could look for a lot of
i was right to put in it and we have organic produce really yes well that's great to know because
i'm just up the street from you oh super yeah i'll be in the sea okay great thanks you're around
okay bye bye where the hell is that cart we are just the people where is that we got to play
that today we got to add a whole bunch of names to it because everybody's getting blown out of here
like we're having another hurricane boy and he said they're taking good care of them why don't
they come to me and say look we understand you're disgruntled with the fact that we're incompetent
and we've just taken years off your life what we're gonna do is write you out a check you got two
years to go on your contract we'll give you life for a year and a half we'll just write you out
a check for the lump sum now go take a couple of years off go to europe relax in like southern Italy
and Sicily go see Don Corleone see how he's feeling and uh just you know take some time off and uh
good luck to you see i know so many people in this business i mean most of them get screwed without
anything positive happening but i do know a lot of people who get paid for not working like Larry
Glick and Boston he got paid big bucks for not working for a whole year at whdh then the year
ended they can't as asked here's a pop-up hello hey Neil how's it going okay great great i'm glad
you're feeling well listen uh a couple of points i want to make one if you're looking for a good
health food store i don't know about down to my amy but here in a pop-up the best ones are run by
the seventh day advent oh huh because oh you know what i wanted to mention oh god somebody told
me on thursday to go in the supermarket and get grillers you know that they fake
I've heard of them yeah this don't ever don't ever get sucked into buying those okay
no i they taste fine and then after i had two of them for lunch i look on the back of the package
and i thought god these taste really great you know why they taste so great because 59% of the calories
are from fat oh that's no good and each one of them i think has got like 14 or 15 grams of fat
no good no good ridiculous it's all fat that's why it tastes so great and even slimy they're from
a sera's that brought us that pizza last Thursday brought that big can of stuff i gave it away
it has like 10 grams of fat per serving that's too way too much if you're going to have something
with no meat and who the hell wants all that fat exactly but go contact some day then a church
you don't have to go there for religious reasons just tell him you want to know where a good health
food store is they generally have a lot of mom and pop type for the price of their reasonable
quality their product is excellent yeah and it's and and also if you want to get some really good
vegetarian food do you have a seventh day Adventist one hospital down there like we have here
i have no idea they do go for the dining room i'm going to go to eat in the dining room in the hospital
come up here to Orlando to float a hot i'm not coming up to Orlando there's no chance i'm going
to Orlando i'm sorry i said i'll be right up it's the best vegetarian food in the world okay it's great
second i got a friend of live in Chicago i called him i said hey if you ever heard of ed swill
you said the laughing stock of the windy city
yeah yeah i got a friend that works at the classical station up there so i'm trying to get nobody will
tell me the answer to the question and maybe he made no comment about it during those three
embarrassing shows he did filling in here but why is a guy who allegedly is working on loop a
m in Chicago is he nervous huh he's not he got canned he got replaced by a game dynamed eddish
works who makes joey renoll sound like god the guy the guy in other words he got canned and he's
down here pretending that he's still working up there because he does some fluency tv show he was
down here auditioning on the year it's a cable access show that he does up there oh no
bullshot bullshot alert bullshot alert boy gary once again voiced a pile a gigantic pile of
bullshot through the uh transmitter right through the final tubes in our transmitter through the
tower into the airwaves i think that the FCC ought to come down here and investigate it
oh the guy to replace him up he's down here talking like he's a big personality up there and he's
got canned again he gets canned everywhere he goes this guy he's pathetic he's nobody oh god
he's below no bird isn't that amazing just replaced by eddish works who couldn't even talk
because i'm wondering to myself how come a guy who's on such a successful station as bad as he is
how come he's down here acting desperate like oh i'm filling in i'm sucking around i'm trying to
find a life and he's on a his his remaining job is on a cable access channel up there
yeah my friend Dennis says he is a laughing stock even the classical music stations won't put up
with him oh god that's how bad he is well it would seem it would seem to me if i were a program
director at a major market talk station it seems to me that i would make it my business to have
known who ed till was because everybody else in a business soon as they hear the name they immediately
wrote put the eb s test on and run for the hills that's what my friend Dennis that's a dentist
do it well if it's ed's will guy and he says he's a joke he is so bad yeah he said that he has a
dog that can do a talk show better than ed's will yeah well i'm bringing in my dogs next holidays
to fill in i guess we're that desperate by the way speaking of dog i want to tell you i
was given a dog by my roommate for for Christmas gift she adopted him from the local animal
control shelter it's a two-year-old shelter and he's the best friend i've got he's beautiful
i'm glad to tell people if they need a pet to go to animal control or one of the other
shelters like that and adopt right i'm with you okay have a great new year take care about see you
yeah i was having a chat with my golden retriever the other day and i mentioned ed till's name
and he broke out laughing he was his he was rolling on the floor started scratching all over
we have an open line on the out of town line one eight hundred nine four four brown
it is some name you let again and i guess we can't play those brown word carts anymore because
their history once again as the shenanigans continue on here but uh... it's just it just
absolutely hopeless isn't it so sit back and enjoy it as a ted bunda used to say just sit back
shut up and enjoy it twelve fifty on the i.o.d network don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the
latest news information trends and what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here
you know fat rich reminds me of my mother no shot share a lot
young man running up and down courts i love young man wearing really tight shorts
they're so sweaty when they come to the air and they don't have an underwear hey hey
and read it's time again for some great and be a can't wait to watch a mold
and be a
and be a
think it's all gonna watch a play
ball i'm so happy that it's
the ball is time i can't put some great and be a can't wait to watch a
more and i'll be a
and be a
and be a little bit what do you mean you're going home
for what
you're done
you're done i thought you said you were going to stay here for a while
but you mean you're done for today
you're done
micha Lewis is leaving and you're finally to the show that i said something nice about
god almighty can you imagine if i would have ripped that show again today to help crappy
i feel now god for a couple of seconds well good luck you're a great talent
you've been seriously not on that show but you're a great talent i'm serious
oh man what's going on in this place and bob green is nowhere to be found again
i thought he said he would i thought i misunderstood i thought you were going to be here for a while
until you got something else is that what you said i thought that's what you said
and then he just walks in during the break there and it opens the door and says oh they're
going to pay you for a little while well what's a little while like for the rest of the week
for a while for a while a lot
they don't have to know about that job in Chicago we won't tell we get like 20 percent good luck
this is like a nut house now this is insanity the people with the talent are all going out
and the people who like suck are coming in they're like lined up at the door okay where do we start
sucking where is that card i got to find that card we're all just people where is that i mean
never was there more a better appropriate data play it they're just blowing everybody out here
whoever had any kind of talent at all and they're bringing in a bunch of dead heads a bunch of
tomatons with this hot 105 crap so not only are a lot of hot 105 people going to be walking
in the streets looking for a job desperate standing at the soup kitchen but some of the people inside
here especially if they had any talent are going to be like long gone and especially if they ever
opened up also no wonder he ripped the hell all or he didn't know it at the time about reneri
it's a good thing he did last Saturday because i guess he won't get a chance to do it again
i always said the show is still going to be on for a while but not the next two weeks so
Mitch Lewis everybody in the audience who's like a regular who follows the goings on here the
shenanigans add another name to the rapidly growing list Mitch Lewis bites the dust
where the hell is that card don't tell me that card disappeared too wouldn't that be a strange
coincidence huh wouldn't that i think we ought to have like a congressional investigation about
that if it turns out that card disappeared too we'll find it 1257 and let's do a Miami hello
Neil how you doing okay i don't know buddy just uh and boy guy he's starting to get to me i
was i've been listening to you since 89 and i was only my third call but he is destroying he is
single handedly taking everything that a lot of people have worked hard to build and he is
single handedly turning it into a toilet into an outhouse it's the legacy of the drawing it that's
right it's like the leftovers from disney and we got a new general manager who never even shows his ugly
face in the building he's never here ever he's never here where are you Bob green yeah where the hell
are you Bobby i can't believe it i gotta say that beyond those ulcer inducing dolphins i mean he
even did you can even feel boy carry touch there he that sports guys are leaving he's got Kim bum
camp around there and he would he was i like him but boy last night doing it alone so to speak after
the game did you hear that oh yeah oh kind of lost like the land of the lost he's on Henry again i
mean i like Henry i know he bought his bottle room for sure again and it's just driving me crazy
Neil i'd like to call somebody a douche i thought he said suck up isn't that what he said i thought
but i wasn't positive so just to be on the safe side because you might have said the burger i'm not
sure we have an open line and day seven five one one he might have said that it's
much as anyway we also have one of the four Myers lines waiting on you there it's a hell of a day man
it's the holidays right hey there's nobody around let's just lose the god damn license
screw them and teach him right boy what a place this is just it's just amazing and you get the feeling
because one of the things this company is famous for doing is getting people really
uh... agitated they don't want to come to you looking at the face say well you know you really
don't a great job but we want you to get there a lot so what they do is they get you was aggravated
and agitated as they possibly can and uh... they start leaving copies of radio and records and
broadcasting the one ads in your mailbox like is a little hint stuff like that what a lineup we
could have here i would get a joy doing the mornings again with bill marshal and ed till doing mid-day
and we could bring dicky parkleback for afternoons this is south florida's news traffic and weather station
used to radio six ten w i o d by any fort letter dale and the palm beaches
the film with the unlucky
used to radio six ten w i o d presents the neo-rodger show to talk with neo-dial seven five one
w i o d from date in brown or five two four w i o d outside the three oh five area code toll free
one eight hundred nine four four w i o d and both sample ability customers make it a free call by
dialing star i o d now the neo-rodger show on new star gradios six ten w i o d this is the
neo-rodgers one to two hour you got a problem with that
not a name
Alex Bennett Steve Kane Nick Lauren Scotting shape and mic glorious got swarge
Herman and Mcbeam gale bright Coleman Chandler sandy deal eight four wasn't
when wild Steve's death don't forget Bill why
hi chairman honie johnny dole and alien fc name is cobo and hummus and major darsie mack and
tire the prize very Larry final coming for Sharon Francis Joan hands sister squeeze your land
the barra park oh we can't forget the people though we try to hide them and forget we knew them
they used to work inside us even though this time they made us lose our minds and we bear with
Alprent and being Gary Bruce Jeff Clark Johnny darken Joseph Gackie and Goldberg Mc Green Marvin
woman we stuff me Lewis Quinn and we're still forgetting between these aren't all the people
who are still here working and Neil still working we are all the people who are out there giving
just a major ending i would like to eliminate rabbit
let's have a die
and we're out there giving just a major living we are all the people 107 at W.I.O.D. I guess I'm
missing a boat here today huh I'm missing something really a big time that we ought to have on an
endless loop it would be appropriate for everything that's going on inside the building and be
appropriate for the level of a play play in that dolphin game yesterday and now just as you'd
expect to make things perfect I can't find that either Roger I want to tell you something you're
filing system I wouldn't wish it on Genghis Khan with Eddie Cobb at the Suffolk Downs that's the
kind of filing system you got where the hell is that thing here it is that a boy Rod you're doing it man
you are really doing it of course one thing now every time you pull a car out of the rack you hold
your breath when you put it in the machine and wonder what's going to be on it
a grim day here at the heartless land of wonderful dung W.I.O.D. we have two open lines on the out of
town line 1-800-944 very light and tampon st. Pete today man they're not into us at all the
haters like poison and we have an open line in the starline Tom Velvita never called me back I
have no idea what the hell is going on over there but hey don't confuse people because it's the
holidays so don't start nitpick and leave them alone they want their 20 day busman's holiday
medley hey Neil what's up how you doing sir good good how are you great hey you know what I'm
one of those guys I used to make excuses about the dolphin fans and there were too many things to
do here in Miami to go to full-pull games you know what I was in San Francisco I was too many
things to do like what I did well you know go to the beach or go to the beach anytime they only
play eight home games a year I mean that go into the beach crap yeah you know I went to San
Francisco went to a little bit to candlestick park the place was packed you park in mud the stadium
is the toilet makes the orange bowl like look like the you know like a palace like the Taj Mahal you're
right it's a toilet the weather sucks the wind is blowing you got to you got to glue your hair down
before you go around the city and they're flashing like go-in-iners everybody's worrying about I
mean nine or something it's crazy not here we have trouble something you know but we had trouble
something out the radar game it is not I'll get used to it it's crazy it's not going to change
I call somebody a beach bag no we have an open line and day 751 and one on our Saint
Pete Clearwater connection man over there at 1-800-944-946-3 Fort Myers Neil yes sir
get down pretty good now those fins look terrible yes they did they looked embarrassingly bad
we backed into the pool we backed right into it and boy did it hurt hey I hope you didn't lose
the bridge tender when you lost those carts don't make any suggestions will you please sir
okay when you're going to do a remote over here Neil overwearing Fort Myers yeah no I'm not
going to be doing no remote in Fort Myers no no maybe maybe John McQ can dress up like me at the
flea market hey I've been listening to you since you were on Zeta remember those days I remember
those days can't go back you can't go back those were the days the bird is still in self-denial
over there in Lakeland talking about how he came in every day and did his job and that's why he
got can and just for that him and we right that was our weekly bird call every Monday every Monday
is our Lakeland correspondent our movie correspondent boy one thing it's still the same about the bird
he still wouldn't know a good movie if it slid up his nose well listen you got to listen
over here Neil believe you're not you got quite a few well at least 20 or 30 I that's the rumor
that's most of the population which is a hell of a lot more than that stations got the rest of
the algorithm to you that I can catch on on the high O.D. better than the signal coming out of
whatever the 770 thing is here no it's pitiful no oh I'm like three miles from the
get out of here we can hear 770 over here like a local in the daytime don't start that jazz
are you serious yes I am they got a great signal I know that what's his name Steve Gover probably
paid you a lot to make the call but it's not going to work have a great new year yeah two open
lines are both in a sterile 1 800 944 9463 it's 111 on the i.o.d network George
here's Chuck Meyer Joey Reynolds Tom Hopkins
Germanic and Randy Rhodes each weekend right here
WI-O-T
for all my fellow hurricane fans down the road Romans that came to gonna kick some
and then it's a 93 don't forget it when it moves it ruined my best
115 at WI-O-D on a traumatic Monday it's all I can say what else am I gonna say it's traumatic
there's just all kinds of crap going on here and there's nobody overseeing the operation and the
natives are running the asylum I think somebody we're it's like Lee Harvey Oswald remember he said
I'm calling for someone to come forward with assistance now anybody step forward step in here
before they can totally sink the ship and they got this geek this fascist in high heels running
around there in a hallway just just blowing them out of here like water through a suit here's the
lady in Miami happy holidays to this is not a lady yes it is oh it is it's a lady
people are always saying I can't do that Neil you have an atom is apple I don't okay listen I
just want to say it's dolphin sucked yesterday and I'm sure hope that they'll be able to
quietly their feces a little bit better so they can win the playoffs in two weeks but my real
reason for calling was I wanted to find out your wonderful holiday spirit if you could please play
bad blood all the way through well since you put it that way since you put it that way
oh please Neil I love that well I don't know if I'm gonna find it in time okay okay well
I mean you put me on a spot here it's 116 I would love to play it all the way through because it'll
kill some time and quite frankly after seeing what's going on in this place I'm getting in a real
scorally mood and I'm beginning to wonder just exactly what's going on there in programming if a
lot of this stuff isn't like an inside job you follow what I'm saying I certainly do now because
there seems to be a lot of crap going down here and of course when people become insecure the first
thing they do is start trying to solidify their base and some of the bassist crap I've ever seen
is going on here there's entrails all over the place huh entrails all over the place you seem to be
obsessed with entrails oh I don't know I love it but after watching the game yesterday I can
understand it have a great new year thank you sir see you
but it was you
oh
I'm
And she can't hear it's a week of night
But no, love, taboo, you've been busy
If I want to change mind, I'd want you, baby
You were afraid, right?
my strange
How you little woman like that
cheap, you like a small change
I don't understand
what you're looking to find
The only thing that I've loved you
is mess up the good man's mind
Can you talk it out your face?
Oh, the bitch is in the smile
The lie is on the lips
that you need to try
Hey, look
It's taking you all right
The only good thing that goes out
is that I'm standing aside
Run, run, run, run
Run, run, run
Run, run, run
Run, run, run, run
Thanks a lot, AB, for screwing up the show here
I can't believe this guy
AB from Sarah's is here
Don't, I don't understand
Not that we're ungrateful
but we already ate
Are you just going to start showing up here indiscriminately with food?
They
They
They what?
They're family
What's going on with this thing?
The machine won't play anymore because of you
You hear that?
Look at that
They're killing me, AB
What's going on here?
I'm sorry
Huh?
I didn't do that
No, I don't want to hear that
Just to be a nice guy
I played that was going to play that all the way through for that nice lady
That called
Right, look at that
The machine won't play it
It won't play it
Oh man, give us help
Give us strength before we sink
It's the Titanic calling it SOS
What do you want, AB?
What do you want?
Hi, everybody
Get out of here
Have a happy new year and get out of here
and take your donkey with you too
Okay, get out of here
Don't do this anymore until we, when we call you, then you can show up here
What the hell, you know, I have never seen anything like this in my life
The whole world is, you just want you to lay yourself flat and prostitute yourself for everybody
God
The hell is going on here
Walks and just walks in the door
They've got more pizza, he's got more schmapper and this
Oh, God
Yeah
The hell is going on with this guy
How much can we eat in one day?
Wanna find out?
121 on what used to be the IOD network
Coming up tonight today, following sports dogs 610
It's the Ready Road Show right here
Come on you IOD
Now we're the minute
You know you really need us
So come on now
So get up and show us
Shampoo and show us
Come on now
Come on now just know so bad
Come on now it makes me get you
I can't remember
The last time that you took your bath
Oh no, I can smell you coming
From a bottle mouth in the house
Yeah, yeah, I want you to know
I said I want you to know right now
You smell bad to the baby
Better than the cats litter box
Yeah, and if you don't get clean now
I'm gonna have to change all the locks
Yeah, yeah, yeah
You know you're really kind of roast
Say we don't get the home
Come on in you some home
Come on now
Come on now
Use for like somebody die
Skip the soap and you some type
Beowah
Beowah
Beowah
Beowah
Beowah
Beowah
I can smell you coming
From a bottle mouth in the house
Yeah, yeah, yeah
From a bottle mouth in the house
I know come on now and take your shower
Stay in the middle of the whole day
I want that
I want you
I want you
You scared
You
You scared
You
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Uh-huh now
Everybody shower now
Everybody shower now
Everybody shower now
Everybody shower now
Now
Take your shower
Hey
Get clean
Oi
127 at WIO Demos
One thing Mitch Lewis left us where they can never take away is
Oi
You said it
And I don't blame you
Here's a goofball and Pembroke pines. Hello
Hey, what's up Neil?
Yes sir. How you doing?
Okay
Listen to me
What did you think about yesterday's performance?
Sir, are you listening to this show?
Yes sir
Have you heard what I said?
Yes sir
Now why would you call and ask me what did I think about yesterday's performance?
What is there to think?
What kind of a question is that?
Sir, I want to talk about Bobby Humphrey
Yeah
What did you think?
I think you're a goofball just like George said
Only I think he was being really kind
We have an open line at Broward 524 Hollywood. Hello
Hey, how's it going?
Oh great
What in the world is going on at that station today?
It's the end of the world as we know it sir
Uh-huh
There's no one in charge. The inmates are running the asylum
They're blowing the good people out, the places turning inside out
And just when things seem to be going real well
This company knows how to turn it upside down
Just in time to say happy holiday and up your ass
Oh no, because I just, I called Mitch Saturday night on his show
And we were ranking on uh, on uh, Reneerie
And here at two days later boom
Don't worry, Reneerie is going to get his too
Huh, oh well, so what's going to happen now with night droppings?
I beg your pardon?
So what's going to happen?
Oh who cares about what's going to happen with night droppings?
Man, this guy is a great production guy and a great talent
And did some of the greatest bits in the entire building here
Right
Oh man, I'm choking on his Sarah's pizza
So what?
That's a drive, yeah, he did, he did, he did some good stuff
Yeah
That's why he's out
Uh-huh
And they're bringing back the guy that he replaced when he came here
They blew this guy out to put Mitch Lewis in here
And now they're bringing him back because he was at how 105
Oh
Yeah, exactly
Oh well
What can I tell you?
Yeah, let's just turn the whole radio station into boy Gary and his buddies
We're going to have boy Kurt and Ed Till and bring back Dickey Farrell and Alex Bennett
And all the Joey Reynolds and Bill Marshall and all the losers
Let's put Meg Green on again a couple days on a weekend for like 10 hours at a crack
Why not?
Uh-uh
All right, you have a good one
Happy New Year sir
All right, see you
From all your friends at WYOD, those few of us who are still here
Right, that's from George who wants to add his voice to the chorus of something
The chorus of Grepses
That AB from Sarah's and it's not his fault, he's not the, uh...
He's not the head, the guy over there
The head cheese
But this has got to stop, okay?
So I'm a vegetarian, all right, first of all, that the pie is very good
It's also loaded with butter, man
It's like fat, it's pure fat
And that schmopper, which I gave to George, like I told you, that can I looked on the ingredients
Ten grams of fat per serving, per serving
And that's probably for a burger the size of a bird dropping, all right?
Just loaded with pure fat, that's why it tastes so great
So what's the big deal?
The reason you don't want to eat meat, one of the main reason you don't want all that fat
So I take some vegetable stuff and just load it with saturated fat
And then say, oh, look, this is good for you, right?
Boy, here's a mobile in Palm Beach
Uh, you left out, uh, Randy Martin
Randy Martin, let's bring her back again, yeah!
Another boy, Gary Jim, Randy Martin, A, A
Has a matter of facts, sir
Oh, no, not Randy Martin again
Oh!
You are very fast on that path
Yeah, I'm fast
I'm gonna go up in Orlando last week
She blows
Well, she promised me to call and tell you that she did high
That she wanted to come, she's gonna be in Miami, she wanted to stop by and say hi
No, we don't want to see her
Well, she says she was afraid that a butt pack didn't found out she'd get trouble
Oh, she works for butt packsin'?
Yeah, well he-
Good, there is justice in the world, man, what a pair, what a match that is
Uh-huh, well, yes, she bought the station, she was that
Good
He bought everybody's station
Good, she'll be out
But anyway, she says she definitely wanted to say hi to you, as she misses you
And uh-
Well, we don't miss her
We miss her like hemorrhoids
But you did want to know if you still have that card, so I guess the answer is yes
Yeah, we got it, we got some other good ones for her too, but time doesn't permit
Alright, I'll have her send her resume down
Yeah, please
Alright, maybe she can get a two-man gig with Ed Till
Have a great life, happy new year
Two open lines are both in Broward of course at 524
This station is getting like Santa Barbara
You know how they're going off very soon, like in a few weeks, so they're killing off all the characters and the cast?
That's how WIOD is going
I mean, Justin in the last few months, like the whole staff has turned over
Turned over as in their grave
Miami, hello
Hello, Neil
Welcome to WIO Dead
First time caller
Are you doing, sir?
Alrighty, uh-
Wanna see Dolphin's talk, but nothing else isn't there
No, but it gets a little worse every week
I mean, when you're playing a Sandlot team
You expect at least you're gonna go out there and embarrass somebody
And it's not expected to be yourself
Well, that they do a good thing, doesn't that mean?
Oh, yeah, I was physically ill during that game
I was so sick I was just becoming nauseous
N orcous
Well, it makes two of us
Yeah, why did it brighten up your day a little bit?
Uh-uh
Christmas Day, I'm at a friend's house having a little get-together
Yeah
Tell me, and Waxen, no sleeves looking good
Guess who it is?
Orlando
No
Orlando Waxen, there's Strut and his tight jeans and his boots and his cut-off sleeve shirt looking great
Are you cereal?
Serial
Well, what kind of a place was this is if I have to answer?
Oh, this is just a personal friend, uh-
Yeah, yeah
Have that we hang out together
Yeah, I bet
Yeah
Orlando hangs out with a lot of people
He was at the Dolphin game, but if long as Fat Riches in there, he'd be more happy to join you
Yeah, I bet
He better be there for the playoff game, we're gonna need more than Orlando, I'll tell you that
Geez, he was ragging on me at night before they even played that
Telling me how bad they were and they were gonna choke him, he was pretty close to it
Yeah, they choked it
They only did it
Oh, he's got a lot of happy on that
And the same to you
I like it, I just want to call it over to you with a d-stag and I'm gonna show you now
Okay, see ya
Yeah, give Orlando a big kiss for it
I will
Okay, right on the pecs
We have an open line at day 751-9463 on a very, very exciting happy holidays, happy New Year type of day from your friends at the Crap Station
It's kind of like helpless, shouldn't we play that by Kim Weston? We should play helpless because it fits right in here
It's like you're sitting here and just watching the whole world crumble around your very eyes
Right Adam? Adam says so, he says he's not putting up with any more of this crap
He's going in Boy Geary's office right now and kick his bad ass, that's what he said
He said he's gonna go in there and just stick sharp objects into every part of his body
He would do it in his brain, but he can't find it
God, what a jackball, where did we find him?
Did we conduct another nationwide search to find him and keep in mind, please eat that
Get it out of here and eat it and enjoy it, it's good but it's full of fat and you're a skinny and young
Tamara, hello
Remember in God 5-3 he said, oh you're so skinny, you eat it
Okay, holy, remember that?
Yeah, look what it did to him
So enjoy it Adam
While you can, this is the only way we can get rid of Adam
Yes sir
Yes sir
Yes?
How you doing Neil?
Great
Listen, blackened is disgusting
Grotesque?
Obviously
Nauseating?
Nothing to occur
Are you inducing?
When the last time you've seen a reverse, a pitch, a sweep, anything
Remember that flea flicker we had a couple of weeks ago that was our one trick play for the year
We did that
Oh and you know what really kills me?
Fourth and two so twice in the Jets game on fourth and two we you know gambled and it was a touchdown
So yesterday we have this real big drive going there late in the game
It's fourth and about two and a half and what does he do he does the same thing again and it's incomplete
He overthrows Jackson or whoever it was and it's incomplete and then would they get the ball?
I mean how many times can you keep doing the same thing over it?
Oh so you know the idea is well if it worked once or twice let's just do it every time on fourth down
Don you need brain surgery man Gary Stevens you need a hemorrhidctomy in your forehead
Yeah no kidding
God incredible
We got to have a boy Gary go over there and run that I think that's who's running the offense is boy Gary Stevens
I believe it
Definitely needs some help
Oh man
Oh man
And Craig I went down today and I bought my shoes I have shoes and tickets but I didn't renew them like I was supposed to
So I went down and got my playoff ticket
Right
And I had a couple of friends and we're making bets on what plays are going to be called this you know the next time that the dolphin's actually play
And I bet you I come away with a lot of money
Yeah
It's incredible play after play the same repetitive third down body hump free thing
It's just incredible
Great into the middle of the line for about a half a yard in a clouded dust
Incredible
Well you got to love him anyway I love him
Yeah you got to love him especially that Pete Stoyanovitch main you got to plant a big kiss on his foot
Yeah
Because if it wasn't if it wasn't for him do you realize what kind of a year would have been oh we were probably I mean forget it we'd be in the toilet bowl right now
You got it anyway Neil you have a great holiday and you too
And you too
Same to you
Take care
Bye bye
So I guess I'm packing up my CDs into a clock huh
That's the thing everybody's packing up their stuff just in case here they have anything valuable laying around just pack it up and to put it in the car
And be ready to leave on a moment's notice
So I guess they're having their big hot 105 meet today maybe that's where it's all at because Cheryl said she was going down there today hot 105 to their place whatever they're doing over there
Just another example of what goes on and of course now they're going to say well we don't have to worry about the coast
We don't have to worry about IOD they're like they run themselves okay so now we're going to put all our energies into hot 105 and all those other people
The ten or twelve of them who are left in the AM and FM they can just they're rot they can rot and hell we don't want to hear no crap from them
Because we're too busy now trying to screw up a new radio station 137 on the IOD network plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast
141 what do you want Kathy?
Kathy?
Hi
What do you want?
What do I want?
I just want to say hello
Hi Kathy Livingston
Happy New Year and Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah
Yeah
And I wrote you a letter around the time you were in the hospital with your gallbladder without it but I never mailed it
Oh nice, I appreciate it very much Kathy
I've thought about you a lot but it's time I've tried to call on the regular Broward line it's always busy
So how's Dick Pertend doing?
Well you know I was up to Detroit twice in the last year and I've been going up just for very brief little runs
3 or 4 days and I haven't even called him
When I lived in Detroit I used to have the runs all winter
Has he called you lately?
He called me back after the hurricane and they raised a quarter of a million dollars for us which made me feel that we're really cheap down here and very insufficient
But uh...
Is the station dead?
Yeah
Right
Isn't that terrific?
Yeah
Wow
And he signed that new contract for like an excessive a million a year or something like that and he's continuing to do it
Yeah he is, he's great
Well you're great too
And I bet you they treat him with a little bit of respect up there plus he owns part of the station which doesn't hurt
That helps a lot
I'm going to come down one of these days to pick up my unbelievable t-shirt and get a Rick and Sudden
Oh we got a whole month to go so don't rush Kathy
Okay very good
Well I figured if the bird could call on the bat line so can I
Right?
He doesn't call on the bat line
Yeah George told me he did
No he does not he calls on the out of town line
Oh is that right?
Why would he call that would cost him money on the bat line
Well that's true I forgot about that well I can never get true when I try to call the regular station line
So I had to resort back
No times it tough for him over there he had to auction off the rest of his hair when he moved to Lakeland
So he can't afford to long distance call
I was thinking the only empathy he must have with the people who were fired or let go from WIOD is that fact
Not what they did while they were there
Well don't confuse him with the facts he gets very emotional
I know
I have a great new year Kathy
Now be sure if you talk to Dick Purt and tell him we're on an ever for Myers now
Yeah I'm sure he'll hear you but I will definitely love you by the high
Open line on the star line there's suds Indian giver
Indian killer
Or something like that what do you call somebody who refuses a gift
Huh?
I brought it in for you and within life
I already had it
Well so what difference does that make you already had it
You can never have too many star always good to have a spare
When you wear the oxide off the first tape you have another one hanging around and maybe it's a letter box
What movie did I watch over the weekend was it the shattered that started in letter box?
No, what I don't was it that one?
There was some movie it started in letter box and then thank God once the movie starts they open up the screen
And you don't have to watch that God there is nothing more aggravating to me that sitting at home on a big 45 inch TV set
And then have a summer letter box crap come on in you got like about a three inch picture
It's about 700 inches across but it's only three inches high
You got to like lay on the ground horizontal look at it the sideways
Four-letter deal hello
Hi Neil I have good news for you
Yes I don't know if subways still sponsor a sponsor on your show but I went there and got a delicious sandwich today
And they have their calendars with the discount coupons throughout the whole year
And it's a dollar and they don't even take the money or ring it up it goes right to Camilla
Well too bad that the Steve Perris didn't tell us anything about that
Nice job on those carts by the way, Manny
Well I was in that line I said Neil has got to know but I'm sure you know what I'm waiting about it
No I know nothing about it
Well this was at the store just on Brad Boulevard right in downtown
But I don't know if all the stores are doing it but I have no idea
I didn't want to know
Yeah well there was something supposed to happen with them and Steve Perris our sales hole never got back to me and of course I'm sure he's not around because they're all on about a two week busman's holidays
So you've got a lot of crap going on there
We have you're hit a right on the head sir you don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out we got a lot of crap going on here
Not much else but a lot of crap
Is the end of the year always swearing in your career?
No no usually the end of the year is real quiet because nobody's around but this year there's a lot of crap you're right
Unbelievable
Yes it is
I love you take care
Have a great day
Bye bye
Like I said nice job on those carts man we have an open line and Broward
Broward at 5249463 see what did I tell you?
No question in my mind I mean a shot the stearver like from day one lots of hostility here today lots of psychosis
Lots of games people play with Joe South and the spinners they're doing it
Boy I sure wish I had that to play with that games people play with that fit in perfectly here or what?
Here's Jack Miranda hello
I don't wear a wig sir
Okay let's go to always good to reinforce that just to make sure you know Hollywood
Hey Neil
Because if he did he probably would have borrowed the money to buy it yes
Hey Neil
Yes
Haven't talked to you and says before your operation I called and suggested you become a vegetarian rather than have you gone better taken
Well too late for that now it's not going to grow back but are you are you a serious vegetarian?
What does that mean is serious
Meaning a vegetarian vegetarian no animal at all no eggs no milk no cheese
Well I wouldn't say no cheese I've had a little like hard cheese but that's it
Perfect
Now what are you laughing about that I mean that's not bad
Okay
I don't first of all I don't drink milk because you have to be an imbecile to feed milk to an adult you got to be an idiot
Absolutely
To drink milk and I don't eat a lot of dairy to begin with I don't eat cottage cheese
I don't... so a little bit of hard cheese like on my pasta because you can have a lot of pasta when you're a vegetarian
Which I love pasta with the right kind of sauces without the fat and all the crap and sugar in it
Right
And I think I'm doing pretty good
Well another question
I lost about six or seven pounds in the first week and I was feeling really great till I came in here today
Another question I had was on the fat you're complaining about the fat?
I'm not familiar with the product that you bought but just keep in mind that your body does need fat
No I don't need that much fat I mean we're talking...
59% of the calories are from fat, grillers
I wouldn't buy those again in fact I got an extra pack I'm going to bring here an auction it off tomorrow to the highest bidder
I wouldn't eat that crap again
59% of the calories are from fat no way
Okay
Your body needs a little bit of fat
But keep in mind that your body does need some fat
Some fat that's right I don't know, huh?
What?
Vegetables and nuts
I beg your pardon
No animal fat at all
Yeah
So another thing
Your body doesn't need animal fat
No absolutely your body was never designed
I don't know any horses... I don't know any horses who are eating animal fat
No I look at the grills and the elephants and...
Right
But anyway as far as your champion juicer or if you get a champion, mine's 10 years old
Yeah
And they sell them at the unicorn for about 189
Oh do they?
And it's by far for a home unit
I used mine commercially for a while too
It's too slow commercially but for a home unit you can't beat it
I bet you that's just like the one that I used to have I used to have a real good one
Well it's all motor years ago
All it is is a motor it looks like a wash machine motor
Right
And it has the unit that mounts on the front of it
And you just can't wear it out
Like I say mine's 10 years old and I used it for two years commercially
So...
I'll check it out
Okay
Thanks a lot
Hey listen stay with it stay with the program
I'm doing it this is not a lark this is not a...
Because first of all it's not really that difficult
I've never been a big meat lover to begin with
I'm not a big steak lover I mean I... or nearly I'd have a steak maybe three times a year
I'm just not that big in the meat
My big thing is pasta
And you don't have to like put the sausage in the meatballs and all that crap
Because first of all in Italy they never heard of such a thing
They don't they eat their... they're eat their pasta with very light sauces over there
Well I used strictly raw tomatoes organic when I can get them
Right
And uh... based sweet basil and a little oregano
Right
Well I'm gonna go out and get some basil rathbo in this afternoon
Have a great holiday
Yeah you too
See ya
Okay 148 on EID Network George
In the morning
Some more rain showers rolling in today county right now
And really in with the rain showers rolling in the accident
On the way home in the afternoon
Inbroward an accident sample road turtle creek boulevard possible entries
Other accidents
And late in the evening
The two outer lanes of southbound 95 are closed to all traffic
Between northwest 79 and northwest 60
Sky-wide 610 traffic now brings you traffic coverage 24 hours a day
On south Florida's news traffic and weather station
News to our radio
610 WIOD
Join us this afternoon beginning at two for those wild and crazy guys
Rick and Suts and at six
It's sports dog 610
WIOD
Crapital records presents the coming out of who great Pete Townsett
It's the out of the closet collection
Tommy can you hear me?
Here's my head to steer you
Tommy can you please me?
Let me reach your peer you
Oh Tommy
Tommy
Tommy
Tommy
Come here Tommy
I want to show you something
See me
Me or me
Touch me
Yes right there
Me
See me
Feel all of me
X me
Meir
Crapital records presents these previously unreleased tracks
Catch Pete seeing these songs the way they were meant to be
The rough boy in slit skirts
Pete Townsett, the in my box set
Ever since I was a young boy I've had these silver balls
Beans rolled down and brightened
Men always came to call
They'd seen nothing like it
And then it bounced off
My name is Peter Townsett
And I shall play a beans and ball
What are you right now?
And you'll get a CD bonus track of Pete singing that hell-it-ready classic
I am woman
Me as a master card accepted
Unless he speaks first
153 so managers said he's never speaking to boy Gary again
153
Everybody in this play
You know why they're also emotional because they're looking they're watching that door
And they're seeing bodies fly out of there like it's like a revolving door
You know how you go into a bank and most banks the old-fashioned ones
And the big bank buildings they all had the revolving door
That's what this place is like
Only they're going around on the out but they're not coming back in
And so today all the hot shots I understand are at Hot 105
As in hot shot 105
That's what we're going to turn it into
Emphasis on the shot
They're all down there having their big meat
And Jeff Clarks down there and maybe even Bob Greens in town and he's down there
He don't come and see us
No he's down there
Probably giving some notices out to those folks down there saying
Happy New Year and guess what?
You're fired
But good luck to you because we know it be no problem with your talents getting another job
Boy oh boy what a
Yeah and here we go again with this great FCC with Al Sykes and the Bush people
This is like their last parting shot on the dot the eye
They're big shot to the radio industry
Don't say crap on the air we're going to find Howard in the infinity 80 trillion dollars
Because we don't like Jesse Helms though like what he says on the air
But go ahead and buy up like buy up all the stations in town
That's okay and hire four people to run them all
How would that be?
See because that's how radio ownership people are
If they could automate talk if they could find a way to automate what they they do it in a heartbeat
I remember when I worked in West Palm and WJNO at that time the FM was slush
Slush music with those some tape service you know used to come in on those big reels
And now and I'll say in serosota when I worked at SPB
And part of your duties was that like every hour or so
You'd have to go in there and change the tapes on the automation machine
Right change those tapes on the automation machine in other words
They had a radio station running running commercials and money coming in and there wasn't nobody running it
They had they had not a low payroll they had no payroll
And that's what they're out for man is to hoard the airwaves and these assholes up there are worried about well
These airwaves belong to the public and how it's saying douchebag right
And in the meantime what you're doing is saying all these grave robbers out there that's okay the airwaves belong to the public
But we'll let you buy them all up for a while till you can bleed all the money out of me can
Here's a mobile in Haya-Lia
Nail
Yes sir
I do sir
Tremendous happy new year to you sir
I'm a happy new one to you
Right and year two
And to yours two
Listen
Yes
A couple questions
Number one is hot one of five word change formats
No I don't think so
They're going to call it not so hot 105
Because I was thinking this is this might be a good opportunity for you to go back to the FM
Yeah
How about news for if I change stations it won't be for this company okay do you get my drift?
Wow
Yeah
And second of all
Boy guy is a geek so when is um
Yeah
I mean how long is this company going to have this guy as a program director?
You know something your guess is I this man is better than the ever-ready cat he's got like 900 lives and no matter how much
Swill he puts on the ear no matter what he does no matter how many people in the building have like
Voodoo dolls in him at home that they're sticking sharp objects in all day
He's still managed to come out smelling like a rose. I don't I have no idea how
Can't believe do you still have that card with hangover saying boy guy is a geek
I wouldn't be at all surprised as a matter of fact
I'll see you and maybe he did take it and he ate it and the card too I have a Hank Goldberg story that I've
Well have a great day okay phone just to crap out what was he doing what did I miss because I wasn't what happened
What happened he wasn't cut off yeah and what happened
Yeah he's cut off all right you see the phone thing there he's cut off I got because I'm not going to listen to that phone
Pukin okay I can't leave that answer and I was just looking for the card anyway it saved me from having to tell that story because
I promised I wouldn't tell him but boy just another loud mouth the malcontent trouble making geek Hank you just never
Steeleast your consistent here's a lady in Lauderdale by the sea do you think your balls Bob yes I do as a matter of fact
Pink and stand out the crowd Palm Springs North if you have the far or go ahead and far
Let's go to Clearwater hello yeah nail they must be calling from hot 105 yes
Yes I just like to tell you that I really enjoyed the comments on the juice machines and you had mentioned you had
Owned several in the past no I don't say several I said I had the champion years years ago long time ago before it became
Fashionable and chic and I have that Vitamix which is as useless as dog droppings and I got this juice man
Too which I wouldn't wish on anybody well I've been working on yesterday and one thing I noticed was they all have a distance seems to be a very small
Slide to put the thing down or the fruit or vegetable style yeah is that a slide normal for all of them a small slot yeah do you
Have to chop everything up before you put it up to chop it up but you can't you can't put an apple hole in the juicer
You have to slice it like into quarters which isn't you know even I can do that it's not a major undertaking as they say at let's go
Okay, I envision you could just drop tomatoes and everything in these things and the one that I was looking at that drop tomatoes in a juicer yeah
I guess there is such a thing as tomato juice I guess I don't know I never really thought about making tomato juice
Oh yeah well you could slice it up and then of course you can buy that real spiffy knife that they sell on their on TV too on the infomercial
Yeah well I can slice him with a vegematic and spray paint in black with Ron Popeel's hairspray
I really enjoy your show just remember what I told you the entire audience do not ever buy anything off a TV infomercial
If the product was any good it would be in the store and trust me when I tell you and it's and it's got it's guaranteed to be overpriced
Because they have to charge you an arm and leg to make up for that enormous cost of the advertising they're doing
Absolutely absolutely one other thing in your management
Now to take that J.O. what's his name and stick him right in his juice man J. Nortich or Cordich whatever's name is
Yeah I think your management is really sensitive on letting people go around this time of year
Right at the holidays we're famous for doing that at least work in system
Yeah most people at least have the courtesy or the least the feeling
Not here we give a nice card it says it's from the sisters happy holidays you're fired and get out
Sounds like a fun place to work
It sure is have a great new year pal
Happy new year to you
See ya
So Mark Clayton says that Lisa Olsen is a rank-waste watcher
I just thought I'd mention that in case you missed the beginning of the show
The article in the Sun Sentinel totally different from the covert article in the Harold
This is South Florida's news traffic and weather station
So watch this
Use the radio's 610 WIOD by any Fort Lauderdale and the Palm Beaches
You dummy
