New stock radio, 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To get in touch and talk with Neil Dyle, 751 WIOD from day.
Inbrouwer, it's 524 WIOD.
Outside the real library, you code.
Don't free 1-800-944 WIOD.
And those hot mobility customers will make a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest's toaster callers are not necessarily those of this station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on News Dog Radio, 610 WIOD.
It might not be as bad as everyone says.
Springtime is here, so I'm cleaning my kitchen.
I have to mop under my fridge at there.
I sweep a big dust balls in a couple of magnets.
I'm always grossed out by the things under there.
The more that I clean well, the stuff thickets we eat up.
My grandma's old dancer, some green pizza crusts, a killer.
The hamster that I lost, we're back in the 60s.
He's decomposing and he's turning to dust.
And I don't clean down there.
It's time to get on made.
Got you passing rubber gloves.
So my hands don't smell that way.
And I don't want to clean down there.
It comes up, bugs my way.
Coming at me big and loud.
I hear the road just saying.
It's a lot of down here.
We like to sink and swell.
Drunk the food all the way.
There's saying no words for tell.
It's a lot of down here.
We like to sink and swell.
Drunk the food all the way.
There's saying no words for tell.
It was his word.
Not his pedophile.
1007 at WIOD.
Happy Monday, man.
Hallelujah.
Oh, God.
That's all I can say.
Oh, God.
Right. Amen.
Let's all just sit around and pray a while.
How the hell did I make it?
How am I here?
And like the whole room is spinning before my eyes.
Where do I start?
Where do I start?
Who the hell needs calls?
Who the hell needs anything?
All we do have a mobile and four-letter deal.
Welcome back.
Did you like to be our first call on our day?
My first day on my black and blue wedding?
Welcome back.
Yeah.
We missed you.
I got a black and blue spot, the size of Montana.
Like a whole white size.
Am I all right?
Yeah, you took it easy at home.
Am I all right compared to what?
Compared to like Elvis?
Yeah, I feel better than he does.
That's great.
It's one to welcome you back.
We all make the temperature of the tens of thousands of other things.
Thank you so much.
And we're glad to have you back.
And have a great day.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Well, wasn't that nice, huh?
Speaking nice, thanks to the people of Ticket Defense teams.
That'd be a nice plant, Randy Malta, and all those guys.
People had called a race course.
That'd be a beautiful plant.
The people at Pompo Park sent me a huge fruit basket
from exotic gardens.
And the people of exotic gardens got so excited about that
that the drivers and the other people over there sent me a plant.
A really nice one too, which I appreciate.
So thanks to exotic gardens and whom I leave it out.
So I shouldn't have started doing this.
I shouldn't have started doing this.
Oh, this is embarrassing because they were like a whole bunch of crap.
I mean, nice stuff.
Oh, gee.
This is bad because I'm going to leave out about three or four people
that took the time to send me plants and stuff.
I mentioned colder, right?
Who did I leave out?
I should have made a little list, shouldn't I?
Crap.
Well, I'm looking up and down the log here.
Maybe it'll rekindle some memories.
Then I'll point out the ones who didn't say anything.
Yeah, thanks a lot to those people who didn't do a damn thing.
Like, of course, I could mention the management of this radio station.
I don't want to mention them.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
Yeah.
Not a card, not a call, not a letter, not a flower, not a pansy, not a anything.
Nothing.
Are you alive?
Is there anything we can do?
Nothing.
Zero zippity, do da, nothing.
I know that most of you feel that I'm making it up that nobody in this audience can believe.
So it's heartless and mindless because I went through hell.
I mean, this has been a rough 10 days.
Everybody thought, eh, it's a piece of cake.
We heard that fat red shit, huh?
Yeah.
The only piece of cake that he was involved with is the one that they removed that they thought was his gallbladder,
which was a gigantic piece of that double chocolate cheesecake that he ate on the way home in the car a couple of years ago.
And by the way, Rich, I have real exciting news for you.
I was thinking about it over the weekend.
The black and blue, of course, takes several days when you're fat to raise to the surface, to the skin, so that you actually see it.
So my doctor was explaining to me over the weekend that it did.
There's about three inches of fat on me that has to,
so it was like a delayed reaction several days after the surgery.
All of a sudden you start getting this gigantic black and blue where you lost all this blood.
So Rich, in about six months, man, you're going to be like one huge, a black and blue whale.
They can put you in a sequerium, baby.
You're going to look great.
I know I let somebody out.
Damn, I mentioned ticket defense team.
And there were some other sponsors who sent plants because I had like about a half a dozen at least plants.
And the nice thing from Poppano Park and Calder.
And I keep mentioning the same ones over and over again because I can't remember who the other ones were.
Damn it.
God has had embarrassing.
But I should do remember who the ones who were conspicuous by their absence were.
You know what I'm saying?
Like 610 WIOD Cox Enterprises with their $5.2 billion.
I mean, I talked to George and Cheryl a couple of times, but that was like personal, basically.
I mean, that wasn't business.
Nothing.
Not a, not as there like anything we can do.
And thank God that Rick Riley let me on the ear last, what day was that?
Was it Monday?
When I was screaming, I'm never going to get out of here alive.
See, that was people think that they must think that that was like a joke, okay?
It wasn't a joke.
It was not a joke.
I believed at that point that I would never see the outside again.
It was like somebody in Auschwitz getting a phone line.
Please, let me speak to anybody.
Okay, put me on the air.
Oh, yes.
Even their show.
Anything.
Oh, how did I get out of there?
I had to practically fight my way out.
Let me just give a word of advice because I have lots to say today.
Okay, let me give a word of advice to everybody.
Any age in this audience do never, ever go into any hospital alone.
Bring Dr. Bob Mendelsen.
He used to say this all the time.
Bring somebody with you, preferably somebody big and push you like fat Richard, somebody like that.
Somebody with a big mouth, somebody will practically stand guard around the clock at your door to save your life and to fight your battles for you and to prevent them from just totally doing whatever they want to you, man.
They took enough blood out of me.
They could have a blood bank over there.
There should be a plaque on the wall at Mount Sinai, the Neorodger's blood bank.
I'm serious. They could have filled a bathtub with blood.
And in the meantime, they're saying, oh, your blood counts.
You're low. I can't understand why.
No, I can't either. Okay.
Take care. Have another gallon.
Here you go.
Oh, God.
They had big broad needles in the size of Vermont.
You could have filled up.
I thought they were like serving tomato juice.
And boy, the food. Don't give me started on that.
The best.
Mmm. Gourmet cuisine.
Yeah.
God.
Hey, attention. All Toyota Honda and Nissan owners.
How'd you like to get full sticker price for your old car?
Well, you can.
When you buy a new 92 Toyota only at Toyota of Hollywood.
It's true. Toyota of Hollywood is offering sticker price trade-ins on all 85-91 Toyota's Honda's and Nissan's.
See a sales person for the tails.
Just run around inside.
Say, are you a sales person?
And some of them might even admit it.
And check out these exciting low prices available right now.
The all-purpose Prevy of Anne fully loaded just 17, 7, 69 popular carolas from just 98, 88 sporty economical little
Turcels from just 64, 95 hardworking 4 by 4 starting at just 11,566 or the luxurious beautiful all new 92
Camry from just 14,185 at Toyota of Hollywood.
Again, all you Toyota Honda and Nissan owners take advantage of this incredible sticker price trade-in offer only at Toyota of Hollywood.
On 441 between tapped and Sheridan streets in Hollywood open late every night for your spending convenience.
The opinions expressed in this program and I'm necessarily those who extend WIOM beards, five years.
10, 16 at WIOMD. So I opened up my Sunsendle.
The first day I get home last Tuesday after I had fought my way out and screamed and demanded freedom from Mount Sinai Hospital.
And the first thing I see in Tuesday morning Sunsendles an article about the excessive mortality rate at many of our nation's hospitals including Jackson here in town by the way.
And that people are dying like flies and hospitals kind of a shock to me.
Yeah. And then yesterday morning I opened up the Sunsendle and what does the headline say on page 3a?
Oh, I did that wrong. What does the headline say on page 3a?
Surgeons botched new technique it says really shocked the crap out of me complications arise from procedure.
Oh, by the way, before I get into this, I do want to say this, Dr. Harold Unger and his son Steven, the younger hunger.
They're the ones who did my surgery. They're the best. They're the best in the country at this. He's done over 400 these.
Thank God. Lot of practice. So he's the best. Now if he's the best in he did this and I came out looking like this, what's going to happen if I would have had the worst?
Your great hero. I love you. Okay. You're just tremendous. But the thing is when you go in, they tell you nothing.
They tell you nothing. And let me just tell you this. I don't want anybody to get scared. I want anybody to get.
I want you to get scared. Crapless is what I want you to get.
Before you go into a hospital, let them play with your body. That's what I want you to get psychotic.
I want you to ask questions that haven't been invented yet.
Because they tell you absolutely not. Oh, yeah. Piece of cake for a little thing. No, boy. Whip that baby out. Sure. Piece of cake.
Uh-huh. Full of crap.
Just from the anesthesia alone, you can croak. Seriously, there's some people who just have like violent reactions.
Anesthesia general anesthesia is like a major major. Even if you have no surgery at all, I don't want to go into a big thing.
I'm not going to go into a doctor show here today, but I will. I will.
Because I have never felt so strongly about anything in my life, which I have left here at this point my life.
But there were many times in last week I thought not.
They were going to bring it instead of the best of Neil. The rest of Neil is what they were going to bring in like in a little box.
I mean the things that go on and then they start coming in and scaring the daylight Saudi.
And oh, geez, you might get pneumonia. Of course I was in a room where it was like 500 below zero is blowing a geol like a wind towel from the ceiling.
They bring the technicians know speak at the English. They bring them on a ladder three o'clock in the morning.
They're up there, patching around on the ceiling. He pulls a big towel out of this thing. Somebody had shoved the towel up in his damn vet on the ceiling like a huge beach towel because the wind was blowing out there a hundred miles an hour.
But hey, you can't take deep breaths because it hurts every time you breathe after the surgery.
So you better get up and what move around because otherwise you're going to get pneumonia.
But the fact that we got it a hundred below zero and here we can't stop the wind. Hey little don't don't bother us. Don't be a nitpicker.
Okay. Don't be a troublemaker now.
Oh, you if I started now, it would be midnight.
Not today midnight like Thursday by the time I finished with a stories of everything in this experience, you cannot believe it.
You can't imagine in your wildest nightmares, all of the things that go on and then you tell the nerd, how can anybody sleep on those beds?
And the nurse says, oh, nobody sleeps in here. You can't sleep on that bed.
The only time you ever fall asleep in a hospital is when you are so physically worn out and so exhausted and you've lost so much blood and nutrients because the food nobody can touch.
My dog would laugh at it when you're just so tell you just collapse.
And then you wake up in this bizarre position, you know, think how the hell could I ever fall asleep like this only because you're so exhausted?
The hospital is not a place to heal. It's not a place to get better. It's not a place where it's a place to die.
It's a place to catch everything that's ever been invented and some germs and diseases that nobody can even identify yet.
That's what a hospital is. So anyway, the story says surgeons botched new technique.
Kind of caught my eye.
Complications arise from procedure to remove gallbladders it says New York, New York Times.
Surgeons who rushed to use a new technique to remove gallbladders without adequate training have botched many procedures New York State Health Officials and surgical experts say.
Since August of 1990, at least seven patients have died and 185 others have suffered serious or life threatening complications from the procedure.
Laperoscopic gallbladder surgery at 99 of New York States, 200 for this is just in New York.
Complications are being reported to the Department of the rate of three or four each week. Some patients have blood to death.
And others have needed several additional operations to repair and reconstruct organs and tissues damaged in the surgery.
Our frequent injury is to the common bile duct, the vital tube through which bile flows to the bowel to aid digestion.
And other patients, the bowel and urinary bladder were injured. To reduce the hazards, the health department issued guidelines on Friday specifying that surgeons must perform at least 15 Laperoscopies under supervision before a hospital may issue credentials permitting them to perform the operation independently.
That's said, or and so on.
The operation, this is the best, the last paragraph, the best part. The operation is often called bandaid surgery because it leaves a smaller scar than the traditional operation.
And of course, by calling it bandaid surgery, it kind of in your mind minimizes the idea that this is serious, potentially life threatening surgery.
Right, of course, just a piece of cake, sure.
Here, let's just put like four bullet holes in your abdomen. You'll feel great in a couple of days. Man, no problem at all.
God, 1022 at WIOD. I can't really believe that I'm sitting here. I just cannot believe it. A week ago today, I would have bit anything that they would have had like just body parts scattered around the building out by the WS News tombstone out there in the front. There's just no way.
Anyway, let me tell you about a little gizmo that's really exciting called the Sony Data Discman, an electronic book reader that's capable of displaying thousands of pages of text and graphics stored on a removable disc and the unit is small enough to fit in the palm of your hand. Believe me when I tell you, and remarkably easy to use as well.
In fact, George has been a twang with this one all weekend long. He's been playing with it and looks worn out. The Sony Data Discman enables you to access an entire library worth of information right on the top of your desk or in your briefcase.
And the Data Discman is a reference source that puts a world of information right at your fingertips just a few of the titles available right now, the dictionary of American slang international wine guide Henry world travel translator,
Groilliers and cyclopedia that comes free with every unit that you buy Roger ebritz movie home companion total baseball sporting news baseball guide register and the hoover's handbook profiles of over 500 major corporations European business guy and lots, lots more.
The Sony Data Discman is a learning tool for school for business and pleasure, a whole world of information that can fit right in the palm of your hand in your pocket or your briefcase.
So see a Sony Data Discman today at your nearest brandsmart location and I'll say it again the Groilliers and cyclopedia is included free with every unit that you buy.
It's the perfect gift for Father's Day graduation back to school and this Saturday June 20th come and check it out because I'll be at brandsmart in sawgrass mills from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. this Saturday June 20th at the brandsmart. Check it out the Sony Data Discman.
This was supposed to be spontaneous guys we don't need to hook up wireless mics and strap the bartenders down hold on just a second here.
Well, first owners are busy, huh? Okay, oh we can hear you good Marvin. Hey Marvin. Okay, we got a shot of tell him a shot of Quervo Gold. Okay, now you need to get a shot of Kaluah.
Oh, yeah, old drinko and fat yellow. Oh, it's great.
Oh, man, hey, make that two-gone drinkos.
Here we can judge this Monday afternoon on South Florida's news traffic and weather station news talk radio 6 stand W I O D.
Don't touch that dial coming up this afternoon at two. It's Rick Briley and S. C.O.M.A.N.
Join us then for Rick and S.O.M.A.
I just remember one of the people I left out Peter would absolutely travel. They said a beautiful plant. Thank you so much profusely
and I'm sure there were a couple of others that I left out. Okay, there's only one thing I want to say before I take this next call and that is...
I'll tell you what, that call you made Monday. You sounded scared crap.
Scared isn't the that's the understatement of the century. I was hoping remember when Lee Harvey Oswald,
you remember that thing where he was saying I'm requesting somebody to come forward and give me legal assistance like he was like alone and desperate
and anybody just somebody anywhere come forward and help my ass out of this because I'm a taxi. Right. Right.
And that's how I felt. Not how I felt how I was. You can't get... well you're of course calling to say that I told you so.
No. And you're right I should have been in retrospect if I would have drank the olive oil and the lemon juice.
The worst that could have happened would have been a couple of bad VMs. Okay, I mean that would have been the worst.
Well, anyway, I mean at least people will learn at least there will be somebody out there that will do it the right way because of all of this.
Or at least check it out. Yeah. Check it out. They don't give you a chance to ask anything. Okay, they have the pre-optidate before.
Yeah. And you go in and they make a little scratch on your arm, okay.
Would you listen to me? Yeah, go ahead. You're not listening. I'm listening. They make a little scratch on your arm to check the bleeding time how fast you heal. Yeah.
And it's supposed to be between three and nine minutes, three being the fastest and nine being the slowest acceptable if you're going to undergo surgery.
Nine minutes is you know how mine was nine minutes because I'm diabetic. I'm a very slow healer. People would diabetes heal very slowly.
Did they question that? So, huh? Did they question that? Well, they said, hey, it's close enough to us. It's close enough to nine, eleven, whatever was nine minutes.
What would kick me in the butt is do you remember the call from the surgeon who agreed that it would work in 85% of the case? The olive oil right.
You know, so. And as it turns out, because I didn't hear it, but my mother who spent two days at my house, which I didn't want to talk about, but my mother was telling me that somebody called on a Rick and Spud.
Somebody who was part of the operating thing at the hospital and they said some kid, he said that the Neal's gallbladder was like a white hot.
And then it had a bunch of small like a couple hundred real small stones that were about the size of tomato seeds. Well, tomato seeds are very small.
Yeah. So it seemed to see my concern with the olive oil was afraid I'd have some big ones in that I get one lodged in there and go, you know, and of course if it gets lodged, your gallbladder blows up like a balloon and like deadly.
Well, they replay the call that we talked about the forge, Kagan the two inch. Right. Well, it would all came out the end anyway. Yeah. But I'm glad you're all right.
I'm telling you this is just I can't describe it. I just can't believe that I survived this thing. I mean, everything from the if you could have seen, I wish we could have a live studio audience.
Alex Benner would have been proud when these two guys from the pulmonary unit come in these two clowns and they made a speech. My nurse almost passed out on the floor. She got so frightened from the speech about how they're taking an X ray.
Okay. Yeah.
And they found like two little tiny marks on my lungs. Well, my doctor, Dr. Unger, who like I said, if I would listen to him the whole time, I'd have been a great shape because he's the only one who knows what the alley was talking about.
But you can't just have one doctor. You got like 85 different doctors. Okay. And they come in and they make a speech about well, you know, the surgery, you get blood and the thing. He gets loose in your legs and then a blood clots and they can come into your lungs.
And they made this alarming thing about pulmonary embolisms and how dangerous they are. And of course, that's not going to affect your blood pressure. Right. Now listen to me. They then then they start talking about angiograms. I said, listen, even a more unlike me knows what that is. There ain't no way I'm going to go into angiogram.
So they, well, the first thing we do, it's called a lung scan. Okay. So they take me down. I want you to listen to this very carefully. Okay.
Anybody in this audience, if anyone ever says they're going to do a lung scan on your body, call the police, call the FBI, call everybody you know and run some serious and run out of their screaming and yelling. They're trying to kill me.
Okay. They take me downstairs. They lie my fat body on. Now I'm trying to picture this. Will you in a blue smoke?
Yeah, it's blue smoke. I mean, one of those hospital gowns. That's the first thing they do is make sure you're running around almost naked so that you feel totally defensive.
Right. Exactly. So they take me down and lie me on this slab. And they take, I'm telling you, I know, I know I saw Mengele was one of the name of the doctors in this room. I'm serious.
And they take a hood like an SNM thing and they strap it around your head so serious so tight that it feels like your head is going to explode. Okay. I'm not making this up. You're laughing. This is serious. They then take the mouthpiece, which is like a breathing thing from from oxygen. Right.
And they put that over your mouth. Right. And then they say, don't worry about it. Are you claustrophobic at all? Well, I found out I was. They said, don't worry about it. This is pure oxygen. Just take deep breaths. Okay. Thank you so much. Sunny. Just send some nice stuff. Thank you, sir. So anyway, then they tell you to breathe well after the first 30 seconds.
You don't feel like you are breathing. Even though they tell you they give you a story while it's pure oxygen. You don't feel like you're breathing. You feel like you're smothering. I mean smothering and this thing on your head is so tight. And I just reached up and grabbed it off my head. I couldn't stand it. I thought it was going to lose my mind. Oh, no, not yet. Not yet. Just just keep breathing. Okay.
What don't they want you to see? And so we know it's not that you can't see. You can see. But but this thing is strapped from like your forehead around the back of your head. You can see.
It's just that you can't breathe. That's all and that your head is exploding. So now he puts it back. Then he puts it back on there again. And for about another 40 seconds to a minute. I guess I finally lasted long enough to get it done. And then I reached up. I just pulled it off again. I said no. I just.
Then they take the thing and they put it over your head to take pictures of your lungs with some other thing and they lower it to the part where it's just about touching your body like like an MRI or something like that. And now you're lying there and you've just gone through this other real constrictive claustrophobic experience. And you just finished. And now that takes forever and they inject. Of course you got the little IV thing conveniently on your on your wrist. See. So any everybody comes. Oh, here. Let me stick some stuff in there. Okay. You don't have any idea what they're sticking in the IV. Oh, here. Let me put the needle in there.
And you're lying there to take. So the best part of the whole deal is then after this they take me in for ultrasound of my legs to check for blood clots, which ultrasound is fine. It's like they do on a gallbladder. That's a that's that is a piece of cake. That's painless.
Right. And the two women are in there and they're looking and find no problem at all. They're squeezing my legs. You see the blood. There's no blood clots in there. So I'm lying there. And now these two SNM pulmonary guys come in. Oh, man. The pictures are perfect. Dr. Unger was right. It was nothing. We do.
Just was false alarm. And of course, see they can always say, well, you know, this pulmonary embolism can be fatal. So we're just covering the really covering their ass. But we're just making sure you know what I'm going to say? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Listen, when they get you in there, every test that's ever been invented every test that they ever thought of every machine that the hospital can afford to buy. You're helping to pay for. Okay. Because they're going to do everything on you that they can think of doing. But you know, something that kind of puts me up because after that I started turning everybody down.
I go back up. I'm back. I'm back. All over. You can wheel me around in there anyway. All my are you can wheel me all over the hospital. God. I have so many nice people are in Mount Sinai and so many nice looking people in her too.
Of course, my luck. I'm in there. You know, if I would have if the way even bother talking about it. You know what I'm saying? They would have lined up at the door. There's nothing I could do at that point. I'm like helpless. Oh.
There's really a lot of things. No. Thank God. Catheter. Yeah. Give me. Bray. Usually after anesthesia, you have a hard time, you know, moving.
No, I just had a little bottle. Oh, you were lucky. Yeah. Okay. And boy, how do you feel? How do I feel right now? Yeah. Just a little week. Yeah. You ought to see the giant black and blue.
I'm showing it to everybody in the building who's got a strong enough stomach to look. I've got the black and blue. I'd say a third of my whole right side is dark purple.
Let me ask you a question. This is what I don't understand. Yes. Normally when you get gallbladder taxes because the stones are large. No, not necessarily. So the smaller ones get logs. They fit right over the opening. I understand. Okay. I was only here. You're going to be all right. I guess. I guess as far as I know, unless there are any more surprises coming, unless the doctor, the, the pill. Oh, and then I didn't even tell you the best part. I haven't even gotten to the best part of the story. Okay. Let's see.
I finally forced my way out begging and pleading. I'm on a phone at four in the morning. I mean, you go in that hospital. You just the minutes are like hours and the hours are like centuries. And you're so uncomfortable and the temperature. And there's like this gas. They switched me to another room because the wind tunnel in the first room. They couldn't stop. They put me in another room. Seriously. And it was like either too hot or too cold. But no matter what the temperature was, there was like poison gas coming from the ceiling. Okay. I felt like I was at Auschwitz. I'm telling you. I kept saying I'm like in a concentration. I'm like, I'm going to go out and get a drink. I'm going to go out and get a drink. I'm going to go out and get a drink. I'm going to go out and get a drink. I'm going to go out and get a drink. I'm going to go out and get a drink. I'm going to go
out and get a drink. I'm going to go out and get a drink. I'm going to go out and get a drink. I'm on a phone at four in the morning. I'm in a concentration camp. I'm nauseous all the time just
infection. He gives me a prescription for a horse-pill penicillum. It's called
augmentant, 500 milligrams, three at a. Do you know how much 500 milligrams of
anything is? The pills are like elephant droppings. That's how big they are.
Well, that night, guess what? I'm allergic. I find out, which I never knew before. I
start itching. You ever have poison ivy? From my hands, my back, I'm breaking out
in the hives. I went through seven, eight hours of the worst living hell in the
history of the human race, augmentant. How do you like that? So in other words,
no matter what was going on, none of it had anything had to do with my gallbladder.
Did you follow what I'm saying? I was going through all these other pulmonary
embolisms. You're bleeding to death inside. You've got like screaming hives. It was a
pleasant week. But you took the time to call Rick and Fud. Yeah. Have a good... Well,
wait a minute. How much have you lost? What do you mean by that? I mean, through all this trauma,
you had to lose some weight. No, no, I weigh exactly the same. You're kidding. No, I'm not
kidding. Well, they pump your sofa full of crap. It takes like seven years just to get the
chemicals out of your body. Anyway, did you get to keep any of the stones? Good day.
1037 at WIOD. Hey, now I can go with Arnold's all the time, okay? I'm serious. Once you get
your gallbladder out, man, you can enjoy the great stuff from Arnold's Royal Castle. Like,
round the clock, nonstop, those great Neely burgers and those fantastic Rochester white
hots. In those great, uh, bratwurst from Don and Bob's, you just can't beat it as the
tradition lives on. And Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle. I've been doing it since 1980. As a
matter of fact, Wayne has been there for over 25 years, just working up a sweat right over
the... Well, not right over the grill, but at least a good distance. And the castle burgers
are made with blue ribbon ground beef, grilled sweet onions, pickle chip, your choice of toppings,
birch beer and the frosted mugs just like they did years ago. And the famous Rochester
at our White Hots in Red Hots with Wayne's own homemade Italian meat sauce that he jumps
up and down on with his big fat feet guaranteed the best coffee ever made with the same recipe
of blends used by the old original Royal Castle. And the Neely burger made with hotel cut
layered bacon and topped with hot melted American cheese. You'll love everything on a menu,
including, of course, the great breakfast that you can have 24 hours a day. And come in
this month and help celebrate the anniversary at Wayne Arnold's with the delicious free frosted
mug of birch beer with all food orders. You can't beat that with a stick. They're open 24
hours a day, seven days a week. Never closed, even on Chavuas. Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle,
just a block west of I-95 and 125th Street, 1 2490 Northwest 7th Avenue, in North Miami.
Never a hassle at Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle.
Out of the news update from the award winning 610 WIOD News, it comes up at the top of the
hour.
It's the Radio 610.
New from Heavily House, it's here at last, the Hipper scripture that speaks to today's
team.
It's the team Bible God Word, God Word, from us.
Yes, for your favorite Bible stories. The creation and God said excellent and love.
It was excellent. The fall of Adam and Eve.
Even Moses and the burning bush. I have a turn command for you.
No way.
Ways.
The team Bible also includes the top 10 songs of all time.
Yay, though I walked through the shadow of the Valley of Death. Wow, like serious
bummer.
And you'll get the totally bodacious New Testament. Let it's the dude who's without sin.
Casper Stump.
So fast in your Bible belts and get your teen on the road to total salvation.
We're not worthy. We're not worthy.
The team Bible.
The good luck that cops are too.
Acknowledged party on 1042 WIOD. Here's a lady mobile in P-Rine.
I told you.
You're right.
I told you.
Yeah.
And definitely don't take drugs. I don't believe you let him give you drugs.
What do you mean by that?
Because they would have to when you took drugs.
Yeah. But you should know it's the.
I'm your my friend. I would have told you don't tell me.
Lady drug pusher. She knows better than anybody what she's doing to the public.
Don't take those things.
First of all, when you're in there, when you're in that hospital, when you get the anesthesia,
God only knows what they're pumping into your body.
Okay.
And you take days and days for all that stuff to work its way out.
And you have like gas inside every part, every bone, every rib.
I mean, just all over every time you move, it's like an internal fart.
I mean, it's just unbelievable.
And then you have that little IV on the wrist.
So like I said before, they keep coming along and just jab and stuff in there.
You don't know what they're putting in there.
That's part of being an earth.
And so finally, I just started saying no.
Well, get back up after this horrible lungs scan, which I thought was going to be the last moments of my life.
Okay. Can you ever imagine? Can you even envision a procedure like this?
I'm back up in a room within five minutes. There's two nurses in there.
Oh, guess what? We're both here to get blood.
One wants blood from the artery and the other from the vein.
I said, guess what? You're both leaving.
Okay. And I'm serious.
And after that, I started kicking everybody out.
I became the biggest pain in the ass.
They probably ever had in that hospital.
And that's my advice to everybody.
If you're in there alone, just make a nuisance of yourself.
Just make yourself the biggest pain in the ass and scream and carry on until they finally just can't handle it anymore.
Could you leave at 4 in the morning, really?
No, I was going to.
And I doctor rung her on the phone, convinced me to stay until seven.
And I somehow miraculously fell asleep.
I have no idea how.
And I wake up at seven. He comes in about 715.
He checks me over. You're okay.
And he signs me out. I'm discharged.
Okay. I'm waiting for them to come and take this little ivy thing out of my wrist so I can get there a lot of there and drive myself home.
Now about 20 minutes goes by and here, Dr. Furman, the Israeli pill doctor from across the street.
My other doctor in there, he appears at the door and I said, oh, my life is a worth a crap now.
Okay. I'm never getting out of here.
And on, he shows me the thing on the little page. Dr. Runger wrote, patient discharged upon approval of Dr. Furman.
So in other words, when he approves, I can get out.
And then he does take the time to mark me the two prescriptions, the one of which was for the penicillin that nearly turned my life into a living hell.
Lucky it didn't die. Have you ever taken a drug?
Have you ever taken a drug you're allergic to?
Never. I don't take drugs. If you can imagine, I'm serious. If you can imagine, your hands are so, are itching so bad and so red that you want to rub the skin off of them.
It's like having poison ivy only multiplied time 100.
And now hives are breaking out in huge blotches all over every part of your body on your ass, on your side, on your back.
And it's just, it's, and then even in fact at five in the morning, I had fall asleep for about 20 minutes.
I wake up and I feel a nodule on the side of my, the bridge of my nose, the size of a peanut on the bridge of my nose.
And you paid a hundred bucks for that prescription.
Two and a half bucks a tablet. Okay. Two and a half bucks a pill. Augmentin.
Exactly.
And I've taken other kinds of penicillin before. So there's no general rule of thumb if you're allergic to penicillin.
Never take it.
Oh man.
Never take it. You can die. I mean, you can have respiratory failure.
Yeah. And you know another thing that goes on since you're a pill pusher, you know, it's something that should be illegal.
You notice when you get your prescription, you almost never, ever get the package insert that tells you the contract.
Never. We don't want you to read that.
No, when you're not creating indications and all the side effects and all of a sudden, like, you know, sudden death, little minor things like that.
You never get that. You just get the nice little plastic bottle from the pharmacist, a little thing on it.
They too calm me.
Right. Exactly.
There should be a law in the state of Florida that there must be a package insert with every prescription or they can't sell it to you.
That should be the law in this goddamn state.
No way. Let's not get carried away.
Yeah. Right. Yeah. So you don't care. You have no conscience. You're slaughtering people.
I told you not to go in the hospital. I warned you. I told you not to do it.
You were right. And I kept thinking about that while I was in there. I'm not exaggerating when I tell you that I really, most of the time felt I would never get out of there alive.
You're laughing, but I'm telling you I really believe that because the stuff that was going on was so ungodly, I can't even describe it to you.
I used to be a nurse of all.
How can you recover, first of all, when you're in a room where the air is like poison, okay?
It is so it is so unsafe to breathe to every breath. It's like you're breathing noxious fumes.
Just think of it. Thousands of sick people in this place breathing on the same recycling that they made.
Reading every cure and every disease that's ever been invented. And then secondly, the food is such a lack of anything edible there.
My dogs would have turned their nose. The amount that I ate now, fat rich finally smuggled me in a cheeseburger the other.
Seriously, it was from the cafeteria and it was just a mediocre cheeseburger, but it tasted like the greatest thing I'd ever eaten in my life.
It was just a miracle. A miracle.
Oh, God.
Yeah, that's what I said. I can't get over it. I just can't believe it. The people are so foolish.
And then I was at the track over the weekend at Pompano and a woman comes up to me to tell me stories about her poor husband that nearly bled to death in the hospital.
I went in for something relatively minor in a butchery to him up in the stuff that went on just incredible. It's unbelievable.
You were right. You were right. I know. I know.
I know. So why kind of call me a bitch. You tell him to sit on it.
Right. Sit on this.
Right. Have a great day. Bye. Bye. Bye. She was right. 1047 at WIOD. We have an open line indeed. 751 and 2 and Broward. See that hasn't changed. Well, it's Monday.
Just try to keep in perspective. Okay. 524 WIOD 2 open lines and Broward. Let's not get carried away and show that we cared too much.
Okay. Let's not overreact here this morning because obviously we don't give a crap at all. These people are like our management here.
Okay. Totally indifferent to human suffering or anything.
Can you really believe that I still can't get over that?
I was in a hospital for four and a half days. I was like went through a major. I mean, this was like a serious nasty.
Maybe life threatening thing. Far worse than I ever dreamed. Not a phone call. Not a card. Not a bunch of twinkies. Not a not a plant.
Not a thing. Like I mean, they had sure knew where I was. They know my address.
I mean, they sure knew my phone number enough to have George call me and bug me about some commercial damn thing.
You know, here I'm lying there at home like wondering if I'm ever going to live again.
If my skin is ever going to stop itching and I'm ever going to be able to have one day of comfort again in my pathetic meaningless life.
Nothing from the powers that be here at Cox Broadcasting. You are we don't give a crap station. Okay.
Just totally absolutely insensitive to anything.
This fall joint is for another exciting season of dolphins and hurricanes. Football action right here on South Florida's sports station.
Danny Jackson is God. Yeah. 10. 52. A W I O D. Here's a little Joey on the phone. Another dispenser of killing drugs.
Glad to have you back there, Uncle. Yeah. Another guy who's making a whole life occupation of dispensing killer drugs to mankind.
I never said they killed anybody. They do. Well, that's because you took the wrong one. You're destroying the human race.
There are every this whole society's all hung up about street drugs and cocaine and pot and this one and that one and a hashish.
You know, all this other crap I got news for you. There are more people dying every day in this country and more people hooked on these obnoxious disgusting highly destructive prescription drugs than all the people put together who are doing so called recreational drugs.
Okay. We got a drug problem in this country. All right. And it's from people like you and the Felden lady and all you doctors out there who are putting all these people on these prescription drugs have a nice life. Mike.
But I am making good money off. What is it? My Breneary just walked out. I want to say have a nice life before I mean you never know. You might not see him again. Yeah.
I told you at least I'm making money off it. Yeah, that's good. Well, at least you're a good American capitalist. We like that.
Like the medical profession they make money off of people suffering and I think that's great. Well, the doctors are the worst. And if you don't suffer already, they'll make sure that you will before you're through.
You still shooting up some prescription they gave you. I'm not shooting up anything. Okay. Oh, yeah. I'm going to go home and take some augmenting again. I'll take some here on the ear tomorrow, put on a real floor show for the audience.
I'll bring some in and pass it around everybody. I just want to make sure you're doing. Do you know what that is augmenting? No, it's a form of penicillin. Do you know how much 500 milligrams of anything is a lot?
500 milligrams is like an elephant pill. It's like a whale pill. It's like a bowling ball. Okay. You have to shovel it down with a shoe horn. Okay.
500 milligrams three times a day. And by the time I got to the fifth one, my wrists were itching like I should have slid him. And by the time I finished the sixth one, my whole body was doing Saint Vitas dance dance on this doctor.
Oh, but I haven't 20 to 20. Wait till I tell you the best part of the story. All right.
So I get up in the morning. I mean, I say get up after maybe 20 minutes sleep. And I'm just through agony the whole night. And I put in a call to the pill doctors answering service. Okay.
And he calls me back a little while later. I had left the message that I had a bad reaction to one of the prescriptions he prescribed. That was a rash. Huh? That was a rash.
Listen to me. He calls and says, Neil, what happened? You got a rash? You know what that's like? That's like asking some of people in the in the Holocaust if they had a headache. That's what did I get a rash? Okay. And then he says, Oh, what a shame because you know, all those blood tests came back negative. In other words, I didn't have any infection.
I didn't have any bacteria. He said, I was going to call you yesterday and tell you to discontinue it. He was going to we never got around to it. But he was going to call me and tell me to discontinue taking it because again, just like the last one,
long scan and all this other invasive crap, it was unnecessary. It was just panic, panic city. They're also scared, crapless, that something's going to happen to you, that they're going to get a malpractice suit, that they wind up doing a thousand million different things to you that you don't need to be done in the first place.
And just using your body like a goddamn chemistry said like an experiment. Yeah, right. Right. Like a bad trip. What?
Yeah, right. Just search your conscience, Joey. Me? Yeah. I have no guilt whatsoever. Just search your conscience for the damage that you're doing to the human race at their expense. Okay.
Just remember a sucker's born every minute. Exactly. See you later. Bye. 1056 and WIOD. Yeah. Isn't that a great line? I was going to call you yesterday. All the tests came back negative.
I was going to call you and tell you to discontinue it. Didn't get around to it. So isn't it great that you got this great experience because look at look at the good part of it. I found out that I'm allergic to some forms of pedestal and if he would have called me and I wouldn't have had a lot taken enough of them for that to set in, I would have never found that out. So next time could have been like death. Thanks a lot, Doc.
Here's the one of our good friends. Yes, the cockamoon lady. I'm very happy to be alive. Yes. I'm glad to hear everything. All right. No, yeah, it's great. I called you twice, but I called him. I spoke to George twice to find out how you were getting along.
Can you believe that the powers that be in this place never even called to see if there was anything that I needed or that they could do or how I was doing nothing? Can you believe that? That's mean when I was in the hospital. I brought more like a funeral power. Yeah. Well, I got a lot of flowers, but not from these people here. Yeah. No. All they do is squeeze and manipulate and use you till every last drain of blood is left. And I got news. I haven't got much left for him. Yeah. Well, take care.
I made sure I flashed my black and blue all over the place in this building today so they could all see it. You know, because the first thing that comes to your mind is, oh, Jesus, taking a whole week off now. This was supposed to be a one or two day day. You know, and of course, right away, they think you're screwing off. You know what I'm saying? Right.
Right. Well, don't look for yourself. Make it so well. Right. And screw them. Everything will be all right. Okay. Take care, dear. Have a great day. Thank you. And don't forget. Cockamoon. Right.
1058 at W. I. We have an open line in the center. No, look at that. They're smoking now. Here's Coral Springs. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. How you doing? I'm doing great. I've been listening to you now. Let's get off this hospital. So, yeah, right. Let's say just show to suit your convenience. Sir, what is it you would like to talk about?
Well, I've been listening to you for about five months now. And I'm talking to my friend yesterday. Actually a couple days ago. Yeah. And he's telling me all about your show. You know, listen to it for about three years now. He loves you. He loves you. And he told me something about you. I didn't think it was true. I'm going to ask you. Yeah.
Neil, are you a homosexual? Oh, God. Let me ask you something. You suffer from like penis envy, sir, or something like that. Listen, you're all bisexual. You just lost a listen. You're flaming.
Okay. That's good. Here's a good. Yeah. Let's get off this hospital stuff and talk about faggots. Okay. There you go. You probably work in a hospital. You spying this little wimp. God almighty, little pencil needle thing.
We can't say dick because we're not sure that's his name, right? Where could have been? Right. That could have been his name. Anyway, we have what do we got? Henry Burrow with the 11 o'clock W.I.O.D. News. Henry's like nauseous. He thought Henry's not here.
What are you talking about? Henry's not here. I'm Henry. God, Henry, you've butched up dramatically since I left. Like I said, good old Elaine is here. Elaine, who's a schmoozing around with all the politicians and brow to try to make herself a star. And we got Rick and Spud with open phones from two to six this afternoon.
You had to see me. It's about time with Sputum. Have we sold up those new divisions that are sucking our bottom line dry? Sir, as I may have mentioned before, Oklahoma and Nebraska are not divisions. They're states. They're part of the union. Union. Don't ever use that word in this office. Sorry. What? A sorry. Sir, that's better. Now what else is going on? Well, the Saudis call up. They want to know if we could restore their F 16 service. Those deadbeat siloest mutians. They won't be buzzing any kids.
The camels until they settle up with the counts receivable. President, I'm here to see you. Good. Send them in. What is it? What's your doing here? It's on Constitucia. Well, that's a pretty big word for a man in a cheap suit, fellow. I called you idiotine here to tell you I'm streamlining the government. So you're all fired. Crazy. Crazy. I'm going to save this country of fortune by having all our laws made in Mexico.
Let's go. LAmero, six a W.I.O Day, a port of lane. She looks like she's been through six operations. Then she, she looks bad. Let's burn out badly. Here's the lady in Tamarack. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I am so glad to hear your bitch in moment on the radio. It's so good to have you back. Yeah. I'm not. I haven't been able to listen every day. But I assume today's the
for state or back since the operation
that's right
well i just wanted to try it
they play the same crappy tapes that they always do you know
uh... the world at the trial i didn't with i didn't look that's what it was
but only in a only in a bushly market like this could get away with doing that
but slap it about the tapes on the air every time the host isn't there it's
it's a joke
it was that too because i think i think i've put i always look on i think i've
was on fighting it was the word about the l.a. stuff and i thought all man
that was timely
but i wanted to tell you that i'm not sure the date i think was like monday or
two-day
rick uh... you call brick and suds monday
on monday ok money and
you sounded
obviously very desperate frantic
that's the word frantic and it was weird because to me i didn't listen to the
whole i've listened to a lot of rick and such that they would say normally don't
but the next day when it came on i turned it on case
i told my husband i said i can't believe this
i said it's like
nailed to appear it's like the pull up the radio police that
rick and suds are not allowed to talk to him anymore
and he's in limbo
and i never heard anything the right well i don't understand what do you mean by
that
well they talk to you but then
the car waiting came on the said doctor runger
all right
right
you call waiting
but uh...
uh... then yeah you know you know that's the interesting thing he he sent these
two a pulmonary guys in who made this speech about pulmonary embolisms and
blood clots in the lung
and got me just scared to death and then the nurse almost passed out on the floor
and then
the two guys said well we're going to go talk to the doctor about it and the
see what he says and i'm waiting and i'm waiting and i'm asking the nurses
where is the doctor up he's gone
is gone and that's why when he came back on air i said i cannot believe you left
at this particular point i can't and he was just phoning at the mouth that they
had come in and said these things he was ready to uh... attack them with a syringe
well you know that's what goes on in the hospital they run around with scalpel
and syringes chasing each other up and out of hallway
i'm sorry about that everything seems really disconnected uh... when you're in
the hospital nothing
they've got your disconnected from reality and the thing i do i'm not exaggerating
when i say this i don't want to be an alarmist
but i've been enough you know i haven't spent a lot of time in the hospital but i
have friends who have been so i've been in a lot of hospitals and the one thing
that's a constant no matter how good they're supposed to be is that you can't
read the air it's either too hot or too cold and it says this nauseating
sickening smell that every breath you take makes you the puke from it just
how can you get better in that kind of environment
that's a stuff they want to floor with
oh
you could be called red soap when i was red soap
i was a hospital volunteer and we used to wash the floor as red so far
i want to tell you something years years ago i was in Baptist hospital okay for two days
i had mono which by the way they couldn't diagnose they kept asking me about very very
and about all these exotic and my carapractor came and he asked do they take a mono spot test
and they said oh no we never thought of that well guess what i had mono okay
i was run down so i was in there for two days and the second day i started bitching because
it was so hot and there i couldn't breathe so they send the guy in there with his little
ladder there's always some guy who knows bigot in glazy comes with a ladder and luckily the
vent was just off to the side of the bed not directly over it uh-huh he gets up on the ladder he
pulls this vent off the ceiling and about four thousand years of crap of gray
all like dead rats i mean all just starts falling out and he's choking
you know and i think that the people in every room are breathing this crap in
and this is what hospitals are like yeah well it's just like the government i think of
bureaucracy it's from the same way or he's based on money yeah right exactly that i was really
i didn't want to bore your listeners and everybody hang up but i went to tell you that i was worried
about you and i i didn't realize how much i lit i like to listen to you bitching moan and laugh
and play your bitch um i have to be sick and i have to stay home all day and it's really refreshing
to hear you um put in your two cents worth whether i agree or not and i
unfortunately most of the time i'm finding myself a green but i do want to tell you that uh
i like you and i have a request it's a short one yeah would you just play that thing it's a
nail god either something about that that's so funny there's something about that Orlando when
you see me nose the naked nose underwear thing oh good yeah yeah okay i'm glad to have you back now
thanks bye bye 11 after 11 at w1 ds some lady sent me another catalog another one of those
underwear catalogs in which or linda was prominently displayed throughout i mean what kind of a macho
guy from my any or lander runs around it underwear all over the place okay we love you but
uh enough is enough oh that's a wrong card anyway he was on this morning all over what is that
all about too i'm turned on cbs this morning the guy built Clinton on for two hours and last week
they had paro on for like uh what is that all about god i just don't understand it anyway
i think i'm gonna have a real exciting experience in a couple of minutes
i think we better have a real long break prepared because that soup was great from sunnies but it
had like all kinds of roughaginy you know what i'm saying like broccoli and carrots and the
cabbage cabbage soup boy that is great for cleaning out all that industrial strength goop that
they put in your body in a hospital man i mean in just a matter of moments you are flying down
those stairs i mean you just can't your eyeballs are just dilating they're turning brown
anyway our good friend pony tail over at pizza loft says we're not the fastest we're not the
cheapest we're just the best and the biggest pain in the ass and interesting i didn't hear a word
from him all this time either it's not amazing didn't hear a word from old chap everything is
fresh cook to order the world's best pizza whether you like the thin New York style or the
thickest soyan or those great the the fagazza pizza which is with that real spicy sauce and loaded
with onions and all kind of good things they've been doing great stuff over there at the pizza
trough for the past 15 years plus you can even put your lunch dinner deliveries on your visa or
master card you'll find them upstairs at 69th and flag there just east of the palmeadow be sure and
try the great homemade Italian specialties like the award-winning lasagna stuffed shells manicotti baked
ziti or their famous eggplant parmesan they can cater your holiday party any kind of thing you're
doing for as little as four bucks per person so check out the pizza loft upstairs at 69th and
flag there and prestigious Miami just east of the palmeadow expressway here's the phone number to
call 266-511 if you want to order a header for delivery 266-511 the pizza trough they are just
unspeakable the opinions expressed in this program are not necessarily those of 610-WIOD
responses love 15 at WIOD look at that level of excitement man on his phones just go into the
commercial break and three people drop off including two and brown that's the one thing about
this town that I no matter what anybody tells me I know that I'm right okay no heart it would
make any difference if I was having open having open heart surgery right on the countertop here
ah we're busy okay hey good luck there we have an open line on the star line star io d and one
in the center square and brow are at 524-WIOD another typical great welcome home party nioe yeah we're
excited we're about as enthusiastic about you as your management man we love you
antenna yeah nioe yeah glad you're back thank you so much did you happen to have a private room
when you were there yes okay cuz I had a routine mile gram about two weeks ago you had a one
a routine mile gram mile gram right that's like that like a spinal tap oh and that you know when
when you hear the word routine a bell should go off there is no such thing as a routine procedure
in a hospital right it's like routine surgery there's no such thing right because they said well
we'll have to keep you 24 hours to do observations on you yeah so as I was at the build up to build the
thing do you have a living well and would you like to be a organ donor and all these uh quite yeah
right that's our thinking builds up a lot of confidence right right and uh the doctor was great though
as he was doing the procedure because oh i've done a thousand of these he goes whatever you do
don't bend over because uh if you bend over the well don't ever bend over in the hospital
as you bend over the die that they inject in your body happens to go to your brain no won't do
anything but cause a massive headache oh so as I was there I was in my room after the procedure was
done and I was paging the nurse and uh now nurses are okay but these aids that they have uh that don't
speak any English are uh probably about your worst no speaking English right we had quite a
bit of that in Mount Sinai there were several people no speaking English and uh don't confuse me with
the fact of stuff like that well because I had to take a leak and and my jug was down by the bed
so I bent over yeah and the die went to my head oh this massive headache so the nurse finally
came in after I got this jug and uh I go listen I got a very massive headache can you get me
anything any hard drug the hardest thing you got and you know just something to get rid of this
why she was leaving the room she met this other aid and they start speaking some different language
and just took her time an hour later here she comes back with uh whatever she had by that time I was
you know exhausted a hospital is not a place to get well no and uh I just want and it's also not
a place to have like a major accident in the room because it was one night I pressed the button
about three different times and uh no response and I can as I was lying it was nothing earth shaking
but it was something I needed either like a percussette that kept doping me up with for pain or whatever
that's what I have yeah and uh it just nothing happened and I kept thinking to myself what would
have happened if I would have fallen out of the bed and be having like some massive horrendous
uh coronary or something right now because nobody was responding now was your percussette uh 500
milligrams I don't know well anything I'm hoping a milligrams I think is too much yeah they have to
be inserted manually after that bit but anyway I just want to tell you I'm glad you're back and
could you uh send me a autographed stone okay all right there you look at 1119 at W.I.O.D
I'll send you something else autographed it should be ready in just a few seconds here we have an
open line I'm serious you're uh I'm telling you there's going to be a moving experience any second
here open line on the out of town line I'm telling you that cabbage soup with all that good
roughage in there boy that just sweeps through like a gigantic electric broom right through your
system man god and I'm sure there's still plenty of really neat stuff inside of me from uh the
hospital from days ago that hasn't been the siphon out yet mobile and for Lauderdale
Neil how are you great glad to hear everything went okay in the hospital
it was fabulous yeah there's experience in my life hey that uh jerk tick hauled earlier I mean
that guy the quarterback that asked you that question that's not it listen he calls like about once
every three weeks that's his uh occupation is that call you know that was it was Ross Perot
yeah probably listen how about Danny Jackson Ross will be okay tell him I got the right uniform on
today all right my little bow time my little knickers and my little a brown shirt
man that's what the country needs another homophobic autocrat in charge right listen how about
Danny Jackson there's puppies you're doing some we are really smoking now man yesterday the scene
there at Riggly Field he would have thought we just won the world series well from the money he
makes I guess they're gonna go crazy like that yeah I will listen I'm just want to tell you I'm
happy you're feeling better and good to hear you again thanks a pie a good day bye bye 11 20
a w i o d an open line and brown I'm gonna be amosing on downstairs in a moment here George just
keep that in mind you know it seems a crime in this day and age not to have all your memorable moments
on videotape from your baby's first birthday to your baby's wedding and all those neat operations
in between don't miss out go to Benson's camera and video for free demonstration in New Sony 8
millimeter camcorders you can always stick one through your neighbor's window and get something
you can probably a squeeze some money out of them for Benson's has the lowest prices on Sony
cancorders and offers the most knowledgeable service before and after the sale so before you get
a short circuit at some overpriced electronic warehouse save yourself the aggravation by going to
Benson's camera and video where their first price is always your best price the best camera and
video selection from major lines like Nikon codec Sony Canon Monota Pentax all the top names
Benson's camera and video stores in date county they're just six blocks out of the falls on
us one and in Broward County on southea university drive right across from the Broward mall
you miss gobergit night on friday you miss john goddys attorney albert Krieger it's not a matter of
being in jail under a life sentence and you make parole in five years ten years fifteen years
if uh... the appellate if the appeals are unsuccessful he will die in jail this is going to be
another big week on gobergit night comes to you nightly at eight o'clock we take off for last
Vegas on Wednesday for the holy field home spite and we'll be coming to you from Caesar's palace
for most of the week what could be better than that join us for goldberg at night Monday night at eight
on south florida's news traffic and weather station news talk radio six ten w i o d
united six its sports talk six times out for it is most listen to sports show followed by gobergit night
with hang colbert you know what i've discovered as reared it's ugly head while i was gone listen
can you hear that we got a dirty pot we got a dirty pot and guess what i was just downstairs so
we got two dirty pots how do you like that out yeah who's that on a bat like all look at that
morning yeah i'd have you back a little out of breath from running up and down the stairs wow
you take it easy my weekend condition well i had like an emergency there you know i should have
given you a ten minute break yeah god i feel better now though very good thanks for the
cabbage soup sunny oh that's your did it wow and you know what i discovered what did you
discovered i really do believe we have legionaries disease in this building oh there is a there's
an aroma in the hallway and believe me it's not from my recent experience there is something in this
place that is just uh people are falling left and right wow like flies did a channel seven investigation
right get them over here right now wow by the way also the i just mentioned this in passing the
guiding light special it was on a Friday night on cbs was the most the biggest disappointment the
biggest crock of garbage was it really oh man we saw like about three seconds worth of bird
power and two seconds worth of pop a bow and like four seconds worth of Rita and it was terrible it
was a big disappointment to me it's crap terrible awful it get you all up for it and then
right disappointment there was no mic power there was like about one second of the original ed
power there was just a nothing it's a such a great show and it's been on for so long and they got
all the video and they could have put something together good but instead of that it was crap
terrible yes you should just watch cub games now speaking of crap my bad luck they had
g in on a cable over at Mount Sinai no see you saw those game oh even the night they won the double
header from the cardinals they went on till the wee hours of the morning and it was the most
terminal and the most aggravating and they couldn't hit the ball out of the infield and it was just
went on and on and on and I was lying there like cock-eyed like propped up in that bed and I had
these awful migraines behind if you ever had a headache behind your eyes yes those are the worst
headaches in the world like right behind like the back they're so bad that the back of your eyeballs
ache that's how bad they are okay lay in there and I'm looking like oh we're in the 85th
inning and the cops can't hear the infield and a holly cow this is pathetic and oh yeah
the next night we lost the four run later yeah yeah yeah I think that was the first night I was
home as a matter what night was that was that Tuesday I think it was Tuesday yeah that was the
first night I was home and we get we all of a sudden against tukesbury who by the way is going
to kill us again tonight we all of a sudden we're smoking and we're scoring runs and we're
ahead for nothing and even Danny Jackson's got a big lead and low and behold a little bit later
it's in the toilet yeah and that's where I went a mad rush or four in a row now so listen I got
these gigantic horse pills I'd like you to try there like 7000 milligrams take one every five
minutes and let's see if you can survive it okay my little boy takes augmenting and they're big
pills for him he takes augmenting he has taken a oo oh god the pill doctors man these people are
murderers you're murderers remember I how long have you been listening have I been listening to me
to you yeah a long time back when I used to have guests yeah do you remember Henry Rothblatt
the great attorney Henry Rothblatt the criminal attorney who just absolutely was psychotic
about the medical profession and he used to come on doctor doctor he used to scream it he was
just great and the sad part about Henry is that he developed this melanoma on his wrist he got a
like a cancerous tumor wow and he was so crazy about doctors because he had represented many of them
over the years and seen the way that they had butchered up people all the horrible things they didn't
right and he just absolutely refused to trust any doctor and so the thing went up his arm and
into his brain and like in no time he was dead right does that so if you don't allow them to do it
to and if you're paranoid and you don't get any treatment then it's just as bad so it's brutal
it's just unbelievable on that note did you hear about Frank the guy that played Frank he had AIDS
he had he died he died yeah well how come we we just got through a couple of months ago do you
remember when we reading it on the year about how he had some kidney and he was taking treatments
he was going to have to take dialysis he was getting all that weight back and it was all a bunch
of crap and he had AIDS and he died that's it why you know what really bothers me why is it when
somebody has AIDS they have to go to such great lengths to cover it up right why is that why is that
so that somebody's going to think that they were gay well who the hell cares he's dead now anyway
what their hands is it made that's right god that's what I say too unbelievable but he died last
week I think it was Tuesday I wonder if Robert Reed had AIDS I don't know what did Robert Reed
die from by the way maybe what AIDS I think it was I think it was well see there you go
all these generalizations that's right well listen I'd have no idea what we're talking about I'm
just I'm just so happy that I was able to make it up and down the stairs you have no idea what a
tremendous experience that was one of the best of my lifetime well if you're happy I'm happy that's
what I'm here for have a great day bye bye 11 30 at W I O D where it's just like one constant B M B
in in this place we have an open line on the out of town line 1 800 944 W I O D yeah what are we
going to do about this pot you hear that we got a dirty pot this is such why am I getting excited
again I mean I've been here for almost four years it's not going to I go in a hospital a week I
think I'm going to come back it's going to change of course not it is such a slip shot such an
embarrassing such a bush league place what are the engineers doing what are the management people
doing what what exactly okay well put it down for a minute okay let it heal up for a while and come
in here and check something's out make the place work make it like a little smoother okay during
the break I'm sitting down there in the magic room and I hear this little voice from the next
stall going oh God oh God oh God I don't know who it was here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale hello
Neil yes my name is when and it's when Lynn Lynn yeah how you doing Lynn and I've been listening to
you for a while first there was a force listener because my husband listened to you right we have a
lot of people I better held it held it seriously held at gunpoint first to listen every day to the show
but I listen to you now because I I like your opinion you have some nice opinions and I agree with
a lot of them right I've been listening to you since you got back from the hospital yes and I
listened to Rick and said why you were in the hospital yes I'm not saying that this works for
everybody but I've recently within the last eight months had someone who went into the holistic
medicine with the juicing and the exercising things like that right and now I've gotten into it
and there's a book that I want to send you it's called juicing for life it's called the juicing man
no juicing for life and is that by Gary Null no uh Sherry Calbum and Marie well you sound so
defensive about this I happen to believe in that okay that doesn't mean I does mean I do it but
I happen to be a big believer in that kind of thing okay well that makes that makes it I know that
every day that we're on his planet we are being poisoned and we're just absolutely uh being
decimated it's a miracle we can get up in the morning absolutely I don't even bother going to
a hospital anymore it's like forget it I don't want to go there I won't go there I told I when I
got out of there I told the doctor there are only two ways you'll ever get me in any hospital again
either in a coma or in a box that's I'm I'm not joking those are the only two ways I will ever
go into a hospital again and I was I was listening to you earlier while I was on hold and you were
talking about body cleansing well there's a juice that you can drink that just like takes that and
it just like gets rid of like everything you know it takes everything bad it was it's rid of everything
yeah it's rid of everything but it it cleans out your system that's a body cleanser there's
one for cleansing your blood and it's let me cleansing your blood I don't have any of that
no I think I have blood I don't have any blood so Lynn I have no blood left you know they kept
coming in for more by solicin check the dipstick there you'll find zero there's none left there is
none left you've taken every drop I've got and in the meantime one of the first things they had
me just going crazy about was one of the doctors had me convinced that I was suffering in massive
internal bleeding because my blood count was so low okay now that's always a pleasant thing and
I said to Dr. Runger I says well what happens if you are having internal bleeding he said well
then we have to go open you up again now stop and think I'm lying there in this weakened condition
where I'm already terrified that I'm on that store and I'm being told well maybe if you're bleeding
inside we might have to open you up again which means of course more anesthetic and like we start
all over again and I said well when would you do that he said oh well we would only do that to
save your life oh and I'm thinking oh geez this sounds really promising now see I got into
this juicing thing and trying to go total vegetarian I'm not saying that it works for everybody
but it works for me and I got into it from a lady that I do health but that I did health keeping
for and when she went in to have her son five years ago the anesthesia would just cut off the
oxygen to her brain so therefore it cut off the oxygen to the brain and let her you know to
whether she couldn't walk and she had a speech him you know problem yeah so she got tired after
three years of going to medical doctors and nothing was happened well send me the book then I'll
send you the book Neil I appreciate it and let's hope we can get you away from them freaking
a hospital okay all right thanks a lot thanks thank you here's a lady from outside I hi Neil hi
last week we came to visit you a couple of nurses and restrieth therapists right you remember
a whole bunch of people came to visit especially after I came on the year with Rick Riley there were
all these people Eddie Morgan was there all the PR people and everybody that came in the room I said
the same thing I said I'm not going to get out of here alive but I did well surprise and you got
out alive because of the good medical nursing care oh yeah okay come on Neil what's the poem I
don't understand what went wrong do you understand what went wrong what does that mean it just
sound like neurotic about it yeah neurotic it was a lovely experience it was the first the best
defense is always being informed yeah and and that's one of the scary things but being hospitalized
hospitalized that people just don't understand medicine so every little thing that week obviously
takes a granted when people are coming in and making speeches that maybe you're going to have blood
clots in your lungs and you might be on the verge of death every minute or that maybe you're suffering
massive internal bleeding and then maybe you're going to bleed to death or we're going to have to
open you up to save your life it isn't really conducive to feeling that too secured you know what I'm
saying hey maybe there's there might just be something wrong going on here well okay so you
have to be calm and ask questions right right like what the hell is going on here Neil we were
very concerned about you yeah yeah there are a lot listen there are a lot of really wonder I'm
not I'm not just saying this because I said it before a lot of super people there at Mount Sinai I'm
really mean that including some of the nurses and a lot of the people in every facet there's
a lot of great people there but that's got nothing to do with everything else I'm talking about
oh what I mean you could have the greatest people in the world but if there are people who are like
you know scaring the crap out of you and you're suffering such anxiety and you can't breathe the
air and that you're inhaling of fumes that make you feel nauseous all the time it's not conducive
to getting well well I don't really understand what exactly went wrong no what you know what exactly
happened to you but yeah just seem that you got overly nervous right right right right well
just like you know that we're glad that you're home feeling better and back at work thanks
and please come back soon yeah see ya just pray that I don't and I'm sure they all are
they're good they're just kissing the ground but I'm out of there and hope that I never return hey listen
I'm just telling it like it is okay then I'm just I have no axe to grind I have no reason to say
things that didn't happen or I'm just telling it exactly what happened and it's a major
can-dale air conditioning has a service that I'm telling you every hospital I don't want to
be required to do this like on a very regular basis it's called the biotech duct sanitizing
system and hospitals and laboratories good ones that is have been doing this for years why
because viruses and other indoor pollutants can originate right inside those air duct sanitizing
is now considered essential I mean if you're just laying there or sitting around the house and
you're inhaling around the clock all that crap man it's going to make you sick as hell and
sanitizing should be performed only by licensed air conditioning contractors people who know
what the hell they're doing that's can deal with over 12,000 customers all over South Florida they're
one of the largest residential air conditioning specialists in the entire area and the biotech system
disinfected sanitizers and reseals the entire inner surface leaving your entire duct system
like new so when and doubt clean it out baby biotech eliminates microscopic algae spores bacteria mold
dust mites mildew disgusting gross nauseating sickening odors and it's especially great if you
have an allergy sufferer in the house or office too call candale air conditioning for a free estimate
and by the way they're going to make sure that your air conditioning system is more efficient too
when they're finished with this so you're going to save money every month on an FPNL bill as well
candale air conditioning 255 64 39 there's no obligation call them today for a free estimate 255 64 39 when
and doubt clean it out hey goldberg is your host for another gold mergid night video show tonight at 8
hi i'm the juicy man who can take an apple a good a bag of chips
haha
i have a plan on the television to and tell you a scan the light was the light was all the juicy man
nature's nectar the juicy man can cause he mixes at high speed and let's the juice come through
the juicy man makes all your wise mistakes do something work and twice
this just everything the damn thing squishes you can even use your dish
just
so good take a chicken
feather's feet and head
slap the weight of the bladder and the spring before it's dead
the juicy man can
oh the juicy man can
the
wonderful
you got pounding headaches take a banana cucumber two aspens and hammer
you got jackets take a peach kiwi fruit two sweatshirts and a jock strap
don't throw away that old spare tire
1142 a wiod here's a lady in the gables hello
hi Neil i'm so glad that you made it back alive
yeah just barely by the edge of my thing i hear y'all can empathize with you 14
months ago i went into the hospital to have a baby and good lord
between nurse ratchet and the doctor that barely made it there for the delivery
yeah i was ready to crawl out the window and go home and do it myself right it was awful
it was such an experience in such a nice hospital i mean the view is great but who the hell
cares right well when you're on the way out it's always nice to have a good view
uh... i have always said that
but um... it was quite an experience and i vowed never to go back again unless i was in a box
good and not able to tell you that i with all due respect to any hospitals and there are a lot of
good people and conscientious people the best way to deal with hospitals is to stay out that's
the best way safest way don't ever go in don't ever go in unless it's to visit and make sure you don't
end over right you have your temperature taken and they'll and they'll go to the other side
i got a great little story for it one of the nurses she wasn't the regular nurse but she was like
whatever maybe she works like one day a week she came in one evening and she was going to take
my temperature and they had two different thermometers sitting inside those little things on the tray
and she kind of looked at my face and then she kind of looked uh... you know and uh... she looked
at their thermometers she said well like which one is what i said both of them are like oral okay
she's oh that's good i don't want to make a mistake and put the wrong wise no i'm not too crazy
about that either okay i'm not into that
oh no i'm not making that up serious she thought one was erected thermometer and one was oral and she
was just wanted to make sure which was which gared of that gared of that yeah new bed
oh good lord well at least she got out and uh... we're glad to have you back at least i know i am
thanks take care have a great day you too eleven forty four at w i o d we have an open line in day
seven five one doctor and one in brodered five two four w i o d four lottery on the starline
hello hello yes how you doing deal okay what's happened i'm sorry i had a couple customers listen
you had a couple of customers yeah i'm at the swap shop take care of business sir
if you're playing that's okay listen let's get to the cross of the issue let's get to the meat of
the matter okay you're your bosses are hurting i i'm outraged in a paul that they didn't check on
you when you were sick and i know not not in the least are you sure are you sure you weren't on
anesthesia or sick that you'll remember no that that's gross i am i'm surprised i haven't had more
calls about that i just i can't get over it i mean even if they hate me like poison which believe
me the feeling is mutual it's just the idea that i mean here they knew certainly that i was
undergoing a really tough time because sharel was over there to visit and i mean you know i was
like talking to people who work here like george and sharel but as they certainly had to be aware
this was a horrendous experience not a card not a note not a flower not up your ass not anything
let me tell you something i heard i don't listen to rick and so it's often but i heard that
what you made and i couldn't believe it i didn't even know it was you until after you hung up and
he started talking about i didn't recognize your voice i was i was so desperate that once i knew
i was on the air i was just gonna blurred out anything that i could just to get the message across
because i really i really believed at that time that i would never get out and after that phone call
which needless to say word spreads fast all the PR people in a hospital started showing up people
who haven't even been invented yet i mean they were pouring into that room and no matter who they
were the first thing i would say when they would how you do mr. Rogers i would say i am never
going to get out of here alive that's what you must have said it four times and i i believe
that i i swear to you i really believed it have you heard have you heard the call
have they played the call for you at all do we still have that you got it you got to listen to you
it doesn't even sound like you i didn't know it was you it was me and i've been listening to you for
years i had no idea who it was until after they made comment i mean i was practically in tears
because the stuff that was going on was just so incredible and they just had me convinced that i
was gonna die and they sent me for this long skin and they strapped this thing around my head
and it just seemed like they were using me as some kind of a guinea pig i felt like i was in
Auschwitz or something well now you're back and alive and yeah i'm doing it you sound better
never right well have some kiske and relax a little bit okay and let me call two people douchebags
if you if you would please yes sir or when a major van parking douchebag and mark a major major
alarm installing douchebags okay thanks but take care okay do some business thanks
1147 at wiod we have an open line at broward 524 and the starline at star i od this Saturday by the
way 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. going to be at brands mart in the sawgrass going to be displaying the
Sony data disc man which i have one i'm going to take this home and just fiddle with it all evening
and believe me when i say that the only thing i'm going to be fiddling with is the dis man boy i'll
tell you it's gonna oh you know you're lying there and then of course all these like Omar who came
into wheel me down for my lung test and put me on the elevator and you see these interesting people
and you're asking you're wondering yourself am i ever even going to be able to think about that
again or is that just totally out of the question i mean even just you know what i'm saying it's like
forget it party your distant past here's a lady in Miami beach hello yes ma'am
you yes i have a personal question what is it how does it feel to get flowers and to be
able to smell them what how does it feel to get a bunch of flowers at a half of it have been
well enough to smell them right right right for people get it again so i want to ask you
yeah i smelled a lot believe me what do you i bet you did yeah i bet you did yeah he's
easy to have your operations to have a baby to have one to have a you're you have a gold blower
yeah i know i had both i had to go all blather and the baby out okay good animal would help
blackberry jam animal do it ma'am okay trust me clean your brains out for at least another week
we have an open line a day seven five one w i would eat she's probably the one that sends all those
letters that he keeps sticking up on you notice he keeps putting up on a wall it's from the same
two-old bags we've been writing the hate mail for 15 years and boy gary keeps sticking that
stuff about a wall out there talk about a sadistic asshole god is he something 11 minutes till noon
a w i o d the owner of a nineteen ninety one portion nine eleven just how good low jack really works
what his new car was stolen local police entered the stolen vehicle information about one p.m.
on monday may fourth just about a month ago just an hour and a half later hollywood police picked
up the hidden low jack transmitter signal and thirteen minutes after that let me say it again just
thirteen minutes later they found the portion and set up a surveillance in hopes of breaking up a
gang involved in the theft of expensive sports cars the surveillance ended Thursday morning and the
car was recovered the low jack recovery was so fast that the cellular phone and two sets of
expensive glasses were left untouched by the thieves the cooling off period is being used more
and more by local car thieves to make sure their target doesn't have low jack so join the low
jack network ask your new car dealer to have low jack installed when you buy your car or for
additional information or to range for installation call our good old pal Elaine toll free right now
at one eight hundred fifty three low jack that's one eight hundred five three five six five two two
one eight hundred five three five sixty five twenty two low jack the only security system that
offers total protection prevention and recovery catch the latest news traffic and weather info each
morning with micron area the morning information team just before the meal rushes show
this is ward not as pedophile eleven fifty two at w i o d and let's do a lady in tamarack hello
hello nil yes ma'am so glad you're back and i just wanted to tell you i call George every day
for information on your condition yeah now the management are sons of bitches i may say right
they do not this is supposed to be your station for news mhm they didn't give one word
well how could how could they give a word because they weren't the in contact with me so what was the
word how could they give they didn't care this is like a dear friend being in the hospital and you are
unaware of what's going on yeah they really put us through what did i think we're idiots to listen
to repeat just in case they they think to put put your condition on i am self furious at them
and George was the only one who would explain what was going on right at your station for news you know
what they can do with their news that's my opinion i'm like disney right that's my opinion yeah
and i'm glad you're back and i love you and i'm glad you're healthy and everything is fine
thanks a lot and if you ever do get sick god forbid don't count on my business need to be at your side
okay okay thank you nil thanks bye bye sons of bitches she said that might be pretty strong
language but she sure is getting close we have an open line at brown no we don't in the out of
town line they mean up in pop beach they don't care i'm dead or alive well i listening i guess
they can tell the difference can't they 1 800 944 wiod 1 800 944 9463 why isn't it a law in the state of
florida that every time you get a prescription you must get the package insert so you can read the
information okay why are you people such guinea pigs and why do you allow these doctors and pharmacists
to dip to dittle you around like some kind of morons why god where is bob Mendelsson when we need
him i'll tell you where he is he's dead he was so right boy i've ever a man told it like it was he
was the guy and if anybody out there has got that book that he wrote called the first one was
confessions of a medical heretic but the what about hospitals i think was called temple of doom
about hospitals and what they do to you there and about all the iatrogenic diseases that people
get from being in a hospital if anybody's got a copy of that i sure would love to have it i'd
give almost anything for that like at least a book for a lot of day hello on the yeah how you
going great get off that speakerphone sir come on get with it get with it come on fine you don't
know you're going to get on a real phone yeah all right here i come on come on
all right here i am okay jeez how are we going the speakerphone was almost better than this no one
used the speakerphone your phone sucks also it's not my phone my friend's phone your friend's phone
sucks tell him to get a new one tell me your phone sucks yeah yeah right so what's up
i get another phone if you want it no that's okay don't think so no because fuck me oh no they don't
we're hot we're doing it we're right up there with a pathetic mess and have a nice life
hope the line and broward 524 wild here's a lady in haelandale hello hi yes listen
nail so many people try to read you and when i called mount fine i i think i had somebody who
brain debt i said nail roger's please give me his room number she looks it up she said he's not here
and i well i wasn't i wasn't there under that name i was under my real name i say and i told them i
said the if people call for my real name then fine that somebody i know and want to talk to
yes but if people call for neal roger's absolutely and then one night they started putting callers
through i felt like i was doing a talk show i had three in a row and they were putting callers through
well i figured that because the whole world would be calling you but i wanted it was the chance to
send a card or something and that dear man who was really a great friend craig worthy yes
they kept us close to i forgot to mention that i want to thank craig you know he drove me down
to my all the way he lives in bokeh and he came down and picked me up last friday and drove me all
the way down to my doctors to dr. ongers office because i had to have the staples removed you know
they staple you know they don't so you up anymore with stitch it wasn't bad it really wasn't
bad although it's a little uncomfortable once they're like protruding and you're walking around like
some kind of a robot but he drove me all the way down there and back home and i want to thank him
he's a super guy yeah to talk of a little happiness and you deserve it you know yesterday in the
Miami herald the uh the Gulfstream park uh had the little uh price schedule for uh accommodations
for the breeders cup and uh you're worth $176 for uh trackside table you want to go
i thought certainly something like that would turn a smile do you like the $176 yeah what's
wrong with that oh that's that's on saturday the big day yeah and if you have i think eight or
ten in your party it's a little bit better rate but uh do you enjoy the flats as much as you do
the trotters no i thought not to use don't trotters didn't you yeah well uh if we can get a group
together wouldn't it be great ten or twenty real degenerates to go to the breeders cup yeah i'd love it
as you say now that the the worst is behind you let's get a life right okay thanks good recovery
now thanks a lot bye bye eleven fifty eight as a matter of fact uh speaking of how much i enjoyed the
trotters a fat rich picked me up and drove me uh up and back friday and cerid night to pump an
o park how do you like that and friday had a very pleasant experience one a few bucks cerid night
a much less pleasant experience it lost a few bucks although that wasn't the part that was less
pleasant the part was that some see people come and they say hello and that's fine i don't mind
that at all a joe and rich with air frankenstein or whatever his name is now
i was riding on a train to austin texas
oh and the very lovely lady said next to mine
when she got a pig eat she has to buy what holds her sight
i was more than happy to the mel is more i'd like to do
i want to kiss her but she won't let me
i want to whisper sweet nothing's in her ear
i want to hold her behind closed doors and more
i want to kiss her but she won't let me
when she returns she said she was an actress
she showed me an album of pictures of her opening which he then sitting on
she seemed to switch she could be but i'm a clearless see she was the kind of girl
whose tall man's heart is then wrecked on
i want to kiss her but she won't let me
i want to whisper sweet nothing's in her ear like
i want to hold her behind closed doors and more
i want to kiss her but she won't let me
well i'll never forget that train ride down to austin
we're saying you're the sweet and we shared our tales
but as my heart tried to leave her behind
regrets are all i was fine because i hope that could bad girl in the end
i want to kiss her but she won't let me
i want to whisper sweet nothing's in her ear
i want to hold her behind closed doors and more
i want to kiss her but i want to kiss her but
i want to kiss her but she won't let me
well it's another sleepy Monday in dry goals 1208 to wio
do we got three open lines on the board hey things haven't changed the damn bid
have they two of them in brown and five two four and one on the other town line 1-800
what's it all about alphie pemberk pines on that's another good thing about my vision you know
is like all blurred up now and it probably after like what six seven months it'll start like
all readjusting and the body parts will start falling back into place pemberk pines
nail how you doing great glad to hear you back on there yes sir
still i know you're not much into basketball but did you see last night's game the problem
no but i certainly saw the aftermath and all the barbarians up in jacobo every time
detroited happened in pittsburg it happened every time a team wins a championship that a bunch
of assholes come out and just go crazy and tear the city apart and burn cars on fire and ripped
uh it's what the hell's it all about what is it all about uh what i was talking about is bob
costus in the locker room yeah the other guys about five foot four yeah interviewing these guys
it was the step one campaign on his head was he on a step ladder no that's a sad part i think
it would have been great if michael jordan would have picked his ass up and slammed dunked him through
the basketball i think i'd have wanted to watch sour with michael jordan
now he's sitting there with his phony interviewing you know he's he's just looking for someone
interview because no everyone's just walking by him and then you see bill cart right walk
him by and he goes oh where's bill cart right bill cart right comes walking up have you ever heard
that man speak nil no you ever heard froggy on the little rascals yeah bill cart right comes up
well it's been great to be uh repaid and now we're up there with the coyote and the lakers and
they all unbelievable these guys are just freaks of nature i'm sure glad it's over i'll tell you that
they'll baseball season yeah i'm the one they cause well congratulations you guys are just
shocking and i can't believe rick suckleves got nine wins it's enough to make me wish i was back
in a hospital again and dandy jackson's tearing up the league where and dandy jackson is god man
maybe things are looking up new yeah we're doing it we're right on the edge all right nil you take
care workout bomb your a douchebag good luck to you all right nil see you 10 afternoon at wd
half the board is empty already so i guess the audience has shot their uh
respective wad huh they've done it well what do you want me to say i mean look at that is that a
pretty sad commentary or what we're into our third big hour on return monday here while it's monday
it wasn't a good idea to come back on a monday you should know monday's heard ruff come back like
i kind of went there someday when it's convenient for the audience to call in and tell you or whatever
that how they want to say yeah right two open lines in broder let's go let's go let show us you
were alive for god's sakes oh god this town is hopeless five two four w are these lines working come on
oh you got to be joking me are these really working or what god they're just absolutely a heart
list and i'm actually laying here in a hospital thinking that somebody gives a crap that i'm going
to get a phone call from somebody in the position of authority in this place who gives a flying crap
i must be i must be dreaming there must be it must have been from the anesthesia i must still
been hallucinating the whole time i was in there speaking of hallucinogens i almost thought that we
had a call from ponytail you know there's another guy absolutely not a word not a card not a pizza
that would have been great you know what i would have done for a slice of pizza when i was in that
place oh god what that would have done to my whole system you'll find the world's best pizza at
the pizza loft everyone is cooked to order never made conveyor belt style everything over there at
the pizza trough is made with tender care and love and they put a whole bunch of crap in it
Italian specialties like their award-winning lasagna and stuffed shells and manacotti and baked
ziti in their famous eggplant parmesan and that great fugaza pizza which is some really unique
stuff made with those great spicy onions and special spicy sauce you've never tasted anything like
it in your life if you have any kind of a party coming up they'll cater it for you for as little
as four bucks per person and because Jeff wants to retire at a very early age and go fishing with
all the dolphins every day they never close i mean every holiday no matter what it is they're going
to be open for you serving up their great homemade Italian goodies and the best pizza in time
here's the number to call for deliveries or if you'd like to call a hoed and have your order a
piping hot and ready when you get there two six six fifty one eleven and if you're really
nice to Jeff I'll even let you die in the prestigious neo-rodgers dining room two six six five one one
one for the pizza loft upstairs at sixty-ninth and flagler in Miami just east of the Palmetto express
way the opinions expressed in this program are not necessarily those of six n w i would be rich
right okay there's our disclaimer that we play every thirty seconds because the management of the
station thinks the show is gross and they want to make sure that you understand they have
nothing to do with it what are you eating now god just eating and eating and eating and eating and
eating what the hell is it since since you came in here today you haven't stopped eating you just
you started out with sunny very early and what happened to the other sandwich you wait in both
you wait two sandwiches they brought across here what was that corn beef see why is that necessary
i mean i appreciate it but if you're going to bring me a sandwich why does it have to have
thirty pounds of meat in it okay why does it have to be so big that only false teeth will go
around it you have to be able to remove your teeth from your mouth to get them around the sandwich
what is that prove why does anybody need so much meat right exactly nobody needs all that meat
so what is it now you're reading after two what chicken all it's the company lunch day okay
yeah well if ever there was a chicken operation there's a word missing in there but if ever there
was one this is the place bointin on the starline hello yes me all hi i am a first time caller and i
read once the call in and say hello we're driving down into Miami from the keys we just got over
the seven mile bridge driving down into Miami from the keys yes you mean you're driving up into Miami
right why do people always do that like they said they're in Miami they say oh i'm going down to
New York this weekend i don't know how come it says bointin beach on here well i don't know you don't know
no no but i wanted to tell you we had a great time in the keys and except for this one part where we
got thrown out of this store i was wearing i have a high that i wear around my neck you have hives
i have a high it's a a high symbol yes a high yes not a high a high
hi right no not a high and what about it well this this jerk the guy who owns the store threw us out
why he said we should go across the street to the june across the street who on that store
wasn't that nice yeah so i'm telling there already too many goyem in the world okay
why i'd be calling him at this bag okay see ya what a call is that kind of like leave you
just scratching your thing and wondering what that was all about you're just scratching the chicken
bone in there right now at least it looks like a chicken bone 1217 to wiod we have an open line
starline at star i od here's maria yes maria i just had a bout of maria
god i'm telling you the airwaves were barren without you maria let me tell you something the airwaves
in this town are so barren that it's embarrassing okay this is this this market is on a on a
par with o'cala florida that's the level of entertainment on radio in this market i see steve
ziggler walking down the hall and i want to tell him that we have a problem in our pot and i want
the engineering people to get their act together and clean up our pot i have it on good authority the
reasons that management didn't spend you yes flowers they should only rot they should only rot they
should only die a wicked death yes i hear authority told me yes that you know by the way i hate to
interrupt you before you go on yeah share old by the way notices out today hope she's not feeling
ill or something what she is here now i have good news and bad news share all the good news is my
mother brought me a whole of a thing full of mandal bread to bring in for share all today
the bad news is i ate it all gone i ate i did i ate all of it good for you the whole bag full it
was great oh gosh well anyway higher authority told me the reason they didn't send you flowers yes
you're going to get a big fat salary increase oh maria you really have a sense of humor don't you
yeah well maybe i'll put a bug up you know well you know yeah how about putting your foot up his
will be even better okay say this is from Neil right anyway welcome back dear thanks maria
keep on okay okay love bye boy she does have a sense of humor huh open line and date 751
wiod here's uh boy i sure wish i could read the screen plantation hello hello what was that i don't
know thank you my mom my mom the phone i know you are frankie he's on the phone on the radio right now
the phone please he's on the radio he's an important radio caller now and mama's on there
punching around on your call hey you jeez hey thanks listen i got a beef implantation yes
got a comment to make there's this guy across the street we had a party about a week ago yeah accidentally
left the car across the sidewalk for a night yeah he called the cops the next day oh jeez
yeah sour piss the cops come the cops on me and i got a thirty dollar ticket yeah for what
for having the car over the sidewalk you know excuse us sir okay excuse us for running your
pathetic old decaying life what a pathetic guy that is i mean this is plantation you know yeah figures
yeah the public in right yeah i just wanted to call him a douche bag okay don't do it again frankie
all right tell mom to stay off the phone yeah i will okay all right see you
20 afternoon at wild now we're starting to get some good calls dammit
including maria with her sense of humor about to go to give me a big raise which is why they didn't
bother send me a pansy or two or anything like that
this was mostly spontaneous guys we don't need to hook up wireless mics and strap the bartenders
down hold on just a second yeah all the partners are busy man okay all we can hear you good marvin
hey marvin okay we got a shot at tell him a shot at where we'll go okay now you need to get a shot of
um kaluah that is right but splash the kaluah oh yeah old rinco and specialoh
oh it's better oh man hey make that two kone drinkos here we can judge this Monday afternoon on south
florida's news traffic and weather station news talk radio six stand wiod
catch the latest news traffic and weather info each morning with micrenary in the morning
information team just before the neo-ruchus show booga booga 1225 and wild and we need to get our pot
clean hear that we got a dirty rusty disgusting pot all it takes is one of those little spritsers
what were your spritz it though let's take the whole border part right on the ear here let's just
unscrew it and rip all the guts out kind of like being in the hospital here's a lady in Miami
hello hi Neil hi i'm so glad you're back but i have a little story to relate to i'm almost glad i
back and that's saying a lot well i had a similar experience i went into the hospital on friday
for a very routine procedure of blasting a kidney stone with a laser and it was very hard
i didn't know they could do that i'm telling you they put some kind of a tube up in me all the way
to my kidney that's calm and it feels like it's made out of cactus and i've suffered the whole weekend
sick from the anesthesia pain from the thing and well wait a minute i feel just like you do
about doctors in the hospital you had a local or general general oh you had general oh man
i came out in the next day but i've been 10 you've been what i've been sick the whole weekend i'm
seeing what happened did they get the written stone at least they broke it up but i mean
i got to have this tube taken out today and they talk like it was thing you know yeah and i
can certainly piece of cake anybody that says piece of cake just run the other direction screaming
and yelling oh my god if i ever get another stone i want somebody to shoot me yeah
just wanted to tell you i understand how you feel i'm going through the same thing
hope and i'll get relief when they take this tube out i'm telling you well you're not going to
they're not going to have to put you under anesthesia again i don't know but i don't think it's
going to feel good i'm going at 230 are you serious not to the hospital they're going to do it in the
office oh no no boy it's just been like a lost weekend for me yeah know what you went through well
good luck well thank you save save the tube for a posterity okay glad you're back thanks okay bye bye
peace of cake nothing to i boy no problem yeah you tell them rich 1227 at wiod we have an
open line and date 751 night actually piece of cake sounds pretty good right now piece of anything
sounds pretty good right now do we have anything that i like in there god i gave away the sandwich
because it was big enough for a horse and i don't want to start just because my gallbladder's
out right now and i don't have to watch what i eat so much is not an excuse for me to start ballooning
up to a jacket what is in that that's the sandwich well i might take half of that it's just too much
meat you know i mean if it's good meat that's great but too much meat is not not good believe me take
it from somebody who knows just the right amount of meat is where it's at not all that meat here's
a four-letter hall no hi welcome back sir yes sir what a week what a week who puts together the
best of nail George puts together what does he do just randomly pick out a day or something he said
your number one and number two and number three how do you like that am i wrong and are you wrong
about what am i wrong where did what what what what what do you do you think that while i was
going to most do you think that i ever turned the station on even once not a chance not for a moment
i never gave it a thought see you know what bothers me about this place i realize it's a business
and i realize they pay me a lot of money but you know something it may come as a shock to some of
these graver obras here there are more important things in everybody's life than wild or any other
radio or television do you understand what i'm saying i mean like if you feel like your whole life
is flashing before your eyes the last thing you're all concerned about is what kind of manure they're
going to slab slab on here for four hours to fill in the time because i know them they'll throw
anything in there they'll throw tapes of grandma Moses farting on the year for four hours if that'll
fill the time they don't and they can get away with it they don't care not one time not one time
during the week was there any uh you know during that time was there any uh update or anything well
that's really very frustrating well that's very nice isn't it it's very well it actually was
frustrating isn't that interesting that i had to call in from the hospital and beg to get a
oh and you want to hear that you want to hear the best part i call in marvin here's another thing
that goes on in this station i call i had talked to rick off the year at about a quarter to two
okay because i was really frantic i really felt like somebody needed to know i wanted to get out of
there so i call in about ten minutes after two and as usual and i don't know what the bad
line number is i forgotten it long ago i call in on a regular call in line day line right and
the same old crap with marvin w i o d please hold and he puts me on hold i don't even get a chance i'm
i'm like uh uh marvin it's me but no chance i'm on hold and i'm sitting listening to the pre-delay or
whatever i mean i just can't believe what goes on in this radio station if you had like a life and
death emergency and you didn't know the bad line and you called up and you wanted to talk to
somebody off the year at please hold and you're seeing their listening to a motivator whatever
this i mean what kind of crap is that well i always think in earlier when you when you said you
hadn't heard from disney or any of those other guys i i think of my position i think of most other
people um who are employed by someone if i were to have gone through the same thing that you did
you know damn well that i hear from my employer you know you know what really cracks me up you remember
when they were squeezing the nine through the ten half hour out of me and the rationale was because
i was so important to w-i-o-d that it was just essential for me to do that extra half hour even though
it was yeah i was so important i was important enough to get the extra half hour out so i could
boost the ratings up and and and bolster up that pathetic hour in there but i'm not important
enough that even like a phone call like a like sign you know how far it is from here to mount
sign i do you know how far it is i mean w-i-o-d is in north bay village on the you can't
he cause way out here mount sign our hospital as you could throw a rock from here to where it is i'm
i-e beach okay now pox on them they should you know quite honestly they should be embarrassed to
cry to pass you in the hall for the next exactly no lenient let them let them pass this
have a great hey hey uh it's good to hear you back thanks hey care see you
twelve thirty one and they may not be good but at least what what are you going to do just
sit that in the window there for the next hour and a half maybe i'd like to apply a soup i
have the sandwich right i don't want any i don't you think i want more soup it was very good but i
listen one trip downstairs i'm in a weakened condition i can't keep running up and down the
stairs like the good old days with the green apple oh and let me tell you the best story okay
see you think that you've heard all the stories i got millions of stories and each one of them is true
i want you to listen to this very carefully George you were a witness the day before i go in for
my surgery was a thursday right a week ago thursday do you remember jim can't find the remedy
came in here and brought me a little special gift that day remember those chocolates remember that
that little box from the nut place up there and he says to me he says don't worry this has no sugar
in it's not regular chocolate and also it doesn't have any sorbitol okay now keep in mind this is
the day before i'm going to go in for my surgery in which case you want to be in your struggles you
certainly don't want to be in a weakened condition you don't want to have the green apple quick
step all afternoon evening on the day before you go in for your surgery feeling like you have no
energy in your body well guess what it may not have been sorbitol but it was some tall
to make the short and the tall and the long of it because from about an hour after i got home
that afternoon until until i can remember i had an experience though which you can't even begin
to imagine okay from those candies they opened my body up like somebody had stuck gigantic like a
pitchfork in my colon so thanks a lot jim can't find the remedy for making me like i was in a panic
i thought oh geez i sure hope at least this ends before i have to go in for the surgery which i
had to do the first thing the next morning oh man thanks a lot remedy man you guys back there
continue to be the best they are just they're indescribable they're just continuing to play with
my life and my body just leave me alone do not bring me anymore food do not bring me anymore
anything just stay away from my face and stay away from my life and go out there and write a bunch
of bogus contracts and leave us alone is what i say that's a good pastrami sandwich from
Sundays this morning and the soup was great only too much so i took like all the excess meat off
there and i got about a pound and a half extra why do places do that can you explain to me why any
like some of the deli type places that i want to mention their names and they have the big sandwiches
and they're like there's like four times more meat than there needs to be like oh look while
we're giving you for your money okay that's why the sandwiches like nine ninety five i don't want to
pay ten dollars for a sandwich okay how about give me a sandwich for like three ninety five and give
me like a third or a half of all that meat i don't need all that meat nobody in the world needs all
that meat you're poisoning us you're tearing our kiscus out with those gigantic obnoxious self-indulgent
concoctions why why are you doing that to us and as far as norm kent is concerned let me say it again
doctors and lawyers are the absolute scourge of american society there is a strung our world
the planet in which we live it's a disgrace and how come instead of wasting his time playing radio
on a make-believe radio station talking to out the cockers every day and pretending to be something
that he's not why isn't this man out there fighting the evils of the medical profession like the
late henry Rothblatt god do we need another henry Rothblatt to come back on air and scream doctor
what is your conscience doctor he was the best he was the greatest
we need another henry Rothblatt not these whips out there who are busy running around try to be
overgrown a baseball players we need people who give a damn about protecting the public and about
correcting the injustices of mankind that's what we need norm here's a lady in kendal
hi how you doing Neil i'm doing fine hi i'm glad to hear your back and i just wanted to call and
say i have a serious to why your managers didn't call to check upon you what is that because they're
very jealous of you and they're happy when they see you down right absolutely you are
I when they see you down right hi i want to call somebody a douche bag who's going around here
assassinating my character okay his name is Carlton and i want to call him the douche's
nasty of the bags that's my opinion i'm like disney okay all right bye bye have a great day
oh 1241 at wild we have an open line in date 751 i'll tell you the only thing they care about in
this radio station is whether you come to the christmas party and suck around i'm serious that's
the only thing they care about all right they don't give a damn if you're dying if you're lying if
you're alive if you're dead all they care about is if you're like play along and suck around
and suck up to a bunch of people that hate you like poison and a few of them you hate them like
yeah come around and pretend okay put on this big plastic front for us that's all they care about
to come to the christmas party and suck around lot then they like you oh what a great guy man
let's take his mother did lunch again so i hope Cheryl got the message about all
that delicious mandal bread that my mother brought yesterday i hope bag full and my mother and my
aunt left after a nice lunch and a nice gathering that was a little bit too long but and uh from
the time they left the time i went to bed just slowly but surely i ate it all i was just can't
eat only two or three pieces of mandal bread you have to eat the whole bag full it was delicious
Cheryl hollywood try and the hell are you doing great hey how's mom doing anyway she's crazy as ever
because i heard on that best of i guess last time the air conditioner was out or something like that
i think i even heard grandma Moses farting a couple times on that show yeah the fact that we're
going to be taking excerpts at that for the next tape yeah really this is your chronic dead
beat pal from california yeah what's going on did you get my card about one i got by the way thanks
to everybody who sent cards there were like jillions of cards and notes and stuff and that was very
nice totally more than i got from this place yeah that's really a pauling man i'm gonna keep
mentioning it for about a week till i get it out of my system i mean i grant you it's not a big deal
but it's just it's just common sense it's just common courtesy if the janitor had a hang nail
was in a hospital for two days they would send him a card not as much as a phone call nothing
i know nothing and especially you would think after last monday when i made that frantic call when
i was right i'm not joking i really was desperate i was praying somebody would just come over
there and kind of run interference to save me from what they were trying to do to me over there
well maybe they'll think about it now yeah hey i want to breath i'll let you know when to exhale
hey hey how big and how many were there man i didn't uh i have no idea all they didn't tell
rick and suds have better idea because they evidently got a call from somebody who was uh
some kid who was in on a procedure over there you know somebody in oh r they have like a squirt by
squirt uh the squirt by squirt description yeah yeah i mean that would have been something good to
uh you know have a bedding line on it right i think they in fact that they were doing that the day
before i went as i was driving home that afternoon getting the sorbitol out of my system
uh i heard they were doing that at the overrun ongers
Felix hunger no doctor Harold hunger anyway all right hey we're glad you're back
me on my dog needs a walk so i gotta go okay all right like hope it all comes out okay 1244
wio d yeah my mom took care of my dogs for a couple of days got pretty cozy with them as a matter of
fact kind of took over my entire household but i don't want to get into that because then and i
come home Tuesday morning i practically break out of the hospital i drive up to my house in my
mother's car and my maids car are there side by side does that indicate you that there's trouble
already oh man she has taken my maids name and address and shoe size and breast implants and i
mean everything that's ever been invented and uh it got better from there here's a lady from
cocoa plum hello the lady from cocoa plum is gone well up yours honey okay i'm really so sorry
that you had to wait more than 30 seconds to get on a year people who do that i'm telling you
somebody should come along and just strap them to a hospital bed and forced them to undergo
every invasive procedure that's ever been invented and maybe try a few new ones as in like hey prob this
huh we have an open line in date 751 wio d let's do Miami hello hey nia yeah how you doing buddy
great pal great i uh i thought you two they morning going down palmeadow i was the crazy floor in the
uh Subaru remember you were getting on to the turnpike going down to palmeadow i mean going down
95 getting on to the turnpike and i was getting on to the palmeadow Tuesday uh yeah when you come
home from the hospital oh you mean going up see there you're doing it again going up the uh yeah
right now you were coming home from the hospital right and i was going to work i remember
yeah i was like that i was so dizzy i didn't know what happened i was like too hot that i
bet i wasn't driving too good either i remember you know i started a vet and i said yeah that
looks like niels but i said to myself well yeah he's doing the hospital and it's the good
was me alright yeah when i saw you i was like what there he is so how you feeling i'm not doing too
bad i'm glad to be alive you know what makes you really appreciate the fresh air and the flowers
and whatever else you got yeah that's great i still can't believe the company didn't uh you know
take care you say hello or nothing that's terrible zero they still have it yeah right okay i just
wanted to wish you my best okay thanks a pile yeah bye bye see ya 1246 at wio d we have an open line
and date here at all heart radio where we care enough to send our very best not got those slow
moving break dragon bumper to bumper blues must be your stuck in traffic right now i guess you
missed that traffic report on six ten wio d stop singing and stay tuned to six ten wio d for skywatch
six ten traffic updates heard each day from the morning into the afternoon and throughout the night
skywatch six ten traffic from south florida's news traffic and weather station news talk radio six ten
wio d and bust a bumper to bumper blues there's plenty of baseball action this weekend right here join
us saturday and sunday for the best american and nationally game 1250 10 to one at wio d man i'm feeling
better now you know why it's almost one o'clock and by just before two o'clock i'm going to be feeling great
Miami hello welcome back sir thank you so much sir two things yes you're in a meta tight
and it's been gone Danny Jackson has won two games in a row can i ask you a question how is it the
pirates lost 13 out of 16 games in her 700 games ahead now can you explain that to me yeah and jimler
say is crying for the what's jimler jim the fave whoever the hell is name is love the fave yeah well
i'm a Yankee fan i don't care about it anyway but bobby bond heard his back he strained a muscle in
his right side bobby bonds are very bad very bobby same difference you know what i'm talking for you
know your baseball you ought to be doing our sports talks show you know and another thing about the
medication you were given it don't blame it on the people in the pharmacy department because my
better half works here because what i better have worked that month i didn't get it from out
sign i got it from the pharmacy where i get my what does that got to do with anything oh okay i'm
sorry i apologize but Danny Jackson's won two in a row since you've been sick that gave you your hand
so i said that already okay very nice day i hope you feel better thanks boy 12 52 at wio d here at the
Heinrich Himmler School of Better Health and Healing we have an open line in day at 751 field this
and here's what i can't read this at all i mean i can but i have to like like my in other words
the whole vision pattern is changed which is good because i have these great progressive lenses i
just have to like put my head up like a bird oh hey there you are see like if i'm going to see
you you have to stand on the ceiling west pond beach hey Neil how you doing great
hey Neil the met's rule the national league east yeah that's obvious see him take care of the
pirates away they did it boy they are really smoking fall part of the master plan right
give them a false sense of security right exactly when they least that one at least expected win a
game you think Jeff tolleborg's gonna be the manager after the all star i think how are Johnson couldn't
hit you with a bat from two feet away that's what i thought right next year they're going to
sign pocket and bonds and they'll be okay okay see you later i could lock up you feel better thanks
i noticed by the way George Steinbrenner i mentioned this for my good close personal friend Alan
Jay Finkelson thanks to the poppin o park sent me this beautiful gigantic fruit basket with lots
i mean like with good stuff in it you know sometimes people send you stuff like that and it's like
all this artsy farcee it's stuff you throw away it's direct but this was great and i really
appreciated that but what i started to mention is that Alan's great personal friend George Steinbrenner
thought he was going to muscle his way back in and get permission to start poaching around with the
Yankees again next year and low and behold at the very last moment comes to find out that all these
people are ready to step forward and testify that he was like already involved when he wasn't
supposed to be and like not so fast fey if fey Vincent isn't the worst commissioner of baseball
in history of the game i'd sure like to know who was i'll tell you that he is at a
scratch he is a disgrace never trust a man named fey i'll tell you that right now a little piece
of personal advice do not trust anybody named fey boca and nail yes sir i want to know the day
that article from your times about the botz doctor's botz surgery it was in yesterday's son sent
old page three a thanks to my sister was in the hospital for a cold water yeah and the same
thing happens if puncture long oh my respirator punctured her long puncture yeah right through it
and so what happened we almost lost are you cereal yeah jazzy piece of cake and now it's in
credible okay good luck yeah see ya that was the best call we've had in years on this show that
was great i like his style we have an open see in spite of all adversity you just have to look
at the good things in life that's what they say in the hospital when you're lying there in a pool
of your own blood we have an open line on the out of town line like lunches only minutes away
that's always a good thing i mean the stuff that they bring you i wouldn't see i haven't even
scratched the surface i didn't mention about the morning that the blood test results showed my
blood sugar was 300 which is very high and they were bringing me like apple juice and ice cream and
of course i'm diabetic so that made all the sense in the world let's see if we can't get it up to
maybe 500 and then put them into a diabetic coma just to make it perfect that would be a good idea
and of course my panic doctor i don't want to mention which one that was but doctor panic across
the street oh yeah bye bye he's giving me insulin i said i don't want insulin don't you understand i
don't take insulin now just one time okay i mean he goes into such a panic and that see that's
what i like is that good calm reassuring bedside manner like hey you're gonna die that that's
that's what i like seriously that's just exactly what you need when you're lying there helpless
in the hospital and like your whole life is flashing before you are your eyes you need somebody
who is absolutely overreact and gets you crazy i mean even in high anxiety mel Brooks never saw
anything like what i'm standing i'm not you you're laughing i'm not exaggerating oh you're bleeding
inside oh you're lungs blood clots i right hey i feel better already just having you around doc
just hold my hand and uh oh god on second thought hold this we have an open line in day 751
wiod and one on the out of town line one eight hundred allergic reaction that's i think that's
what i'm having the whole audience allergic reaction here's a big report in the hall in popinale
the top of the morning i don't need to move to you yes sir whatever it is that's the
health i just you know just help that you're you're healing up and attacking a lot i called a station
left me yeah i'm sure they had a lot of information to find out well actually i don't know who i spoke
with but uh it just rain quick somebody finally picked it up and uh just want to find out if they
have any knowledge of what was going on and only said uh yeah we talked to them all the time
yeah right right so there you go uh 95 between sampler road and hill for a more
well i found thirteen counts of thirteen of them wow they have it a picnic out there but you're
lucky day folks thirteen of them there you go great gotta keep the stats up yes sir they'll keep
healing up and uh we'll talk to you soon thanks a lot bye bye 1257 at wiod starlines open star i od
oh man i feel so much better now look now look at this i'm gonna have to throw out all of that
pastrami there's like about a quarter of a pound there and pastrami is not cheap but
you know you guys are making these sandwiches it's not that we don't appreciate it but it just
isn't necessary to overdo the amount of meat too much meat is a killer believe me
i think these guys over there must be from the john home school of sandwich making or something i mean
enough is enough let's use a little bit of moderation okay hollywood i don't know great i just
want to say welcome back and i cannot believe that the public only kick it from serious
yes i don't i mean not their own you know the best thing that happened to the cubs
was that was when sami sosa got hit on the hand with that pitch and fracture to bone in his hand
and yesterday you notice how dug the senzo ripped that great double in the gap and set up that
beginning and you know we finally got sami out of the line up that's the secret trick as we got
his ass out of there i can't believe the only three out of you know five hundred i can't believe it
right yeah hey it doesn't feel your butt yeah and then also i wanted to say uh my
disney and boy gary and management both much assholes hey manor alright thank you for your
persprication observations we have three open lines now as we approach the gigantic dreaded one
to two hour one in day seven five one w i o d starline if you got bell soft mobility please i know
it's monday i really apologize for putting the tremendous amount of pressure on the audience
that i have today i should have had enough common sense to come back like i don't choose the
Wednesday would have displayed a much greater amount of class in my part i apologize north my
Emmy hello hello now welcome back thank you sir i think i was in mount sami i think i had the same
guy inside of me that you did over there really yeah the surgeon the wine doctor hunger yeah yeah i
was in mount sami i had a couple operations to see i pray and i'll make really yep i'll be damn
well i was wondering if the person who recommended him to you was a good friend or not so a good friend
i was wondering you know how to rate him now that was fat rich well i don't know how to take that fat
rich okay now okay good luck you sir and i'm gonna say greatest yanta in the world fat rich peace
okay no problem at all mr fat mr ex let me tell you something the only thing bigger than the
one the two hour is that that be all is boy you see a cow oh
as you are you've worked out for nerve and you thought we're some big college band
from Atlanta some place will sure just like them all our lyrics make no sense at all
off the wall i'm let's drag it's just purple
you
You made the town for your business.
like that.
He's reaching.
It's really stupid.
107 here at WIOD on a really stupid Monday, man.
And we're just kind of enjoying it.
I don't see any sign of Rick and Sudzi.
Are they like in the building today?
Because I did notice that on,
was it last Friday, they weren't in Mexico again?
What is that?
What is that all about?
They're never here.
And I see Reneerie is doing this Friday,
gonna be in the Bahamas again,
plunging his brains out,
drinking up a storm.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
I'm glad you made it back in one piece.
Well, thanks so much.
In at least a couple of pieces anyway.
All right.
I can't believe the management in that place.
What a...
That is disgusting.
Believe it.
Believe it.
I can't believe it.
Yeah, they may not be good,
but they're consistent.
They're consistently indifferent toward anything.
God, that is...
It was no excuse for that.
Now you understand.
Now you understand when they were,
they had me doing the 9-3-10.
And I said to them,
it's too much stress,
and I can't do this.
And I'm just telling you,
I'm trying to explain to you,
you follow, they don't relate to that.
They don't comprehend anything on a...
They don't want to use you.
Right.
They do not comprehend anything on a human level.
They're not capable of doing it.
Unbelievable.
Neil, you couldn't make enough money.
Believe me.
Right.
Bunch of creeps.
Yeah.
Anyway, you mentioned before,
confessions of a medical heretic.
Dr. Robert Mendelsson.
Well, I was in the car driving home Saturday night,
and it happened to have a radio accident.
And I tuned in to WIO.
Well, I'm sure he was none,
because he's been dead for a couple.
He was on, boy.
That was a miracle.
Mitch Lewis, I guess it is.
Mitch Lewis.
Had this doctor on last hour of the year.
That's true.
You have to get a tape of that show.
Listen to the last hour.
Who was it?
Some doctor from California,
who was saying exactly what you said,
verbatim, worked for,
and the word,
that these medications,
that these doctors are prescribing,
are killing you.
They are.
And that you never have any reason
to go to a hospital,
except if you're bleeding to death,
or you have a broken bone.
Right, emergency.
It's the only reason to go.
That hospitals are the worst place for sick people.
Anybody who walks in,
likely will be carried out.
Well, hopefully I'll never have the chance
to go to a hospital or a doctor again.
Don't do it.
I'm not.
You have to take care of yourself
and just drink plenty of juice.
Did you see the thing on 60 minutes last night?
No, I missed it.
They had a thing on 60 minutes
about the California medical board
and about how they absolutely refused
to take away any doctor's license.
And they had this one doctor,
Bob's, who has been convicted of murder
and butchering up all these other people.
And he's still got a license to practice
and his asses in jail for murder.
I think doctors are the lowest form of life.
Yeah.
Some of them, most of them I should say
are only up for the money and their lifestyles.
I mean, suck everything you can out of the public.
I mean, the public is so stupid.
The public has been so brainwashed.
Brainwashed.
That's what Bob Mendelson used to write about.
About about the, you know, about was like a temple.
When you go in and the doctors were in the white smock
just like the priest wears his outfit in the robot.
It's just power that they wheeled over you.
And people were so like they're in the white one.
Dr. Sydney Singer is the name.
George was a doing that show.
Finger, Dr. Singer.
He's the one I was on with the night rhythms.
Excellent.
I mean, I could have listened for hours.
But everything you said, Neil, is so true.
And all these senior citizens down here
who are hooked on like 75 different prescription drugs
that are interacting with each other
and got them all spaced out and got them.
They got a pill to get up in the morning and a pill to go to bed at night
and a pill to be able to sleep and a pill to be able to have a BM
and a pill to be able to, I mean, it's just unbelievable.
People just refuse to listen.
They just want to go to the doctor,
give them their money, let the doctor give them a prescription,
come home and, oh, you know, my advice is get a second opinion
and a third opinion and then.
Forget about opinion and then still be skeptical.
Stay away from doctors.
Period.
Right.
Like I said, the only the only reason to visit a hospital or a doctor
is if you're bleeding to death or you have a broken bones.
Right.
And if you want to win in, I think that's it.
Yeah.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Take care.
Good luck.
Right.
You too.
11 after 1 at W.I.O.D., we have an open line
in the center square 524.
Doc that W.I.O.D.,
Pompadot harness racing three nights a week every Thursday,
Friday and Saturday through July 25th.
Enjoy a schedule of live harness racing and some of North America's
top races, cymbal cash directly to Pompadot harness.
By the way, we didn't have that race on,
we had the race from Greenwood on Saturday in Toronto,
which was a good one with Western Hanover getting beat by Carl's
bad, the Hanover, whatever that horse with Rod Allen,
but also Saturday night at Hazel Park in Detroit,
they had that who good not what what the hell is the name of that
big $100,000 race?
What a race that was arts plays held off.
Do run run,
 grass by a neck in a track record 152.
It was just incredible.
Which has nothing to do with anything.
This Friday,
I'll be family united, Pompadot harness kid 17 and under are
always welcome and admitted free the grandstand with a parent 50
cent hot dogs.
Soft drinks and beer will be available to concession stands
throughout the grandstand.
Enjoy an outdoor barbecue with chicken ribs on the track side
level live musical entertainment will also be featured track side
level Saturday night featured the simul cast of the $1 million
North America Cup final from Greenwood raceway in Toronto and
see this year's top three year old paces as they compete in
Canada's richest harness race.
It should be a great one.
Also Saturday night you could win $1,000 cash.
All you have to do is enter for a chance to win nothing to buy
no obligations.
So I'll be sure and be there Saturday or every night.
Thursday Friday and Saturday and members of our WIOD Pompadot
fan racing stable be sure to use your horse owners pass free
clubhouse admission every racing night this summer right
through July 25.
Don't forget every Thursday Friday and Saturday night Pompadot
harness post time 7 30.
See you this weekend for sure.
Getting it to me took a mallet and gave a big a hawk on your
stomach all of a sudden the few days later you'd be black and
blue too and if you were fat it takes days for that to work
its way through the layers of fat is what he explained to me.
I just showed Cheryl my beautiful black and blue side and
she said yeah see maybe now you don't want the model bread
okay well I'll get some more for you okay but I'll have to
bring it over immediately well it isn't yours anymore I'll
bring you the bag with your name on it okay no she doesn't
the mom sure she does now she's listening oh it's don't
start laying a guilt trip on me okay all the food that I've
had brought in special for you in this place all the special
orders I've had brought in for you yeah right you're full of
crap don't start giving me a song and a dance about all your
ex-husbands will you 115 at W.I.O.D. what you're not feeling
well today why what do you got anything exotic why don't you
go over and see he'll get you to spend some good stuff for
across the street he'll give you like 75 different colored
pills one for each hour hello doctor you got a pill for me
go over and get some test he'll take a few test 160 and I'm
not going over there by the way okay I'm not going nowhere about
what no I'm not taking anything back okay you haven't had
enough husband oh yeah Eddie are you married we need to find
out we still is it Eddie sure I want to know if Eddie is married
now that's an inside thing I don't know who Eddie is and I
haven't seen him yet I'll give you an opinion later after I see
him here's a lady in Miami hello hi Neil hi I'm glad to hear
your back I was on vacation and found out when I came back
that you were in the hospital yeah well I was only supposed to
be there for a day or two at the most this is a little you
know they give you a song and a dance it's a very minor
procedure it's a piece of cake they make the four little
incisions they snip it out a lot of people walk out they go home
the same day or the next day but guess what not everybody's
the same well I hate the birch your bubble they already do
three years ago I had mine yanked out yeah the old fashioned
way yeah that's not close well my stone for too big to crush
yeah and so they had to take it out manually so ten days in the
hospital all days I can't imagine that ten days I can't imagine
that and I can't imagine the bill either that must be like
fifty thousand dollars easy seventeen thousand seven hundred
and thirty two dollars that's all that's not much that was just
the hospital must be the low rent history anyway I still can't
eat at Arnold's it still kills me really drives me insane I can't
eat that can eat pizza why drive my stomach crazy how long ago
was it out three years ago and they tell me they tell me I have
post-gall butter syndrome it's only supposed to last up to six
months after you had it yanked out yeah I'm working on three
years and I still have it oh man wouldn't that be something
after you have it out and then you still got problems with all
that stuff right I still I'm the biggest thing is cinnamon
can eat anything with I love cinnamon I do too can eat
cinnamon rolls can eat anything with cinnamon in it so so don't
be surprised if you don't have some problems because they warned me
I haven't had I have well see I don't read I'm so incoherent that I
really don't know if I have problems eating things can I I got to
tell you a little thing I don't want to sound like a hypochondripe
but you know after you have something in your body that you're
allergic to right until it gets out of your system when you eat
even if the problem has subsided when you eat it starts like a
chemical reaction in your body again yeah and the and the
allergy starts up again so on Wednesday or whatever day it was
Wednesday night I went through this horror with this penicillin was
allergic to in the rash and the screaming scratching and the
hives so the Thursday it had subsided pretty well by lunch
time I had lunch and about 20 minutes after lunch all of a sudden
it starts again yeah and I thought oh this can't be happening
to me so I took a benedrill and by the way Cheryl thank you Cheryl
suggested I take a benedrill she had called me because benedrill is
for allergies and I even thought about it and I love benedrill it
works very well on me so 20 20 minutes after it all the itching went
away six hours later I have dinner Thursday night and about a
half hour after dinner it starts it comes back like the very
first night I mean with a vengeance the reason that happens
that way is it's really not a chemical reaction actually when
you eat your body heat increases yeah when your body heat increases
to get rid of the food in your system it also helps that allergic
reaction that you had to heat up again and cause the
still in your system yeah so anyway I took two benedrill and 20
minutes later I was not only over the itching but I was already in
the sack and sleeping like a child so I say how do you for
benedrill well anyway I'm still suffering me I still have
problems and I still have the potting problems I run to the
bathroom as soon as I've eaten something anything are you serious
oh no nothing with nothing and I run to the bathroom as soon as
I've eaten no food I haven't the most stomach I've said
you some of that great cabbage soup I'll keep you busy the rest
of the week okay good luck bye wow butchers mother was
was supposed to be spontaneous guys we don't need to hook up
wireless mics and strap the bartenders down hold on just a second
all partners are busy man okay oh we can hear you good Marvin
hey Marvin okay we got a shot of tell him a shot of
where will go okay they need to get a shot of
um Caluah that's flash of Caluah
man old drinko and speciality
oh
man
is going to drinkos here we can
judge this Monday afternoon on south florida's news traffic and
weather station news talk radio 610 W I O D
the opinions expressed from this program I'm not necessarily
those are 610 W I O D were its sponsors I have no force
getting home for three and a half years there's a seven
million people take house on every day in america and there
is a night I was a zombie I was walking around I was so tired
of course you get no sleep when you come off house you on
124 W I O D that should explain why he looks that way here's
bokeh hello yeah I think your phone needs the phone
doctor the worst awful but I tell you the
most public situation the person to be placed in true I had
a leg operated out a while back and they're willing you down
to the operating room and I was waiting in the hallway on the
journey and they put me in the wrong operating room and they
started propping me for heart surgery and I pay and then
come find out the person is putting the IV in my arm with a
student and I almost got a pin question to five
hey listen you got to learn somewhere yeah but I just wanted
it say you know where glad to have you back and I tell you
those doctors and those hospitals better to stay out on a
straight than being there amen okay thank you pal have a great
life 125 what I do with that article I throw it out let me
again in case you missed the earlier part of the show
recommend in the sunset on page 3 a yesterday reprinted from
the New York Times news service surgeons botched new
technique is the headline complications arise from procedure
to remove gallbladders and the first paragraph says surgeons
who rushed to use a new technique to remove gallbladders
that's laparoscopic surgery which is what I had without
adequate training have botched many procedures so I think a
real good idea before the anesthesiologist sticks that
needle in the IV would be to look up at the surgeon and say
uh... by the way how many of these have you done before and if
he kind of smiles and nervously laughs at all well this is the
first one
I would like jump up off that table screaming and thrashing all
that equipment around and take and just start stabbing people
with needles and going crazy
it's you're like a prisoner you're like you're like a guinea pig
you're like a guinea pig in a laboratory and you're lying there
firstly the first thing they do is you go in and they have a
little cubicle and you take off all your clothes and you fold
them all up and put them with all your positions in a little
plastic bag and that big kind of a companies you around
like into the ground if necessary
and then you go into little cubicle and you put on the
shmata you put on this little ridiculous gown wide open in the
back don't drop the soap and then they put you also put this
little silly uh... it's like a shower cap on your head
okay and now you come out and you lay down on a table and they put
the little bag like at the end of the table and you're lying
there and then they stick the IV into your wrist and they start
explaining to you and the anesthesiologist who by the way was a
very nice girl extremely nice
what do they what do they call those uh...
uh... they're like trainees what do they call those
interns not known and not interns there's a uh... uh... well whatever the
how they call them they're like learning okay
and then they had some other guy to all you know we both listen to your
show and we love you now this first thing we do apprentice now not
a print of the sorcerer is apprentice right and this first
of injection we're going to give you this first drug this first
powerful mind-honoring chemical we're going to give you
is going to like help you forget what's going on now
which naturally you can imagine right off the bat they want you to
forget everything they don't want you to remember any of it just in case
because you'll notice that the majority of the time what seems to be over
just kind of overriding everything else it's called covering your ass
that's what they want to do against malpractice against lawsuits
and i want to say this to every doctor and everybody in that profession
out there in the whole wide world don't believe to us about the malpractice
insurance rates because there's only one group of people that brought that
on and that's the butchers out there who are killing people every day that's
why
like the guy in california who's on uh... who's uh... in jail for murdering
people in butchering everybody up and still got a license to practice just in
case he should uh... break out
a resident
a resident right a resident that's a very nice word isn't a resident
which means like uh... amateur hour you know hey uh... here how do we do this
and i know
here's the the a van lady
hello yes
so glad you survived yes
i was going to write a novel if you didn't murder mount sign i it's uh...
i'm i'm serious i could write not just a book but in the cyclopedia of books
i really could i did that
i think i've covered most of the bases today but every few minutes that goes
by remember another little sorted chapter that i forgot to talk about
now you limit it is your diet or you all right you can eat anything now i mean
i can eat anything i want but when you're diabetic that doesn't mean all of a
sudden you go out and start getting fat and uh... now
no i mean other than your time i mean i do know some fat people who use this
operation as an excuse i don't want to mention a certain fat friend by name
as an excuse to start shoveling it down again because they want to fill up
that vacuum where the uh... bladder used to be
yeah well uh... if it weren't for craig no one would know anything
great right thank god for craig yeah really can you believe you drove all
the way down from boker slept me all the way down in the rain to mount sign i
sat in the waiting room with a hundred ninety-year-old the dead people in
there and waited for twenty minutes while they uh... you know my staples out
days good friend
he is
all right well i just want to welcome you back i'm frankly going through my
droids looking for the card i bought you by can't find it well i thank you for
the bag whatever what was in there last week or you've been so soft for the
puppy and my tape back there was very nice
nothing i could do for you do a lot for everybody right and by the way of
salas listening on my block it was sure be nice to see that lawnmode sometime
this year you see how come i grasses
i'm in by the sense and now boy it is like in humongous
all this rain growing like weeds
i and ross and this best yeah i'll bell betty does
i know see you
uh...
god she got a sense of humor today or what
one thirty butchup ross will you please in stopping so damn insecure already god
grow up
we have an open line in the brow at five two four one on the out of town line one
eight hundred nine four four four w i would each you would have a nice to have
like some dessert or something today
too late now
it would have been nice to have something like that today
i see can't find the remedies wandering around out there
i don't want that kind of dessert okay i would like to be able to watch the
ball game tonight
see if we can win another one which would be a miracle
that would be is i don't have time to be doing the green apple quick step with
those the candies again okay
i just i can't believe he did that to me i just can't believe it
what i'm more on what he gets
all here somebody gave us this here eat this okay somebody uh... right
everybody out there in the world is looking for something okay
and these salespeople here they're out there to give it to them or that plastic
man car
or are we still in limbo on that did they ever resolve that uh...
it's just a joke okay like i really care whether we're in limbo or not
north by me beach hello
hello
north by me beach is gone
well it's your loss okay would have been a great call believe me
there's a lady in candle
i know i have been in and out of the car all morning so i don't know if
somebody's mentioned this before but if you see that
william hurt movie called the doctor no
all you have to see it now it's it's on the it's making the rounds is not it
i thought video i thought i'm video a couple weeks ago yeah
it's about the zero smarts doctor
who is real flipping with his patients and all of a sudden he's got a medical
problem and he has to go under the night good
and we see how he's created and it's a real eye opener yeah
so i have to what you've explained you know i think you would really get a
kick off the you know wouldn't you think that it's like a common sense bedside
manner
oh yeah would be to keep people as calm and as confident as possible without
getting them hysterical about me
in addition to which before you go undergo any kind of surgery why is it that
you have to sign all these consent forms and release forms
but they don't have to tell you anything right don't tell you about any of
these possibilities who is his why when they start uh...
the screaming in the hospital you start panicking because nobody ever told
you about this
and if you don't take deep breaths you're gonna get pneumonia so you got to get
up and walk around of course if you get up and walk around then you're
gonna like probably start bleeding inside and then about well maybe you're
gonna have like pulmonary uh... throttles and baleism so you're gonna have
blood clots in your lungs where does this all come from i mean nobody ever gives
you a clue on these things can happen
what killed me is the way they treat you like six foot six year olds you have to
mission go to the bathroom got to wear those stupid clothes at the end of the
movie he's teaching a bunch of interns and at the end of the movie they have to
get into the the backless gowns and be patient know how it how it feel
yeah well bob Mendelssohn used to say that that's one of the one of the reasons
they do that is to put you on the defensive and and give them as much power
over you as possible uh... so that you feel like you're walking around almost
stark naked all the time and you do i i've only been in the hospital for child
birth but believe me that was enough i don't ever want to do that again
i couldn't get out of their fast enough yeah
what they charge you my god
there was an experience i just you know cross my fingers i'll never get an
actual ill-matched if they could have taken any more blood out of me they could
have filled up a bathtub and here i got this one doctor who is absolutely
hysterical he's taking blood test every five minutes to see if my blood
counts going back up how can your blood count go back up when they keep taking
a quarter blood every five minutes oh you know i killed me the last the last time i
was in there i had a baby and make i was already dismissed it was the morning
after i was getting ready to leave in the guy comes in to take blood
and what do you need his form going home oh well we have to have it for records
right so we can get that one last charge on that bill that's right okay
charge you up the nose have a great day go see that movie now i will i'll do it
okay bye bye one thirty four w i would be we have an open line in day seven five
one out of townline sitting there very quiet pop beats they don't care
there but you grave robbers up there one eight hundred nine four four
four w i o d a stand dial coming up this afternoon at two it's Rick
Briley and suds Coleman join us then for Rick and suds and now another
innuendo filled coffee moment from teasers chokes aren't you going to invite me in
for some hot coffee just give me a second i have to put out some cups and sauces
teasers choice the coffee that strings you along as it wires you up what an
incredible set of china could you give me a hand here with my cups my pleasure cream not yet
teasers choice if you want it bad enough you're going to have to buy it
twenty one till two at w i o d i c suds is in a building here for a rare guest appearance
can't believe these guys are doing the show in the studio today
quite a treat quite an honor plantation
hello yeah yeah pretty long time yeah well hey listen we'll get some
conversations time marches on listen i'd like to congratulate you on your successful
operation thank you so much i'm from the york i haven't really heard about you
i've been listening to you daily very impressed i like to hope you know
anything good on i get to new york what you know but any radio shows i get to
i sure hope not howard being barris now yeah yeah i hear you talk about his dark
gold day that all they want is money your money right that's all they want yeah all right
have a great life thank you bye boy i hate to say it but i think he was like from new york you know
we have an open line and broward that's ringing as we speak i mean what was that call about was
that like the guy who called in about howards member being uh what was there was that a true story
when h-ross parole is on because i had to call it home from somebody i didn't want to hear from
i don't want to mention very epstein who has no business ever calling me at my house
but uh and he said oh yeah they did that thing with life with h-ross parole and the first call was
about uh uh mr. parole would you consider having your brain merged with howard uh
stirrin's penis or something like that and it went on the air on national tv
well maybe that's what he meant when he said we're gonna do do do maybe that's one of the things
they're gonna do gonna move move move and do do do i'll tell you one thing you take all three
of these candidates and put them together in a barrel and they all stink the same okay they make
me nauseous and if anybody thinks that i would waste one minute voting for any of these assholes
you're in a dream world i saw Clinton this morning on um cbs this morning he he makes Jimmy Carter
look like a rocket scientist when he's got that same like kwaggle you know that same entry georgia
kwaggle and i swear i swear that he spent some time with nade baity open the woods
141 at wio d candle nil yeah the true jp mccarce is coming to q a m
yeah yeah dick pertains coming to the light bulb to do mornings yeah uh could you play the
sitting on a bus in del Rey yes sir all right thank you wait a minute what was that noise
the pp oh the pp okay hold on to it that was the pp guy
141 yeah i see this thing that roger clipped out all this stuff from the papers from what i was uh
out of commission and i see that one hysterical thing about again is q a m going all sports and
they'll consider it next before next day i mean this has been the biggest joke in the market for
how long now is what the hell are they going to do and can they ever make up their mind
and does anybody care can they break a point three on q a m you guys over there are an industry joke
you're a joke you can have the marlins you can have the heat you can have the dolphins for our part
you can have whatever you want and you still can't break a point five okay that's what kind of a
station you are god i have no foreskin
my wife took their card or the ball she drives my viewer can she's three feet tall
i wouldn't ride with no way i said i'd need it and laid it today so i'm just sitting on a
way with my friend
looks like it's time to check my change
customers don't always stay the same all they're gonna do what y'all tell me to do
the private high-rates she must be in pain just sitting here resting my bones
wondering why my wife won't leave me alone we've talked it over and i never win
i just wind up slipping through the mall again oh so i sit on the bench in the rain
waiting for the lolly bus to take me away
what the hell went on here while i was gone i'm just discovering all the slots in there for all the
stuff that's sitting back here they're all gone and stuff that used to be there in the two i've
only got two rows left in that one rack it's all gone and then i'm noticing over here there's
carts back here and i'm looking to put them back where they belong and there's no slots for those
so even in vegas they never saw somebody screwed up slots okay i don't know what's going on here
George what the hell is going on god almighty i'm supposed to stay common relax and i'm trying to
put this stuff away it's got like 75,000 carts out because this radio station can't bring some live
human being in to put on the air when somebody is out sick no they got to bring away these stupid
idiotic pathetic tapes and they got to fill in all the blanks by plainly same carts eight million
times and destroying all of the material and i want to say especially a nice job with the sales
department it's got some spots on here today but couldn't even be bothered for a second to figure
out what we were going to use for copy okay i mean forget it don't bother them back there with copy
because god forbid that the talent should go on here and do something that makes sense that
somebody want to pay might want to pay money for okay god forbid that we actually follow through
or we know what we're doing we're too busy out there getting poison candy for the talent so they
can go home and spend 25 hours on the throne and feel like the king okay i felt just like Elvis
all day a week ago Thursday man i spent the whole day on the throne oh singing return to sender
and i was singing about that candy too remedy you idiot here's a mobile in Miami hello hello
hello to you how are you i'm great welcome back yeah easy for you to say i have been listening
all morning about uh you're talking about hospitals yeah but you were talking about a particular
situation when you go to a hospital and uh you know to do some sort of a surgical procedure and you go
there and you're admitted and everything but got prepared that you get there on an emergency which is
not noticeable and what i mean is that i have to be taken i mean i drove myself to the hospital
right i was having a kidney stone right now you know when you're passing a kidney stone oh i've
heard it's the worst in having a baby the worst thing in the world that's right now i got to you
know i was having a cold sweats and everything but you know i i drove myself to the hospital because i
i i didn't want it to get in there in an ambulance right so i got to the hospital and you know when
you get to the emergency room unless you're bleeding to death you're going to sit there and wait till
health freezes over that's right so the you know this lady said to me okay have a seat so i said
lady i'm not going to have a seat right because you know if you don't that you you don't take me in
and you give me some demo some morphine or whatever it is i'm going to go into a hysterical
frenzy and i'm going to break this goddamn emergency room good for you that's a way to do it and
well they did it but you know afterwards i was laying down half naked as you said on a
stretcher in the emergency room and i was just i mean cold up with pain and nobody paid attention
to me for about a half an hour yeah well sir we certainly a commiserate with your
he said he was feeling like crap okay i didn't say crap but i get the message okay
we can't say crap on a year sir because we live in a juvenile fascist state where words are
like weapons okay so we have to keep bleeping stuff out and act like a bunch of children
but that's america for you okay sir and i agree with you i agree with what you said sir and i'm
glad that you have the courage to stand up for yourself that's what people ought to do people are so
worried that oh they're going to think i was a pin and he oh well who the what the hell do you
care are you there for a social event or are you there to save your life so they are full of
how do you like that that's what i say and they do make you feel like exactly sir you're right on
target an amen and good luck to you don't ever let him do it again use talk radio 610 wio d
one moment please what are we doing did i miss something
what just happened are we on the air well what happened did i miss you talking i was talking what
i was talking to her when the thing played well i didn't hear it or we're busy trying to figure out
what's going on in sales okay that could take till midnight from in about six months from now
see one thing i do want to say we can rip the individual sales people but of course their clones
are like from a cookie cutter and they're all taught by the same incompetent we know nothing's
back there in the sales department who've been screwing things up for like five hundred years
who if they live to be twenty five thousand years old will still know nothing about copy about
servicing about getting things right who don't want to be bothered oh the first day back and he
starting up again you hear that starting up again right we're supposed to sit in here and make
magic for these people who are spending we're in a god damn depression and these people are spending
these harder and dollars because here at w.w.i.o.d with our huge loyal faithful audience that
follows us around by the nose okay and we're supposed to make magic but don't give us any
information don't let the guys on the year have any idea what's going on then we can blame them
all they screwed up in air wasn't us we're too busy in one of our forty five meetings today
we couldn't possibly didn't have time to screw up yeah and a Perez hi Neil
Anna how are you uh back from the hospital like you are what happened well i had to go for a little
something but i wasn't the other end of town you were a month fine i yeah i was a sub Miami so
welcome back how'd you make out fine thank god fine how did you make out i understand that uh you
almost passed away over there i'm alive still it's a major miracle thank god i'm gonna put a big
plaque on the waller the near Rogers blood bank it's gonna be great i'm glad i'm so happy for you
even even the v8 cans are all filled up with what used to be my blood now oh my god oh my god
well i called you to welcome back and to tell you that we were both the same week in the hospital
suffering for well from the needles and all that great minds and bodies work alike Anna you better
believe it take care of yourself take care Neil thanks bye bye how about that 155 at w i would see the
people that used to work here they care about me okay the ones that are working here now i could
drop dead but the ones that used to work here like Anna Perez they care here's a lady in Fort
Lauderdale hello hello the lady in Fort Lauderdale a lot of impatient women on here today a lot of
impatient people obviously have very very uh active schedules today corals brings
hey this is dr. Clark yeah i bet i think you need to i think you need a hemorrhoid
to me okay sir like in the brain you idiot had to wait like three and a half hours to get
his act back again okay oh god give me a break Miami hello hey Neil how you doing okay so you had
a laparoscopy huh yeah oh it's what they call it yeah you know my wife had that a couple of
years ago and they said it was going to be a piece of cake 45 minutes you had it was a piece of
that right not cake yeah she had some adhesions and adhesions adhesions and while you know laparoscopy
for those of you out there that don't know laparoscopy are a little instrument and it follows by a
little video camera that people look up in a little screen well while everybody was looking up
the doctor had put one of the little instruments on top of her belly and one of those just burned
a hell out of her oh jade would have got them uh hole in her belly which you know yeah because
what because after they make the incisions and they yank the gallbladder out they stick that
little your and then just to make your talking about in there and they sear it they like a what
do they call that when they like cauterized cauterized shut yeah well right because what they do
like a branding are well the first thing they do is they they cut the little first hole and they
view uh everything it goes on in there right then they go in and they start cutting and
carterizing at the time right well most of those instruments work through foot pedals and while
they work through foot pedals what do they got a nervous foot what if somebody starts playing
music and they start tapping their foot like monovon and that's the same thing that happened to her
while everybody was looking down nobody was really you know paying attention what the doctor was
nice and that's uh we know it's like oh who's barbecuing in here you know we smell
uh burn burnt meat lunchtime and there you go and there you go he got the ribs anyway all right so what
happened so she got burnt uh you know she had to have a plastic surgery after that did you
sue their ass we sued more than their ass the doctor the hospital everybody and their mother I mean
that's that's what I call you know suing for for for an old really really good reason yeah because
here we you know we have a so how did you make out well we ended up very good oh yeah you know uh
strike that up for the good guy that's that's you know that's what loss which all about I mean I
don't believe in suing for the hell of it but when they really screw up you know amen you know
let him have it get something for that okay thank you guys congratulations bye bye yeah you know
these PR people are like this Eddie Morgan who's like a nice guy but a washed up of vaudeville singer
or something from the cat skills over the months seriously he is when he first walked in the room I
thought to myself that guy it looks like a washed up vaudeville guy and his time went on as he started
telling me more and more stories sucking around in desperation uh he finally told me that once
a pot of time he used to sing in the cat skills and I thought boy did I have this guy pegged or what so
anyway uh I kept thinking maybe he left kept leaving they all kept leaving me their cards with
their phone numbers and if anything's wrong and I kept thinking about calling him and saying
to the words massive lawsuit uh suggest anything to you Eddie does that bring anything to mind
in terms of letting me out of here and saving my life it was just I know people think I'm exaggerating
I have news for you I'm not even scraping the surface I'm not even scraping the uh the gallbladder
at this point not even scraping the edges and there's always another thing too when they get you
hysterical and doctor's gonna I think you're bleeding to death stuff like that little things
you you don't know what's going on inside you follow what I'm saying in other words
you know that every time you move it hurts and you know that every time you like belt you're like
farting inside from all the gas from the anesthesia and all the other crap that they pumped you
full of in the chemicals you have no idea and that's why is the week progressed and I began to grow
this 55 foot black and blue dark horrendous thing all over my body I began to wonder maybe
there just might be something wrong here huh yeah possible but don't panic so I'm going to go
home and take a whole handful of that augment and see if I can just turn into like a gigantic itch
huh and the speaking of that Chuck Meyer who's broken out in a big sweat now because he feels the
thunder of the cubs coming from the rear man he just feels this approaching Chuck's got the two
o'clock news we got Rick and Sards from two to six to seven known in the studio and I understand
they got some serious green apple quick step from over the weekend so that uh oh
