I'm 10 to 11 W.I.O.D. I'm taking my life in my hands again.
I'm hoping that the mobile is still there. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am.
I'll be knowing you. Sandy, you look at Berly here. Yeah. Okay. You hear me now? Okay.
Okay. Okay. I just want to tell you that I'm a very bad person for meeting elves of
the system and my symbols, my grandparents, stuff me with that stuff. Yeah. Yeah.
Are you there? I'm here. So what should I do? What you do? Keep enjoying it. My
Bubby ate the same stuff and lived to 87, okay? Okay. I like some crabs though. That's much better.
Stone crabs is better. Yeah, all that butter, all that cholesterol. We're really doing for you.
Well, but the other stuff can still you. It's the blood of your arteries. That's the idea. That's why we say,
white or clog. You have a great day. See ya.
Faster than a touch-tone phone.
Louder than a pneumatic drill.
Able to sidestep reality in a single pound.
Look, they're on the phone. It's a rabbit motion. It should be in check as
G's. Do you believe these people? No. It's Yintama. Yes, it's Yintama.
Strange visitor from another market with a phone growing out of his head.
Right. Wording is going to do morning, son. G. What do you think? Yintama. With a bizarre
compulsion to pass along Radio Gossip. They thought it wasn't a clip of the sun, but it turned
out to be W. Ellis. Unbeatingly verbal.
Yintama, who can change the course of any discussion, dial two telephones with one hand,
and who disguised as Lee Huller, ill-metered tacos for a semi-professional radio station,
bites a never-ending battle for rubber in Ywendo and arbitrawn advances.
Yeah, Neil is leaving my area to buy a station in Oligland. Do you believe that guy?
1252, but at Jim Schuyler, he's the best. How come he's not working here? I was thinking about
this morning coming to work. He should be working here doing something creative.
Anyway, we have an open line in Brow. Shouldn't he? He's great. He's a talent. Oh, that's why he's
not working here. Where's Palm Beach on the Star Line? Neil. Yes, sir. I'm Don't ask.
OK, don't ask. Yeah, you brought up all this stuff with this. I haven't had this much fun
since then, Major's in a Snickers show. Right. Now, I wasn't snicker as it was the
extra dark Milky Way. Oh, yeah, yeah. Extra dark. You know, if you got to tell you, the only thing
that was the children is that like one piece of density is like, you know, like heavier,
if you drop it, it would fall right through the earth like real heavy cheesecake. It got
to work. You don't believe out that. Yeah. And my mother when I was little used to make
kishgab in the old fashioned way, but I have no idea what was going to happen.
Now, I've never been able to figure out what's in it. These people that are called in today
with the recipe, I mean, there's got to be something more than that. How do you explain the color
of it? It's kind of like an orange brown. I mean, there's nothing that they've said that you
put in there. I mean, a chicken fat has no color. And so what gives it the color?
Well, you know, I'll be on assignment over the weekend. I can call my mother and find out
what's in there. OK, that's your homework assignment. OK, and I'll have to call you back on Monday.
OK, you have two. No, she said hello to the other mobile woman. No, she was called on her
dime. That's why I put around. No, she was paying for it. And we're paying for this call.
I don't like to pay for it. I know me either, but hey, sometimes you're desperate. Have a great weekend.
You're doing the LCM. 1254 at WYOD. We have an open line. I don't mind, actually. It depends on
what it is. A star IOD is that number on the Bell South mobility line. If you've got a phone in
your car and it's somebody else's in their pants, they'll make any difference to his fan for it.
Because we pay the freight. How do you like that? Man, these sisters, they're loaded and they want
to spread it around with a big shovel. Miami. Buenos tardes. Just one thing I had, Kishki, in the
second avenue, Delhi, New York. Right. But I was puking for days. I mean, that's
I mean, that was really weird stuff. Yeah, it's the twisted sister special. Yeah,
I just like to call one person a douchebag. OK, just a magic boxing corporate. It's actually a company.
Nice talking to you. OK, see you. Wow. 1255. We're zipping along here. This hasn't been too bad for
Friday. OK, for a little pre-shop of celebration. Talking about food instead of eating it.
Much better for you. Remember what I said? Food allergies. Remember that. You may joke. You may laugh.
You may puke. You may, uh, that's where it's at. Trust me. Take it from somebody who knows,
who suddenly got all of his energy back at his blood sugar down and lost 10 pounds. And I feel
great. I feel like I do a 75 hour cooking marathon today, man. I'm on top of it.
Here's a big report in Miami. Deal. Yes. I hear it. 8.74. There he is. I can see him. Wait,
he's looking at me now. He's waving. Hey, he's listening to the Neil Rogers show.
That's my contribution from the eaters. Thank you, sir. 1255. Like I said, we have an open line
in Broward. 524 and the Star Line Star IOD. Starting next week, we're eliminating all the Broward
lines. We're going to 5 day lines, Bell Soffin Building, cellular one out of the world line.
And that's it. And then we'll have a good time. We'll never have to give any numbers out.
West Palm Beach. That's the end of the world, man. Did you see our movie, uh,
quite old, it's by Neil Simon? What kind of a phone are you on? Man, it's a crappy pay phone.
Must have like a double sock over it. Oh, well, let me bang on a little bit. No, I don't want to say that.
God. Listen, could you see a movie called Brighton Beach Memoirs?
Was that the one with the, um, the what's her name, Bet Middler?
No, no, no, no. This is the one. This is the one with the infinite
supper of Red Cabbage and Liver. No, no, okay. That wasn't the one with Matt Dillon. Was it?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, Brighton Beach Memoirs. I thought that was, uh, I'm sure that was
Bet Middler. No, no, no, no. Was the Neil Simon thing. It was a very good movie. It's about a
kid who grew up in Brooklyn. No, but I wouldn't watch that. I don't give a crap about Brooklyn.
Well, uh, never mind. You know, you, you have to, you have to be there. Right. Well, listen,
I don't want to be there. What I call Larry King is from there. That's enough to make me never want to go
there. Yeah. What I called you about is to complain. The only reason I listen to the station is
because of your show and Rick and Sputnik. Right. Uh, that's the only reason anybody to listen to this
thing. That's true. On the V. It's a behind me. Now, you know, you would think unless I'm awful,
uh, aren't way mistaken, the average intelligence or a person couldn't be the type of person
that would like to sit and listen to the radio and have some guy come on and tell us how good
that they give the world. And tell us how they have. Oh, hey, listen, I could do a whole show on these
promos. We're running sports. First of all, the hurricane season is over, okay? Right. It's
fine. Good luck, uh, you know, going good health. But now we're, it's not enough. We have to
reap. We have promos doing the whole play by play of the whole game. I noticed we don't have the part
where sunny call where it just feel go good, which was off by like 10 yards where he called that good
or they were crying about all the penalties and then turned out they were against the brass
gun about the big 10. We don't have that. But we like replaying the play by play of the whole god damn
game. Then we go into a 60 second promotone. How great our news is you can go all over America
sir to any major market and you will not hear on any radio station long, ponderous,
tune out inducing promos like we run on this station. It's another example of the total incompetence
and lack of understanding of length of listenership that they have in our programming department.
They have no clue what it means to get the force to the audience to tune out. No, no understanding
whatsoever. Exactly. Our motto here, you know, when I came here three years ago, it was the same
even with different programming people. The motto was we can say in 50,000 words what most people
can say in 10. That's the motto here in the same with our news department, man. It's just incredible.
But listen if you don't like those spots, we'll just play a spot that the couple of days old.
Right. Oh absolutely. Hey don't forget the widener coming up this weekend that's a high
alia. There you go. Right. And don't forget that special Easter special coming up at a flower shop
near you. I mean, you know, if it's not good today, it'll be good in a couple of months, you know.
Well, I think that I got some guys sitting up in Boston, the way where the hell he is with nothing
else better than this and keeping busy to get more less crap to make up. Right. And you know, if
the one for you guys being so good, that's exactly right. I got to make a... They better kiss the
goddamn ground that we're here as sir because I got news for you for all the annoying. Just take a
look at the weekend programming on this station. That'll give you an idea of the creativity of our
programming department. Trust me. That speaks for itself. I have tried on occasion, but I can't
make it. I'm sorry. Well, who can? Hey listen, have a great new year in spite of it and have a
great life. Thank you. And you're hired. I see it. There's our new program director right there. He's
got a little bit of a clue, which is more than they got in this joint. Man, that football promo. I mean,
that's just like a slap in the face on and on. We got like highlights and lowlights at the 40,
at the 30, at the 30, at the 25. That's why, okay, we get the message. It's a touchdown. They won
a game. Get it over with. Why would the Leafs do it? Okay. Cut the crap. Who's doing the news? Tom Hopkins.
Tom Hopkins is doing news with that big new head of hair. And we'll come back in 105. Rickinconson's
a two-manage on sports talk. Hank Talks Flamingo 8-11. This is South Florida's news,
traffic and weather station. News talk radio. 610 WIOD. Miami, Fort Waterdale, and the Palm Beach.
News talk radio. 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers show. They get in touch and talk with
Neil Dio. 751 WIOD from day. Inbroward is 524 WIOD. Outside the 305 area, so
free 1-800-944 WIOD. And Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the gas and toaster callers are not necessarily those of this station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on News talk radio. 610 WIOD.
This is Dwayne Stahl for Black Teeth. And you're listening to the 2-1-R.
Just look at this place.
Oh, man, why are you here? Because you are a soulful ring. What happens to your face?
And the sky's been walking, you're giving it right. But man, where have you on track?
A little oxy-fine, I'm in a black and blue color.
107 WIODs are my mammoth, gigantic, Dwayne stopped inducing 1-2 hour,
open line inbroward 524 WIOD. I like having those blinds open in there.
There are people running up and down the hall like they got St. Bite his dance. Man,
what's going on in this place lately? Just really bizarre. I guess they're upset because they
got to come back to work. Too bad, the party's over, guys. And when are we getting those
Dan cards to open the door? I'm getting calluses, I'm getting things on my knuckles from banging on
a window downstairs. We still don't have those things back from Gary Mills.
On works. Yours works. Well, that's great. I'm real happy for you. There's only maybe like a
four or five in a whole building that works. So I think that's an omen. The ones that work,
they want you to come in one more time to turn them in. Margate, hello.
Hello? Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay.
Call me. Did I call you?
Oh, no, wait a minute. I called you. Yeah. Okay. You gotta be easy on me because this is like my
first time calling. Yeah. Well, it's a bad start. So a feeble attempt at humor. Okay.
And the Eric Lambert School of I'm not so funny and I'm getting worse. Okay, but I have something
very important. More waiting. It's about redneck. Yeah. In a redneck bar. I was at a bar last night.
Yes. I'm just having a couple of beers and chicken wings. Yeah. And this redneck girl comes around
with an alligator face because she's out with suns alone. And she's in a negligent trying to
sell it to us. Mm-hmm. Trying to sell what to you? Uh, I think the negligent. Oh, I see.
But uh, she's trying to pedal it. Yeah. At the same time, there's a bunch of these like
biker rednecks with a lounge air and a leather and the chains on their wallets with nothing in the
wallets. And they're burning a couple beers. And as in you know, you're seeing this crap about
our girls and, you know, this girl would stand on a door and herb and okay, you're discussing stuff.
You know, they are probably tough. But anyway, where was Nick the Varro?
Where was Nick the Varro? Where was Nick the Varro? For what?
She could have just thrown a good neck. No, that was probably Nick with the negligent.
109 at WIOD, we have an open line. How about that scandal in the Broward Sheriff's Office again
this morning? Another one of those stories about that D-U-Y the other night. And the PSO guy
and his wife and she just plasted it out of her mind and all the other people went straight to
the Husqaw and the husband bitched out the pig that arrested them and all of a
sudden she just went home everybody else went straight to jail not her I got
news for you Nick man you're just a biggest slime ball the biggest white
hair piece of mung that ever came down the pike who are you kidding you and all
your pizons over there in the BSO you make me puke okay just a bunch of
fascist right wing Nazi pigs candle happy holidays hello speak up sir it's
gonna be a short call yeah come on come on what yeah that was Nick
right there I think bad disguise Nick cutleridge yeah good afternoon how are
you I'm so sir pretty good happy to see me happy holidays thank you thank you
won't be too much longer speak up now don't start doing what I'm doing don't
start being a you know like a parrot just speak up won't be too much longer
until the boys of summer hit the diamond right thank God we've got what let's see
in baseball we don't have to ask whose number one because we play it out on the
field we don't have to take a poll to find out who's the best team who played the
most girls schools right well listen I don't want to add any and problem to our
cubbies this year but did you see who is announced yesterday is the Cubs
number one scouter yeah Ession believe me yeah but he's scouting the
American league teams okay they're gonna get him as far away as possible he
can't even coach so where's where's he gonna find talent when in doubt send him
out as a scout just get him out of town they say he'd be good in a ring-thing
brother circus man if you don't look like a clown I have never seen anybody in
my life so bizarre so slat he looks like something out of a Charlie Chaplin
movie he's still clapping his hands and he's clapping it you know like that old woman
in the bed who's just a clap thing you know in the TV goes off he's
clapping it and the team runs off the field man like a theft yeah well hopefully
we'll have a better he's the man who brought the clap to Chicago's a matter of
fact let's hope we recover from it well you never know how many more seasons
Harry's been a last come on his as long as he's in bomb the way he is he'll be
around a long time with what blood pleasure right well let's hope we do it this
year okay I got my legs crossed have a good week okay oh by the way speaking of
the cubs there is a for you satellite dish owners last night I was fiddle
around and the TV too and G6 which is one of the newer satellites during the
war the Persian Gulf War Charles J. Cohen all those other people were like
falling off the platform and trembling and you can see all that stuff on
there they had a couple of channels now G6 is loaded and we're all kinds of
basketball games and there was a WGN they were doing a DePaul game and it was
the WGN live feed that they use one of the transponders on G6 so those and
also S4 which is a brand new you'll have to program that in on your receiver
S4 has the Las Vegas channel and then there's another channel called the ID
channel I have no I have no idea what that is just had like the test pattern with
the bars on your last night put all your dish owners all of us who can look down
at everybody else say hey we got and you know who did not call today in the
middle all this the not slanting what a great show last night finally made a
comeback that that wasn't a good show that was a tremendous show the best we've
had in months and months the greatest dots landing in ages I mean
traumatic exciting momentous spine tingling and she shines 1113 it's maybe
she's making a kiss good I'm not about the fall TV season really it's a
wackiest nutty as Zadia's comedy ever to roll down Capitol Hill it's Teddy Kennedy
starring in the sexy new sitcom make room for Teddy and so remember ladies as
long as I have a face you'll have a seat in the US Senate okay girls this time
you are BDS bigger of the house and I'll be the naughty Jay roommate this week
on make room for Teddy the horny senior senator from Massachusetts heads down
to West Palm Beach to hang out with the homeboys and show the younger generation
how to have a good time go excuse me dude hey let's up body down it's make room
for Teddy where you'll see Teddy take off on the classics of Bob oh boys a nice
job procuring the prostitute I have it who's on first your nephew really of course
he will he's a Kennedy it's a family of religion by the way what's the young
ladies are named Ivana well so do I I think we should be introduced first and
let's make sure she's a Democrat and where is the young lady from the great state
of Maine senator banger I intend to great big a man relish but let me get say this
about that that's not what the hooker can do for you ask what the hooker can do for an extra
fifty bucks
the Broadway musical that says top of dollars today's headlines
it's Russia the musical the chorus lines never seen longer every song will make you
want to stand up and declare your independence
changes again 127 the W.I.O.D. your Snappled Dave Snappled Dave in Bokers gone well
snap this Dave okay you slime ball we're paying for the call he hangs up on us while
that's okay Dave just another another swig of my Snappled I just he just out of
the way okay God I can't get over that plantation yeah yeah listen on the
tishka the base is nothing more than fat and flour but what is it the color is carrots
carrots yeah that's what if you ever look at a closer you'll see a little specks of orange
you know carrots is what goes into this really a vegetable fat and flour well isn't that
what I've been saying all along about the vegetable part of it and everybody's been
pulling me like it's all a lot of me or something there you go okay it's really
really and it's ground up fine I could put it before it's your process so you just
see the little specks yeah I don't think any I don't think anybody listing this show
who's never seen or had kishki before even still knows what it is yeah I spent a
lot of years in a restaurant catering business I don't know but the base really is fat
and flour it's not the happiest thing in the world but no no that's right and of course
it's got to have a little gravy on it too to make it extra extra
extra dangerous there you go okay thank you I have one of the question yes sir do you
have the book with these songs remember can't see in the sunshine band that's the way
I like it yeah but you know what you know what you know jesus I'd say a 70s 3 or 4 but I'll
look it up I appreciate I'm going to get back in the car going to focus on this okay
thanks yeah one 20 well what is that he's going to get back in the car now I'm going to wait
well it'll take me that long anyway here's dick Jacobs here's Mick Jagger who Janet Dean oh boy
talk about make believe talk about your Zots what am I looking for KC here's Kansas here's a
kitty-calon well what the hell is this going to be under man what a stupid damn book this is
gotta hit this book you've got to probably be home already but here it is KC or every KC well what
where the hell are the other ones born Harry Wayne KC yada yada yes I'm oh here KC in the sunshine
band I see what year did I say 73 4 you said 3 or 4 yeah well I was close 75 November 1st 75 and
I wouldn't be surprised I know I think it's in my car yeah is it in here that's going come on KC
are you in here or what here's I enjoy being a girl well that's as close as we can come okay I
don't have it right now 129 to W.I.O.D here's a lady in Boka hello hello hi happy new year and
the same to you did this one to tell you know the hurricane still stuck yeah that's for sure and
their fans are the ones you love a bunch of cry babies even even sunny was acting like a crybaby
did that on the yard I can't get over that sunny such a good guy he's been zagaki eyes well
congratulations on their wins over Boston college yeah all the other girls schools
well and go seminal they got paper high on this kids will next year well that's seminal
game wasn't too thrilling the other day either I'll tell you that for that was pretty pathetic
but that's a lot of games that was embarrassing I can't get over it that was terrible but we don't
discuss sports anymore on a show till based on I just called I'm sorry to spoke resort club
of you stack okay all right have a good one bye bye 130 at W.I.O.D I mean it's over already let's
give it a rest until next year when we have the same 7000 teams playing in a 7000 same 7000 bull games
god the the pull on Renee pull on we need your douchebag bull I mean what a who's kidding who okay
who's the anchored who's chain Miami Beach hello yes sir yeah I just wanted to say I love your show
and I think it's really great that you guys are discussing sports now with baseball coming up
but I just have one thing to say this is the home of the hurricanes yeah can this we have an
open line of day it's 751 W.I.O.D go get an education somewhere okay go to some good
school and get an education uh poor lottery hello I have to what did you wait a minute what do
you say I didn't hear you I was laughing at the last call oh what a geek huh I agree little punk go
out and yank the chain or something do something constructive can leave us alone with your damn
same crap over and over and over again when they were losing all our games 10 years ago wasn't the
land of the pain nobody gave two crepes and just look at you know they played that basketball game
in Connecticut last night they had almost 9000 people there if they would have played the same game
here they would add 900 you know I'll argue it from me bunch of phony furbun and assholes go ahead sir
I've been listening to you since I and D days have a life I've never called you but I'm pissed off
I got it good excellent it's about time I know that everyone in the business listen to the show
right I have a message for Eric reed Eric reed yes you know Eric reed is the god is the heat games
the number that is one greater than six and one less than seven oh is he doing seven it is he
doing governor is he doing that again oh you know when he was doing seven seven seven oh he's
lapsing again when he was doing the color with Sam Smith on the heat games he was the most embarrassing
thing I have ever heard in my life he kept with that phony and then he started doing a play by play
this year and I thought who is this guy he's great and he was good and then I caught a piece of a
game on TV and he's lapsing back into that same shabarang same crap again Eric you've got a good
voice you do a tremendous job why do you have to put on that phony pseudo broadcast the crap
god I hate that thanks for letting me get the man no you're right on target man now I don't know
what is wrong with that guy somebody needs to give him a lobotomy I agree because he's he's
really good when he cuts the crap out you know I'm saying have a great weekend thank you to bye bye
we'll be sure to you they should shut him to bar show all know straight in his mouth out
god I can't stand that so it's like that Ron St. John not not junior but senior on magic boy you can
even hear it at the dolphin games on a p.a. with that phony god you know you got a good voice
Ron not great but good but oh that's holy plastic broad gag give it a rest that went out with high
button shoes and knickers okay went out with cousin brucey's wig 133 at w.i.o.d. Fort Lauderdale
there you go I wait a star days okay I got a little something for you I don't know if you got
your sunset no handy they call his show a trill a minute I got my sunset but right on the floor
here with right by the hero to the other piece of crap yes if you could find it is smaller
than it is down on page 4b and the bottom left hand corner how small is it okay on page 4b
they're trying to suppress it in this county D I got D I got B okay I got B just a minute
baited hook can be death for seabirds page here's a guy with the abysical with the uh okay 50 left
all down the corner 4 4 4 b all 4 b auction Persian carpets all the way down the bottom left corner
all left corner cork reverses ruling on searches no sure oh that's it the florida supreme cork
reverses off thursday rule that police officers can board buses and search passengers even
what they have no reason to suspect drugs are present the change of heart came six months after
the u.s. supreme court struck down blah blah blah blah isn't that great sheriff deputies resume
bus searches after the supreme court ruling in june but only when needed notice it doesn't
the bottom left there it says the state court had likened it to not see germany right exactly
I have my passport I'm clutching it tight hang on tight bell don't don't turn it loose notice how
they make it so small and try to hide it right right paper so you will see what happened to me too
it's so small you got to hide it well have a great life and good luck to us all see on the plane
one more thing I just want to say Tim Blaine and shaki are all major douchebags okay thanks
well sheo 135 and w.y.o.d here's uh where's that Johnny dark cart we got
what's sitting on the odyssetting and sitting on the dock of the bay
huh where is that thing that's my one of my favorites by the way speaking the Johnny dork you see
on vacation or something huh yeah oh yeah he must be having seen him in a dog's age no wonder
I'm in such a good mood today god haven't seen that freeloading slime ball in days and days
I don't know but I'm gonna find that cart where he does oh here it is here's boom boom
let's just listen carefully here boom boom when I'm to hitch on a Saturday super sharp
shallow gold now odyssetting shitting on a dock of the bay he didn't have the balls to really do
it give the good thing in there 135 and then I wouldn't play it either charhott's gonna save you
some money right now just in time for the big depression in time for the big fall you see what's
fresh chicken breast charhott the way you like it with your choice of toppings on a fresh
Italian roll or helpful pita bread and get the second one for just 89 cents or by the famous
five in a third ounce char burger 85 percent fat free fresh ground chuck delivered fresh every day char
grilled right in front of your nose on a grill while you're watching supervising and get the second
for just 89 cents or yet one of each in the second sandwich is only 89 cents now this opera is
good after 3 p.m. only seven days a week at a charhott nearby you food is fresh I don't know why
anybody in their right mind would buy fast food at any other place than charhott because if it
tastes so much better the price is always right they give it to your fresh and don't forget to try
those new better than ever spicy chicken drumettes better than any chicken wins you've ever stuffed
in your mouth okay the charhots you'll find with the chicken drumettes are in Davie Hollywood
Margate in Oakland Park and of course you'll also find charhots in North Miami Tamarack and Somerah
you have trouble dealing with reality are you constantly being told to get a life do you
find that your best pickup line is I've got money well you could be suffering from Johnny
darks disease millions have been afflicted with this debilitating disease but now there is something
you can do about it hello this is Dr. Irving Abramowitz now there is something you can do about
the nature's number one causal illness Johnny dark disease here at the center for the
10 research we believe there is a cure we haven't found one yet but we are confident that after you
spend your money here you'll feel somewhat better come in for our free assessment today don't walk
around with your head up your ass your whole life do something about it call 1-800 I'm a loser
$35 the first minute to 15th position in it all models over 18 wonder why nobody ever goes anywhere
near Johnny dark do you ever notice that you always stay like keep their distance because he's
21 till 2 at w-i-o-d all snappled a vis back what happened to you sir I don't know nothing to
get out of the way what happened this is going to be a real short call you know that don't
it can't be I don't have it well this is one of the greatest shows we've ever had
exactly this has been an illuminating show we're spreading the word wrist spreading heartburn
and cholesterol from coast to coast what's wrong with that or and you got to watch and you got
to wash it down with gallons of snapple what's wrong with that that's right I just showed by a
sensory voyage I'm getting older by the second uh-huh feel I gotta tell you good people around south Florida
get the hell off the road I'm driving around doing a great American public service the
winter and snapple people and not today I noticed the George mentioned it too coming in here not
only all the mess on the road but god almighty the driving is well we're all here now don't you
understand it's Jan it's January they're all here all the ones that are coming are here now and
they're out there to do everything they can to screw up our lives you wouldn't believe it's right now
right now in front of the as we see there's a fat I don't mean just fat and old beast man that looks
just like Santa Claus and he's from Michigan from Michigan oh that's probably Ivan that's probably
Ivan water yeah well listen David's been real thrill it's been a slice have a great life see
a speaking of that I have no foreskin 140 and W.I.O.D. what's in the box you bring a little something
for me there Adam oh that's what's in the box we'll put it away god it looks gross uh the thanks
for calling lady is back yes well you're getting a little a carry-dawain aren't you
I want to tell you well what I enjoyed today's program well that's great it was perfect for a
people your age I think you know how old I am well I could guess I'm going I want to tell you
yes something funny when we were young and poor my mother made this chicken soup Friday night
a man's share of the chicken was the head the girl the wild the one the girl I don't know what
how you call the girl what the hell is that that's it I don't know
and the feet and the public the feet yeah what do you do with the feet well it's used to scrape off
oh I just give me the bones the sun and that was my share until I grew up a little
when we got rid of my foreskin I said that's the disgusting well when you're poor yeah when you're
poor you suck on anything right so how they self-happen to hear and the same to you and I
glad you graduated from those very desperate days oh yeah okay have a great weekend thank you
and don't forget thanks for calling I see you okay 142 at W.I.O.D. oh man she was suck it on the chicken
feet god the one she talks she's actually only 28 South Miami yes okay I thought I was about to
say was gonna be more disgusting than that I doubted well you were talking about Polish blood sausage
before Keisha Keisha well there's an Puerto Rico they have a version of that called Marcia
that's what a guy we had a call on it earlier right yeah and uh where it uses the more
disgusting parts that I use is pork ooh pork intestine pork pork pork parts right oh man
not that pork spru no okay I think it was for that yeah but I guess if you have some champagne
around it's good to have handy to open it yeah well I was at that orange bowl game yeah oh boy
I'm happy for you oh man those those Nebraska fans just put it back in the in the inels of your
memory okay all about all history I'm about to do that great okay Neil have a great day 143 at W.I.O.D.
see what I mean if I wouldn't if we wouldn't have come up with this other stuff we'd have been
that's all we would have heard for two days and god only knows you'll hear plenty of that even though
we got the NFL playoffs coming up in the Super Bowl I can assure you that come 605 denied and
spite of the fact that it says Jim discusses the playoffs in spite of that I can assure you you can
bet your life on it it'll be the same old tired crap where's all that pizza where did that pizza
come from you didn't actually buy that you bought that where'd you buy it florist
well thanks so much for caring about us and bringing us a little piece huh what a sleaze bag
god it's not getting that job how in Dale Neil yes sir how you doing I got your answer for
Pippa King Gorgl yeah the Pippa King well I know what the Puppa King is everybody knows I'm not
Pippa King it's Puppa well Pippa King that's Macy Pippa King's from the Bronx
the Gorgl is the neck all the neck yep well how come she didn't know what that is that's not so bad
I don't know if life is looking to tell you yeah okay Neil have a great life good job it's okay
I'm back at you 144 at W I O D what a what a great job of conversion we've done here today man
West Kendall Dale yes sir Uncle Dale yeah hey what does this guy jica where did he come from
is his sports where did he come from Brooklyn Brooklyn does that answer all your questions
just I thought he was a cable expert how did he know he's an expert on everything just ask him he'll tell you
okay Neil Neil let me ask you questions he's any Kaplan's buddy that's why he shows up
this is a very incestuous business where and people keep putting their buddies on me I see okay okay
I see I got the job I couldn't believe it yeah I wanted to get an auto way that but Kaplan and
the jica have the same haircut so it works out good Neil your favorite all-time rock and roll song
did you did you mention well I can't I don't have my question do you like whispering bill oh that's
my favorite song it's one of them it's great it's one of the best records ever made
uh who did it do you the delviking the delviking right okay the first hit was come go with me and then
it was whispering bells and then they just the disappear never to be heard from again uh what about
what about the only showing up at those magic oldy reunions on Saturday nights that's true what's
best by satan you like him in the store that well what do you mean do I like him I mean yeah
was one of the great I'd say one of the top ten of all time all right you're going right back
with me now I want to ask you a question maybe somebody in your audience would know and call in
the first rock and roll song I'd like to know rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock around the
clock by bill hailey was considered to be the first rock rock you know I don't even try to say that
but it's before that I was well but all depends on who you act I think it's by the charms Neil
call what I don't remember the title no I plugged it out nickel in the jukebox no back in my
name in the middle 50s and it came on well if you asked all the mavens like uh
Marie the K who's dead and uh Dick Clark and all those experts they would tell you it was
rock around the clock by Bill Haley the cop okay one more question Neil how do they know
Toretta 72 thank you very much have a great day one forty six at W I O D on a tremendous Friday man
we're doing it pop it up park tonight the flamingo at highly at tomorrow what is that you're
reading now all can only bring the gun I didn't say anything yet did I point it him yet
just shove that can only wear belongs in mind your own business Adam
right now with a game show where politicians question the answers they came up with during the
last three years election jeopardy and now here's your house Alex June
including the tuning today for final jeopardy is our reigning champion George Bush
are you ready to risk all you've earned so far George yeah I'm going for
brawl sort of like the overtaxed middle class now and all right here's your answer
the reason George Bush could lose in 1992 I'm James one of it's an in and down to him
well now well he didn't sent me the first time you know well
the sound I get the nightmare on recession wait I got it all right George let's see what you got
no new idea one of a question please oh you mean like why don't I have any new idea
yeah what's my problem I don't know what's decided your time's up why
wait run the well he's working commercial
150 a WI of these suds of all people not see when it comes to silly records he's the expert
anything silly suds knows about so naturally he remembers who stole the kishka but he came in
here and he was talking about some polisher Stan Wojczykinski or somebody like that I said wait
a minute Stan free bird and it was uncampinal Stan free bird did a novelty record who stole the
kishka and that's what I was thinking about and leave it to suds to a lay it on us I've been
aware and the same to you oh come yeah far and we had a meat market up there called marushak
yeah and I've got the ingredients right here on their label and it says duck wheat grows buck wheat
buck wheat no buck wheat in my kishka here but we grow pork snouts or liver
wet it out eat this now that's that and beef blood
no now that that's kishka again you're talking about pork sausage that's not what we're talking about
that's the Polish thing that's exactly that's the Polish we need I thought you'd like to hear about those
pork snouts oh gross well no what no at least the Poles have got an excuse now exactly okay you
have a good new year and then same to you oh man forget that kishka crap okay forget that Polish
garbage oh man what does the gack he's all screwed up
Durral hey yeah oh man that was just a gagging your napkin out okay what isn't that appetizing
everybody for a big gastronomic weekend and speaking of that I noticed Rick and suds brought
their steel meat near again today they've been bringing this thing in for wheel of meat the same
slab for about two weeks now well you gotta give them a break you know like you said yesterday
they're great I thought that they sure collect a lot of money for Camilla's house yeah they're
really doing 120 big ones in the middle of 75,000 people at the parade downstairs they try
you know they try yeah they're doing it yeah hey yeah I was I was you're about to scatter
about the police you're going to buzzers now and uh search you and do all sorts of things right
my god first grab well squeeze yeah I'm I'm gonna have to grab onto the passport and inflate my
wrap and head on out of here good thinking grab your visa yeah and your mask and your stress yeah
you got it don't leave the wrap without it all right well have a great weekend sir okay head
nothing to say well a good guy but nothing to say here's the Felden lady Neil how you doing good
how are you doing okay happy new year sound like you've been sampling the goods well I just
saved them a little sick so I went to one of my favorite Jewish delis and Kendall and on the menu
top thing they have Kiska and they said there is no such thing as Polish and it's only Jewish and
that's the official word well I got news for a Kiska that we've been hearing about this Polish blood
sausage with the pig get stouts has got nothing to do with Kiska okay exactly so those poles have
scooted up again that's right so that's it that's all I have to say on that okay okay bye wow
she sounded like she's doggy downers today 154 at WYOD for Lutterdale on the starline hello Neil
yes oh yeah okay I want to say I was holding on to it last week for you I believe that and I hit
it that sell area and I got disconnected so anyhow I want to say what Kiska is for those people
lazy they didn't know what it is okay it's that round orange circular thing on the plate and
of our midst connects to the prime rib right you know what I'm talking about now we got it now let me
tell you what kind of life I have I have no life okay when I call my brother this is the kind of
phone call we have hello hello how are you hello Neil I really like your show what but you always
have to talk so bad about the blue head people in sunrise I have no life I have no life and then he
says why don't you get the you know the bag out of the shower and give it a good workout for us which
I have no foreskin you know you're the best I know have a great life fine one please 155 at WYOD
get the search party out to find that guy a semblance of one South Miami hello hey hello
life to yes okay I just got back from the other bell they turned off my phones why is that well
why was it just because they haven't paid the bill for less six years yeah I was an
amp the damn and I left I took the bill with me and I forgot to mail it no you're not the guy
that was over there spoke to us yeah I just got back on well then why I don't understand people
why don't why do you call and start talking about southern bill what is that
