New Stock Radio, 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
The good and touch and talk with Neil dial 751 WIOD from day.
Inbroured it's 524 WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code, toll free 1-800-944 WIOD.
And Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest's hosts or callers are not necessarily those of this station.
Now here's Neil Rogers on New Stock Radio, 610 WIOD.
Yes, yes.
I'm wondering if one of the talk and we're about the biggest...
About what?
Biggest cars and boats that you talked about earlier.
About what?
Biggest cars and boats.
Now we're talking about bridges over the causeway, not the ones in your mouth.
I don't have any of my friends.
Okay.
Yeah, calm down, sir.
Take a deep breath.
Put your regulator buddy in the nine-inch core of engineering.
No.
Well, it is.
All bridges over a naviable waterway.
I knew that I wouldn't have been asking, sir.
But, sir.
I said if I knew the answer to the question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place.
Okay, well, I'm saying, sir, is that the United States core of engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over naviable waterways?
Over one?
Navigable waterways.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Yeah.
So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic.
Yes.
And what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir?
I'm telling you that they come up with a time.
Well, what is the time?
I believe it's that rush hour times, sir, that they are not open to marine traffic.
Other than that, they are open to marine traffic.
So in other words, any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for too long?
That is absolutely correct, sir.
Well, what kind of a communist bunch of traffic is that?
That is not a communist bunch of traffic.
Sounds like some kind of the end of the thought that this is Tommy Pico...
You got five people in the middle of the B.O. to one boat.
Right.
Exactly.
But a boat is going to stop for five thousand cars.
Is that it?
No, I think that fifty thousand cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat.
I think that's what they ought to do.
Man, you better know your laws, Mr. Because you sure don't.
That's right.
I suppose you want the van bridge as close to both traffic and a hurricane too.
I want the bridges closed period.
Okay, I want them closed.
I want the bridge tent to go home and watch your MTV and get the hell out of our lives.
In other words, I want those bridges closed.
Let them use the Julia Tuttle, okay?
You know, I don't know.
Let them use them a constant cause.
I think they ought to go out to George Washington bridge and jump all of bridge tenters.
How do you like that, sir?
Well, I don't know about you, but you shot like some stupid idiotic judges.
Oh!
Okay, 12-08.
At WIOD, we have an open line on the star line in my insurance friend and compatriot Larry
Mervis called her in the news break on that line.
And he was all the way up by Yahoo Junction and said that S.U.N. was coming in loud and just
barreling in there just like a gigantic octopus grabbing its radio tentacles around everybody's ears and ears.
And he also was able to call in from up there on the star line, Bell Softability.
How do you like that?
So it is up there and like all around the place, you folks who just haven't discovered it yet.
Alta Mont Springs.
You got the new nail.
Yes, sir.
We're a Orlando.
Man, this is so exciting.
I'm just ready to have like an emotional accident.
Long time, Collar.
First time, listen there.
Great.
I've been over to Loots before.
Not much there.
You've been.
Wait a minute.
You've been over in Loots?
I wouldn't been over there, sir.
Yeah, I got back up real quick, though.
No, don't drop the soap.
Yeah, some good chicken wings there, though.
Really?
Yeah, die crazy wings.
Hey, I bet you there's some neat people in Loots and I'm going to put out the Loots challenge
in the days to come to hear from some really living and breathing people who are obsessed with their
nose-picking music to the point of absolute hysteria like that one guy.
And then some.
Loots is kind of like an Indian town in the Lantana, Clowiston, all put out.
All wrapped up in one big ball of...
One big schmack, yeah.
Listen, have you ever been out in Loots?
One big schmata.
I'm Irish, so I don't know.
Okay.
South of Kilargo is a bar called Woody's.
Have you ever been?
We can't say Woody on the ear here anymore.
Okay, but have you been to there?
No.
Do you have a favorite on go?
There's a group called Big Dick and the Extenders.
Not the plug-it, but I've been there a couple of times.
I think you might enjoy it.
Great.
Good rock and roll and good comedy.
Kind of cool.
Oh, don't listen.
Can I just make a suggestion?
Sure.
When you're in Loots and you go in like in the little soda shop or whatever it is there.
Don't play that on the jukebox, okay?
Don't play that.
Don't play a big dick on the Extenders on the jukebox.
I mean, just a suggestion.
I mean, it's a free country, at least in certain parts, but don't do it.
You might make some friends.
Well, it's possible.
Friends in low places also.
Right.
Well, I hear the sheep are friendly there anyway.
Very much so.
That's what that guy said.
I'm from South Florida, Bokor, Tona, originally, and very happy to hear you're up here.
Well, spread the word for us, sir.
Sure will.
When it doubts, spread it out.
Have a good one.
And you too.
Bye-bye.
Boy, this has been in just three days.
Can you imagine what's going to happen in about a month?
We are going to be getting...
We're going to have to have like 75,000 phone lines.
We're going to have like phone lines from a hell.
From Yahoo Junction to Yamama, is that it?
What is it again?
Why Mama?
Why Mama not to be confused with Yamama?
And every place in between.
It's more than almost more than I can take.
For Lauderdale.
Hey, now.
Yeah.
Did you read the paper here about Sheriff's Aponin Quits?
Al Goldstein.
Al Goldstein has dropped the soap.
He said, no more for me.
Well, that's it.
I'm not buying no more screw magazines for the late nights.
Yeah, I don't blame you.
And...
So you've been up to Proponin?
No, I know.
You know what happened, Al Goldstein.
You remember years ago he made that very, very bad porn-o movie with...
Who's that real old dyke that was...
Gloria Leonard.
Do you remember that?
No, I remember...
Well, you're lucky if you never saw that.
Because I mean, he makes a Ron Jeremy look careless.
I mean, Val is like a human furball.
He is.
He's got hair in places where it's illegal and brown.
And everything...
He's been up to Proponin.
Yes, sir.
Making any money or no?
We're holding our own if you know what I mean.
That calorie shepherd, not...
Right.
Kelly Shepherd has put on display this summer that I wouldn't wish on the entire Nazi army.
Okay?
He made a drive on a horse around revenue neutral on Saturday night that was so bad that even Donald Brainerd was chuckling in the paddock.
How do you like that?
Well, when he goes upstairs early, you're back.
What can you say?
No, can I tell you, sir?
But, uh, yeah, one more thing.
Johnny, G and G.
Uh, can you check to see if it's blowing yet?
Okay.
That's the air condition.
Okay.
Thank you.
Have a great life.
Kelly Shepherd has put on display that even Luke Barnum is embarrassed by.
But hey, it's only erased.
We have an open line on...
Oh, we don't.
They're just smoking, man.
They're smoking.
They're smoking and carpeting all over the state except in Braydenton where they can't get it lit because they're all underwater.
Just dry off over there, relax, have a nice life and let's face it.
What is there to lose in Braydenton anyway?
What a manatee county.
Oh, God.
12 minutes after noon on News Talk Radio 610, WIOD.
This fall, join us for another exciting season of dolphins in hurricanes.
Football action right here on South Florida's sports station.
WIOD.
He was his ward.
Not his pedophile.
If you're a heavy metal rock star, you know that jackets can turn onstage ecstasy into agonies.
That's why you should use motley crew ex.
Because you don't have time for the exciting uncomfortable itching that goes along with wearing tight black leather pants.
Motley crew ex.
I can't get ready to rock.
Can't get ready for a thing.
Until I spray all my motley crew ex.
Motley crew ex.
Boxed chocolates so you can rock nonstop.
Look for free backstage best with every purchase.
All for valid for new bio 14-year-olds only.
1217 to WIOD on a wet Wednesday man.
That's one of those good cliches.
It's a wet Wednesday.
It's hump day.
We over the hump yet.
Oh, God.
Now what is, wait a minute, I screwed up big time.
What is Lady Lake?
Lady Lake.
Hello.
Is that like a person or a place?
No, it's a place.
Are you Lady Lake?
No, I'm from Lady Lake.
I'm from Miami, originally.
You know, they're more sound like Lady Lake.
Excuse me?
You don't sound like Lady Lake.
No, I shouldn't have an accent.
I'm from Miami.
I just moved up here a few years ago.
And where is Lady Lake exactly?
I mean, specifically so we can pinpoint it right on our thing.
Sure, it's in between Orlando and Crystal River.
Wait a minute.
What the hell is Crystal River?
You don't know where Crystal River is?
Home of the Manatees?
No.
Home of the Manatees?
The Manatees, yes.
Come on.
Now you're yanking it.
No, I'm around.
Wait.
All right.
Is Crystal River like north, south, west?
Oh, it's on the Gulf.
It's where the New Clear
Oh, so another way to make it.
Wait a minute.
When you say between Orlando and the Gulf, Orlando is like in the middle of the state.
Exactly.
I'm 50 miles from Orlando and 50 miles from Crystal.
So you're like right smack dab in the middle of it?
Exactly.
All right.
The New Clear Power Plant, Crystal River.
Great.
Great.
So in other words, you just stick your head out the window and you get like radiated.
You get like, you get like, you're...
No, no, no.
I'm a waste.
I'm 50 miles from there.
So you know, it has to really have a big meltdown before.
When's it got to be blown in the right direction?
Exactly.
Exactly.
Listen, Neil, I heard you talking about Frank Lasko earlier.
Right.
He does a morning show up here on Cool 105.9.
He does the show where he's the news guy.
He's the news guy.
Right.
Yes.
He's a great news guy.
He's a good friend of mine.
He's been up there for a while now.
Right, right.
Now does he know that I'm on on SUN?
Because I got a call here.
I'm going to call him tomorrow and you know, if you're going to get a...
What do you mean tomorrow?
Oh, you mean tomorrow morning.
Tomorrow morning, yes.
Yeah.
Would you like me to, you know, give him a little message or anything else?
Of course.
Tell him to call us immediately, not sooner, so we can find out what's going on up there.
Well, I sure will.
I'll give him the number and tell him to call.
That's a damn good station he's on, by the way.
Oh, it is.
I listened to it, especially on the weekends.
Who 105.9?
It's you're better than any oldie station we got over here.
I'll whack you then.
Oh, man.
Oh, it's wax.
I haven't listened to waxy in here.
Oh, I will say this.
Waxy's butched up a little bit.
They're playing better music.
I hate to admit it, but they're doing a little better.
Well, my friend has been...
From Sweetwater has been sending me clips from you, you know,
from your show.
Well, now you don't need any more clips?
No, I don't need it anymore, exactly.
Right.
And I'd like to say, you know, give him a douchebag salute if you don't mind.
He's been sending your roach clips from Davey?
No.
You ought to see what they smoke in Davey, man.
Well, his name is Billy, and he works for J&T Air conditioning.
Right.
And I'd like to say he's a worm in a douchebag.
Before they smoke it in Davey, it's got to pass through their horse first.
Oh, I see.
Believe me.
Well, listen, you have a great day.
And I'm glad you're up here, and I don't have to listen to you on tape anymore.
Right.
Yeah, I can catch you alive now.
Well, spread the word for us.
Go down to the dairy queen there and write some numbers on the wall or something.
Okay.
I'll tell Frank to give you a call.
Do it.
Thank you.
See ya.
Lady Lake.
Man, can you believe this?
I'm just stunned.
I'm astonished.
I don't know whether the screamer read like 45 bananas or Chiquita.
It is so...
I know.
Most of you say, we don't care.
We're not in here.
Well, I am.
Okay.
So just have to humor me for a few days until the novelty wears off because I like it.
I mean, I like it a lot.
Being able to reach out and I understand the WIO.
He's got a pretty good signal generally.
Speaking of okay, fairer.
I mean, like kind of weak.
Medi-ocer.
But now we feel more like the light bulb here on IOD.
Now that we're hearing about SUN, just like...
I mean, they've got a devastating...
And they're only like 10 kilo cycles apart from us on the dial.
But they have that 10,000 non-directional thing sticking right in the water over there in the bay.
And that creates this enormous...
I mean, they're probably using like half of the Atlantic Ocean as their ground system.
Or at least the Gulf.
So I wouldn't be surprised...
When we start getting the calls from like France and Amsterdam and all those other places,
then we'll know they got a signal.
Okay, then you guys over there can start playing Butchboss.
1221 on News Talk Radio 610 WIO.
Fresh from this program on this fairly low,
610 WIO.
It's positive.
I know that the Zord even loves Neil Rogers.
From the makers of Trout on the bottom yogurt comes the tasty new family treat.
Fish, Newton's.
Fish, Newton's are just what you'd expect and more.
Sweet vanilla pastry outer cookie, delicately housing more that deep blues wonders.
Round a perfection and mix with the sweetest Hawaiian sugar.
You'll frost over the assortment of fish, Newton flavors.
Rock cod, mahi mahi, she said.
You'll be cropping through the Cooper as the kid squeal for more eel.
Don't forget the sweetest favorite, holy mackerel.
And for a limited time, especially Mark Box's of Fish, Newton's,
if you find a hidden fish hook,
you automatically win a zebco rod reel and tackle box.
Hurry today and get the fastest moving taste treats on the cookie aisle.
If you can fathom that, fish, Newton's.
Coming soon, Flipper Burger to your brochures meet department.
Crunchy-cooly, stomach gooey, everyone is lightly softy.
Pop one in your mouth and you'll agree.
Your friends will think you're cool.
School.
Fish, Newton's.
Okay, 1226 at WID.
When we get our first call from Canon, dig one in New York,
then I'm gonna know where on the map.
Okay, I'll tell you that.
Wouldn't that be something if we did?
Ha ha ha.
Oh, we're over here on the lake and it's just a bounce and right across the lake on 620.
All of a sudden we at WID feel very like inferior.
You know, like we got some little gerbil back there in a transmitter,
grinding out about two watts or something.
Man, are we weak?
We're weak!
And we're proud of it.
Dear field.
Deal.
Yes sir.
I've been on glycer about three years.
Yes?
It's past three days.
The best.
The greatest three days.
So much fun.
These are the greatest three days of my life.
I'm serious.
This is so much damn fun.
I know.
And if we needed a little change,
that's all a little variety.
I keep telling Orlando that.
A little variety isn't all bad.
For our corresponding celebrity in loose.
Yes sir.
Could you please throw up on them?
No, in loose.
Oh yeah.
Did you say loose?
He's going to get all bent out of shape now.
Get him.
Because he's a nitpicker and a nose picker.
Get him.
What happened to my pukin card, by the way?
Don't tell me all of a sudden they're taking my cards out.
Beautiful.
We got him.
Ever great day.
And you too.
But 1227 at W.I.O.D.
Was that the first puke on W.S.U.N.?
Hey, if you heard some of that music, they were playing believe me.
There were a few around.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't say that, even though it's true.
We have an open line in Broward in the center square at 524.
And at Bell South Mobility Line, I want to get something going on there.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, if Larry Mervis was able to call us from up by Eha Junction on the Bell South Mobility Line,
and it sounded real good, by the way, all it was off the air,
all you folks who were driving around up in them parts like all,
I mean, I'm sure not on a West Coast.
They got General Tell over there in a West Coast.
That is the worst phone company in history.
When I worked in Sarasota, I used to broadcast high school,
a football and baseball and stuff and basketball.
And we'd go out to do a ball game.
And General Telephone, we'd show up to do the game.
And they'd say, oh, guess what?
We forgot to put your line in.
And you know, little things like that.
And we'd have to get like a megaphone and scream we allowed.
And I remember I did one ball game out of my car on the phone.
Seriously, I did a football game out of my car, a high school football game.
And it was really great.
Hi, Alia.
Neil.
Get a real good perspective looking across the field that way.
Yeah.
First thing I want to say, how about them reds?
What do you mean by that?
A.
They might have left the field, but they're still in first place.
Yeah, but you're hanging out by one game, by one skinny little game.
A.
And only takes one to win.
No, you're right about that, but the brave you got to admit.
They're kicking some phenomenal ass.
So are they beat the reds this week?
Three out of four games?
Yeah, and they've been pounded the crap out of the Giants last night.
Hey, Danny Joshua's not doing so bad.
Yeah, wait till the night.
Wait till the night.
We'll be swallowing those words, man.
I'm Tonya.
He is an accident waiting to happen.
We've gone back into our coma phase.
We can't hit the ball out of the in the field.
Louis Salazar should have quit two years ago.
We're just really sad.
I'm embarrassed for the cubs.
I am.
We're pathetic.
Well, A.
Neil.
But at least we'll make the Metz fans happy.
You know they had like, they're averaging like 23,000 a game in last night.
I think they had about 18,000 and the Yankees who drawed about 12,000 again.
The New York team's manner can't draw flies.
No, that even the jet had to leave New York just to go for it.
They could cover the field with manure and they couldn't draw flies.
And quite frankly, if you watch the Metz and Yankees, I think they've already accomplished that.
Hey, Neil, you know, I moved down to Miami about three years ago.
Yeah.
And I'm from Georgia.
Georgia.
Yeah, well, the Miyahos are from.
Yeah, not Aintry.
No.
That's not bad.
Yeah, it's a nice place.
Yeah, it's a beautiful place to drive through like on a way to out of town.
Well, if you blink, you'll miss it.
Right.
And no, wait a minute.
I'm picking up someplace different.
And what's on the east coast of Georgia as you're driving up 95?
Savannah.
Savannah.
Savannah's nice.
Oh, it stinks.
Like I said, it's a crappy place.
That place stinks of paper mills.
No, no, I'm not talking about how it smells, but it just looks like a nice, you know.
Well, it's the nice place to visit.
Right.
A place to drive through it about 150 in your bed.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, you know, today I was reading in the paper about, uh,
you mean, women, you mean you're from Valdosta, you can read?
Yeah, man.
Wow.
You overcame it.
All right.
But, uh, I was reading this thing about discrimination and, you know, it's funny.
I'm from Georgia.
Right.
And, but down here, they talk about more about discrimination than I've, that I've seen in Georgia.
Yeah.
You know, and, um, I have a friend of mine down here.
And I can't believe he would be the one whose he does not, I'm a Hispanic.
Yeah.
I'm Cuban.
And, uh, how could you tell?
Well, you're right.
Oh, I know you can tell.
But I don't, we don't want to go into that.
But yeah, too personal.
Yeah, I know.
So, where were you born?
No, originally I was born in South Miami.
Oh, you were born here?
Yeah, but I then, in Georgia.
So, then you must be circumcised.
Yeah.
Okay.
How did I know that?
No, you know, my father lives in Georgia.
My parents are divorced.
Right.
And I lived with him for a while.
Where was your father born in Cuba?
No, New York.
Oh, in New York.
My mother was born in Cuba.
Well, then he must be circumcised too.
I guess.
You guess.
Okay.
Anyway.
But, um, I think I threw you off a little bit.
Yeah.
Oh, you were reading something about discrimination.
Yeah, I was reading him about discrimination.
Right.
And my friend down here, you know, he's Jewish.
Yeah.
And the comments he made to me about Hispanics,
he just does not like them.
Then why the hell does he live in Miami?
Right.
If he doesn't like it, I mean Hitler treated the Jews better
than he treats his men.
So, what is his problem?
Maybe he needs to move to, uh, loose.
He needs to move to damn Georgia.
He needs to move up the entry and they can chase his ass up
in a wood, so to speak.
Yeah.
He's a douchebag.
They'll teach him a lesson or two, believe me.
I know.
They'll change his altitude real fast.
I know.
Well, me or one more thing.
I can't deal with these bigots, sir.
I'm telling you, people are people.
You know what I'm saying?
I know.
I mean, there's some who are like nice and some who are crappy
and some in between and some who are circumcised
and some who haven't checked yet, but people are people, you know?
Yeah, like, I don't think he's a racist or anything like that.
No, he's just, he's just a damn bigot as what he is.
Yeah.
Just a bigot little pinhead as what he is and needs you
to beat the crap out of him.
I'll do it.
All right.
Hey, when last thing's I go, Dan Reno's God.
Okay.
See you later, Neil.
1233.
This is like, it's like the League of Nations of Radio.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, here's a guy.
He's from Valdosta, Georgia.
He's circumcised.
He's got a Jewish friend who's up in the hills in Aintree,
being chasing Ned Betty around.
We got like, uh, Oka, Oka Humpka.
Hello.
Neil.
Are you cereal?
Hey, how you doing?
Oka Humpka.
Yeah.
Little little little little one.
This is my all time fantasy is a caller from Oka Humpka.
You know why?
Why is that?
Because that's where Rick Rally was really born.
Is that so?
He don't want to admit it.
Trust me in the back of a pickup truck.
He is.
He's on a long time listener.
First time caller.
I listen to you all the time and I'm in South Florida and I couldn't believe
when I listened to the radio this morning.
There you were.
Shocking, isn't it?
Yeah.
I'll tell you what.
Now let me ask you, Oka Humpka is where?
It's just about 30 miles south of Oka.
Oh, it's a by horse country again there.
Yes, sir.
That's where all the guys get real friendly with their Haas.
Right?
And their sheep and anything else that moves.
And maybe even some of the apom trees.
This is true.
Right.
So how does WS you went coming up there?
It's great.
Loud and clear.
Oh, I'm just couldn't believe it.
I think it's great.
It is great.
Listen, now I just want to say hello and good luck to you.
And I want to call two people a douchebag of her cans.
All right.
Wayne Jefferson now, so no bank on North Miami Beach on the Frankus 80s, P3A.
All right.
Have a great day.
Thank you now.
Bye-bye.
Oka Humpka, man.
Are we doing it?
Or what?
Don't forget Rick and Sudson, this afternoon.
Voice coach, Dr. Morton Cooper.
Maybe he can help Rick get that the snot out of his nose.
No, because Rick always has that real nasal sound.
Sound like he's like plugged up and his nose too.
Dr. Morton Cooper, the voice guy, and the top 10 tabloid trash headlines.
And the wheel of meat and man, you people who are like new listeners now.
When you hear Rick Riley pound that meat on this table, you are just going to freak out.
They're going to go crazy at the dairy queen, man.
1235 on News Talk Radio 610WYOD.
The night at 6, it's sports talk 610's.
Now Ford is most listened to sports show followed by Goldberg at night with Hank Goldberg.
1235 on News Talk Radio 610WYOD.
All right.
This is Chee Gordon-Liddy, and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
There comes a time in a young woman's life when she has to ask questions.
Mom, I have to ask you a personal question.
Do you do?
Sure I do.
I use vinegar and water.
Why vinegar and water?
Because, silly, I'm Italian.
Hidden Valley douche.
In Italian, French, French, or new chunky blue cheese.
20-to-one at W.I.D., whoever was on a bat line, I mean on the star line in Pembroke,
well it was only Pembroke Pines dropped off.
Star I.O.D., if you have bell-south mobility and the farther away you are the more we like it.
Here's the Jersey butcher.
Hey, Gypsy Gypsy, what are you doing there?
Why is he about to get the vomit?
Get the hell out of here, Jesus.
Hello!
Yeah.
Hey, homeboy!
Come down, pal.
Homeboy, how you doing, big guy?
Better come down, or that guy from Luce is going to come after your ass.
I'm going to come down to you, pile that right now.
You're going to do homeboy, I swear.
Yeah.
You know, this is like becoming you homeboy.
Yeah.
You see that damn butt-wise, that commercial?
Huh?
Yeah.
Well, I see the only look at that damn mirror.
Yeah.
I gotta be Neil.
I love you, too.
So what's up, big guy?
Heavy duty, mate.
I'm over here with the boys.
I've got my five German shepherds with me.
Yeah.
I think you must be on one of the doctors.
It was in my room in the hospital while I was having my surgery.
I love you, too.
Yeah.
So what's up, big guy?
We're doing it.
We're spreading out, but you're in the hospital.
Yeah.
They cut it all off.
Let's get to the current, to the present, okay?
You're way behind, okay?
We're spreading out, we're branching out.
You're a ketamine.
You're talking to people from coast to coast.
Oh, no.
From the sub-bastian, from Immaculate to insanity.
You've got to be ketamine.
Yeah.
I heard you before that damn mo discovered a child.
Yeah.
He's a be-our-damn-dong show.
Okay.
Well, listen, have a great life.
Don't ever put him on a guy.
He's just out of control.
Since they put Gotti and Jail, he never going to be the same.
We got an open line, indeed.
751 and the star.
What's going on with that star line?
George, what the hell is that all about?
See, I think what it is is we scared away all the people who are like close.
Which is good, because most of them we don't want to talk to anyway.
Star IoT, if you have bell-soft mobility.
And if you're like driving around like far away, like say like plantation.
4-letter mail. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing? Pretty good. Good. Did you receive that Cubscar I sent you? Yes I did. Little Cubscar and quite frankly they ought to put Danny Jackson in it and let him drive away in it. And Louis Salazar in a trunk.
I just wanted to make sure you received it. Well I appreciate it. And it's the first time I've called it. Thank you. See you. Okay. Boy are we just under a lot of pressure. Two open lines are both in
the same. I'm just dropped off in day 751. I think the bloom is wearing off the rose. You know what I'm saying? Let's do a homestead. Oh homestead. That's me. That's you. I'm a new caller here. Neil and you know first time caller and I've just started listening to your show. I think it's your entertaining. It sure is. You know I think the what's most entertaining though is when you get people like that guy for blue. He's my favorite. He's my buddy. You're so good with your adversarial. You know when you got somebody that's you know.
I'm from one of the yard who places. Well my coves did I guess. Yeah kind of like homestead. We're we're y'all doing training down here. Yeah. Well I really wanted to say I enjoy your show and I'm sick of that now. I'm a musician and I just got tired of it. So I wanted to switch over and give a. Sir let me just say this to you FM in this market is like ear cancer. Okay. Well I do. It's redundant. It's a growing. It's also a tough. Everybody says the same thing. They talk the same way. It's about as entertaining.
I'm just saying that the whole thing is watching paint dry at the wholesome bakery. Okay. I'm telling you. Yeah well I just wanted to say I appreciate it and good luck. I hope you get him all over the country. We are spreading. We are branching out like an out of control virus. Sir I'm telling you we're branching out. Yeah well I hope you go all over the country. All these the the y'all who's all over the country can hear what is people from. All right. Have a good day. Bye bye. 1243 at W. I. O. D. Two open lines are both in
the same. They said five. See now that's awkward. I don't know what to say about those lines. They're like wherever wherever you are. Okay. I don't can I can I ask a question. That's really dumb question. The line. The calls obviously they're coming out on the 800 number. They already know that number. I haven't given that number out once because I'm so stupid. How can I beat that stupid and yet in spite of that we've had all these calls from all over everywhere. I never gave that
800 number out once. Now can you imagine if I would have given it out. Okay. We could have blocked out a lot of these local ass. I mean some of these great local friends of ours. Here's a mobile in Davie. Yeah. How are you doing today? Very good. I'm right in the middle of a Halloween storm. Not again. And again it's getting a little old isn't it? Yeah sure. Boy I'm getting ponderous. I got the way to put you right over the top. Okay. I'm talking about having gambling down here. Yeah. And all those. I've only been doing that for 10 years. But no.
I'm saying all those Bible belters that can hear you now will really love you. Yes. Especially the governor up there. Mr. Fump. Fump this. Gover you idiot. You need to thump. Bump. Can you pros? I come so yeah. Have a good day. You know the problem is though lately has been having a problem because every time he stands up some of those pills fall out. Have a great day. Good. I see. A 12 45 at W I O D and open line and Broward in the center square Rick and Sudden afternoon. And for those of our local people who are lucky enough to get sports
talk Jim and Joe live coverage of the NBA draft from Miami arena tonight. Hangt tonight live coverage of the draft again. So we are covering that draft like with the gigantic electric blanket. Boka. Boka. Hey Cobb. Hey Cobb. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Yeah. I'd like to know where Rush Nimbab gets off. He says there's not such thing as an ozone hole. I got news for you. If you could ever waddle up.
Off of that cheer you find where it is. I'll guarantee you. Yeah. Yeah. I was up into bashing. I was on the beach for like only an hour. Yeah. And now I'm like red and swollen. Right. Like Rush. Yeah. You ever see him. He used to weigh about 85 pounds. He went on a beach one day and he's just a swirl up like a gigantic bull frog. Man he weighs about 600 now. Yeah. Hey. I want to call the son of Hitler and just to think do that. Okay. Right. See you. Amazing. Isn't it just amazing. All those people that have been exposed to bush being banged once
they started doing all kinds of lines about Hitler. I wonder why 1246 at News Talk Radio 610 WIO D. This is loaded to spell with Don L. I'll be Don L Jackson. And today we're going to spell the word mustache.
Now look fast. M-U-F-C-A-S-A-K. Now let's use it in a sentence. When the police broke down the door. I show was glad I got rid of mustache. This is loaded to spell with Don L. I'll be Don L. Jackson.
1251 and WIO D. We have an open line in date 7519463. That out of town line. I haven't given that number once today. It's 1-800-944-9463. 1-800-944-4WIOD. They must have a better memory than I do. For Lauderdale. Hello, Neil. How are you? Okay. I was wondering if you could give me some good hints for have a line. How about a licorice animal might be good. Here's a lady in Bastenger.
Hello. Hey. Yeah. Hey. I want to say hi to my sister and Venice. Well, how about saying hello to me first? Okay. Wouldn't that be nice? Hey, Neil. Wouldn't that be a little more sociable? Yeah. Yes. All right. He's been calling me though for the last two days. Laughing at y'all. Well, that's great. We love it. You're not going to ask me where I'm at. It says Bastenger. That's right. What is it? On the Cassimmy River near what?
Well, we're east of Seabraine and North Boca Chobie. Oh, man. Talk about between a crock and a hard place. You're just like jammed right in there, aren't you? Yeah. All right. But I went live down in the Sardine camp again for nothing. Not old blaming. We're y'all right. No, we wouldn't either. In fact, once we get this perfected, we're going to like move to Vegas and do this show on the satellite. Hey, how about that? That sounds good to me. Hey, also, I got to say hi to my mom and dad down in Cluest and I'm never probably driving on their way home. All right. From Davey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey
Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey, hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey, hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey, hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, Hey, hey. Hey. Hey. Hey, hey guy. Hey, hey. Hey, hey boy. Why? Why a
In arithmetic, full plus five benign.
This is loaded to spell with Donnell.
I be Donnell Jackson.
And who said this wasn't an educational show?
Okay, 1253 at WIOD, West Palm on the Star Line.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I didn't know a little spire report, you know,
who called Dick and Scott the other day,
but a certain Mr. Hill.
Did you know that?
That was so far behind the time, sir.
Not only did I hear it, we talked to him yesterday.
Oh, did you?
Yeah.
Okay, attention history.
Yeah.
Also, I have news for you.
What?
Abraham Lincoln, Masha.
Yeah, that's right about the same league.
It's having a great day.
Bye.
Oh, well, he's in West Palm.
What do you expect?
He's way to help behind, man.
He's like waiting for George Washington
to pull his teeth out of the glass.
Because if you leave those wooden teeth in a glass
too long, man, especially at the early bird,
we have an open line on the Star Line.
It's ringing as we speak,
and we hope it's from like real far away,
like beyond Palm Beach.
We pray we hope.
Open line in Broward, five, two, four.
Here's, wait a minute.
They're gone.
Inglewood.
Nail, hello.
Yes, sir.
This is downtown Inglewood, Florida,
better known as Wrinklewood, home of the old folks.
All right.
Civilizations come to the third world.
That's great.
Listen, free prune juice enemas for everybody in Inglewood
on us this afternoon, sir.
I'll tell you what, as a transplanted Miami,
and I used to drive across the alley until I,
you faded out.
They thought is in Inglewood ready for Nail,
and now they are.
You know, I think our first call on the 800 line on Monday
was from Anglewood.
How do you like that?
Is that right?
Is that shocking or what?
Well, I think it's just a whole lot of fun to hear you
on the radio and also your compatriots over there,
because there isn't a hell of a lot to do over here,
except watch the grass grow.
Just like here, right?
Well, I'll tell you what, though,
it's got some saving graces I haven't had to put up
with any iron to come.
You need still freedom fighters.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
George set up orders, by the way.
Yeah.
And it only have to carry it gone.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, you might, you want to think about it
if you head up to Loots.
Uh, the only trouble with it is, is, uh,
you got to like old people.
Uh-huh.
Because all the youth is fled for your end of the world.
They're fled for the end.
Yes, sir.
Well, who can blame them?
That's where it's at is the end.
Now, by the Nail, I'm so glad that they put you on a satellite
over here, and I wish you a thousand pounds of luck
with this market, because, uh, we sure need you.
We're kicking some asser, and just three days
we've revolutionized this entire state.
I'm going to tell you what, I think that the, uh,
car radio is going to jump back to A.M.
I don't know why they've got you on at night, though.
It's a whole lot more fun listening to you.
Well, it's a replay.
It fills up four hours, and the price is right.
It's cheap.
Yeah, but the yo-yo that they got on during this time period
is, uh, nothing right home about.
What do you mean by that?
You got the replay at night.
Yeah.
Are you also on live at this time?
Well, where are you listening to me at?
Over my telephone?
I'm in the shop. We don't have any-
No, we're live right now over there.
Run from 10 to 2 and 6 to 10.
Oh, they give you double whammy.
Right.
Two for the price of on.
I got you on the way home, is how I, uh, found out about it.
Well, you can get us on the way in and on the way home
and on the way out.
How do you like that?
I think it's just Andy.
All right.
Neil, have a nice life and a great day.
And you too.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Oh, a little confused there.
He's okay. We can rip him because he's not listening.
Uh, here's a lady in Atlanta.
Yeah.
Lady in Atlanta.
Bitch.
Who the hell are you kidding?
Okay, honey, a lady in Atlanta.
Probably a lady in Aintree, okay?
Who's rolling around in the woods with, uh, Ned Bates' cousin.
We have an open line in date, 7519-463.
Now, see, I shouldn't be saying that.
I'm confused as how to deal with this thing
because we've done a little subterfuge on the phone lines
to weedle in some more of the trucks on the 800 thing there,
which has worked magnificently well.
And I guess if I would have just kept my mouth shut,
it would continue working fine.
Hi, Alia.
Neil.
Yes.
Got a question for you.
Okay.
Firstly, I've got to say that I'm not, um,
I can understand anybody's political feelings.
I really don't care one way or the other,
but I'm riding down 441 the other day.
And I passed Royal Castle.
Yes.
Okay.
And there's-
I can't be responsible for Wayne Arnold's right wing.
I love- uh, Sheriff Nick Ramp.
I couldn't believe it.
There's your name.
And I still insist that he gets my picture in my name.
A lot farther away from that crap about Sheriff Nick
and his lovely, wonderful wife.
So now he has Nazi burgers?
He has, uh, Gestapo burgers.
I could.
It was amazing.
Is he really feel that way or is that?
Yes.
I just want to apologize.
He is a Sheriff Nick loving police gun-toting loving,
uh, right wing.
That's just him, you know?
I could.
And I keep that in town for years, Wayne.
You make great food.
We love your food, but keep your politics to yourself
because it makes most of us puke.
Well, I thought-
It makes those-
It makes the whitehots come from the bowels of my existence
and popping out of my brains again.
I tossed my cookies and struck right on by.
That's right.
How did you enjoy the Shane Alexander book?
I'm still reading it.
I couldn't have been that good.
No, I just-
It was that I started about three books at the same time
and that was one of them.
No, actually, I think it is very good.
What was the name of it?
The Nutcracker or-
Something like that.
Something like that.
Something like that.
Something like that.
Something like that.
Something like that.
Crack this, yeah.
No, I think it's pretty good.
All right.
I'm saving it for my next plane trip, like two alludes.
Well, next time you have the Nazi burgers delivered, let us know.
It has like a cute little insignia on it, by the way.
You gotta see the way.
You gotta,00.
Neely burger, you gotta see the little insignia they make with the bacon strips.
You mean theyz, this-
We have a great day
You mean theyz, this is the way.
我們相信, 是大家做的還有其他人了,ón?
Click click.
See ya.
Bye.
I just got to...see he just-
They don't want to listen.
I said you gotta see the cute little design they make with the bacon strips.
You can envision that, can't ya?
Show!
That's why they call it Hotel Cut, as, in Cut the Craft.
Open Line in Dade County.
7519463,4 La
Here.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello once.
See, there's nobody on this line?
But you know the good part of it is we needed a deadline to feel like because if somebody would have been on there
It would have been really gross because we don't have time to do justice as they say in Atlanta
So we wouldn't have had time to talk to you anyway
So thanks so very much for having the kindness and decency to hang up and get out of our face you idiot
Anyway, we'll come back for one more hour from 105 to two and then of course they carry it again on S U
Went from 6 to 10 at night because it fills up a lot of free hours and because it's so damn good
And also because it pisses off a lot of people and lutes who just can't believe it's coming back at you again
Don't forget Rick and suds at two and they're finally they've been working out all week
And they now that they are getting over their initial nervousness and psychosis
Rumor has it. They're gonna really do a good show today and we've been waiting for that for a long time
guest will be voice coach Dr. Morton Cooper the top 10 tabloid trash headlines and the world famous wheel of meat pops into your radio for the first time on a West Coast
South Florida zoos traffic and weather
Who's talk radio six 10 W I O D my every four-letter mail in the bombie
Who's talk radio six 10 W I O D presents the meal Roger show
The good and touch and talk with Neil dial 751 W I O D from day in brow at its five to four W I O D
Outside the 305 area code toll free 1 800 944 W I O D and bell south mobility customers make a free call by dialing star I O D
The opinions expressed by the guests hosts or callers are not necessarily those of this station now here's Neil Rogers on news
Dog radio six 10 W I O D. Oh boy. It's the one to two hour
He's an actor who hasn't done anything good since baton and a priest who was stereotyped 17 years ago and hasn't worked since
No new creative ideas productions presents
X-Cramman 3
C devil things
Starry's is got some guys new we can't remember and Rose and bar as be all above X-Cramman 3
Now taking a dump near you this movie is unrated because no one stayed must be opening credits
107 and W I O D were sorry we're back a little bit late folks, but Mitch grand who is the twerp
The I can't tell the time asshole over at Metro traffic went like a minute and 15 seconds
I was supposed to be a 30 second traffic thing in the middle of our news and Lisa Campbell would like to send him a message that if he ever does it again
She's gonna come over there wherever the hell or whatever room closet they're doing the traffic reports out of and
Beath a living crap out of him is what she said and she could do it believe me
Okay, Mitch you idiot you sleaze bag you time consuming derelict you
Starlines open at star I O D Miramar
Any how you doing great
What's the address the pizza off tonight? What's the address?
69th and Flagler just east of the Palmetto
How would you get there from Hollywood? Oh, you can't get there from Hollywood. No, you know how to get on the Palmetto
Yeah, you go down to the Flagler Street exit
You make a left and go east about like five six blocks and it's upstairs 69th Street and and Flagler
What do you recommend we eat over there?
Whatever you like, it's great sensational
Just yank on Jess Pony tell a couple of times they give you something real good
That Chris is a bit of eater. Yeah, great. Well, I'll be there, sir
I'll see you. Bye
Emotional one away to W. I. O. D. We have an open line and Broward 524 W. I. O. D. Sebring on the Starline
I can't believe it. I told you all this would work. Didn't I?
Incredible. Yeah
We got you sir. We had you it was good. It was great. We had him
From Sebring on us. He must have thought he was paid for it boy. He got off of there faster and you can say slime ball
See you people got to understand that is another. I'm not only do we pay for the 800 line because the system's got five billion dollars
And want to slap you in the face with it
You especially if you're like working for jcorp broadcasting
They want to like slap you around with it, but also the starline for Bell Soft mobility. You don't pay a thing
Okay, how do you like that? How do you like them Taters man?
Miami
Hello
Hi, Neil first time caller from Tampa. You're from Tampa. Yeah, how come it says Miami on here George you sleaze bag
This nice ladies in Tampa and when I said Miami there was a this long pause like she had no idea what I was talking about
I can't blame you man. Welcome to Tampa. We need you here, Neil
I am so pleased to be had in Tampa. You have no idea
Well, you make the rest of these guys look like a joke
Because they are they are a joke they're much alike immature little pre-pubescent assholes is what they I'm sorry
Thanks for bringing it to Tampa. We love you great
Well, listen, I'll see you at stake in shake. Okay, absolutely. I'm fall I'm fall or avenue. I know exactly where it is
All right, bye bye bye. Why are they nice or what see most of the people like I would say 99
Excuse me percent
Getting choked up an emotional she was so nice
99% of the people over there are real nice
As opposed over here. We're like about 30% of the people are just flaming assholes
Hmm
And speaking of that how you doing Neil what do you want happy birthday Jeff? Thank you very much. Is that what you wanted?
Oh, yeah
Oh, you are so chronic you're what? Still in bed on my birthday. I don't wonder. I'm choked. I must have known this was coming
Already had breakfast and lunch and bed. Well, that's sweet now. I'm gonna have to roll out and get ready to get down to work to meet
Yeah, you better get with it. Okay, stop hanging around there just because it's your birthday stop all yourself a grand disment
Yeah, by the way, it's 69th Avenue not 69th Street. Oh, whatever it is
I mean when you're get on flag your street the numbers to speak for themselves. Okay, don't start calling in here correcting me. Okay
I know I was just calling to say hello tell you we're getting ready
Also in Johnny dark is a substitute if you don't cut the crap
Looking forward to having you tonight. Yeah, and I wanted to tell Angela and Lonnie to make sure they stay in line for the rest of the day
What does that mean? I don't want any problems. What does that mean? I just little inside job. Oh an inside job. Uh-huh. Yeah
So how are you feeling good? I feel pretty good a little better every day
Well, I'm sounding great because we actually now have like something new and exciting going on and it was long desperately needed
Yeah, I'm sorry it was I'm surprised that it wasn't thought of much sooner. It's like a whole mother ball game
It was thought of a long time ago, but you know the wheels of progress here move very slowly
Very slowly like creepy. Okay
Well, we'll be seeing it tonight Jeff. I'd be careful on your drive over. It was that mean. Oh, it's a little wet out
You know the roads Jeff. Yeah, we'll see you tonight. Okay. Bye
Pain in the ass
It's 12 minutes after one on news talk radio 610 wiod
Catch the latest news traffic and weather info each morning with micronary in the morning information team just before the neo-retry show
More pancakes believe
Yes, mom, but we need more syrup. Well, what kind of syrup do you want? Barla, maple syrup, Bob
Yes, it's the new pancake syrup in the bottle shaped like America is number one tabloid slide new mile of maple syrup
What Donald Trump pumps on his pancake
117 at wiod here's a lady in West Palm Beach
Hey, yes, Neil. Yeah, I am from West Palm. I'm in trophy cone. Yes, Ruth. They listen darling. We are not dead beats here
I am 60 years old. Yes. Okay, sweetheart. And I am pregnant. I listen. Yes. I ride a dog on it
Psycho. Yeah, I want to hear what you have to say about that. What do I have to say about it? Yes, sweetheart ride this Ruthie
117 at wiod just hysterical man hysterical. We have an open line and broward 524 wiod probably dropped her breakfast banana this morning
Here's nice fill on the star line
nice fill
Oh, they're listening to the delay. They're listening off their car radio and all of a sudden they're going to come like blasting on here. Hello
Trust me. I don't think they're even listening to the right station. Are they? Hello
Up yours
118 at wiod the star lines. I'm see I should have just left the star line alone leave well enough alone
Everything else is going great. Leave the star line alone. Let's not encourage all these Yahoo's there
They can't handle it. They can't drive and chew gum and to spit it out at the same time. They can't do it
Hollywood
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, what's up? How you doing first time caller? All right
I just want to tell you that you have to be more selective in your cause. Well, you don't have to but warn George about Bellevue
About Bellevue there's a little town called Bellevue. We don't even have any calls from Bellevue yet
I don't need I was stuck there for five years of my life. It's almost as bad as New Jersey if you can believe it
Well Bellevue what long I don't know Bellevue Florida. Where the hell is that? It's right outside of O'Cala or
Or Aquila hot. There's all these little towns
And they'll make you want to kill yourself. I'm telling you. Is that like L. Joe Bean? It's worse than New Jersey. No, that's impossible
Well, that's true. It is a little carried away, sir. You're getting just a little bit carried away. Well, can I just call somebody a bag? Of course
No, yes, the whole state of New Jersey. You're all too spec. Okay. Bye. See in Trenton
One 19 at W. I. O. D
There's a guy probably left the airport at Newark and in a hail bad mistake pal
Two open lines. They're both in Broward
We seem to be going through like a change of life this hour bizarre five two four nine four six three five two four W. I
D and here's now what is that? See bring on the starline again. Hello
I didn't know it was a free call. Well, now you're back, huh
What a free what a free loader man
Yep, the weather sucks today, sir. It's raining. It's windy. It's crap
I'd turn around and go back. We're gonna come down and do some money. All right. All right. We'll find one to get the town. Okay
Maniac maniac
Twenty after one at W. I. O. D. We have an open line on the starline that was a
Connection from a hell okay and a comedian from hell one twenty on news talk radio six ten W. I. O. D
The opinions expressed in this program and unnecessarily those are six and W. I. O. D.
Oh my god, the day is lost today is lost. It is all over. Oh, I knew it. I knew it. I knew it
Hi
Guessy
May I
Be so
Get a clue, dude.
All they do is that you use the chance
and kill the better of our grants
if you even have a chance to surely outlaw dance.
Got a claim that you want to pass those you feel lost.
Got no more 900 hot day calls.
Back under your rock we wish that you were strong.
Ooh, yes, E.D. you have got a lot of gold.
So anyway, 126 at WIOD we have an open light in Broward 524 WIOD Miami.
Hello, hello once.
Hello twice, Adios and Up Yours.
Plantation, hello.
What's going on with these phones?
Hello.
Hello, Mill.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Good.
I'm a nephew who's asking me a question this morning.
I couldn't answer it.
Hope you could help me out.
Yes, sir.
Okay, he said a friend of his father got a fishing license.
He said, what is the purpose of the fishing license?
What is the purpose of the fishing license?
What is the purpose of it?
Yeah, I don't know what it's for.
What is the purpose of a driver's license?
What is the purpose of the license to cross the street?
Right?
Well, it's another fascist government intrusion
into your life is what it is.
That's what you should tell him.
So it's just that...
It's the government's way of giving you permission to put those live crabs and worms
and living things on the end of a real sharp hook and then stick them in the mouth
of a living creature and inflict as much pain in it as possible.
That's what it is.
So really there is no purpose.
No, it's legalized murder is what it is.
I see.
Okay?
Thank you.
Okay, I'm glad you got a good answer for him.
127 at WIOD and Open Line and Broward 524.
Miami.
Neil.
When is this?
Hi, this is Dave and Miami.
Yes, Dave.
Listen, I'm a virgin caller.
Really?
You started listening to you at work.
Yeah.
I'm originally from Lakeland.
You sound like a virgin caller, Dave.
Thanks a lot.
You really do.
I'm originally from Lakeland.
I got some friends over there at Florida.
Well, I'd explain a lot though, doesn't it?
I'm telling you.
Yeah.
Listen, I got my experience for driving and learning how not to get killed here in Miami
by the freaks and stuff who get so angry, you know, in Lakeland.
I was still in Lakeland when I got this experience.
I was sitting in a red light next to a big, huge planet and I look over and I see a nice little lady
look over and wave at her and immediately she didn't want to look.
She was just afraid.
There were a couple of my friends in the car and I just wave at her.
The next thing I know, check this out.
The next thing I know, we're driving along.
I haunt my horn at her.
I want to wave at her again.
I'm just being kind of silly whatever.
She pulls a gun on me and rolls her window down.
So I learned not to mess with people.
Don't mess with those friendly folks in Lakeland, sir, okay?
I'm telling you, the only thing I learned over there, she's probably from Auburndale.
Right, not to screw with people and that cow tipping is the only thing they know how to do over there.
You bet.
Listen, can I call someone to douchebag?
And shooting people like you, Dave, that's the other thing they know how to do.
Right, right.
Can I call someone to douchebag?
Yes, Dave.
I want to call my boss, Michael, a clown, pushing cold wet douchebag.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Neil. Have a good day.
And we'll see you.
Later.
Bye-bye.
129 at WIOD.
The outer townline is, I don't know how to do this, say I'm confused.
Well, just whatever it is.
Here's a lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
You make my day.
My land's great.
Listen.
Did you read the story of Joseph and I know he called himself Joe Bonanza?
Joe Bonanza is right.
He and Shakita had a little thing going.
Yeah, right.
Real little.
I'm sure you read the book, but you know what happened?
I can't find the book down here.
I have to have the name of the book and the author.
I thought he wrote it himself.
I haven't got any idea.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What do you think?
I think it's called peel this.
Yeah, what do you think of the book?
What?
I mean, what do you think of the John Gotti book that just came out?
I haven't read it yet, okay?
Yeah.
There are more things in my life besides Mafio C, not too much though.
That's mainly where it's at.
Well, I'm physically disabled, so I'm catching up on all my back.
Well, that's great.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, we'll find the name of that for you, okay?
It's so loud.
We'll send the peel over.
Thank you.
Don't slip on it.
Okay.
129 at WIOD.
We have an open line.
Maybe she already did.
And Howard, 524, 9463.
You know, you watch the news.
You see the thing with the John Gotti verdict.
And all these people are trying to push the car over and her screaming and her carrying on
and throwing bricks.
It's just the American way, you know?
It's just the way we, I think that Mayor Daley was right.
That's just the way we do things here now, okay?
Like after the Bulls won a championship.
We just, if we get upset about something, if we're happy about something,
we just go out, we start like, uh, carry it on, man.
We just like go nuts.
We're out of control.
Speaking about a control, Toppen Springs.
You sound like the kind of idiot.
Yes.
That would walk through fresh, poor concrete.
That's right.
Just remember, there's no need to fear that KKK will soon be there.
Can I say something to you, sir?
When in doubt, pour it out.
In other words, stand up.
We have an open line indeed.
You know, it's amazing that OP over there at FLA
keeps putting up all these set up calls here from over.
That's not going to do it, OP.
That won't get the job.
That won't be back tomorrow.
And next week, and a week after that.
And that will be around in August when J. Corgo is in the chapter
like every chapter that's ever been invented.
Not going to work, OP, okay?
We be back, baby.
We're coming back.
Plantation.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Apologize for not calling.
I've been like running around like a madman in the last couple of days.
What do you mean you apologize for not calling?
Because I have, there's something I gotta do for it.
What does that mean?
You apologize for not calling.
Like we've had some kind of shortage of calls.
That's just it.
I mean, everyone's been busy as hell.
Yeah.
You're expanding out.
I've been running around like a madman.
Listen, very quickly.
Did you see last Sunday, Sunsettonal?
Yes.
See what I mean?
1-31 at WIOD.
Let's do a Fort Lauderdale on the Starline.
Hello.
Nail.
Yeah.
Listen, I got my cousin down here from Philadelphia.
Yeah.
And he wants to know about hockey.
Eric, he can't find us out.
Eric Lindrow.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
Okay.
Did he get to pick them up?
The Ranger?
They haven't decided yet.
They haven't decided because Quebec, why are you wanna listen to me, sir?
Do you wanna listen for just a moment?
Yes, sir.
The Quebec Nordiques rhymes with geeks.
Yeah.
Because there are a bunch of imbosules, they traded him to the Philadelphia Flyers.
However, after they consummated that trade, if I can say that,
the New York Rangers made him a better deal.
So then they turned around and they traded him to the Rangers.
And it's in the hands of the league.
How old?
Who's his what and which parts they get and where they put him, etc.
It's a bunch of crap.
Okay.
Just exactly what you'd expect from a bunch of French Canadians.
I see for the blind man.
Right.
The one thing I do know is that the Leafs ain't getting them, okay?
That I know.
Okay.
Can I ask one favor of you?
Can you play the, what the heck is there, I wanna do?
What the heck?
Oh yeah, three-way and stick it.
Okay.
Can you do that?
Sure.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
See ya.
Bye-bye.
Starlines open, Star IOD.
It's 133 on NewsTalk Radio 610WIOD.
Catch the latest news, traffic and weather info.
Each morning with Mike Granary in the morning information team.
Just before the Neil Rogers show.
Tell my team IOD.
It's alive.
I am not a Nazi.
Turned about.
That house.
Doubt.
Listen.
Stand through the door.
Hello.
What a warm heart.
I'll say.
You are.
Tell me your often.
Pardon me?
Have you been here before?
No.
First time.
What's your name?
Three-way.
Three-way.
That's nice.
I'm stick it.
Please, can you choose?
Stick it.
Mine here.
You are here to get clean.
What?
Oh, I don't know.
You work around here?
I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor, you know.
Oh yeah, yeah.
I know.
What's the top of this?
You probably need to rely on it.
Oh, outside.
But you know, with everything that's in the news and all,
it's to pay.
You can start relaxing right now, freeway.
I brought something.
Ooh, she.
Mm-hmm.
And freeway.
Not just any sheet either.
Look.
Wow, gold lame.
Pretty kitty condom, huh?
But here's the most important part, freeway.
From the ProTech label.
ProTech, huh?
I'm those in the door.
By the City Council of San Francisco.
Absolutely.
You know the ProTech slogan, don't you?
I sure do.
35, safe.
By the city.
By the bay.
Well, what do you say?
Darn, look at that.
I dropped this soap again.
I'll get it.
Bet your life he will.
And with confidence.
Because freeway and spick had have condoms in.
Don't let worry, spoiled those chance meetings
and public showers.
Always carry ProTech.
ProTech.
P-R-O-T-E-E-T
P-M-I-P-S-M-B
P-R-O-T-E-T
No, I'm not.
You have to be like me.
You have to be like me.
Don't doubt.
Know what it's all about.
The ProTech chief.
So they won't send you a refund.
ProTech condoms.
A division of Black, Black, House, and Garden.
That's some gold division.
Keep these situations safe since 1887.
Okay, 139.
Rick Raleigh was just in here and you up to leave what he said.
That's it.
Maniac.
Just a total maniac.
Just barging around here like he owns the damn place.
I got news for you.
Anybody that puts the moonscope guy on on statewide needs mental help immediately.
Here's a lady in Kendall.
Hello.
Hi.
I want to ask you a question.
Yes.
I had a lady died commemorative coin.
You had one?
It was a coin.
You know, the commemorative coins that came out when lady Diana ran.
Who gives a crap about her?
Well, I don't care for anyone.
All that constipated royal family over there that the British can't grow up and get over, you mean?
Yeah.
Well, I don't think they do that bad.
Oh, they're ridiculous.
They're like a bunch of old grown school kids with a queen and the prince and the princess.
That's like at a fairy tale.
Okay, they got to come into the real world.
Well, you know the coin.
People are starving over there and they're wearing that princess Diana's depressed.
I know, I know.
Well, if you were married to a geek like that, you'd be depressed too.
Well, I don't want to discuss that one.
You got ears like Dumbo.
I wanted to discuss the coin that I saw.
Well, what do I know about it?
Well, you don't know about it.
I know nothing about it.
What do I know about coins?
I guess you can't answer my question then.
Well, I'm awfully sorry.
Are you upset?
No.
Well, that's good.
I'm not either.
Have a great day.
Bye.
Dumbo bitch.
141 at W.
I always in that ridiculous.
She's going, I want this this show have to do with her princess die coin.
Okay, God, if you wouldn't have stood up, maybe you wouldn't have lost it.
We have an open line indeed.
751.
Well, what a geez.
I mean, people are right in the middle of this show and she's calling us like that.
Where is the new man?
The new man?
The coin man?
I have this old Indian head thing that I've been rubbing for hours here.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
I'm Tony George.
This bunch this hour, I wouldn't wish on behind Requimler.
Sarasota.
Neil.
These people are incredible and they're picking on you, folks, sir.
I won't Neil.
How do you like that woman with her princess die coin?
Isn't she hot?
Man.
Thank you.
If I believed it in my would thank God that I heard your voice again on the radio.
Really?
Yes.
I've been up here since October 91.
Wow.
I've had a withdrawal system that's ever sent.
Even Ted Bundy never had a sentence like that.
Now you know why they call it Sarisota.
How was there for a year, man?
I'm sorry, believe me.
The median age is like 100 years past death.
Sarisota.
Yeah.
That's right.
Sarisota is right.
I will say one thing though.
You know, the one thing I do miss when I was in Sarasota,
they had some damn good restaurants over there.
You know, I bet there are a few.
Really?
There was a German, a place that had a German smorgasbord.
I can't think that it's probably long gone.
There's just...
There a Dutchman?
Was that it?
Could have been.
I don't know.
I think it was the old Heidelberg?
The old Heidelberg.
No, you remember that German smorgasbord place in Sarisota?
Oh God, that was good.
What was it?
Was it the old Heidelberg?
Is it still there?
It's still there.
It's still there.
Oh man, I'd go over there just to eat there with all my good buddies
from like Loots and Tarpen Springs.
We could just hide under the sheets.
They'd never know.
And then leave as soon as you're done with the meal.
Right.
Well, please, I hope this is permanent.
It is forever, sir, believe me.
I surely...
All these Yahoo's from FLA that are calling with all these phony threats.
Oh, we're getting the clans on away.
You know, they all sound like the same guy, too.
You know, they all sound like the guy who works in a programming office over at FLA.
Don't let that station come over here.
No.
I hope they have...
I wouldn't wish that station on Hitler.
They have enough of them over here, but it's not religious.
Same old tired craft man.
Same old pontificating voices, solving all the problems of the world,
telling everybody what to think and what to do to screw them.
Right?
Neal, it's a pleasure talking to you.
Well, it's great to hear your voice.
And you hang in there, sir.
Now that you're in touch with almost reality,
you keep your finger off.
Almost.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
Bye.
By the way, how come nobody called in today to give us a critique of Batman?
You think that millions of people now that all that money is pouring in
because people are bored to death?
That millions of people would have seen it by now.
I wouldn't see it if they paid me $100 a minute.
I would not go see that.
The first one was just dark and depressing and dank and had nothing whatsoever to do with.
It had about as much connection with Batman as the exorcist did.
I mean, none whatsoever.
Not to mention, of course, that Michael Keaton is just...
He's like one step away from Richard Geer, okay?
I wouldn't be surprised if they're like rodents in his tights.
144 at WIOD, Hollywood.
Yeah, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Yeah, I love...
I got to call you and tell you that I enjoy...
You're an inspiration to me.
You're one that doesn't put up with any...
With...
That Rick is out of control.
I gotta say, you're one that doesn't put up with any crap.
Right.
And I got to admire your instinct because I tell you,
I've been listening to you for years and you've been...
Really touched me with entertainment.
And that's what we need.
Well, that's our idea.
We want to touch everybody while we get the chance.
I tell you, because there's too much doom and gloom out there.
I mean, with this new constitutional law that permits the hate crimes.
Right.
And I gotta tell you, if anybody that doesn't appreciate life,
they should really get a life.
Exactly.
Well, I'm Todd from Hollywood.
Okay.
And I tell you, all I gotta say is you're one of my favorite disc jockey.
He's in...
One of your favorite ones?
Yeah, radio.
Radio.
Oh, Todd, you were doing so great until you said that.
How long?
You were doing such a magnificent pump job until you said that and all of a sudden...
I know.
I got my tongue caught in my mouth there.
Right.
Well, get it unfolded.
Okay.
Have a great day, Todd.
God bless you, Daniel.
See ya.
Bye-bye.
That was Todd.
145.
And W.A. is a good guy.
He's just emotional now.
He's just a basket case.
He was once in a really important place.
You can't remember where it was.
Here's a lady in Boka.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, I wanted to thank you.
I mean, first of all, you're welcome.
Well, you're welcome.
Okay, thanks.
But the best thing about this is you made me get out my floor to Atlas and look up your mama and Ozoneo.
No, no, not your mama.
It's...
Why mama?
Why mama?
Yeah.
Don't you remember that Elvis Presley song?
Why mama?
Why are you sleeping with me?
Yeah.
But I learned a little bit more about the state.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah, we're sticking, pins in it all over the place today, man.
Painful.
Is it painful?
It is.
Well, you've lightened up, but it's like drizzling down here in Boka or up here in Boka from where you are.
This is fun, though, isn't it?
It's excellent.
It's like we're reaching out and kind of like touching all over the whole state.
Like we got this gigantic hand.
And we're sticking our magical fingers into everybody's ear all over the state.
You made me think about getting my own map and every time I hear about it in the state,
putting our new area, putting a little pin in my own.
Great.
Yeah.
Well, stick a pin in it.
I sure will.
In fact, we should get some new bumper stickers for the whole state.
Stick a pin in it for somebody.
Okay, listen, thanks very much.
I have a great day.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
147 at WIOD.
Stick a pin in it and see if it hurts.
Hey, listen, when you look at the state of Florida on the map, you know it's going to be painful.
147 on News Talk Radio 610 WIOD.
That's 326-026-0.
Tonight at 6, it's sports dog 6Kans.
South Florida's most listen to the sports show.
You talk radio 610-0.
Tell me why you're key.
Hi, this is Johnny Fox.
I listen to the Arojus because I can hear the word asshole.
I listen to WIOD.
That shows the daytime all better.
You never know it's my the way that they are from all day.
That's what the news and the weather is.
It's always a cool, brilliant sunny person.
And Josie, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga, g
So anyway, 1.53 is WI. You know, we got a train here, which I wasn't even aware we had a train coming out of the train.
So we got a train here, which I was going to be talking about today.
And the people who are new listeners are going to be terminally bored.
You see when the train's in Tampa, we can run those two.
Because what we do on this station is we give the numbers out.
And Johnny Dark wants to know how badly the coast did.
Well, let's take a look and see how the coast did.
12 pluses all I got.
And by the way, they went from a 3-8 to a 4-1.
How do you like that?
On the coast.
Exactly.
And WIOD, this is overall from a 3-9 to a 4.
So we both went up just a little smidgen, just a little tad.
Right, exactly, just that much.
Now I'd be happy to tell you how we're nearer you didn't in the morning, but the only problem is that they left out the first page.
Whoever put this together, and look, look, look, here's the first page, but there are no colliders again.
The job they do of copying, you see what I'm saying?
Here's all the numbers, but there's no colliders.
And they did the same thing at night, so we have no idea how Hank did 12 pluses.
And how come these are coming in here so slowly, man?
It's 154 already.
Midday from a 5-4 to a 5-5.
We're doing it, man.
Just behind the lifeless.
Oh!
Just behind our local slush FM station with a 5.5 share in midday.
And in the afternoon, Ricken says from a 3-1.
From a 3-7 to a 3-9 in the afternoon.
Oh!
Yeah, we're doing it.
So we had a pretty decent trend here.
Nothing too spectacular, but we all went up just a little tiny tad, just a little smidgen.
We all have within the grasp of our reach.
Now what is that?
Another copy of the same thing?
Well, let's see it, Johnny.
Each east time is running out and you're poaching around here.
God almighty, are you a sleaze bag?
Thank you.
6 to 10 a.m.
Let's see, Reneerie went from.
He's not on that page.
You see, well, that's the wrong page.
It's the same crap.
And here's this.
Look at that.
All the copies she made of the first page, she puts it as the second page and all the
callators are chopped off.
She may not be good, but they're consistent.
Whoever you people are at the copying machine today, you people are imbecilsman, Halcyon.
Oh, God.
I mean, you talk about stupidity.
We got like a corner on it here.
We've got more dumb people in one building here than you can shake your thing at.
It's just astonishing.
Huh?
How could one?
Who'd be down?
No, you don't understand.
This first page is where the second page is in there and there's no callators on it.
So he probably did just fine, but we don't know.
So we'll have to get the original ones and grab them away from just wrestle Disney to the
ground out there in the hallway and grab the original ones away and kick them in the
groin, okay?
And cut the crap.
Choose it.
So I guess we did, okay, we think we're not sure we hope.
Now, I'm not putting him on again today, okay?
He's got a new play toy that Ron St. John, tell him to get a life, okay?
Here's a lady in Miami.
He's worth it in the moonscope guy.
Yeah.
Do you want respect?
What is it?
Do you want respect?
No.
Do you want to suppress?
Do I want what?
Do you want to suppress people?
Suppress what?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
What are you drinking?
What's in your mouth?
God, what a crazy bitch.
Coral Springs.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was just talking to my friends and you see, you know, the cops in Coral Springs, you
know?
You know what?
Yeah, no.
I said, I said, I said my alarm off at one time.
Yeah.
And it took 10 minutes for them to get down here.
Yeah.
I think they need to get off of their donut shop and start doing their jobs.
Well, they're busy making the coffee at the U Flotum store.
Don't you understand that?
Have any of you ever seen them changing the filters at the U Flotum nearby you?
Yeah.
They're busy doing heavy-duty stuff like that.
They should start working.
I mean, what the hell is wrong with them?
They cut the crap.
Amen.
And get out from one of those bushes.
You're right, sir.
Have a great life.
Here's a, wait a minute, wrong one.
Tampa.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's a great day in Tampa.
It certainly is.
I've been telling everybody for years about the great Neil Rogers.
Yes, sir.
Finally, you'll validate my thoughts.
Absolutely, man.
We've taken that ton by its gigantic fat pimpley ass.
You're very right, sir.
Very right, sir.
We've done it.
Neil, do me one favor.
Yeah.
Kick WFLA's ass into the morrow.
Well, sir, we are going to kick WFLA so far off the radio dial that the people at J-Core
are going to be doing like hand sprints.
I mean, like all over the place.
The only opi and opi over there is going to be like, have his head so far up his colon,
they're not going to ever find him again.
Well, finally we're talking about that.
No, they're in a panic already.
We've only been down to year three days now and they're in a panic and they're not letting
their people talk about us and it's like top secret.
They are just, uh, fibrillating over there.
They're going nuts.
The only decent act they got over there is Lionel and he, uh, if you had any.
And you can take any, if they ever put his voice, vocal cords back in, you could understand
what he was saying.
Neil, we're just happy to sell to have you tabbed.
Well, spread the words, sir.
Okay.
I'm a friend of mine told me the good news and made my day.
All right.
And go up into lutes and kick some ass.
Oh, absolutely.
Okay.
They care.
Neil.
So what do we got?
Now I get 18 to 34.
Nobody cares about 18 to 34 because that's not our demographic.
However, power 18 to 34 is a 10 to 5 and EDR dropped from an 11 3 to a 9 3.
It's about time they came back down to earth with those inflated, ridiculous numbers.
Okay.
I mean, EDRs do in just fine, but not like, uh, let's get serious.
And she drops from an 8 5 to a 7 3 18 to 34.
So basically there's nothing, we have nothing than anybody really cares about except that
12 plus IOD went up just a little smidgen.
And what about, we got about a minute left.
How about the light bulb?
He asked, do they like show up this time and the answer is or Q.A.M.
either one.
And the answer is no.
Oh, look at that.
12 plus overall the bottom one here is WM VM with a 1.2.
I think they're doing Haitian melodies.
Aren't they?
They're doing Patwara or something.
And like mid day, let's take a look.
We're sitting here with our 5 5 and Bush Bing Bangs on Q.A.M.
They still haven't shown up on here.
And Mr. Ego also doesn't show up on here in mid day.
12 plus this is, which includes all their geriatric old farts.
They're under a 1 3 because WCM Q.A.M.
is the last one listed tied for 25th with a 1.3.
So nice go at WQAM and light bulb.
You may not be good, but you're consistent.
Well, listen, have a sensational day.
Don't forget pizza trough tonight, 5 till 10.
Going to be great.
Bring a lot of money, bring a healthy appetite,
bring a bunch of birthday gifts for Jeff Cohen, ponytail.
And the Rick and Suz, the guest will be voice coach,
Dr. Morton Cooper, the top 10 tabloid trash headlines.
And the wheel of meat slaps the entire state
for the first time today.
South Florida zoos traffic and weather station.
Doos dog, radio six dead in WIOZ.
Miami 4th Waterdale in the Palm Beach.
