I can't get enough you know what I'm saying?
When do we start?
1128 I think I said that but you can't give the time too often around all time all temp
all birthday radio.
You know what I like the best on a Ranieri show now that new feature where he does his
little trance in his pants and he tells you about who won the lottery thing.
Haven't you heard that where he goes in that little fake trance?
It would be like my going into a trance and like reading to you the headline from the
Metro Extra Section in yesterday in Tuesday sunset.
I'll go out and say water supply surge in February.
Rain may force state district measures to avoid flooding in Lake Okeechobee.
I think it's going to say in the upper right hand quarter of page 3B and then Ranieri comes
and says, look at that water supply surge in February.
Rain may force state.
How about that?
Yeah.
Good job man.
And that goes about 30 seconds in between those spots.
Let's go to a four-letter day.
Hello.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Pretty good.
Let me say it again.
Yes sir.
Speak to me.
Speak now.
Hello.
Hello.
How you doing?
Hello.
Hello.
Let's go to a four-letter day.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hi.
That's not you watching that planning.
Did you see anything that was really strange?
Donat host show.
George wants to know if you're holding your nose like Tonya Cruz.
Is he?
Are you doing that?
Do you have a knock?
He said you are.
He said you have bad nasal condition, huh?
Tell me you can hold it.
You OK?
Oh, look at that.
OK, go ahead.
Donat, during the scene where Galene is going to meet that woman.
Vaseline?
Yeah, Vaseline.
Is going to meet that woman out in the parking lot.
Yeah.
Right.
And Gary came driving up and said you were a douchebag and it's raining.
That's right.
And she went all my money, yeah.
How come she wasn't wet?
How come she wasn't soaking wet?
Looks like a two-person look, OK?
Because she's a cool fish.
That's probably the best.
I saw that scene.
I just rolled off my bed, man.
Well, hey, listen.
Don't take much in your case.
God, no wonder you love this show.
I want to tell you that you're going to attend an individual.
Yes, I am.
All right, man.
I enjoy your show.
Yes, I do.
And I'm glad you're on the gap over 16 years.
And I wish you another 16 years.
At least another 16 minutes anyway.
I'm glad you're on the right day.
Listen, you too.
Bye-bye.
OK, there you go.
11.30 now.
I was Woody Graper on his way over with our soup.
I'm really delighted.
OK, I said 11.30 was the deadline.
Now we're going to start talking about who?
And really let him have it but good.
I mean, that's just unconsumable.
You know what?
I mean, just absolutely outrageous.
After all of the exploiting and all of the squeezing and all of the self-aggrandizement
that's going on.
I think my name is probably going to get rubbed off the wall up there now.
You know what?
In fact, I think I might be the one to do it.
West Palm Beach, hello.
How you doing, Il?
Probably be over on Power 96 pretty soon.
Pretty good.
All right, so the fiber trooper up here in West Palm Beach just now.
The fiber trooper?
Yes, got a Corvette.
Oh, that one, yeah.
Oh, yeah, he's a real jerk though.
But he just zip on me about 9 amps in there about 60.
This is it by like a light soup.
Yeah.
Oh, by the way, you ever get your solar heat
or ever get your water.
I'm not getting no solar.
I'm not getting no heat pump.
I'm getting me gas, propane gas.
What about the water softener?
And that's coming into water exchange, just taking care of that.
I'm all taken care of.
And the plumber came and fixed my turl it.
And the dogs are smiling.
And everything is just, you know, it's just a big hassle in the beginning.
Gotta make it all fall into place.
Oh, by the way, you really fired for the fire
on these traffic guys.
We're in because all this traffic reports this morning were 100% correct.
Well, how do you like that, huh?
Yeah, I was up there going towards North and 95.
And every time I said something happened, it happened.
Yeah, but don't forget it's a leap year.
Once every four years, they get a traffic report right.
Walt's pretty nice.
You know him, right?
Walt and traffic?
No, I don't.
Well, he's a guy who gives the updates
to it for being nice guys.
We call him and say, yeah, it's really here.
I don't have any idea who that is.
OK.
All right.
Well, if you have a good day.
And you too.
This is Phil, sipping around.
What's Panna now?
I'm boining beach.
OK.
And I have a good one.
See ya.
What is he talking about?
There must be one of the Palm Beach.
See, the people up there in Palm Beach
think that those of us in Dayton Broward, which
is really what this, you know, they
think that we kind of revolve around the Palm Beach traffic
people and about, you know, Lee Fowler and J&O
and all of those other little six-watt stations up there.
PBR.
His PBR is still on the air, by the way.
Here's a lady in Helen Dale.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
I'm a visitor from Philadelphia.
And I bumped into your show yesterday.
I think it's great.
Well, that's good.
I heard you mention Larry Klick.
Are you talking about Larry Klick from WBZ?
Of course.
I don't think there's any other Larry
Klick with lemonade stand.
How do you do him?
Larry Klick was on WHTH in Boston.
And in a year or two, he got a can.
And he's out on the beach.
And I can't believe it.
And unless somebody knows some more information,
I don't know what happened.
I always loved Larry Klick.
He was fun.
Which is Klick.
But Larry's thing was overnight.
See, they should have kept him on WBZ.
He would back in the days when Jerry Williams was doing
eight to midnight.
And Larry Klick was on overnight.
That was a great combination.
Because he's an overnight guy, right?
Well, the thing I couldn't figure out was,
Austin people are usually pretty intelligent.
Right.
All he was doing was little glit mix,
which I didn't think it bought them too well.
But it was overnight.
I mean, overnight people don't want to fight World War III.
They used to get that with Jerry Williams.
They want to have a little fun.
They want to smooth.
They want some characters.
He had like a whole litany of characters.
There was a fun show.
And he used to get calls from all over the country
because of that big signal.
And I don't know.
He just kind of faded into the world of work.
Maybe somebody will call in and we'll find out.
Also, report on Howard Stern.
Yes.
He is getting boring on radio on radio.
Really?
Well, he's maybe trying to spread his butt too thin.
You know, that TV show, I don't care what anybody says,
including Rick and Suds and Chuck Meyer,
anybody else, the TV show is terminal, OK?
I mean, you can only show breasts and organs
so many different times and so many different positions.
And that's basically it, OK?
TV show sucks.
You well, what are you saying, George?
You like the TV show?
I would never get tired of seeing breasts.
It's very soft and boring.
George says he could never see too many breasts
no matter how saggy they are.
It's very soft and boring.
Yeah.
If he has a guest on his radio show, it's good.
If not, all he does now is catch.
Yeah.
Constantly catch.
Well, he's got to get rid of that TV show
and get back to business.
And then when Robin gives a news, he gives his opinion.
It's very pontifical.
Oh, I would like to do that.
I'd like to interrupt our news and give my opinion
all the way through.
Yeah, but he's very pontifical.
He's not funny.
That's the sad thing.
OK.
If he has a visitor, he'll put himself out and be funny.
He doesn't make up any more bits anymore.
He just is coasting real.
Going through the motions.
Well, after you make the first 20 million,
I guess you just go through the motions.
Right.
But it's good here.
You just go to here some talk radio.
Well, have a great day.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
1135, WIOD.
And let's tell you about it.
I want you to know that on the day of my daughter's wedding,
I forego the delicious Taheshin crepe
that I was going to have from original pancake house
after my tirade yesterday.
I think Denimberg finally all the little crepes
before they had she finally got the message that I can't just
to sit here and keep eating and eating
from all our wonderful spots is forever.
Because let's face it, I've had that a few times
and it's great and it's always great.
All the stuff at original pancake houses fresh and delicious
and unique because it's just different.
All kinds of crepes like French crepes and continental
and cherry keyopha crepes and mandarin apple crepes
and shells served with lemon butter and powdered sugar.
Oh man, is that something good?
And all kinds of expecialties and omelets
and delicious goodies like beef stroganoff crepes
and spinach and chicken or seafood crepes.
And the fajita crepes sizzling beef or chicken
along with peppers onions and lots more wrapped
in a special crepe shell.
It's just going to knock the crepe out of you man.
It's just fantastic to get original pancake house.
All four locations open every night till 9 pm, 7 days a week
and there are now four of them.
In the town of Country Mall down in Kendall,
126 in Biscayne and North Miami.
Federal Highway just north of Sunrise in Fort Lauderdale.
And a brand new and you're celebrating the grand opening
right now on the corner of Hillsboro
and Federal Highway in Deerfield Beach.
And during the month of March, it's go for the gold month.
Come in and get a gold medal, good for a buck off
on any launcher dinner entree on your next visit
to the original pancake house.
You tell them that soon to be really skinny neal
sent you by to the original pancake house nearby you.
Pulse on the edge.
Where's my suit?
Well, it's here.
1140 at WIOD, the original ponytail guy.
The guy who doesn't leave us in the lurch, man,
Woody Graber who's not here plugging anything,
who's not here looking for freebies.
Plug maybe.
Yeah, plug this.
Thank you so much, Woody.
What a guy.
I probably got some free,
chow for yourself though over there, didn't you?
Yeah, how do you like that?
Some some guy for me too.
Oh, yeah, well, don't let the word out on that.
So thank you so much to Mr. and Mrs. Yutz.
What is that stuff?
Oh, this is just some customized for me.
Oh, man, look at that.
Whoo!
I gotta have that immediately.
Look at that.
A 66 vet with custom paint job with like pink and green
and like yellow.
And I mean, you have to really see this to believe it
with incredible lines and the stripes
and the partridge and a pair of tree.
Where's this from?
Car show somewhere?
It was done by Raleigh Fernandez.
God.
Where's the wheels?
From Bewerzen.
It's going to be at the convention center.
It's going to be at the convention center?
On the 13th, 14th and 15th.
God.
On the 13th, 14th and 15th.
And what he just happens to have a bunch of passes here.
Thank you so much.
Raleigh Fernandez, world of wheels at the Miami Beach
convention, oh, on the beach.
I don't think I can go over there.
March 13th, 14th and 15th.
The special parking place, too, please.
Undercover.
God, I can't get over these.
Look at these.
Here's an 86 vet with a custom paint job.
There we go.
He's a nice guy.
I just can't.
I think you got to say about Rich, though.
He's so full of energy.
Yeah.
Who you do?
Yeah, well, I'd say he can't get a, this tourley of the day
from the get up the energy to call the talk line.
He's got a call on the bat line.
It's one less digit.
I'm waiting for he jams my phone.
Dog started calling up here in Rippin' Poor Rich
Pactory's a good guy.
OK, we like him from a distance.
Then you any good tapes lately?
No, crap.
Anyway, you know, I was going to mention this a while back
when all the crap hit the fan about what, what,
what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what,
what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what,
I'd have headed for the back exit if I saw you.
Oh, cue call over there.
I'd get more excited about tempest storm than you guys.
So listen, my wife and I are an Eckerdrug's here.
We have an open line at day, at 7.51.
She picks up international mail.
Yeah.
And we're in the Orlando town.
Well, how come everybody else in town has got a copy of that?
And I'm sitting here holding my mic in my hand.
Well, she's gone crazy.
This guy, he always talks about.
That's him.
I'll tell you what, if I look past you,
I don't know what he looks like.
You know, you were doing too bad until that moment,
but I got news for you.
Okay, Orlando has more eroticism in his left finger
than you've ever seen in your life.
Okay, Orlando is God.
I'm right in the middle of the hair underneath his arm.
Yeah, right.
At least you don't have it on the back of his neck like you do.
Carried head.
Oh, well, I had to get that out.
Yeah, I bet you did.
Good day.
Good day.
What a sleaze bag.
1254 at W.I.D., he's another one got a pretty good-looking wife.
Very good.
I don't know what happened there.
In some of these women, man, there must be something that does meet the eye.
I know it looks aren't everything and all that crap, but you're full of garbage.
We have an open line in date, 751, and the out of town line,
which has been pretty damn eventful today.
I can't believe it.
1-800-944-WIOT.
Here's a lady in the gables.
Hi.
How are you playing?
I'm okay.
I'm very happy to listen to your show with the bosses of all out of the office today inside.
I've been sitting here listening to you all morning.
Great.
Yeah, it's been great.
Isn't that tremendous?
Tom, to keep making it happen.
I wish.
Anyways, I'm excited about tomorrow night.
Tomorrow night, not landing?
Yeah.
No, I'm excited about tomorrow morning at 7 when I get to see it ahead of everybody else on the satellite,
so I can come in tomorrow and ruin it for you.
All right, that's not fair.
Why not?
You get to see it ahead of time on the satellite?
Yeah, 7 o'clock every Thursday morning.
Oh.
I'm tired.
You don't know that?
No.
Oh, that's right.
You can't listen often enough.
Well, let's see that.
It's exactly the same.
So I came on last Thursday at 9.30 in the morning and told everybody that was Page of Cut shot and not the senator.
Oh, how could you do that to everybody?
Well, hey, listen.
They've got a good sense of humor.
Why not?
We don't want to have all that stress in their lives.
They can't wait till 10 o'clock at night to find her.
Oh, two.
And let me tell you, I was in tears for the entire hour.
Why?
I don't know if that showed you's ripped me to pieces.
Because I'm a real big not-slamming dude.
Well, I am too, but lately I've been in tears because it's so bad.
And an Alex man, he is really getting out of my nerves.
He's a CD little sleaze bag as all he is.
I need to creep, but let me tell you, Claudia's getting off on it.
Yeah.
She's having a good time with her.
Wait a minute.
Do you blame her?
Um, dad, he's so creepy.
I know it, but in her, but wait a minute.
Let's remember what we're talking about.
She's lucky that anything that's alive is anywhere in your heart.
Exactly.
Right.
That's true, but um, we think it's gonna happen to please.
Oh, listen, she'll be all right.
So we'll have several months of her rehab and then all of a sudden one day she'll walk up and start running sprints to the kitchen and you know, you know how that's.
So, it's a great house.
Right.
Yeah.
To make sure that mommy's not doing anything too bad.
Well, I guess that our money steps aside, isn't it?
Well, we'll find out.
She always kind of like steps aside and falls back down.
You know, one of those deals.
Well, listen, uh, call tomorrow.
You got to be listening tomorrow.
I'll give you a little preview.
I'll ruin it for you.
Have a great day.
Bye-bye.
1257 at WIOD.
We have an open line.
Look at a Jean-Claude, uh, Killy and Duskbag in there, the two French-Canadian interior decorators.
I thought they had like one cart rack they were doing.
And they look at that.
Look at the, they're like, got 80 million things that they're putting up in there in the control room.
And here we get crap.
We get nothing in here.
And there they have all this so hand carved wooden, uh, very expensive.
I'm sure because they got to get the bus back to a Montreal.
That's what we got in there.
But in here we get like, because we're only on the air in here.
This doesn't count.
Okay.
We got all the important commercials in there.
Here we just got these stupid bits.
We have an open line today.
Did I say that?
It's 751 WIOD and we got a lady in Miami waiting.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
I just heard you ask about that catalog.
Yeah.
You're swinging its way towards you even as well.
Well, thank you so much.
I mean, how can I guess everybody else had to get kind of a good-looking feel and grasp of it before they decide to let it go?
Well, I met you a champion, Marie, and you signed something from my homophobic son.
Oh, yeah.
And then when I got home.
Now what did he say when you gave it to him?
Oh, he screamed.
He cared out of here.
It was great.
Really?
Yeah, he wanted to rip it to shreds, but I won't let him.
Did he show it to his boyfriend?
No, he's keeping it a secret.
Yeah, I bet.
Probably keeps it under his pillow.
No, it's in my room.
I won't let him come near.
Oh, tell him to butcher up a cake.
I will, I will.
God, what a...what a...
What a...
Oh, it's great.
Great.
You won't make him crazy.
Good.
Anyway, plain brown envelope I mailed it yesterday and I called up your death.
But I know how sometimes things disappear.
Yeah.
I wanted to be sure you got it.
Okay.
It's a version so to speak copy.
Great.
I mean, I enjoyed it, but I didn't mess it up.
I'll keep my flat, my IPO for it all day.
Okay.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Look at that.
I am...oh, man, it wasn't enough with the salespeople.
I am so porked off now, man.
I could just spit blood.
In fact, I think I'm going to.
And I know who I'm going to spit it on any second.
They have got the most incredible array of cart...of wooden cart racks that they're putting
in a control room now.
Not one of them, not two of them, but I guess there's another one that goes in the upper corner.
They've got a four of them.
How do you like that?
The whole wall and there is being covered with great cart racks with all the nice slots.
I mean, polished and painted and shined and...god.
And what do we got in here?
We just keep begging.
We got all these big empty walls.
We got spaces we could have 5,000 cart racks in it.
We could have organized and have it in order and do it.
In other words, like...
Though I was on the year really counted, which of course we know doesn't count, it's only the commercials that are in a control room account.
What's in here that makes the show and that the people listen for, that doesn't count.
So screw that and let them play with all their stupid silly old racks and all of that.
Right? Right.
Parley Bougat lost you guys. You make me sick.
This is a...
It's a new knock rate for free and free and...
W.I.O.A.V. presents the O Rogers Show.
Thanks, please.
To get in touch and talk with Neil Dyle's 751 W.I.O.D.
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
He was scented by...
It's a phenomenon.
Look at the specs sitting on my nose
I'm getting rid of all those neon clothes
You've earned top and all my panties, hoes
I finally got hair maybe wearing shoes
Those days are over when I used to swell
A jacked agile then my locks are still
I'm selling coke diet and some chub rails
I got my weave and I'm just too chill
I don't wanna go on where it's stupid ass
I'm sick and tired of being short and fat
Fuck you, I don't wanna do it, I'm fed off fat
I don't wanna go on where it's stupid ass
I don't wanna go on where it's stupid ass
I'm sick and tired of being short and fat
My people out there, my feet are flat
I don't wanna go on where it's stupid ass
We're working on the car we got Claude and Leroux in there
They're really doing it in the control room
Flash and flash
Here's a candle, hello
I'm doing great, so about elready
It's 107 and the birds are doing it on my car, it's great
Big report. Yeah, did you see the news yesterday about about the officer that shot the dog?
No, he knows to do but shot the dog he killed the dog he shot a dog yeah, German ship
He was just in the news and then they came they got the dog they took it off to a remote place and they buried it in the
hotel. What do you do that for?
I don't know the target practice. I don't know but he says that the dog was trying to bite him. Yeah, and he shot the dog
Pretty smart dog I would say. Yeah, I wish the dog would tour his head off. There you go. Hey, do you ever have to know what happened to
Bill you with? He's still alive. For real? Yeah, all right. We're a search inform me still live
Where the hell did the guy say someplace in Ontario? He's like hiding now. Yeah, where where are you remote gonna be at?
Don't have any remotes
How about how come you didn't how did you come you didn't come by champion on Saturday? How do you know?
How do I know what?
I'm the one that didn't come to champion because you wouldn't be asking where the remotes if you would have been there on Saturday. Who is this?
The guy from home said yeah, you did not come by. Yeah, I couldn't. I don't have a car. Oh,
She's got way back to that again. How about a bus? How about a cab? I try to take a bus. Don't you know anybody? Don't you know somebody?
Danny D in the house and full effect that told you. Well, so what does that mean? That means he couldn't pick me up
He's busy man. He's busy busy doing toadstools or something. Okay. Um, I will do a remote down next door to your house one of these days
Then you won't have to go far come to cut the ridge. Okay
109 at W. I. O. D. We have an open line in date every day this guy's like out a new story
751 W. I. O. D. Let's go to
Coconut Creek. Hello. Hi, Neil. That's why we're not coming down by you sir. We're not coming down a homestead
Neil hold this. Yes. I'm in a process of moving. I'm going on my door right now. Could you put me out?
Hold for about a minute. Sure. No problem. Uh, Miramar. Hello
Bro. Yeah. How you doing, Neil? Okay. Uh, I was just wondering why in God's name did you hire two French Canadians? Do you
No way. What do you mean why did I hire? What are you talking to me about? Like I got something to do with this?
Uh, you had no say in it? No, I have no say in anything. Wow. No say Jose.
What would always come up when they go on the work, pal? He's that putting on a floor show in there. Just screw off
the thing on a wall. Just screw off period. This guy, man, I'm telling you with the white here, he looks like
Sonny's illegitimate grandfather in here from the market. He said he is. I believe it. How's his
public? Unbelievable. Now these guys aren't French. They're in postures. They have no puppet at all. Uh,
skinny is a rail. So how about there's a car? Probably on work release from Montreal, uh, federal prison.
How about what? Car salesmen. What about them? They're the worst in the world. No, sir. Not even in the same
league. You're dreaming. It's terrible. Trust me. I know you had to deal with them. You got too beautiful
new cars. I don't have any problem with car salesmen. I go in there. I mean, I already know what I
want. There's no deal, no mess, no fuss. I go inside on the dotted line. You got a lot of money
right out of check and the goodbye. Good luck. And that's it. And that's the end. See, they're real
intimidating. Well, I mean, not to me, but to like if a girl goes in there, yeah, don't hound her
to death and for the car too. Yeah. A girl can't go in there and negotiate at the old. How do you
know that? Why do you make these glittering generalities? I bet we got women in the audience right
now, gone in and probably did a much better job of negotiating than their wimpy boyfriends or
husbands to go in there and just do whatever you say. Because the guys are the ones that have the
hots for the cars. The woman is just looking for transportation. So she's not going to get
all goosey and emotional about a damn car like most guys do. That is true. Not all women are like that.
Right. I know you. Yeah. I bet. I know you. Well, I'm good luck to you. Okay, Neil.
I'll talk to you later. 11 after 1 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward. 524. Here's coconut
creek. Here's coconut creek. One more time. Here's coconut creek. Rhymes with geek. Okay, you lose.
There was somebody on their hold. That two open lines are both in Broward. 524. 946. 3 524.
WIOD. If you're about ready to flip your wig like we are here, why not check out the Charles
Alfie Erie hair system. It's perfectly blended to match the hair color and texture or whatever
here you got left on your head. And please don't go for those stupid wigs man or silly ass things
that make you look like a howdy duty and drag on a bad day or governor Bob. Take your pick.
Each one of these deals is like I said blended to match your own hair and it gives you the freedom
to take part in any of all activities like swimming in my pool skydiving and showering with the boys.
Hair for the 90s is fully guaranteed only Charles Alfie Erie gives you that unique unconditional
no risk guarantee. Here's how it works. You wear the system for 30 days. If you don't feel it
look better, if you're not completely satisfied, return it for a full refund. The people with the big
box, the movie stars, the folks who really look good, they wear the Charles Alfie Erie system.
And you can afford it to it because it's priced at just 600 bucks. The reason they do it is
because no matter what the cost, it looks and feels better than all the other systems available to you.
So check it out for a free consultation with no obligation call today and check out hair for the 90s.
Indeed 375 0808 375 0808 and out of town 1 800 321 2413 1 800 321 2413
Hi, this is more of an arricot suds thing. Johnny darks an asshole. I want this you right now. Okay. I want it right away.
So you got to try some young guy. I just got for some young guy. I want my shoes right now. Okay. I want to ride away.
So you got the kids suit you. Somebody bring me.
So you got to feel so well. I want my shoes right now. Okay. I want to ride away.
I want my shoes right now. Okay. I want my shoes right now. Okay. I want my shoes right now. Okay.
So don't bring in some don't bring one time. I want to ride away. And as I look around.
So I guess starting tomorrow we got to go through that.
So I guess we got to get that career service. They probably will do it. Don't you think she said they would do it any time we wanted it.
Instead like begging all these more on some station. And not even going to go through it again. It's not worth it.
After all the food that we fed these people and we can't even get somebody to like walk or drive across the street.
Oh, you got the number good. Let's say tomorrow morning we'll call them and we can order it. Whatever you want.
And then they'll pick it up for us. And if they want, you know, we'll pay like 50 cents a piece.
Here's a mobile in the keys. How you doing? Okay. I'd like to buy a round lot every day and listen to you.
I'd say, well, what we do out here without you. That's for sure. That's what Linda Thornton said.
She said, boy, that's all Neil all day. That's what she said. She's sucking around for something.
You know, I've never really noticed so much lately, but goodness gracious.
On the Palmetto and the Don Chua Park Parkway, whatever it's called. Yeah, there's more cops than ever.
Uh-huh.
You used to it. Get used to it, sir. It's a police state. Good Lord.
And I'll tell you one thing. If you can, it gets too many more votes in the upcoming primaries.
They're not going to be any more primaries. Well, I don't think you have to worry about that.
We're just going to call off the election, sir. And we're going to have like,
El Presidente is going to be the king. And then we're going to have like a pig on every street corner
making sure that you never can leave the house without a pass.
They had what they called the Wolfpack with the 13 M on motorcycles and the airplane, the whole bit.
Porkers on bikes, porkers in the air, porkers under your ass, porkers behind palm trees,
porkers under the bush, they're everywhere, sir. It's just unbelievable.
Let me ask you, will you play request?
In fact, you know, it's amazing. We don't think even each have a personal escort to escort us home from work now.
There's so many of them out there.
Well, it's not a fact there's one right over there.
There you go.
Rest in with your player request.
I doubt it. What is it?
The convenience store language tape.
Oh, geez. You're a real pain. Okay. Okay.
Have a great day.
Store your shop.
See ya.
Yeah. Yeah.
118 at WIOD. Now I've got to go through all these damn things and find out which one that's on.
Or I've got to look it up in the book. I'm an old man.
I just don't have the energy and the strength I used to when I was young about a week ago.
Oh, God.
How about another?
We got like,
J-ins of things on here. Although most of them are
Interactives that require like messing around with.
But there are like hundreds and hundreds of things on the ACN CDs
that have never been delayed by human hands.
I'll get it for you.
119. Look at that board, man. This is one o'clock RC.
We used to do fine into one to two hour.
We never had any problem until like crappy 930 to 10 bogus garbage.
Okay.
Now trying to keep the phones lit to two o'clock impossible.
Absolutely impossible.
Because they're burned out.
You're screwing my show guys.
You're screwing my show with this 930 to 10 crap.
Okay.
Four hours is perfect.
Nobody does four and a half hours of this kind of a show.
I mean sitting in the morning,
giving three words in between the birthdays.
That's a different story.
Okay.
In between like 20 minutes of news and the sports and the traffic.
That anybody can do that for like 10 hours.
But this is a pressure packed emotional drain your vein.
Kind of a program, man.
And they're killing us.
I'm why I sit here.
I made in the last break.
I made one move.
I put a car away back in Iraq.
I came back three lines and dropped off just during the first spot.
It had just started.
Because these people now are like
diverted from their appointed grounds.
Man, they got other crap they're going to take care of now.
Enough is enough.
No matter what Linda Thornton says.
We have an open line in the star line star IOD
and the out of town line for Palm Beach and environs 1-800-944-W-I-O-D.
In our last weekend, Toyota of Hollywood broke all sales records
by issuing a Toyota saving certificate
worth thousands of dollars up the price of a new Toyota.
Buyers came from every place, man, from Kendall, from OGIS, from Del Rey,
from Plantation Acres, even from all the way down to the Dan Keys.
How do you like that?
Nobody had ever seen such savings before.
So this is your last weekend to take advantage of the Toyota saving certificate.
Check it out in the Saturday's Miami Herald.
Redeem it only at Toyota of Hollywood for huge savings on the new 1992 camera LA.
The new 92 Tercelle, a flashy 92 Celica,
whichever Toyota turns your thing.
The Toyota saving certificate is also good for savings on parts and accessories
and take a thousand dollars off on any pre-owned car or truck
listed in the savings certificate ad.
It's waiting for you along with the best and customer service only one place
Toyota of Hollywood.
Peno, Oval, Ecuador, Amir, Relo.
Whatever you say, 124, I had to wrong cart nothing there at WIOD.
We have an open line out of town.
West Palm, those places, Martin County, Stewart.
How come we don't get a lot of calls for a Stewart,
man, we're making sales calls up there.
1-800-944-Yahoo, coconut creek.
Good afternoon, New York.
Yes, sir.
Thanks for holding.
I'm in the process of moving.
A couple of questions.
You're in the process of moving?
Yes, sir.
I'll get to that to the latter part of my call.
Call the witness.
He's running again on Friday.
I missed him a couple weeks ago.
What did he run again Friday?
He didn't run again on Friday.
What's he running?
What?
Call the witness.
When does he run again?
Friday night.
Okay, Friday night.
A couple weeks ago when he ran, I was in Vegas,
so I missed his run.
Yeah.
So did he finish first?
Yes.
What was his pay off?
Four bucks, something 14.
Six to five, I think he was.
Okay, question I have.
What would be the best way to bet him is Friday,
across the border or how?
Across the board.
Yes.
Merge it to well.
Well, I mean, how much are you going to bet?
Probably like a hundred bucks or so.
You're going to bet a hundred bucks?
Sure.
See, you're going to knock our price down.
Don't bet.
What should I bet?
20 or so?
Yeah, bet 20 bucks to win.
That's good.
Okay.
Pretend to win and tend to place.
Okay.
Bet 20 to show.
Okay.
Better trifecta.
Okay.
Better quinella.
So, they were.
Paul, here, and ask me what's that mean?
You have a mind of your own?
Right, okay.
He looks great on Friday.
He'll be just outstanding.
Dave Ingraham is driving him again.
He's had a week off.
He'll be right there.
Okay, great.
Uh, my last part of my call,
I want to thank you very much for the entertainment.
You've given me for the past.
Well, are you leaving us?
Eight years.
Yes, sir.
I'm moving to Vegas.
You're moving to Vegas?
No, no.
You stay here and I'll move to Vegas.
Well, why don't we both.
You stay here and do the show and send me my check.
And I'll stay in Vegas.
And have a good time with it.
I would like for you and Rick and Suss both all three of you.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
We'd be there in a heartbeat if we had the money.
Yeah, I know.
Anyway, I want to thank you for the past eight years.
I'm a great job.
You've done Camilla and also I want to thank Rick and Suss for the past.
You're going to have two years of entertainment.
Well, when you're leaving?
About 30 days.
Oh, well, you got a lot of time.
Too much, really.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
But thank you very much.
And I certainly enjoyed you for the past.
Thanks for calling and I'll see you Friday night.
OK, hope things work out well for you.
Thanks.
Have a good life.
Bye-bye.
Boy, have a good life.
He's going off to Vegas and we're stuck here in his rat hole.
In this rat trap or even the armadillos holder
knows up in here when he crossed the street.
And they're so disgusted knowing they're here.
Probably they smell the French Canadians.
We have an open line in Broward 524WIOD and one in the out of town again.
1-800-you know what it is.
Hi, Alia.
Hi, Alia.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I finally got 30 of you.
Yeah.
And I, well, I'm a real good colleague.
You do have a life.
And they can't be on a hold for like a half hour.
Yes, they can.
Yes, they can.
We got two open lines right now.
They look, this is just Linda Thornton can talk.
All she wants.
The people in this community are just, they're impossible, man.
They go through these different phases where they just, nothing phases them.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I know what you're saying.
I work with the public while I'm here.
You can bust a gut in this place and they just,
ah, you know, they take you for granted.
That's the problem here.
They take it for granted, right?
I know the feeling.
You bet.
Well, Neil, we're hearing highly.
We're anticipating our president to the rival.
Oh, great.
We're just giving him a message for me.
Would you?
All right, sure.
That's the message.
Neil, I saw you on TV the other night.
Right.
And, ah, I was curious, one of those days you said you had the cameras in your face.
And, ah, I was wondering, all those cards that are around you,
how do you get those in there that quick?
How do we get it?
Like a personal question, but.
How do we slip it in there that quick?
Yeah, come on over here.
We'll give you a demonstration.
Now, it's just, you just have to know where they, it's, it's a horrible.
I mean, there really is no system.
You just have to try to keep track in which, which one is in which track and which are the newest ones.
And the old ones are where the jingles are and the, ah,
it's, it's a nightmare.
You know, boy, Gary was just in here telling me that it's our psychotic chief engineer,
Mitch Ween, that prevents us from having the racks on the walls.
Like the beautiful wooden racks that the French Canadians are installing in a control room right now.
So we could have it organized and we could know what we were doing and, ah, you know,
have this like a real, they don't care.
All the engineer cares about is how the studio looks.
He doesn't care about how it sounds on the year.
He doesn't care about whether it's functional, whether it works.
All he cares about is it's like some kind of a show place.
And nobody ever sees it, you know, like once every two years,
somebody gets busted here like me or somebody and it gets on a TV for like three seconds.
Oh, there it is.
There's the IOD banner and there's the, who cares, you know,
this is supposed to be a functional studio and they don't give a crap.
I'm serious.
You think it's a joke.
I'm not joking, man.
This is a really exciting studio.
It's like a monument like the, like the Valley Shrine or something.
Need one of those motorized chairs to take you on all the different carts.
Does that be back to here?
Yeah, I wish I had a motorized one.
I'll tell you that.
And a chair too.
Neil, one last thing before I go.
Yes, I wish the police would maybe go into the other movie theaters and set up some of these people
are trying to talk over our movies.
Yeah.
I mean, do something worthless.
I mean, when time Byron starts to scream and we're allowed,
I want to hear what he's screaming about.
Have a great day.
All right, thanks.
See you.
It's usually Peter North muscle the amount of the way.
Oh, we have an open line at day 751 out of town.
1-800-944.
You know the rest.
Get with it.
Jump on the program.
Jump on this.
Jump on Z as they say in the Quebec, eh?
There is some clown out front dressed as a pig that wants you to see.
I don't want to see him.
Okay.
We have had more interruptions.
This radio station I'm telling you right now is on the verge of being or maybe it's past the
verge.
Totally out of control.
I have never in my life.
I'm going to I say it every day and it doesn't do a damn bit of good.
I have never worked in a radio station where any jack ball from off the street,
we have more people in the control room in the studio up and down the halls who don't
even belong in the building.
People are just wander in.
I have never worked in such a slip shot outfit where they just allow miscreants from all over
the even Canadians to walk all around the building and they don't even know who knows what they're doing here.
Just hey, coming off the straight chair, have a sandwich, go check out the place.
What kind of crazy crap is that, man?
I go outside to my car.
There's like three people trying to pedal me stuff for my pool.
We got 65 salesmen out there.
What is this?
What kind of security is this, man?
This is hell.
Here's a mobile and four-letter.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
This is Roberto.
Roberto?
Yes, we had a broken briefleap in the past but I have a little tidbit of
Roberto.
What how do you spell your name?
R-R-R-E-R-T-O?
Exactly.
Okay.
Rick Sanchez and I played little league baseball together.
You played together as children?
Yes, we did.
Let me tell you something.
Is there anything that's ever been
and pompous as he is today?
Worse as a child.
He was back then when we were 11 or 12 years old.
I believe it.
And I'll tell you what.
He was quite a character back then.
He thought his doodoo didn't poop with you know?
Yeah.
But you know what he said this morning on the year?
What?
I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil
so I might as well have one with you too.
Yeah, that's what he said.
Well, give him my number.
And you know who he was talking to?
No.
Jim Berry.
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
But I just want to talk to him.
Jim Berry rhymes with...
He was on the best team of course.
Of course.
Of course.
But...
What was he like on the Olympic drinking team or something?
He's a hell of a guy.
Yeah, great guy.
He used to be with Alvin and the chipmunks.
I know.
Did you see his cheeks?
Yeah, that was it.
He just used to be the cheek.
Yeah, that was it.
He's a...
Sally said she checked out his cheeks man
and she almost passed out.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
When he was dropping that gas over Iraq.
Yes sir.
Teddy didn't call if you're out there.
You're a big douchebag.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Teddy what?
Teddy, D-N-Cola.
How come everything you say you put that Spanish thing to it?
You made that...
D-N-Cola sounds pretty Italian,
but you made it sound Hispanic.
Did I really?
Yeah.
Like...
Like, a Rorrento.
Nice job.
Have a good one.
Out of yours.
Bye bye.
Wow.
132 and you get your tongue like all wrapped up in itself man.
You can have like some bad accidents.
Open line and brown.
524 roll this.
And out of town is sitting there man.
Real quiet.
No calls from Stewart today or Fort Pierce.
You know Harry Smith must be a real geek.
CBS sends him all over the world.
And this morning they had marked me queue
in the bald weather a guy.
He was in Virgo doing the Dodgers thing
with a stupid silly uniform on
and schmoozing around with LaSorta.
And LaSorta was doing shameless plugs
for ultra slim fast.
And guess what spot came on
about three minutes later on the show?
I'll give you like 85 guesses
in the first 84 don't count.
But anyway Harry is asking him
about Virgo be says is that
on the east coast of the west coast of Florida?
I mean Harry and then Mark is talking
about how he came he flew into Orlando
and it took him two and a half hours
to drive to Virgo Beach.
How can it take you two and a half
a you can drive from Orlando
to Fort Lauderdale in two and a half hours
and Virgo Beach is like a hundred miles north
or at least 80 north of four.
What kind of driving were you doing?
Mark.
God what a maniac.
Speaking of that here's a mobile
and e-ha junction.
Hey Neil how you doing today?
Okay.
Hey y'all.
How are the y'all who's in e-ha?
Speaking of the y'all who's a
president they just landed he's on the tube now.
Hey I see him out here full of these cows.
Yeah.
Hey y'all.
Did you hear about that?
I thought it was Barbara.
There you go.
Did you hear about those new
that new stalking law that child's
going to put into effect?
The stalking law?
Stalking.
Where have they stalk you if you
see someone in your
if you're watching them too much or
following too close so they can get you
for stalking.
Well stalking stalking.
Yeah we'll be careful down there.
They're going to get you for stalking.
Right.
They don't like those corn stalkers.
No not those either.
Or wholers either.
Are we living in a police state or
what are we doing here?
What?
Is this a police state or what?
Saying again.
Is this a police state or what?
See.
Your mama.
Okay.
I love you.
134 at WIOD we have an
open line on the day line 7519463.
You leave my mama out of this.
Tonight it's the driver showdown.
Third chapter we had Kevin Wallace beat the
crap out of a Keith Wapel.
Kevin Wapel.
Ron Wapel.
Oh I'm losing now.
Kevin Wallace beat Ronnie Wapel's two
weeks ago in the first one.
Kelly Shepherd edged out Dave Ingram
by carrying him wide in the final race
of their contest and carried livious
almost into the outer fence
and edged him out in a very mediocre
rivalry.
But tonight it ought to be a really good one.
Don Harmon of Michigan John Hogan of New England
and the third, fifth, seventh, eighth,
tenth and eleventh races.
Racing against the field and against each other
picking their own horses of course.
So we'll see who's the best driver
and who's the best tanny capper.
And the harness that driver showed on
his regular Wednesday night feature.
Every Wednesday night right through the championship final
on April number 29.
Friday night.
Bring the whole family out.
Because call the witness.
Our people's haus will be in the ninth race driven
by Dave Ingram.
And the driver Ham who's four for four with him.
And there also be a big baseball card show
at the track beginning at 6 p.m.
featuring former giant rookie of the year
and Yankee pitching star John
to come out of Fusco who I met Monday night is a great guy.
I'm the daughter of the six.
And come to fire your feet.
Banguich tape number six.
The convenience store.
Follow along and repeat.
Convenience store manager.
Hello.
May I be to help you please?
Repeat.
Hello.
May I be to help you please?
Customer.
Yes.
I would like a pack of Parliament lights.
Convenience store manager.
You want a Parliament light?
Repeat.
You want a Parliament light?
Customer.
Yes.
I would like a pack of Parliament lights.
Convenience store manager.
These are Parliament lights.
Repeat.
Is these a Parliament light?
Uh, this one.
Parliament.
Customer.
No.
Neither one of those is the Parliament light.
Wait.
No.
Is it this one?
No.
No, it's not that one.
You want a Parliament light?
Yes.
I want the Parliament lights please.
Is it better to eat it?
No.
The Parliament light.
Do you want to eat it?
No.
No.
Can't you see it's a...
This one's probably not...
No, no, no.
The over there by the dirty magazine.
But can't you see it?
Listen, laundry hand.
It's a Parliament light now.
Do you see it's right over here?
Turn this tape over.
For language tape number seven.
Ordering Chinese food over the phone.
Hi, this is Dan Stewart.
About the only thing Jerry Williams and I do agree on
is Johnny Dark is an asshole.
140, 20-till-2 at WIOD.
Here's the Wilton manners.
Hello.
Hi, I'm already out of material.
Now you're a stinky,
pink-o-glue-snipping bedwitter in a pan-zine.
To play that cart.
And come back and hold.
What cart?
Yeah, I'm going to play you.
I'm going to play you.
You're going to get out of here.
I put you back on hold.
Hold this.
You idiot.
I'm going to play you.
You moron.
You'll miss Crete.
You'll slime ball.
Have a nice day.
And a guy on four.
You're only listening to, right?
Hello.
Is this the guy who was like out of the office or something?
There's nobody on there.
So like we're down to three calls now.
Okay, if that takes care of it.
I told you that 930-10 is killing our one and two.
And I don't even get like any credit for 930-10.
That's part of like morning drive.
So welcome to the Mike Garrenieri rehab guy on a radio.
I can't get over it.
I was riding on a train
to Austin, Texas.
I broke my bonus and scrubbed my whole life now.
Oh, and the very love that laid us head next to mine.
How long I do a little nighttime show, too?
When she got a pretty
and Linda Thornton's program in the whole thing.
Would hold her sight.
I was more than happy to
to melt as more I'd like to do.
I want to kiss her, but
she won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet enough things in her rear.
I want to hold her behind.
Close doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but
she won't let me.
When she returned, she said she was an actress.
She showed me an album of pictures of her opening.
When she'd been sitting on.
She seemed as sweet as she could be.
But I was clear listening.
She was the kind of girl
who stole men's hearts.
She spent the rest of dawn.
I want to kiss her, but
she won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet enough things in her rear.
I want to hold her behind.
Close doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but
she won't let me.
Rackham, hell, wisdom, you're killed.
Forget the train ride down to Austin.
We're saying her to sweet, and we shared our tales.
But as my heart flies to leave her behind.
Regrets are all I find
because I hate that you're dead girl.
In the end.
I want to kiss her, but
she won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet enough things in her rear.
I want to hold her behind.
Close doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but
I want to kiss her, but
I want to kiss her, but
she won't let me.
What's bleeding now I've been picking it so much during that thing.
144 at WIOD.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
Pompano always picking it in the French Canadians.
Hey, get a life, will you asshole.
Mike Lyons, hello.
Hey.
What do you want more free publicity?
Congratulations.
Crapie carts you brought over here by the way, Mike.
Well, those were yours.
Yeah, like I said.
Well, at least you got one out of them now.
One on one.
Yeah, that's true.
But I just wanted to say congratulations on the deal with Miami Beach.
Yeah, that's excellent.
Was not a deal with Miami Beach.
It was a deal with the state of turnies off.
Is not with Miami Beach.
Make that perfectly clear.
Okay.
Okay.
That's excellent.
I'm glad it worked out for you.
But what do you mean it's excellent?
Why is it excellent?
It's not excellent at all.
That anybody should have to be dragged through a pile of crap
and then get on their hands and knees and suck around.
It's like, oh yeah, sure.
I'll do like a, why is that excellent?
Yeah, you're right.
Why don't you try it next time?
Okay, we'll see how excellent it is for you, Mike.
Get you guys some publicity.
You'll came sure Mike, for a pack and love that.
Mike.
Uh-huh.
How come you're so speechless all of a sudden, Mike?
You probably been hanging around with that poll
cast and over that fat slob, huh?
Who sends over a bunch of stuff the yesterday
which is seeing in the back of Norm Kenskar.
Maybe they'll play it on the light bulb.
That would be an appropriate place for it.
Wow.
With an autograph picture of himself.
How do you like that for a fat puffed up,
egotistical ass?
How do you like that?
Sends me over his own picture with an autograph.
Try to suck around because we find out what a real idiot he is.
Paul did that?
Yeah, Paul did that.
Your buddy Paul, you know, Mr. Shee in the morning
that dropped like a rock in the last trend
that are like dropping like flies.
Yeah, that's a guy.
So how's things?
Things are going all right.
Yeah.
Yeah, the action's going to be taken over in about a month.
Yeah, oh great, man.
That's great.
And the AM will go all into the Thornton
and sell plastic shopping on the FM.
Linda Thornton and Joe Johnson, 24 hours today
and the classic shopping network bogus stuff.
I've also got something that you might like.
It's a drop from Bob.
How about some of those pubics or conios
that he's been holding back?
Uh-huh.
Old Paxon.
Is he related to Tom Paxon?
Mike Roberts?
He was a folk singer from Wayback.
Yeah, I believe he is.
He's from Newark, New York, and he's a slime bag.
He is.
Old buddy Bud.
Yeah, I've got something from you up for you
at Martin Short Drop.
I don't like Martin Short.
I wouldn't put him on a ear, Mike.
Really?
No, I hate Martin Short.
He makes me sick.
Makes me nauseous.
Makes me want to gag.
Oh, man, what a forgotten thing.
He'd rather see Tom Dennenberg.
No, that's gotten underdo with it.
He's just a creep.
I'd rather see Tom Dennenberg than Martin Short.
And quite frankly, I'd rather be dead
than see Tom Dennenberg again.
So does that give you an idea?
Ha-ha-ha!
Help me!
Well, that's fine.
I just want to say something.
How's Pete Bould you doing?
Come on, we want to hear some real stuff.
Boy, Gary's in the other room.
He wants to hear the real story.
What's going on over there?
Pete's doing fine.
Any format changes on the FM?
No, nothing.
Any more format on the AM?
We're going to have all news all day
on the Chief Ronda Clock Florida Network
with all those 85 light bulb stations.
As far as I know, everything is status quo.
Everything status quo.
That means you all better go down to the unemployment line, man.
As soon as they tell you, no changes.
Everything status quo.
Trust me.
Don't drop the soap.
Believe me.
That's right.
I got to have more.
Buy that big giant economy-sized
gyro-vaciline Mike and handle it with Gary.
You know what I'm saying?
Trust me.
What can you do?
I know.
Give a big kiss to all my buddies over here.
That won't take long.
Bye-bye.
Have a great day, Mike.
Mike Paxton, Mike Lyons, whatever's name is from Isaiah,
looking sucking around for some free publicity.
Like they all do.
Like Linda Thornton said, man,
this is the center of the universe.
And they're all like a bunch of little tiny planets
like Mercury and Uranus,
just all circling, hovering around desperate to suck up something.
The two of W.A.D.C.
John Clark Carpentier and there is already
negotiating to rebuild a car racks.
And we need it desperately, sir.
Okay?
Make sure the money we pay them
has got pictures of the queen on it.
And I'm not talking about me.
Palm City.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm going to check out how your memory is.
Palm City. Where the hell is that?
Yeah, I'll just where you've been right
and just rest in storage.
Where's the store?
Well, I'll be dang, man.
I don't live here.
I drive it.
Well, thank God for you.
Hey, last week I called you and told you
that I racked my brain for weeks
and I was going to support you.
And the next time I did myself
was going to be one for me.
Oh, yeah.
I can't lay off of that already.
Will you, sir?
It's kind of a Yahoo.
It's not even, you know, it's...
No, I was just worried if you're fine.
Yeah, right.
Let's go to a Bay Harbor's Gone Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
I mean, I know you don't have much to do up there in Palm.
Maybe that's why they call it Palm City.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Uh, I got a Frenchie store to tell you.
A Frenchie store?
Yep.
We, we.
But first of all, I'd like to call somebody a douchebag.
No, do that later.
All right.
Why am I going to hang up on you in the middle of the story?
No.
Well, why would you do that?
Just to roll up a jar, isn't it?
Huh?
That last guy, man, he just...
These Yahoo's who think they got a sense of humor out there.
God, give me a break already, will you?
Yeah, they think this stuff pretty much.
God, just so it's so tiresome, it just wears you out.
You know what I'm saying?
When in doubt, wear it out.
Exactly.
So here's the story.
Yeah.
I'm sitting at McDonald's on Hollywood.
Yeah.
Right next to this Frenchie couple.
And I go to get some ketchup.
We?
And uh, I see them digging on my fries.
They're what?
They're digging on my fries.
What do you mean they're digging on your fries?
They're digging my fries away.
For what?
I don't know.
I just went to get some ketchup and the guy's taking my fries.
Well, he's frifty, man.
So I go there?
Probably a Scottish French kid and he's frifty.
Well, I go there and I tell him,
Hey, man, you're taking my fries.
Yeah.
And he goes, no, is your name McDonald's?
With that thru spec accent thing?
Oh, no.
Yeah.
What a jackass, man.
What a geek.
So I go back to the manager and I tell him the story.
And he goes, don't worry, man.
It's just a couple of fries.
There's hell but they're doing it to me.
Not to you, right?
So then they leave and they leave a bag there.
So I take the bag.
They leave a bag of what?
They leave a bag there and they come back for the bag.
And they start talking to me with that thru spec accent again.
Yeah.
So they tell me, give me my bag.
Give me my bag.
And I tell them, hey, man, is your name JC Penny?
Not bad.
Not bad.
So, um, outstanding.
He's calling the manager and I open the bag.
Maybe it was what?
Maybe it was John Claude Penny.
I don't know.
But I opened the bag and guess who was in the bag?
Uh, Toe Jam.
Nope.
All the crap that I'm feeding you.
Oh.
How long to take you?
How long to take you to work?
Now I know why you wanted to wait till the end of the call.
Now you want to do it earlier.
But it's a cool joke, though.
Yeah, I was all right.
So what do you want to call a douche bag?
My friend Rick.
Isn't that amazing that you're still on the air?
Yeah.
Okay.
My friend Rick,
there's a clumsy and drug addict I know.
Okay.
Stop dropping the pipe.
You asshole douchebag.
Okay.
Thank you, Daniel.
See ya.
Bye.
Boys at level low, man.
Poor Rick.
Do you see his friends?
155.
