Who's Doc Radio?
610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To get in touch and talk with Neil Dyle, 751 WIOD from day.
Inbrow, it's 524 WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code, toll free, 1-800-944 WIOD.
And Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest's hosts or callers are not necessarily those of this station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on News Doc Radio.
610 WIOD.
Even the competition agrees the Neil Rogers Show on WZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in the Palm Beach is the best morning show in South Florida.
I don't think it's just a nice year on an AM station as a hero in my book.
You're like eight times as a quietty. You got no problem with me.
Even the other morning shows listen to the Neil Rogers Show on Zeta 4.
I hope you beat me in the ring. You better than I am.
Well, what can we say about that? I am that hemorrhoid.
1206 at WIOD.
And you remember the time I saw Joey in Windixie that night and I came on the year.
That's like a couple of months ago and I mentioned it and I'm sure it was him.
I'm positive.
And we got all these different wildly conflicting stories about Joey.
Does anybody care?
A sunrise.
Well now that I guess Paulie's gone and well George is out of his mind.
I guess I guess Bill Clinton is the only one with a little foreskin.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
I'm out here in beautiful sunrise today.
Who the hell is this? Who is this?
This is Mr. and Officer.
Oh, well, isn't that wonderful?
I'm an officer just like you Neil.
Well, that's great. What station do you work at, Exxon?
No, I don't work at any station.
I'm self-employed and I just said that little half is living.
I'm like, that's all day.
Well, I mean, you're like out of work on the beach.
Good. Join the club.
Let me tell you something.
Go ahead.
I am a virgin. I mean a virgin caller with your fabulous show.
And I would just like to tell you about this.
Remind us.
I mean, absolutely.
Can you believe I talk like this?
Yes.
Absolutely ridiculous.
I was just pork meeting that I saw today as I was driving off the Seahorse Expressway.
I'm talking about the sawgrass of course, Neil.
Don't I really sound official?
Anyway, I was putting off the sawgrass Expressway.
I know the minute, Neil.
Hold your foot, boss.
What is this?
Is this Bush Bing Bang in drag or what?
Well, I'm something.
God.
Anyway, I'm coming off the Seahorse Expressway at sunrise.
You're coming off as something, alright?
I think it's a three-day drunk.
Well, no, I'm I'm I'm I haven't had a drink in years.
Right.
Anyway, I'm coming off the Seahorse Expressway looking off to my left.
And what do I see?
But there must have been more pigs than in a pig pen.
Neil, I didn't have to drive through here.
I had to walk through there.
And guess what, Neil?
I heard the reason that they're pulling people over is to see if they have like
cigarette lighters that are hot enough to give you a ticket.
Right.
What is the meaning of those pills?
They have the hodometer and if your thing is too hot, man, you're your history.
I'll say it.
You're dead meat.
These guys still there must have been there must have been at least a dozen.
Who is this?
This is Mr. Anoubster.
No, seriously, who is who is this?
We've got to know who this is.
Who is this?
I wouldn't repeat my name on the on the air.
Even if I had your paycheck,
yeah, I bet you would about 20 times you'd repeat it.
Then you'd only wouldn't have to repeat it again.
Will you know me?
It's like this.
Who is this?
I'll call you again sometime.
Okay, nice talking to you, Mr. Anoubster.
This fabulous relationship, it's just Mr. Anoubster, a pen beautiful, fun ride.
Good bye.
Who was that?
I know who that is.
You know what I'm saying?
It's like Jerry Markbright.
I know who it is, but I can't put my finger on it probably.
Who was that?
It sounded like a cross between Jerry Owens and Rush Limbaugh.
Ten minutes, Pat.
You know who it is?
It's not like Mr. Microphone.
Mr. Yeah.
It's Mr. Microphone.
Oh, that was what's his name?
That was what you call it?
Ron Hershey Highway, wasn't it?
No, he don't sound like that.
It's Mr. Microphone.
Also, Sonny's to embarrass to call him now because he's made a fool of himself.
He keeps sticking up and anointing his mouth in public.
And he's been banned in most of South Florida as a result.
So now he's got Mr. Microphone calling in.
That did sound like him.
How come he's so good on this show?
And those things he does on air so lame, God.
This is Mr. Microphone.
And it's the Sonny Fox show with Ron Hershey and Sonny Fox.
Oh, God.
Give me a break, Sonny.
That was Mr. Microphone.
What is probably searching for an audience?
Sooner or later, they all land over here, man.
They know where the audience is and it's your ain't over there.
Consumer Credit Law Center, speak of the devil.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
If you're one of the thousands of radio dead meets out there, brother, sister,
then you need the Consumer Credit Law Center.
They can remove those derogatory disgusting, revolting bad things from
your credit report.
And everybody deserves a second chance.
Even people in this business accept, so you know who next door at the
coast, who's probably had more chances than they ever ready.
Can't it takes about 90 to 120 days to correct and they're going to
eliminate those things from your credit bureau files.
In fact, they got on T.
That's right.
It's a hundred percent guaranteed their service to clear your records.
Or you get your money back for a single five hundred dollars for a
couple and you can't even finance their fee.
How the hell do you like that?
If you've had bankruptcies, bad debts, late credit card payments for
closures, IRS leans, chapter seven, chapter eleven, chapter 182, whatever it is.
Instead of letting those sit around and running your credit by being on
there for seven years, have them wiped away with the Consumer Credit Law
Center and get a fresh start.
Call them today.
832013.
Tell them Mr. Microphone told you to call 8320130.
Have you taken a good look in your closet lately?
Anything in this?
Yes, I'm sick.
Still, I am sick.
You got me all screwed up here, George.
I was going to put this thing in a phone.
I've been talking to our celebrity, a voice there.
I've been suffering with the swelling and the itching and all of the pain
that goes along with it for several months now.
And I've tried everything from sit-spats to suppositories and nothing has
worked.
And amazingly enough, the only thing that has worked has been Neil Rogers.
Just by listening to one show, all the, all the itching has stopped.
The pain has gone away and the swelling is really dissipated.
And it's all because of the erudgers.
Yeah.
1214, we have an open-minded Broward where Mr.
Douchbag was on and somebody just dropped off in data.
I can't get over that.
Look at that.
Now I feel really depressed.
We were doing so well, you know.
We started out a little slow, a little late back this morning and then they all got
lit up like somebody like little gigantic came right under their butt.
751 WIOD and date and 524 and Broward.
Cutleridge.
Fine, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I had to follow Mr. Microphone.
He would, that was Mr. Microphone.
That was his brother-in-law.
Well, this is a cutleridge chronic and at least I had to follow.
He's calling from death row.
What is it?
Cutleridge chronic.
Yeah.
I have a good telephone, so at least I got to-
Well, you could fool a hell out of me, sir.
You sound like you're calling from like Roseanne Barr's butt.
Oh, okay.
He was talking about gangsters with badges.
Yeah.
Okay.
Where are you going?
Okay.
You know, the front blotter call got me set off.
I didn't set off anyway, but you hit it right on the head.
You know, what was wrong with him and every ask his or her life, like him, is that they cater
to the policies of Reagan Bush and all their fashers, Chrony.
Yep.
I mean, I mean, it's, you know, back in the 16s, I don't want to be old-fashioned, but you were either part of the problem or part of the solution.
And every political group, they need their sons, their soldiers, and just good music there.
Yeah.
Here we have state and local pigs, IRS, and T.H.P.
Yep.
You know, and not to get too far from it, but I have a six-time occasion federal court.
But I had a 20-minute stolen from the amount of federal government.
And your barrels got a case in federal court?
Yep.
SIGRUMS.
And this is serious, so I guess I can't get into the details.
But there were no drugs involved.
Yeah.
That's illegal.
Right.
It was so money.
It was cash money.
I stole some property.
And this is being cash, being transported.
We have reached 14,000.
It's been a little portrait here and a half.
I can still go in my money and just go in.
I am the legal firm.
I'll be there.
Well, good luck to you, sir.
Hang in there.
Okay.
Going to backyard, you ain't got that weed out of the ground right now, pal.
Are you a dead meat?
1216 to WIOD.
Oh, I missed her microphone, Jr.
Just kind of like set me off there.
I wasn't expecting that.
You know, and I'm not them still like about only 20% recovered from this crud.
It's my Malaluka thing again.
If she ever calls, if anybody calls me and starts talking to China
with that Malaluka crap, man, I'm just going to jump right through the microphone.
Mr. Jupiter.
Hello, Neil.
Hello.
How are you, Mr. Jupiter?
Happy Purim, to you, sir.
Okay.
I'm a Graham, post.
I don't know what that is.
I bet they're having a lot of big Purim parties up there in Jupiter right now, or probably right next door
like right on the edge of Uranus.
Right out in the farm, there.
Yeah.
All the idloch on the farm, man, are really doing it.
They're right on.
Yes, sir.
Listen.
Did you get your cable hooked up?
Oh, it wasn't.
I'll let me call you right away.
They did finally call me.
I will say that last the Friday, I believe.
I haven't called them back.
I figure if it took them six weeks to call me, I'll wait about five or six, then give them a friendly call.
They'll be billing you tomorrow, don't worry.
No, they already are billing me for my old address.
So I'm not like stealing anything.
I have the exact same service.
They just don't know that I've got it.
And they don't even know that I've moved because evidently they got lost in the translation
because they're too busy sending out bills.
Yeah, really.
Well, I saw something on TV, so they'd hook it up right away.
1-800-Cable-Me.
So I thought I'd give you.
Tom, Tom, come and call what 800-Cable-This.
Yeah, cable.
Well, that's too many letters.
Well, that's okay.
It'll still get the message you've got.
That referee is Jerry Markbright.
No, no, wrong.
Markbright.
I will bet you every dime that I have in my paycheck against $0.50.
Well, his name is Markbright.
Well, your famous news guy there said Markham.
So you're saying Markbright now, and it's Markbright.
Wrong.
Jerry Markbright.
I've been watching the National Football League, sir, for 36 years.
His name is Jerry Markbright.
I can see his ugly face in front of me right now, and I can see him
fanatically punching out those arms.
Time out, TV, time out, right now.
Trust me.
And his microphone's not working.
Right.
Well, that's always true.
Right.
Especially for that Jerry Seaman.
That's about $720.
He's holding ways 14 pounds.
What is it?
Every 20 year it takes me, they're taking away the replay.
It's a bunch of crap.
We finally get something good, so at least once in a while we can get a call.
That's right, not too often.
But wait, no, they have a big game, and we got one of those calls again.
I'm telling you, I'm taking my helmets, Zacharias, out to J.R.S.
and my artillery and my tank.
Damn, he'll be fumbling, and yeah.
Yeah.
Bad.
Peter Crenzer's a douchebag.
Okay.
Going back to Rochester this week.
Really?
And he's going to eat white hot until his blood pressure goes through the road.
That'll do it, man, just about two days of Donum Bob's and Vick and Irv's,
and that'll do it. He'll be dead meat.
Yeah.
Well, have a great day, sir.
I give a big kiss on the lilacs.
I don't kiss him.
See you later.
Okay.
Oh, excuse me.
Mm hmm.
Malick, take your note of that, George.
We have an open line out of town.
He's called from Jupiter, but we don't want to spoil those image-up.
There he's got a lot of kin listening right now, a lot of kin Folk and Farm Folk.
And they don't like that kind of stuff, you know what I mean?
Them folk.
Oh, what are we doing now?
Oh, we're doing Toyota Hollywood.
We like them, Folkmen, because they're great folk over there at Toyota Hollywood.
Calling all Toyota buyers potential or are thinking about it,
because it's a Toyota buyers alert at Toyota of Hollywood. Don't even think
about buying a new Toyota until you check with the Volvo Irish Patrick Murray.
Happy St. Patty's Day and happy Purim Patrick. Right now, it's a participating
Napa Auto Parts Store by three Napa Shockster struts in any combination and get
one free. Save on auto light non-resistant spark plugs. Now just 64 cents each
after rebate. Plus, Belden High Performance spark plug wire sets as
a $1.99 after rebate. Save now at your participating Napa Auto Parts Store.
Hurray Sailant, April 12th.
Patrick said that the birds a liar. The birds a liar.
Those came with Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Kitka.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Oh, and Donna's car.
Yes, thank you very much.
You should've squeezed that word in the past.
gahoo city
so what's the story of rickensets doing that thing tomorrow we still on the
uh...
god is that embarrassing are we doing that thing you know ten from the uh...
stadium tomorrow
we are doing it
they know about it
uh...
well at least somebody knows about it that's a good start
rickensets live from joe robby stadium tomorrow we got a big weekend exhibition
baseball at the stadium
and we are suck it around heavy duty to try to get those marlin games back
here's a lady in boka
a lady in boka is gone
no she's don't do that
got a almost like flew off the chair
uh... i have a first time call her in the first time listener and what it's a
first time listener
yes i am
where you've been all i like
i don't know
it's here but i'm hanging out with mister microphone and sunrise
exactly
uh... but i've been my friends telling me and i want to hear
clit-eat-foot at the beaver
really
in other words you want to see the little beaver intensive for you to do
exactly
well uh... you know it's kind of a little tacky to call on the show that you
never heard before the very first day and make a request and stuff like that
but since you sound so charming
and how long have you been listening this morning or this afternoon or today
or whatever
three hours
three hours
and
what's the verdict you better say something really nice and suck around
and i play the stuff
i think this is incredible i love it
great
and the show too right
okay we'll go back to radio and with that baby up okay
have a great day and by the way
happy for them
thank you
bye bye
it's the all new
leave it to be there
starring
bond revealing
you both
totally down
and clit-eat-foot as the beaver
uh... you want to see me dad
yes beaver
sit down
i am dad
keep in mind i'm six foot four
so uh...
what's the problem dad
beaver i have never been more disappointed in you that i was today when you
walked in the principal's office wearing that horrible sweatshirt
all you mean my beastie boys sweatshirt
right
and i just got to understand
just this morning your mother and i both told you to take that sweatshirt off
before you went to school
now why did you deliberately disobeys
my dad it's the biggest concert of the year
run dmc in the beasties
and i already got my tickets
all know people
all yeah
and you know
i try to bring your home a dmc t-shirt
twelve twenty seven at w i d welcome to our little party maim whoever you are so
nice to have you with us and see how agreeable we are sometimes unless
somebody calls up an axlachis psychotic bitch by the way the doctor
susan block show i want to mention this again
under who left this but i'm pretty excited can we look into this George
we take our show on the road it says
a makes doctors susan block makes love to orlando
on wqbq radio
can we at least get some tapes of that some audio effects something
and she's doing her uh... series of four safe sex shows
with our land i believe or in or land oh that's bad
on the subjects of masturbation
phone sex making out and heavy petting
and condoms
not necessarily in that order
okay twelve twenty eight let's go to hollywood and starlight
i i do nil i'm doing it man
want to wish you a heartfelt happy perms you in your work
yeah
i think you were talking about that you were talking about it i think it might be
jury panic holy
the what the jury panic holy and the jr. boy up
fifty if i think it's a disgrace that they're
it was kind of embarrassing when a jr. boy would like run out on the field get
lost and i'd like to play the game for hours at a time
anyway i think it's terrible that they remove that uh...
the answer replay it thanks
mark my words are marked right my words they're going to be real sorry real
fast like in the first week of the season next year they're going to be real
sorry
roughly right a lot of that call yeah
even with the replay there were a lot of bad calls can you imagine now it's
gonna be on nightmare
terrible
anyway want to suck around on the first time listener first time caller
no you're a young deal no you're not yet have a nice life boy who you can
twelve
what a sense of humor he's got
twelve twenty nine at w i would be let's go home now because i got my check and
we had a good lunch and a call to be not too bad
and we had uh... mister microphone and we had that uh... first time young lady
and would not to bad today half for a Thursday in a crappy town
starlines open star i o d
fortlauter del
good afternoon sir
good afternoon to you sir
i thought of
needed bumper sticker mail that said
you know the insignia for the japanese orange on
white background yes sir
just a little cross and i love it
just a no
but was it like a toyota or something
i don't know american car
sorry pat pat burry in the great sense of humor folks
anyway
by the way there was a thing in the uh... pat you can had a one of his stupid
press conferences yesterday
and the his wife was up there and a podium and they said you're gonna get rid of
the uh...
the uh... mercenaries and she got up there she said it's for sale anybody want
to make an offer a ha ha ha not
really
and it was and if you script the swastika of the windshield and if you look
at
fashions pigs
dot about it
anyway and i called it into the uh... instant replay i think they should get
each coach two or three times to use it their own discretion right
and a story
but how much revenue that uh... advertising and everything there you know
don't doubt it i'm sure it's a good one they find that out then
although i was reading a thing in the satellite tv week yesterday that uh...
the nfl because they made such a greedy disgusting deal with the owners that
they're like uh...
extending it and it's like almost there given it to the networks for nothing
for a couple years you know i'm saying where they
talking about pay-per-view never gonna have to get it never gonna happen never
will fly believe me that the death now the game if they try that crap
but about eighty percent of those games that are on monday night uh... they
couldn't pay us to watch it
anyway uh... if you can give me a little chill on my bones and homesick let's
hear some dick pertin or cklw or something
well i think i'm having a relapse
well what the hell ever happened to put in by the way can't they pay any as
living in quality of the day
and said that when dick was down in the west coast uh... couple weeks ago is
trying to call on the eight hundred number and of course couldn't get through
which i find hard to believe
because anybody get through our eight hundred line but these back up a
detroit making a lot of books
okay
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
I don't like that. But Davies likes it. It's nice and slow.
CKMWR.
Yeah, okay, now we're doing it. Right on the Edselford Expressway, sir.
Okay, thank you, sir. Have a great day. Bye-bye. See it, loose finder, Deli.
Not... See it's Kipper's table for. That used to be great. There was a Deli, not a Deli.
A smorgasbord place. There were two of them, one in Plymouth.
And the other one on... I think seven-mile road in Detroit. They were called Skippers Table, Smorgasbord.
And most smorgasbord places are like for old people. I don't want to mention any down here.
They're like mostly out of business where they go in and they put their teeth in the glass
and it fizzes while they eat. And the spaghetti tastes like the corn and the mashed potatoes taste like the meatloaf.
No, this was great. Skippers table. And you could go back like a hundred times
and I had a friend salesman as a matter of fact. I shouldn't say that.
A radio salesperson from Albe in Michigan. And before we go to the track at Hazel Park or Wolf Arena tonight,
if we go over to Skippers Table and eat about 400 pounds worth of food for like $3.99.
That was the best. Skippers table, man. They don't make them like that anymore.
Plantation.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Malalook is aren't in bloom now.
Oh.
And if the thing you got gets into your test, you're going to think you have bronchitis and pneumonia.
It's wrapped up into water.
What does that mean?
It means that you'll be coughing your brains out.
What do you mean the thing I got? I got a head cold.
Well, don't let it drop down.
Don't let it. How about my cold?
I bet that too.
Oh, no, it's like almost gone.
I think you're trying to talk me back into it, aren't you?
Yeah.
Misery loves comforting.
Why not?
Okay. I'll work on it.
It's just so Godfather intensive today.
Yes. The only thing I've seen that's bigger than you would see is the day I walked up behind Hank Goldberg at the track.
Take it easy.
Okay. Smart ass, man.
I'll tell you.
Which one have I got out?
I don't even know which one of these I got out.
I'm so damn Godfather intensive. I got them all out.
Oh.
Number two. Number two.
I'll tell you when you're having a stressful, traumatic, awful day.
There's just something so soothing about this music, you know?
I don't know about you, but it sure does it for me.
It just kind of calms me down.
It's like somebody is making me a musical offer that I can't refuse.
Let's do a Miami.
Hello?
Miami.
Buenos Tardas.
Osteleuago.
Ostelevista.
Osteuraz.
Let's do a leisure city.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
I'm doing it.
That's good.
Hey, I first off I want to clarify you on that replay.
Oh, I love it.
Go ahead.
Not only did the douchebag get both against it.
The giant, it's also vote against it.
Not only them, but also the counterfeit bill.
All the New York state teams voted against it.
What the hell do they know?
Well, let's see.
Did the giant, the giant, the giant, the giant, the giant, the jets were like back to back on the list.
I'm pretty sure.
Yeah, triple play there.
Yeah, screw them.
Did you, have you seen any of this baby lollipop trial?
Baby lollipops.
First of all, the name of the trial just, I mean, what the media does here, I just, I have a headache from thinking about it.
Yeah, well, have you seen that girl who's testifying for the state of Libya?
Well, girl, I guess whatever Olivia Gonzalez.
Yeah.
You've seen the sideburns on her, man.
Oh, yeah.
And it looks like Elvis.
No, she looks like Luke Perry on Beverly Hills 902-064-38.
Are those babies real?
Or is that Charles Alphieri sideburned?
Right.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know.
Did you tell her to butcher up?
Only her proctologist knows for sure, sir.
Yeah.
I want to ask you about this Buchanan thing.
Who?
You know, not fuck Buchanan.
And Buchanan, the guy who's trying to run President, he can't do that.
He's right.
Yeah, he's right.
He can't be President, really, can't he?
I mean, didn't they pass the law after Roosevelt was President, Franklin Roosevelt, that no more President with the same last name?
Yeah.
They had Teddy, and then, and we already had a President named Buchanan.
Right.
So they can't do that.
It's too bad because the Cubs were hoping to get Steve Wilson elected President before they traded into the Dodgers, and they just missed out.
They just fully...
They're way to get rid of them, though.
Yeah.
Well, listen, have a great day.
In fact, be a good way to get rid of Danny Jackson, too, but I guess that we got beat on that baby, too.
Have a great life, sir.
Look at that.
Two open lines in day.
That's a first in hours on this show.
Does that mean we're like coming, screeching to a halt in the middle lunch hour?
We hope not.
God, they just know how to stick it to you when you least expect your rated 524.
Now, what is it?
I don't even know what the number is.
751, I think it's setting into my lungs deep, George.
Well, here I am again, your Century Village Man, Chuck Zink.
For I am again, this is Rick from Carpet and Pile X-Bow.
Stay Master protects against most common food and beverage stains.
Stay Master is certified and warrantied by DuPont.
Paw 40, a WIOD.
We got a mobile in a four-large deal.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
The longer I wait on this, the more I get mad at you.
Cheap State Management for not getting cellular one starline.
Sir, what can I say?
What happened?
What you hear is what you get.
What you see is what you get.
Cheap Irish, they're thrifty, sir.
They're like the Scottish, they're thrifty.
Like the frogs.
Hey, just one note on that replay with stock.
I can't put it there.
Yes.
All I got to say is first one that's voted against is coach wise that complains on a call.
Got nothing to say.
Exactly.
In fact, I think they ought to call it against them just out of spite.
I mean, like a real obvious one.
Just to give them all.
All they want is money, money, money.
What the ought to do is have advertisers sponsor like a replay minute.
I don't like to just buy a Budweiser or something.
Right.
There you go.
Fuck.
They gave me another Budball and then between like 4,500 times a game.
That's right.
Okay, I just want to throw that in.
Okay, have a great life and a happy poem to you.
Bye-bye.
1241, we have an open-line at Broward 524.
There's something I just have to hear one more time today.
I got to hear it.
I have to confess because it's not even like from this show,
but it's got to be in the top five in bubbling right now.
So who would you go for?
I was on the other guy's ballot.
What other guy?
The Republican guy.
Oh, no, man.
Yeah, I know.
I'm sorry.
Did I want to break it?
Which one did you go for?
I'm not going to get into it, Chad.
You'll freak out on me, okay?
Not...no way.
Yeah.
That hooded freak.
Which one?
He's specific.
What's his name, man?
I'm not going to argue.
The guy from CNN.
Ted Turner, yes.
Oh, man.
You voted for...
You can't.
I voted for Ted Turner.
Dude, what?
You just send the police right into my pad.
Why don't you give them my phone number and then press.
And let them come over and kill me.
Man, you're gonna elect the thought police.
Ted, this wasn't a presidential election.
This is a primary, okay?
I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side.
Give me the chance to vote for the other side.
Break.
What?
My pal, break, voted for a Nazi.
I knew this would be...
I didn't vote for a Nazi.
Pro 42, a WIOD.
I rest my case.
Here's a mobile and stored.
Deal.
Yeah.
First time caller.
Well, how about that, eh?
Come on.
What?
I know who this is.
Huh?
I know who this is.
I know.
It's been a while.
Where were you last night up at Pompidopark when we needed your money?
I was at no shot to work last night.
Yeah, I bet.
I'm sorry.
You were working it out.
I'm afraid to go see you.
But since you went on that tirade on me the day after I saw you last time, you know, I'm kind of fearful of coming up and saying hello.
You know, you are an asshole.
Is anybody ever told you that lately?
I just...
I didn't go on a tirade.
All I said was how come it was that you and your very lovely girlfriend come over to the table after having your own very nice table.
Not too far away the entire evening and seemingly perfectly happy there.
And actually, cashing a few tickets to look.
And come over at like squad halfway down into the chairs at my table and say, oh is it okay if we sit down as your ass is hitting the seat?
What was wrong with the other chairs were they like on fire?
She wanted to meet you.
Well that's fine.
That's fine.
And yeah, she wanted to meet you.
After an evening with you it's no she probably wanted me to meet anybody I would imagine.
God.
What night is the fan force racing this week Friday night?
Friday night.
Friday night.
Don't ask me anything about that.
I don't want to discuss it ever again.
I mean I'll be there.
It's what can I say?
Well, we might get a good price.
Yeah, right.
You'll have a big price.
All right.
Yeah, even Bob Barker will be there.
The price will be right.
I'm just I am so overwhelmed.
And I noticed that porcupine is conspicuous by his fat absence here today with that stupid rule about $2 across the board.
See, you want me to tell you the real story?
Yeah.
See, this summer for the summer meet.
You know, like most of the guys are leaving.
Like, Pavey goes to the metal lands and Wally goes back up where he goes.
And Kevin and Peter go back and Donnie Harbin to Detroit.
I was going to ask you who our drivers are going to be, by the way.
Well, I think Hoagin is sticking around and Donnie Brainer will be like a top dog.
But anyway, Bruce Ranger is like right on the verge.
You know, like one day he's going to stay the next day.
So they really just suck it up to Brucey to stick around because he's a real good driver.
And he's got, you know, he's a good horseman.
And why he's okay.
And so this thing last night, I think they must have I just can't believe it.
You know, I mean, I like Bruce.
Hey, we love you and you won.
He didn't win nothing.
Okay. Kevin is like God.
And he wins that 10th race like a champion.
And all in that you should have seen the photo for third.
I'm telling you, if Gary Lewis wouldn't have dropped his slip on the track just before I'm serious.
He reached down to get it.
If he would have hit the horse one more time.
Come on, Gary.
Wango your tango.
Maybe get your ass up there.
And Brucey hangs on for third by like the slimmest of noses.
And then, you know, he winds up with a stupid deal.
Now that parking pipe came up with $2 across the board.
What does that guy do with driving?
Has nothing to do with anything?
No.
Let's have a race off.
Let's do this right and stop sticking it to Kevin for crying out.
What the hell did he ever do to us besides cash me a lot of tickets?
Damn it.
I feel like I got a dolphin question for you.
I think they're prejudiced against our Michigan drivers at Pomfano Park.
And I'm going to take some serious damn action about it like Friday night.
I am.
I'm going to go out there and blow away all the other horses and let Kevin and Peter and Donnie win by 10 lights every race just out of spite.
I'll be there Friday.
And I'm going to get that Kelly Shepherd too for parking my horse 27 seconds the first quarter last night and then finishing eighth.
Oh, 27 second first quarter.
Kelly Shepherd, man, outside of, don't even give me started.
Okay, about good old Kelly the schlep.
And he wonders why about half of those guys out there in the track were like to stick his ass in infield lake.
Well, Joe likes to do that too.
Joe likes to park him out and gun him in the first quarter.
Joe is whipping him before they started the before the gate opens Joe is whipping and slashing Joe had a horse last night.
Co-quee in the 12th race 2 to 5.
Okay, 2 to 5.
At the top of the stretch this horse stopped like he ran into a mat truck.
Okay.
Like he ran into a brick wall.
Great wall of China.
Exactly.
That was Jolton Joe with Co-quee.
I got your Co-quee right over here.
Yeah, the only round three quarters of a mile.
Joe would win all the races.
Yeah.
He is whipping up.
That's what Tonya once Joe is through with a man they don't walk for a month.
He loves to whip it and the horse is still.
Yeah, that's what Dominic said.
When you cut the crap out of him watching the full we've had a great day and the phones are dropping off here like flies.
This is like Rick Riley talking about snow skiing.
Okay, nobody cares.
I'm happy you can.
Yeah, pack this.
Neil, I just recorded my dolphin season seconds.
Yeah.
And they sent me a notice saying that they're going to put aside a day for a season second holders to come out and upgrade their seats.
Where you can actually go to the stadium and pick your seats if they're available.
Yeah.
Have you been to that in the past as the work going down there?
No, I don't pick my seat.
My nose a little bit around my seat.
Have a great day, friend.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
In honor of instant replay being killed.
Yeah.
Can you play referee by Tom Petty?
Bye, Joel.
See ya.
1247.
He is such a pain in the ass.
We have an open line in date.
We've got three open lines now.
We've been killing and killing them all day long.
And he comes on here and starts a whole damn thing about Poppano Park, which I love, but the audience 98% of them couldn't give one crap about.
And like the whole show is dead now.
Thanks a lot, Joel.
Wait until you sit down at the table next time.
We got a little surprise for you.
We got like an electric seat.
Sally supplying the juice.
All your orifice managers.
I got a headache from his call.
I really do.
All your orifice managers out there.
It is your orifice use bottled water like ours used to here at WIO and D.
Well, if you do, you're probably wasting space and time by stirring and schlepping those big, bulky, heavy, or hernia-inducing bottles.
And probably your bills are tough to decipher in a fluctuator, flatulate for month to month.
Hi, this is Paul Songus.
Oh, it's 1251.
And that's for the one and two hour and I crunched it off.
Bad mistake.
Anyways, they say in my backyard to my dogs in the morning in plantation, don't void where prohibited.
Anyway, the Marlin ticket contest giveaway here on this important radio show.
Nothing to buy.
Nothing exciting to do.
Just get out a postcard, one entry per person, and send you a postcard with your name address and phone number, shoe size, jockstrap size.
Mala to Marlin's tickets, WIOD.
My MA-331-41 postcards can be, you must be postmarked by Wednesday, April 1.
Or you can drop it off our 610-WIOD studios before 5 p.m. any day on April 3rds, the deadline.
Okay, this is so confusing, I just want to die.
Anyway, the winner will be drawn on this show Monday, April 6th, then the winner is going to get a pair of season tickets for the 1993 Florida Marlins season.
How do you like that?
Opened all persons except employees and their immediate families of carcass enterprises, the sisters, and the Florida Marlins organization.
All entries become a property of 610-WIOD, except the price, okay?
Okay.
1252-WIOD, just get those cards in a mail.
One per person, please, but if you've got a family of 8, they can send the cards that don't feel too bad, okay?
Plantation again?
Hello?
Hello?
Yes?
Oh!
How did you know I was from Plantation?
I never told them that.
Well, he assumed so.
On Marvel right now, I was in Plantation when I called. I'm now in North Dade.
Wow!
On my own dime, I'm in my own direction.
What a step in a wrong direction.
Anyway.
Yeah.
First, this is not the proper thing.
It's real simple.
Why does it need to, like Sally did, and just suck up the head and then so to speak, and you'll have no problem?
I don't think Susan would be too happy about that.
Well, you know, it works for Sally. I mean, what kind of year she's been there?
Right.
Second, Hank Goldberg.
You ever listen to Hank?
I don't think Bob's got the right connection, so to speak.
Do you ever listen to Hank?
Yes.
And if I'm in the car at night, I always listen to Hank, yes.
How do you know what's... are you going to attack Fat-A-Hank?
Well, I'm not really.
All I asked you is if you're going away, wasn't like threatening you or something.
I mean, I want you to keep in mind that Hank's been under the weather.
He's got like a heart problem.
I'm sorry to the wet.
He's been in...
I am too. Nobody cares about that.
I'm not worried about that.
He's been in and out of the hospital.
He's got like a breathing problem.
And I mean, he's like overweight.
He's not just Hank Goldberg.
He's a hippopotamus.
Go ahead.
Well, I'm telling the loser I'm not a problem.
He's got to. He's got to cut the crap.
Well, that's part of my thing.
Whenever you listen to him, he's always talking about the raiders, cheerleaders,
and the fabulous base that's for sod, that place the advertises.
I wonder how he's kidding.
He couldn't get one of those chicks and what if he paid for it?
So what's wrong with that?
What are they going to do with a fat rat?
What's wrong with that?
So what's wrong with that?
He's got the big bucks.
Why do you think he works like 80 hours today?
He's got serious bucks.
That's probably why his heart's ready to stop. He's outgurant to you.
I know, but he's acting like all these babes are all over.
Give me a break.
They are, and that's because they work by the hour.
What's wrong with that?
I think he's just jealous.
I'm going to get a boyfriend.
1254 at WIOD.
We have an open-line in Broward.
Ha! Well, I'm telling you, I got the good stuff coming up now.
That signals the end of this crud when a really good stuff starts coming out
from the bowels of your mucus glands.
God!
You're not going to believe this.
Okay? Nobody and you won't care about it, but it's just ironic.
Either I'm getting psychic or just I'm losing it.
I'm watching my CBS Morning Show this morning, CBS Today or whatever to show it.
I'm sitting there, I know it's strange, but I'm thinking about the mucus,
because I'm almost over this cold.
I've just, for some reason, I'm thinking about, you know, that we used to talk on ear,
about the really dark green, it's like it's been in the body the longest,
and then the yellow, which is kind of gross.
But that's the rumor.
That's the popular folklore that the darker the mucus, the longer it's been in the body.
And wouldn't you know, just as I'm thinking about this, they come out with a story
about not asthma.
Well, what's the thing they've got this new DNA ace, this new stuff to break up the mucus,
where people cough and choke, and we had it on our news all morning.
Some kind of like a bronchial disorder, and they're starting to talk about mucus.
And my mind was on mucus, which is really not something I think about too much.
Here's a four-letter deal.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
How you doing?
Okay, you're not, we were right, it's not on mucus, is it?
No, not at all.
Excellent.
I want to wish you a happy poem.
That's an organization we're starting called Mom, M-O-M-M-Mines on mucus.
Happy poem to you too.
Happy hum
Thank you.
How can I ask you a question?
Do you eat hum Natasha?
Do you like the real ones like I like with the poppy seeds on the outside that are big
and fluffy and soft?
Or do you like those little hard triangular ones that are supposed to be for real?
I like the real ones.
The soft ones.
The soft ones.
Right.
I only like certain things that are hard, not humant touch.
Right, there you go.
I want to talk to you about one of these sponsors, biceps.
Yeah.
Did you ever try them?
Yes.
You like them?
Yeah, I've got a whole bunch of them at home.
What flavor?
Chocolate, I love the best.
Yeah, I just tried the chocolate.
I have to tell you this meal, they really sucks.
You don't like them?
No.
I like them.
I like them.
Barbecued ones suck the big weaving.
Yeah, what about the other ones?
I didn't try the other ones.
Oh.
These are terrible.
What do you like with one of those is a phony fake diet plans or something?
No, you've got to eat miracle berries first.
Oh, yeah, that can't hurt.
Well, call the plant doctor.
That'll work, right?
Have a good day, Neil.
In fact, maybe you can plant some in your home intestine.
Excuse me?
I said have a great forum.
You too.
Fine.
She's with one of those like teni-cregor something.
1257, a WIOD.
We have an open-line in Broward, 524.
Out of town is quite a down considerably and quite frankly, I couldn't give a fly and crap less to be honest with you.
Here's a cunt in the ridge.
Hey, good afternoon, Neil.
And how you doing, sir?
I'm doing lousy.
You say misery loves cunt.
Love cunt.
I'm sick of it, no.
Oh, it's going around, man.
It's the crud.
That's creeping.
I woke up with it yesterday.
Ha, ha, ha.
Yep.
So how long do I have?
I got to look at the mucus.
Yeah, well, it starts to win a real heavy duty like dark green.
Oh, this is real clear.
Oh, no, that's just the beginning.
Oh, man.
How long you had it?
Let's see, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
Just about a week.
That's why it takes about a week to get rid of the cold.
And that's just about at the end, at the tail end.
Well, at least I'm home here taking care of myself.
Yeah.
And you got a good weekend to get destroyed.
It's always good getting the cold before the weekend.
And you get your whole weekend ruined.
That's just these things.
Listen, I'm not going to be one of these people jumping on the old bandwagon about the instant replay thing.
I'm glad it's out of there.
Well, there we go.
Find me a guy even though he's full of crap.
I don't have to get to say it.
That's right.
Good for you.
It's about every time, every call is a crucial call.
I mean, how can they say this call?
No, every call is not a crucial call.
That's not.
No, it's not.
No, if you can't.
Can I?
Can I wait a minute?
Wait a minute.
Can I explain something to you?
In baseball, balls and strikes and stuff that goes on.
Every pitch, there's another call.
Do you know what I'm saying?
The every ball.
That's it.
The umpire has to make a call in football.
ball the mid or even though there are a lot of calls to be made let's face it
most plays in football a there's not a penalty and b there's not a
controversy about whether it's completed and complete or a couple of
not so is compared to baseball where there are like hundreds and hundreds of
pitches footballs a piece of cake there aren't that many yeah but when you
when you when you you know stop a play for this or this you stop the momentum
of the drive and how many teams especially Buffalo they in Cincinnati when
they first but but the reason for that is they didn't do it right they were
supposed to allow only so many seconds and we're some of those deals but on
for like a half an hour and I'm getting sick and tired of you know how
fat I got going back to the fridge every time so why can't they just tighten
it up a little bit well every time you make a rule in sports you got to have
rules to govern that rule right and and they're not doing it and I'm what
did they do back in the old days they paid the refs off so you know keep
doing it here what's the difference oh when it starts getting like like
purple that's the time to call us again have a great day feel better okay well
he's out of the weapon you know answers his problem not everybody's going to
agree on this we like one or two people who happen to be wrong seven five one
W.I.D. we have an open line of day we got Lisa Campbell I'll bet Lisa here okay
Lisa's she's misdependable and erocace you may not get it right but Lisa's
in there Lisa's got the one o'clock news we got Rick and Suds today with
what's her name is back again Laura Corn with her Corn ball crab 237 intimate
questions every woman should ask a man like can that be felt and news from
around a planet and sunny and Joanne sports talk at 605 and speaking of
can that be felt did County State of turn a Janet Reno with good old
Hank 8 to 11 that's awful low man tonight this is how Florida's news
traffic and weather station news talk radio 610 W I O D Miami board water
deal in the Palm Beachers good afternoon I'm Lisa Campbell in the 610 W I O D
news center the temperature at one o'clock 85 degrees from the 610 W I O D
weather center meteorologist Bob so good news talk radio 610 W I O D
news talk radio 610 W I O D presents the Neil Rogers show to get in touch and
talk with Neil Diles 751 W I O D from day in Broward it's 5 to 4 W I O D
outside the 305 area code toll free 1 800 944 W I O D and Bell South mobility
customers make a free call by dialing star I O D the opinions expressed by the
guest host or callers are not necessarily those of this nation now here's
Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 W I O D
Hi this is Paul Songus and even I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two hour
and all that's a chicken definitely on your host Alex Robby we move on now to
double jeopardy penny you had the low score at the end of the last round choose a
category please extra terrestrial for 200 it makes strange noises in the chicken
coop late at night yes bonus right Purdue no Cajun no what is a poultry
guy a poultry guy penny you still have control of the board to be or not to
bec for 600 he was the star of the Omen boneless correct we'll return with
my chicken jeopardy where category will be choking on the packer
what oh six of W I O D it's our mammoth wanted to our song is gonna have lots of
time to listen to all of four and a half hours from now on a just wants to be a
good guy now and get out of the way don't bother nobody out of town lines open
1-800-944 we'd like to be your president here's a lady in Miami on the
star line anymore what a five-hour now wow are you making progress or what no you're
just a little slow yeah but we're paying for it that's true that's all accounts
that's why you're still there sitting here drawing all over my banana really
yeah well me too well fun isn't it sure is and I have a question for you yeah things
kind of quiet it down about your new move are they leaving you alone about my new
what move relocation
