And it was so good for like four hours.
It was just, it was totally unintelligible.
It was like somebody had shoved 800 pounds of mud in her mouth,
which quite frankly could have been an improvement.
But man, are we doing it here at WIOD?
Or what?
Here's a lady in Miami to tell us.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil, how are you?
Great.
Neil, I want to call my cranberry.
I'm a major dish bag.
Yes.
And I want to tell him to leave you alone.
How did you like the quality?
How did, well, the possums a little upset, you know?
He's a little thin skin these days.
What's going on?
Well, I guess the bottles run and dry are something.
I don't know.
They're over there.
We talked about the bottle run and dry.
After that show, they did this morning.
They're going to be squeezing it heavy duty
all weekend over in the Bahamas.
What kind of a feedback we were getting
with my radio?
What was that all about?
I have never, it was like they were singing.
Like everything, anything that had music on it
was like wowing and distorted and pipping in.
It was like the oddness challenge
and everybody had their radio on.
It was like a bad drug trip.
It's a good thing they're out of town
and don't have to do their drug tests this weekend.
It was bad.
It's a soap or, yeah, shake your wires, soap or.
Yeah, shake your...
With this.
Yeah.
Shake your thing.
I just want to tell you that I love you.
Well, have a great day.
Don't take it personally now.
They're just a little testy, okay?
It's a business now.
You've read the rumor that Howard's
going to be doing mornings on this station
and they're getting a little insecure, I guess.
Howard who?
Stern.
I'll get the break.
What's wrong with that?
Now you kill him.
Howard wouldn't dare come down here in the morning.
In the morning.
He'd be in the morning.
I'd be on after Howard.
No.
Can you imagine the audience of living
and breathing people out in her at 10 o'clock?
God.
I don't think that's good now.
No, that would be bad.
That would be bad, yeah.
That would be bad, yeah.
That would be real bad, you know.
We live for you at 10 o'clock.
You don't want to have to make...
Howard does six to 10.
Well, I don't care.
I mean, we can leave you with so many
Howard's of this, you know.
That's true.
That's right.
We don't want to hear that.
You're kind of marketed as George Colbert.
You're king of the market or king of the world
or something.
Well, I'd settle for Princess for a while.
Well, listen, have a great day and a great weekend.
Hang in there.
OK, and don't listen to them.
Say, how do the possum?
All right.
OK, with those little beady albino-wise.
Oh, God.
Hey, listen, if you drank that much,
your eyes would be beat red too.
I'll tell you that.
All right, let's not get vicious and malicious, OK?
Let's try to comport ourselves.
Yeah, why not?
Let's be vicious and malicious.
Speaking of that, did you hear that bitch-pat curry
with Rick and Sus yesterday from the Sun Sentinel?
What a pleasant person she is, huh?
God, how'd you like to wake up next to that
or like in the same building with it?
I mean, granted, Rick is a bonehead
and doesn't have any clue what anything is all about,
but that's beside the point.
But he was just so hostile and mad.
You go back to your callers and I'll go back to doing
what I'm doing, which I can only imagine what that was, Pat.
OK?
Like right on the typewriter, honey.
That was incredible.
Although not quite as incredible as what I heard this morning.
That was a show.
And by the way, speaking of the telephone,
did you like the nice young voices on there?
Town to wise his mouth out with Drain O.
God almighty, Mike and the great panthers,
man, they're just yanking their spears and their prunes.
They're doing it.
It's the prune juice rebellion on WIOD.
Hey, right now, let's take a minute to talk about
the newest hooligans, Bob and Oyster Bar
at the Fort Apache Marina.
Tonto located on the intercostal waterway right behind
Lomans Plaza in Aventura.
Hooligans Fort Apache has all the great food fun and sports
that Miamians have enjoyed other hooligan locations
for nearly a decade.
Every Tuesday, Hooligans Fort Apache host Miami's longest
tapiore from 3 p.m. to midnight with two for one beer
and cocktails, free chicken wings and that great
complimentary buffet featuring a 90 pound steamship
round of beef.
And Thursday, it's karaoke night and ladies drink
free from 9 p.m. to midnight then kick off your weekend
at Hooligans Fort Apache Friday happy hour featuring
a complimentary seafood buffet Saturday.
It's an all night party with the music doctor and the
karaoke sing along and Hooligans is always glad to find
your favorite baseball game on one of their 20 big screen
TVs. You can go and watch the cup lose again.
So come check out the newest hooligans or the reds
win. How about that?
The newest hooligans at Fort Apache Marina right behind
Lomans Plaza in Aventura opened seven nights till
the wee hours of the morning.
There's plenty of baseball action this weekend right here
during the Saturday and Sunday for the best American
and National League game.
Okay, so the big contra tops we got now is George
Mr. Hotshot, Mr. I know everything and you're just some
dumb Anglo. He's taught me it's like karaoke.
Yeah, karaoke.
How can KAR A O are you going to give me the dictionary
just going to stand there combing your hair for an hour
Alex you you yes you white man or close to it go get the
damn dictionary from the newsroom do something constructive.
All I know you just you just oversaw one of the great
shows in the history of radio and you're still basking in the
glory of your brilliant job this morning.
I hope you have a good new one whatever it is karaoke and
by the way they got it spelled two different ways in here
just to make sure they got KAR A O K E and KAR A O K E E as
in the witch doctor O E O I whatever that is while I'll
be back. I'm starting new like Rene like Google Buga.
But anyway let's that thank you so much Alex for the
first useful thing that you've done all morning okay.
I beg your pardon.
What do you just say he's swearing again got on mighty this
this punk has no concept of what an open mic is all about.
Okay here we go let's look it up in our unabridged there's
cats and jammer that's pleasant.
Probably an even in here Kasha here's Kasha Varnishka's
here's Kishki.
Kari Kirok.
That's not even in here.
Now wait a minute maybe if I spelled it right.
What kind of a crappy dictionary can we afford a real
dictionary in here KAR A O.
Ain't in here.
So unless we have somebody in the audience who has an IQ
bigger than their toenail size we're never going to find out.
Here's moral jables.
I will.
The phone lines too good.
That was a great was that incredible have you ever heard
anything like that in your life I turned up my cheap little
radio.
It was like he was saying everything twice at the same time
so how to expend a lot less energy.
I turned up my cheap little radio and I heard the echo.
I said that this damn radio I needed no one.
But what made it better was that like anytime that there was
something musical like even the music and the thing was like
the spinners were wowing it was like I don't I don't get it.
I just am missing something.
I think must have been a real quality phone line.
I think your telephone question that they should be how we
can improve the micreneries show.
I have a two word answer.
Turn it off.
Howard Stern.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Why do I keep saying that again?
I know how he wants to be in this market badly.
We can't afford to put him on here to say dickhead on here.
That would be bad.
Now you lose your life.
We defend all those old parts that love Uncle Apostle.
Oh, I saw Batman last night and it's suck.
It does suck.
It's terrible.
I mean, where the hell is I still say you know to take and steal
somebody's story and to take Robin out of there and to put this
a dark this ugly Paul over the whole thing.
He was his war.
Not his pedophile.
Yeah.
Well, even the first one was sort of good, but that was it.
Oh, yeah, I like the for now.
Forget it.
Oh, a lot of people like the first.
Well, that's because they have no taste.
But this one is because they probably never saw the TV show.
This one is just terrible.
I mean, all good.
Is Danny DeVito running around with the big nose?
Danny DeVito is not the penguin.
Okay, Burgess Meredith is the penguin and not enough.
This season where Marrow is the Joker and who are the other people
that were in it?
The riddler is Frank Gorshin.
Oh, you know, the problem is the director was the same guy who made
P.W.
Big Adventure.
Oh, that explains it.
Well, he's got a lot of pressure.
So you've got you've got this Batman movie with all these crazy
unexplainable things just popping in and out giant dolls and all this
something like out of a P.W.
movie.
Yeah, it's ludicrous.
Yeah, P.W.
likes those movies.
There were a lot of things popping in and out.
That's what I heard.
In fact, P.W.
Urban is in the movie.
Is he?
He has a small cameo at the beginning as the penguin's father.
Well, isn't that cute?
Yeah.
Well, I guarantee you one thing.
If he fathered anything, it probably would be the penguin.
Well, listen, have a great day and I apologize for that show.
Well, wait for I-
Okay.
20 after 10, a W-Y-O-D.
We have a note.
Well, see they're striking back there on that morning show.
They're developing some gigantic ones and probably Rogers
the one to put them up to it because Roger, as it turns out,
is a devious, absolutely just duplicitous.
So does anybody have the answer for us on karaoke?
I think you're wrong.
I don't want to sound like, you know, if I made a mistake,
I'm big enough.
I'm gigantic enough to live up to it.
But I don't think so.
karaoke.
I mean, they sell those on TV with those sing-along things
where they act like Lawrence Welk, kind of like dead.
With your little accordion and you kind of like squeeze it real hard
and the karaoke too.
And you sing your little favorite like the new Christie Menstruals
and all that other crap, right?
And Mitch Miller songs and one and a two.
I don't know.
Nobody knows.
Well, we'll find out.
If it's the last goddamn thing we do today,
we're going to get our karaoke straightened up.
And hey, that's a good way to get set for the weekend
is to get your straightened up.
Here's a reminder from the Quicks Oil Lube
in Hollywood and Fort Lauderdale about their fabulous oil change
in Wiper Blades special at McQuicks Broward locations only.
Get a complete oil change using up to five quarts of Quaker State 10W30 motor oil.
New oil filter and a brand new pair of Wiper Blades all for the
astonishingly low price, Uga Muga of just 2395.
And not only that, McQuicks will also give you a certificate
good for four bucks off on your next oil change.
Now all of that could easily cost over 40 bucks elsewhere.
But right now at McQuicks get the oil change,
new oil filter and new Wiper Blades all for just 2395.
And all of that to McQuicks thorough 18 point service check.
I mean, they'll check you over inside and out and you've got
a deal to damn good to pass up.
And if you visit McQuicks before June 29,
you can find out when a free pair of tickets to the firecracker
400 at Daytona on July 4th.
Are you crackers out there?
No appointment is ever necessary.
Just will your baby in today?
McQuicks and tell him that fat and eel sent you by just say
Uga Muga, that's the password.
There on the northeast corner of 441 in Washington Street in
Hollywood and on stay road 84 half mile east of I-95 in Fort
Lauderdale.
Remember that's McQuicks oil loop where they do more good
things for your car in about 10 minutes and some people do
in four and a half hours on the air.
I'm in the barnloft looking at his back and magazine watching
the eminus buddies do things to a camp down there.
Oh my god.
No.
You mean you had like a stack of plowboys?
Well, he paid for it.
He is took my tickets.
Oh, gee.
We can suds this afternoon at two on South Florida's news traffic
and weather station news talk radio 610 W I O D.
This Saturday morning, if the smooth one wants happening
this weekend on the weekend magazine with Chuck Myers.
This is the radio 610 W I O D.
Sunday, see the biggest, biggest, biggest,
equipment of a planet is the miracle, the whole monster
more coward.
We can eat anything that I am in his post-doc night
opening John Deer by the way.
He's a spoiler against the one doctor and his awesome
jet power snapper.
Who will earn the title?
Master of Moe.
Also a very funny one-boy green and a super-humidified
fully-bony bucket.
It's a long-out head to head battle against long-haired
bad boy.
Shit, we the guarded we know this year.
We're six now prisoners.
Loserical role monster more challenge.
Don't get so quick, get ready, get ready, get out of that chair
and strap on your safety glasses.
It's available one whole, David Master of the three.
1025 at W I O D on a great Friday.
Have we, I forget who's accounted is by the way out back.
Have we discovered yet who's in charge of that?
Not that I want to get panicked again because I know our
good friends over there will take good care of this.
We're going to eat gallons and gallons of walk about soup.
Right? For sure? Maybe? We think we hope.
Here's Bok on the star line.
Hey Neil.
I'm still feeling kind of queasy from that morning show.
But I found kind of makes you seasick.
Man, I feel like you're on a bad cruise.
I'm eating something bad like me.
Across the pond, yeah.
So I was watching the show last night when those
investigated shows on 730, I guess.
And what they were doing was they were putting the radar on.
Hold the inside, I'm glad you mentioned that.
I saw a cop car.
I saw it twice.
I saw it at 430 on Channel 12 in Palm Beach and then at 7 o'clock
at the track I was watching it on wherever.
And the cops that he was clearing the carbon office plug.
Yeah. That's a good one.
Yeah, he was clearing it off his plugs.
Yeah, and it was one on the way to the storm, one on the way home.
So the one on the way to the rifle range in about 96 miles an hour.
This was the BSO and then also those pigs in upstate New York.
And by the way, did you notice the ones in New York as soon as they found out that they were...
They started giving them tickets.
They were writing like it was a fire sale, man.
They gave them a ticket for having an upstructed windshield and the guys said,
well, you have the same thing in your windshield and the police are...
The rules are different for us.
And then did you like the one cop who came running out of the car and ordered him to stop a photographic?
It's illegal to take pictures on a causeway or whatever the hell it was.
That's right, it's like the law is not for everybody.
Yeah. Yeah, I just wanted to see if he's still on the...
They just make it up as they go along.
They're out there driving 70, 80, 90 through residential areas.
And then you notice...
And then you notice they're added to this as soon as these guys approach them and...
Oh, you're on my property, sir.
Have a good day.
In other words, get the crap out of here and don't bother.
We don't mess with me. I'm the law, man.
It was breaking and I'm glad you saw it.
It was chilling, sir.
And if anybody doubts that we live in a fascist state, they should watch that over and over again.
That's how to prove it.
Hallelujah.
And, you know, I don't want to call anybody anything.
Good. Have a good day.
Slow down.
1028 at WIOD.
We have an open line in the Star Line.
StarIOD on a pressure-packed day to day.
We're under tremendous attack and duress from the...
From the old farts in the morning.
Rich packed around the line.
Well, this comes as quite a surprise.
Aren't Parogi those little dumpling things that you mean...
Parogi?
Yep.
This is your material today?
Hey, I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in a little...
I was in one of these conventions, so people with lesser moral fiber than myself were drinking all the time.
Yeah.
And then he comes into the can one time, he's in the stall next to me.
And then he comes into the can one time, he's in the stall next to me.
And then he's in the stall next to me.
And then he's in the stall next to me.
And then he's in the stall next to me.
And then he's in the stall next to me.
And then he's in the stall next to me.
And then he's in the stall next to me.
And then he's in the stall next to me.
And then he's in the stall next to me.
And then he's in the stall next to me.
And then he's in the stall next to me.
Wait a minute.
Wait till you hear this.
I just got a fact from the Phantom Informer.
Yeah.
New competition from Zeta.
Hardcore Neely.
Mike Lyons now appearing opposite your bad self mid days at Zeta.
The new morning person.
Kimba.
Yeah, I heard her yesterday morning.
God is she terrible.
Me Kimba.
Also Buddy Bud is still mucking around with INZs.
He's dropped the second part of the hourly network news in favor of more spots.
Wow, what is the price?
And then it also says on the bright side, though, even packs this smart enough to realize that your voice Gary Stepouta-Bits is essentially useless.
You're stuck with him a while longer.
Sorry.
Love him kisses the Phantom Informer.
Are they going to go to the FTL and turn that around?
There you go.
Perfect place for boy Gary.
That would be good.
And listen, tell that yo-yo they called before about Batman that Tim Burton directed the first Batman movie also.
So he thinks, you know, the guy who did the Pee Wee thing.
And it was all right.
I saw it last night.
It was a dog.
It was a dog.
It's a dog.
It's a dog.
You can't live in the past.
Is that what you say all the time?
So what does that have to do with him?
Well, you can't expect Adam Weston-Burt Ward to be the best.
That was Batman and Robin.
That was Batman and Robin.
And how do you do Batman?
It was a comic strip and with some like basic characters and just take Robin out of it.
That would be like bringing back, leave it to Beaver and taking Ward out of the show.
I mean, it's not going to fly like taking Eddie Haskell out.
That's not the show.
It would be like bringing back Ozzy and Harriet and taking Rick Nelson out.
I mean, so forget that.
Well, he's not feeling too good lately.
But the first-
Well, he's here the rest of them except Harriet and she's right like right on the edge.
Oh wait.
The first few years Batman was in the comics.
There was no Robin.
I hate to break it to you.
So?
Well, he had a maybe...
You know, I've brought...
He had a maybe...
He had a maybe he met him somewhere.
Maybe he met him at the cactus or somewhere.
I don't know.
He's out of town.
You never know.
Maybe he met him in Vegas.
It was his Ward.
Not his pedophile.
Right.
Well, I'll take it from one who should know.
Yeah.
But listen, one other thing before I disappear here.
Is it true that Hank took Tempest star him out to Vegas with him on this trip or is that just a rumor?
I think she's not old enough for him.
Yeah.
Or two old.
She bought this little thing from Charles Elfie area.
You have...
I can't even begin to tell you where she put it.
Well, listen, have a great week.
Wait a minute, I got one more thing for you.
Yeah, quickly.
I know you don't read the hell, but pick it up on Sunday.
I've got a piece in Tropic Magazine on Sunday.
Wow.
In the Father's Day.
What a star.
Well, happy Father's Day.
Well, thank you.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Okay.
What a goofball.
1032 at WIOD.
And my wildest dreams.
I just never anticipated such a pressure-packed day.
And of course, the audience feels like somebody has been actually talk about hands-on.
Like somebody's had their hands inside their head and been squeezing their brains all morning with the...
With the stuff coming through your radio.
I think that with this station, it was an apology to the entire audience.
Those who are too old to change the dial, who are the only ones who listen anyway at the morning.
But I mean, I just...
I can't believe that that just went on.
And I kept sitting here asking people like, is anybody aware that this is what's going on in the air?
I heard a...
How is it?
I just...
What is that?
Major market radio?
God.
And the best part of the deal is that most of his audience didn't know the difference, okay?
I mean, when you get that old, it takes a hell of a lot to snap you to it.
Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah.
Muga Muga.
Muga Muga.
I got a couple things.
By the way, you're never going to believe this.
Cherry Coke and the Can coming up, I think, next month, 30 years old.
It's incredible.
Unbelievablyable.
Cherry Coke and the Can.
In the Can even.
Yeah, in the Can.
That's the operative expression.
I was listening yesterday and I didn't get in, but...
Yeah, somebody called me on one of the time in America.
Yeah.
And you would have asked if there was a gun shot at the end.
How do you pronounce karaoke, by the way?
karaoke.
Cherry, say George, you hear that?
This guy who sounds very articulate and literate to me and is sucking around.
He said karaoke.
karaoke.
There you go.
So, FOS.
What?
Anyway.
FOS.
Oh, he said you're full of stuff.
Yeah, okay.
So, anyway, so you were talking about once upon a time in America yesterday.
Yeah.
And so guy said, oh, I've watched 100 times and, you know, those guys.
Well, there was no gun shot at the end, Neil.
You had asked both of them.
I never heard that.
But you notice how if people say that often enough, it's like anything else.
If you keep spitting out the same crap, people hear it enough and they start believing it.
They just accepted because, like, more than two people said.
He jumped into the garbage thing.
Yeah.
He was in the thing and then Danero was looking around.
He sees that thing, like, spitting around and he looks in the back and there's, like, all these zits popping out of it.
No one shoots himself and he jumped in and I don't get it.
Yeah, that would be a little tough.
But anyway, on an inside edition thing, I watched it yesterday.
And it's so funny to cops that all of them have the same answers.
It's your word against mine.
Yeah.
And have a nice day.
Have a nice day.
Get off my property and discuss it and ask you all that other stuff.
I mean, you know, 90 miles an hour.
No chance.
There's no chance I was doing that.
Then he had a fat major round page there.
Well, we've had a little investigation going on.
Yeah, some investigation.
In Ott, South, and the best.
Hey, listen, that just burst out what I've been telling you, man.
They got their own set of laws, their own set of rules.
They do whatever you mean.
You see it all the time.
You see them practically.
I was, where the hell was it yesterday?
Some cops come and pull it across the road, like right diagonally across the road.
I don't know where the hell he was going, but he was taking the strawberry shortcut, man.
And he just, you know, cranks it up and cuts across traffic right across the road.
Yeah, their own set of rules.
Yes, that's right.
The rules are different there, sir.
Once you put on the uniform and the badge and that gun, all of a sudden, you be the law, man.
That's right.
Yeah.
And squalor.
All search bags.
Yeah.
And have a good day.
And you too.
1035 at 610 WIOD or Expos A Station for the 90s.
Ticketitis is sweeping South Florida.
When you hear this, you're going to just want to upchuck all over your pants, okay?
Over 8,000 traffic tickets are given out every stinkin' week in Dayton, Broward County alone.
Unbelievable.
Man, talk about having a limp wrist from riding so much are just in general.
Ticketitis gives South Florida one of the highest motor vehicle insurance rates in the country.
But now fight back.
Cure.
Ticketitis.
Cure even the most wicked dose with the ticket defense team, because they're going to send a lawyer to court for you.
They know that law.
I'm telling you.
They did a number for me that was great.
And then a friend of mine who's got like 7,000 tickets just in the last week.
How they managed to get his ass off and straighten it all out and get his license.
He had suspensions here.
They just just straighten it out because they know how to do it for you, okay?
So it's well worth the puny charge for just 99 bucks in court cost, if any.
The ticket defense team goes to court for you to represent you and defend you on all non-criminal traffic tickets and accident cases.
And it's guaranteed.
No points on your license or your money back.
So how the hell can you lose instead of just sitting back and taking it.
Call the ticket defense team next time they mail your ass.
toll free.
It's 1-800-741-Team.
1-800-741-8326 for the ticket.
Defense team.
The opinions expressed in this program are not necessarily those who stand up.
You want to be rich, bossy, but I'm sure this.
20-11 at WIOD on a great Friday.
Where's our soup, man?
Does anybody, uh, I just can't remember which one of those stiffs back there is in charge this time.
And I sure wish I could because we grab a hold of them and beat the truth out of them.
Find out what's going on.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
It's beat to peak to Simone as the sales rep.
Oh, Simone.
Oh, he's out of town. He's out to lunch.
Hello.
Yeah, I was.
I was George that was interrupting you there.
Mr. Carrot.
You want your soul food?
Yeah, stop being such a pan in the ass too.
Yeah, this is the big mouth.
You want to go to the hospital without.
I got to tell you story about the justice system in Browell County.
Oh, God.
This only happens in a room.
Well, it's such a good start to listen to this.
Listen to this, Neil.
It only happens in the comedy.
Yeah.
About three years ago I'm driving home at night.
There's a car sitting on the side of the road training somebody knew.
Hold me over.
We go to court.
You know what he's, he's pleading that I was going maybe one miles an hour on a rim
for a mile and a half.
Yeah.
Right, he's at the west.
So then this is a staricle.
My boy, I'm sitting there waiting.
The judges' sacrifice after a year of continuances.
Judges' sacrifice comes over me.
So are you waiting for hours?
I suggest.
Well, he's in jail.
Now my boy is in jail.
Why?
Contempt the court.
He's wearing jeans and court.
It's great.
I go out and get another lawyer.
My other lawyer comes in.
They declare in this trial.
Wait.
Then two days after the miscar the cop gets thrown in jail for robbing a church.
Right?
Then my new lawyer, a year later...
Look, how are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
This is awful.
What are you saying?
This is awful for a case of beating that cop.
Right.
You were going 90 miles an hour on the ramp.
On a rim.
On a rim.
Right.
You were rimming 90 miles an hour.
Right.
Go from mile and a half.
Right.
The cop that arrest me gets arrested for robbing a church.
Yeah.
And they declare a miscar.
Right.
We go back to court with my new lawyer, the cop's out of jail.
Is this the not with the jeans or with the address?
This is the second lawyer.
Yeah.
He brings a monkey to jail to court with him.
He gets thrown in jail for bringing a monkey with him.
You probably read about it.
No.
Well, anyone...
Can I say that I have?
Well, you missed a good thing.
Yeah.
Anyway, let me ask you something else about a house.
Let's get off that.
That's boring.
Now, why did you go through all that time?
Then you said, let's get off at its boring.
Of course it was boring.
Deal.
You know how many...
We just lost like 75,000 people, why do you want to boring them?
You know how many plants are blood they take from you in the hospital.
I can't imagine.
And when they go...
Courts.
When they go to take the talons.
When they go to take the talons.
Leaders.
All they do is push the hypodermic bin or a little drop comes out.
They slide it on the slide.
Yeah.
Close up the slide and take it with them.
Yeah.
That's all they want that all that blood for.
And they drink the rest.
Right.
Because there are a bunch of blood suckers is what they are, okay?
Vampire is...
Right.
And you too, a call us again some year when we're really desperate.
1043 at WIOD.
I mean, this thing about Mike Lyons on Zeta.
Does anybody really care?
I mean, Mike's a really boring guy with a terrible voice.
But I mean, does anybody care?
Like I said, the condition of radio in his town is like in the critical stages.
Like an intensive care.
It'd be bad, man.
It is bad.
We do have an open line in Broward 524WIOD.
So Pete D. Simone, our new sales stiff person, is out of town on the one day when...
Well, it'll be a good excuse then Jeff Clark can run around the hall and say,
they're not coming out, they're not coming.
Tell them to shut his big fat mouth.
Or, as he said the last time, where the hell is my thing here, by the way?
Didn't he say in the hallway last time, tell them to shut the...
Up, did he say that?
Yeah.
Tell him to shut the...
Up.
Is what he said.
And then he came in here and sucked around for 20 minutes to try to cover up his tracks like he always does.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can you name two people that were shot in the back of the head in theaters?
UGA and Muga.
1044WIOD.
Let's go to...
I mean, that was going to be such a bad joke.
Okay, the first one was like in the second one,
whoever was sitting in front of Peewee Hermann.
I know.
Here's Captain Mike.
Hello.
Yes.
Captain Mike here.
Yeah.
What's going on?
UGA Muga.
UGA Muga, we're out in the ocean again.
No, not UGA, Bougers here, that's disgusting.
Well, we're sorry about that, but then we got one Benita.
Our wives are at home and call us, bring us a tank.
Yeah, one Benita?
Yeah, one Benita.
So who cares?
Oh, well...
Fishing is for nose-picking, Drunks is what that is.
Oh, come on.
You got to go fishing with this one.
I don't want to go fishing.
Fishing is for Yahoo's.
We call you every Friday from the ocean.
Yeah.
We don't work Friday.
So?
We're in the insurance business.
Yeah.
And our wives are...
Oh, you're in the insurance business, isn't that nice?
How about all your people out there who desperately need your help?
What is it like Fridays to day off in their lives?
No, there's a lot of stress in our business that way we have a 1-800 number.
Right, that's gonna be good.
Very good.
What are you up to?
What?
What are you up to?
What does that mean?
What am I up to?
What kind of a moronic?
Hey.
Unanswerable question.
What am I up to?
Hey.
I'm up to about 1045 is what I'm up to.
Hey, what are the wide...
Here's that Hershey syrup again.
I can't believe that they're doing this again.
Hershey syrup on plain vanilla ice cream.
What do you have for lunch today?
That is so goryeshap.
God, I just can't believe it.
Even the Pope will be embarrassed today.
Hey, I'm serious.
It's just...
It's just so lacking in any kind of class or anything.
Nioh.
Yeah.
What do you have for lunch today?
Uga Buga.
1045 at WIOD.
We have an open line on the star line.
It's star IOD if you have Bell Sock mobility.
And of course that great out of town line, 1-800-944-9463.
Boy, do we have some shocking developments coming up next week?
But that's what I'm saying about that.
Miami, hello.
Good day, Nioh.
Good day.
Listen.
Yes.
I know you always complain about the...
But your job is not...
Not me, sir.
I have no complaints on the happiest guy in town.
I'm just Mr. Happiness.
Yeah, and what Joe said before our is too long.
And I agree with you 100%.
If I had a dime for every time that I wanted my ex girlfriend to just shut up,
I'd have her on a dollar right now.
Right.
Because after I took 10s, I'd forget it.
You'd have probably about like a hundred million dollars about now.
No, I just told her that I did.
That's it.
That's my ex.
Oh, I see.
Oh, couldn't take it.
Couldn't take it.
Too bad.
Probably even... probably one of those women, even during the act, would never shut up.
Yeah, probably that too.
Yeah.
Oh, you mean you don't know?
Yeah, you remember on the long drive to Orlando?
Yeah.
Oh, my goodness.
Yeah.
I couldn't believe it.
Papa, papa, papa, papa.
And he goes on and on and on.
Mm-hmm.
Nasty, nasty.
You could pick her up at Renta Yenta.
Yeah, I want to call for an handle.
Yes.
A major pickup drug driving.
Courier.
Mickey's big mouth drinking.
Doosbag.
Okay.
Thank you.
See ya.
Ten forty six.
Oh, at WIOD, we have an open line on our out of town line.
Tool free, of course.
Boy, at 1-800-944-9463.
Don't forget tomorrow 11-1, 11-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1
You've never seen it before, you know what I'm talking about because they have just tons of stuff all right out there, everything you can imagine
Benson's floor is number one photographic discount stores are slashing prices on everything photographic from camcorders to cameras, bigs, lenses, lights, tripods, video accessories, and much more
Factory reps from Sony, Minolta, Pentax, Samsung, and lots more will be at both Benson's stores demonstrating the very latest in photo and video equipment today and tomorrow
And check this out, Sony has a new color video printer and Benson's camera and video is making pictures for you from your 8-millimeter video tape free
So bring your 8-millimeter video tape to Benson's today or tomorrow they'll make you a free print in just a matter of minutes
Check out Benson's ad in today's Harold, it's a big deal every summer man for people who are into photography because he just can't give better deals than this
Benson's camera and video is annual tent sale blowout going on today and tomorrow in date County just six blocks out of the falls on U.S.1 and in Broward right across from the Broward Mall in the plantation community plaza, Benson's camera and video
Hey man, how you doing?
Hey, if you've been riding around your low-rather cushion for Benson's day, you probably feel hungry right about now right?
So let's go and do, go home where you're going to wash your hair, keep your elbows on the table, say peace and thank you
You don't gotta do that, come see us cause we're Nacho Mama!
The new self-service Mexican Reson!
Excuse me, I'd like to conquist the door special
Hey man, you can't tease whatever you want because I ain't gonna get it for you, we're not your mama
Let your mama, serve another bath up, anything you want, it's not a sugar bug and make it yourself
Hey, where you going? I'm gonna go pick that up for you, wash those dishes man
So for Tex Max with more respect, is not your mama?
Do it yourself, we're not your mama
By the way, what the hell ever, I was gonna play your mama, just like two, three, four, five, seven, eight, ten minutes of it but it seemed to disappear
10.52 at WYOD, they probably pulled it out for the morning show, let's go to Boka, hello?
Neil, how are you? Great!
Don't buy a house!
WYOD, the Neil Rogers show!
I'll be seeing you, everything that's life and game
This is the Neil Rogers 1-2-O, you got a problem with that snap ahead, OOOH!
I used to work for the corporation, and everything was so right
And one day the boss sent me away, out to the colonel tonight, Leo
Now I got no work, Leo, I feel like a jerk, Leo
Said it is the other born into life
I hate the best of the situation, that's what the president will say
Well, it's the bush, I can stay inside my shoes for what you mean in days, Leo
Now I haven't let a job, Leo, I feel like a strong, Leo
Said it is the other born into life
Leo, I beg you, don't say, Leo, no more macaroni and cheese, Leo
I've been standing in the street for the night, Leo, I don't know what to do, Leo, you got to be the school, Leo, Leo
107-WYOD, it's our mammoth, gigantic, and the mediocre 1-2-O on a Friday, we got Rick and Pud coming along at 2
Miami, hello?
Yeah, yes sir
Neil, I have an answer to your Benetton question
Okay, George was just asking the same question during the news, like I'm supposed to know the answer, I haven't even seen the billboard yet
Well, I've seen it, there's one out on Flagler in Lejeune
I was in Europe when this ad campaign came out from Benetton
And the papers over there were talking about it because it's controversial in the sense that what they're trying to do is to promote issues
For instance, they have one picture of a guy who's dying of AIDS, they're in a hospital bed
And this is like a riot scene somewhere in Yugoslavia or something
They're trying to show that they're aware of cultural, social problems
But the controversy was the fact that they had, we're not putting captions on to tell people what the hell they were
They were just putting the pictures up and saying, look aren't we great that we're aware of this but we're not really giving any money to it
And we're not going to tell you what it is
And that's actually what's happened
That's profound, huh?
Like what does it mean?
It was exactly, and I know what it meant when I saw it, I was, you know, I recognized the ad campaign
But I've had friends with me in the car
But seriously, what does that mean? We're aware of it, but are we doing anything about it?
Or are we just saying, hey, we know we're a hip, we're the paper
Exactly, we're not CNN
We're publicizing ourselves to make us look better and make you want to buy our cheap clothes
Right, we're socially conscious and coming by our stuff
Precisely
Well, is it accurate?
Yeah, so that's all it means
Well, I'm socially conscious too, okay, so send me a lot of money
I have another thing to say, I missed this lady who called in this morning this douchebag
Oh, she was the all-time best
She started out by, we were talking about Batman
And a couple of weeks ago, I made a comment that there are a lot of in certain circles
It is widely believed, especially with interviews with a guy who created the cartoon
That Batman and Robin, the whole thing was like, and then of course some of their homophobes got all excited about it
But it was a campy thing and that they were like two gay swishes
were running around with capes and leotards on
And it was like a fantasy, it was like a gay fantasy
Yeah
And there are a lot of people who believe that
Well, she became so incensed and said, see if that kind of stuff is what the all-supermoralist spread around
They're going to start censoring the comic books
And then she went from that from the discussion of Batman and Robin, which quite frankly, who cares since it's a cartoon anyway
Right
It's fiction, so you can make a meme whatever you want it to
And she went from that into how come it is that I seem to think that everyone is gay
All males are gay
I said, where do you come up with that?
She says, well like Bobby Sherman, he's been married all these times and then David Cassidy
And she just got all psychotic
I said to her, did it ever tell you that anybody might be gay except me and Truman Capote
And she just got all psychotic and defensive
And then she started getting upset about her own power
Terrone Power was one of the most notoriously gay actors in the history of Hollywood
Absolutely
And she don't want to buy into that
And when he finds out about Salminio and James Dean, she's going to kill herself, there's no question about that
Yeah, or go to the Broadway stage
I don't know if this poor bitch knows this but Mary Martin was the biggest dyke that ever walked the stage of Broadway
Really?
Absolutely, Larry Hagman's mother
Bobby damn
Oh come on, everybody
Now let me just tell this poor woman for whom I feel very bad
Yeah
I'm 25 years old
Don't you understand? She can't get any
She's got trouble
But what she doesn't know is that she could be walking down the street and I would guarantee her three out of ten people
She's looking at straight acting normal people, I'm 25
Yeah
I'm considered good looking
Good actor
And I am not out of it
Very well
Oh, okay, I'm not out
And I have a girlfriend
And I just got back from a very successful tour in Europe as a leading man of a 40-member company
Right
My parents don't know
And I don't make it an issue because I want to have a career
But what this woman does know is that she's going to see me in three or four years on television someday
And she's going to go, oh isn't he a nice boy? And she's not going to know the truth
And maybe that's a cop out of my part but I would like to have a career because I want to make some money
But you know what happens when you say that you're gay
Right
And I'm not against it and I'm very active just not out in the open
And it's too bad that people are so close-minded and they think that gay people are so different
Because very sadly you know that they're not
And I feel bad for this woman
But that's why she's sitting there with her aerial flint pictures right now, she's very uptight
Well she needs to get a life
Yeah, she's into fantasy you know, Robin Hood, Batman Robin, she's into that state
Probably got her blow-up dolls right now
Wait till Tom Cruise comes knocking on her door
Well listen have a great weekend
Listen you two now
12 minutes after one at WIOD we have an open line in Dave County 7519463
Tomorrow will be at Brands Mart in the Sawgrass Mills
From 11 in the morning to 1 in the afternoon and the folks from Sony will be there
And they're going to be demonstrating this amazing little gadget that is small enough to fit in the palm of your hand and gives you hours of pleasure and fun
It's called the Sony dated Discman, it's an electronic book reader
That's capable of displaying thousands of pages of text and graphic stored on a removable disc
And I've had it all week long, I'm telling you you can just sit for hours and did a with it and doodle with it and have a great time
And it's the perfect gift for Father's Day graduation and back to school
The Growers Encyclopedia is included free with every unit that you buy
And all the other discs that are available will give you like a Julian years worth of fun and all kinds of stuff to do like Roger Eberts movie home companion
And the timetable of arts and entertainment and total baseball and passports world travel translator, corporations, European business guide, corporations
Oh, that's Hoover's handbook profiles of over 500 major corporations
Monarch notes international wine guide that just a whole slew of stuff for you to sit and doodle with a reference world of stuff
Right at your fingertips. So come and check it out the people from Sony will be there tomorrow
I hope they're still going to show up and I'll be there from 11 in the morning to 1 in the afternoon
We'll be doing our Camilla South stuff, we'll be drawing for some dolphin tickets, and hurricane tickets
And a good time will be had by all. That's it. The Brandsmart and the Sagaass mill is 11 to 1 tomorrow
Rick St. James in the early
Sally
Get a new ass
Do that song
Just Sally get a new ass song
Yeah
Sally get a new ass
Do that
Do that
Do that song
Yeah
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
He says he's Rick St. James
But he can't even ride
He says he's Rick St. James
But he can't even ride
He says he's Rick St. James
But he can't even ride
He says he's Rick St. James
He says he's Rick St. James
But he can't even ride
He says he's Rick St. James
But he can't even ride
He says he's Rick St. James
But he can't even ride
He says he's Rick St. James
But he can't even ride
He says he's Rick St. James
But he can't even ride
He says he's Rick St. James
Maybe that's what they mean next door when they say that Rick has a feel for the news
118 at WIOD
Plantation
Neal
Yes sir
About this Batman movie I saw last night
And
Listen, listen
Listen, listen I met and turned and usedgers.
The PenguinThis movie looks extraordinary
Really?
Oh, you know who that guy is?
That's the Brady Buncha guy
We have an open line and Roller's 5249-463
West Palm Beach
for all the
he reduces war and all the faulty weight
i think i tonight
he's this
mister
for before that
the
uh... i don't get it
let's go to my mishorist hello
yeah not to be the dead horse but who is that old man think he is in the
morning
the old uh... you mean the possum
you know by your mind to be a little bit of a coach that i have that you
could like to go underneath his back
and i'm out of vodka
and go out of the book of the
that's it
and listen i'd say i'm probably just move here from the york about a year ago
the only thing i miss about new york is how it turns around sir i'm all i'm
vote in ten votes for howard in the morning
howard now he gets a bad route the guy's intelligent guy
right
he knows what's going on in the community
it was as a fetish for lesbians that's all they can't help himself
if lesbians get ratings that way always right
and it seems to work because he's a girl like a weed
and that's it but the choice between howard and microtnery there's no choice
and with a lead in like i mean you're the only semblance
of some type of listenable radio what do you mean by that the only semblance now
that is that's got to be one of the most underhanded backsliding uh...
finger uh... scratching compliments
let me tell you you're good you do an amazing job what you have to say the difference between you
and howard if you're interested in is that this is the more that he's in new york
now it's he's got more people on the radio than just you
he can't get a morning show he's got like he's got three writers and he's got point
here he's got robbin he's got the al luiz he's a
and he's doing a show in new york where there are actually some people you might want to talk to
some time
the example of this time you want to talk to you
joker sense there you go
but you know you can't get on the phone either
but for but i think i'll take care of it as well as you do by yourself on the phone
exactly there you go see it's a lot
to just but i bet that just me off this morning you know what's he doing a tell
they had their telepolis like the lamest thing and what they got to tell a poll in the orifice challenge
and the a nose picking challenge and the birthday list and i mean it's just it's incredible
and what the hell is pino the war by the way
and i don't think we can say it on the show
what i got to tell you all the man did to get back in you know get us to the back and leave the hell alone
yeah all right now first time i called i'm talking to you
booga booga okay there we go 21 after one at w i d if it's the last thing the legacy
micrinary will leave in this town before howard comes into the market and takes over our
morning show it's going to be we're going to have everybody in town saying booga booga
hey what's wrong with that man probably we were the more intelligent things you've heard in this
town at a long time we have an open line and brodered five two four and are out of town line
at one eight hundred nine four four and you don't think the possum shot himself in the foot
this morning with that in temperate attack against yours truly in addition to which to do it in
the middle of an absolute technical carnival like they were having where it sounded like that they
were all like in the bermuda triangle seven thousand feet beneath the sea i mean let's get serious
that was just uh it was amazing do we still have that cart by the way oh god if you got a
plate this morning and missed part of our award winning morning show out for the zooms traffic
and weather change new job where do you know that wio my every four water deal in the bombie
oh that was it wow oh god setting new lows in the history of broad chasing twenty two after one
of wio d if you've got that the possum look man if you've got like a skinhead if it looks like
somebody's come along and skeet you like certain morning hosts then hair for the nineties from
chuck alphi areas the way to go it's a totally new concept and hair replacement it's a permanent
non-surgical method that creates the look and feel of your own hair and the best part of it is it
matches your own hair color and texture and the reason i'm laughing is because people like
sam donelson and cousin brucey and some of these other guys with a silly looking like uh mouse colored
wigs forget it here for the nineties is affordable it's priced at just six hundred bucks at
its fully guaranteed only chuck alphi area gives you that unique unconditional no risk guarante
you wear a system for thirty days and if you are completely satisfied with the way you look and
feel and smell then return it for a full refund so you have nothing to risk you're probably
going to look and feel years younger and escape from that possum stage of life for a free
consultation with no obligation call three seven five oh eight oh eight and date three seven five
oh eight oh eight or toll free from anywhere one eight hundred three to one twenty four thirteen
one eight hundred three to one twenty four thirteen and watch for the grand opening of their
brow orifice coming any day chuck alphi arees hair for the nineties
i'm in the barn loft looking at his sash of magazines watching him and his buddies do things
for a cap downstairs oh my god you mean he had like a stack of plowboys
all he paid for it he had took nine stitches oh gee freaking suds this afternoon at two on south
florida's news traffic and weather station news talk radio six ten w i o d
come as you are you for doubt for near banner you thought we're something college
and from that land there's some place will share just like them all my lyrics make no sense at all
off the wall mindless track it's just purple diary
so
and
police
man
The church on you, but we're not our him.
We're much tougher than him.
No, we're not our him.
Amen, tell me where your face is down there.
And you need like that in your region.
It's really stupid.
127 at WIOD.
We're a good grip.
It's...
...a-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Oh, God!
Just one time we're gonna let that go on here.
And that's all it would be too.
Oh, that was just too good to believe.
Well, he sounded convincing to me.
Open line in Broward, 524 WIOD, and 1-N-E-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H
You know what I mean?
I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say
that everyone is straight in what they're doing is the closing
and well they had reaver but they had Kevin B.
Well they should have gotten Kevin Bacon.
Now what about, well he was on for two seconds.
What about his mother, Sarah?
Yeah. We didn't see Sarah.
You miss a lot of people.
Yeah. I wanted to ask you because I was...
It was a bitter disappointment. It was really bad.
Well let's hope they make a better one.
Yeah, someday after next 40 years.
Before I get off the phone, again I want to wish you good health.
Thank you.
And I would like to call Thomas Salkone a douchebag
and say Zagazan, the Bruce and Larry.
Okay. All right.
See you. Bye-bye.
131 at WYOD, Rick and Sput from 2 to 6 this afternoon,
the last great hope for AM radio after 2 o'clock.
I don't know what that means but it's not a kind of interesting.
Let's do Fort Lauderdale on the Star Line.
Hello.
We're at the Thales.
Yeah. How you doing?
Okay.
Feeling better right here?
I'm doing great.
Yeah. I had a boy.
Get a question for you.
You okay?
What happened to your best friend, Stan the man?
My best friend, Stan the man?
Yeah.
Boy, we certainly have elevated his status, haven't we?
Stan the man is doing like a overnight show on,
like about what do they call it?
The Sun Network or something out of Tampa?
Oh, is that right?
And he's on about 45, 50, 60 stations around a country,
not any down here because they know him too well here.
But I mean, he's doing okay.
Oh, that's good.
I don't ever hear you think about it.
Yeah, I speak to Stan.
Yes, I do. I absolutely do.
Yeah, you know, he used to call you from time to time.
I haven't heard him in a while, either.
Yeah.
Also, did I just hear a few minutes back,
you do a hair commercial?
Yes.
Come on.
What is wrong with this picture?
What does that mean?
Well, what about credibility or does the count anymore?
You don't understand because I don't have a lot of hair,
but I'm not interested in that.
I'm an old fart.
I'm a fat old fart.
But there are a lot of people out there,
including younger guys who are not interested
in walking around like a cue ball.
I mean, I may not be loaded with hair,
but I sure don't have the micrenary look.
I'll tell you that.
This is very true.
This is very true.
All right, my friend, take care yourself.
OK.
I mean, I might be doing a proctologist spot someday
pretty soon, too, but you don't have to take it personally,
sir.
132 at WIOD.
We have an open line on the star line.
It's star IOD and one on the other town line.
At what is that number?
1-800.
You know what it is.
You know all the numbers by now.
So don't play games with us.
OK, we're tired of you.
Miami, hello.
Buga, Buga.
Buga, Buga.
Hey, yeah.
Where is my way, man?
Is it Muga, Buga?
Either way, you know.
Is acceptable.
Depends on which phase the moon is in.
Yep.
Hey, how has that my vote?
Yeah.
All right, another thing also.
Can you imagine the numbers we can get with Howard's
turn on the station in the morning?
God.
You don't even need hours.
I'm just getting rid of Mike who boosts the ratings.
I mean, just having like a beep or an emergency.
This is an emergency.
How about if we just have like a, how about if we had an
electronic voice doing the birthday list?
No, they can just say, you know, for the next three and a half
hours or four hours, just on your hearing is not an
actual emergency.
You just put a beep and your ratings will be higher.
Yeah.
OK, Neil, that bitch that called earlier.
Remember, uh, say that.
Yes, I remember.
Yes.
About the one that had to love affair with Tyrone Power.
Yes, you don't want to believe, you know, I got some
names for her.
How about Christian Latener, Danny Ferry, Scotty Pippin,
Hank Goldberg, they are Lou Brothers.
You know, I can keep going on forever.
You know, I was there for some.
Oh, yeah, that's amazing.
Pippin and the are Lou Brothers.
Yeah.
I guess Mike Tracek also, right, Danny Ains.
Right.
Bob Poozy.
This guy, what do you call this guy Jimmy Cephalo?
Right.
No, you can just go on forever, you know, Tony Cigreto.
Hank Goldberg.
By the way, my other mother hates Tony Cigreto like poison.
I forgot to tell you that.
She just despises Tony Cigreto.
Oh, yeah.
OK, Neil, how a good day.
And you too.
Oh, I got another one.
Yeah.
Also another guy got on the list.
There will be my friend from LA.
I will.
OK, well, whatever you say, 26 till 2, a WIOD.
That's 134 in English.
We have an open line in day 7519463751 WIOD.
Oh, God, this Jeff from pizza loft.
The man is wearing me out.
God, he is actually literally wearing me out.
Now this coming Wednesday night, it's the Jeff Cohen birthday
party, the birthday bash.
And you're invited to the pizza trough upstairs.
It's 69th and flagrant in Miami, just east of the Pomato
Expressway.
5 to 10 p.m. I'll be there peddling all our Camille's house stuff.
And we'll have a snapple at half price.
So you can drown your sorrows in gallons and gallons of snapple.
To wash down that great pizza and award winning lasagna and stuffed
shells and manacotti and baked ziti and eggplant parmesan and all
the other great Italian goodies on the menu.
Pizza loft, they've been doing it better than anybody.
But if you're 17 years plus now up there and don't forget the
date, this coming Wednesday, June 24th, 5 to 10 p.m.
Come on up and say hi and bring Jeff lots of gifts and bring lots of
money and bring a hearty appetite.
It's going to be great.
That's the pizza loft upstairs at 69th and flagrant called 2665111.
And don't forget the summertime special at the trough.
Mondays and Tuesdays only in the Near Rogers dining room.
If you buy any entree at the regular price, get a second
entree for half price.
At the world famous pain in the groin pizza loft.
The opinion is expressed from this program and I'm necessarily those
who stand WI of the year.
It's sponsored.
Sixth and WI of the new center time is 512.
Coming up this morning at 10 o'clock, it's Near Rogers.
But before that and much, much, much, much, much, much, much more
importantly, coming up this morning at 530, it's micridaire.
Uga Muga.
I'm talking over this week.
We're really getting a real revelation.
Aren't we about that whole morning crowd?
God.
21 till 2 at WI OD.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
Uh, micridaire, you, I don't know.
Come on, sir.
You can do it.
Oh, yeah.
I didn't hear.
What was that?
I didn't understand any of it, but I think it's probably just as well.
21 till 2 at WI OD.
Something about young girls in the morning crew.
We have an open line in Dade County 751 WI OD.
That was from across the way, Mon.
And I have no idea what the hell he was talking about.
I think that might make two of us.
Too much smoke and a carpeting in that casino pile.
I think that's what might do it.
Sunrise.
Okay.
Have a nice day too.
Dania.
Dania?
Okay.
That's three for three.
Let's go for four.
Let's do east-everglades.
What the hell is that?
Okay.
How about North Miami?
Is this on?
Is this on?
Yeah.
Is this on?
Is it starting to give me a complex?
I thought maybe that's it.
You mean you look complex?
How do you think I feel?
I think we're at that point again with somebody starting to dittle with their phone lines
to her.
I think that's exactly what's going on.
Well I don't think anybody from the morning crew could do it because they're all too propped
by the tank.
It's the word yeah.
Yeah I heard that.
I worked the midnight shift.
So I hear all this kaka like more importantly at 530 if he's awake and sitting up.
That mutual sucking around that goes on in the morning right?
They're all over the hill.
They're all washed up.
It's like a home for wayward old.
I didn't realize that they were so insecure that they all sit around in the morning every
morning on the station trying to convince themselves.
You know what really was the straw that broke their back was when they did the 930 to 10
crap and try to give me to do that to save their flagging numbers in the morning.
Yeah let me ask you questions.
Their numbers are in the toilet from 930 to 10.
9 to 10 yeah.
Okay.
You take the back, take the 930 10 hour for a while.
Yeah sure.
Building back up for a while.
No I'm not I'm not building anything back.
No I do 10 to 2.
This is what happened though.
I see you.
You give them back to 930 to 10 half hour.
Yeah.
And they bring back office challenge.
Yeah that's the best they can do.
I mean is there any and you want and you wonder why they can't get a number in that
9 to 10 hour.
The first one I don't understand to me they could go out on on Kennedy Causeway and
hire a homeless person.
Right.
To read USA today.
Birthday or just say Uga Muga right.
And much more raid.
Since he gets about 3 minutes every hour to say something because of the format I mean
he's easily replaced.
Okay possibly with a test pattern.
Even we need a weather bird.
Yeah.
He's probably no purpose other than breathing oxygen.
Okay.
And I think he's overstayed his welcome now.
Really.
I was pretty in a little on the bed this morning.
Huh?
Getting a little testy here.
Yeah.
Yeah I was really annoyed because you know they'll erase my radios on 610 is because
I was the meal.
Yeah.
And well they can't handle that that morning crew they've been here for 100 years
unchallenged.
They just been going through that whatever it is they do and picking their nose and
you know getting a lot of free wine and crawling around on their hands and knees and
that's it's just been that way.
And I guess that suddenly went at 930 to 10 thing app and it was like a shock to their
system.
Like you mean we're not cutting the mustard we're not cutting the Dijon here anymore.
Well it sounds to me like you was out on the boat this morning and I think Mikey was
feeling his own.
Well don't forget Roger now okay you see Roger is the Ojohn provocateur and when Roger's
across the water way like that far distant away then all of a sudden these starts getting
real playful you know what I'm saying like when you can't look him in the face and he
can't give you that little back candid still in the back.
Don't you get the feeling Roger's put in a position of having to re-suffitate a dead
talent.
No I think Roger is a partly responsible quite frankly but that's another story for
another day.
No I don't know I hate to think it was that but I blame her nearly.
Keep in mind that's Roger who's responsible for no no no no just keep that in mind okay.
Just keep saying that to yourself.
I will yes yes yes.
Okay 143 at WIOD speaking of needing resuscitation look at all of a sudden man we were just smoking
along and then we hit that little glitch when we had three or four in a row there and the
phones are just just dropped off like a like Newark Rally was in a building or something.
Nice call with that Pat Kuryas today boy she a pleasant person.
God.
What a bitch.
Oh when you just go back to your callers and I'll go back to my business here and just
leave me alone.
Oh man perfect Sunset and the employee I mean she fits it over there like a glove.
Broward lines are wide open folks 524 9463524 Ooga Buga.
I think we just ran into that brick wall.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
I need a high done okay listen let me just call home of public.
I was giving you may take off one day and well my my neighbors kid run on the block
toward the school so I guess well God must be late.
I get my truck and I go by and say hey I'll give you right to school.
Yeah.
I just well you know I'm your neighbor neighbor for 12 years.
Yeah.
He says no no no no no I don't know from the audience but back home.
I saw his mother there the day I said something about you know the boy is late late for
school trying to get right.
He says we've got orders not to go with anybody.
Right.
And I thought man I've been your neighbor for 12 years.
I mean you know I got you know I mean.
Oh Neil what are we doing.
That's why you have to consider getting that I don't just Miami or all these warrants
sitting with 20 people on them or something but just kind of nutty.
Too many John Wayne Gacy.
Listen have a good weekend.
See ya.
Talk to you.
God what is he talking I wonder if she wanted to go with it.
145 at WIOD at Open Line and Date County 7519463 751 is a mobile in what Chrome.
Yeah I'm believable.
You just get off the raft or what boy I'll tell you what it's exciting.
That morning show does it for me every morning.
Yeah well I'll tell you one thing if you haven't had a good VM in 2030 years it's right
up your alley selling.
You know let me tell you how pathetic it is.
It's so pathetic that I listen to norm until 9 o'clock.
Oh.
And then I listen to leafs hours for an hour.
How do you like that.
God.
How sick is that.
Talk about making a human sacrifice.
How sick is that.
That is the story.
I listen to leafs hours for one hour to your minute.
Forget about leafs.
The fact that you can listen to norm for more than 10 minutes trying to be a baseball
player and trying to talk to those 900 year old people about his 87 restaurant.
How long norm.
How long norm.
This is this is Lawrence again.
Can I talk about what happened to my dog.
God.
But the scary part of it is that norm takes it seriously.
There's nothing I can seem to be able to say to him to make him understand that it's
like on the very outer limits of broadcasting.
Like just barely touching the edges of reality.
Yeah, but you know what?
It's better than what you got in the morning.
Well, it really is.
It's, you know, and you know the funny thing about it.
I mean, let's get serious.
I think you know Mike might be a talented guy, but how the hell would you know?
Yeah.
Because all this crap in the news 57 times.
Well, it's so tightly structured, man.
If somebody, you know, passes a little extra gas, it's just that's it.
All of a sudden you blink and you realize you like two birthdays behind.
Exactly.
Right.
Okay.
Good luck.
No, no, no, no.
Uga Muga.
146.
That's almost as good as.
Oh, Joe, do, oh, Joe.
See, without Rogers, you know what it reminds me of.
Remember, Roger put that one best of Neil tape together.
The hell those corny sound effect.
That's my thing, my thing, and that's that's Rogers mentality.
That's his that's his level of humor.
It's the Ocho to Ocho Uga Buga mentality.
And there's just not going to change anytime soon.
But he does smile when he looks you in the eye.
Don't touch that dial.
Coming up this afternoon at two.
It's Rick Riley and Sons Coleman.
I'll join us then for Rick and Sons.
Somebody why you see.
I think your radio station is very crappy.
151 and W.I.O.D. a mobile in Miami.
Hey, Vinnie, how you doing?
Listen, enjoying the show.
Uh, Vinnie is too boring to talk about.
Yeah.
Why are we wasting so much time on Muga Buga today?
It seems like he opened up a hornet's nest today, sir.
I can't stand it.
Yeah.
Please, listen, the other thing you mentioned a dog food that got ready, a dog.
Cherry coconut can, sir.
That's the one.
Any day that anniversary is coming back.
20th birthday.
Cherry coconut can.
Wither without caffeine.
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
Come and get it.
Come and get it.
That's it.
Appreciate it.
I'm a dog's man.
It's, I'm telling you, even you'll like it.
Have a good one.
I appreciate it.
Okay.
152 at W.I.O.D.
In fact, somebody, who the hell was it told me that they tried come and get it and that
was at a call we had on the air.
And within eight days, their dog didn't have any more fleas and her skin was like smooth
and their coat was like beautiful and their dogs were like lapping their private parts
and it was just incredible.
So if you want a nice friendly obedient dog like that woman at Calderley, that's real
lonely.
Hey, there's a start.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I got a little pig report for you.
Yes.
Fort St. Louis, those airplanes are flying nonstop.
The pigs in the sky.
And they're there.
I drive up to Lakeland every week.
They got me twice.
They had like 30 cop cars out there stopping everybody.
They got me doing 71 and a 65.
Well, that's not bad when they're doing 95 on their way home through residential neighborhood.
I asked the guys, can't you give me a break?
You know, he says you got a radar to take it.
Can't do it, pal.
He can't do it.
He works.
Yeah.
Whenever anyone's going by, Fort St. Louis, don't speed.
OK.
And one other thing, Neil.
Yeah.
Rick and Saj, I enjoy their show, but their whole show is like your 930 to 10.
It's either a commercial traffic or a weather break.
Right.
I can't take you.
Yeah.
Give them a show.
Lucid up a little bit and stop just because all they want to do is horror the radio station.
Don't you understand these companies?
All they want is to squeeze as much money out of it as it's like trying to squeeze blood
out of a dish rag.
You don't want them to do it.
You don't want them to do it to you.
Damn right.
Man, it's miserable.
And we'll be right back after these words.
OK.
153.
Yeah.
I got news for you, sir.
Although when I first came here, this, even this day part was structured like a nightmare.
They had breaks that ran five minutes.
We had Rick Weaver picking his nose at the middle of the new hour.
We had Paul Harvey on for 50.
It was like a day mirror.
It was pathetic because what the people in this station know about formatting around
anything is like non-existent.
What they know about anything.
Oh, there he goes.
I'm management again, though.
Did you hear Disney's grandma calling this morning on that telephone?
What up?
Geez.
Lady and Fort Lauderdale.
Neil.
Yes.
This is when I called you the other day.
Hi, Lynn.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
Feeling better?
I'm feeling very well.
Thank you so much, Lynn.
I feel it pretty good.
That's great.
I'm going to see you tomorrow at Sawgrass North Mall.
Great.
At the BrandsMart in Sawgrass, 11 to 1, you'll see Adam there.
Adam will give you a little squeeze and a hug.
OK, great.
In fact, Adam is muscling in on this girl from England that they had on.
Do you hear that yesterday with Rick and Sut?
Yes, sure.
And he's going to pick her up at the airport in Orlando and give her a ride
and bring her back as well.
That's sweet.
That's real sweet.
See you tomorrow at Sawgrass North Mall with your book.
Great.
All right.
Have a great day.
Thanks.
Bye, Lynn.
155.
I heard that.
You're such a letch.
You're so, you know, just reaching out for all these anything with a skirt on, man.
Here's Daniel.
Neil.
Yes.
Hi.
Have a quick, quick something to read to you.
Seven students at Episcopal High School in Jacksonville, Florida were suspended for
quote, considering trying drugs.
Quote, we felt.
They were thinking, and they were thinking about it.
The thought police, Ted, was right.
Unbelievable.
They were thinking about it.
And the master said quote,
Elvin Detach was his name.
Quote, we felt they were close enough to the edge of the water.
I think you'd give him a fair warning.
Yeah.
Oh, yes.
Unbelievable.
And I bet you they're very grateful for it too.
What are they going to be doing next?
That and the guy earlier that said that.
