Music
News Talk Radio 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To get in touch and talk with Neil Dyle 751 WIOD from day.
Inbrouwered it's 524 WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code, toll free 1-800-944 WIOD.
And Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest's host or callers are not necessarily those of this station.
Now here's Neil Rogers on News Talk Radio 610 WIOD.
Hi, this is Sonny Fox. I listen to Neil Rogers because I can hear the word asshole.
506 at WIOD we have a nice lady in Sarasota.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes.
Do you have to use that vulgar language on T's on radio?
Yes.
Why?
Because I feel like it.
It's not that we don't use any vulgar language, ma'am.
That is absolutely sick.
What?
And I want to tell you something.
Well, are you going to tell me something?
For your information of you who don't use language like that.
Yes, you do.
No, we don't.
Yes, you do. You've heard it all.
Can I ask you something?
Can I ask you something?
Can I ask you something?
Well, how about if I ask you something for a few more time?
I want to ask you something.
Oh, in some other words, when you make the call, it's like a one-way conversation.
My polite lady friend.
How about if I ask you a question?
All right, ask me.
How long have you been listening this morning?
All morning.
Well, why all morning?
Well, how can you have it?
Well, wait a minute.
Let's have a conversation.
Okay, let's try.
Now, if you're so offended, why haven't you shut it off yet?
Well, because I wanted to really be sure and I decided to make this call.
And this is going to be it.
Be sure what?
Let me ask you something.
Well, in other words, after the call, you're going to turn it off.
Let me ask you something.
Are you going to turn it off?
Oh!
Did that bitch hang up?
I mean, did that nice lady in Sarasota hang up?
We seem to be hung up on Sarasota.
Now, as I recall, when I worked there back in 1973, there were like two or three people.
There were the IQ bigger than their shoe size.
But they're probably all dead by now, huh?
Or close to it.
She sounds like she's getting real close.
I was riding on a train to Austin, Texas.
Oh, and a very lovely lady to send next to mine.
When she got a picket, I was just a bite, but hold her sight.
I was more than happy too.
And now there's more I'd like to do.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet nothings in her ear.
I want to hold her behind closed doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
When she returned, she said she was an actress.
She showed me an album of pictures of her opening,
when she'd been sitting on.
She seemed to swear she could be,
but I could clearly see she was the kind of girl
whose domain's hearts has been wrecked on.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet nothings in her ear.
I want to hold her behind closed doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
Well, I'll never forget the train ride down to Austin.
We're saying you're the sweet and we shared our tales.
But as my heart tries to leave her behind,
regrets are all I find,
because I hope that could get that girl in the end.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet nothings in her ear.
I want to hold her behind closed doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
It's time for the tour.
A Mitsuhiti Archie engineer was telling me that S.U.N.
Cycle goes up across the Gulf all the way up into Tallahassee.
He said, in the middle of the day,
you can like a local.
It just booms in there.
So if the governor is listening,
man, the pro-zac supplies in the mail.
God, can you imagine?
Talk about nose pickers in Tallahassee in the panhandle?
God!
Here's Arcadia.
And Nail.
Talk about bringing some sanity back to our show, yes sir.
Yes, almost a tree, huh?
Yeah.
Hey, I want to give you a little spy report on Rush Limbo.
Good. There we go.
You ask, can you give it?
Yeah, there you go.
He comes out in FLA at one o'clock after...
Now, let me ask you, does he wear like that body arm band
that hold that big swastika of the body band?
I don't know.
I've always seen him on TV, one of those commercials on TV.
Yeah, you got to have a big screen to see him.
You got to have something big to listen to him.
Yeah.
And it's not a brain either.
Yeah, that's right.
That's right.
So what time is he on?
One to what?
One to four, I believe.
Oh, God.
Three hours of that Heinrich Himmler crap?
Yeah.
And then Lionel comes on and that's about idiotic radio.
Yeah.
Well, so what have they got on here?
All I'd like right wing slime ball stuff?
Is that all they got?
Well, they got Mark Larson.
Oh, yeah.
What do you want to call it?
He's their token like a liberal, right?
Yeah, his Loucott, the ideal world, no compassion.
Yeah.
And they got a real entertaining.
They got one?
Sir.
Yes?
J. Mervin.
Yeah, I heard about him.
Yeah, I heard he's like a disciple of that right wing.
And I heard he talks about me all the time.
He hates me like poison.
Well, he's not like that.
And I've never even met him yet.
He's another one.
Another one.
Yeah.
Okay.
You only Jew on the West Coast.
He's a Jew and a right winger?
He's probably a he's proud of it.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, keep up the good work.
Hey, listen, we're going to check for sure and find out.
You know what I'm saying?
And we finally got some good radio up here.
Thanks a lot, buddy.
Yeah, bye-bye.
Yeah, they're piping us right into arcadeio, by the way.
Probably it's past noon on 610 News Talk Radio, W-I-O-D.
Well, that wasn't right.
Okay.
I had all the right words and not the right order, George.
God, we got to give a little cue to our friends up there.
They're a little slow.
And what is it?
News Talk, whatever it is.
Tonight at 6, it's Sports Talk 6 Gens.
How Ford is most listened to's board show.
News Talk Radio 6, Tim.
Tim, would you want your team?
Ben, Ben, Bites.
O.
When you were a child, your mother told you to clean your plate
because there were people starving in India.
You always wondered what good it would do.
The fact is, it makes those starving people feel a whole lot better
to know that you're not letting food go to waste.
Food that they could eat.
The clean plate notification bureau can help.
Every time you clean your plate,
the clean plate notification bureau will let a starving family know about it.
Just imagine the smiles on their grimy, gong faces
when they hear you've eaten all your dinner.
Oh, can you round everybody?
It's a letter from the clean plate notification bureau.
Oh, what did it say?
It's just little to be Christmas.
And can you know how clean these plates every night last week?
Even the people.
Oh, I think they thought I had me.
Oh, look, they sent the clean plate.
I even think it.
You make sure it's clean all the way.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
It's just funny, the plate.
You and the clean plate notification bureau can do a world of good.
A third world of good.
1217 to WIOD on a momentous Monday man,
a day that just kind of makes you twitch inside.
Here's a lady in Sebastian.
Oh, yay.
Yay.
How you doing?
So excited.
We were sitting up here looking over the beach and we heard you on the radio.
And it was like, yeah, absolutely excellent.
It was like, yes?
Yeah, it was like, yes.
You know, made the day perfect.
Well, that's great.
Yeah.
Like, yeah.
Like, wow.
Like, wow.
Like, holy crap.
Well, I don't want to get that old bitch in Sarasota.
So all of a, she turned it off already, right?
We can have a good time now.
She tuned it out.
Well, I love the guy.
She's busy taking her peanut butter animal now.
I love the guy that was threatening you.
I thought, oh, my God, I thought Hitler's son was dead.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was the Joseph Gerbels Jr. by the way.
Anyway, you're making me smile when it's wonderful.
Well, that's what it's all about.
I know, and I really appreciate it.
You can't have a little smile in your piles.
Then what the hell's it where you know, these people with no sense of humor that are so
uptight and are so psychotic just relax.
My God.
50 million years from now, who's going to give a damn about any of this, right?
Well, yeah.
And I wanted to tell you too, you know, when you were talking about the governor.
Yeah.
Well, down here we call him the Prince of Prozac.
Yeah.
Down here we call him a brain dead asshole is what we call him.
We do.
He's pathetic.
Oh, we don't want gambling.
We don't want this.
We don't want it.
We just want all your money.
That's all we want.
Let's close up the schools.
Let's, I mean, this guy is incredible.
He is, and well, I happen to be a teacher and he really isn't.
What a Yahoo!
Governor Bumpkin, man.
Yeah.
We should have seen him coming.
Well, I think we did, but, you know, everybody just thought it wouldn't exist.
Yeah.
Anyway, I wonder.
One good thing I love about politics in America is we always get real good choices, you know.
That's my favorite part, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, listen.
Well, listen.
Have a great day.
Okay, listen, and thanks very much.
You made my heart pound.
You gave me a little bit of a, we were body ratchets.
Just excellent.
Don't say rush.
Have a great day.
Okay, thanks.
Bye-bye.
1219 at WIOD.
We have an open line in dayed 751.
The out of town line is just waiting on you now, baby.
We're waiting on you.
Toil-free.
That means we pay.
We pay for you to call us and say something.
Nice or say something nasty.
How do you like that?
What an offer that is.
When somebody else is going to pay for your insolence and disgusting diet tribes,
what, how can you get an offer like that except a company owned by a bunch of dummies?
1-800-944-WIOD.
1-800-944-WIOD.
Yeah, hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I'm in Central Florida.
They call Watchula.
Watchula, I know that.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I'll just go up and back.
I'll go and call spring, then go to back.
And I turn the radio and I always get a set on 610.
You must have just about driven right into the thing, huh?
I pulled over.
I'm at some Bristol Yahoo store here.
Yeah.
And I called you.
I can believe it.
It's just amazing, isn't it?
Today, Florida, tomorrow, the world.
I heard that bitch from Sarah Soda.
Yeah.
I mean, I mean, I had a...
She's a little upset her bag dried up.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, I just set the stop and call you before I just couldn't believe it.
Well, get the hell out of that place.
That's my best device.
All right.
Yeah.
Have a great trip.
Call to say, you know, unbelievable.
Okay.
All right.
Take care.
See ya.
Unbelievable.
From La Chula to Inverness.
From Immaculate to Englewood.
From like the Bowls on Dale Maybury.
Can I ask a stupid question?
I don't want to suggest that some of the powers that be over there on the West Coast are as stupid as our people down here.
How can Dale Maybury, you know, when you're on the expressway down there?
And the sign says, east and west.
And under the...
It says like east, southbound, west, northbound.
How can it...
First of all, it's a road that goes north and south.
You know Dale Maybury in Tampa?
It's like one of the main drags of St. Amazon and out west there.
And like, it goes north and south.
See it? I just said out west because I got sucked into the same mentality.
How can it say east and west on the signs?
And on the same signs, it says northbound and southbound.
1221 on News Talk.
Radio 610, WIOD.
There's plenty of baseball action this weekend right here.
Join us Saturday and Sunday for the best American and National League game.
WIOD.
I have no cavities. I have no teeth.
1225 at WIOD.
A lot of people, we were asking during the break, some of us in the hallway, some of us degenerates.
How come they have like steak and shake and burn steakhouse?
And a lot of great eating places over there that we don't have here.
They're not steak and shakes over here.
And the reason being that most of the people in this part of the state have their teeth in a glass.
So when your customers are going to come in and gum the food, it doesn't need to be like that.
Okay?
Anyway, I have a cart that I've been threatening to play if I ever got a hold of it.
But needless to say, was never going to get it from inside the building.
Number one, requested piece of material the last two weeks, the call I made from the hospital to Rick and Suds.
And one of our great listeners, K by Brands Mart Saturday, headed on cassette and, you know, our listening audience is so far ahead of the inside here.
It's like day and night.
And so when you listen now for the benefit of the new audience, I was in, I had that laparoscopic gallbladder surgery that's supposed to be a snap and you're in one day and you're out there.
All this other crap and these butchers, man, these butchers of medicine.
The same people, you notice by the way who are who never are at the forefront like the thing about MSG on 60 minutes last night.
Where are the doctors on that?
Oh, hey, we don't have time for food poisons.
We're too busy with drugs.
Okay, we're too busy writing prescriptions like for the governor.
And when you hear the sound quality of my voice on this call, you don't even, it doesn't take a proctologist to figure out that I felt like I was moments away from death.
Hello.
He's in right now while he's still alive.
I was just going to talk about you.
I don't have time to wait, okay?
I know you talk.
And this is like, yeah, and I am appealing to anybody out there who's got any ounce of insanity left in their body, something has got to be done.
And I'm not being meldramatic or cute to get me on.
I'm in Mount Sinai Hospital on the beach and I'm telling you that I'm never going to get out of this place alive.
Now for those who are missing, like a joke, yeah.
This ain't no joke, okay?
This is a joke about things like your health.
And these people are going to kill me.
I have never been through an experience like this.
I remember Bobby's to with the photographer from the herald years ago.
Yeah.
Who went into a local hospital for a very minor thing.
He didn't come out alive either.
And I keep thinking about that because this place is an insane asylum.
I have a physician who performed a surgery who thinks he's real cute and real flip.
And I can't get old because he's too busy making money doing other surgeries.
And I can't get an answer out of anybody in here.
And they keep coming up with wilder and wilder stories about pulmonary blood clots and about this and that and about internal bleeding.
Nobody has got an answer from anything in here.
Anybody that goes, I remember when I used to have Bob Mendelssohn on all the time,
who by the way, they also killed, he's dead.
Now, seriously, remember, he's talking about Mendelssohn.
He's talking about his uncle killed him.
You sound terrible.
And he's saying, don't go and I don't ever allow yourself to be in a hospital alone because you have to have somebody to fight for you.
And my good fat friend who is the one who advised me about what a great piece of cake the surgery was.
And a par of e-Juniors listening by the way, you're right, Olive Orleans lemon juice would have been a lot better than this.
Even if I stuck it up my butt.
Do you know how many stows you had?
That's not important.
I know.
I know.
I have to get over it in the younger.
The younger is the important because that's the doctor that I can't seem to get a hold of.
If I could tell your audience the stories of what's going on here since Friday, they would...
I'll try to. They blow their brains out right now.
Because if I had a gun here, I would do it.
And I'm not... I've been saying since Friday evening I will never get out of this place alive.
And I really believe that.
I have to hunger calling.
Oh, Dr. Runger is that. Maybe we ought to do it on the ear.
Wow.
All right, I'll get back...
All right.
Okay. Good luck.
I'll get back to you, Diana.
You talk about a way to get some fast service boy.
You notice how quick the doctor was on the phone?
And all of a sudden within the next 20 minutes there were all these PR people.
They were lined up for 20 city blocks.
Oh, hey, Mr. Rogers, how you doing?
I'm Mr. Joe PR and this is Suzy PR.
Yeah.
God.
How you doing?
I kept saying to everyone, I'm never getting out of this place alive.
And you can... What a sound in that voice, huh?
Was I like full of energy?
And the smell of fear and death?
You can smell it right over the radio.
Cooper City.
Yes. Welcome back, Neil. Good to...
Yes, sir.
I fooled him. Didn't I? I got out alive. How do you like that?
Right. When I came out here a few years ago, the headlines in the local tabloid paper was,
the Jew comes to Cooper City.
Right.
I know how they feel in service, so...
Oh, yeah. Wait till you see the Jew coming to Davey next week, man.
Right now, on horseback, like, Paul Reweer.
A couple of things I heard over the weekend.
I thought you'd kind of be interested, kind of,
go along with your supportive police or fascist state that we're in.
Yes.
I don't know about how reliable a source is, but approximately 25% of the workforce
is in some way shaped or form connected with the judicial system.
Yes.
And the other statement was that there are no black senators.
I don't know.
There's any correlation here.
Yeah.
But are you...
Well, I'll push you away that there are no black senators.
And...
And Chuck's a baseball fan.
Remember the Washington senators? I remember like...
What you're talking about?
Yes, your meal was white.
And Wayne Terwilliger was white.
And Camilla Pussquall and Pedro Ramos did a couple like token hispanics on there.
But no blacks, I don't think I'd have watched in senators.
No, no.
Right.
But I would like to know what kind of fight did Carl Lewis have with his boyfriend this past weekend?
Carl Lewis?
Yes.
He didn't make the Olympic...
Oh, he didn't make it?
No.
Oh, the ship it must not have come in yet.
The ship it must have had to come in?
Yeah.
Well, I was...
I thought that was kind of quite surprising.
And of course, it was a pretty strong rumor locally that how it's turned six to ten hour.
Yeah.
And I'm pumping that, man.
Pumping that.
And I'd like to call my wife...
In fact, Connie Francis and Carl Lewis are making a new one.
It's called Where the Roids Are.
Yes.
And I'd like to call my wife Sherry on Major Duce Pegg.
Okay.
And good to have you back.
And happy circus.
That's same to you.
Okay.
1231 at WIOD.
We have an open line.
How come we haven't had it from like a whole bunch of Jewish people on a West Coast yet?
Huh?
Have they kicked them all out?
No, I remember when I was in Sarasota.
There were a few of my pizons over there, huh?
One or two?
Come on.
Two or three?
Seabring.
Yes, how you doing, Neil?
Fine business.
Fine business.
Johnny Meater.
No!
No!
You're absolutely right.
Are you cereal?
I was just...
I just mentioned your name within the last thirty minutes.
You won't believe that.
Is that right?
You won't believe what I said either.
No, you're just right.
No, because our chief engineer was here.
He told me about where SUN is.
And I said, you know, an old friend of mine, John Meater took me out there one time years ago,
and we drove to the end of the pier.
You remember where it was?
Oh, yeah.
We were in the old million dollar pier.
Oh, that's not there anymore?
No.
They replaced it now with, I don't know what.
Like a new million dollar.
That was one of your favorite Jewish people on it.
Who was that?
High-evidence.
I don't remember that.
Oh, you have a much better memory for all that old crap.
You probably start talking about Wayne Wright.
Well, you know, our good one.
And who else?
Alice Short Scurts.
Rally Short Scurts.
Let's go back to Immarshall Michigan.
Man, those were the good days.
Yeah.
We had a lot of fun, didn't we?
We sure did.
Yeah.
Didn't make any money, but we sure had a lot of home.
We used to have dinner at wind shulers, there we go.
Oh, God was that a great guy.
Yeah, my wife Sharon used to feed us once in a while.
Your ex-wife Sharon used to feed us?
Yes.
She listens to everyone once in a while.
Where is she?
She's still in West Palm Beach.
Well, what do you owe in West Palm Beach?
That's right.
You were at WIRK.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a John Metre,
one of the great stars of radio
and like some of the smallest markets in history.
Seabring, Florida, and Marshall Michigan,
and LLB at Michigan.
Wait a minute.
Now you're in West Palm Beach.
You're on WS.
You are in St. Pete.
Right.
That's what I was at.
That's what I was at.
That's what I was at.
Great station.
Did you know that they're signal now that they get up to Tallahassee
and a two egg and Perry and LLB?
I think that's why I was there.
They did?
Oh yeah, absolutely.
Didn't help he did a John.
Hey, man.
Don't put Seabring down.
This is a beautiful place.
I love it here.
We had like two other calls from Seabring already this morning.
Well, you had some from Wanchula and Arcadia,
which you know the radio station I worked for.
It's signal covers that.
And what was it?
I can't keep up.
What was the other one?
There are two stations here.
Our AM is all talked.
We have your favorite person on right now.
Rush Limbaugh.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Heinrich and Drag.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was all hard.
Yeah, right.
Our AM is talked 24 hours a day.
We were just sitting here deciding
should we put Neorodgers on.
There you go.
Now do something smart for once in your life, man.
Wait a minute.
One of the owners are standing here.
He said, no, no, no, no, John.
We want to keep our license.
No, I see.
But it was really great to hear you.
I can't hear you.
What do you got like a chicken crap owner up there in Seabring
was just no brains and no balls is that the deal?
God.
Not at all.
Not at all.
There's great people and I love it here.
Well, that's good.
He belongs in radio.
It's a perfect place for him.
What?
In fact, he ought to be a Cox Broadcasting, basically the same.
Who should?
You're whoever you're talking about.
I don't know.
Whatever his name is.
Well, right.
Oh, okay.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That was fine business, remember?
Right.
I do it when you said that while almost just like
dropped it right in the waist pass, could have.
I can't believe that.
Well, I called earlier and left a message with your receptionist
to give it to you that fine business call.
But I figured that I'd never be able to get through on this one.
John, I got news for you.
If you leave a message with our receptionist,
there's only one thing that's going to happen to it.
She's going to eat it.
Believe me.
Hey, Neil, it's really, really great hearing you again now that I can tune you in on
S.U.N. My old alma mater over there in St. Petersburg.
So how does S.U.N. come in and Seabring?
It comes in fine, fine business.
Fine business.
Yeah.
Great.
Hallelujah.
You can promote you because you're in competition now.
No, we're not.
What's it you have?
Oh, you have talk.
We got, yeah, we're talking 24 hours a day.
We got Rush Limbaugh on now.
Like I said, with a crap you got on what differences are we?
Hey, we probably have one of your heroes on here at three o'clock.
Who's that?
Alan Comes.
Who is that?
Alan Comes.
You know, I have one question, Neil.
That's the rumor.
Alan Comes it.
Yeah.
I have a question before we get off.
Yes.
Why do you take delay?
I mean, there couldn't possibly be anything said that you haven't already said.
Bye, bye, John.
Bye, bye, Neil.
See ya.
Okay.
See ya.
John meter.
Oh, man.
All of a sudden it's like somebody pulled a plug on the animal bag and this opened up the whole state like a whole world.
All these new horizons that have opened to us.
And keep in mind, this is all by accident.
The only people who are hearing us today, it's like an accident.
It's just like WIOD.
Hey, ha, ha, ha.
The only people who discover us, it's by accident because we're sure never going to get any promotion over here.
1236 on News Talk Radio 610, WIOD.
Hey, morning, get the scoop on what's happening this weekend on the Weekend Magazine with Chuck Myers.
News Talk Radio 610.
WIOD.
Hey!
Excuse me.
Yes?
One of those bukkoboi genes down around your ankles?
Why, yes, they are!
Bukkoboi genes.
Available at FineStores Everywhere.
1240 at W.I.V.D. Why are we stuck on such a bad run in Sarasota? Hello?
I have a nice day.
Okay. South Miami. Hello?
Yeah.
Oh, I saw your favorite big lip bitch on TV, uh, over on the west coast. It seems like, uh,
your buddies next door at the coast have a new radio station over the whole cloud to shore.
The shore?
The shore.
Are you cereal?
I'm cereal.
What is that?
Oh, wait a minute. Let's see. Do we have an FM as a W-W-R-M warm?
Yeah, that's it.
Where was the shore?
Do you realize that that station is number two in the market in Tampa, St. Pete?
Right behind the FM Country Kickin' Station?
Yes.
W-W-W-W-R-M, the shore.
The shore?
Are they playing the slush over there, too?
I don't know. I refuse to listen. I just saw a TV commercial with her big ol' lips and coming listen to us.
Oh, you mean that bitch that's on the TV spot?
Yeah!
Oh, she don't know whether she's on the coast or the shore.
She didn't arrest her on Uranus.
Not on the line.
She didn't know what planet she's on.
Anyway, listen.
Oh, W-W-R-M, the shore.
Well, you're having such a problem with these people over there.
Yes.
You're not married to your sister right there.
Right. That's right.
That's a whole thing.
And I don't have no sheep in the backyard either.
No sheep?
No real well.
Yeah.
No, could you play the Country Music, um, the two guys that have the little verses out of the Country Music?
No, I'm talking about that.
You mean the Country Music Song Titles?
Yeah.
Well, where the hell am I going to find that?
Well, that's...
You've probably got a...
Well, I'll dig real deep, okay?
Oh, I'll do it in a really thruster vibe.
That'll do it over there on Radio Sun, man.
You glad?
Okay.
I'll go to it.
Bye-bye.
Here's a line from the song.
It took a hell of a man to take my hand, but it sure didn't take him long.
I liked that.
Yeah.
She ain't much to see, but she looks good through the bottom of a glass.
Oh, yeah.
I've heard that one.
That's a good one.
I wouldn't take you to a dogfight, even if I thought you could win.
Don't cry down my back, baby.
You might rust my spurs.
If fingerprints showed up on skin, I wonder who's I'd find on you.
Here's a good one.
If you get the feeling that I don't love you, feel again.
Here's one.
Obviously, there's some guy singing this song, and he's in some cheap,
flusy bedroom at the time.
I'm ashamed to be here, but not ashamed enough to believe.
That guy to sum up our situation here at WLS too.
I've ashamed to be here, but not ashamed enough to leave.
We'll just take the money.
Thank you.
I've been flushed from the bathroom of your heart.
Oh, I want to hear it.
You really wonder about guys who write lyrics like this.
You don't know how much drink they've been doing.
It's the bottle against the Bible and the battle for Daddy's soul.
Here's what I really like.
It's Commode Huggin' Time in the Valley.
If you want to keep the beer real cold, put it next to my ex-wife's heart.
My wife ran off with my best friend, and I miss him.
Okay, Larry Lou Jack, little Tommy from WLS on one of their for charity type albums stuff like we do.
I just thought I'd mention that so that all the people over there all those new people.
I had Slurry Lou Jack, WLS, yeah, that's where your boy went over there.
That's where the great hope of Tampa Bay went, Bob Lasseter.
Oh, yeah.
To WLS, God has asked fire it up there because he forgot all Niels' material.
Let's do a Naples.
Hello.
Naples.
Speak to us.
What do you want to say?
I want to say, how you doing?
Yihaw.
I'm one of these Yihaw's from Avon Park.
You always thought?
Avon Park, one of America's.
Do they still have that German restaurant there?
That's in South Lake Wales.
That is the Black Forest?
The Black Forest.
That's a good place.
Yeah, I heard you talking about it one time several months ago.
You could probably throw like a brick from where you are there, right?
You could peek that far.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What's the deal with the delay on here?
What do you mean by that?
Well, I got my walkman on me and I can hear the delay and then...
Yeah.
Here he was.
That's when nobody gets the old one.
Oh, in other words, when you were on hold, so somebody says crap that we just like dump it out.
I don't know.
Because we don't want no vulgarities on the way.
We don't want nobody saying crap on the ear, sir.
You don't want to offend the ass.
We don't want to offend all those old farts over there in Sarasoto.
Okay, so we want to make sure that nobody says s*** on the ear, okay?
That's right. We want to hear some murals.
Damn straight.
All right.
You had a good day now, buddy.
I got pulled over there by the old police this morning, too.
I just want to let you know that.
You mean they're doing it over there?
They're doing it here.
They're doing it up in the name of the park.
The parkers are outpooks.
The park patrol.
Well, listen, don't forget those pig reports.
We want to start doing this all over the state, okay?
Hey, I think we ought to.
All right.
Get some speed.
Okay.
You got it, buddy.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
12.
Oh, God.
Oh, is there hope for the human race?
He asked.
1246 at WIOD.
We have an open line on that new out of town like God.
It is smoking, man.
It's smoking.
We had John meter.
I forgot to ask Johnny meter about the old fun seeker.
What's Bill Gray doing now?
Don't call back, John.
Call me another day.
We'll talk about the fun seeker.
From battle creek.
Oh, God, man.
We have to get some inside stuff that nobody will have any idea what we're talking about.
For Lauderdale.
Hey, how's it going?
Gray.
Best show in three years.
Yes, sir.
It's about time they opened up our horizons and kept us from this imprisonment in this little Yahoo corner of the world, right?
You got it.
You got it.
Y'all know what's going on now.
I don't think I'd say hi to the more, never mind.
To what?
Okay, couldn't handle it.
Just faded out of the pressure.
1247 at W.Y.
No, wait a minute.
Let me say it again.
1247 at News Talk Radio 610 W.Y.O.D.
The opinions expressed in this program are not necessarily those of 610 W.Y.O.D.
Red Sponsors.
I got a facts.
I got a facts from one of our spies in Tampa Bay.
Now, we had the wrong info on Jay Marvin, by the way.
Somebody gave you some bum information, George, because it says here he's not the right wing.
He's left wing.
Actually, an okay guy.
The best thing FLA has gone for it.
Two issue oriented so the show can be boring.
Best feature regularly attacks racist Republicans and other neo-Nazis.
We love you, Jay.
Even though you hate me like poison, you're okay.
Yeah.
We think.
Let's see.
Mornings.
They got Al Gardner and company, a weak plastic Nambi Pambi guy who clips the
Tampa Tribune the same Pete Times in USA today and repeats their articles on the air.
Yeah.
There you go.
It says this city at once claimed that listeners should throw their newspapers away to long,
laborious interviews, redeeming feature none.
Midday Mark Larson.
It says this ding dong owns a radio production company and once worked on the pig, the power pig.
WFLZ.
Couldn't make it at the pig.
So, Jay Korsave this loyal backstabbing employees job by throwing him on the AM.
It says he really does put his hand behind his rear ear when he talks, etc. etc.
Midday rush fat right wing slime ball.
Afternoons Lionel.
An attorney who used to call in on the weekends got a weekend gig because he was so talented
and had such a beautiful voice.
Not.
And then full time.
It says obviously his practice wasn't going so well, talent rating for redeeming feature none.
And then about Jay Marvin that we were wrong about except he hits me like poison which is fun because he's jealous.
And then the best part it says it also says the rest of the night tape playback of Bush Bingbang and Bruce Williams as are the weekends.
Oh, and I was wrong.
WWRM is warm.
The shore is like in four meyers or something that somebody else.
So don't get them confused.
Get the coast and the warmth and the shore all in the right spots.
Okay, like get warm.
But here comes the best part.
It says on this facts from our spy in Tampa.
Remember that Jay Kors is getting set to go under.
Oh, it's 140 million dollars worth of debt is callable in August.
The company's assets total to more than 125 million.
So it won't be long.
Oh, now that's I'm just repeating what's in the facts.
I don't know that to be true or not, right?
That Jay Kors is going bust.
And then all the people at WFLA will be lined up at crystal.
Man, 1254 at WIOD.
Let's go to Tamarack.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil. How you doing?
Maybe this move of ours will help like put him over the edge.
Pretty good.
Yeah, first of all, for the old bag in Sao and Sao Astoda who called up earlier.
No, but you know she's not listening anymore much, right?
The question is, Afro, Afro, Afro there.
I had to get that out of my system after hearing her.
And she was complaining about the vulgar language.
Boy, she's probably sitting on the radio now.
I wouldn't be surprised.
I listened to that.
Thru's Bing Bang is on another station in Tampa Bay area too.
A BRD in Bradenton.
The big bird in Bradenton that carries the pirates games at least they used to.
Yeah, and I figure at 1420 in the town, they're probably just as powerful or maybe...
They're like about six watts because I know when I worked in Sao and had back in those days.
It was a Pirates fan.
And I used to try to hear the big bird at night.
And I used to have to drive halfway from Sao Astoda to Bradenton to hear it at all.
Yeah, I didn't know if they were comparable to the light bulb or not.
Yeah, very similar.
And when you mention the shore, I think the Arran Fort My is there at 94.5 FM.
They're called as WCVU.
And when they get the term shore out of those call it is I have no idea.
Maybe Dinos sits on the transmitter.
That is a possibility.
The brunels.
And judging from some of the calls you've gotten from the Tampa St. Pete area,
if you any wonder why they didn't get a baseball team, the big thing now...
Yeah, we got the Marlins by the way.
We got the Marlins.
Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah.
I shouldn't say that.
Yeah, and where do they have the Giants?
They'll probably get the Giants, man.
They'll probably get an established team with Matt Williams and that ugly Will Clark
and Roger pardon me from an Aqualma Crague.
Yeah, but yeah, what they're doing now is a sundome.
I think it's now the World's Lodge.
I just tracked the puller, and I think that's the only thing that saves that...
Well, they are pulling over there.
Believe me what I tell you.
Okay, okay, I'm just about out of material.
But before I go, for all the Yahoo's in a Tampa and St. Pete who are listening,
I think you should throw on Blue Job if you have that,
or my wife left town with a banana.
Or sometimes I feel for a country person.
Yeah, God, are you just emotionally like a basket case.
This is probably the most exciting thing that's happened to us in years, right?
Right.
Okay. Okay, it's a deal. Take care.
Bye.
See, we think it's the most exciting thing that happened over there, but we're wrong.
This is the most exciting thing that's happened for us,
because you think it's boring over there, man.
This is like death.
The median age over here is like Mathuslas Grammar.
Mm-hmm.
God, so we're really excited to have you, so to speak.
Hi, Alia.
How you doing?
Great.
Listen, I don't know how much you listen to the news reports.
You know, on the brakes and everything.
Not at all.
But then people up there that got that call that wanted to come down and kill you or whatever.
No, he just wanted to beat the crap out of me.
Okay, and then kill me.
Well, he should be happy that our fastest right wing Supreme Court just made it legal to burn crosses.
Really?
Yeah.
Listen, that's good.
It's not against the law.
It's a free speech to go ahead and talk about that.
I understand that Justice Rankquist is going to be burning one right on the White House lawn at two this afternoon.
Well, I don't know how to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not talking about the Brux.
I'm not talking about the Brux.
I'm not talking about the Brux.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm not talking about the Brux.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm not talking about that.
We're on Spearhead Nation right now.
i'm serious yet is why i got the i talk to him one night
i met the station manager of the station he's he's broadcasting off of
the up the uoff
he's a
he's a butthole
he really is
well as it's a great here and you
well i'm uh... i'm glad you spread your stuff all over the state we are
spread and then we got the old uh... trowel out we are spread and everywhere
yeah well i'm uh... originally for more cadets i know something about these uh...
he's uh...
right wing fascist folks up there
so
they love it
alright thank you have a great day
boy are you keeping track of these towns we can stick our thing in the map
course not
where was he
uh...
for buyers
very good i just want to see we had naples we had four buyers
god i think that those people have to put up with the flea market specialist
over there
we love you john ok and your big stentorian voice in those uh... computer
hackers and all that other crap got john mcq was still alive
south Florida zooms traffic and weather states
news talk radio six ten w i o d
my every fourth order meal in the bomb
and
news talk radio six ten w i o d presents the meal
rogers show
they can touch and talk with me all dial seven five one w i o d from day
in brow it's five two four w i o d
outside the three oh five area code
toll free one eight hundred nine four four w i o d
and bell south mobility customers make a free call by dialing star i o d
the opinions expressed by the guest host or callers are not necessarily those
of this nation
now here's
neal rogers on news talk radio
six ten w i o d
let me tell you something pal the only thing bigger than the one to two hour
is Steve Keynes ego
o
wife left town with a banana
love a rotten deal
found that y'all devil hiding in her purse
he's cold and he's hard but he's got a few
hope it never happens to you
some fruit breaks your marriage into
my wife left town with a banana
my baby stood been away
oh
a wife left town with a banana
i'm a jealous man
she found us six inch Latin love her
now she does the tango with her right hand
and right now i could just die
he's eaten my banana cream pie
my wife left town with a banana
my baby
slip and my baby
slip and away
one oh seven and w i would do the most excitement we've had around these
parts in sanary bero dropped some really serious gas in the press box at your
robby stadium
just unbelievable man tonight we got the metz and the cubs at she
and he's a nervous rec about it he's running around with his uh...
cifranandez blow up don't go and create is that cifranandez her bush bing
and here's a lady in el joe bing
hello is she gone
there's no such places el joe bing
there is is she on there yep oh you're there
where is el joe bing
el joe bing is two miles from shawlet stadium
well how you being
great and we think you do a great job we hope you see out twenty four hours
well we love you how much to george p to make this call
checks in the mail
now we just love it and we think it's time people got off all that old crann
right exactly now you're talking here that same old tired stuff over and over
that doesn't change anything here all in people flapping her gums give it a
rest
right that's right
well you have a great day you can and spread the word okay i will my mom thank you
thunderbird one away to w i o d we have an open line and at world and it's like
it's like our link to the universe man
like our link to the whole rest of this god for sakin peninsula it's just uh
shocking is what it is at one eight hundred nine four four w i o d the sisters
pay the freight we pay for you to call and say your for peace man
oh speaking of for peace ron
and now ladies and gentlemen
marney robin zal ron let's get out that thing and let's stick our finger in our nose and scratch
and pick and go nuts till a bleeds man round what happened that's it
put ron on hold okay ron just losing it ron had never had an audience of uh
spit kickers like this before so he just losing that out of the pressure ron say
john juniors i got our guy up and brower there
who like has all the oldies and all the jingles and all it's like cute up he is like his own
radio studio because he has no life here's uh poppano hello
poppano yes sir how are you i'm great first time call it all right i'm stuck in a hospital
up here in poppano are you cereal i'm absolutely cereal do you need to get out i wish i could do
need help they can't give me any answers these people yeah they have no answers i just have some
uneducated guesses i got a machine here stuck in my chest and his keys making noises and no
be can tell me what they are yeah unbelievable they don't know their arm from their armpit
um to look around you know why yeah i believe in good show today okay why the best show is
when are you going to get out pardon when are you getting out i hope tomorrow or when today i don't
know oh jeez don't say that you hope when they say well tomorrow maybe tomorrow don't
listen if you need help call us okay we'll do call us tomorrow if you need help we'll come down
there and drag you out of there and leave them in the dust no kid were you yes i know what it's like
believe me i had the same experience sir i know what it's like man these people are terrible i wouldn't
let them do it to a duog oh well good luck buddy take care of him okay okay and make sure they watch
which thermometer they're using and where they're putting it okay that was i never forget that
she comes in her two thermometers on my little stand there and she looks at my mouth and then she
like looks kind of like down on the bed like well let's see which one of these should i use and
where has it been and i said honey they haven't been doing any rectal temperatures okay so just
cut the crap so to speak god she had that evil looking a while like she was just on the verge of
some emotional excitement it's 11 after 1 at news talk radio 6 10 w i o d don't touch that
dial coming up this afternoon at two it's Rick brylean suds Coleman join us then for rickensets
this is the neo-roger show this is your brain any questions
i bet over backwards
to be nice
i'm saving nickels and corners i'm cutting coupons because i'm a victim of recession
oh
buying from this count stores can i don't know without your screw it
oh no i spent too much i bounced by checks this month there goes my credit rating
i thought i had more in my savings i'll take you out to lunch if you buy
hey
it's a soft economy it's a soft economy i'm saving nickels and corners
i'm cutting coupons because i'm a victim of recession
116 at w i o d when it doubt branch it out that's what we're doing today man we are
spreading our gigantic tentacles into every crevice in your body is Ron back on there
Ron
and a boy Ron work on it here's a temple terrace
what a sad day in radio his the worst the worst moment even our kony is shaking his thing
the sun is gone from our lives yes and now it's the moon i'm just gonna tell all my friends to listen
yes or just moon your friends i'll just say we got a big fat disgusting
yes two fag on the radio up here now right that'll do it
sir yes you okay sir yes okay i just want to miss my point out you want to let your point out
i put it away if i were you 117 at w i o d that's uh there you go there doing it up there man
they are doing it like on the kennedy and on dl mabrie and on a Howard street over by burn steakhouse
and up there on foul or avenue god i love foul or avenue you know why because there's a
steak and shake there by the big mall oh god do i love steak and shake oh she's they got like good
soup have you ever been at steak and shake oh man and the best shakes i get the shakes just thinking
about it hmm they do have some pretty good chow over there okay the people suck for good good food
north Miami Beach let's get back to John McHugh like you for you
oh hey Neil yeah you sound great today man god John the cute jingles man do you realize that
that man is going to have like a sexual excitement in his on and his bvd's today by hearing that
i haven't heard that sounder in so long man it just made my little toe kind of quiver well
that's something about the size of my little toe well if i can make part of your body quiver
i guess i'll consider this yeah that did it for you that tells me about your life you got it
boy hey Neil let me ask you this exciting day sir this is like orgasmic today it's like the
entire state of florida's having a gigantic accident in its pants well Neil you just sound great
i mean you know you already said that don't suck around too much sir they'll come after you believe
and see all the time Neil today is exceptional it's phenomenal it's tremendous you're absolutely
beside yourself yeah and this way till we go on here on wsb in Atlanta holy cow another cock
station and then of course after that it's kf final Los Angeles you're gonna be like on cox all
over the country right so to speak excuse me yes let me answer questions yeah every once in a while
you mentioned bill called her and you say you know i'm gonna come out i'm gonna place on of his
bits i am and you know i heard you do the guys from wls a little while ago right and i thought you
know you could drop a little call during every once in a while i will miss him we loved him yes we
did yes and one of the greatest human beings in the history of my life time i'll tell you that
exactly in fact Roy slanhoff from Gulfstream Park sent me a picture bill and i did an appearance
at hollywood park dog track a few years ago yeah i saw that picture you did i believe i did what it
was it perhaps in your that little thing that you sent out i would do sent out the first one
no it wouldn't have been in that because he wasn't at i would do we were at i and z although knowing
this station we might have sent it out anyway we don't care all right well somewhere i maybe i saw
somewhere else you're just so emotional sir god you just need to calm down a little bit
well because you're well today now take a good little vanilla extract animal and calm down
so when you're gonna do that stuff that you've been seeing it for a year i promise you in the when
i get back from vacation remember i see cake and all those other right little thing right we miss him
i do terribly it's it's time for the rest of the world to get turned on to just little pieces
well you know bill worked over in Tampa well uh i see that's what i've been waiting for that's a good
excuse i've been waiting for this to happen oh great was bill worked over in Tampa and uh all kinds
of places well and you know who else is over there in clear water probably on his way there right now
stand major stand the man's right so stand kid listen every day and have something to do and then
somebody's material is still on a short evening i'm sure he liked the sounder also i wonder what
uh what station carry stand over there we'll have to find out when in doubt find it out
that's gonna be a big station yeah at least a couple of watts yeah well listen have a great one
hey nale thanks looking forward to uh hearing a little bit of call there's no thank you see you back
god pushy uh open line and date county 7519463751 it's 21 after one on news talk radio 610
wio d moves update from the award winning 610 wio d news air comes up at the top of the hour
stop radio 610
wio d
is young killer she's a woman of the 80s hello Dave be here at 8 all right she knows what she
wants hi Andy we'll meet you at 9 30 okay and she doesn't care what other people say
Dale is 10 30 good for you great that's why she wants the fragrance that says exactly what she is
she's on info every man she wants to know such a
man
oh
she's a girl who can say no
you from jok say the wrong it's nympho and whether it's dinner with that special someone
or an intimate encounter with the Dallas Cowboys you want to wear the perfume that is cheap as you are
cowboy or hello coach Landry could you send over the defensive unit at 230
oh great yes it's the fragrance that says i'm easy because face it girl you are
all right let's watch yourself don't get all those old ladies and serisote excited god they're all
gonna be playing in the orchestra they'll have their instruments out by 230 open line and date 7519463 a
mobile in south maimies gone they dropped off just like way they were like on the verge of a
major thing lakeland hello yes sir how you doing pretty good i like it i like it show all right i think
you have going on out there we're going on man we're doing it yeah well we think i know Chicago what is
it Chicago Bulls Chicago Bulls rule man Michael Jordan is god yeah how about those cubs oh well
cubs not that good out there though they were working on it boy any day now we're gonna get there
any year any any century we're gonna get there what you're gonna be doing with
what you're gonna be doing with what you like getting drunk just like you guys just like all you
yahu's out there are we working now we're working all right well listen to me too
no give me a call huh well i'll send you i'll send you a bag of money okay yeah don't do that
i'll spread the word pal all right all right bye wow it's kind of frightening isn't it
126 at w i o d it is it's just uh man talk about any emotional experience for the world
1 800 944 9463 if you got that we're going a little too fast i don't think so
here's the mobile in Miami any else yes sir how you doing pretty good let me ask you a question about
uh Miami well like why well just like you're here opinion about Miami i just moved on here and
sir have you ever seen the tidy bullman and Miami together okay toilet the word is toilet this is a
floating toilet hmm used to be once upon a time a magnificent wonderful great place and now it's
like a gigantic outdoor septic tank well what part of town would you move to if you were like
just like plantation i would move to plantation acres but then if i tell people that they'll come
Miami of course not wait you want to move to Miami yeah how about west Kendall i mean like way
way way out there it was live on the beach how about on the beach would be good on south beach with all
those uh young uh people with all the money and the big fancy cars is that what it is yeah south
beach right there but it's so it's traffic yeah that's right well let's see how about on chrome
avenue would be good that's nice that would be good out there nice atmosphere way way way out there man
nice barbed wire fences it's great how about Pittsburgh like i said when you were a kid did you
what did you love did i love what did you love bar prints yes the greatest and can i ask you one
question about bar prints yes he's dead why know that anybody would know that what do you mean anybody
would know that anybody new bar prints god all mighty there's a whole bunch of guys who are dead
and they're still walking around really yes like for instance a baron somme or who's that
a hairy calis who does the fillies he's been dead for 20 years and nobody told him
but he's alive yeah boy this call is just we were doing great today
i'm looking for a little Bob Prince wait a minute just calm down you ready yes all right oh god
short tide three three in the bottom of the 17 one ball and one strike comes into the wind up in the
one one pitch one on deep the right field you can kiss it goodbye oh yeah
you just say oh baby did he get that baby out of sight he created it yes that was the hottest call
i've ever heard my wife how do you like that and god i can you like do one more no okay don't
push your luck okay i think it was great have a great day yeah two see ya god what a pain in the ass
there's suds man suds is gonna be talking all is all good pizons and gumbas
over there on the west coast god he is so excited all his old bill collectors that have been looking
for him for a long time what is this bring back memories of w y and d and buddy bud paxon and i
got news for when we were over there that station was just as successful as uh paxon station
now w h n z with its one share 18th in an 18th station market right there in the bottom where buddy
bud is used to be and man he's still got that new work new york mentality it's but all that money
and at home shlocking network that's got like 50,000 channels all over the satellite he's still
right on the bottom man where buddy bud knows how to do it the best here's a mobile in four pierce
hello new riders yes sir i just want to let you know in sight it must be right at the old
slogan for uh... taking shake up the thing louis anyway right
that's wrong from oh god there's nothing like staking shake i just i get the week at the knees
thinking about it great state burgers yeah i just wanted to let you know that i'm a i'm a
carnal band i too many thing with carnal fans down here no and one of these days that uh if you do
get around to i'd like to hear the avenue old dan kelly from the uh the blues or say dan kelly
was great say louis blues and the Montreal canadiens before that and cbc to he used uh
wait a minute i got just a minute this is going to come as a great shock to show you i mean talk
about getting something on demand wait a minute i got a hairy call from nineteen sixty four when he
was still doing the cardinals that will go white and the whole gang and look what are listen
there now is bill white a man is scoring position with one out the cardinals leading by a run five
before most stretch and the fact there's a time way back in my feet and come be
how about that my god he was coherent back then yeah the mom didn't have as many buds back then
he was just doing buds wife but that's another story i um i was just watching the uh that
still is game couple days ago on it's just pathetic the way he uh oh come on don't pick on
hairy now you must understand i'm a cubs fan sir so just uh you got to understand i mean when
you get to be a hundred years old you and have that many beers you're a little coherent too
if you have anything kelly eventually uh be fantastic i love the blues and uh love the carnal
is not many fans i mean you're a hockey fan sir yes sir now we're talking to man who's got a
brain on his head a hockey fan have a bag in the seventies when the when the early seventies
and blues had a couple of uh Stanley Cup finals in the old western division yeah it was all the uh
uh the new team how about bill he would yeah sir gazmic it is one one other thing i'm sorry to
keep it so long i i just wanted to i got a poppy from i tried between miming for a lottery i
was typically a workup here in lottery well i'm up here for appears now but i just working
i was driving back home at five fifty five p.m. on friday at a holiday old each boulevard
and the the cops stopped me for uh driving in the at the time and lay right at the end of the day
just seem it seemed kind of outrageous that uh going south by the ninety five uh at that time of
day there's really no there's no reason to have a cop station there but he was sitting in the median
just waiting for somebody to slip by and i happen to be the lucky bastard so um thanks a lot for
taking the time out to speak with me and uh good talking to you okay leaves the rules sir thank you see
bye see Eric Lindro is assigning with the Rangers the Leafs are just so pathetic is it what three in
serisota yeah hi are you done great that's great too what's going on over there well you've got all
us old folks you're picking on you all right you you don't want to uh tell me i should take an
animal but uh you got to have and you got to have something you gotta have something beside
you nose to pick right sir well i don't have that time because i got too many rabbits i have to take
care of you take care of rabbits yeah i'm a rabbit farmer well so what's wrong with that that should
be a lot of fun watching them out there adding and multiplying that's it there you go there you go
making a lot of money good that's what we look if you got a lot of money we're happy for you just
send us a bag full oh well you get a bag full of whatever you want right or some rabbit droppings or
whatever now okay whatever yeah that's a guarantee we can use them for bingo markers over here man
that's what the old people do over here they go to bingo not they can't they can't go to bingo no more
oh yeah they can they raise they raised holy hell about that sir don't take away you can do anything
you want here okay you can do you can take away the whole bill of rights but don't take away their
bingo they won't put up with that crap not over here we got to not hear laughing i'm serious we
got to have our bingo man well i got to i got to say one thing yes sir i used to listen to you on
the radio all the time where oh whatever station you were on well where were you in serifura
oh wspb right well that's 1973 that's like another lifetime well what can i tell you yeah we
ain't dead yet oh that's several burium animals ago now i'll take what what was that question again
let me think about that one all right let me ask you another question i know i'm not yeah what is
i called up i called up samt and i made a complaint about you and i have to apologize you are too
i apologize see this show takes a little while to grow on you like a big tumor and i know in i don't
care about your gold blood is in or dressing in the old fart out there right and the whole nine yards
i've been written on to your music the only thing i'm against is the person on the on the phone
we know we could now hang me out yeah i'm hearing you okay i'm here and the woman turned around
and said well want to listen to it listen to him for a day and then maybe you'll get the like it
right and i thought well no i own my car can't rest in music it was that and for all your
foggies out there listening i think you could sit down and listen to this man right because this
man is telling you to truth and he's playing his way right of course i say that i think you should
have a little bit more country in western or near songs in there but as far as half hole goes
my son broke out laughing really as far as maybe he knows what song that was great he was laughing
too that's good that's what life is all about sir is just a few laughs every now and if we can't
have a good laugh what the hell is it worth getting out of the second morning for all depending on
you're in there all right all right only when i called up is i apologize i listen to the lady
well the apology is accepted and i want to tell you you're a great american all right and
and say hi i can say is one thing yeah because i got to go out and feed the bad rabbit right and
you're going to get a rabbit sent to you if you like it enough i love rabbits man okay
but anyway those raisins man it's really something watching those raisins in the case
we got four thousand eight hundred so help whoo i bet you got like a whole raisin
right you're raisin i felt more bloody baloney than i would he call it does i feel right
Oscar Meyer right anyway we love you have a great day all right bye bye clean up your
right one third see now we got him doing it geez come on sir now you don't want to get all those
old women in sarasota all excited god they're going to be taken their midday douche pretty soon if
you don't calm down geez 137 on news talk radio 610 wiod this fall join us for another exciting
season of dolphins in hurricanes football action right here on south florida's sport station
wio t i can have an orgasm just driving down i 95
the time my past is off to the top of the key taken by julie as he drives
this is the doctor and when i want a fast break from the usual breakfast routine there's only one
place for me slam dunkin donut check out the all star lineup they got daredeal docks
chocolate thunder donuts wheels chairman and finger rolls and even moses malone what had it jam
fear donut hmm hey dog how about a box and one to go yeah baby and give me a cup of coffee
small one medium one or a large a wine a large a wine but no kareem please oh that's bad so make
your best move to slam dunkin donuts we stub off food in your face 142 a wiod pressure pack monday
god almighty my colon is just twisting in my mind here Sebastian hello yes sir oh no not
sucking up here why not no i just want to thank you for shaking up all these lame brain red
necks up north that's what this day needs her needs to a little shaken quake well they don't
ask us from a horn to ground right and in some cases no difference but uh
yeah just real two two up here it's two two yes okay all right don't wear it
142 wiod here's a lady in corral springs hi nil do you know what that means what
i don't know whatever he just said oh nil i'm the lady who called her last Tuesday and i saw
you on Saturday right about about my job oh yeah this is lady that got fired at the fish place
yeah lady got fired fish but i'm out looking for a job well hey listen you're gonna be i know it's
a trite cleashay but you're gonna be so happy and so far ahead of the game who wants to stand
around a bunch of smelly old fish all day right right but i thought i would just say hi and see
how you doing hi well thanks for coming by we sure had a nice turnout at brands martes
Saturday you know what yeah you just look you look a little white to me well you know what i did
what yesterday i went out and laid in the sun all day you look better my mother was kind of worried
about i got my color back she said she was a little worried about you yeah so i just want to say hi
let you know i'll let you know how i make out of the job well good luck and uh don't don't need any
smoke fish oh not for me okay fat bye have a great day one forty three at wiod i bet you're
gonna be playing all of those today man starting at number one and right through number 50,000
yeah no cut the crap when you stop when you stop did you see the coverage map of this
and what here that one's for you i'll leave that for you okay i'm gonna take this home they said
in tala hasi in the like in the daytime the station is like a yoke local sun i'm taunya and
orlando and kisimi and the sea bring and the Sebastian old smart and two egg and peri and
immaculate and just god oh man we feel like we've been liberated we want to be flim on we want to be
free we are free and speaking of rick and suds that's the right price for their show
free and you'll get it for you all wait till they they listen all you old farts who pretend that you're
upset that are really chordling and giggling and having a good time you think this has been something
10 to 2 every day wait till you hear rick and slot from 2 to 6 every afternoon it's gonna take you a
month just to figure out what the hell they are they've been here over two years and we still
haven't figured it out god especially the one with the banana in his mouth oh he's in here right now
so did you see boy you smell like a french whorehouse man god you stink thank you
um he's what the hell what are you trying to cover up some bad body aroma or something god you
sm i'm serious you know usually what she like splashed it all on your body god but you're not
oh what you oh he did like a little douche with a two i understand god is that stink do you see
this coverage map we're everywhere and this uh the ratings over there and about how the sun is
like number 13 but now in like in the next book we're going to be up to number three and we're
going to pass fla like they're standing still because they're going bankrupt anyway yes we're already
number two yeah yeah no i'm number one with them we're in one one forty five here's a mobile
in Miramar hello hey guy how you doing i'm doing great sir welcome to the liberation of the human race
speaking of liberation i went to the melting pot for the first time now you're talking did you have
the chocolate dessert i'm telling i couldn't fit it you couldn't you couldn't one i was so stuffed
yeah that place was incredible they do give you a lot boy but when you if you save room and dip
that banana in that chocolate fondue boy that's like dying to go to hell it was incredible yeah
the best restaurants in my am it sure is did you catch the daydain biker show i did see that you
know rick uh or riley here got uh got lucky for an hour and drove the viper on friday and that's all
he talked about all afternoon and i never even got to see it and then last night i watched
in channel six news and i see a monster in the news business you know i'll tell you that
viper must be powerful if it could drag if it could drag his fat ass around all of the time it
must be something that the ten cylinder viper or riley really ragged on him when he called friday but
i'll tell you it was funny it was a sight to be seen however i must say this to you in all
seriousness i wasn't uh because i had seen the pictures of the prototype you know last year
and i saw the car with that i wasn't that impressed i don't think it looked like i thought i was
going to look it looked kind of freaky to me but it definitely must have some power oh yeah you bet
well listen um hope you're feeling better and by the way is dav game what's that i said sali wants to know
is dav game have a great day youtube i'm fine what has done no one is dav game huh and if sali fits
is rick squatten 140 i see that's another thing we can't be so parochial anymore because we got to
talk about like um the child molester on the tv over there on thirteen or what channel was the
on and tampa i don't know something over there we'll find out we'll start getting lots of spy
reports on the facts by the way our facts number for those who hate us like poison already over here
is area code 305 757 7516 okay so as soon as you find out that frla is going out of business
area code 305 757 7516 148 on news talk radio 610 wio d
150 to you know what i was thinking we ought to give all our new lees there's a little preview of
rick and suds deliciously different maro want to deliciously different maro water
the who's the more important i was on the other guy's ballot what other guy the republican guy
oh no man i know i'm sorry today i want to break which one is your vote for you i'm not going
to get into it dad you'll freak out on me okay not no way yeah that uh that hooded freak
what's one be specific what's his name man i'm not going to argue Paul the guy from CNN
Ted Turner yes oh man you voted for peopianan i voted for Ted Turner dude
what is it send the police right into my pad i do why don't you give him my phone number
and it's red and let him come over and kill me
man you i'll let you're gonna elect the thought police
Ted this wasn't a presidential election this is a primary okay i didn't have a chance to vote
for the other side give me the chance to vote for the other side what my pal rick voted for a
Nazi i knew this would be i didn't vote for a Nazi this is suds it says who gives a good crap
153 a w i o d rickid suds two to six this afternoon free weed for the whole state and free
prosack for everybody in tala hasi 153 a w i o d we have an open line and broard five two four
nine four six three five two four w i o d pop it on the starline hey uncle male yes sir there's
only one piece of this puzzle we're messing now which is i mean we're talking about nose
picking right yeah and we're talking about that tone phone whatever's going on over there
that cornpone you know and and i'll tell you they're missing out on the great morning show at w i d
yeah i mean the office telling challenge yeah that would do it i don't i don't think they can
stand up to that challenge over there yet they're a long way from handling that they go into that
trance and never come out yeah that's right see those people over there they're not used to it
they wouldn't know when to come out of the trance right we can stick a trance in their pants if
we put that stuff on there you go and it closing yes one more thing before you go could you say
one more thing freeze major Miami vice your under arrest can't do it done 154 i got a thing here
a card i don't know what the hell this is all about it's from one of our chronic listeners has been
sent me crap for years it says mark your calendars on june 20th 1992 between nine and 10 p.m.
eastern standard time which is suspect to begin with you're supposed to have an orgasm it says
that's right everyone on the planet is urged to do it at the same time according to a fellow
named stand major who's been organizing a grassroots movement to promote something called the
orgasmic communion i guess i must get lonely over there in clear water all during the week us stand
this new eight style event is supposed to unite the world in simultaneous sexual pleasure
creating global peace world harmony and better tv reception etc so anyway it's a june 20th
between nine and 10 but we better find out if it's really standard time or daylight time because
it should be ashamed of wasted and have to do it all over again here's a mobile in eha junction
nil this is the call we've been waiting on nil how are you pretty good you've made my day well that's
great buddy let me tell you why yes sir i just left from Tampa on friday yeah i went to the
Bahamas over the weekend right front my gut lost my money right i'm driving home and i hear
that nil is going to be in Tampa isn't that amazing amazing it is shocking you are amazing so you're
in eha junction now what are you listening on i'm listening i just channed over from iod to
620 and you're right that wasn't a big switch though was it no i just like a flip flop that's
a little flip of the wrist will do it yeah nothing do it so pay me so how does s u n come in
up on eha junction great great i'm done really oh man if we got like a stranglehold on this state
a zoom we're like a gigantic radio condom on the entire peninsula now so i just want to tell you
i'm broke but i'm happy well good luck to you pal thanks and have a safe trip bye bye
eha junction did i mention that earlier in the day that like my whole life was like
hinging on a call from yahu junction and we got it we got it here's a pig report
156 of w i would we don't mind taking that from over on the west coast sir but don't waste your
time here okay just a disgusting and disgraceful although perhaps true tamarak yes sir nil yes i am
how are you you sound great i do sound great okay good nil i have something to tell you i think
you'll enjoy i hope so i've been out to call the last week out there yeah they got a new revelation
out there and what is that they got a young fellow out there that came from cadbury down yes i
guess the pain on each race that is just fabulous what he's like from the cadbury chocolate people
now he's he's out in cadbury down up in Minnesota boy is that a yahu track or what this young
fella is good they race on linoleum up there i hear let me tell you the type of winners that it gave
out on his first picks yeah thirty nine dollar horse oh twenty eight dollar i'll take it
twenty four dollar all i want is one it's a second choice pay fifty dollars he also picks the
you know the five dollar horses right but the thing that's the second lovely toy what he does he
gives you a thousand of each race he analyzes why he just he just don't get like Jeff DeForest you
look at the program he give you the first choice the second choice right like mark float as a
top of the park gives y'all that chalk we don't want to drown in a sea of chalk mark let's get a
little gutsy here no not only that not everybody tuned them out never listened to but this fella now
he gives out horse and they're knocking the prices down he's good he gave out a horse yesterday
that was fifteen or one yeah had no chart on him in other words he came from Argentina right but he
he said there was a race down there or horse out in the coast that is doing well and he meant
now you got to do your homework to know all this right you got to do it and this young fella is
good he's he doing it and i'll tell you he'll he'll they'll take him the hell away from here
yeah well i'm going to come out next Sunday just to make sure i don't miss out really you'll go out
i will i'm going to put my brush i'm going to bring i'm going to bring hundreds of thousands just to
make sure i don't miss out then you can store box out there you'll have a good time i'll do it
they'll go to good to speak thanks for the tip pal okay but have a great day okay there's our kind of
guy our kind of guy right there ladies and gentlemen are we done god this was like a breath of
fresh air as they say they're not saying that over there at the jaco are they god they don't know
whether to attend the emergency meeting about this or the bankruptcy meeting first what the
hell's gonna go on over there man oh man and wait so i get now they do their own news over there
wouldn't it be great if they could hear fat chuck mire and weekend magazine every Saturday morning
god then it would like really open up a whole new bunch of avenues to those folks over there on
the west coast so thanks to like uh angle wood and angle bird and johnny meter and all those
people in seabring god what a great place huh and avon park and arcadia which is where most of
our audience hangs out on the weekend anyway and uh yeehaw junction and Sebastian and where else
what am i leaving out come on come on Lakeland al Jobin al Jobin like i said and saint pate and
tampon all those other goesher places have a great day and stay till the man you think this was
really crap way to hear rick and sud south florida zooms traffic and weather station
1240610 wio d my abbey forth water deal in the bombies
