về
lam
tr
Jahres
and
and
1006 at the WIOD. I wish we were on TV this morning. I really do. I don't mean you guys. I mean us.
If you people could see the scene that we got going here, man, we got like the president is like,
because no clue what the hell is going on in the world and Clinton is doing this one. And that one's in the
Tammy Ynetta's all been out of shape. And Jeffrey Dahmer is on trial. He murdered a whole bunch of people.
And the cameras man like they're all sitting in there like the most important thing in the history of the human race
was about to take place. Now I got a great idea. All I got to do is get up, stand on top of this table,
unzip my pants and prove to everybody in the other room. You couldn't see it from like two feet.
Okay, get those telescopic lenses going, man. You could have them out Palomar telescope in there. And you still couldn't see it.
All right. Anyway, I got a lot of people. I don't want to get much here because I would like to spoil the image.
But there were some people yesterday who really were just magnificent, not the least of which the management of the station
from the very top all the way down to the very bottom. Who's on the like boy carry on the very bottom and everybody in between.
And they're just tremendously supportive and I appreciate that. And quite frankly, all of this is much to do about nothing.
I want to make very clear. Okay, read my lips. I can't talk about the specifics of what happened in any way,
shape or form because of the way our legal system works. Norm can just told me that management has told me that.
And that's the way it is. Okay. So I know that's frustrating to me because I'd like to come on here and tell you what a bunch of crap it is,
which it all is. But I'm not going to be able to do that in specifics.
But and of course there are people in the media who just refuse to take no for an answer. I understand that you guys try to do your job.
But when you tell people, hey, can't discuss it, can't talk about it. Speak it English. I mean, you understand what those words mean.
You cannot do it because that's the way our legal system works. If I sit there and I start going into a big thing about what happened or did not happen as the case is.
Right away, we're going to have people wanting a transcripts of the tapes and they're going to want this. They're going to want that.
And we just not going to get involved because it's not the way to go through the court proceeding. But anyway, Chuck Meyer, I have to tell you.
And I'm not saying this to be a flower because that's not my style. Chuck Meyer is probably one of the most incredible people I've ever worked with in 30 some years in this business.
One of the most talented people and for anybody, anybody that has to come in here and do they show yesterday and under those kind of circumstances and do the job that he did.
I just can't pass enough full case along with Chuck Meyer. Still have differences of opinion on a lot of things like to think with a Kathy Willett's list.
You know, we have our because we're human beings and we have honest differences of opinion.
But in terms of the job he did yesterday, it was magnificent and I thank him for all his kindness and these incredible guy, a little fat but a good guy.
Also speaking of a little fat crane, where then came down yesterday to my house when I come back after the break, I'm going to tell you about a scene that went on in plantation acres yesterday that you would not believe you wouldn't believe.
You know, I'm not going to sit here and attack the media because there are those people who have attacked me in the last 24 hours as you'd expect.
I mean, that comes as no surprise to me. I sit here and rip they rip back like in a godfather. He says they had brought us a tab. We have three o'clock this morning. They hit us. We hit him back by the being like that.
So I'm in a position now where I'm in you know, where it's very easy to have me as a target.
And those people who hate me like boys and figure what goes around come to round all that kind of silly stuff.
It's a great opportunity. I have no problem with that. But when you come to my neighborhood, when you're pounding on the door, my dogs have laryngeitis this morning from all the barking that they did yesterday.
But anyway, Craig Worthing was a super friend came down. We went up to Poppano Park last night. Actually one of you box had a great time. That rich was there. I had too big. That body guards. What more can anybody ask for?
And actually was able to have what a couple of races have a good time and get home without the being a molested or assaulted.
Ten minutes after 10 at WYOD, we I've tell you one thing. If I got as many calls on this show every day as I did at my house yesterday, we have a 90 share.
Okay, I mean it was just incredible. And I think everybody who called I don't want to start single now.
Because if I did that, I just will leave some people out. 10 past 10 WYOD have waited till the last minute, but you've still got a little bit of time left.
Today had done it.
I love myself.
I love myself when I feel down. I won't be the man. If you are here myself, it's all kind of easy. I am just my friend.
Because I'm feeling dewy. I do hurt anybody else. So it feels like it's like myself.
I am hurt anybody else. I mean having caught animals, I like no one.
You started on in your pocket, you were just happy to see it.
I was with the cops, why they come running? I kept hanging with the grand of mine.
I turned around and the cops fell off and they said, give me a line.
I closed my eyes, cause it's getting too late. My career might die. But I'm feeling dewy. And it will camp me.
I'm a giant dog. I get down on my knees. Cause I'm going for it.
I didn't hurt anybody else. So it will look like it's got my stuff.
No, no. I didn't hurt anybody else.
I hope my hands bleed faster, but I'm just in now.
I'm like a medium pusher corn with water on the side.
I just put him myself.
Ted 15 to W.I. By the way, I want to say hi to Hank Goldberg. I hope Hank is listening this morning.
I hope he's feeling well. I don't know how well known it is.
Cause I was on a way home from the track. I left after about six or seven races last night at the Pompidle Park.
And I'm listening to Hank Schill. And all of a sudden, Scottie Mack is on the air just babbling incoherently for about 10-15 minutes.
And I'm saying to Craig, I'm saying, what is going on here? There's got to be something desperately wrong.
And then I read in the hair of this morning, or in the sun, I guess it was, that Hank went home sick last night.
That he said, Hank told me about a condition he's got. We were at the track about him on the go.
And his heart starts being real slow. And I don't know exactly what they call a condition or what causes it.
But anyway, evidently, he had one of these spells on the air last night.
And it went home early. And we just want everybody to know that he's home resting okay.
And I don't know if he's going to be on the air tonight or not. We'll find out for it.
Anyway, it's 10-15 at WYOD. The good news are Camilla's house total.
It's really incredible that you have to get busted to get some people off their ass to donate to the homeless. Is that incredible?
Man, we could probably do a quarter of a million if I went out and killed a couple of these reporters today, huh?
Not bad. Maybe a half a million.
But seriously, we're up to $119,137.33.
When I was last here on Wednesday, we had 115 in change.
I think that's what it was. So that means we're like almost $4,000 more than we had on Wednesday.
And this is the last official day of our campaign.
So I was hoping we'd get to 120, which is an ice round figure. That would be incredible.
Unbelievable. In a year when everybody's broke and all the charities are crying to blues,
and nobody is raising anywhere near the money that they have in previous years,
and you folks have really come through for the homeless and for the homeless house.
So if that's what it takes, I guess maybe that almost made it worth it.
We are $873 away. They're about from 120,000.
And we sure can do that today, right? Georgia's going to write that out himself.
375-0763. 375-0763. You can call in, charge your donation on your visa and master card,
and get one of the best in the LCDs or cassettes or any of our good crap.
Now getting back to it, what are you there?
I'm there. If I don't want to leave you a hang-in too long,
because I know your ponytail weighs too much.
Well, really. What's new, Neil?
I don't know. Has somebody said her any good jokes lately?
Really. Really. God. I know the beach pretty well. I do a lot up there.
So that place has been rated quite a few times on different things.
So it's not exactly the best place to go by what the hell.
But I know some of those...
The leeway likes the publicity.
He loves the publicity. Some of those undercover cops know me.
They hear me do a pig report on your program. They listen to you.
Really?
Oh, yeah. One of the other undercover cops came up to me once over at City Hall.
My beach city hall said, I hear you doing those pig reports on Neil's show.
He loves the show. I don't know, man.
There is strange breed over there.
Well, you know that I can't say anything about anything.
Yeah, I know. I know. I know.
I have like a necessary lock draw about a lot of things here today.
Yeah. Anyway, without plugging in my clients,
I want you to know that they're...
We're doing...
You plug the few of your clients, Woody. But that's all you do.
But they all support you. In fact, even my 10-year-old daughter who's here,
she says it was stupid. So, you know, you have the full support of everybody
and really Neil, anything we can ever do, you just let it stop.
Thank you, Woody. And listen.
Get a haircut.
Yeah. Bye-bye.
10-18 at WI-D.
Woody Graber who just continues to be in chronic and will not go away.
Anyway, I have absolutely no problem with the media coverage of what's happened
in the last 24 hours, whatever it's been. I have no problem with that.
And last night at 5 o'clock, just before I left for the track,
I thought I actually thought Rick Sanchez was going to break into tears at one point
on the Channel 7 news. I mean, I have seldom seen such an emotional outpouring.
It was incredible. And the tremendous work I do for Camilo Sanchez.
I'm serious. I thought he was going to go into spasms and start crying
and squatting on top of the news desk and just go crazy. Rick, just keep in mind,
it's business. It's not personal.
Okay? You might be a wonderful guy. I doubt it, but you might be a great guy.
But it's a business, not personal. But then there's another aspect of the whole thing.
And this is, you know, I don't want to go crazy on it or I really should.
And I also do want to thank as long as I'm thanking people,
the plantation police, 90% of maybe 95% who are really super folks
and have been very nice to me. I've lived in plantation for about five or six years now.
And they are great. And I had a call on them yesterday to break up a circus
that we're developing in my neighborhood in front of my house.
I always called yesterday after the news broke at home.
As I expected, all the way they got the phone number, I'm a little bit leery.
But I was called by just about everybody in the local media.
And they asked, you know, do you have any comment?
I told them that Norm Kent told me I can't make any comment whatsoever.
And I hope you understand then. I said, I know you're all trying to do your job.
I was courteous to all these people, but I said, I can't talk. I'm not going to tell you anything.
And then there were those individuals. I'm not going to mention any names, Rick,
who said, well, you know, we've got to come up there to your house to say,
I've known I said, look, if you want to come all the way up here and slip up here,
the acres is beautiful. I have a nice modest house to you.
There are two beautiful Corvette's in the driveway.
The dogs will bark like crazy. They're not vicious. And that's it.
You're just going to waste your time.
Low and behold, about 1130, a white Chevy with a cameraman from Channel 4, I assume it was,
was parked out there across the street.
He was there for six hours.
Six hours. But I had no problem with that.
Because I'm in the house, the blinds are shut.
The dogs are doing a number on the floor. Everybody's happy.
Craig comes over, brings me a sandwich. No problem.
But as they were on, more and more of these people started filtering into the neighborhood.
Again, not a big problem with that, although it might have been in convenience to the neighbors.
But then starts on the front door, not knocking on the door like you would if you went to visit a friend or a neighbor.
But like, come on, get out. You're a hold up in there.
That was the line that I love the best. Rogers today is hold up. Over behind those preys,
he's hold up in his house. Like, I'm supposed to be out doing a kazatsky in the middle of the van.
Call the sack out there. What would they have liked me to do?
Could have like whipped it out in the middle of the neighborhood. Then they would have known for sure was all a bunch of crap.
What is it that I was supposed to have been doing while I was hold up?
Like I was had hostages in the house there.
Like they do with these mass murderers who are like in their last days before they throw in the stink bombs and they smoke them out.
He's hold up in the house there and won't come out.
And of course, every time they go like the dogs are screaming and yelling and keeping my diet had two hours of sleep.
I got home about four o'clock after a beautiful evening in a big county jail.
I get home at four o'clock in the morning and the phone serving at at six o'clock in the morning.
I thought I'd get up around seven and called business six in the morning.
It was already out. Okay, because good news travels fast among close friends.
And so I had about two hours of sleep and I'm hoping I'm praying that I can just lie there and not off and the TV is on in the back.
And so I had to call the plantation police and the again, thanks profusely to them because they came by and cleared some of these assholes out of my neighborhood.
And again, the thing with the media, I just don't know what it is that you people have lost perspective on.
Okay, I know you're under a lot of pressure to get to juicy starry end to get to exclusive and get the scoop.
But as far as just not only invading on privacy, but invading on people's ability to just have a little piece and just relax and get a couple of hours of shut eye or whatever.
It's just the absolute we uncalled for and unnecessary and unacceptable and grotesque and gruesome and a pile of crap.
1022 at WI with these speaking of people.
Coming this Christmas from bogus industries.
It's the I can drive like Rick Sanchez born in.
It's a real life action adventure game that uses the streets of South Florida as a game board.
Start begins at Concession Stone A of Hill and East India.
Where each concept and has to drink himself to oblivion or forget the highest blood out the hall level first.
Goes on to level number two.
There runs out for death train and all at home section of the game.
There we board game police about.
And the player will come up with a different experience to go home as dead is like to them.
There is off to the final leg of the board game.
Higher and at turn.
Go to court and whoever gets off with the easiest sentence wins.
It's ours to come for the home family.
The I can drive like Rick Sanchez born in.
1028 by the way Paul I'm sure you're listening this morning over at she you have a lot of facts about you.
They all basically say you're an asshole.
I don't know what you said but must have been bad Paul.
Put you up.
Anyway look at this card from the staff here.
All these people who have many of whom haven't said boo to me in months.
But who are desperate for the next premio to come in and I thank them for the use.
We want an outpouring of emotion and crap.
28 past 10 and let's take your cause and just again I want to keep in mind you can say whatever you want.
I am not going to sit here and preside over being sucked in the same things that I can't because I just can't do it.
So I hope you understand that and if you don't that's your problem.
North Miami hello.
And by your view.
Yeah.
Yeah I support you.
Not a hell of a.
But I support you.
Not a lot.
Who's saying that the freedom is a dead song?
It's a very good song.
That was the opponent tell man.
Who's that?
Mix Lewis.
Terrific.
You're going back is here by the way.
Yeah.
Okay.
They post Morton to the is a push Morton.
A post Morton to the navigable water.
Now the good about it.
So let me answer.
How long are they working on it?
You're definitely not going to make midday on the stage or.
My mother says why does he'll hate Buffalo's?
Yeah.
I said that Buffalo's Buffalo.
I'm not making it so.
Buffalo.
Not Buffalo's.
What time are you on?
What time are you on?
This bill Marshall.
Listen to that.
It's Bill Marshall.
No.
Come on Bill.
I'm not kidding.
I swear to you.
You have that same squeaky wing right now.
Right now.
You have that in your voice.
Well I don't know.
Hey Harry listen.
Have a great life.
1029 at WIOD.
An open line in Bade.
7519463.
Durral.
Neil.
Yes.
First of all I want to say I support you.
Well thank you so much.
It's definitely another proof of what you've been saying all along.
That's people are getting on a hand.
It's out there.
It's like I told Chuck yesterday.
I would like to have the transcripts yesterday around that time.
I would have 9-1-1 and you know called to the Miami Beach Police Department.
See what the hell was going on.
When this two officers were enforcing you know whatever law that is.
And I'm pretty sure there would be a lot of people right now in Miami Beach that would be pretty upset.
We probably got their car picked off.
A wife got beat up.
A kid got molested or beat up by some drunk guy or whatever.
And this two fine officers were out there getting their rocks off in some other place.
And in reference to all these other people who fortunately I had the...
I couldn't call a privilege to watch on TV.
Like Mr. Castro Nova and Mr. Ego at the light bulb etc.
It's pathetic how these people are just searching to make something.
At least try to gain some points out that somebody else is supposedly prolless.
Well you know it's interesting to me.
I didn't turn on much of anything.
I did listen to a lot of Chuck show yesterday because he did a great job and he's a real pro.
But I didn't watch or listen to much of anything.
I'll about 5 o'clock when I start watching the newscast.
But I did have a lot of people calling me telling me some of the stuff that was going on,
especially at the light bulb.
But none of that comes as any shock.
I mean they obviously work competitors and they've got their 0.3 or 0.5 during the day of 10, whatever they got.
And they're trying to suck on and light shot at this like they've done with anything and everything that I've done over the years,
whether it's good, bad, sensational, embarrassing, whatever it might be.
And so nothing would surprise me in terms of their attempt to exploit it and capitalize and jump on the bandwagon.
But when you cancel all of the guests, which is what I was told happen,
who were scheduled to be on so that you could make almost a 24 hour marathon of less bash meal and jump in on this,
then it's really a son of serious desperation, I think.
And also I do want to say that again, the TV coverage that I saw, I thought was fair all over.
My last name is Be Healfer and I wish they pronounced it right.
It's not any big secret.
But when you consider that at 5 or 6 o'clock, Channel 7 did 7 minutes.
I think it was at 6.
7 and a half minutes on this with the team coverage and with the Sally, I thought was going to hop out of the chair.
She must have had some extra batteries.
And then we get 20 seconds on Jeffrey Dahmer.
I mean, here's a guy.
The trial started, he's killed an 8 like all of these people.
I get 7 and a half minutes and he gets 20 seconds.
You're right.
So I feel like a really big guy, although quite frankly, you'd be surprised.
I got a couple of sets in the house and I had them too.
And everybody was, you know, Channel 4 did it for a few minutes and you know all the other channels.
Well, they're live.
I look at Channel 4 a few minutes.
I saw Channel 7 and everybody else is not talking about Dahmer and you know what it's going on over there.
And this people are still carrying out interviewing people in the middle of the street.
Personally, I thought that were really weirdos.
You know, because I mean, I don't know where they went to, but those guys were really weird.
But anyway, it just goes to show what you've been saying.
It's been, you know, true all along and that I say this much.
You have a lot of people that are behind you.
And when it all gets, when the light comes out, I'm pretty sure that you're going to say your part of the story.
All right.
Basically, you know, it just feels, you know, way, I think the public should know that when you go to Miami Beach, believe me, you know, it's moving.
Everybody should move in there right now because there's no crime.
There's nothing else going on in the city.
So, you know, it's safe in there.
In fact, they have to go out to section 1803.5.
Something like that.
Yeah. Well, anyway, you know, have a great day and hey, here, listen.
And I'll put it in the cell.
See you later.
1033 at WIB.
We have an open line at day 7519-463 Hollywood.
All right.
Okay. Good call. I must have been from the Hollywood vice.
Here's a lady in my name is spring. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Welcome back.
How you doing?
And I guess I like to say I was so upset I wouldn't need about sitting nearly burgers.
Really? When was it?
Wayne Arnold called me at home yesterday, by the way.
And he said, but things don't work out.
You can come and eat nearly burgers the rest of your life.
Hey, it's a great guy.
And I said, that would be like about a week and a half, Wayne.
Now, just a joke, Wayne.
And on top of that, you know, I think maybe the money beach police starboard should get a grip on themselves.
Yeah.
But it is. It would have you back.
Okay.
Thank you, dear. Have a nice life.
1034 West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hey, how's it going, Neil?
Okay.
Welcome back.
And I just want to let you know we're all behind you, so to speak.
Yeah.
And so to speak.
So to speak.
And look at the ratings you're going to get out of this anyway.
Yeah, I know it sees every, in fact, there actually Disney was telling me there are people called him, said, is this a stunt?
Is this a publicity stunt?
Well, you know, you made the front page of the Palm Beach Post.
Really? The front page.
Much tape.
Yeah. Of course, that's a Cox newspaper.
So it's probably in House propaganda.
Outrage.
About time.
Every time.
Every time they give me a little publicity.
Radio.
Neil Roger faces in decent exposure charts.
Ooh.
Bold print.
Yeah. Tell him expose this.
Yeah. Well, you know, today when you go to the bathroom and you stay at the urinal, don't expose yourself because you never know who's going to be standing.
Don't shake one time too often.
I heard somebody say that to Chuck yesterday.
I think that was probably the best instructional call of the day.
Do not shake it one time too many because you may be shaking and quaking in your boots.
If you never know.
Have a great life.
Hey, you too.
See you.
1035 out of town light is open 1-800-944-WYOD.
We all know it's really tough to find an auto mechanic.
You can really trust somebody who do a great job the first time.
Charge you a fair price.
No rip-offs.
No one needed repairs.
Jim or O'Harell is exactly the guy that you're searching for.
He's been doing it for people since 1978.
Over to advanced automotive.
And that's the reason he gets so many referrals.
And right now he's offering you these incredible specials that you can get.
Here's Jeffie's high on feet.
I found my thrill.
Where the hell you go.
But he couldn't kill.
Oh, Jeff is your hero.
Well, it's really fun to lie in peace.
No, ever.
You think you're so big.
So I am being myself.
I'm the girl.
And you're showing it.
Oh, no.
I never said being to you.
Well, you wanted nobody to.
You followed my trail.
And you kissed my tail.
Your career is through.
Oh, Jeffie, you really swelled.
But I got confirmed.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You ran out of your yacht.
And you were the best.
At 40, 20, 11, at WIOD.
Who's that on the battle line?
Volka, Brian.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing, Volka?
I think you know I pledge my support to you.
I pledge my allegiance.
And to my fact, right.
I was watching Channel 7 last night.
Are they hyperventilating still over there?
Well, they were.
They just slapped that stuff together.
They are slapping it at 7.
That's the rumor.
Yeah.
They did.
When I came to work this morning, I come to the back door
and there's a camera guy back there with his pants on.
Jeff is going crazy.
I couldn't believe it.
Was that Rick?
No, much better looking than Rick.
They showed Mike Thusen he doing that little press conference out there.
Talk about hyperventilating.
I thought he was going to pass out.
He admitted to me this morning that when the camera started rolling,
he just loses it.
And I thought he was going to pass right out
right out in front of the building.
That would have been good.
We could have had the paramedics.
We could have probably got another 90 seconds out of it.
Well, he was weaving back and forth and bobbing up and down.
Oh, you mean, Disney?
I thought you were talking about something else.
Oh, no.
And then on the caption on the Channel 7 news,
they put under Disney.
Oh, Lee Roy Griffith.
I told him he only wishes he had Lee Roy's money.
Believe me.
I know.
I mean, he apologizes for it.
Yeah.
And I listened to what's his name, King last night.
Yeah, we have that on tape.
I'm going to play that a little while.
And he actually comes to my, in another amazing development,
comes to an impassioned defense.
And he's going to be on with Chuck Tomorrow at the Royal Caribbean
Classic over Cuba's skin.
He's going to be in town with Chuck.
But of course, you notice, if you heard the whole call,
the preface is with this thing about having seen him in years.
And he came out.
He's a homosexual.
And he came out on my show.
And last time I saw him, he weighed 400 pounds.
He always had to preface it with that stuff.
And about how I rip him all the time.
He doesn't know why.
Larry, the reason I rip you all the time is because you're a butt-kissing
fool.
That's why.
Okay, the understand.
But thanks so much for your wonderful defense.
Okay, well, you hear what I'm saying.
Okay.
All right.
See you, Brian.
Okay, let's do a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Okay, nice talking to you.
Oakland Park.
Oh, two in a row.
Fort Lauderdale on the starline.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Are you there?
I'm here.
I'm sorry.
I just want you to know about all the people that support you.
That you know about.
There are thousands of more out here that support you too.
And I want to say something about that station and the 1,400 on your dial.
What is that?
Well, they are the cleasiest people of the world.
But I will say one thing, if I might.
The one fellow on that entire program, who seemed not to want to do anything to hurt you,
was Al Rantel.
He's pulled away from everything that they said, and I give him credit for that.
But I will tell you, they are absolutely the scumbags of the earth.
Well, where can I tell you?
Well, speak for itself.
Well, everything will work out.
Have a great thing.
1042 at WIOD.
I think you know, Al has a tendency of times to be sucked in by certain negotistical assholes over there
to some of the diatribes that go on.
But I think basically when push comes to shove because of his own personal experiences,
he knows what it's like to be abused and haunted and have to live in a closet
and have the skeletons rattling around all our keynotes what it's all about.
1043 at WIOD.
Hi Alia.
They are Buenos dias.
And back to you, sir.
Thank you so much after that long vacation.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Well, it could seem when you're in jail, it's whatever.
Actually, it wasn't that bad because thank goodness it was a real slow night.
And because if you go in on the night when you know everybody doing the full moon is out,
I mean, you can be in there for hours and hours and hours and they throw you in these,
you know, they throw you in the cell with all these wonderful slime balls
and degenerates and agbiterers and people kind of like a tinkling all over the floor.
And it's not the most savory environment in the world.
They take you, they take their time to process you and they look at you, you know,
Channel 7, they showed you a rest picture.
I mean, you look like a view.
I look like I had my fingers stuck in an electric socket like you look 20.
You're seeing that goes up to 220, right?
You're eye-drawn.
Maybe that's how Bill he would got it.
I think this guy just figured it out.
That's it.
Where is his mug shot?
But then Channel 4 showed you leaving your house who were all decked out,
getting in your black bed, you looked great.
Yeah, he was going to the tram.
Yeah, you looked, I mean, you looked, had your color back and...
Had my color back?
Yeah, you know you.
Yeah, you know you.
When did I lose my color?
Well, it was the black and white picture.
It was like saying to our Cineo, you got your color back.
I don't get it.
You looked pretty pale, I don't know.
Oh, you're in an admo shot?
Yeah.
Yeah, well of course.
I mean, first of all, I said, take off your glasses and then they stay like three feet away from you
and pop that slime on your eye all back.
You know, it's kind of like a prelude before like when they put you in the cheer,
they do the same thing, it's the same kind of effect.
They shot smaller.
And then they, then they zap you.
At any rate, I just like to voice my support along with all your other fans
and best of luck and we're behind you all the way.
Thanks.
Okay, Neil.
See ya.
1044-WY with the Open Line Indeed 7519-463 South Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing, Neil?
I'm doing great.
Hey, listen, I used to listen to you when you were on Zeta.
Yeah.
And I thought you were a funny guy, but there are three types of people on Earth
that most Joe Bagadona's don't like.
Number one's lawyers, right?
Number two's car salesman.
Right.
And number three media people.
Is that true?
Well, I mean, there are probably some others like doctors and lawyers and things like that.
Well, I mentioned lawyers.
You mentioned lawyers.
But you have to imagine, though, that, I mean, you know, you've been, you've all
become constantly dished out at people.
Right.
Oh, I have no problem with that.
I already said that they can rip, they can tear, they can shred, they can do what I have no problem with that at all.
I just don't want people at my house disrupting my life and pounding on a door and getting my dogs crazy and not letting me get some rest.
That, that goes beyond what they see on the air just like here.
This is a radio show, okay?
Yeah.
What they want to do, I mean, if you dish it out, you expect to get it back.
And if they don't give it back, then there are a bunch of whoopsies.
That's all.
Okay, I tell you.
Yeah, that's true, but I can't believe that you'd be on the radio calling a mass hole.
I guess they would be assholes at the pounding on your door in the middle of the day.
How would you like it?
How would you like it under any circumstances?
Let's say you're at home, you've got an important job and you're at home under a very bizarre circumstances.
Nobody knows why and the media is prying and they're calling and what's the deal?
Are you fired?
And you try to tell them whatever you can.
And all of a sudden they're not satisfied with what you tell them on the phone.
They come into your neighborhood and they start pounding and banging on the door like you're an axon murder and you got hostages in there.
Would you appreciate that?
No, that problem with you.
It's just, it's not only on call for it, it's unacceptable.
It is totally unacceptable.
And if it persists in the neighborhood by the way the plantation police will come and beat the crap out all these guys.
So most of them are pretty small anyway.
Yeah.
Well, listen, I wish you best of luck in your case and have a nice day.
And have a great life.
1047 at WIOD, we have an open line at day 7519463, a lady in Davy.
Hi Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay, better than you I think.
No, I'm doing great.
Well, I've been, I told the owl yesterday or Chuck yesterday that I've been sick for three weeks but I've never been as sick as I was yesterday when I listened to Steve Kane and all these other jerk offs on the media blast and you really have to be.
But what I said to him yesterday was my boyfriend went into the bathroom with their Robbie Stadium and he came back out laughing like crazy saying that this is a real port of like going in there watching the guys take a leak because they all had their pants down around their ankles.
Look at him.
Well, you got to understand what he got to a ballgame.
I mean, you got that jack mentality.
This is the big thing in the locker room is comparing genital size and seeing who's, you know, who the real men are and who the real whims are.
That's all about.
So maybe, maybe what we need to do is get the metro police over there and have a potty train in every guy.
So teach him how to go to the bathroom.
Maybe that's what they need to get to.
Yeah, I think that anything like over two shakes at the urinal is probably like five years of shake for like up to five and anything after that is probably life.
Is it really?
I think so.
Why so quick?
Come to shake this.
What about women?
Did they ever go in and ask the women if they have a hand on the pants?
It means maybe theaters, they ever do that?
If the women have their hands in their pants?
Yeah, I mean, you know, there's female masturbation too.
Right.
You know, do they go and look for women?
Well, not sure.
I'm sure they'd like to probe though and find out.
I thought it was really wood, but they won't catch me.
Not the movie theater anyway.
Anyway, we do get a key West once in a while.
We don't get to hear you down there, but we do go.
We send you postcards from there.
We do support you.
We love you and keep up the good work.
Thanks.
For the Millus House and everything.
We think you're great.
Have a great day.
Okay, bye bye.
Speaking of Camilla, South's house, he and pop through a little weasley head in here a little while ago and said that the phones are ringing off the hook over there.
So we're very close to 120 now.
I don't want to tell you how close because they will stop calling.
375-0763.
They got the best of meal cassettes, best of meal CDs, all those great t-shirts for Reneerie Rodgers, Rick and Suds and Goldberg, moaning over Miami.
And we really appreciate your help and they need it desperately.
375-0763.
Speaking of making a few bucks, go out to Gulfstream this weekend.
You don't have to get to that time.
3, 2, 3, 2, 5, 4, 3.
Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come.
Any better than Neil Rodgers.
What is it, Halsey?
You look like you're bubbling over with information.
What is it?
Thank you, John Hambrick, one of the great Americans in the history of the human race, one of my favorite people, just doing a pledge $200 to Camilla, South's.
Thank you, John.
And John said, if I give busted for something really big, you might go to up to 500.
How do you like that?
And thanks to Barbara Sloan, who as long as we're talking about six, one of the sweetest, nicest, most incredible people.
She called me yesterday and I didn't realize at the time she said, this is the first time we've ever spoken.
Which I can't get over because I mean, I feel like I know her and she sent me plans and I've sent her autograph pictures and we've kind of like done it back and forth so to speak over the phone and whatever.
But thank you, Barbara, and join your great Americans.
1053-00WI-O-G-P-R-I-N-E-O-L-What's up?
What's up?
That expression, sir.
Bad expression.
Sorry, I'll drop the rest of the bad jokes.
Just wanted to lend you a hand of support from Brian.
A hand of the helping hand from P-Rion.
You got it.
And I accidentally caught Rick Sanchez about 130 in the morning and it was shocking.
It's a good thing you were held up in your house. It would be a shame if he tried to squat on you.
He was just emotional. I mean, got so syrupy and so just I never realized he cared for me that much.
And there is a hand of mine.
I think there might be something there, you know what I'm saying?
I honestly think.
Because they say that love and hate is that fine line. It gets real close.
Well, he tends to cross the line.
But the hair does cross it.
Anyway, I just wanted to call and lend a hand of support like I said.
And I'd like to call my housekeeper a douchebag if I may.
Okay.
Joe, you're a douchebag.
Great job, sir.
Thank you. Good luck.
Yeah, okay. Thank you.
1054-00WI-O-D. We have an open line of dates.
7519-463.
Lots of facts is coming in. All of them.
Nice. How about a little hate, huh?
Now, we don't need any hate.
Let's have a real syrupy.
Just a gushing outpouring of emotion and love and kindness and sucking around.
Here's a lady in Palm Springs.
Vinyl.
Hi.
I just wanted to call and also offer support.
Thank you.
And I think that it's everybody that supports you.
And you said, cost-military house was $1 a donation.
They're going to have more money than they ever had in their lives.
You might be great.
It would be wonderful.
I mean, everybody that I know loves you.
I know millions of people that listen to you.
It's $1.
And you've got it named.
$125 will be left in the dark.
Right.
And I just want to say that I think it's a terrible single-state duty.
They have nothing better to do with those policemen.
And they should leave you alone and take care of the people that are really breaking the law.
Yeah.
It's really sad.
It is sad.
They have to go out of their way.
What people do and they don't say it is left alone.
That's what they're there for those people.
Assuming they were doing what they're doing.
That's what I was.
My next one, I was assuming you were doing or anybody was doing what they say.
When the entire story does come out, it's just going to bother your mind.
It's just astonishing.
It's just amazing.
I don't believe a word of it.
The fact is that my opinion, I think they're not safe looking for you for years.
And that's the bottom line here.
They found a way to catch you.
Okay.
Okay.
You have a great weekend.
You two take out.
We all love you.
Thanks.
All right.
Bye-bye.
1055 at WIOD, open line out of town, Palm Beach, wherever 189444 WIOD.
Dear Field.
Don't beat up.
You're right.
You know, I've listened to you long enough and gone enough to you,
to know that you would need them.
I know you can't comment on it.
But you would need a Marlon's t-shirt to cover your private parts.
You could hide it with a Marlon's cocktail, Macon.
Were they a symbol?
Yeah.
They call me Thumbelina for sure.
Baby, well, since somebody said you were pulling a stunt.
I think it was Stump.
Okay.
Well, you know, Neon Pay and there, you're probably one of the most unique and gifted persons we have
and so far, and we need to keep you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Chef.
I'm on scene.
1056 at WIOD, open line in Broward, 5249463.
I am going to play that Larry King thing when we come back after the news.
It's just a couple of minutes.
And it is astonishing and shocking that Larry is such a tremendous humanitarian and great
and defender of people's individual liberties.
Only 50 dollars.
Also, thanks to the Van Lady, by the way, who puts up a big thing.
And my birthday in Anniversary, over years, she puts up on her gate.
She's got one of those computer-generated sign things.
And this time, she's got a big sign.
I think she did this one by hand if I can say that.
So we love you, Nelson.
She always puts my real name instead of Neal because she doesn't want to let everybody in neighborhood know who I am,
as if they don't already write.
But thank you, Van Lady.
You're amazing.
And stop picking on Chad.
And by the way, when I drove by the right away of the track last night, Chad ran back in with that garage like an ax murderer was coming.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hello.
Hi, Neal.
How you doing?
All right.
I wanted to tell you two things, but I saw on Channel 7.
First of all, you compared you to Peewee.
So I wouldn't know what time the show is going to be on Saturday.
Yeah, I'm taking over that show.
Peewee's playhouse for adults.
If you're exactly the same, then you must have a TV show somewhere, right?
Right.
And you do...
Well, I'll tell you after the performance and here by the media, they should have enough footage now to carry like at least a 13-week series anyway.
Right. I think every single week you should have the secret word.
They said it would be a mini-series.
I think they're trying to put me on.
Well, the other thing was my favorite part of the whole Channel 7 newscast was the reported from Channel 7.
I can't think of her name.
Who had all the candy bars?
Did you see that?
That was cute, I thought.
I like you.
You were like, you had a good one.
You were like, you had a good one.
You had a good one.
Well, yeah, but you see, seriously, what that did is it pointed up how ridiculous that whole thing was with the FCC with that candy bar thing.
It was ridiculous.
It was melt in the hand, too.
And the candy bar also.
But good luck to me.
Thanks.
Thank you.
How do I do it?
1058 at WIOD and OpenLine in the brown, 524.
And the other townline is vacant as quiet.
Isn't that amazing?
See, I should have been here yesterday.
Chuck, I should have exploited and milked it for all its worth.
1-800-944-WIOD for a lot of day on a starline.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Well, I'll tell you what, Bonnie and Mike and Sarah and Perrin were all for you.
And cops lie all the time.
I deal with them every day.
When I go to court, they will lie throughout your...
Throughout this, that you can count on it.
Then the other thing is, let's get to what's really important.
Who killed Jean and will Fletcher ever get laid?
Exactly.
And the last part, I think the answer is absolutely not.
Probably not.
Not if he's counting on the Netherlands.
At least they got rid of the frosted hair anyway.
And you'll be pleased to know that in the midst of all of this, I did not miss guiding like yesterday.
Well, I never have for 10 years and keep up the good work.
And send the Eric back to a Yugoslavia where he belongs.
Can't play the piano worth the leg.
Exactly.
And he's using Fletcher's old hats too, by the way.
Have a Ray weekend.
Boy boy.
Well, listen, that's going to kill the first hour.
There's an open line on the star line.
It's star IOD.
And also, you know, if long we're going to get syrupy and thank everybody that the audience has been tremendously supportive and wonderful and positive and sucked around almost at the point of obnoxiousness.
But I do appreciate that.
There are a lot of super people out there and we don't always hear from them because they got nothing to say.
And we're not in the category of some of the chronic's, but you've been great and I do appreciate it.
Anyway, Rick and Spud, Rick Riley did come in at home yesterday and said, man, you get more publicity than in one day than we get in our whole lifetime.
How do you do it?
So he's out at the pussycat right now at the street and we'll be getting the film at the noon.
Anyway, sports tough with old number 88 in spite of all of these wimpy images, man.
We continue with that macho sports stuff on this station.
There's no stop in us.
Jim Mandice is going to analize all the five-year-old football players for you out there.
Hank, we hope we'll be back tonight at any rate the guest Olympic gold medal skaters,
Katerina Wit and Brian Botano, eight o'clock with Hank tonight.
This is Neil Rogers Show.
The good and touch and talk with Neil Dio, 751 WIOD from today.
Inbrowder, 524 WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code, toll free, 1-800-944 WIOD.
And Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IODs.
The Indians expressed by the guests host her callers and not necessarily those of this station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on News.radio, 610 WIOD.
Thanks, Mary. It's Open Toronto Marrakes. Miami Beach, hello.
Larry, I don't know if you heard Miami Beach WIOD radio personality Neil Rogers was arrested for allegedly exposing his sexual part.
And one of your head heard the story about your former colleague and what your reaction was.
I never do it that. I never worked. Is that true? Or you're putting me on? That's true.
I never worked with Neil. He was always at another station. I haven't seen him.
It was apparently 15 years. And what happened once was the night Neil came out of the closet.
Neil's a broadcast who was a mid-home sexual. And he had a first in the United States, I think, to do that.
Is that I had head on on my show. He worked at another station. He worked at WKT.
And I was on IOD with Sergeant Matt Levich, Leonard Matt Levich, who's socially died of AIDS.
And Matt Levich that night on my show, Cole, on everybody who was whole, who was gay to come out of the closet.
He just said that was the way to do it. Come out and we'll end this, all this tragedy that goes on in America.
And then next day Neil came out, called me to say that he had heard Matt Levich and that was the thing that prompted him to do that.
And then I haven't seen him in 15 years. I know that he's, he attacks me a lot, but I have no idea why I don't know him.
I mean, I, by not knowing him, I wouldn't recognize him on the street. I haven't seen him in 15 years.
Last time I saw him, he weighed like 400 pounds. And I, I'm sorry to hear that. What are they charging with?
Well, it's, I guess, a form of an expo, but apparently it may have been a setup.
What do you mean, setup?
Well, it seems like the police may have set him up to, he was in the theater and he doesn't deny this, but it's possible they have targeted him because he's critical of the police down here.
Yeah, but he can't force a man to expose himself.
No, but they may have charged him, you know, not for not, for doing something that he didn't do.
Oh, he's denying it.
Yes.
Oh, I see. What's the station doing?
They're supporting him all the way. And so, and so is listeners and fans, which they had a show today.
Everybody called in and supported him. There were some people that voiced opinions against him. A lot of the advertisers supported him.
The station is, I hope, he on the air back this morning.
What police have on the rest of them?
Miami Beach.
Well, what, he was in a movie theater?
Yeah.
I'm going to get a homosexual movie theater.
I was, I don't know, it's called the gayity theater. I think it's an adult theater.
The police report says he was watching a heterosexual movie.
And then we'll do it that.
Okay, I have no comment on it. And I believe in innocence, presumed innocence.
And a man is innocent to prove him guilty.
I've a salute to station for not taking more fear.
You shouldn't take a person out here until guilt is proven.
And I hope the justice system prevails.
I don't think that's a crime, by the way.
And I don't think it was a crime in the case of a few of Herman.
And I don't think it's a crime in the case if that's what he did.
And certainly if he says he didn't do it, we respect that I believe in innocence,
and until proven guilty.
And I salute W.I.D.
I'll be in Miami over the weekend.
I can't be on W.I.D. tomorrow.
Longly frustrated, I'll.
Lebanon, oh, no.
I'm just-
Okay, that's where I'm going.
I'll cut the crap.
Okay, enough free time on this show.
He'll be out with Chuck tomorrow on Wicked Magazine from the Rock here being classed on Cuba's game.
And I'm at it's after 11 at W.I.D. North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Long gone.
South Miami.
Yeah, thanks for some new news on the bitches.
I mean, the news at 730.
Yeah.
So we could hear, you know, I was sick of the Kennedy getting shot.
Yeah, we need a little diversion.
There's something new that's got to come along.
We're getting pretty still.
You know, John Murn is super fast and the new, I mean, it's good.
Yeah, it is good.
Right now I have to say, Kane, Sanchez, you're an athlete.
I mean, just big major dripping athlete.
And they're just something ridiculous yesterday.
Okay.
But I appreciate you doing that because I was speeding on Miami Beach on the college way that night.
And I know you're just pulling cops with the radar guns away from there.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
I knew you could beat it.
The bill is hand-held it well.
Okay, see, boy, they have been working on it for like 24 hours these people.
Feverishly, who's that out of the bad line?
Is that for me?
It is for me?
Who is this?
Bill, this is Rick Satchel from Channel 7 News.
Who is this?
This is Mark Motley over at Power 96.
Mark Motley.
Sanchez, I just like Ray B. Delma.
You sound like Ray B. Del doing sunny-fots.
That's where do you do?
You sound just like Ray B. Del do with sunny-fives.
I'm calling from the glass house here.
Yes.
Don't throw any stone.
Don't throw any pebbles, baby.
I like it.
Listen, I just want to say one thing and that is that I mean this.
I hope your ratings don't go up.
I know, because if they do, you're going to be pretty peeled about it.
No, because we had problems.
Our ratings went up.
If your ratings go up, you're going to have radio people in this town jumping off.
Building, holding hostages.
Well, listen, I can give you a list of Zook and Starts.
Especially with the jumping off the building part.
Well, listen, good luck to you.
And you'll be pleased to know, by the way, that I had very nice calls from a Tanner
and Toss yesterday at home and Caprita and just about anybody who is anybody
and some people who aren't much of anybody, quite frankly, but think they are.
But just from everything that I've heard.
Even Barry Epstein called me at home yesterday.
Man, I'm sorry.
That made my day very or a great guy, but emotional, a basket case.
From everything that I've heard and I've seen, the conclusion that I've drawn is that, you know,
this was some kind of a witch hunt.
I really think that.
Well, it was some kind of crap.
I'll turn it in.
The crap is the opposite of word.
But we'll have complete live team coverage.
Life's 10.
Well, put your head to work and do a good bit for me.
Wait, you haven't done anything since Ann Bishop.
Oh, yeah.
You notice that on 10, they won't say masturbate.
Oh, they won't?
No.
They won't do it either, by the way.
That's right on channel 9.
No, those people will not do it.
We don't say words like masturbate on channel 9.
I wouldn't use.
So how did Grandma handle it and the story, too?
Well, we substituted the phrase, slapping little Johnny behind the ear.
Oh, man.
God, they've been evil at 10 and now they're getting punished and getting spanked for it.
I cannot believe it.
I heard that she got so emotional about this, she drove the diesel truck right over the
Julian truck right over the car's way.
But it could be just a bad rumor.
Mark, do me something good, okay?
Okay.
And have a great life.
I you too.
Mark Mosley, boy, all these people are what?
A muscle in on this act.
12 minutes after 11 at WIOG.
Everyone, how car thieves do cars so fast?
Well, listen to this tactic that's often used in today's popular sport utility vehicles like Toyota
4Runner and Nissan Pathfinder.
The thief pops the door lock.
It's the ignition key code number.
With this number and a portable key maker, he makes a duplicate key and drives away with your vehicle in his little
Seven minutes on real.
Now, you face the hassle of no car for 30 days, loss of your deductible, loss of personal items,
and the negotiations with your insurance company.
On the other hand, the thief has your vehicle, either strip and sell the parts or export it.
Either way, he makes a tidy profit with little risk.
If the situation sounds hopeless, the good news is that it is absolutely not because Lowjack,
only Lowjack offers total protection through its Lowjack retrieving and I theft options, prevent and alert.
So ask your new car dealer to have Lowjack installed on your car when you buy it or to get all the information called Elaine.
Because Lowjack is the only security system that offers you total protection, prevention, and recovery.
1-853 Lowjack, it's affordable and it really works.
1-850-535-6522.
You know, in this impersonal high-tech age, you have shopped by phone car dealers.
It's nice to know with some things never change.
Like the personal one on one service you'll get from Spitzer Dodge.
Here's General Manager, let example.
What makes things different, the people in our philosophy, and our philosophy is we want to treat you like a person,
like you'd want to be treated or like you'd treat somebody yourself.
You know, I'm the guy that does a commercial, but I'm not the guy that most people deal with when they come in.
It's the people that work with me.
And I put the challenge out to them, or I guess I put the onus on them to make sure that people are taking care of when they come in.
Because I'm putting all these promises on the air.
And I think they have to carry them out. They're the ones that carry through water.
The other thing I'd like to mention too, when personalized service, when people come in for service, after they bought the car,
we've got people there to take care of. It's not an impersonal thing.
And basically, it all comes down to one thing.
The right car and the right price for the right place.
50 Dodge, 301, Jeff Fixi Highway, hope safe.
I'm Lenny Zabo, and you've got my word on it.
Why haven't I got a security system in my house? Because I don't think I need one.
Every 10.5 seconds in America, a home is burglarized.
I'm locked my door to my windows when I'm gone.
It takes a thief less than 60 seconds to force open most locked doors.
Besides, I'm not sure a security system is a good deterrent.
According to FBI statistics, homes with monitored security systems are 15 times less likely to be burglarized than those without.
And aren't they super expensive?
For just $95, Westinghouse will install three door sensors, motion detector, interior siren, master control panel, window decals and a yard sign.
Monitoring is just $24.95 per month.
And the system I get afford wouldn't be enough for my house.
The basic Westinghouse security system will protect most homes up to $2500 square feet.
And Westinghouse responds within seconds to any alarming monitor.
Oh, $1,800, Smart 30.
Yeah, I probably do need a security system.
I guess I figured it would never happen to me.
Westinghouse security system is 1,800, Smart 30.
You could be sure it is at Westinghouse.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
You are the dumbest and faggot of cruising down the can.
Got my whip, my boots, my zilzer.
But something's not the same.
Oh, I am not so low-temps.
This life just ain't for me.
Going to trade Bernie, spend two weeks big group weeks that we've reached.
Oh, day, Bruce D. I'm going down today.
I opened up my closet and found out I was gay.
Yikes, you bade meります!
park tonight we got call the witness and the he's the best bet in the sun
central this morning by the way for tonight so maybe we'll make some more big
bucks and thanks to Alan thinklson and Ralph and Alan and all the people in
the herald duress and john cashman man they treated me like they I had my
personal body guards it popularized I keep an all the media slime balls out of
there I mean well what is it get to my we want to take you at the track we want
to take you take an leak we want to take what is it I mean what is it that you're
looking for okay much of a maniacs exploitors just to love an every moment of
human suffering and misery but have a nice day sunrise yeah hope you
rock the house up to this morning me no I like to do a wide open and I still
like that Craig had a great line yesterday so it's gonna take some sodas out
to the board guy sitting in a car the guy from poor was sitting out there for
six hours in that car and a blistering heat snake hours so they could get
a tape of me waving goodbye to the track I'm right going through your stuff right
now as we speak well good I hope they have a good time I want to say truck at a
great job by the way leave my cup tapes along and George must be going crazy with
the phones it must be ringing off the hook why he said we haven't had this
many calls since a great long got fired I just want to say those North Miami Beach
pigs or you know what and it's ridiculous that that happened that they were
registered for something ridiculous is that I think we should all go our local
triple-leg theater sitting in the back row and see what happens when we go we
got so they get what they want when and out yank it out and Brett your first
class beach back okay see him emotional very emotional 1118 a W I with the
open line in the center square 5249463 the thing that does disturb me a
little bit is that there are people who are just who really believe that this
is a big deal I mean in any way shape or form if there are people out there
who are more phase and blown away I guess maybe because they're naive and they
don't understand what's going on around them Miami hello okay whatever you say
19 past 11 W I would do we have an open-line today 7519463 751 W I would
dare Camilla Sous total we are going to make beyond the shadow of a doubt I I
just can't get over it because it's today's the last day see I'll tell you what
really happened to I knew we were at the last couple of days of our
Camilla Sous campaign things had slowed down to a crawl there was no way in the
world we were going to make 120 thousand it was such a nice reachable number so
we had to do something sensational and juicy and really just mind blowing to
get the audience off their ass and about in a work work like a charm you people
got to those phones man like all of a sudden somebody had given you doggy
uppers look flying to the phone hey we want to donate hair hair just take
everything I got and it's great and you keep doing it 375 07 6 3 just whip I
guess I shouldn't say whip out your visa master card just pull it out gently
that's bad too and get your donations and okay 375 07 6 3 because today is our
final day and we are going to go over 120 thousand and all time record this
year and a year when everybody even the vanity can't afford her good printing
hi Neil thank you so much for your lovely sign our artwork is slipping a little
bit we were I was so upset why no I was even my mother wasn't so upset she was
just in dignity and outrage that's you know that was the first person I thought of
when I heard you're poor mom but anyway no my hand was my computer stamp I had to
do it by hand really that only more bad material yeah and get home or I bet
you chance not speaking to you anymore yes I'm telling you I was driving with
Craig to the track my one trip out of the house yesterday and I get to the
end of the street make that left turn and he ran back into that garage like
Charles Manson and Jeffrey Dahmer just stopped by for lunch it was probably
a great Craig probably that's true and with good reason to I had channel 6 not
gonna my door yesterday no yes I didn't know well they're pressing up to a right
here they said yes we went that one did they know you were the vanity well
she was trying to get me to go is it you oh she's in here right now she's nice
she was there they were very nice and then the camera came in you know they
think he looked at the van I said uh oh yeah I told him it was a valentine to my
boyfriend and he looked at me kind of funny yeah but they got me but anyway I
just want to say um nice picture yeah beautiful your lord okay well I hold I
really called to thank you for my presence in my mailbox oh okay yeah I was
gonna call today anyway and then so but and I have to tell you that can't
plumbing support you well I'm nice my plumber called to tell me great well I'm
really emotional about the alcohol and plug up the toilet this afternoon just so I
can call him out okay that's good and they had a Ross for me too I'm sure that
he's given me his big support yes absolutely they don't know why well I'll be
sure I think they do that oh jeez great well this is the only way I can get
across I know you are yeah okay well listen have a good day and you too
bye and thanks yeah what is he's a sweetheart 22 after 11 everybody in the
world should have neighbors like the van lady all we're doing pizza lot
how come Jeff Cohen has in call I can't believe it he did call but you were
smart enough not to tell me he called thank you George Jeff Cohen already did
call and gushing and sucking around all over the place for free plugs and
it's pizza lot and flag there by the Palmetto and we love Neil and there's
nothing he can do and he can rip me and talk about the fruit flies on the ceiling
anyway the food is great and it's fresh and it's delicious and the price is
right the greatest pizza in Calzone and Sicilian pan pizza and Fugaza which is
the stuffed spicy pizza and homemade Italian dishes like award-winning lasagna
and stuffed shells and eggplant Parmesan and sausages and meatballs in the
whole it's just tremendous for lunch
buying
1126 Championship
here's Port Saint Lucy yes Neil,
me'll be
focus here what is going on ineger with the saddle appel
why are they different than New York's why they make in New York yeah what is
New York have to with park me New York started honestly too right
Roosevelt well not really no ocean remember go shouldn't want before there was a
Roosevelt there was a go shouldn't there was probably Decoin and there was like
all these Midwestern I mean not everything started in New York that was good
but I mean shouldn't the sport have the same I understand what you're saying in
you know about one twenty dollars off this jerk in New York you know usually
red is number one and white is let me just think up to it right is number two
five and six a mix and yellow is five right right the two and three in the
five and six a mix I know that in fact you're right because six is yellow at
the metal land right and I saw last that I had the I had the five horse pianist
I think you know the two of that did you know I did not make you like nickel 70
to one that's what Mickey's dangerous but I did have the five across and I
he paid a huge price at the metal lands across the board and here he paid kind
of a mediocre price but I made a few bucks on a race but anyway then the
horse that was third on the inside which was Campbell in the six and I kept
thinking because the photo was a long I kept thinking who is that what is
and rich couldn't tell and we just until they put the numbers up so it is
all right it's been a couple of night ago to or it would be uniform it's
right wagering and his guy yelling five is a photo yeah no I understand what you
say well I want twenty bucks because I don't five and I know the father's
even in the photo yeah it was a six in the one well it's good way to get a
little yes good way to make money it's it's it's amazing what right the other
thing is what's with the summer meet is it gonna be awesome what it what it is
it is unofficially on it is gonna happen yes it is just a continuation from
May to or what well I don't know the exact dates but again it's not a hundred
percent official but I'd say ninety nine and a half percent yeah what did
the track wagering they should do it right they'll do okay and it won't see
you know when we quite the same quality but hey racing is racing and you have
all the different ways to bet and I'll be out there and I'll be better than
the the sisters and the dog new betcha and better than those little tiny horses
they run for four seconds to yes that's true okay see you tonight okay
tonight's call the witness big you have people's horse night eleven twenty eight
we have an open light out of town one eight hundred nine four four Mickey the
great-name ladies and gentlemen send me a beautiful plant look at that is that
nice or what beautiful flowers and I hope Mickey didn't put one of her Indian
curses inside the vase there but not thank you Mickey you're okay okay didn't
have your home number but I did call that was very sweet Mickey who's with a
movie twenty nine after eleven here's Hollywood hello hello Dale yes sir how you
doing okay are you seeing any gun movie lately oh yeah some back slappers
from back slappers as in slappers that is as bug is it yeah yeah
bonus here with the uh court just after law for the cross searches for the
much searches no more crotch searches no more crotch searches more crotch
dammit that's the only fun part have a great day sir so we're up twenty nine
after eleven at W.I.O.D. we have an open-minded broward five two four see these are
my people coming back now Chuck yesterday got all the people that are nearly
don't call who are wonderful folks but these are my morons and we love it
Kendall hello hello yes sir I need I don't I'm doing fine welcome back thank you so
much well for all your opinions about Chuck he's a hell of a guy did I he did a
hell of a guy I went you didn't hear the beginning of the show I went to
the pilot family we forgive lengthy emotional tribute is one of the finest
broadcasters one of the most talented people he's just a great American even
a few years for the craft sometime well it proves to say what you said all
along is true we live in a fascist state yes sir the pig
we got one plastic as you got it you got it you got it you got it the pigs up in
North Miami bitch I did them so huh this was a Miami Beach by the way I'm not
gonna make any comments okay okay okay okay well get the tell my
get the tell good to hear you back good to hear your jovial professional
self well behind you instead of in front of you and your true fans know that
when you go to court it'll be dismissed for lack of evidence right okay and
good luck and have a great life and I'd like to call my buddy Gern and we're
over major closet nearly they're douchebags okay take care and see you bye
love them thirty at W.I.O.D. no more eight corn jokes today okay and I was
enough let's go to high alia hello how you doing I'm doing fine listen you know
you you know I don't know I was waiting a minute slow down you sound so
emotional like you're rather verge of breaking no you know you you you you you
jump on everybody's case or really you know it doesn't matter who you rag on
or whatever but there was two distinct differences yesterday here you had
Mr. Eagle you know just rather than at the mouth and everything and then
someone who you always you know you're always making fun of Irene Richards they
interviewed her last night I saw that and you know I thought it was that was
in good taste the way she did it she could have ripped into you and she sort of
handled it pretty good and that's the way I think most of them really is Irene
Richards yeah you know most fun to see a lot of the people I don't know you know
I'm not talking about you but a lot of people in general can't and including some
of the people in this business by the way because of their massive egos they
don't know the difference between on the year stick and business and
personally they don't know what the where the line is or what it is and there's a
big difference yeah it's you know is it big different when the initial thing
with Tanner broke I went and met with him the next morning and I came on here
and I was very defensive as long as I felt I could be and now after him calling
me yesterday we had another conversation I really have very mixed feelings about
that whole deal because I think that he's really getting a bad wrap and there's
more stuff coming on that and there's a lot of things being blown out of
proportion and twisted and manipulated but I don't I don't try to exploit
other people's misfortune as far as Rick Sanchez is going which I keep here
and about you know I didn't harm anybody else I wasn't intoxicated there is
nobody sitting in a coma because of anything that I've done and people who
try to make a correlation between the thing that I was sucked into and this
and the deals with him what is the relationship you didn't you didn't copy
police I mean this guy copped the police that that's so the sign of some kind of
being guilty but you know you had this guy calling Mr. Eagle yesterday
you know it took me a hard time you're trying to get that patient to good I
knew that you know once this broke that he was gonna you know he was just gonna
go crazy but again I expected that and I don't have a problem with that but it's
just also phoning and so get tried and so everything else that they do well you
know the thing is that the other personalities were didn't they fit the you
know the first 20 minutes half hour it was good but then it started to get old
after a while and they wanted to go on with their business that he wouldn't allow
them yeah and he has this one guy called in and starts talking about what you
did to Tanner and that that is daughter could I not tell her to talk to the daughter
called in almost to a title and cry well you know that's very interesting
because Doc's called me yesterday at home and we had a great conversation and
the cops has been around the block a few times he knows the difference between
stick and you know right first like but his daughter his daughter was it I mean
you know at first she seemed to sit but then when she got to realize that you
were really you know in just and you were having a good time she started with
able to deal with it it wasn't like she was gonna kill herself because you know
what you were saying about her dad you know some of these people just go way
overboard I'm glad you're back on the air don't be emotional I just
think it's gonna be and one thousand years from now nobody will give a crap
about any of this you know and one of these days it'll be one of one of her
robber stories the story behind the story and everybody else I'll be on
his face brother do the interview though it's not swishy for me have a great
day I take care see it 26 till noon at W.S. so you were not going on the
van ladies house you did knock her door down or you look very gently we're just
tapping it on story open line at day 751 W.I.O.D. and we got a real superstar
before it's good thing it's almost time for the break morning meal well here he is
didn't want to miss out you were a good looking guy on that one TV report
when you were with the hair up on oh you mean with the jacket on
I could meant them with a mug shot with a hair up in the ear and the eyeballs
flaming you could really see the weight loss yeah look great oh you stopped
sucking around Jeff it's just I mean the public is barfing all over the place
right they can't believe this performance well I'm telling you one day we're
going to have an I.O.D. Oscar for Jeff Cohen for the most incredible overacting
and just a performance that the defies description I'll start putting the
shelf up on the wall yeah but yeah right I'm sure you would I'm sure you would
well we're cooking away we're feeding your station today out front well that's great
a little comedy then in burrs gonna give me some supercross the street is bringing
me some young guy and I will my return today and I hope you do a great job for
everybody else not sure we will listen nice to hear how you back nice to be
ahead and like I said you were great last night yeah what Jeff I got to go and
get the then cart just oh man get the hoover out the moon yeah see you shortly
Joe bye bye get a haircut slime ball 25 till noon at W.I.O.D. and speaking of
here what a segue thanks so much for Jeff Cohen if you got like no hair in front
you just got like a bun in the back you're here I'm talking about summer
1990 is the summer of Dick Tracy you will see the movie listen to the soundtrack
wear the t-shirt and read the comic book and now just in time for Father's Day
you can enjoy the fragrance that was inspired by the movie the soundtrack the
t-shirt and the comic book new Dick Tracy Cologne why smell like other guys now
you have a very light now right oh excuse me love 40 at W.I.O.D. little Andy
there's trying to muscle in on the air let's go to a Fort Lauderdale hello
I'm doing fine first time crawler right and the reason I'm calling my wife
saw how I bought it she told me to call you she listened to the first three
years and the amazing thing is I just can't believe it what the world's coming
to and you know you have your own pride to see your nothing in this world
today I was in a coma for 27 years I was breaking doing drugs and everything
and I'm probably straight after 11 11 months you don't work at channel 70
do you think I just a joke oh no I didn't make channel seven news they're
ready are you cereal excuse it well I guess if that's the kind of stuff you do
you'll be on channel seven news I didn't make that all the news because I was
one of the first guys arrested for driving they could take away your
license on the spot and I was in drunk that night and they pulled me over that
was one night I wasn't drunk and the cops says to me didn't like the way I
looked at it pulled me in got real nasty so I gave him a new set of bridge work
and no extra charge right and no extra charge and then no extra charge I mean
he got real nasty stick wise and all right I mean that's the only reason I
ended up where I went to the program and and it's amazing that my life has changed
but one thing the judge did do me a favor I mean my whole life has changed
I met somebody got married happy straight it's a different life after so
many years well I'm sure straight is a different life but I don't you know
I'm holding my breath I hold me a breath but you know it's amazing that today
would go on today with everybody it's just you know I'm like it's almost like
living in a world that you're gonna watch out what you do it's insane it's
got to the point now where it's just it's so out of control that if you pick
your nose with the wrong finger they're gonna you know come and bust you it's
crazy it's a lot of time for the land for about two or a year now yeah
yeah that's nice chest any belts for everybody sir and only
El Presidente will have the key to listen you have a great weekend I can't
think of why yeah my sonless is this and I just want to tell him say hi to
jewels you brain debt oh he's a super duper super duper okay all right
good bye yeah okay see him 1142 a WI would be an open line in Broward 524946
and three here's a lady in homestead hey hi how's it going great listen I got
a I want three blocks to call you I want three whole blocks three like hey I've got
challenges on my fingers just from dial and I can say something about that but I
want
listen my new husband he says that he thinks that you didn't do it yeah and they
just made the stuff up and I gotta say what I really don't care what he did
or not these businesses are mine exactly and I think I think the big deal
is they're making out this the else and I think if anybody else is on it they
wouldn't be saying anything but oh you work on the radio so they're just gonna
pull you in and make news out of it yeah so I thought I'd call you out and
tell you to check out my before well thanks a lot of thanks for walking yeah
right have a great weekend yeah bye bye
1143 at WIOD of Coral Springs hello yeah hey male yes sir you know the whole
thing I had a similar situation only with the DEA I told the guy copier and they
said I sold cocaine you sold a copier yeah they brought me in arrest me for
selling cocaine how I don't know I think they got I think they're
sampling their own products for some could be but I you know fascism is alive
but not these are here I've been saying that for years and I know that a lot of
people think I exaggerate and I overreact and that I get carried away and I'm
just out of control it is the true and somewhere so soon somebody's gonna have
to draw the line or they're gonna be no freedoms left anywhere in this country
it's very frightening to go through it I don't you know I myself know because I
mean it's terrifying with these people like living in a virtual police state
yeah my attorney says just drop it don't don't do anything don't say anything
well and that's a problem just like my coming on here today and I can't really
say anything about anything which is pathetic but that's the way our system is
you just have to kind of went out and the gloss it all over and to suck up to
people and all of that and then that's the way you make everything go away
yeah and it's it's horrendous it's an nightmare it's incredible why I
don't say anything for another three months it would happen right I mean they got
no three they got another three months before they could do whatever they want to
yeah I am doing anything to begin with well good luck yeah hey good luck to you
too thank you hang in there hey you two yeah
five long 45 at WIOD we have an open line on the star line if you have
both sound mobility just to pick it up and give it a flick at five at the
star I would be all Maria yes Maria me and why did you call me you know I
have a lot of decolunies Maria try to control yourself be a lady now Maria
don't start getting gross and crass all the way it's kind of interesting the other
side of Maria is coming up you bet I mean unbelievable
she's butting up to the point where pretty safe you put your up on up Maria you
can work on channel 10 news oh god I don't believe this honestly you know when
I heard that I said I'm dreaming this is a nightmare yeah and I know I got it
I got to be honest with you I'm not really all that surprise you know again I
can't make any comment on the specifics but I'm not the least bit surprised
and at this point anything that happens in this country is not gonna surprise
maybe because it's just a part of it ongoing escalating pattern yeah it doesn't
stop with all the trying that's going on and other stuff and they don't believe
on believe it yes that's it anyway you know we're with you and that's the
important thing and I'm very proud of WIOB they've been super I want to say it again
they've been incredibly great and that goes all the way up to the people in
Atlanta all those Yahoo's up there at Atlanta and down here etc.
Absolutely beautiful well thank you Maria and you hang in there we shall overcome
yes okay there bye thanks again to Mickey for that beautiful thing of
flower is what I think she conjured it up with a spell here's West Palm Beach
hello Neil come down did you say Nick I don't know where I was thinking a lot
of them or something oh Nick a lot of them yeah I think no no I know I guess I
think of a sheriff down here and the similarity he was thinking of the sheriff of
the BS I think the worst thing I heard from the whole thing is he was it actually
true that pain called up the bird in Legland to get his car as I understand it
because Norm Kent was on the way from this station and the breathless press
conferences back home and I again want to thank Norm tremendous because he's
been a home sick for a couple of weeks and he ran all around for me at my you know
and I really appreciate it but anyway he had called me and is from his car just
all breathless and hysterical that the bird had called it on Alice's show and
you know I said I'm not going to listen to it and I know really care and when
you're dealing with petty little people who have an axe to grind I'm sure you
just repeated the same old crap that he had fed the new times that they didn't
see fit to print because we're such a bunch of garbage people who live in glass
cages like the bird should not be throwing stones okay okay and I have just
another point I did call up the beach beach beach police and I only got through
to the desk and I just want to say if you were trying to hurt this man you've
seen the support you've given them yeah you've seen what you've done for that
Camilla's house and if this is your idea this was some kind of a deal to hurt
them I don't think it worked and the woman who answered a phone she was really
nice and she was listening to the there are a lot of very nice people over there
by the way too I'm not going to paint any organization with a big broad brush
because both that metro and over on the beach there was some really very nice
people well I don't think that you hurt them and that much just turn out a radio
and listen to it okay okay you have a great day bye let them 48 at WIOD if
you're one of those who's really sick and pain
and I am sick and I guess that the queue and hey where's that going what's
he doing with that machine gun oh my god
well there was a wife you were fed up with reading one story after another
about drugs and violence now she wants to write the wrong and rewrite the
news in
and
starring and picture
don't get me please I'll see you tonight and bye
second time
and
the news that we're all in
what are you going to do with me when I get through with you there won't be enough of you want to make a good
two-way
starring and
picture
and
not
no
and
both
and
both
I bet
let me 53 at WIOD wait till you hear these numbers man these are incredible you
folks are doing it the Camilla House total is over 120,000 this morning alone already what time is not even
noon yet less than two hours and already they've had called into day
1,369
on visa mastercard over at the Camilla House that brings our grand total to 120,500 three dollars and
and money important 33 cents
incredible and we thank you and don't let up now man we might be able to post 125 see that's me I'm
really I want to get that total boost up the side as possible because I know it's going to a very much needed and great cause
375
0763 I'm sure the lines are jammed over there be patient and keep down into your think falls off
lot of hill
yeah where are you
all right let me get this thing off here's a man calling in a barrel
but you close on sir welcome back man thank you so much man hard felt we really missed you hard felt yeah or hard felt
yeah you know Chuck was real he was I just pictured him giggling and squirming every time he made some kind of comment
like that yesterday he was he was good he was great he wasn't good he was great that was probably the
greatest performance in Chuck Myers life seriously I mean it was under impossible conditions he handled it well he let
everybody say their peace and kept it you know under control and he was just terrific and I appreciate it yeah
Chuck's the man well I had to call you
Chuck's kind of like the smoky Burgess of radio you know you don't want to start him every day because he's got
like big and pudgy doesn't have the strength but when he did somebody come off the bench and hit that big
grand slam the homer in the penthamming that he's the guy good man now I had to call you to see my
appropriate time to tell you the story I know you don't like my my amy football and I don't
like that you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you
know they are fishή not go to fishή not go to fish Shane's
they are fishí not go to fish heís fishí okay whatíd¦t do?
but uh we even told you were peepielichen tengi it was one
there.
Now I say we know her challenge most when I am a fishery promoter
or yo superト 네가 le is a bird and I coenter but he lives in a fish boat
любовate bait is a bird you see how many regular fish canировать plant
and I think it makes sense just like I told you heís going the fish
e論 old fish and we are going sangat fast bang
not going to believe it. He risked off his shirt. He starts saying some kind of words
I'd never heard before. Now come on, you heard him. Well, they're in Spanish. Okay.
Okay. Okay. George says next time he'll interpret for you. Okay, good. We should have
George or with it. And the guy undoes his pants. I couldn't believe it. He really.
He ripped it right out. Uh oh. 30 years. There was a woman saying, I'm from him too. And
told it right out. And yeah, I can say in Spanish, say, you know, get on this or whatever.
Yeah. Uh the funny thing was it wasn't much to show off. Well, maybe that's why it
maybe that's why she was she was disappointed. It was no big deal. By the way, the words
that he was saying were nothing. Not for you. And I just tried to prove it. Nils, there
was not a cop anywhere. Yeah. This guy standing in front of thousands of people showing
his oil peanut and, uh, hey, no cop. Big bag of dope. Getting passed around. No cop.
I don't get it. It's not fair. Pass the donuts. It's ridiculous. Have a great day.
Thank you. Good luck. What a story. Let me 57. I guess there was no extra charge for
the floor show there at the orange ball. What a what a place. Uh tiny. Hi, I'm good.
Hi, oh, tiny. You sound like so guttural today. Where have you got that mic, baby? Oh boy.
By the way, I want to congratulate Winnie as a TV star. I didn't realize that the certain
individuals I won't mention their names because they may be close by were like right up
on my door stoop and, uh, like taping inside the little window there. And, uh, and, and
when he is a TV star, my golden retriever, tiny is pretty pissed off about it too. But he
so small they couldn't photograph it, which is kind of relates to the whole story. Too much,
too much young guy. Too, too much to some young guy. Yes, you have to play some kind of
that. And then I tell you, I love you. I will always listen and use a good guy. Thank you,
tiny. I love you. Love and kisses. Bye. Bye. Wow. Lemon 58 at WIOD at OpenLine and Bay
at 751. Here's Pember Pines. Hey, hey, I know. Great. I know there's not much time. So I'll
just get right to the point. Get right to it. I want to thank number one Chuck Myers and
you both for taking something that kind of was a negative thing and channeling to something
really positive. Okay. You know, you know, helping out to the list house with this is really
great and people showing support is. Hey, listen, if that's what it took, I mean, you know,
whatever, whatever motivates them, it turns them on. If that's kind of bizarre, but if
that's got them off their dead ass. Yeah, I mean, because it's unfortunate for you to go
through the hassles and all the look at what it's what it turned out to. Yeah. You know,
so anyway, we're behind 100%. Thanks. Bye. Okay. Let me give that total again, because even
I'm a well-md by it, 120,000, $503.33. If you're not familiar with our Camilla's house campaign,
we do each year for a couple of months from November till they had a January and raised
money for the homeless. And the record last year was 111,630 bucks, which far and
ways surpassed our previous records. And this year we didn't even set a goal because we're
in a depression and the charities are crying. And in spite of that, here it is on the last
official day of our campaign. And we've not only broken it, but demolished it and still
are doing it. Rick and Sput come along to the 6th to 6th, the known old number 88, Mr.
Mandage on Sports Talk at 605, Hank Goldberg showed a night with Olympic gold medal skaters
Katrina Whitt and Brian Motano 8 to 11 tonight. This is out Florida news, Drabbington
Weather Station, News Talk Radio, 10WIOZ, Miami, Fort Waterdale and the Palm Beach.
