The cops are angry.
News talk radio, 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To get in touch and talk with Neil, dial 751 WIOD from day.
Inbroward, it's 524 WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code, toll free 1-800-944 WIOD.
And bell-south mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest's toaster callers are not necessarily those of this station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on News Talk Radio, 610 WIOD.
I just have never seen anything that vivid and that massive.
The police are not allowed to be a police officer.
The police are not allowed to be a police officer.
The police are not allowed to be a police officer.
The police are not allowed to be a police officer.
Step aside, good people as the assholes are great.
We got the assholes for freedom, the assholes for fun, the assholes for Jesus, the assholes for guns, assholes for justice, assholes for crime, assholes for assholes for freedom.
The assholes for all time.
We got assholes making money, we're making all the rules, we're taking all our jobs, they're filling us by school.
Assholes on the water, assholes on the sky, design the self-help wanted, only assholes need a fly.
I agree.
Oh, teacher, won't you tell me, have I really made the race?
Am I in my class or am I just another asshole on the grade?
Assholes get the orders, and assholes grow the boat, assholes get elected, because assholes get the boat.
I want to start a sin, but all assholes never die, they just lay in bed in the multiply.
Assholes in the morning, assholes every night, assholes to the land, and assholes to the race.
That's 20,000 assholes, and that's all from the name.
Step aside, good people as the assholes are great.
We're back.
Oh no, man, can you just see that guy?
He was sure, we were going to be back today and we're back.
And guess what, we're going to be back tomorrow, and like on Thursday and Friday and seven weeks from Purim, and like six weeks from Shivuos, and the day after that.
How do you like that, sir, and have nice life?
So anyway, where the hell do we start today?
God, we got so much ground, the cover, and only four hours in which to do it, he said, so much ground.
And guess who called Rick and Sods yesterday afternoon?
If you missed it, man, you're snoozing.
I'll tell you that right now.
One of the most incredible calls in the history of broadcasting the bird.
The bird from Lakeland, okay, who is finding a kinder and gentler part of his life now in retirement,
and is certainly Rick said, why don't you call Neil tomorrow?
And he said, well, I'll think about it.
And hey, you're always welcome to call on this show, Bertie, okay?
Come on, come out of your shell again.
It might be fun to talk to the bird for like 20 or 30 seconds, right?
And we're just kicking some, now see, Rick Raleigh has a little bit of a problem.
We all know that.
We do know that.
Those of us who have known and loved him for the last couple of years.
I need help.
Exactly.
And yesterday he spends like, not only did he have the moonscope guy on, that's bad enough.
Here's our first day, we're like covering almost the entire state, okay?
A momentous day in the history of the whole United States, okay?
And Rick Raleigh puts the moonscope guy on the ear.
Now that was unforgivable.
But even more unforgivable was when he was calling over there to the poor receptionist at WSUN in Tampa,
or St. Pete Webber to Hell AR over in Yahooville.
And that's just a joke.
I heard that guy that called, oh, Neil thinks everybody's red next to me.
It's just a radio show.
Okay?
I know there's like a whole bunch of swabs sophisticated really hot-looking people over there.
At least a half a dozen.
And he keeps calling over there and he's asking her, well, what's the reaction somewhere?
What are the, what are the, how the calls running?
Well, Rick, let me ask you a question, okay, dummy?
If tomorrow, if tomorrow, this show, all the shows that are now on WIOD disappeared.
And they just like out of the blue, they start to play in country and western spit kick and music on his station tomorrow.
How does he think the calls would go?
Okay?
There would be thousands of calls.
There'd be a crapload of calls coming through in his place.
And the overwhelming majority of them would be psychotic.
They would be hysterical.
They'd be going crazy for a day or two until they found something else to do.
Okay?
And that's what it's going to be.
So we, I want to emphasize that number now is for the rest of the state because there are some really exciting things going to happen.
Because we get into Tallahassee now on S U N L like a local.
And also I'm sure into Gainesville.
And all the kids from down here who go, you know, go off to school and to fall and get desperate in psychotic.
And what the hell are we going to listen to?
And what are we going to do in our spare time once we get tired of doing that?
They're going to be able to listen and call.
That's going to be right there is going to be at least like 10 or 20 people, right?
1-800-944-W-I-O-D.
That's our link to the world right there.
1-800-944-9463.
So don't waste your time calling Barbara or whatever name is over there.
She's busy.
She's busy playing grab ass in the office up there.
She don't have time for your stupid call.
Call us.
Call us in venture exciting feelings.
OK, if you can muster it.
12 minutes after 10 on News Talk Radio 610, WIOD.
South Florida's most listened to sports show followed by Goldberg at night with Hank Goldberg.
WIOD.
What the hell was that?
Oh, that was shocking.
10-16, I think George is like hallucinating in there.
And see if Rick Riley were here right now.
He'd be foaming at the mouth because that out of town line isn't ringing.
He'd be saying, oh gee, one day and there's sick of us already.
Well, they probably are Rick, OK?
1-800-944-WIOD.
1-800-944-9463.
We could have shot like all 10 callers yesterday.
We had a tremendous day.
I had the time of my life here yesterday.
Even the guy from Loots was entertaining.
And the rabbit guy in Sarasota.
It was amazing.
It was like an outpouring WIOD.
OK, now see that's a Palm Beach County call.
You can tell.
I mean, any idiot can tell that.
And that's another thing.
All of a sudden these people in Palm Beach are a butchin' up yesterday.
For months and months, like, forget it.
That line is dead as a door nail.
And now all of a sudden because they feel they're going to be deprived
because they got like competition.
They're calling on that line.
OK?
That's the only one that's not lit now.
So before we go rushing and start and spend a lot of money
and putting a lot extra line, WIOD.
OK, see that's Palm Beach.
That was Del Rey.
You can tell just by the tone of it.
For Lauderdale, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Did you read Jip as article today?
I have it right in my hand right now.
Women and blacks need not apply.
Now you see, here's a big story.
Yesterday, we cymbal started cymbal casting with WSU win on a West Coast.
We're covering like almost the entire state.
One of the biggest things that happened in broadcasting in years in this town.
And Tom Jik is writing about the women and blacks need not apply
because all the guys who do talk are white males.
Yeah, I'd like to dedicate that open shirt on them.
I think it's a big fat ass.
Really?
Yeah.
No short fat.
Well, short and fat.
Not really.
You short.
Even smelly.
Really?
Yeah.
Okay.
But do you like him?
I know.
Okay.
That's just like to keep it off my chest.
I think it's a...
But he did mention my name first though.
That was good.
Yeah.
Right at the beginning there.
Neil Rogers, Rick and Souds, Hank, Joseph, he did mention Zagaki though.
I'm not too happy about that.
Whatever.
Nothing's perfect.
Do you know the best line in the whole at column?
What's that?
About Randy Martin when she was doing nights here.
It says, Martin was good.
Goldberg is better.
Boy, Hank, don't count on that as one of your great compliments.
I don't think I'm better than Randy Martin.
God, I hope so.
God.
I agree.
Okay.
See, Tom's not all that bad.
Yeah.
Pretty bad, but not that bad.
Have a great day.
Yeah, you too.
So what is it?
Oh, here's a call from Tampa to get us ruling today, right?
Yes.
Friend or foe?
Friend.
All right.
I used to live in Fort Lauderdale and move to Tampa a year ago.
And this is probably the greatest thing that's happened in your life next to an emotional experience.
Dan, we'll all next to any kind of experience.
Right.
I had a friend call me last night, midnight said, Scott, 6.20 a.m., Neil's finally there.
Incredible.
It's about time, Neil.
And it sounds like it's like coming right from the end of the pier there, doesn't it?
Oh, yeah.
It sounds crystal clear.
Yeah.
It's amazing.
I'm trying to get you.
I catch you sometimes in Orlando.
Yeah.
Well, now we're covering.
Now you can hear in Orlando, like, perfect on S.U.N.
That station over there has got a signal like from a hell, man.
It's 10,000 Watts non-directional.
We're in the Tallahassee.
We're in the Gainesville.
We're into two-egg.
We're in the Perry.
We're in the Loots.
I mean, we're into everybody.
Not the bout time.
They need some good morning shows around here.
Yeah.
They can do that simulcast over in Orlando of one of the guys from here in Tampa.
Great.
Not too good.
Right.
And by the way, the people at FLA that I was ripping yesterday because they really suck.
So the rumor that we hear now is that they're not being allowed to respond to us.
They can't even talk about the fact that we're there.
Like, they're going to keep it a secret or something.
Okay.
Is that incredible?
Talk about spineless and gutless and talentless.
Police, they're consistent.
All right.
Well, listen, have a- you're over there for what?
For the duration?
I'm over for the duration.
I made a move for business.
Great.
It's not bad over there.
Not great.
I love having all the water around here.
Right.
And you got Bernstake House and Stake and Shake.
And you got Bush Gardens.
And you got Bush Brewery and you got USF and you got something.
I don't know.
And you actually got topless places where the guys can really reach out and touch somebody.
Well, you've also got some of the ones where the girls came and where-
You have to wear bikini tops too.
And it's on where they're located.
Oh, I see.
You have to be too close to a school.
You can't show anything.
Uh-huh.
Well, like I said, we can relate to it.
It's a great relationship.
Well, listen, have a great life.
Neil, can I say hi to somebody?
Of course.
All right.
Rick, this is Scott.
Thanks for telling me.
Neils on the air.
Okay, Scott.
Take it easy.
Okay, see you.
Bye.
Boy, and that sounded like a local call, didn't it?
It sounded like he was like right next door, like-
Right in this room here.
God, is this exciting or what?
This is like, I mean, even with our one little putrid crappy line there.
Oh, geez.
This is such an emotional-
I can't begin to tell you.
It's been years since anything like this has happened.
And that tells you a lot about life in this state, doesn't it?
When this is the most exciting thing that's happened,
even more exciting than my gallbladder operation.
Where's that call from?
Which we're going to get to very quickly.
See, these other people are going to start being passé,
and they're going to say, oh, he doesn't care about us anymore.
Well, guess what?
Now, we care about you, but not quite as much as we used to.
You know what I'm saying?
Like a little bit.
Like, don't go away yet.
But we'll let you know when.
We do have an open line and a brown one at 524-9463.
It wouldn't be something if the bird calls us today.
Oh, man.
And maybe we'll even hear from Joey Reynolds today.
I have my nose up, Neal's ass.
Yeah.
Joey, I got news for you.
It is so lame.
He's doing mornings on QAM because I guess the other guy,
Art Riley's in a hospital or something.
And they'll probably send him a telegram like they did to Bill Cauldry.
You know what?
Like, get lost and good luck to you.
And the Joey is on there just straining and desperate
to find something and not Joey, you're about as funny as cancer
of the kneecap.
I mean, you're just, you're sad.
And you're just going on and on and talk to some old Yahoo this morning
that told him his name ought to be Joe Reynolds instead of Joe.
Maybe that's Joe Hamilton, Joe Franken Reynolds.
How's that for a name, Joey, okay?
Joey, you suck.
You're so bad.
You're so boring.
You're so terminal.
Why don't you stop talking about me?
I mean, I'll mention you now and that'll be it.
But every time I punched over there, well, those guys over there and Neola, yeah, right.
Get an act, Joey.
Come on.
Maybe Tom will even write about you.
Hey, Goldberg is your host for another Gold Merged Night Live show tonight at 8.
You talk radio 610.
Come on, you I-O-D.
Sometimes I feel myself.
Summer 1990 is the summer of Dick Tracy.
You'll see the movie, listen to the soundtrack,
wear the t-shirt and read the comic book.
And now, just in time for Father's Day,
you can enjoy the fragrance that was inspired by the movie,
the soundtrack, the t-shirt, and the comic book.
New Dick Tracy Cologne.
Why smell like other guys?
Now you can smell like Dick.
1026 at W-I-O-D.
Now, see, we have a little contraintime here
because two of the people in Broward who are on the line dropped off
because they feel unloved and uncared for.
And you know how, see, Broward is like touching go anyway ordinarily.
And now that they feel that I'm diverting my attention
to all these other people in other parts of the state,
it's like, oh, we don't care.
We just don't care about us anymore.
That's no way to feel.
Is it even if it's true?
Brandon.
How did Neil-
How you doing, old boy?
Well, I just want to be the first to thank you
for putting the X back into Tampa.
The X?
Now, we'd like to be the first one to call all in,
Pam Pax is over there.
I'm like a douchebag.
All right.
Great job, sir.
Rick Riley from Mayor of...
Yes?
Aimtree.
Right.
Hey, he fits, man.
He's got the right beard.
That wasn't from Brandon.
You think that was from Brandon?
You think so?
No, that was probably Rick's brother.
1020 is, boy, friend.
1027, we have two open lines in Broward,
and I'm not going to sit still for that out today there right now.
5249463.
524WYOD in our line to the world.
WYOD.
Hello?
Uh, now, how do you like that?
Now, what was that?
Was there like a woman's voice on there?
Oh, I'm going to be entertained with this line all day long.
It's like a kid with a new play toy.
God, almighty.
There's some real interesting people over there, man.
And some of them actually can speak.
WYOD.
Let me know.
Hello?
Yes.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Good.
Good.
I'm calling Mocha Chobby City.
Oh, good Chobby.
All right.
What's going on up there?
Hot weather and the rain, buddy.
Hot weather and the rain and the skaters, right?
Yeah, well, they're kind of going coordination together.
And the horny toads?
Yeah, you know.
We got to do different horny things up there.
Yeah, like I said, those horny toads.
Yeah.
Hey, listen, Adam, is this on now?
Where are you right now?
I picked you up cold, so to speak.
All right.
Well, listen.
I, uh, I guess you told me, Yehu Redneck from up there in over Chobby.
How could you tell that?
Well, uh, what's the first hint?
That's the, uh, I don't know.
That's the, uh, I don't know.
Let me just say, don't know.
Let me just say, don't know.
Let me just say, don't know.
That must have been a clue, right?
Well, I guess, though.
You know, we're calling Redneck's a pretty good idea.
So what's wrong with that?
Well, you know how that goes.
People say these are different about it.
But that's one I'm calling about, okay?
Right.
You know, I listen to you when I can.
Yeah.
I hear grots about this and grots about that.
And everybody's gripping all the time.
Oh, that's the way that's why we got Democrats Republican.
Exactly.
And each of us p-rode, don't forget him either.
Right.
Or that little tight haircut, yeah.
Yeah, Mr. Potato Head.
Right.
Um, but it's entertaining.
It is entertaining.
That's the key.
That's the key.
You're right.
Right.
I know I'm just rodeos and things.
Yeah.
And, uh, different people.
No way, man.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
You announced rodeos?
Yep.
I thought it was rodeos.
Well, it turns out where you from.
I'm not even New York and New Jersey.
Oh, if you're from New York, it's a rodeo.
And if you're from Oak and Chilby City, it's a rodeo.
rodeo.
Okay.
A little more sophisticated.
But anyway, listen, it is entertaining.
Yeah.
I enjoy it.
I, you know, I enjoy it too, man.
Well, sure.
That's, uh, if you didn't, you'd be doing something else.
We're going to make Donald Fetton burgers.
Right.
But, uh, I do that when I get out of here.
When I leave here, I go over and flip it.
I don't want the hell.
Yeah.
But, uh, you know, I get taught to listen to country music.
I, you know, I like all kind of music.
Right.
Me too.
But after a while, man, that same old stuff, man, that, uh,
knee slapping crap, your knee start getting black and blue after a while.
Well, yeah.
But, uh, you know, we got to talk about that right, little boy.
Yes, sir.
Oh, god.
I'm trying to call you yesterday.
I try to listen to him every night and then, but the guy gets off in the deep end.
Yeah, he's the same old crap, you know, with his, uh, knocking the homeless and knocking the women and knocking to this one tonight.
Just, he's just a big, uh, apartment complex is what he is.
Well, it is.
It's, it's, everyday the same old crap.
Yeah.
And, uh, I think he'll be yesterday on, uh, on the station out of Tampa.
WSUN, one of America's incredible radio stations, sir.
Right.
I did a deal one time, a radio and a Tampa over there, and they had the live promo there, and I did the talk inform.
And they didn't announce the form there.
Right.
Well, you fit right in over there, man.
But, uh, especially in clear water.
But I try to listen to you.
Like I said, I go up to North Florida.
Well, I wish he's all in North Florida.
I go up to the Webster Bushnell everyday.
To where?
To Bushnell Webster.
Bushnell Webster?
Right.
Where the hell is that?
That's up, uh, about 50 miles north of Brooksville.
Brooksville.
Oh, god.
One of the most incredible cities in America.
Why do you get that big fleet market there at Webster?
Oh, yeah.
Probably John McEw is going to be doing a show from Brooksville from the flea market.
He's the king of the fleas.
I'm going to tell you what, it's a big flea market there.
They have it on Monday.
And it's take your old day off to that.
Wow.
But, uh, my guess is that I just enjoy listening.
It's fun, it's entertaining.
You know, people talking about fat, gay, whatever.
It don't bother me a bit.
Right.
People as people as people, sir.
Hey, absolutely.
You're a toddler, you don't depend your buddy anyway.
It is a joy.
I do enjoy listening.
Well, that's all it counts.
And I like to hear the people calling.
And I like the little hassle on the deal.
I like going back and forth.
That makes it...
Yeah, sure.
Little hassles what life's all about, especially if you live like in lutes.
Right?
You never been...
Have you ever been in lutes?
Excuse me?
I say, have you ever been in lutes?
Oh, lutes, yep.
You have been...
I went to rodeo up a lute.
Oh, really?
And how do they treat you up there?
Well, I found out this and by going anywhere.
It's how you present yourself.
Right.
Well, I'm going to have to figure out how to present myself in lutes,
because they're a little psychotic up there.
Well, listen, you all have a great day.
Listen, like I said, there I was...
It's entertaining.
I went, I got to it the first time, but listen, I do enjoy it.
Right.
And I'm glad to see that you did branch out there a little bit.
We're branching it out.
Right, and I do listen to you up there, and it is enjoying.
Great.
And keep up the good work.
And have a great life.
Thank you, sir.
We'll see you.
Right.
Bye-bye.
God.
1032 at WIOD, we have an open line on our center square in Broward.
Let's not slack off down here, okay?
Let's not just assume that the rest of the state's going to take care of fat old Neal now, all right?
I don't go for that crap.
I want to feel loved and coddled and fondled and stuff.
Fort Lauderdale.
Oh, wait a minute.
My mistake.
Fort Lauderdale.
Backshill in like two years, yes.
It was.
I felt so good about that show yesterday.
I wanted to come back and do it again.
I was hysterical, I would say...
And by the way, for the guy in lutes were on again today,
just in case you haven't tuned in yet, you asshole.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I heard that there was a mass accident of bridge-yoppers in Tampa yesterday off the skyway.
Yeah.
Boy, that's a pubic service already.
We're a kid.
Yeah.
Yeah, that is a twerk.
Now if we could just send a few of them over there.
Yeah.
Yeah, what the...
How come the paper is here?
Because I talked to the GM from the US, you went this morning, who was just ecstatic.
He was just foaming all over me on the phone.
And how come...
And he said, we got great press over there this morning.
How come there's no press in this God for safety in town?
Well, one of the most monumental things in the history of broadcasting happens.
And our people are busy writing about a bunch of crap.
Is it sent to a Cox paper?
I beg your pardon?
No.
It isn't?
No.
I thought it was.
The Palm Beach Post is a Cox newspaper, so you know it's full of crap.
That's what Cox Enterprises specializes in is dispensing crap.
That's how they hired me.
What is it?
It just jumps out of bandwagon all this like sister souls, you know, the blacks, you know what?
What does this have to do with anything about there are no women or black talk hosts?
So what about it?
So if they were good, they'd be on.
They had Sandy Payton on here for years putting everybody into a coma.
She's not here anymore.
She sucked.
And it said some about how Mr. Eagle begged Debbie Ellis to be on.
Yeah.
What does that tell you?
That tells me I have no words for that.
Yeah.
It's unspeakable.
Well, I just want to say this.
I'm glad that you get to shake off that section of the Bible about you people listen up there.
And then he writes about Randy Martinser.
Oh no, not Randy Martin again.
I want to call my brother Mike and all the other idiots at Washington, I have press control.
Idiots.
All right.
Thank you.
See ya.
Good call.
Little enthusiasm.
That's what we like here in South Florida.
We like people who are at least still alive or putting on a good act.
One of the others is always good.
Because we got a lot of people walking around here like you people over in St. Petersburg.
Man, you got all thousands of people who died years ago and they're still driving around.
Nobody told them they're walking around and driving around.
And then they wait till the street thinks says don't walk and they like kind of waddle out in the middle of the street and dare hit him.
Huh?
Guaranteed.
The walking dead.
Anyway, God.
This thing is moving too fast.
How about that extra half hour again?
Oh, sorry Mike.
1035 on News Talk Radio 610WID.
Let's sell a fits to get a batteries recharged.
O!
The trusses are almost above.
He's got things got the printed post.
No, no.
The cannon makes a laughable.
The parachute is available.
Yeah, yeah.
You can't even run out of couple of pounds.
Come forever this late.
Then just turn us around.
They used to start good to me.
Not by them.
Simply on the left of the bush.
Here's one election you'll be caught in the ground.
Here's one election you'll be caught in the ground.
Simply on the left of the bush.
Here's one election you'll be caught in the ground.
Simply on the left of the bush.
Here's one election you'll be caught in the ground.
Simply on the left of the bush.
Now we're bundled.
Simply on the left of the bush.
This whole thing is taking me insane.
Simply on the left of the bush.
I won't run over by the way.
Simply on the left of the bush.
1041 at WIOD.
Joe Ramirez over at Sierra Telecom Services in Miami
faxes me a map of the state of Florida that gigantic oozing peninsula.
I just have never seen anything that vivid and that massive.
And thank you Joe.
So we can put, well it's not one of those big enough or vivid enough or even massive enough
that we can stick stuff into it, you know, like little pens, but it's a start.
Like an Inverness.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yes.
I'm calling from Inverness.
Well that's incredible.
Where is it?
In Citrus County.
In Citrus County?
Yeah.
It's about 30 miles off left of O'Cala.
By horse country.
By who?
Horse country.
You were right, right.
You know what I said or did I misspeak?
I thought it was.
And this is a fat capital of the world.
I never saw so many fat people.
We came up here from a browned county about a little over four years ago.
My neighbors, a Colombian neighbors, turned the house into a crack giant and we had to get out.
Really?
The wife had a niece up here and it would be visited.
And it's real rural.
If you like rural, this is it.
But we sure missed you, Neil.
Well this must be quite a discovery for you, isn't it?
Oh it was.
And we have listened out to Orlando, have been listening, but you can bet we'll be tuned to this station from now on.
You can bet your bottom thing on that.
So you're in.
I can't get over how you've cleaned up your act.
I have?
Yeah, oh my God, when we left there you were really raunchy.
Yeah.
Well, I'll have to work on that.
God.
We brought up with us the asshole song.
Right.
We bought that and...
Well we can still say ass.
Yeah and we missed hearing that Helen Dale the early bird.
And I want to know is Alice Rand-Pel still around?
She's on a little station in Fort Lauderdale about six watts.
It's called the light bulb WFTL.
If you live like right under the transmitter, you can still hear it.
Oh is that right?
And she finally got...
And how about Shirley Peters?
Shirley Peters is doing like change her name to Goldie Hawn or something.
No, she changed her name to Metsinus Jicke thing this morning.
Gypsy O'Brien or Gypsy Rose Lee or something.
And she does a show on Saturday night when she sits around and tells everybody how to be as fat as she is.
And how to bang you.
And I met her one time.
Oh, nice lady, but he's enormous, gigantic.
Really?
Yeah, almost fat enough to live in Citrus County.
Yeah, I would send her up here, she'll be right at the end.
Why are there so many fat people in Citrus County?
I never think so much fat in my life.
And they also have fat on the back of their neck?
Well, then what you think that all you can do up here is eat and have sex.
Really?
And so they do both.
Oh, that sounds good to me.
Probably a lot of fruit up there too in Citrus County.
Oh yeah.
I wouldn't be the least bit surprised.
Well, a lot of tomatoes and anything that grows.
Lots of fruit.
And a lot of bugs is used here.
Yeah, sounds really pleasant.
Well, how about Steve Cain?
Oh, he's on that little light bulb too over there, man.
Oh, he is.
Just peddling his wares and doing a lot of million spots and just trying desperately to eat out of me you're living, yeah.
Yeah, well now listen, are you going to stay the way you are?
I never heard such boring people as an Orlando.
Well, you're not going to hear any boring crap on here other than this call.
You're going to need a lot of excitement, believe me.
I know, I know, I'll keep it alive.
We're going to keep you on your toes, pal.
You're going to be doing the green apple quick step every day.
Well, I saw in the same Pete times this morning.
Well, what did it say?
Well, it mentioned that you were going to, you know, that WSU end with putting you on and all the, we almost had a baby here.
Really?
Yeah, it was so excited about it.
Probably all that fruit.
So I'm so happy that I got a chance to talk to you.
Well, call us again someday when you're really bored like tomorrow.
Have a great day.
Thank you, Nia.
Good luck to you, bye-bye.
And same to you.
How do you like that?
A call from a guy who's tired of all the big fat disgusting yahu's in Citrus County.
It's my kind of call.
Why would that be?
Why would there be like one county where all the big enormous, you know what I mean about like fat on the back of the neck?
That's like a real red neck when they got like two pounds.
That's like Bob Lasseter.
Remember?
I mean, Lasseter was an interesting guy because he stole all my material and made a whole career out of it out of stealing other people's material.
But he's the only guy I've ever known in my life who had fat on his eyelids.
Yeah.
I'm serious. He wasn't just fat.
He had fat like on his toes and fat on his knuckles and fat on his eyelids.
Oh, we go.
Right. That's what he looked like.
Wonder what ever happened to him.
Maybe we'll get a spy report on Lasseter.
We have two open lines.
Guess where they are. They're both in Broward.
Come on.
Don't take it personally.
Okay.
They were ignoring you.
Come on.
You can do better than that in Broward.
We still love you, maybe, from a distance at 524WIOD.
Deadland.
Hello. Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Neil, there's a guy.
Finally, he got the Tampa.
I come down here for business once every three weeks.
Yeah.
And a friend of mine got me hooked on you.
You better than Howard Stern.
Yes.
You better than Harry Harrison and his wig report up in New York.
Who? Harry Harrison.
Yeah, you know, many people up in New York.
You got star. You got star.
I'm almost as good as Arlene Francis.
I'll tell you that.
But let me tell you, these y'all who's, I live up in Hillsboro County in Tampa.
I got relocated there.
Right.
I don't know how I ended up there.
But I got relocated there.
And I'm suffering because you know what they call when you go to the supermarket there?
You trade.
You don't buy.
You don't go to food shop.
You trade.
What are you trading at?
What do you trade at?
Yeah, they trade.
You know, while we go to the corner, they take like a hundred dollars.
They're selling it out in the backyard and you say, oh, here's my sack.
And you give me a sack of what I want.
You know, like trading posts.
They're really y'all who's, and I have a lot of problems there.
They thought I was from Australia when I got there.
Did you believe that, more Australia?
I believe it, yeah.
I mean, these guys are so young.
You need to make a few more trips to crystal over there and then you'll feel more at home.
No, no way, man.
Just open up the trunk and say, fill her up, baby.
No, no, man.
And they run around in Tampa.
They think Tampa is a big city.
Yeah, I know that.
And Tampa, it's 10 o'clock at night.
Well, it is compared to Braydenton.
No, no, let me tell you.
Y'all who?
Y'all who?
I stopped in Lubbendale.
Lubbendale, Lubbendale.
Lubbendale, that's over by Lakeland, right?
Yeah, it's very rare.
Oh, I've been in Lubbendale.
Man, that is, and you talk about fat people.
You talk about all the young women are running around like eight months pregnant.
They got tattoos on their butt and they got like their things hanging out.
It is a incredible town.
They feel, listen to this one.
I've been Joe Palucco is too sophisticated to live there.
I got out of the car and I was dressed up.
I was going up to Orlando for business.
They got a hell of a dairy, they got a good dairy queen over there.
I was worried.
You notice in all redneck towns there's like a dairy queen in the center of the neighborhood.
What is, seriously, what is the significance?
I guess that's the only queen they let in town is the dairy queen.
I was wearing a sump head to spend, didn't they?
They stared at me, all the people in the freaking town.
And they said, and I came over and I said,
yeah, $10, I'm puffing up a fight.
And I said, thank you, pardon, sir.
And I said, $10, I'm puffing up a fight.
And what an attitude.
Yeah.
And you know, and they're all,
Well, they don't like your kind over there at Auburndale, sir.
You need a few more tattoos on your body parts.
You know, you know, where else in Callahan, Florida?
In fact, some parts of Auburndale, they just kind of like tattoo a number on your arm
just to make sure they know who you are at all.
And they're all named Eddie Lee and Bobby Joe and Jim Bob.
And Jim Bob and Bobby Bucci Yaw and Fanny May.
But I love coming down here.
It's civilization.
I do business and that.
And I gotta, I gotta be grateful with my friend,
who put me on to you, you know, you gotta listen to the sky.
And let me tell you, he's the best and that's right, man.
I really agree.
I'm glad.
I can't wait till Monday when I get back home to Tampa.
Boy, I can't wait.
I'll listen to him.
Talk about emotional.
Oh, no, really.
I'll tell you one thing.
I spoke, seriously.
I spoke to the general manager, Bob.
I can't think of his last name and I don't really care, but he's a good guy.
He's got a job from WSU when he's not a Yahoo.
He's a good guy.
And he is so excited about this.
He was like doing summer salts right on the phone, like every now and then,
like a toe would come through the receiver.
The guy's going crazy.
God.
Hey, me.
I want to ask you something.
What's your opinion about the Yankees?
The Yankees sucks, sir.
Almost, and I'll tell you who else sucks really bad.
It's the Cubs suck.
I hate to admit it because I'm a Died-in-the-Will Cubs fan.
But last night, he would get another chance to get to 500.
And then we bring in the, still in the game, I have no idea how,
because Bosky's stunk.
We're still in the game.
And they bring in this Dennis Rasmussen, who even the Padres didn't want.
Another washed-up reject.
The Yankees releases the guy.
I know it.
And this guy gave it blows the whole game in the eighth inning.
And he gives up five runs and down to toilet, man.
The Cubs have just got a death wish.
That's all I can tell you.
Yeah.
Neil, and you're the Gittik Steinbren.
Are they going to reinstate him?
I sure hope not, because he makes me puke.
OK, and I hope that Alan Finkelson at Poppano Park is listening,
because he ought to take that Yankee ring and his George Steinbrenner pictures
and burn him right now.
George Steinbrenner is a slime ball, sir, OK?
He's the worst thing for baseball since Don Zimmer left the Cubs.
Thank you very much.
Keep on trucking.
Have a great life.
Bye-bye.
Oh, look at this.
Here's Andy comes in from the Nozril, Mr. Mets.
Oh, you guys finally won a game.
I told you, we'll cure your illness over there.
The Cubs can make anybody rebound, OK?
We'll get you off the mat.
You got three more to go.
That's a sweep right there.
Guaranteed, get the brooms out, Andy, and fly away on it.
God.
We have an open line at day, at 751, Andre Dawson is God.
He's it.
That's it.
He makes that great catch last night.
He drives in a run.
If we had like six or seven Andre Dawson's a lineup,
and of course we don't want to resign him,
because he's too good for us.
Anyway, it's 1050 at NewsTalk Radio 610WIOD.
The opinions expressed in this program are not necessarily those
of 610WIOD Red Spotsers.
1055 at WIOD, we have a real troublemaker on the bat line.
You bet I'm a troublemaker.
You and that idiot friend of yours with that ring
that's been making all those illegal...
I'll tell you something right now.
Yeah.
You talk about the national league, the great national league first of all,
you're going to give the pen and to the Mets the way you guys played last night.
We like to help the underachievers, OK?
We like to help everybody.
Look at the Dodgers, they lost 10 out of 11 when they played us.
They kicked us 5 out of 6.
We like to help everybody out.
And we're still lost.
And we're still lost again.
And tied the game at 4-4,
and then we bought a great Mets pitcher, a national eager in.
Who's that?
And he gave the game away.
Walks to lead man.
Who was that?
Who was that?
End of the game.
Ten Burke.
Oh yeah, ten Burke.
Well, I don't teach you to get that loser.
I mean, if they didn't want him, how would you think he could be?
Well, I just want to show you now regarding Steinbrenner.
Yeah.
The man spend more money in harness racing.
We don't need him in harness racing.
We already got enough.
We already got enough unpleasant people in harness racing.
OK, we don't need him.
We already got Kelly Shepard.
But he's been good to me.
Listen, that should count with you.
You see, that's the problem with you, Alan.
You judge everything by your own selfish little interest.
Oh.
Now what's for the benefit of baseball?
Now what's good for the human race?
What's good for Alan J. Fickleson?
That's the problem.
Is that what you mean?
That's what I mean.
I'm nurseducer.
And if I were you, I'd go over and see Julie Sergis right now and sell him that Yankee ring
and get some money for it and get it out of your life.
$9,000 dollars for three years.
Right.
I'd get taken over there right now and I'd put it in a handle on Thursday night.
We can use the money.
OK.
I'm telling you.
We mustn't take on underscores.
Neil, I'm going to beat the hell out of you when you get here.
That guy from Sarasota, he will take a week to get here.
That's the guy from Loots.
Get it straight, William.
Forever the pumps.
Loots.
Take care of your health.
He's another goyish or cup from Loots.
See you Thursday.
Take care.
Bye.
Now if one isn't bad enough, now we got the olive oil and a macaque.
That means Alan Colley from the...
What kind of a phone is this?
What do you mean it's me?
It sounds like crap.
It sounds like you got the olive oil in the phone.
Let me show you an ATM T-phone.
The worst.
Anyway, I...
It's amazing.
We're talking all these people from like Immacalee and Inverness and places that haven't been event.
And their phones sound just beautiful.
And you come on here from like Boko where they were.
It's not like a geek.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
How you feeling?
I'm coming along.
Yeah.
Takes a little while though.
You're still sore after that gallbladder thing.
Yeah.
Weeks.
It's almost all gone, yes.
Yellow now, right?
It's yellow.
It kind of looks like you as a matter of fact.
It's got that kind of like pale-carot complexion.
Listen before I...
Before I forget about it.
Yes.
I like to go on a trip and just like me.
Yeah.
Trans into your pants.
It's a wrong show for that.
The Vulture Cackle.
Oh, what the hell was his name?
One of our chief Ajima.
Oh, God, it's on the tip of my...
I...
I'll come back to it.
Not really.
Yeah.
I know it.
What is it?
God.
That brings back some stuff.
Did you hear him call Rick and Spud yesterday?
No, I missed it.
Yeah, he's all of a sudden Mr. Mello and there's no hard feelings.
And he's like in retirement now and he's over there at U Flotum.
And big daddy lickers having a good time.
And...
I heard you got the hard...
Hard to get a card on.
Yes.
You didn't hear that?
No, I didn't.
Oh, man.
I might play that again today.
Jim Yelton.
Jim Yelton.
Thank you so much.
That's Jim...
Yelton.
Wait a minute.
Jim the Vulture Yelton and the cards got a queue up again.
He was the best cackler next to the bird.
He was almost as good.
Well, listen, I'm feeling better now and I'm going to go home and take a gigantic tuna fish
in a mind and just have a great afternoon.
I don't know.
As a matter of fact, it's Tuesday.
I'm going to mommy's for lunch today.
So it'll probably be like a double tube Tuesday today.
Anyway, I just want to say hi to everybody of National Health Laboratories for joining the blood type.
Really?
Well, I sure hope they took a lot.
And if they came out orange, we understand it.
By the way, good...
Good.
Thanks.
Okay, that's it.
Are we out of here already and the news is coming and we're going to come back and Ricken said it too well.
South Florida zooms traffic and weather stays.
News talk radio 610 WIOD.
Miami-Food Waterloo and the Palm Beats.
News talk radio 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
They get in touch and talk with Neil Dyle 751 WIOD from day.
Inbroward, it's 524 WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code, toll free 1-800-944 WIOD.
And Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest's toaster callers are not necessarily those of this station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on News talk radio 610 WIOD.
You know, I never realized just being a little bird could be so complicated.
If you missed the Neil Rogers Show yesterday on 610 WIOD, you missed this.
Is this the bird?
Yeah.
Bird, how you doing?
Listen, do me a favor, play anything because I can't stand listening to you.
You sound like a douchebag.
Do it.
Just do me a favor, play anything.
Well, can I ask your question before you go?
Oh, God, you talk so stupid I hate to talk to you.
Yeah, go ahead.
Why did you call me?
I didn't call you.
No, not just to tell you not to say anything.
Just play something.
Oh, God can't stand it.
Well then why are you listening?
Ah, play something already.
Why won't you answer me?
Ah, get up.
Get up.
You won't see he won't talk to me.
Oh, we got a car here.
1106 at WIOD, we have our Lakeland correspondent on the world line.
What do you want?
Oh, what are you going to do?
Now all these people are calling me this morning saying that you want me to call you.
What do I want?
I hadn't planned to call you.
What kind of a hostile way is that to start a friendly call?
What do you want?
You sound like Stan.
Well.
What do you want?
Stan.
Boy.
Why have you forgotten Stan?
Now I just did that to upset you.
He's also going to call in and plug his, he was telling me the other day that they carry him in Tampa overnight on about a six watt station that everybody can hear.
W-E-N-D and that is the call letters by the way.
That is not made up is W-E-N-D.
Wendy Radio?
I couldn't see it as the end, I don't know.
Oh, boy.
You know, that ship...
I thought you had mellowed.
Listen to you yesterday, you've gotten worse.
What do you mean worse?
You're bitter and hostile.
Oh, come on, you're the bitter and hostile one.
Not me.
Call me Mr. Mellow after they took that gallbladder out, man.
I'm just as mellow as a puddle of jello.
They neutered you?
Just about.
Yeah.
When it downed, they inked that baby out.
Well, somebody called me yesterday and told me that this had happened.
I didn't hear yesterday, so they didn't call me until after two o'clock.
Oh, I turned it on.
No, wait a minute, when you said somebody, was it somebody we know?
No, it was somebody from down there.
It wasn't Johnny Dork?
No.
What the hell is wrong with him?
Is he slipping?
Johnny Dork.
Oh, he's probably listening to Joy Reynolds now.
Yeah, I have no doubt.
Oh, I missed yesterday.
You want to hear that?
You want to hear some incredible radio?
Yeah, I don't think it's worth the drive down.
Do you think he was bad on sheet?
No, I think you could pick you a.m. up there.
Oh, now that's true.
Yeah, oh man.
Get up early tomorrow, man.
You'll just do summer solts.
You won't believe it.
What will I do?
Summer solts?
Well, I don't think you'll do summer solts, but hey, I might do it.
It might work.
I'm telling you.
Well, how amazing to hear your voice after all this time.
Right.
Well, you know, I heard that comment yesterday about the good times and the bad times,
and it brought a tear to my eye.
Well, we did.
We had a lot of good times.
We really did.
And I have no hard feelings.
I mean, I've heard some of your intemperate psychotic behavior, but I can understand you're a little,
you're, but listen, you got it great.
I absolutely.
It was about 44 years old.
He's in retarmative.
He doesn't have to put up with any asshole management anymore.
He doesn't have to come in.
He dollars heavy, uh, fattening meals anymore.
Exactly.
Now, speaking of that, Neil, I was remembering yesterday at this meeting when I was at IOD.
This was 1989.
I had this meeting fairly long meeting with boy Gary.
Yeah.
And I remember vividly saying to boy Gary, you know, don't you think my voice is going to be
like, we could get an 800 line.
And I was told absolutely not.
Right.
It was, there was no budget for it.
The cost was prohibitive.
Right.
And it was a bad idea.
Well, they used the money that they were paying you for the 800.
Well, that's why I thought, I thought that I'm responsible for this line.
And I could be given credit for it.
This is the bird line.
Yes.
Yes.
And I think we're going to start calling it that from now on the bird line.
I think it's great.
We'll let make you feel better.
Yeah.
We want you to feel good about it.
Well, I do.
No, seriously, how are you feeling?
Oh, I'm feeling the best in memory.
Good.
Because I'm not one of those bitter hostile people like some people I know.
I really don't, I wish everybody the best.
Well, good.
I'm glad to hear it.
I do not have any heart feeling, honestly, with the blood thing in disguise.
Right.
See that?
Isn't that what they always say?
It's amazing.
Right.
It always turns out to be.
That's what they told Randy Martin too.
And Dick Firl.
But the great thing about Uniles, you never throw anything away.
Yeah.
And you got that Jimmy Alton card.
You know, Rick and Puts played the Glen Hill disease yesterday.
I heard that.
I heard your call.
Yeah.
I heard your call and I just, I thought it was great.
I thought it was probably one of your greatest efforts in a long time.
Well.
Yeah.
The bird line.
Yeah, I think it's a great idea.
It is.
You can be our like weekly correspondent.
Are you going to call every week?
If you wish.
I mean, you're in retirement.
Well, I'm really not on time.
So this is a way to keep in touch.
Well, I'm really not pressured for time.
That's true.
I understand.
What day of the week doesn't matter?
Well, you pick your own, so to speak.
I pick, don't do it the same.
You know me.
I don't like predictability.
Just when you least expectorated.
Maybe I should just follow Paul Harvey Jr. every time.
There you go.
Well, no, we don't want him to be weak.
He's so good.
You know, he seriously, I got to confess that he tried to talk me into doing the olive oil and the lemon juice to get rid of my gallstones instead of that operation.
Uh-huh.
And it's the only smart thing that the man ever said in his life.
It's just, if I would only done that, I'd be so far ahead of the game.
But hey, it's over.
It's out.
It's done.
And I survived it.
That's it.
Oh, good.
I'm glad you're feeling better.
This too shall pass.
Yes.
As they say in the executive motion.
How's my phone?
How's my phone?
Your phone sounds dynamic, especially for Lakeland.
It's a panasonic.
So WSU end comes booming in there.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
I couldn't believe it.
You know.
And the best part of the deal is that those Yahoo's at WFLA from what I understand are not being allowed to respond or talk about us or
they're like tight-lipped and waiting for the bankruptcy to go through and they're just having a fit.
Well, they're okay because their FM will carry them.
They have to say the FM's power pick.
Right.
And that's a big rating, so they'll be all right.
And uh...
That's kind of embarrassing when you have to be carried by your FM.
Can you imagine us being carried by the coast?
Oh, God.
Johnny Dork.
Yeah, I like that, man.
I think I'll call him that for now.
And that's very good.
Call him that when you speak to him at Doodahs.
Yeah.
He's like legendary at Doodah.
Oh, I'm glad.
They all walk around in that same like uh... in that old fisherman's shirt, you know, that he wears with a...
He and Salty saw what I made a good team.
Yeah, the late Salty saw.
Oh, late?
Yeah, he died.
Like I said.
Oh, he did.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
He did somebody else.
Dead or alive, okay?
Here we go.
He's alive.
We'll put Chuck Myroni assignment.
Listen, it's good hearing from you.
Good.
I'm serious.
Well, I know you don't believe that, but it is.
No, I believe.
And boy, Gary's in the other room and says, God, it's great having him on, especially for free.
Yeah, he likes this.
Smile at the suit, Neil.
Talk to you next week.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
12 minutes after 11 at WIOD.
We have an open line on the star line, star IOD.
And out of town, 1-800-944-WIOD, that was the bird that was shocking.
Oh, I get the little emotional excitement when I hear that.
12 minutes after 11 on News Talk Radio 610, WIOD.
Catch the latest news, traffic and weather info each morning with Mike Granary in the morning information team just before the Neil Rogers show.
1117 at WIOD.
What did he say at the end of the call or the bird?
Because we were being distracted.
Boy, Gary was in her as usual.
I didn't hear what he said.
And it was something bizarre.
Huh?
Did you hear what he said?
No, I didn't, Neil.
Oh.
I have to play the tape back, Robin.
So do it.
By the way, Robin.
It's Robin, the jeweler, folks.
Thank you very much.
You know what I need?
What do you need?
I don't want to sound like a freeloader.
But I mean, sometimes when you get a chance, you know those little tiny scooter drivers?
Yeah, for your glasses.
For my glasses, because I got a screw loose, so to speak.
Okay.
No, I'm just mentioning that, because it's funny you called today and that it's your birthday, because I was thinking the other day if I could freeload, I mean, get one from you.
And guess what?
My dad was nice enough to give me the day off today.
Well, wasn't that nice so he can drop one off here?
Exactly, maybe.
At the front desk. Don't come inside, though.
No, I have to come inside.
Slide it under the outside door, Robin.
Don't even come in the building, right?
Just put it in the brown paper sack.
So happy birthday to you.
Thank you very much, Neil.
And I'm getting all the articles here from the St. Pete Times, WSU End Joins, the All Talk Radio Frey, and I have a shocking thing from inside.
Radio here? Oh, geez.
I heard some of those calls yesterday from those ladies from the West Coast.
Yeah, what happened?
We had a ton of women call yesterday.
They must be pissed off now, because they're not calling today.
Why do you use that kind of language, Neil?
No, no, but we had a lot of women who loved it, though, yes.
Oh, yeah, they used to.
And the show, too.
You did.
Yeah.
You did.
How's Orlando?
So how is Orlando?
Yeah.
I don't know. I haven't seen him lately.
Okay.
I haven't gotten a hold of him lately, so to speak.
No, God.
Yeah.
He's running around his underwear somewhere.
Probably.
Yeah.
All right, Neil.
Have a great day, Robin.
I'll probably see you a little later.
Oh, geez.
Coming around 2.15.
See you later.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
Good guy, chronic.
Anyway, inside radio, this is the most shocking yet, it kind of ties in.
It says Rick Sklar dead.
Now, most of you have no idea who that was.
Rick Sklar was a radio consultant for years, like WABC, New York, etc.
It says from complications following minor foot surgery at New York City's Roosevelt Hospital.
Yesterday morning, details sketchy.
Death shocked Sklar's New York colleagues.
It wasn't supposed to be a life threatening operation.
Sound familiar, anybody?
Here's the guy.
He would have been 63 in November, it says.
Gozen, for minor foot surgery, it says it's amazing because he was always in great shape.
He was in New York City, marathon and goes on and on and on.
Bapapak consultant for this one, and ABC, and Mike Joseph.
And he goes in for minor foot surgery and he doesn't come out.
Sound familiar, Neil?
He asked.
Oh, we got a call from Loots.
Yeah, this here's Loots again.
All right.
What's going on?
Yeah, I guess I made a mistake about you.
You did make a mistake, sir.
That was like a kind of preliminary evaluation.
You're worse than I thought.
I am.
You know, you can sit down there.
But you know something?
You're back listening again today.
Don't.
You know, you're real brave sitting down there.
No, wait a minute.
No, wait a minute.
Let me say it again.
Let me say it again.
Why are you listening again today?
Did you have another radio accident?
Because you're, you think you're brave.
Anyone can call someone a name from far away.
Anybody can call in, anybody can call in from Loots and say,
I'm coming down there and taking care of you.
What is your problem, sir?
Why don't you find something useful to do with your tongue?
The problem that we get in carol wood and get together,
we will take care of the problem.
Really?
It isn't a problem.
It's you.
You really?
You won't be the problem.
You don't say.
That's right.
And what is it that we've done to offend you so deeply, sir?
You're over here saying, pickin red nags, pickin this.
Pickin what?
You think that's some kind of a joke?
Pickin what?
Yeah, that's real funny, huh?
Pickin what?
Pickin like your nose?
No, it's all the other stuff you're doing.
Are you picking your nose, sir?
Are you picking your nose?
If I was picking my nose, would I be talking to you, you jerk?
Oh, in other words, you can't do both at the same time?
Yeah, I could.
Well, maybe here and here and forward can give you some lessons.
Okay.
That's our correspondent and lutes who's back with us again.
Oh, he's really upset.
God is he upset.
We're gonna get together and take care of the problem.
He sounds like H. Ross P. Row, that guy, don't he?
A little bit.
Probably got the same haircut.
We got an open line on the star line at star I.O.D.
If you have bell-soft mobility, they ever figure out if that works over there.
The bell-soft mobility, I kind of doubt it.
And two open lines in brow at 5249463.
1121 on NewsTuck Radio 610, WIOD.
Tomorrow night, speaking of birthdays, it's Jeff Cohen's birthday up at the pizza trough.
And I'm gonna be there from 5 to 10 in the PM.
Tomorrow night, just picking out me in fat-rich and the animal be up there.
And who knows who else and our friends from Camilla's house.
And we'll have those best of CDs and tapes.
So then that way, when you pick up all the best of stuff,
you'll still be able to hear it in the years to come after they come down from lutes
and take care of the problem, you know what I'm saying?
The world's best pizza, whether you like the thin-style New York style or the Sicilian pan pizza,
or whether you like the real spicy fugas of pizza with the spiced onions and special sauce and all that good stuff.
They've been doing it right at pizza law for over 17 years now.
So come on by tomorrow night upstairs at 69th and Flagler,
just east of the Palmetto and sample all of their goodies like their award-winning lasagna.
And stuffed shells and manacotti and baked ziti in their great eggplant parmesan and baby cow parmesan.
And lots, lutes more, lots more.
So be sure to stop by and bring Jeff a whole bunch of birthday.
See what I'm bringing to him is just myself.
Okay, Jeff, if you're expecting me to bring you like some expensive gift tomorrow night,
forget it because I'm bringing myself, which is the most valuable thing that I can do.
And don't forget all the snappled products will be half price while we're there tomorrow night two from five to ten.
At the world famous pizza law, 266-5111, 266-511, see you tomorrow night, y'all.
Jopo Gihuahio, team first back.
Last night our guest on Goldberg at night was Christina, whose new show appears on many of the CBS stations.
Basically, it's very simple.
TV, I find, is a lot simpler than doing a magazine.
Tonight, the debate rages on, the Lipton.
All the key players will be here, Bruce Matheson,
Bush Bawkeholtz representing the Lipton and Mary Collins, Dave County Commissioner, don't mess it.
Join us for Goldberg at night tonight at 8 on South Florida's news traffic and weather station,
news talk radio 610-WIOD.
If you're a radio 610, come on youIOD.
All right, it's Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
We love you, yeah, you're making us talk.
We love you, let the other guys walk.
Arrow, we love you, now you're running in first.
Arrow, we love you, got you, can't be no worse.
Will you say, y'all are sick of the good old boys?
You want to move to DC and make some noise, but we still don't know what you're all about.
But that's okay, cause we're still gonna shout.
Arrow, we love it when you're fixing the blame.
We hope you'd better met their own sleazy game.
Arrow, we love you, no you don't need a plan.
Don't go and blow it now by taking a stand.
You say you've got a better way, long as we're married and no one's gay.
Keep our spending your own job and we'll all know for us, Arrow.
Arrow, we want you, Arrow, we need you, Arrow.
I don't think there was a call from Loot's after.
I think there was a Larry King set up.
And then to do it that.
If he acts me, 1127, why shouldn't he say that again?
He gets upset when we say acts.
Should we talk to a lady in North Lauderdale? Hello.
Hello Neil, how are you?
Great.
Good, well, I just wanted to call you and where is Loot's anyway?
That's a good question.
I would have given my left arm if you would have been on in Tallahassee when I was in school up there.
Yeah, won't that be great when all the punks go to school at FSU and at Gainesville?
Yes, that's not true.
And they'll be able to tune in WSU N620?
Yes, I would have loved that.
And then they can all go down here and march in Loot's.
That's right. That's right.
I just want to tell that guy who...
Did they pride parade in Loot's?
I want to tell that Yahoo and Loot's that we love you down here and that you should just get a life and...
Yeah, but out of our business, okay, Pally?
But out, go pick your nose in the hallways somewhere and but out of our business and stop being a chronic pain.
If you don't like it, go somewhere else and find a life.
Find something to do with your life instead of being a hostile and hysterical all your life.
I know, the funny thing is he can't turn it off now.
Yeah, exactly.
Here we've been on now for like six and a half hours down there or whatever, five and a half hours.
And he's listened every minute of it.
That's right.
He probably even listened to Rick and Spud yesterday just because he has nothing else to do.
Fine, yeah.
Yeah, of course he probably really, he's probably really inspired by the Supreme Court ruling now.
He's probably burning crosses all over town.
Uh-huh. He's got his point here.
Just to exercise his freedom of speech.
Of course I don't have my freedom of speech, but he's got his.
That's right.
Isn't that interesting? All these Yahoo's, they can do and say whatever they want.
That's okay.
But if somebody says something they don't cotton too if I can say that, then all of a sudden the first amendment's like,
well that don't count.
That's right?
That don't count no more.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
This is long as it's something along their lines.
Right, exactly.
But anyway, it's great talking to you.
And I just want to tell you about Yahoo again that we love you down here and just go get a wife.
Yeah.
I'll talk to you later.
I never get a passport to come in here anyway.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Bye-bye.
1128, you've got to have a passport and a green card to come in these parts, Pally.
I'll tell you that right now.
Okay, so I'll cut your crap.
Open line in the center square and brow it at 524WIOD.
Now, I've heard of a lot of, I mean, Lutz is pretty interesting and what was the one we had on yesterday
and she hung up before we could get to her from that really bizarre sound in a place?
Don't you remember the one that you had on hold and L Joe Bean?
L Joe Bean.
Oh, God, what I would give for a call from L Joe Bean today, man.
And that guy and Lutz says, we're making fun of P-L Joe Bean.
I mean, who the hell gave the town a name like that?
That's worse than Aintree, man.
But here's A-Cob.
Yeah, it worked.
Are you a cop faster?
What?
It's Boka.
Boka.
See you all.
What a fool.
No, I'm not hanging up on you.
It's not your fault.
It's George for being such a sucker.
Well, it worked, isn't it?
A-Cob.
I said, what's A-Cob?
Is that like Quartin Cobb?
I don't know.
We got to get a map.
Well, that's not what I thought.
Boka backwards.
What's wrong with that?
One of the guys realized that when you call 800 numbers, that you guys know who called.
With all the 100 services, you get a list of all the numbers.
If you threaten you like that, that's what I mean.
Oh, the guy from Loots?
That's right.
We get a list of all the phone numbers from when he called.
Yeah, so he's pretty stupid.
I think that he's going to come down here, especially coming to Miami trying to make a threat.
Right.
On your memory, that'd be pretty funny.
Yeah.
A bunch of clubs.
Well, we'll draw a map on how to get here.
Okay, come right down 79th Street, okay?
All right.
Do you see Sally Fitz yesterday on the news?
I thought she wasn't going to be on, so I kind of like passed the whole deal.
But I heard she looked like Helen Wheels.
Without makeup, she looks like...
She looks like Rick just squatted on her without standing up.
Unreal.
She looked like she had a tennis ball stick out of her eye.
It was covered up.
It was patched up because she got glass in her eye.
Well, now that she's been busy all these years,
pointing the finger at everybody else and making these hysterical, giggly bubbly,
you know, every time somebody else gets beaten up, I wonder how she feels now.
That's amazing.
They have a lot of work on a stem to take about three hours to get her out for ready for the air.
I just couldn't believe it.
But I just wanted to say hello to the chef of the Salahq border.
Well, it takes the paramedics a couple hours just to get ready, you know,
when their jump started.
But I like to welcome all of the lightning fans.
Right.
Yeah, so we got baseball with the Githockey, I don't know.
I sure hope they get like a real...
I guess they're building a real, because that sundown or whatever they're going to play,
and that's a joke, that's not a hockey place.
Yeah, it's bad.
It's a little big.
It's like, in fact, you're going to be sitting...
You're going to have to have binoculars to see the ice you're going to be so far away.
I don't ever fill it up on ice.
But at least it's a start.
Yeah, I guess it is.
Right.
I'll be going up there for a few games.
Will you?
Oh, yeah.
Unfortunately, I'm a cash family.
I guess if the Leafs ever play over there, they might have a shot,
so I better go over and catch it.
I can probably go watch the game with a guy from... from Lutz.
He'll be out in the park tomorrow.
Yeah, he's probably a big hockey fan.
Yeah.
Yeah, he'll like putting the mask on though, because then it's hard to pick your nose.
Well, listen, have a great day, A-Cob.
Good sucks.
Okay.
Yeah.
A-Cob.
God, George, you are.
So you see what I mean about these people?
They believe anything.
But the guy was right, because if he would have just said Bokka,
we'd have never gone to him right away, because we're all excited like this new play toy.
We got this great new line, and people in Palm Beach and all these play.
People we could have heard from any time.
It's not that exciting anymore.
It's just like pedestrian.
And one of the mill crap.
1132, here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, I've never held for so long.
Yes, you have.
And on the phone either.
I bet.
Okay.
I was going to say.
Black and blue marks do go away.
I can tell you that.
I know.
I know that for a fact.
I was going to say, I was going to criticize Rick Riley.
Four.
Because yesterday he treated our new fan friends from the West Coast and wherever Luke is like
idiots.
Well, this is a bobo, and this is this is that.
I need help.
Yeah.
He definitely does.
But after the call from Luke, I've sort of reconsidered.
And I like to say that I got from this just relax.
And I guess it's kind of hard to face.
Meet life without country music.
But he'll just.
No, I don't think that guy was even a country music hug.
Is when he called yesterday.
Is he asked because where's our son country?
No, no, he did.
Yeah, of course he did.
No, what he kept saying is there's no room for you over here.
There's no room for you over here.
Because I don't like whatever you're saying.
So there's no room for you.
Because I just decided me and my buddies.
We just decided we had to decide who can be on and who can say what.
I mean, what kind of crap is that?
What kind of little fascistic dictatorial mind are we talking about over there?
It's a p-roll mind.
Yeah.
In other words, you say something we don't like.
And we're just going to compete to crap out of you on general principles.
Because we don't like it.
What kind of mind are we talking about, sir, over in lutes?
But he still listening.
He loves it.
He's looking off on it right now.
There you go in the radio too.
You bet.
Have a good day.
And you too.
1133 in Open Line and Dayed, 751.
I want to know what the bird said there at the end of the call.
He said something.
I don't know what the hell it was.
Something provocative or interesting or maybe not so.
I don't know.
But it was just I don't like these distractions in here.
Keep boy Gary out of that room.
Here's a mobile in Indian rocks beach.
Hey there, Neil.
How you doing?
Indian rocks beach.
Indian rocks beach.
It's a high down the Gulf Coast between St. Pete Beach and Clearwater Beach.
All right.
Well, I bet you that station puts a-
I'm going away from lutes right now.
Yeah.
Thank God for that.
I'll give you an example of what lutes is really like.
It's this outside of Tampa.
Yeah.
And Dusty Rhodes, the wrestler, used to live there.
Oh, that answers all my questions.
He had his name in a phone book,
Rhodes, comma, Dusty, the American Dream.
Oh God.
The American nightmare.
He was-
He was lutes biggest claim to fame, I guess, outside the-
the Cal Paddy toss over here.
Yeah, lutes is a big, big, has swinging town.
Yeah, it sounds like it.
Yes, and also, I want to let you know about the hockey team.
Yeah.
Then I can be playing in the dome.
Oh, thank God.
Yeah, there's no nice facility, but everybody said it wasn't for hockey.
They got to be playing at the Florida Fairgrounds in Brandon.
In Brandon?
It's just next to lutes.
No, I know where Brandon is.
I've actually been in Brandon.
Yeah, I've been playing in the cattle exposition hall or something.
Brandon's another one of those towns that has like all the-
on the main drag, they've got all the fast food joints,
like 600 next to each other by the pizza hut and McDonald's and KFC and all those other-
Correct.
I just want to say hello.
I've never heard you before.
I just heard about you from other people-
Not about you, dude.
I'm glad to hear you on the radio.
Well, thanks, a pile.
And today, because I got my radio tuned to all the different stations,
we only get about five.
You can listen to here.
Right.
Even I heard a little-
I heard a little-
I heard a little-
You've provided something interesting-
I heard a rumor that there's no room for us, but we're squeezing our way in anyway.
Well, that's right.
He said, I don't think-
Couldn't quite make out what he was saying.
He was saying he was going to get some guys from Carol Wood.
What is that?
Well, that's a fancy neighborhood in Tampa.
Carol Wood.
And I can't imagine they would let a guy from Loots in there.
No, they're probably all Jewish in Carol Wood.
He's going to be in for a big surprise.
He's in for a real shock.
Well, listen, have a great day.
Take care, thank you.
Bye-
We still haven't heard any Jewish callers on a West Coast.
I don't want to get the guy in Loots upset again.
1135 at WIOD, that out of town line, that bird line is waiting on you, 1-809-44-WIOD.
It's, I better say the time again.
See, I got caught in that.
1136 on News Talk Radio 610, WIOD.
20 of baseball action this weekend right here.
Join us Saturday and Sunday for the best American and National League game.
WIOD!
Kiss my shally-lea!
Oh!
Boy, is that distorted or what?
Huh?
That sounds like crap.
God, here we're trying to put our best thing forward for all these new leasters and we put on a
cart that sounds like,
Kiss my shally-lea!
Oh!
Jesus, not in that condition we want.
Let's do a mobile in the Gables, hello.
Hey, how's all those young who's up in the North end of town?
Welcome aboard.
They're picking it, pal.
I'm telling you, I'm up in Tampa, and I'm glad to know that I can listen to you guys when I'm up there.
Right.
I got a related story.
Even in Carol Wood and Loots.
No, in Loots, Loots is great.
I love Loots.
What is Carol Wood?
Carol Wood is like the Kendall of Tampa.
Oh my God.
That's all the Yuppies live.
They're not going to let him over there in Carol Wood.
And the funny thing is, they're not going to live in a pusse out of him.
Well, the funny thing is, there's not a single Jew in Temple Terrace.
Oh, really?
They're not allowed.
They're not allowed in Temple?
They're not allowed in Temple, as in Terrace.
I see.
I got a related funny story.
I'm going to go over there and nail a mazoosa up on his front door.
I'll tell you that right now.
Sure.
Well, they got a Jewish mayor, but don't tell anybody.
They still didn't realize that yet.
Oh, jeez.
I was going to play golf in a golf course in Miami, and this goes back a couple of months ago.
The young lady working behind the counter was listening to Bonnie Rape.
Let's give him something to talk about.
Right.
Trav戀.
I never heard that song, the real live version.
I heard your version.
Yeah.
Don't get me wrong.
You know what you're listening to?
She goes, yeah, that's my favorite song.
I says, you like that song?
She goes, I love it.
And I'm telling the three guys that I'm playing golf with, what she's listening to,
and I'm trying to drive the trout and they're cracking up.
And I had no idea that that was a legitimate song.
Yeah.
That's because I'm neo-roger.
What an emotional experience.
I'm telling it was like, you know, I, I can't play that today for all our friends who are out there deep sea fishing in a golf course.
Well, I really felt like an axle without a wheel.
Yeah, that's how I feel.
Well, anyway, yeah.
Like, axle hose.
I think, I think in honor of our new Northern visitors or people listening,
that we should acclimate them to the way we do things down here and play.
Be true to your shoe for them.
All right.
All right.
See ya.
Do it.
La Chiam.
1142 at WIOD.
We have an open line in date, 751.
Purim.
751 WIOD.
Hi, Alia.
Got an old LGB boy here at Neil.
What?
You have an old LGB boy here.
L. JoBeen.
Are you still live there?
Is there really such a place?
I hate to admit that I'm keeping my voice low because I don't want anyone to hear this yet.
Where are you from, sir?
I'm from L. JoBeen.
I'm from L. JoBeen.
Please.
Please admit that there is a place called LGB and I'm not used to living there.
So in other words, you've been in L. JoBeen.
I've been in L. JoBeen.
Neil's, where is it?
It's between Englewood and Port Charlotte on the Gulf Coast.
Oh, yeah.
And it's on, I think, State Road 74 as you're heading east towards L. JoBeen.
Now, this place, if you blink, you miss it.
It's like two eggs.
It's basically like three trailers in a bacon fish restaurant.
I think Rick Rally is really from L. JoBeen.
I just have never seen anything that vivid and that massive.
Believe me, he wasn't talking about L. JoBeen.
If you said that, it's an absolute dump.
It's a hole in the wall.
Isn't it amazing, though, that you notice how we're getting most of our calls are like,
I mean, we've had some from Tampa and St. Pete, which is, I guess, to be expected.
And one from Orlando yesterday and Tallahassee.
But most of them are from the like we're warming our way into all these little nooks and crannies.
Well, that's what happens when you start especially over there.
There are so many little towns between here and the West Coast.
And especially, you start talking about the areas between, you know, you've got some pretty major metropolitan areas.
You've got four Myers and Sarasota in town.
Well, wait a minute.
Major metropolitan area four Myers?
Oh, for God.
You spent too much time in L. JoBeen Pound.
Probably, probably.
God.
But for Florida, at least for that area.
Right.
And then in between these little pote dunks, one horse town, they're just a little red necks.
And they probably never been like 10 miles outside of their city.
And they think if they hear anyone or, you know, anything that they're not familiar with, they're immediately offended and immediately, uh...
Well, that guy, he wanted to be offended from the moment he turned it on.
He was just dying to be offended.
I guarantee he's enjoying every minute.
He's loving it.
He's like a star now.
He's like our lutes correspondent now, man.
He's probably going to call you every day and do the thing.
He's probably bigger than dusty roads and lutes right now.
Exactly.
Hey, believe me.
The dustier, it doesn't take much to be bigger than dusty roads and lutes.
Yeah, I'm sure of that.
Anyway, listen, I saw Channel 7 news last night.
Sally wasn't on the broadcast.
She was on the show.
That's the interviewer.
Oh.
That her home and they showed her like putting flowers up and running around.
She had like a big patch on her eye.
I heard she was putting a big ice pack on it.
She looked awful.
And her eye too.
She said her eye was bleeding from inside and, you know, it was really scary.
But they had some other tempo that was on in her place sitting there with Rick.
She's had worse emergencies than that from what the rumor mill says.
Believe me.
Well, um, well, um, well, um, I didn't doubt yank those babies out.
I don't know about all that, but apparently she was really shaken up by the whole thing.
Yeah.
This has been a real wonder.
What about Leslie Stahl from CBS?
Remember, she came here to do a thing a few months ago and she got mugged into morning and then mugged again at night.
Yeah, but Neil, this is her.
Just because we wanted to give her the feel of the, uh, the lay of the land.
But this is from your home town station.
Right.
No, this is your used to come town station.
They're going to milk this for all its worth.
The first 15 minutes of the broadcast last night was on this subject.
Yeah.
A smash and rub rub.
I heard.
I heard.
You know, you know how they're always staging things when things are boring.
I heard Rick Sanchez did it.
I, hey, wouldn't surprise me at all.
Just a rumor.
Wouldn't surprise me at all.
But rumor has it that there's a spark plug missing from his wife's car.
So you figure it out.
Have a great day.
Take care, Neil.
See ya.
When some slum me, I'll try to put me down and says he has watched a congregation.
I tell him right away.
Now listen here.
I stood there.
Can't you hear the lies show?
It's number one in the nation.
Oi!
All the faiths give a go.
It's the game of truth.
It's the game of truth.
It's the game of truth.
It's the game of truth.
It's the game of truth.
It's the game of truth.
It's the game of truth.
It's the game of truth.
It's the game of truth.
It's the game of truth.
It's the game of truth.
A new clock, Yamol Kee, a broider and gold.
It sure is bold.
I wear it everywhere when I go round to other A's.
They don't know what to say.
So be true to your show.
Flash, flash, flash, fire's for the nation.
Nice, nice, nice.
Be true to your show.
Flash, flash, flash.
So for the baby.
Flash, flash, flash, flash.
Be true to your show.
I'm John Killer.
Our Fridays are being jacked up on the Sabbath service.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be steady now.
I go for that beyond.
I'm in the choir now.
She'll be singing away.
Be true to your show.
Flash, flash, flash.
Be true to your show.
Flash, flash, flash, flash.
Be true to your show.
Flash, flash, flash.
Be true to your show.
It's the game of truth.
It's the game of truth.
Flash, flash, flash.
Don't forget Rick and Son, it's two to sixty-seven of the new one.
Good job, Rick.
but you know
he is so insecure and so wimphy and so just go on and do it baby in fact today
they got the payphone challenge right oh wait till they hear that over on a
west coast man god oh speaking of that here's Ruskin yeah I want to tell
that truck driving sheet toad and booger picking mulleting fellow that he's
nothing but a two-time looser all right that was probably from a cub
eleven forty nine a-cob boy did he oh man
Georgia's face just turned orange so he's either having carrot juice for a
launcher just they can't handle it anymore can't handle a pressure I'm calling
from a cob and hey listen based on all the other names were getting I mean
if we if we got an L Joe being we could sure have an a-cob couldn't we you
betcha man hey listen it's just life okay just whatever it is just a
smile and laugh and the puke your brains out it's eleven till noon on
news talk radio six ten w i o d oh see yes there are stations that pipe in
crap and it doesn't do anything because it's garbage it's boring and it's like
bush Bing Bang and it's like Bruce Williams and it's all the same crap so what
the hell do you expect Gabe okay just like you put that big fat cow on for three
hours every afternoon that comes from a pot somewhere that he's sitting up
there on his resting on his laurels okay with his eighty billion dollars in his
big six hundred pound body making fun of the homeless that's that a boy rush
you're the best man you're all heart you slime ball here's a call in Naples
a meal yes sir I'm dying over here yeah I mean really you know it's it's a
slow death uh
if you want to hurry it up call that guy from loot still come down and speed it
up for you I never heard of that that's outside of what campers right outside
of tampons a great place and he loves us he just he just has a funny way is
shown that I have a feeling he's going to be calling every day he can be our
loot score responded we got the bird we got the loot sky man we're already off
to a great start we got one synagogue the rabbi just left town for Australia
he just beat it out of town who the hell can blame him and the judge we got a
Jewish guy in Naples unbelievable my wife thought I was in a bad crowd over there
so she brought me over here for a flood that you know the the most amazing thing
is all these Germans you know in the summertime here they they take advantage
of the rates I mean there is more under our arm here on the women here than my
whole body all together I swear to God and control yourself and the clock shows
over here Neil yeah I'm telling you you know backer yeah I mean topical well
that's why they have all those right wingers like Heinrich Himmler Jr. and all the
other ones on the way it's right in and do they love rush I'll bet I'm telling you
it's like they're here they just I mean 12 to 3 just wait sir you're going to be
surprised in the months to come you and others over there will be shocked at the
tremendous and just two days we've turned that entire part of the state on
their anus I'm coming back I'm gonna kill myself I'm telling now why what's wrong
with it over there it's quiet is it quiet quiet the weather's nice you got your
pelicans and you got your dog track and you got your my song and shuffle board
and it's wonderful and you know I but there are no horses no I mean don't they
have a lot of horses I mean my friend cap is all in a couple of years it is
it is now post time the horses are at the game oh you sound better than he is
I know he is very now listen to me let me ask you at the nape I know they have
dog tracks that's very big over there well it's in Benita actually
beneath a spring but don't they like Simon Cash don't they do like
pop it out pop it out park and call it yes they do so what's wrong with that
what's wrong with that there you go make a life out of that well until you're
broke it's a what I am broke you cannot make a living over here now I mean I
thought you went over there to retire now I am 45 years on you went over there
to work well what the hell do you do I'm a broker stockbroker oh man you
got to go in the sheet business you can just go crazy you return about three
weeks yeah after yesterday man you can go you can sell like two by four so
they can all make crosses well I'm telling you between you asked for a
due from the west coast now you got to do something for me the greatest
part of all time I haven't heard in a while right the guy who who screamed at
the bird I got to hear it I already played it but because you're so desperate
did you hear the bird call are you not the bird call this this morning on the
bird line I heard you say something about the bird but I didn't realize that
he called all right listen I got to run so I can play it for you okay take
care of yourself happy for him if you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on
six ten W I O D you missed this yeah okay listen do me a favor play anything
because I can't stand listening to you you serve like a douchebag do it do
I do a do a do a favor play anything well can I ask you a question before you go
oh god you sound so stupid I hate to talk to you yeah go ahead why did you
call me I didn't call you not just to tell you not to say anything just play
something oh god can't stand it well then why are you listening
I play something already why won't you answer me you won't see he won't talk to
me oh we got a car here well he's making a comeback I'll tell you it's coming out
of retirement to just spread his wings around the entire state of Florida isn't
that great we have an open line in date county 7519463 and right now after we
finished with our Jewish pies on a Naples that out of town line you can be on it
man when we come back and you know we're just grabbing it like crazy if you're
like an acob or any of those exciting places 1-800 how come we haven't heard
from all those out of town women we heard from yesterday it was great like
Saint Pete and Sarasota God we heard from some almost alive people in Sarasota
yesterday under the age of 200 at 1-800-944-49463 don't forget Rick and
Suds and man they're gonna turn a state on its ass with the pay phone challenge
to the 6th this afternoon
South Florida's news traffic and weather states
news talk radio 610 W I O D Miami-Ford Waterdale and the Bombay
