for failing to stop the beating and perhaps escalating it at the start
So even one of the four who was on trial
Says that the thing got out of control and that there was excessive force
He also of course was acquitted
1006 at W.I.O.D. What a depressing day, huh? Not gonna be any fun in games today
So if you're one of those simple-minded pimpleheads like that bitch that called in the first half hour
Can you believe her just totally oblivious man just in the twilight song?
North Lauderdale hey, I think that the decision was definitely horrendous and I can't believe it
But at the same on the same thought though is
The thing that they're the things that they're doing in L.A.
Can't be condoned either. I mean of course not pulling innocent people first not
They have absolutely nothing about here. How about after the McDuffee trial here and they pulled all those kids out of the out of cars
And housed out their brains with broken bottles
I mean the stuff that went on here was just so gruesome and grotesque there in a word to describe it
But I think that this in L.A. is gonna go on for a long time
I think we're just seeing the beginning. I can I can envision like there's gonna be probably a black television
Television shows getting everyone together. It's gonna. I mean as far as let me ask you something
What does it have to do with black anything? No, I don't have to do with black
It has to do with with with freedom
It has to do with any kind of individual rights. I mean races a part of it
But it has to do with whether we want to live in a goddamn police. No, you got you can't take race out of it
It really is a part of it because the person that got beat up was a black person
Yeah, and the people that beat him up were about the drug guy Mercado that they beaten butchered and killed here
Was he black? No, no, I'm just saying that that I can see their the frustrate
How about the guy in Santa Cruz that was running around in the underwear that they were beating the guy was beating the crap out
Was he black? Hey listen, don't don't get me wrong. I'm not for what happened
I'm a totally against it and I'm appalled at the decision. I see if they can do it to Rodney King and go through this
Long three-month trial and get exonerated and get off without so much as a slap on the wrist
They can do it to you and they can do it to me and they can do it anybody else white black green yellow purple
Young old in between because that's what's called the police state
You're right. I think it's getting worse every minute of every day
That's very scary and I know a few Fort Lauderdale policemen and I've talked to them and their philosophy is
When they pull someone over if it's a if it's like a dirt bag in their words if it's a dirt bag
They'll definitely go out of their way to find some way to give the guy a ticket over if it's a guy a white guy with a suit and a tie
That looks like a respectable citizen or whatever and they're mine. They'll do whatever they can to get that white guy off
Over like a dirt bag person and so well all depending you then all depends on their particular prejudices
But if happens to be a pig whose prejudices against young guys with a long hair for example
Or maybe it's a young guy who's got an earring in one ear and God forbid it's the wrong ear
I mean you know they're like a Julian different reasons that people have prejudices and when somebody gives them the power of the law
And a good and a badge in the uniform and says okay, it's okay now for you because you're the law
And now you can go out and act out your prejudices and we'll back you up on it
That's got and then that's that's got to stop but at the same time
Well, when is it gonna stop can I tell you something though you were saying about you know
We have the death penalty and that doesn't seem to be deterring crime
Well, I think it's the way that it's it's acted out. I mean my god if if these a lot of these murderers and things knew that
Hey, listen as soon as they're convicted within 30 days. They're going to the death
That sentence I think that that would definitely be a deterrent
Well, that's a whole separate issue. Okay, I'm not I'm not I'm not gonna shed any tears for the Ted Bundy's of the world or for this guy that they
Gasped out in California that that's a whole separate issue. Right. Let me ask just one other question
Yeah, and I want to and I want to try to make this another
I hope that you don't cut me off
But what do you think if the cops would have all been black and the criminal would have been white? How do you think the outcome would have been?
I don't have any idea. I mean do you think don't you think it would have been just boom? They would have probably
Sentenced the cops immediately. They'd probably be in the gas chamber
I really mean that I think that it would have been a totally different
Outcome I think that they would have probably had an all-white jury again
And they probably would have just sentenced the cops and say oh you guys let me ask you a question
When's the last time you heard of anybody on trial in a situation like this and having an all black jury or an all minority?
I know that's just ridiculous
They moved it to that town which is predominantly white
It has a lot of retired police
It would be like it would be like a similar situation happening on 12th street in Detroit
And taking the trial out to Bloomfield Hills to a wealthy all-white suburb in Detroit or gross point and
Dehoding the trial there with an all-white jury
Right or on northwest 60th second street and then taking the trial to Boca
Right exactly and that's just ridiculous
Well, I mean I don't know if there's much that you can do about it
I was happy to see that there were a lot of people protesting it in LA that we're doing a peaceful protest
Right as opposed to looting and using it for an opportunity to to rob and beat up and kill and whatever
Well, I'll tell you one thing in November sir come election day in November one thing the American public can do is put an end to this
creeping fascism that's been going on for the last 12 years now. It's got to stop
But let me tell you gotta come to an end can I tell you something what Reagan and Bush have done though?
They've got that supreme court just about how they want it. Yeah, right
So even if we get
Clinton brown whoever it's still what would you like?
Would you like to give them another four years to put another couple of money?
No, no way. I mean they they definitely can have no more time
I agree with that
But we got a lot of turnaround to doing it's gonna take more than just one election
I think you well didn't happen overnight and they're gonna correct it overnight
But it's time to put a screeching halt to other progress anyway
Change the subject just a little bit. Did you get to see the heat game? Yeah, we saw most of it last time
I thought they did tremendous. It was a great game
It's just a shame they got nothing to be ashamed about believe me. What was it? What was the final score?
115 to 109 or something like that? Yeah, something like that if they to made the free throws they to one ball
They got nothing to be ashamed if the marlins if the marlins do as well in four years as an expansion team is the heat
Have done we'll have something to be excited about do you think Jordan is just phenomenal 56 points last time
He didn't even score the first couple minutes of the ball. I know you like the first eight minutes of the quarter
He didn't score anything. It was a Michael Jordan and Scotty Pippin against the heat less. I exactly
Okay, got off you later. See him 12 minutes after 10 at WIOD
If you lose a hubcap man
If you're on the middle of nowhere before the 1015 to WIOD Miami on the starline
Hey, hey don't know. Okay, you know it's amazing you hit a cop
And you go to jail for battery on a police officer right?
six cops or five cops
Beep the crap at a one guy and they'll get acquitted
You know what I'd like to see three things. I'd like to see all those people that were on that jury
Somewhere in their life get abused by police officers in the future. Maybe they'll reflect
their verdict a little more
Approximately for what they did to that guy number two. I hope all the cops
Accidentally just get lost in the neighborhood of
Where they're patrolling and all the people remember them
I also hope that the people do what the cops did to him the people should do to the cops
And as well. Well, I'm not I'm not going along with that. I mean we do we can't just have anarchy now
Okay, and uh, just okay, maybe that goes along with the kind of stuff that's going you know when and the tragedy of it is
Just like what happened here, uh, you know three different times, but especially after the McDuffie thing
I think it was an 80 right exactly
You know people burn down their own neighborhoods. I mean, you know, they're what? What sense does that make they burn down
Very soon and they put no sense to that all life
They put their own people their own neighbors out of business. They create absolute havoc and
In the test conditions right and I understand there are some of those people who are frustrated
And then the majority of the people who sees upon these situations are just to exploit and loot and and go nuts
Just as an excuse to uh to do any damn thing they want
But that's not the that's not the solution to it
I agree with that you're probably right and maybe that's what it said before that
It's not going to happen one election or in one four-year period of course of course
It's not because this is going on for years and years and getting worse and worse and worse every stink and damn when we've got a president
Who says that justice the system has worked what is this man talking about what is he talking about to come on and to have the
Hutzpun in front of 250 million people to go on the tube and say the system has worked and it's about time we had respect for law and order
And you know another thing where's the fair trial there was no there was not one black fira on the
Well the the prosecution as far as I'm concerned stunk the joint out and the fact that they didn't put king on a trial
I'm not the standing self. I don't care what kind of a sleaze bag he was that's not the issue
Doesn't make any difference what kind of a sleaze bag you are whether you're like the president of the US or some kind of a slime ball on the lowest
Part of the food chain. I understand that's not what the law is all about
Well, unfortunately, it's going to take a long this world to change this society
Unfortunately, well forget about the world just worry about this society right here. Okay
Because every time I go away and I leave the shores of this country and I go to Europe and then I come back here
And I see the kind of crap that's peddled in the name of justice in this society
I just you know put that passport in my underwear to make sure that I have it close and handy at all times
You know what I'm saying? Yes, sir. I do keep it tightly and sconst in your fist and your passport
Well with that I
I'd rather not be in your shoes today to listen to all the abuse for what we're gonna have to listen from what we saw last night
But you're the best to do it. Okay. Thank you
Ten eighteen. Oh listen just the way I feel today. I may just really bummed out about this thing and I'm about depressed and
I'm in shock. I really am in shock. I sat there and I watched the
And heard the words coming over this tube last night and I couldn't believe it
I'm listening to it and I'm saying this this has got to be I mean there's got to be something more coming
There's got to be something beside this and it wasn't that was it
It's like somebody taking an eraser and going to a blackboard and just erasing everything that's on it's okay
Nothing there the slides clean. Maybe you're all okay
Go out and do it again
Ten nineteen at W. I. O. D Miami
Hello, Neil good to go today
I just wanted to say you know
What happened in LA is is deplorable but I've noticed that there seems to be a mood of whether it's a skating indictment of police forces nationwide
I think why shouldn't there be well because I really think it's a minority view that
Cops are all bad you say we haven't said cop don't make sure don't start that game with us. Okay. Nobody hears that cops are all bad
Well, you know, we're calling in saying you know, hey, how many how many corrupt cops have we had here?
How many cops are indicted here every year to last 15 20 years?
I've been here for 17 years now and every year we have all can we have the Miami river cops
We have murder cases we got drug peddling we got theft we got every kind of police corruption that's ever been invented the police in Chicago
Years ago were notorious notorious for taking people in blacks minorities people
They didn't like the way they look and just beating the crap out of them during interrogation
This kind of stuff goes on every single day and it doesn't take all of the cops to be bad
It only takes a certain percentage and it takes the people in a position of authority to look the other way and wink at it and say hey
This is this is really what we want that's all it takes
Well, no, I agree with that, but I think it's just you know, I think cops are just a reflection of society itself
I mean we've got a real problem with society say yourself. I mean others
Crap all the time violence is out of control. It's disgusting
So what does that mean so that means because the public is frustrated because we're not a real crime
Therefore we just abandoned all of our freedom and say okay
You go ahead do whatever it takes and then and that's part of the problem sir these last 12 years is that's the mentality
That's been peddled by people like Ed Mies and Richard Thornburg to the American public. Oh, okay
Take away our rights. We don't care if that'll solve the problem. That's great
Well, let me just guess what it didn't solve the problem
Well, no, I nothing I just like this ass tonight approach to the so-called drug problem
We got Bob Martinez up there and we're wasting all of this money
We might as well be flushing it down the toilet all the money
They're spending on on the so-called drug problem because it's just a big scam
Well, you know, we we need an enemy if we don't have the Soviet Union's we need drugs
It helps keep things focused like that's what they would say hey, but as far as I mean as far as the verdict goes
I was I was surprised myself. I mean I could try it was shot
Thank God we don't have trial by CNN though and I mean we only saw one tape. I thought
Clearly there was one of the jury's
What wait a minute did the jury see some tapes that we don't know about?
Well apparently from what I heard July, yes, down CNN the jury saw a part of a
Extended version of the footage where mr. King came out of the car and charged the cop
That doesn't make the fact that they continued their inhuman beating when when did they see this?
It's Greg Lamont that's so right after the verdict when did they see this alleged
The this is the first couple seconds of the video that most of the public wasn't privy to for sure
Not that what the trial was televised on court TV and the most of the
I don't know if I said yesterday and I
I hadn't heard of that before let me say this when you say the first couple of seconds and I don't believe that for a minute
And I do know that they're saying it was the stuff that happened before what we saw in the tape
There's 81 seconds of that tape. You know how long 81 seconds is it's a minute and 21 seconds
That's a long long time not in the scheme of life in general
But in terms of this kind of beating and behavior going on that's a long time. Oh, I agree
What about the now thing is it if there were blacks on the jury which there should have been
I don't understand why there wasn't especially with a black prosecutor who claims that all the jurors were impartial. Yeah, why?
If if there had been blacks on the jury
Then one would have to assume that it would have been a racist verdict if they had gone for a long court
Because if we're by saying that blacks on the jury would have changed the decision
Then we're saying that the decision would have been made on the on the basis of race
Well, in another way and you think and you think it wasn't you think it wasn't
I
Well the black prosecutor said that there was an impartial jury
He should know but the black prosecutor then bungled it just as I said moments ago the prosecution was pathetic
It was they should have put mr. King up of course the product of prosecution in the will William Kennedy Smith trial was a joke
I dog could have done a better job
Lasty deterrent on that is you know, okay. I got to run. Okay. Thanks. Bye. Yeah, okay
So the bottom line is
We need to go to Don Corleone for justice. I'll tell you that oh, it's just uh there is no justice anymore
It's just it's a it's a theory it exists only in uh in print and in the uh figment of your imagination
Why don't you tell you about Jimmy's Italian restaurant right now three of them
Coral springs there were two locations the new one in the Sheridan Plaza
Unsured in the street in the Hollywood Jimmy's great Italian dining for the whole family inexpensive nice relaxed atmosphere delicious pizza
Every kind of pizza under the sun. Well, they like the thick
Cecilian pizza or whether you like the traditional a New York style or the big white all cheese pizza or spinach pizza and of course
The famous pizza pop that Jimmy has you won't find it any place else a great combination of sausage and green peppers pepperoni
mozzarella cheese all rolled in pizza dough with sauce or the veggie pop which is a vegetarian version of the same thing or the chicken pop with chicken and great
Calzone's and subs and fantastic pasta dishes and seafood and great veal and chicken dishes
It is outstanding. They give you humongous portions and the prices prices are unbeatable
You can try there all you can eat lunch buffet with over 12 items to choose from doll for just five and a quarter
Or they're unlimited soup and salad for only three ninety five so give it a try any of the three locations
You'll find Jimmy's in Coral Springs on University at Wiles Road next to came art on Atlantic Boulevard at Coral Springs
Drive next to Windixi and the newest Jimmy's in the new Sheridan Plaza at
49 47 Sheridan Street in Hollywood
As the nation's largest furniture rental and sales company Aaron rents and sells office furniture stocks only the finest brand names
Available in the United States today famous brand names like lazy boy one of the countries leading manufacturers of fine office seating
With their classic good looks and unforgettable comfort lazy boy chairs are at home in any office
You can choose from several different styles of lazy boy executive chairs side chairs and task chairs in a wide selection of fabric and finish options
In fact lazy boy custom makes one very popular style exclusively for Aaron rents
Right now Aaron rents is offering their best selling lazy boy black leather executive chair and a very special price
An 845 dollar value now only five hundred eighty nine dollars
Whether you choose to rent or buy lazy boy chairs the best values are at Aaron rents and sells office furniture
The nation's largest furniture rental and sales company
For convenient locations pepper park Coral Way, Parine and Hylia
Looking for new ways to boost productivity
Try this thing. This is the sound of a copier that offers 85 very affordable copies a minute
Remote monitoring and a three-year guarantee
Introducing the meat at DC 85 85
A rare opportunity for business to radically improve productivity simply by pushing a button
Meet the image specialist for full details call 1 800 858 MIT 8
Um, I know how to say this
You know
Oh, you don't know I was hoping you did, you know, sometimes it's easier done and said just call 1 800 flowers anytime
We'll deliver beautiful flowers anywhere to anyone in a matter of hours guaranteed
All you need is a credit card and a telephone to get worldwide FTP service
1 800 flowers Carolie speaking hello, I um, I
You know call 1 800 flowers now for Passover Easter and Secretary's Week
1027 at W I O D a call from Los Angeles hey Neil yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing okay. We're impressed
Why
Why well obviously I know why but why today what are you doing out there? I moved out here
Yeah, and you have to ask me why we're depressed
Uh, I would think you'd be depressed at this point well, I am
Yeah, but uh, nah you saw listen to you. I mean like avid go to every remote every day listening to you it was sickening
Yeah, and uh, I moved out here to get my band going moved out there and now it's more sickening
Yeah, well, well, I got Howard so it's kind of depressing. Yeah, but um, how you doing? I'm doing fine
Yeah, well great. I got a friend of mine sent me the excess issue. Yeah, and uh, you know, no biggie
Okay, yeah, uh, how can they don't take it? Uh, collect calls anymore because we're cheap
That's ridiculous because the sisters want all of that 5.2 billion dollars for themselves because they're greedy
When did they stop taking collect calls? Oh months ago. Oh, that is ridiculous. Of course it is
I'm gonna be paying ten bucks. It's all right. What part of town are you living in? Well, I'm living
Well since what's going on? I'm living away from what's going on? I'm living in North Hollywood. Okay, so um
It's not where the riots are going on. Yeah, but it totally reminded me of overtown and since you're
Probably the most intelligent person. I know I wanted to get your opinion on what's happening? My opinion while I've been expressing it for last hour
Here this morning, but obviously you couldn't hear it, but I don't know how there's not much room for opinion
I mean, it's just one of the most
Grotesque things that's ever happened. We've seen it happen here a couple of times. Yeah, and uh
But this one, I mean, we actually had the evidence right there
We had a smoking gun in the videotape and we've been exposed to it over and over and over again
And how any people unless they were intimidated or threatened or whatever the other
There's just got to be something here that it doesn't meet the eye
Because there's no way that anybody can watch that and assume that there wasn't excessive force
And that they just weren't out of control
There's no way that any rational fair person could watch it
Yeah, and they did
And then the president comes out and says that justice has been done
Well, he says tighten up your bootstraps put your arm straight up in the air and just salute salute this was to good
Just this is be done and obey the law. Yeah, it's ridiculous. I mean last night every channel
um
And these you know, I'd be saying I'd be saying everything
Uh, there would no shows on it was just the news of what's going on
Well, I have my satellite this was I was watching KTLA out there in Los Angeles
Till about two o'clock this morning, uh-huh, and they did quite a job
They had the helicopter up and he kept they kept zipping over to one
Fire after another one and it was just there was incredible
Yeah, and uh, you know, they even they even shot a fireman
Yeah, and I don't know if he's dead or what but it's ridiculous. It's you know totally
You know, it's I can't believe it in sanity. Yeah exactly
Today people will go back and find out what time the Simpsons is on tonight
And don't worry about that and about what time the reruns of Mary Tyler more come on
Yeah, you know, the American this whole society is so screwed up. It's unbelievable
We're worried of this whole new thing that we're into now is finding out every everybody's uh pimples now
What everybody has done wrong and who I smoked to join 20 years ago and did he inhale and who slept with this one
Where the national inquirer mentality is taken over the whole country now
Which is why we've got 75 of these tabloids shows on every day and Araldo's got the guys who slept with their sisters husbands and
It's just out of control and the public is grasping at straws and this little twirpy guy Ross Perot comes along
Oh, yeah, we don't know much about him, but we're all for him because uh the other guy's stink
Well, that makes a lot of sense. Yeah, exactly
There's an old saying that you get out of something whatever you put into it and the American people are for years now
Have put nothing into the system. They've just uh tuned out and uh just the totally uh forgotten about it
And now the thing is all screwed up and I want some simplistic answer to it and it's not there
Yeah, it's ridiculous. Well hang in there. Okay good hearing from you um, okay, well
You know, I know I'm paying for it, but I tell you Neil I've moved out here five months ago and I'm Jonesed it for you
So I guess I'm gonna be a sap and get put on hold if I can okay. Okay. Okay. Let me call a couple guys douchebags
Yep Todd and Richie are a couple of major douchebags. Okay, hold on
1031 and W.I. Would you dearle gates is a douchebag too? By the way, just thought I mentioned that in passing a coconut grove hello
Hi, Neil. This is David. How are you doing? Okay, David? Um
I've been listening to the comments here about the trial and I'm I'm from Los Angeles for the Los Angeles area
In fact, I'm actually from Seamy Valley right and I happened to be out in Los Angeles in towards the end of March when
The trial was going on and I listened to some
evidence that was
reported and
There's some parts of it that aren't totally in favor of
Mr. King
But I do want to make a preface all of this by saying that I think the police or the that jury was totally wrong
That regardless of what evidence
What additional evidence was brought into court there is there is
No justice for a beating like that
But the information that I had heard
Or actually seen on TV when it was being broadcast was the fact that
Rodney King was shot with a taser right and that taser did not have any effect on him because it didn't penetrate his skin
And it may have given the police at the time the impression that he was on something like pcp
Oh, yeah, they said that he was a dusted that's what the um when it was the officers name again the one at
Brasano he was on this morning saying they was on angel dust or they call it dusted or at least they believe that but
We don't even but we guard us of that no matter what he was on no matter what he was on
He wasn't able to to obtain superhuman powers that was going to enable him to fend off
This half a dozen armed police officers with their guns in her clubs and all of the other
Things that they had available to them. It just wasn't going to happen
And the 81 seconds of footage that we see in the videotape he is down on the ground during every moment of that 81 seconds at no time during that video tape
Does he get up off the ground and there is no time that he tried to to defend himself
It was obvious clearly obvious anyone who really looked and studied the tape that that man was subdued
And there is there is a point at which the police need to stop right
Remember and that was the crux of the whole thing at what point do we have excessive violence at what point do we have a bunch of cops gone mad and out of control and just totally
abusing this individual and this lily white jury like like I said before they'd just never found that point and maybe there was no point in their mind
The the other the other the other issue I wanted to raise there was a comment by
by one of the
listeners
um
Did indicated that the the jury was or seemed to imply the jury was selected from the town of seamy valley which is
uh majority white by by by anyone standards
um
The jury wasn't selected from the town of seamy valley they were selected from Ventura County right and that is uh there's a heavy
Poverventura County is also mostly white uh oh yeah heavily white right not not mostly white
But it doesn't really make any definitely making difference because all the people who wind up on the jury were white
So regardless of uh who else might live in Ventura County uh it's not really relevant
Right that's all I had to say okay. Thank you. Okay now
Because you could say the same of Palm Beach County like the guy who said before if they were picked if the crime was on
62nd Street in Miami and they had an all-white jury picked from boca while boca is in Palm Beach County and obviously in West Palm Beach and
Some other parts of Palm Beach County there are heavily
Black populated areas, but that's not really relevant
1035 at wio. D if the porkers are getting to you you can fight back with the ticket defense team and boy
Uh, do we need him nowadays?
So they did a good job for me remember that ticket I had a couple of months ago
They went into court and guess what I don't even have the right cart and the machine
End of the point no points
That's right
So if next time they nail you for a speeding and water their little under the busher over the overpass
Traps that they have waiting for you because after all they're your friends
Call on the ticket defense team. They'll send one of their attorneys into court to go to bat for you
And like I said they have a great batting average do a super job for you
So if you don't want no one have those points on a record
You don't want to have your insurance rates going sky high or even get dropped by your insurance company
Fight back with the ticket defense team. Call them toll free from anywhere
1-800-741-Team
Hello
21-11-WIOD here's a lady in Hollywood. Hi. Hi. Why did you even know that you're absolutely 100% right?
I mean about gates being a douchebag now that everybody's in trauma and they know what's happened
It's almost like an un-a-child abuse victim
Where I'm feeling the abuse were sorted and denial except for the people like myself that know that these things happen
And what we need to do to stop this from happening is to vote against somehow call our congressmen and work together to vote against the jury system
The jury system is very very dishonest
And if you don't put your focus there it's gonna happen over and over again
What do you mean vote against the jury system? How can you vote against that? You have a constitutional amendment?
We need to get something on a ballot
to pick a jury
That is really fair from a range of people not on either side
But we're supposed to do that already. No, no you don't do that
Yes, I said we're supposed to do that already
I know but the fact is when people come to me are a jury is supposed to be a balanced jury of the accused's peers
I understand but do you understand how it's actually done?
Of course
William Kennedy comes in and picks his people that he wants and tells them that once he doesn't want because he's the defendant
You understand that
No William Kennedy Smith doesn't come in and pick and choose his attorneys the attorneys on both sides do it
And how the and how the prosecutors allowed an all-white jury to be in panel for the Rodney King trial
Is got to be one of the great mysteries in the history of the human race
I don't understand but you have to break that down when William Kennedy's
of attorneys came in they can't even were in the room
What about it?
They pick who they want that for for King and for these for policemen
They get to say who they don't want that has to change
There has to be a random sampling of people that has got to be established to you will never have fairness and we never do
But if you're not going to have fairness don't you understand the criminal justice system is a joke
It doesn't work
But that works for the most part
99 99 times out of 100 with the exception of maybe Leonid Helmsley
It works for people who have a lot of money and for people who don't have money and can't afford a tremendous defense
It doesn't work and just remember
The only thing right 9 million dollars in taxes
So it doesn't even work there
But by saying is if you don't if you don't want to talk about how that jury system is actually picked
You are never ever going to want to talk about how to get it done right
Yeah
See that's that's the part that nobody really wants to get into because if that doesn't change
There's no way of ever changing this. This is a joke
We know it's a joke, but now to do something about it or get out. I'm ready to leave America
What this is done for me is this has told me
God says to leave I'm leaving. I will not be here. I will make my
God says to leave but I mean fate says to leave the system says to leave
Everything is saying to leave. This is not right to be here any longer. I will be moving to Europe or Jamaica. I mean, I will not be here
Okay, good luck to him 1042 at W.I. Would do we have an open line and Broward 5249463
Lantana hello. Yeah, I'll buy her a ticket. Well, I'll I'll pitch in some okay
space good head
This morning though Brian Gumball had a phone call of a one of the jurors out there of what's female is she thought that
Ronnie King was in total control during the 81 second
Well, I think that when you're down on the ground and you've surrounded by people with guns and clubs and they're beating the crap out of you and kicking you in that
I think you're in pretty much in control, don't you? Right and she she felt that
throughout and
Then Brian asked her do you think the beating was racist even though they had tapes that they had cops saying that
This looks like gorilla in the midst and you know, right what not
And she just said no she just figured that it was not a racist beating and that you know
What can I say it's just it's just stuck yeah, and
That's it. I wonder if it would have been her white husband this year or her white son if she would have felt the same way
Yeah, I don't know well, I think we should send Hank Goldberg out there
Okay, that'll settle patch it all up okay 10 40 40 you for W I O D a
Pig we port in Hollywood
Okay, yeah, we got two of them sitting right over here and shared in and
441 anybody
Attempting to go straight heading west on a shared in the street
They're pulling you over if you're in the right hand lane so the advice is to slow down roll down your window and as you drive by shout out
Be John killer that would do it. Listen. I want to voice my opinion. I want to think here
I was involved about three months ago in this trial
I had a good friend of mine was killed from a Miami police officer who was in a bar drinking about 10 to 15 beers at the bartender
No, she served him
Mm-hmm. He went outside wound up to shoot and shoot and kill in a close friend of mine
He was also found not guilty right the day the jury was supposed to go be sequestered to deliberate on the verdict
Miami police officers eight of them showed up in full force with their uniforms and everything sat in a front row
Whether it's an intimidation factor or well sure. This is a fraternity
This is this goes back this goes back to the thing that I always question and I don't understand why this is so tacky
I guess you just not supposed to say this
But when a police officer is shot and killed which is always a tragedy like we had here in North Miami beach a few months ago
All the cops from all over the state people who never heard of them people who don't know they come in because they're there's this silent
Bond like there's this gigantic fraternity. I mean if if some poor slide down the street who's just innocent by state or some poor kid from school
gets a shot and killed in the middle of crossfire and some drug deal gone better whatever that situation might be
If a plumber gets shot and killed by some punk who's in running from other cops
We don't have the plumbers from all over the state come and bring their
Equipment and all you know get in their trucks and it's just unbelievable this tremendous
If right in it frightening thing that exists between police officers and I'm again
I'm not condemning all of them, but there is a mentality that exists there that is absolutely chilling
It's a double standard and it's really right exactly
There's one set of standards and one set of rules for those people in a position of authority and then there's the rest of us
I feel sorry for the people in Los Angeles that are getting people are getting killed losing her property losing love
Well, that's another whole that's that's a nightmare. There's absolutely no excuse or just
Direction or frustration to the police officers not to do innocent people because I'm sure the people that are getting beat probably feel the same way as exactly
Everybody else you bet and one other thing
I know you have a lot of listeners out there after after listeners American listeners white has spent anything exercise your vote to
This coming November your president said that the law upheld that to me
condoning the actions use your right to vote and get him the hell out of office and let him go back to Texas
With its ritual and let somebody in there that can see through a problem like this and maybe put a foot down
And I'll let this character's going with it misjustice that they are doing okay
1047. I guess this is part of the kinder gentler
America the kinder gentler police a force and kinder gentler justice system
That the George Bush was talking about
13 to 11 at W.I.O.D. this Saturday. I'll be out at the auto optical at sawgrass
1050 at W.I.O.D. the land of the used to be free in the home of the grave
We have two open lines believe it or not in brown. I guess that's always believable 524 W.I.O.D.
Bokka
No yes. Hi
Nice be a bus supporter until you know our size reactions to the way things went
Out there I mean it just goes to show you I mean he's basically got his head in the sand when it comes to domestic issues
um
You know you made the point like Americans are I'm putting
Anything back into the system. I think um
The country's really being run by fewer and fewer people
And uh that if people don't go out there and vote they're not gonna be able to change anything
What do you know you look at these primaries now yesterday and um there are Tuesday and Pennsylvania
They had like less than 25% of the people that even bothered to come out and the excuses well
You know the candidates are crappy and I didn't vote in the Florida primary either based on the same reason
But I'll tell you some come November if people have the same kind of apathy and that same kind of attitude
Nothing is ever gonna change
Allegedly the public is angered and they're mad as hell and all this other crap and they don't want to take it anymore
But the only way that they can show that is by going out and getting rid of the people who are inflicting upon us
The kind of crap that's going on and ripping us off with the SNL scandals and all the other crap and inflicting upon us this
Police state that's taken away more and more freedoms and taking away rights from women to have any choice any say about their own bodies
I mean you know every any progress that we made in the 20 years between
1955 and 1975 for example or 1980 the last 12 years we just we've wiped most of it away
Well, exactly. I mean the people in the 60s. I mean they said okay
We have to go out there and change this the way things are going now and they went out there and they protested
No, I mean a lot of times we got violent, but a lot of it was done through peaceful protest
You know and I mean you got to say the way things are going out there in Los Angeles now
I mean there's a lot of people innocent people being victimized by this and
um
You know the criminals out there just looking for an excuse to to do their thing
You know, but I mean people just have to realize that in order to change
This they they got to go out there, you know
themselves and not sit around and wait for you know expect the other people to go out there and change it for right
Okay, okay, thanks our fingers. Thanks. Maybe maybe something will wake them up
1053 I doubt it though. I really do. I don't I don't want to sound like a total pessimist
But I am because I've seen it for too many years of my life that people's priorities are all screwed up
And they're just not willing to give any any kind of involvement or any kind of energy or even just a little tiny bit of their existence into things that count
So that's why you know you look around the world
And you see that people are starving to death by the millions and you see that people are overpopulating the planet and being encouraged to do so by the pope and other
Many acts who are running around the world in positions of power
It's called fourth misery forced suffering
And talking around with promises of a lot of double talking bubble mice. He's it's madness
It's mass madness. I'd say Howard Beal for president
Too bad Peter Finch is dead. We could bring him a back and make him president
And he could go on and articulate the popular rage here. We're not on television for a couple of hours
Because it's just the it's hopeless
It really is hopeless
You just let things get too far out of your hands
And there is just a handful of special interest to control every damn thing that goes on in this country
And the rest of us can be dead man
We're just a little bunch of peons and if we get our nose out of joint or if we say something we're not supposed to they come after you man
And you've added they step on you they smear you they destroy you they do it and if they can't do that they just wipe you out altogether
Miami
Okay
Less than I came home kind of late and I turned on nightline to see LA burning down
And when I first looked at him like oh my god, there's there's the big earthquake
And I found out that it's the Rodney King decision. I was just like and I think everyone feels sick to the stomach today
Yeah, that's exactly the six-year stomach because I sat there at my table at Pompato Park and I'm listening to the
Vertic coming and you're just confident you just know in your mind that it's gonna be guilty guilty guilty
And I mean everybody saw the tape and everybody is listening to the testimony and
And you just sit there and just sick to your stomach is exactly what I still do
Everyone except the jurors that said that they'll be able to sleep well tonight and all that other crap
Yeah, and some of the fraternal order of police guys who of course are always champion no matter what any of their members do
They're always they can do no wrong and there was a
Salivating for the opportunity
Flex their
I mean right like I like the guy said before it would be like taking a
Similar case that happened on 60 second street in Miami or somewhere in the middle of Liberty City
And having a change of venue and holding the trial up in Boka somewhere with an all-white juror
A theory of a Boka Lily White upper-crush type people
It just you just never gonna get a fair verdict and then that stupid lady was saying we got to change the jury system
She wasn't she was a space for it. She has no
I have the right to pick like six right and then throw out like six. There's a jury of like 52
However, I mean yeah, she didn't have a point
She did have a point to a degree even though she was a space cadet right and that is
I want you know sitting here and talking to the people that I do every day. Yeah five days a week
You know 49 weeks a year
I would hate to think that my life would be on the line that my future existence would be on the line based on
12 morons just picked randomly out there in the radio on the cut because most people in this society are
morons
And they saw and heard exactly what we heard and saw we heard the guerrillas in the mids joked
We heard them laughing on the you know the dispatcher's tape. Yeah, I mean as a direct result of all this case was forced to quit
Right, we saw different stories from all the the different TV shows on how the police academies were now, you know
showing all the cadets that's what they are cadets or stormtroopers how to you know not use excessive force and all this and
We get this kind of decision. I guess they can use the king tape for reference on exactly how far they can go
You know, well not how far they can go because you got to remember that this jury found that they never
Got to they never reached that point so and evidently there must be a little bit more
You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, it's not they can go out and see if they can do a little bit more and get away with that
How much rope they'll actually be given by the next jury before
Somebody says what you stepped over the line exactly anybody who's been watching the inside edition series
I saw it tonight. I came back from vacation in part four about police officers who speed
I haven't seen you haven't seen any of that and they what they've been doing is they've been tailing all these
That police captain like come right out of this restaurant flying out right then they're going like
75 and 80 miles an hour in residential neighborhoods and through school zones and everywhere else and
Well they're on their way to the drugstore they're on their way home for a hot dinner date or whatever they're doing and then they get then they
Corner them and they stick the microphone in their face. Oh, you're bothering me. I'm on my old time where they just walk away in a grumble
As if to somehow say they can do whatever the hell they want
No matter what it is and that's okay and they all stick together and they're all up there on one level and all the rest of us are like
subservient bunch of slabs and they can do whatever they want to us and basically that's how it exists believe me when I tell you
I believe it just to bring my own little story into this I was on the beach
Uh kind of uh intoxicated, but not not so much anyways, uh two police two beach police come up to me
This is right on south beaches tons of people around and uh and there was a guy and a girl arguing and I said
I mean really really physically arguing with each other to the point where one the girl was slapping the guy and the cops
Just in there watching. I'm like aren't you just gonna just go over there and just kind of break that up and they're like mind your own business
I'm like alright, I'm minding my own business and then the one cop goes uh you don't tell me what to do and he started pushing me
Pushing me up against one. I'm like hey, I'm not doing I've got damn thing and then everybody around me
You know just sort of forming a circle semi-circle and I'm sure of those people weren't there that guy would have just had his
Way with his stick, you know, yeah
Anyway, like I said, I think back to the 31st of January crossing Collins Avenue on that
Wednesday or Thursday night whatever the hell it was and seeing these two plain closed
Goop balls
Racing across the street after me and as I thought about it the next day
I know damn sure they wanted me to run and if I were to run I could have been the next Rodney King
Exactly if I had put up my hand or done any you know, it's instinctive
But anyways, Neil you have a good day and now take care. Good luck with saucer. Okay
Okay, that's gonna do it by the way the bad news is that the ratings for the nine to ten hour went way up
That's the bad news for me. That's the bad now. They did
The first time in recent memory at WIOD that nine to ten went up considerably from eight to nine
So I guess I'm gonna be thank you very much sir
Villedale is here with a little sustenance to help us continue our meager existences here
Rick and suds will be along it to this afternoon news from round of planet
I guess it won't be hard to figure out what the news from round of planet is today
Sonny and Joanne sports talk at 605 and then my personal best friend who left me a cute little um
Clipping in my box this morning. Forget it Hank you're wasting your time
Sheila McCray formerly of the Jackie Gleason show eight o'clock tonight
Things expressed by the guest host or callers are not necessarily those of this station now here's Neil Rogers on news dog radio
610 WIOD
So in the midst of all this other stuff that's the transpired starting at about 615 last night. I almost forgot to mention
That yesterday on her all those now it can be told show
There was the first segment about this guy who's in jalen, Texas
Who allegedly has um claims to have sold Dan quail marijuana 15 to 20 time some years ago
And just before the election in 1988 the presidential election this guy was uh and his attorney were to hold a press conference
And lo and behold not only to the government intervene and stop the press conference
But they put the guy in solitary until four days after the election
And now here he is and I wish I had more information on him
But the problem is you won't read it in print anywhere because the story is being so well subdued
And they had the guy by phone on a show and I think it was San Antonio, Texas
Neither San Antonio or al Paso
And a guy calls in allegedly anonymous guy to try to discredit him and talk about how he's a lie in the past and
But about it turns out to be because they traced the call the guy wouldn't identify him so
Turns out to have been the press secretary for Dan quail calling in from Washington DNC
To try to discredit this guy who's in jail and who's being kept very quiet and the story the administration is doing everything not again
And not that I think that's a big deal
But isn't it interesting how we have a separate set of standards and basically we have um
We don't have a democracy anymore
We've got like a dictatorship in the public's too stupid to even understand it
So level 07 at wiod thanks to the villa deli again by the way for a fantastic
Feast today we need something. This is like the last supper
It's like the guy who was in the gas chamber out in California
Remember they gave him the last meal he had got the big bucket of chicken and the big pizza
I wonder if Jeff Cohen sent the pizza out there
They could have saved the gas then
Oh, that was bad. Sorry Jeff. Just a little joke just a little joke, but that Jeff is a killer though
West Palm on the starline hello
Good morning. No. Yes, sir. No, I just wanted to call the
LAPD a bunch of baton bashing dish racks
And dish bags at that. I live in Los Angeles for eight years. I just wanted to make a quick statement
Actually, I live at Los Angeles in the at USC. So this wasn't when eight Davis was the police chief that fascist Nazi pig head Davis
No, it's still when I gave it was there
But I had a friend that we live right down in Watts right on the border of Watts and we had a friend that has car broken into
They tried to steal his car stereo. He caught the guy
He chased him down the street and the guy confronted him with the screwdriver threw him to the ground
Put him and just held his neck to the ground somebody called the police the police came
And her asked the guy a little bit took him to jail
And then pulled my friend aside and said listen you should have just
Be at the crap out of the guy because he's gonna get out of jail in a couple hours and he's might as well talk of him lessen
And I think that's the mentality of the LA police department and it's you know, it's really a sad state that you know it continues
So just wanted to pass that along you. Okay. Thank you very much. Thanks
1109
At W.I.O.D. Open line on the star lines, there I would be Miami
Hey, no idea. Okay. You think that maybe it's about time that we consider volunteering for the space shuttle
You know, I'm not be bad. It can only be an improvement. I would think better neighborhood anyway
A question. I don't know if anybody's brought it up or not
But the video that I've seen over and over again
Not one time that I ever see any of those cops as they were circling this guy
Try to cuff him or put him in any type of restraint. Did you see that? No
I don't think anybody's brought that up
But all they did is circled him and kept beating him and to me the attorney should have brought this up
That the man was never
Try to to subdue the man whatsoever with cuffs or tie wraps or anything
They just circled him and kept beating them. I mean after 40 is 50 times
I would think that the man would would be subdued. Don't you
20 minutes before the beating officer Lawrence Powell sent an allegedly racist computer message in response to another message that read
Sounds almost exciting as our last call. It was right out of gorillas in the mist
Powell denied that the message was a slur on blacks
Unbelievable. This makes you sick. Yeah
This is a sad day. See the cat first of all the kind of people that we put in police work
And we don't you know we don't pay him any money
We just figure you can take any a smoke off the street and make him in or her into an officer
And so we take a lot of people who um are sub
Substandard to begin with and we give them a badge and a gun and the boots and the uh power it long
We sent them out there and then they just act out there a hatred and whatever the hell they want to do
And then we say oh gee we didn't understand it. What's going on? We can't understand why
See the people in society who ought to be making money because they have very important jobs
And because it's crucial if we're gonna have a society that's sane and that works anymore
People like teachers and people like police and people i'm talking about good people and people like politicians
Everybody gets all upset while they voted themselves a pay raise
What kind of a person is gonna for 60 or 70 or 80 thousand dollars and all the graph they can get
Take a job like that
So it's okay if we play some moron you know six seven eight million dollars a year to play basketball or football
That's okay. That's great because that's where our priorities are
That's why one of our big illegal
Pundits in town this morning on his radio show was debating is through he really wished he could be talking a lot more about the great time
He had at the arena and then important heat game last night
That's what it were america's answer because our minds are turned to jello
Well, you said it before
Come November and that's the time to try to do something. Yeah, this is it man
It's either it's either we do it this November or just we bought the farm. I've traded that right now
All right, you won't have a good one and hold what you got Neil. Okay. All right. Thanks
We're holding we're squeezing it. I'll tell you that right now
We have an open line in dayed 7519 463. What is all that crap?
Oh crap. Okay, over used to that we had a lot of crap around here
Some of it's walking around in the hallway
Toyota hollywood extends sometimes at night
Toyota of hollywood extends an open invitation to intelligent car buyers
people who can see through over and flip
1115 at w.w.w.w.d and about 15 minutes. We're going to be carrying a press conference
with l presidente
dealing with the subject of the erotic king trial and verdict and aftermath etc.
There'll be about 1130 and we'll carry it
Delray Beach hello
Good morning, but it ain't it ain't much of one. No, it's depressing
You know, you know what I think of when this happens is all this stuff that public enemy and all these guys have been spewing out there ice cube
ice tea
And all those jokers. You know, I always kind of laughed at them and
Thought they were pretty ridiculous
Which they are in some ways, but some of the things that they were saying came to fruition. Yeah
and uh
I don't know if the cubs were as good with their baths as these guys on the police force are
I think you may have just gotten the solutions here believe me they swing a mean wand. They'll guarantee you that
We couldn't hit our way out of a paper sack if you could switch the two of them
Yeah, then that might solve the kill two birds with one stone
You know, they would say they'd miss the guy, you know, right?
Okay, I might have the answer a possible solution. Okay, not a bad one either quite frankly 1160
W.I.O.D.
We did Delray Wilton manners. Hello. Hi Neil. How you doing? Okay good
I agree with your comments obviously this morning and
About how most people's minds are
Not really geared to dealing with you know some of the more important issues, but some of the superficial stuff
crap
Full listeners
They've got a totally upside on in other words the stuff the fun in games the nonsense the goofy boy
That's like 95% of most people's lives in this country and the stuff that ought to be important is like maybe maybe two or three percent
Where it ought to be I'm not saying it's got to be totally the other way around, but it's it's upside down
Yeah upside down and the public somehow expects
Somebody some Messiah is gonna come along somebody's got the answers. They're gonna straighten everything out
We're just a helpless and hopeless and overpowered and of course a lot of it had to do
With the assassination the three assassinations in the 60s of the two Kennedys in Martin Luther King
And then I think you topped it off with Watergate in the 70s
And I think at that point the public just threw in the towel and you just can't do it
If you're gonna throw in the towel and hey just don't play anybody else just say hey we gave up we've abandoned this ship
Yeah
But sometimes the people's
perceptions are not really
really as accurate as they probably should be about some of these
so-called the demagogues that they're setting up
An example I can give you you know kind of refers to the local area here
And somebody who's been involved a little bit with your station and everything like that
And building up this whole mythology and image and everything like that
um
Image of one well last night at one of the larger casinos over in the Bahamas
Uh, there was a certain football coach
um
falling down drunk
Big gambling you know
Thousand dollar chips everything like this. What is that? What is that again? I have no way of knowing if that's true
Now, but what does that have to do with anything? I mean it's just you know the people the things that people are important like
You know in other words the people you're talking about the people we put up on pedestals and worship and all except
But there's no question about that
Public is different for idols man
We put all these people up on pedestals and we run out and we buy their underwear and their
Cologne and their armpit here and
The public has got to stop with this setting people up on pedestals and idolizing and worshiping and trying to live some kind of
Icarious thrilling existence through all of these phony synthetic
Non entities and start dealing and coping with the real world. They've just got to do it
Yeah, if some of the people on my my parents
I keep hearing people talk about the legacy that they want to leave their children
Well, what the hell are they gonna leave them right a bunch of crap is what they're gonna leave them?
Yeah
Yeah, some of the people on Miami it's seen this so so called the milk drinking family man last night
That they would have been very well, but but again see that I which I have no and I have no problem
But I'm just saying do you got to understand everything is image and like I said the other day
Everything is phony almost everybody is full of crap what you see is not what you get
Exactly
And that's the deal everything is marketing and merchandising and packaging and and pulling one over on the public
And that's what this country's all about. Yeah
Okay, okay. Thank you. What is it Henry Channel 4 is doing what?
Sure or sure of Nick is on Channel 4 that fascist pig
What what the hell is his story talking about well, isn't that the Kettle calling the Pottle Puse man the Pottle
I can't even speak when I see him is that sheriff Nick or is that sunny from the market?
Which one is that with Susan Lickman on Channel 4? I mean there they is this like slapping us in the face that they bring in this fascist pig sheriff Nick
To analyze the situation in Los Angeles this man who operates his own little fascist police state at the BSO down here
Another six months and everybody everybody he's ever known is gonna be under indictment the way things are going with him
But let's bring him in and share his expertise and of course all you more on Zalyew sheep up there come November again
I'm gonna put this jackass back in there again so we can have our own little fascist police state without maybe with or without the barbed wire here in Broward County
hallelujah
Unbelievable just incredible. Oh, yeah, we want strict enforcement laws. Yeah, it's like you know that guy the other day who called I made a big
Thing about him the one who said that obey the law but really what it's all about is just don't get caught do whatever you want just don't get caught some pretend you're obeying the law
I think basically that's where it's at just put on a good act
Because basically our society everybody's full of crap anyway and they all say one thing don't do as I do do as I say
Don't be holier than now just say that you are
1121 at WIO D you're holier than thou station. There's wonderful
Freedom
Is
And
About
Oh
okay i just make one of the announcement here
and i know she'll be offended by the way we call share a lot of the thing
until the all the food is here
because he's acting real surely this morning because i'm
c once in a while in my life there are things that affect me in such a way
that they become
overwhelming not too often but once in a while like this thing that's been
going on since about eight o'clock last night
and so there things more important than who's bringing in the food and all
of the other cockarri that's going on but we started out this morning i came
in and it was insisted that the bruce from his daily was bringing in food
and when i said bill of deli thursday and they're bringing in food which they
have tons of it
um... people got upset about that and now sunny has decided maybe inspired by
the fact that she or nick was on any saw the white here on channel four
also sent in food
even i as much of a slab and as big of an appetite as i've got even i and my
cohorts here can only devour so much food in one day
so again as usual things have gotten out of control in the food in the food
chain
twenty five after eleven there by the way is a lot of food here
some beautiful sandwiches definitely no seriously spread the word because i
know that's a shameful for this stuff to go to waste is a nice kishki over
there in lots of soups
and salads and beautiful sandwiches a whole bunch of mandil pickles and
sodas etc
so i wanted to go to waste them sure sunny sense of good stuff too but i mean
let's get serious can you believe that
it's not even eleven thirty yet and we've already had three food deliveries
so
so i'm suggesting that maybe things are just a little bit out of control
guess i'm being a bad guy
my any
yeah
uh...
the guy just under the one i was going to talk about our groups like and w a
and he's rep who for years now
have been talking about this and they were labeled extremist
you know i think they would happen on a very small scale and that they're
exaggerating about that but some of the things that they've been advocating
in the kind of violence in the kind of response to it that they've been
advocating is unacceptable unless we're going to be a bunch of barbarians
and just have total energy that's the difference
no no i'm not not know that they've had a point but their idea of how to
respond to it is unacceptable that's the problem
with a responding to a
you know this has been trust upon them in the response nothing at its right
it's absolutely wrong
but you know i mostly with an hour but i was reading before
in the five weeks after rhodi king there were three different people that
were killed by the police
uh... that just
beat up right actually killed in right
you know the public comes on on this and it's the scissors thing but
it seems to be a little stuff to keep going on and on and on and you know
inundated with the people in the public continues to be brainwashed there
actually are a lot of people out there who believe that because somebody is a
police officer and therefore they must always be right
therefore whenever you're accused of something no matter what the situation
might be uh... your your automatically judge guilty by the public more often
than not
well they're backed up by the people in the top and we all know that you know
our political leaders
you know they walk on the shoes with these police chiefs and
we know when they're you're a president bush you know he's on the
sanction by this police or what's going to be real interesting to see what his
comments are he's coming on about three or four minutes with a press conference
and we're going to carry it and if he if he continues this line that he started
peddling last night about justice has been served
and uh... we've got a respect to law in order et cetera and so on
uh... he's going to talk his way right out of office i mean in about fifteen
minutes i guarantee that because uh... if they were able to take immediate
polls across the country i would almost guarantee you
that seventy eighty ninety percent of the public are nauseated and revolted
not only by the rodney king verdict but by the succession of one after another
of this kind of so called the justice in this country
well he's with his boys in the war room and they're trying to figure out the best
i'm not sure they don't give a proper right now they just want to know the
political consequences exactly the free of the best political strategy and i
heard he was
the goal she didn't with the chief of some something or other and then i
went out there and then they're trying to find a way to the public and this
did he was talking about it is outraged and this and that and the other thing
when he's probably jumping up and down punch in his fist in the background
yeah he's gonna go out there and he's gonna try and pander and
kind of the politically correct answer for the moment exactly people are
for four for the november
oh bush you care that it's going to help us i'll tell you he puts one or two
more after some of the dottering men on the court uh... finally either die or
have to retire he puts one or two more on there
and we might as well all just the line up at the passport office and uh... get
on the first the will get union tours to make a special uh... tour for us
exactly i got a lot of the point in the juxtapher warm you got it and in over
how many to go well anyway we can do it just do our best and
both this crap out of office and like you said before people think that just
throwing somebody up there and saying okay now it's all done thank you very much
and then going back to all gonna happen again
we got to keep on appeasing cues and get these back to their office amen good
thanks good night
twenty nine after eleven might as well be night to me because i was up to a two two
fifteen this morning watching the satellite and all the stuff going on so i have
no idea what time of day it is my amy hello
ill yes yeah i i just have to apologize for the people of florida
you know i i'm here from california about uh... year and a half ago
and i used to you know i have a pretty superior
attitude that that you know california
respected people's rights more and that was a bad way way way
that's really what was my eyes not not not people in positions of authority it's
never been that way when ed davis
was the chief of police of los angeles
yet crazy it the stuff that's going on now is like child's play compared to
the kind of fascist tactics that they used to entrap and harass and beat and
i mean it was just unbelievable if you are member of any minority group when
ed davis was police chief in Los Angeles you might as well be uh... waiting
to get nailed yeah he's in the state senate now and and he's but isn't interesting
though how his views have changed a lot
yeah i mean i mean i mean to please the electorate the
yeah the most of the electorate
uh... i i don't know i don't know what has to happen here um...
uh...
just seems that people are so single issue
minded i mean i mean uh... for example in this area
it seems that uh... uh... because of
certain you know certain politics or ethnic politics
though they'll vote a certain line not really thinking of what the other
consequences are right i mean i mean they'll kind of blind themselves to
to the just the
crushing of our because any moron can function on an emotional gut level
basis it doesn't take any kind of intelligence it doesn't take any kind of uh...
gray matter between the years anybody can be an emotional basketball case
well uh... you know it just it's insanity it's insanity people just are
willing to take the time to sit down or read a newspaper or magazine or find
out what the issues are who these people are and along comes the ross parole and
all these people millions of all yeah where do i sign up but we don't know
who that he is but i i don't like these other guys
this is the uh... syndrome that we've got an american today i just throw everybody
out we don't care who we put in let's just throw everybody out because we're
angry and we're pissed off we don't know any other way how to deal with the
problem you'll want more things and the people who should be the most pissed
off right now are there are the good cops i mean but they're not they're not
and that's the problem you know
air be major profession whether it dot does or lawyers or police officers this is
one of the biggest problems is that for the most part
they've been together to cover each others as
and then all of a sudden when the public becomes disenchanted with their
profession in general is it all while you're saying all police officers why
if you got a hostile attitude toward me i'm a good cop well because of the
fact that they're willing to look the other way in all these organizations
like the uh... pete police benevolent association and the other for turn order
police all these other uh... rubber stamp whitewash organizations always defend
no matter what the hell they do and right as i'm speaking they're showing the
damn of videotape again on here and it's enough to make me pick up my sandwich
that i'm in here i just it's just incredible how anybody can possibly watch
that and say well uh... there was no excessive force there the guy had a
come into him is a bad guy had a record he was black he was big he was dangerous
and uh... you know and here we got two four six eight cops and he's down he's
still kicking a couple of more extra times now
yeah i'm surrounded at a cup and he's still kicking a couple extra times
here let me have another one of the
yeah yeah i it's a little you know
last thing you know that there are a lot of people have given up there are
there are a lot of people who just don't know how like you said well if you
throw in the town and you're going to have to accept the consequences that
the of don't come whining and complaining that you don't like the way things
are going when you're not willing to be a part of it anymore well it really
really maybe good thing that can come out of all this is that people
baby have had their uh... the world is back up over their eyes let's let's hope
so anyway okay all right thanks no thanks
eleven thirty two
we'll see how our political mastermind president deals with us are we
gonna have any idea chuck said it was at about eleven thirty
and it is now eleven thirty three
what George
we're just waiting for it to happen or just a ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
we're just waiting for it to happen
very well put well let me do my snapple spot okay because i'm sure that
during the course of up
president days brilliant comments
i'm gonna want to sit back here and switch down a little bit of it's eleven
thirty seven at wio d let's do uh... north waterdale hello
hello
north waterdale's gone okay here's a lady in for waterdale on the starline
hello
yes
yes it is what's going on George
yes ma'am
how are you okay
i out called because i am a thirty-year-old registered voter and i wanted to
say that i do intend to make a difference
i heard you the other day uh... speaking about parole and i was like you i
thought well who is this guy
coming out of the woodwork here who i heard nothing about no nothing about
him
and uh... i did that find a good book at bookstop
the other day that just uh... unauthorized
uh... biography of him
uh... does give a bit of information about him and he
seems to be he might be a possible alternative
uh... i'm concerned i'm a concern of the alternative based on what
well based on the fact of what the information i read and it briefly in the
in the book which i did not buy but i did read
talks nonsense he talks in simplistic baby talk
he talks about government by plebiscite about how we're going to send
the electorate will send laser beam messages to watch you to help
the uh... president and the leadership decide on what we do on controversial
issues and we're going to get a consensus he talks foolishness and nonsense
well i've heard you hear the site i heard that directly from him on one of the
talks shows on my vacation i heard that directly out of from his lips i heard it
again on the face the nation with bob sheepers on the morning as sheeper was
sitting there with his mouth down it was knees just google you know man this guy's
really exciting and isn't the great that we have somebody interesting now
not that he makes any sense or has any answers to any of the problems
well i did get when i did read about the
man in the book that i did read he it did seem like he did tend to do a little bit
of a knee jerk reaction to some of the things he's done in business and past and i
talked about cutting a hundred and eighty billion dollars in waste from the federal
budget but when he's asked for some specifics about where it's going to come from
he can't give you one example he can't tell you anything specifically
because all he does is give double talk but i don't but i don't really know that the
the other candidates are really being in specific either it seems to be
but that's not the point the point is he's got as much chance to get elected as
you or i have you know i went down the road with the independent candidates
with john anderson and i'm going to tell you something it was a bad mistake
because he had no chance to get elected it was like throwing away my vote and i
can assure you i am never going to do that again right
well i just i think it's important that people investigate i guess what i
wanted you to i wanted to make the point that there are a lot of people in my
age group that are not registered to vote and it's very simple to register to
vote it takes about two seconds to get evolving
and registered and getting prepared to do here to do a service to make a
decision for yourself yeah and if people don't do that
say my name uh...
okay we just lost it okay your phone just cut out but i think you said what
you had to say we have an open line in the sterline sterio d here's a
hallowed
hallowed
hello yes
hi this is tamarick
okay that's close enough
this is camera yes man yes i just wanted to say i am very very appalled
of what happened
yes
on this trial yesterday okay and i want to know
if anybody knows why they were all white jurors and not one black juror
because the prosecution bungled the case okay this should never been allowed to
happen
they should never under any of the if they if they had to go on for fifteen
months before they have handled a jury they should never ever have permitted
this to take place
well i think it this they should have a new trial
and that i i can almost guarantee that there will be another trial on uh...
they can't have another criminal trial because they there's no such thing as
double jeopardy they can't try them again
but as far as civil rights charges being brought against them i can almost
guarantee that they will be in that these officers are going to have to stand
trial again
well i hope they do and i hope that something really bad comes to them
because they make me think my stomach okay thanks for your call of forty one
and w i would do we have an open line and brow it
there's another great intellect that's part of america there it's all out
there for you five two four w i would be
now the word is that the the president's delayed the press conference
uh... till god only knows when and even he has his doubts is what the message says
okay well i would have it they haven't got all their fingers stuck out the
windows at the white house yet to see which way the wind is blowing
to see if maybe any of the smoke from a label drift cross country and they can
stick their finger out and kind of measure the uh... political barometer to see
what the president ought to say
bokeh
okay
unbelievable she
she's just a pic on the uh... tv
all i saw space i didn't turn the sound up because i just been eating and i don't
want to
upchuck on the air you didn't miss much he contacted himself about six of the
what was what was he talking about you saying how far so they're saying do you
think that you know they should have been guilty and he said yes
then he said well he doesn't know because he didn't see the videotape
he didn't see the videotape sure i think is the only person in america who did
not see the videotape i thought about the idea i said that i think that's the
only thing that he saw was a videotape that he didn't go into great details
about it
um... issues absolutely amazing you know share of dick is in the next
guy that's you know it's gonna come down here and uh... you know it's just
gonna happen down here
uh... what do you mean it's gonna happen down here already has happened that
you remember our thermic duffy didn't just even happen to mercato
yeah haven't you seen the kind of uh... stuff that's been going on the last three
or four years is barely a five or six month period that goes by that we don't
have another story about a police officer shooting and killing somebody
it's absolutely there's always some uh... legitimate excuse for it of course
you know and sometimes there is of course but you know the sooner or later
there has to be found sometime that there wasn't there what is that gonna happen
that it should happen and channel four shown over and over the beating and it's
just amazing yeah they put in slow motion and i mean if that's
if that didn't prove them guilty right there i mean kick them in the back of the
head just at one point he tried to put his uh... hand back so they can arrest
them but now they have to beat them and kick them in
it's just no justice in the world i mean it's just you know that that's
the size right there and that will president so i don't know what he's
gonna say but uh... he's out left field on this issue and uh... he's always been
that way well he says justice has been served and i have one one response to
that so has lunch already okay
justice that in forty cents will get you water recovery copy he would know
justice is better than the end okay okay have a good day now
i'd like to look to you eleven forty four at w i would be good luck to us all
as tiny timm said in a christmas carol and i think he had
think he had a pretty good notion of what was to come
corral springs
high new yes sir i've been listening to you since the ref m day
yeah never had a reason to call and well here i am
i was up with you last night at two o'clock in the morning watching that
garbage on tv yeah and uh... first of all i learned the true meaning of
stunts it was i was stunned with i couldn't believe it
one question
you and your listeners didn't answer uh... so far as far as i'm listening to
only one well one that's all so long spina
well there are many questions in this world here
i mean the jury said this beating was justified so it's fun and then you
the cops to do that to you
well how much beating is enough beating no that if they they caught them another
five or ten times without a big no we already came to that let me read that
quote again from uh...
from the deputy district attorney terry white he said he had appealed to each
juror to find a moment in the eighty one second beating
at which time they said he enough is enough and anything beyond this now is
excessive
force
role they need to be in the six men and six women never found such a point is
what it says
so how much more of a beating
would have taken
but then to a found that excessive point
another twenty seconds another two minutes
not a six hours
i don't understand that i mean if i do something wrong maybe i'm old drunk and i'm
all a little bit nasty to a cop
i mean how much it ain't the beat me i know they can beat me for eighty one
seconds
but i mean could they be i think the video tape that's much much more revealing
than even the rodney king video tape is the one of the guy in Santa Cruz which
also happens to be in repressive uh...
california
and you know the one i'm talking about
uh... the guy who's outside washing his car and it came along in the guy
mistook him for a child must have that they're looking for
right in front of his home doesn't ask for any id
doesn't fight out for sure if this is the guy that he's looking for
and proceeds to knock him to the ground and beat him and club him and kick him and
terrorize him and the wife comes running out of the house and is looking
and
this stuff goes on routinely all the time
only ninety nine and nine tenths percent of the time nobody ever has a tape of
it
and a big percentage of the time nobody ever even hears about it because they've
got the public
sufficiently intimidated
i don't know just like with me you know i sit here on the air every day and speak
out against the pigs and about the abuses and about what they do to the public
including this thing with ronnie king and look what happens to me okay
they're out there just waiting for an opportunity to look over my shoulder
find me here in the wrong place or in the wrong spot and let's discredit him too
let's smear his ass all over the place it doesn't make any difference who you are
in this country sooner or later if you don't say the right thing they're going to nail
your ass or trust me well if you're not physically beating up on little old
ladies none of that business what you do with your wife yeah that's obvious and in this
town if you are maybe you deserve a medal and said yeah i spent some time in hell
there i know to talk uh... meanwhile i'm real jealous you get your lunch served
here i'm cutting and chopping because i have three hundred pounds to lose and i'm
eating my tuna fish all by myself you hang in there sir believe me i've been doing
very well and i come back from vacation feeling great and now three times in one
morning already they're starting with a force feeding craft because uh... it's
not important in life that you've seen but that your talk host the drops that of a
coronary on the air well that's one will know how much exactly exactly at least
this one will not have any great lines in a manual or exactly which deal pickle
which pastrami sandwich was the one that was a little bit too much
well i want to know also uh... maybe you'll figure out by two o'clock how much
beating is too much how much more than eighty one second we could have uh... i can't
watch that that tape anymore turn away from it it's nausea i guess it's the
little my wife is a nurse she can take that blood and car garbage i can't
okay hang in there thank you sir stay on the way have a wonderful day you too
eleven forty eight
wio d we have an open line and broard five two four nine four six three
consumer credit law center has been doing so well because
the
the
i don't think
eleven fifty two at wio d let me ask you question at him can that be felt
all i'm sorry let's go to uh...
candle hello
nail how you doing okay
hey uh...
let's see i was up all night i work uh... the midship
yet a business down at home stat
uh... paid tackle business uh... i'm not going to say which one because the
owner is pretty good friend
but uh... i just kind of like to share with you some of the ignorance that uh...
i witnessed
you know
earlier in the morning his way of a tv down there and
i had an on all night
uh...
well the guy that they were beaten
uh... had a rap sheet as long as your arm yeah
and uh...
what else was at all
let's see one one customer said uh...
i was i was hoping that they would know this is in homestead right now i'm
calling from candle
i live in candle but but where was the the uh... place where this took place
where these conversations were held candle i'm sorry homestead in homestead okay
that's what i thought so uh... so keep that in its proper perspective i'm not
suggesting that homestead has any corner on bigotry
or racism or prejudice but it certainly has an inordinate amount i think
what i have in saying i'm i'm the guy called you uh... let's hear it with the day
after new years
i'm from battle creek
michigan right
but anyway you went to michigan state and uh...
that has nothing to do with one of the dozen that's right but uh...
anyway uh...
another uh... customer said uh...
uh... i was just hoping for uh... the acquittal of the forecast just
just to watch these people burn down their neighborhoods
that's beautiful yeah and uh... you know i said well i said uh... you know
they had the guy said dude
uh... all i had to do was put the car found him
and taking them
oh well his rap sheet was as long as uh... what the hell does that have anything
what does that mean exactly what does that prove
uh... you know uh...
i mean our thermic doffy who was a beaten to that here ten or eleven years ago
all he had was a suspended license he was driving with which is why he panicked
and fled
and uh... so whether he had a long rap sheet or no rap sheet or whatever the hell i
was that it's got nothing to do with it exactly because once again that
creates vigilante justice that anybody who supports that means that police can
be not only the the ones who make the arrests
but also the ones who uh... do an immediate to trial in their mind in a period of
a few seconds and then carry out the punishment and uh... you know you know i
tell these i said look uh... you have one i said right out here you have one
what happens if metaday pulls you over
uh... on a speeding you know you get out of your car you figure you have a right
to say something if he doesn't like what you're saying
you know he put you face down the pavement calls for backups right i said the
same thing that happened here
you know i said it's not a black and white thing it happens everywhere i can
think back to the days and it takes a good memory to remember when spring break
was still alive in for a lot of the i'll but i can remember driving the
strip in for a lot of the ill and sing the uh... brown shirt for a lot of
the police taken kids uh... putting them up like you're describing against the
back of the police car and just beating them senseless with their
nightsticks i mean just beating and beating the crap out of
and again even though you might not have seen or anybody may have snought of
seeing what preceded that
there still is no justification for that you just can't lose your cool you can't
be out of control and say well i did it because they be seen you can't do it you
cannot be in other words once you have somebody in a submissive position and you
got them under control and you can come from and you can put them in the uh...
patty wagon or the police car take them away whatever it's going to be that's it
that's it that's where the line should be drawn exactly not just i'm going to
keep kicking and beating and stopping and going crazy until i feel uh... good about
what i've done that's why i guess that's the answer enough is enough when they
feel satisfied when they're when they're lost for uh... violence and for
aggression is satiated then that's enough that's the answer to that question
oh yeah and that's unacceptable in any kind of an even semi-civilized society
no no it's not and uh...
i mean i dealt with a lot of it i found out
a lot of ignorance today
well believe me it's not it's not difficult sir it's out there it's all over
the place just look out your window and it'll uh... just dump all over your head
that's right good luck to you all right thank you need to be careful
eleven fifty six and w i o d an open line and day seven five one nine four six
three and one and proud five to other they both go
kennel
hey good morning there yes sir let i got to get into talk to you okay uh... i'm
going to make one statement that uh... i haven't heard anybody say
and my statement is i have in fifty years
i have never met a cop that should be a lot to carry a gun
at the way it's going uh... it's just uh... what does what does that mean i don't
in other words you're saying they're all incompetent
all the ones i met
socially and uh...
on the road
uh... years ago i drove a fan
and i got hassled in my own driveway
with all the neighborhood women out
they were having coffee everybody was standing around having coffee
well i'm surrounded
in my own driveway by
six police cars in broad daylight
and on the radio i hear
that the criminals are getting away
yet they have sold me
for an hour and a half
and finally wrote a ticket for defective equipment
while two blocks away
the criminals were being in another place
yeah but those guys are probably a lot more dangerous than you were so it was
a
uh... yeah well that's what it is they also uh...
hassle might
sitting under the bushes with the radar and the vast car and all that stuff
it's uh... it's not really very threatening work especially broad daylight
maybe at night time
in some cases it's not the most savory kind of endeavor but uh... broad daylight
most cases sitting behind the bush and
pointing the gun on the street that's not all that threatening
yeah it was it was on it was on real like you say unbelievable
here i was driving down my street
well if we if we had a seventy five hour marathon we wouldn't have time for all
the horror stories that is seriously
from a people who have been abused and hassled and harassed over a
pitley crap
and in the meantime in broad daylight right here in the city as i speak right now
there are people standing in the middle on street corners uh... within yards of
schools and the neighborhoods in the parks and whatever
peddling every kind of drug and hallucinogenic substance that's ever been
and for some reason that continues to go on
and as soon as the sun goes down tonight will have the little games out here on
the boulevard and up on federal highway and they'll be in trapping the johns and
doing the thing with the decoy prostitutes and again wasting the police manpower
that we can't afford to waste how about taking whatever manpower we can afford
whatever we've got and putting them to work doing real things dealing with real
crime and stop hassling and harassing the public who are paying the salaries
of the same people who are turning around and making their lives not worth a
crap
i guess that makes a little bit too much sense sounds a little bit
too logical
we have any idea where uh... the president is is he in hiding right now
maybe noon but he didn't say which day or which week or whether he's on
grinets mean time or what it might be
well whenever he makes up his mind and his finger comes back inside the door
we'll have it for you here
this is out florida's news drapegoon weather station news talk radio
ten w i o d my i borde water mail in the palm
beaches
t-in-ale
incantilla
twelve o' eight at w i o d well i'll tell you we got to see an end on the uh...
tube here and of course uh... immediately as soon as he finished with his last
wimp the uh... word about the justice must be served in obey the law
and etc and so on but of course uh... to try to pacify everybody the federal
government is looking into which responsibility is yadi audio
and flew out of there like uh... he had answered his pants
and now who do they bring on on cnn that uh... i'm always there to uh... stir
the pot ozha provocateur
uh... jesse jackson who we need like bad hemorrhoids at this time
twelve o' nine at w i o d here's a lady in kendal hello
yes you
hello
speaking
can't hear you
you know
uh... a little better you got a bad phone
uh... i don't think so
sounds bad about you're best shot
okay i'm a visitor from canada to on to
a
you know yeah
uh... i'm sorry i have to call it this time in the situation
uh...
i really agree with everything you said
and i really want to thank you so very much for your program
listening to you and i first went in
i couldn't believe that you made me laugh so hard
well that's great
first thing i'm Monday
that i'm not really too good
this is it isn't working out
and uh... when i heard your program that really made my day
well that's great
i really need to answer here about it really really enjoy you
and uh... few weeks ago
somebody uh...
born in the station up there i listen to all the talks
and they said they were in florida
how dull they were
and i'm listening to you and saying
that is a star how that can be right most investor
but thank you so much for
uh...
for your program
okay i'm sorry i had to call today no problem take care
ten past noon at wio d we have an open line in day seven five one nine four six
three
point in beach on the starline hello
yeah niel good morning
or afternoon good evening to you
yeah that uh...
no one has mentioned the
jewet case which
happened about uh... year and a half ago up in with palm beach
just on us one outside the palm beach post
now is where two cops undercover cops
stopped
this jewet fellow
for hitchhiking
and ended up
murdering
they uh... he in the in the autopsy they discovered that uh... his neck was broken
by these two guys who was an excellent backer
who both way about two hundred fifty pounds or more
his neck was broken his adam's apple
was crushed his testicles were crushed
and they said he struggled
and had a knife
which everybody else claim that uh...
the knife was
plan it there
a pocket knife it was an open pocket knife that he walked around in his pop
with his
an open pocket knife in his pocket
i don't know what you've heard about that
two days ago they
announced
uh... or the mayor of west palm beach
gave the first payment of four hundred and so my thousand dollars in an
apology
to
jewets mother
and the total payment is going to come out to one point two five
right
uh...
and these guys are off
you know there's another fine example of uh... what we've been talking about this
morning
well in the editor and u.s.a. today the lead editorial today it says a
and that new service study of one hundred police brutality lawsuits
found only five of one hundred eighty five officers involved were fired
nineteen were promoted
despite their communities being stuck with ninety two million dollars in
payments to brutality victims
uh... you know these guys are going to go some
to some other count and end up being on the
but another police force and do the same thing
it's it's unbelievable
it's really isn't thank you very much for the small i thought i bring that
to the surface thanks for calling you've got my pleasure
twelve minutes after noon at wio d there's an opening on a starline star i
o d
and uh... did we have the press conference or what it actually was almost
entertaining that we had all that other uh... mumbo jumbo on there
during that uh... pause because basically it was like so fast it was like a
lightning bolt
because it's obviously a politically volatile issue
and rather than face what might be some very tough questions from the media
like how are you feeling today or something of that nature
uh... i'll president they just do the uh... complete hundred eighty degree
turn and flew out of there
like somebody was chasing him with a broomstick i mean it was just absolutely
incredible
and of course there was some very weak needed attempts to pass the fight those
people who were bitterly offended by this trans
aggression of justice
and uh... on the other hand a very stern admonition that the uh...
looting and burning and killing and uh... crap that's going out on the street
is unacceptable human behavior and must be stopped which i agree with but it
but it's interesting there was a tremendous emphasis on lecturing on that and
we must have respect for law and order and justice has been served and so on
and uh... we'll look into it okay
that'll pass if i will look into it
twelve thirteen and wio d pop it up our last night again congratulations kelly
shepard just knocked him dead he won the drivers championship i mean hands
down there were six uh... race wild he let's do my mishores hello
how you doing you okay i think this is sad day in this country history
and i look back at the last
twelve years of this republican administration and i read the blame
directly at their feet
their complete ignorance
civil rights
ignoring those types of things have allowed
rise of eighty seven
arise of discrimination
yeah all it's all there it's documented i mean any ball anybody has to do is
read a news magazine or a newspaper every now and then
and it's conclusive that there's been a dramatic a frightening rise in the
increases of uh...
uh... crimes of hate and all these other bigoted episodes that are going on
we keep pointing the finger with the germans and the skinheads over there
uh... we ought to take a much better look at what's going on right here
i think you remember those days of the civil rights movement early in the
sixties in the feeling
how it was unpopular
to use her words describing ethnic groups
or became a month socially unpopular
it's no longer that way
you can stand anywhere in the use of those words is
come quite
quite prevalent
and uh...
it's really scary and when i was watching
here if not on the uh...
on the key v
earlier that is scary
i was thinking about the uh...
roadblocks that they set up uh...
crossing alligator alley at the top
and i was thinking of the
the people that they and they they go through the cars they search cars and
right and and you really are power but you can you can fight it i mean you can
stay in there and say
uh... you're violating my civil rights
but they're going to find some other excuse to
to give you a hard time
and how many times we've seen and heard stories last couple years where they
have gone in and rated houses and they've uh... busted on a doors and not
poked holes in the walls and beaten the crap out of people
only to discover that it was the wrong address
but what
what disturbs me
uh...
a lot is that if you see the people that they stop out on the alley
if they they it's
uh... how many times that by seeing the group of black guys
in a car where they've stopped
that particular car and i suppose they
that that
that stereotype or young or young white guys would long here
and uh... it's it's it's sad it really is and i
that i don't care for the democratic nominee is
almost i i i've i've gotten to that point where i'm just
hoping that
that we have a democratic president hope that he addresses this
kind of socially well i agree with you but i think it's a real uh... tremendous
indictment of the democratic party that they've let us down over and over
again
by putting forward the weakest possible candidates and by uh... just totally
uh... drop into ball and i'm afraid that they may do it again here
but i'll vote for clinton come hell or high water any day of the week
if only for the purpose of just curbing this incredible uh... wild
a headlong dash to the right and all of these efforts to try to pacify this
right week
lunatic fringe wasn't too many years ago
when they were the lunatic fringe when people used to laugh at them with these
right wing fundamentalist extremists
holier than now hypocrites and now they have control of the of strings of
government
and uh... if they get in again is no telling what what's gonna happen
yeah one of the thing if i might mention also
uh... allowing violence
uh... encouraging violence teaching people violence starts to very early age
and if i keep my kids nothing else
i hope
teach them to
currently
we have a cheek in the sense of walking away from it never
trying to never encourage them to
i don't send them to karate school and i don't teach how to use a gun
uh... i i teach them to avoid it
you know i'll cross them yeah
certainly there are times where you have to protect yourself but not
i mean it
i've learned over these are things the american public collectively doesn't want
to deal with any of these issues we live in a frighteningly violent society
still with the wild west mentality from the cowboy in indian days
with this glorification of guns of every type every every every size every
shape every kind invented
and so long as the public continues to defend this and promoted and accepted
as though
this is the way things are supposed to be
it's never gonna change
never gonna change this whole society is nothing but a monument to violence
and we became and we've been so bombarded by it
that we're just desensitized most people are immune
i mean even after they show you the Rodney King videotape the first three hundred
times
it's almost like it doesn't mean anything anymore
well i
if i call anybody it would have been you because i think you understand
or beyond anybody else in the community exactly what
what the person
this country is
and where it headed yeah well the president's on his way out now to see if he
can find the pulse somewhere
have a good day you too
bye-bye
twenty two past noon at wio d an open line and they'd seven five one nine four six
three
pizza trough man jeff at the pizza loft says we're not the fastest
we're not the cheapest all
figure there'll be a ripple effect on the audience with that i'm sorry there was
a little inside the joke there twenty six past noon
at wio d that did not have to do with ripple out of a bottle by the way so i don't
want Henry D. and all excited did we do the press conference
haha
have you ever had an experience like that where you like anticipated something
for of fairly good amount of time
and then it happened and it was over so fast
yeah i guess we've all had experiences like that
and then you think back yet did happen only those kind of experiences
usually are good ones that you want to save her
as opposed to the one that we just had before that was incredible just like
turns around and storms out as in stormtrooper
del ray beach
yeah yes
and he'll yes sir
hey how you doing man first time call it okay man
listen i want to say this first off you were the first
man in history that i know it felt the same way that i did about the dictatorship
in this country police state okay i thought i was the only one in the world
it thought that way no way you know at least there are two of us paying
attention anyway i'm telling you i can't only hear you because it's got a bad
connection that's why i'm talking about it okay i'll talk loud
too okay okay how's that i have to live better okay how's this i can't
he okay i won't waste my time anyway all right look nil hello
yeah i'm here okay listen i was you know i could
i could be wrong but maybe you're the you're the man that can tell me whether i'm
right or not now these jurors knew or should have figured what kind of
implications would come in with the decision that they made
yes and let me mention again i don't want to i don't want to get anybody hysterical
but i will say it again in case people aren't aware of it
that they decided on a quiddle in the first day one day
right and the only reason that took all the other time was because they got hung up
and it wound up as a mistrial in one charge of one of the four officers for
excessive force but other than that in less than a day they decided
that all of these guys were not guilty right
well what i'm saying is shocking i mean that they knew the implications right
of their decision
while you would hope so and these officers that were on tv right after they were coming out of court
they knew the implications or possibility of an implication with their faces
on the tv right after they come out of the courtroom so you're saying that there might have
been there might just have been a wee bit of an intimidation factor is what you're saying
well what i'm trying to say is this in your opinion is there any way possible
that the jurors and the two officers that were on tv could they possibly be um
charged with incitement to riot no they can't be no
okay i've been wrong before i know how can they be charged with incitement to riot all they did
was uh... even though they did it pathetically and erroneously they uh... did their job they
went out they deliberated they came back they brought back a horrendous verdict and whether
you like it or not you can't use that to justify the kind of aberrant behavior that's going on in
the streets again for the umpteenth time i mean this kind of thing has been repeated over and over
again here and in wats and in new work and in detroit and in chicago and just about every major
a city in this country and it not only doesn't accomplish anything it is just absolutely totally
unacceptable behavior
well it is unacceptable
in not not not not to mention how destructive it is within people's own community
it accomplishes nothing well that's true too because they should have went downtown
and you know to up something where it would really should have gone and torn something up okay
have a wonderful day and by the way they did uh... said fires in downtown law sanderless uh
if you were up watching last night they are they spread it around totally unacceptable eleven
people already are dead hundreds injured uh... who knows how many millions and as i was sitting
watching that stuff last night having spent a considerable amount of time on and off in law sanderless
in fact the last time i was there i remembered very vividly driving on the uh...
Santa Monica freeway and looking around and in the middle of the day a noon on a sunday and you
couldn't see the buildings i mean until you were just like right up on top of them they were
right next to where you were on the freeway you couldn't see them
and that is you came toward the big hollywood hills you couldn't see the hollywood hillside
i remember trying to show somebody the sign and the only problem was you couldn't read it because you
couldn't see it and i'm sitting there watching all of these flames in the smoke and this crab
billowing up into the air and i'm thinking of myself or if there's any any city in america
that can ill afford to have any more pollution spewed into the air
this is the one
and look at that isn't that something there's derrick gates
they're taking the feed from on cnn from ktla channel five of us angeles
and now my uh... lunch is starting to back up a little bit
for a lot of the hello
you know yes sir or you okay i'd say what really uh... gets me is when you get
guys like mister ego
you get roi black and all the other people are saying well you people have only seen
ninety second to the video did these jurors have seen three months of
of uh... of all this and they made the right decision let justice sir can i say
something to you i can't believe this i say something to you
i have in front of me and i have no idea where we got this from i have in front of
me a copy of a memo i don't ordinarily publicize the light bulb because if you
could see the book uh... most of the day they have like point three's and point six
and when mr. ego is not like point nine's and point eight's so they're not even
affected the listing audiences so ministerial it doesn't bear responding to however
i have in my hand here a copy of a memo from nick lorence
assignment editor ray rodney king verdict it says
all talk host steve can and rick cederman in a way my way my says all today
talk host steve can and rick cederman will defend the police is a quiddle
steve and rick will show support for the police they will take calls and interview
guest throughout the day all media welcome
oh i see this was sent to somebody at the i don't want to say next door channel seven
all media are welcome okay so in other words talk about
contrived and preordained and uh... and they see that's the thing that disturbs me
about some of these people no matter what the issues are there's a time for show
business and there's a time to be serious right and uh... you know at times like
this when there's something that is so gut wrenching and so strongly touches
any of us who have seen the tape and followed this trial and you know and gone
time after time after time with the acquittals and the riots in the burning in
all the other social crap that comes along with it
sooner or later you've got to find some little bit of yourself that takes
something seriously and you turn off that stage pre conceived uh... contrived
crap and you just be a regular human being but there are some people are just
not capable of that and then you got roi black and channel four
we say well i've been in the criminal justice system for twenty two years and
and i've seen it and you got to let everything work and
yeah all the people of all the black is all right black is also the same guy who said
that william kennedy smith's getting a lot of hot dates now too so just keep that in
mind but i i just find that uh... i mean i can't believe it i think we've all seen
the same video and uh... i don't know what video tape the the jurors watching but
i don't think it was the same one everybody else watched well maybe then ventura
county there's something in the air they're they're inhaling there that uh...
doesn't meet the i you know what i'm saying okay right now see you
twelve thirty three in other words maybe there's uh... something in the air is
underclap newman would say wouldn't be something if i had that
funny that says did me a pretty big favor when he actually escut up all my
cars because i found things i didn't even know where they're
boy
ron zeta i guess we could put this on an endless loop and play a twenty four
hours of day now
now it's the game so
because that's something in the air
i'm as mad as hell
i don't think there's any more
we can't forget the girls that don't know all they know
anyway twelve thirty four at w i would be pember pine sell out
hello nil yes i would say bonus parties but it's not a good day it's a very
depressing uh... the guy event for me
got twisting crappy day yes it is and uh...
the only thing you know you know i'd like to keep a good attitude and try to
think of you know
possible you know
good thing coming out of this and hopefully maybe uh... people wake up
why i was just thinking that before you said that
maybe this is what it's going to take and maybe this won't even get the job
it's right for me but maybe this will be the straw that broke the camel's back
because the public is angry they don't know exactly what they're angry at but
they know they're being screwed they know they haven't got any money they can't
get a job they just uh... getting it on all fronts
and now they see this and they see they've seen the tape over and over you see
with mcduffey and with all these other cases we never had a tape before we never
had the smoking gun like we had the last watergate tape with the smoking gun
with nixon now we have the videotapes
yeah and now everybody all over the world can you imagine what they're
thinking in other parts of the world they already looked down on us like we're
a bunch of barbarians but can you imagine what they're saying now about american
criminal justice in the rest of the so supposedly civilized world they must
think we're just totally mad now
we're nuts
we are and it's a lot of the blue bull that could happen
and uh... all right enough of that but what i was gonna say is that you know
nick uh... sheriff nick
he wasn't only on television today
well i'm sure i'm sure he's finding the media of the get photo operative
one hundred yeah i mean i will go i had a nightmare last night i had a bad
enough night as it was he was on why he was on why one hundred
yeah he was the guest speaker on why one hundred i there's one question
one hundred about my wife there's one question that immediately comes to mind
that is why yeah well one reasons not to you know whatever
see my wife listen to it the alarm went off and it was like my nightmare just
blew into you know then it continued when i woke up
because he was the guy for one hundred
anyways well well we sure know that he's not a media hound that they exaggerated
sixty minutes and he just a good upstanding elected official trying to enforce
the law and trying to do his job slavently as it may be yeah screw him and i love
action okay i have a great day put him back on the boat
twelve thirty six and wio d we have an open line and broard five two four we need
him and roth back is what we need i'll tell you that right now
you laugh i'm telling you man so maybe mario does have some connections
somewhere in the family there's a crooked nose good at least he knows which
numbers to call
boy the democratic party has let down the american public
to such a degree that they're not even grasping at straws with little yahu
weasels like roth peru anybody just anybody give us somebody we don't care
who it is anybody who's different anybody who isn't part of the same
rubber stamp establishment money sucking public screwing bunch of uh...
crooks anybody please
and we can't find anybody
and then of course we turn around and our good friends in the media who are
busy doing heavy duty hallucinogens themselves are real worried about who
slept with this one and did he inhaler did he exhale
and did she swallow or not that's what the media is all excited about
twenty three till one at w i o d here for the nines for you guys
hold your breath in the hill right now not wait about bad advice don't inhale
i'm sorry that was the wrong advice in a political election year
twelve forty two at w i do you can't do anything anymore can't even inhale
boy let's try a pompano hello yes sir nil yes uh... yeah i've got a little bit
to do with the horses and stuff and i look back on a rodeo where one man jumps
off of a horse grabs hold of a cow's roasting touted to hog tizy by himself
yeah i just can't understand how for police officers
have to stand back and let me get the you know they just showed it again on cn
for the six hundred thirty second time that i've been keeping count because i'm
i'm sure by midnight will be in the thousands
but they showed it again and as you watch the eighty one seconds on the video tape
and i said this before but i you know anybody can say anything but you want to
make sure you know what you're talking about
there are a couple of times that he gets to his knees he gets about as far as you
know like like a cow like hunched and
briefly for like a matter of two or three seconds and at that point they just
club him down into submission and as he is in a totally prone position flat
stomach down on the ground is when they're kicking and punching and inflicting and
three or four at a time in some cases beating and clubbing and i mean you can see
in the manner which they're doing it the incredible zeal and the
thrill they're getting off and doing is what i'm saying i have how i have
how any group of twelve people with eyes and ears and a brain even the size of a
pee could watch this and come to the conclusion that there was not excessive
force and that these people were not totally out of control uh... there is no
way to justify it on the face of the earth it is just absolutely beyond
explanation yep the only thing that i can possibly think of it is gonna wake up
middle class because you've got the idiots that are burning and you've got the
the your
pastapo or your star troopers of whatever you want to say on the other end
that they're on the other end of the scale
and everybody's kind of like in the middle this is like it's enough but all
the people are in the middle are getting it sooner or later i mean there are
a lot of people have had their own brushes that we i mean we hear from some
of them today i had my own thing and and then of course the the thing with the
accounts behind the bushes let me let me say it again with all the money that's
being used the so-called d e a in all the other drug fight it and of course they
get their photo opportunities they show all these bills of potton coke and
whatever
and the fact is that out in broad daylight on street corners in this and every
other city of more than a handful of people in this country
there are my house i can go barbeque peddling every kind of mind altering
substance that has ever been invented and they can't be bothered with this
that they don't know about it they can't be bothered with it
and as soon as the sun goes down at about eight fifteen tonight they'll be
back sitting on the side streets off this game boulevard and date county in off
federal highway and broward county with their little decoys with the johns and
the prostitutes and playing their baby crap and the same old stuff they've been
doing for years that hasn't changed the god damn thing but in the meantime all
the stuff that's going on out there every day they can't deal with them we're
spending billions and billions and billions of dollars allegedly fighting the
so-called drug problem and then we turn around and have companies like cox
broadcasting tell you look out because middle of june comes and all new people
drive company cars we're going to have mandatory drug testing i mean what what
are we talking about here sir well you know here's another one that they the
idiots that for burn it down their own neighborhoods and stuff because they were
protesting their brother being beat up yeah
all right their dragon of white guy out of a car beating him and the police are
nowhere to be found but i mean on the same line they're doing the same thing
that what the other end of the right so but that's justified for them right but
the police say well it's justified yeah but again keep in mind the the people who
are doing these things just like the ones who did it here after the make
doffing by murder these are just punks who are just absolutely out of
control have no kind of conscience whatsoever no value on human life
and uh... it's pathetic but again it's it's like a side issue
you know from middle class america wake up and just put an end to both
i mean to stand up and say look we've had all of you and we've had all of you
and put them out in the stage you put them in a stadium or put them and out
the ones and let them kill you know i want me to tell you what it's time for
it's time for all these attorneys who are too busy rate raping the public
yep we've got you know we must have 50 attorneys for every person and every
animal on the face of the globe or in this country
it's about time for those who have any kind of conscience any kind of common
sense or or decency the stand up and start fighting back against this
intrusion against our rights instead of worrying so god damn much about whether
they he played a good game last night and should i be talking about that this
morning i'm getting sick and tired of people who go through their entire
lives who can't escape juvenile attitudes and juvenile behavior and really say
god damn it there are things that count and i'm going to really be devoted to
those things if i have to put my lungs out about it
exactly and sacrifice a little bit so that the point is right but do it right
not do it and stop it and up and start equivocating and coutowing and sucking up
let's get some people out there who've got some balls if we can find anybody in
the search party starts right now it's exactly what it is the what it needs to do
is we need to have a number or we need to have something to start this and to
to finish both ends up and the middle middle people need to stand up
that you want safe schools you want this you want that
1248 at wiod we have an open line in the center square
5249463524
wiod this Saturday noon to four
albeit auto optical if you haven't been there it's in the sawgrass mills mall
right on sunrise boulevard and prestigious swell like plantation acres sunrise
and i think that's sunrise it's out by me anyway
and it's uh... the yellow two can entrances the way to get immediately into
the auto optical shop and you'll find an incredible thing waiting for you fast
friendly service which is unusual these days you get your eyes examined by an
independent optometrist have your spiffy guy glasses made in just about an
hour and we're talking about better quality and designer i wear with 30 to 60
percent below manufacturers list price savings auto optical prescription i
wear comes with a one year warranty on frame breakage your lens scratching too
and will be given away some boshin lambs ray band sunglasses pairs of tickets to
the fiber made in canes home based home baseball game
snap a gift certificates uh... landest children's passes
and of course my usual ugly pictures in our kamele's house goodies et cetera and
so on factory reps will be on hand to from all kinds of the top of manufacturers
like solar optical and career a fashion i wear and syringetian alkan
and linear roma and mcgee and are even archie roma and all the other top names too
it's the open house and will be there this Saturday noon to four at auto
optical inside the yellow two can entrance of the sawgrass mills mall
news happening halfway across the world
farc with the official news jirusa that newsduminations capital
in washington jimmy to pre new stock radio six ten w i o d newsdum
states capitol briskyd tally has a d north miammy beach
let's go to a cutleridge hello hi uncle niel yes sir
well anyway uh... the show i'm not just an apama chronic but the show's so
important today
the thing on religious in political overtones it's just on the religious
overtones even almost religious it's so important
the last time i had a winner in a president's lesson it was jimmy cardor and
god let's get a democrat in there and that was nothing to write home about
i know that first first of all i know we got a lot of colors call it and i want
to get off here but i've been a victim of police brutality twice the
west seven months i wouldn't cut the rich
well that explains it
well one happened a couple of rich one happened in palm beach gardens
that's the the the the the first one was was serious it cost me fifteen hundred
dollars in attorney's feet i don't have a uh... at a ref record but uh... this
this not see pig i'm telling you the truth
falsified a police report
i won't get a whole thing because it's too complicated
but it's in a nutshell he falsified a police report
and locked me up i had to spend fifteen hundred dollars in attorney's
ease plus i have to go to five
weeks five monday night of a value's moral course
this this this big to be going to the moral course
i mean i was i was innocent he illegally arrested me and he falsified a police
report that's common that's your sounds unusual false police report i mean i
can tell you plenty about that
just kind of make it up as you go along
they they made up as you know that the last one was was was sort of
tudor was an old pig in palm beach garden
the wife of my five year old i were driving back from Atlanta
we were on the term pike coming home to cut the rich
uh... there was a big going out in a state trooper going about fifty five miles
and i'm in a sixty five miles oh
i said my cruise control sixty five
but i wasn't bring home and i passed
you'll love this gift that i passed him immediately blue light
i pull over the first thing i said to him uh...
yes for my driver's license and registration blah blah blah
i said officer you know what i'm saying
he said in a real smart ass tone i didn't say you were speeding
he said you got two counts against you
he said first you have a illegal obstruction on your win on your window
which is what you know that illegal obstruction on my on my
on my right now i just asked it was unbelievable you'll roger bumper
stick all that said you should get twenty years then i think uh... that explains
it this big didn't like my uncle Leo yeah
and he said also you don't have a seat belt on it
so he gave me a twenty seven dollars ticket and he made me sign out for him
that would take the license the bumper sticker off and of course i have put the
i took a pop it in another bumper sticker all it
listen get one of those little swastika decals man up to you you'll never get
another ticket as long as you live okay
hang in there pal hey let's say off the pig and and i think i can expose okay great
twelve fifty five i say give him life we have an open line in day seven five one
w i o d here's a lady in popano hello yeah nil this is the first time call for me
i just think that i'd know what it's like to be living in not
see germany nowadays uh...
it just is really frightening that there is no check on the authority
in this country like that i don't know what the jurors were thinking when they
did that well maybe they weren't
yeah maybe they had an important lunch date maybe they were afraid to get pulled over
too i don't know okay well thanks so much for your articulate response let's go
to little havana hello
hey nil yeah well first of all you write about you know there comes a time for
for show business and then one for being serious that's not why i'm going to
give you my fake accent and how i do my g'dingo friend okay and all that you know
who it is now um are we treating this as two separate issues the or one the
the beating and subsequent verdict on Rodney king and and the uh the rioting going on
to it's got to be two separate issues because uh... there are you know the
people who are doing the writing for the most part are not people who really
have any great philosophical uh... feeling about the real issues at hand
there just a bunch of abbor and punks who sees upon the opportunity is like the
ones we have in this community and wait for something like this in fact they
probably just sit waiting for the time that they know uh... that we're going to
get a verdict at which point if it doesn't come out the way that uh... their
community doesn't like it the a season upon that to unleash their madness now
that's a separate issue and i really i can't believe that anybody except the most
irresponsible uh... advocates of violence and civil disobedience could possibly condone
that activity it's just uh... it's not acceptable you're right it's a totally separate issue
no you're right there are two issues and i don't condone that either of always sort of uh...
followed uh... gondis passive resistance philosophy although paradoxically i've seen in
and having lived
for thirty five years that
passive resistance changes very little or nothing
burning down your own note in a bro changes a lot but it's all negative it doesn't
change anything in a positive way and it's been done over it's like neurotic
repetition of keeps being done over and over and over again and here in nineteen
sixty seven they had arrived in Detroit it is now twenty five years later
and there are still significantly large neighborhoods because i've been back
that are still boarded up and uh... uh... just as like they disappeared like they were just
eradicated never to be born again it just it's just like they murdered parts of the city
so it accomplishes absolutely nothing in a positive way but you look at at the last thirty five
years of cuba and isn't that an example of uh... a place that has incurred no violence of its
people and in a act of overthrowing and that's why it's still where it is where have
if they had an understanding seems to me that they overthrew the government
bittista ran for the hills and that's how castrow got in the first place so i
you know if you're suggesting that totalitarian government is uh... what we
you know no but the overthrowing of betista with a violent act they have not
done any violent acts against castrow
how they well they don't have the opportunity he's got all the weapons and they've
uh... got you know a big mouth and that's about it
violent you have to be of a mouth that he makes them an offer they can't refuse
so that's true but violent sometimes comes from the soul of the people but you know
if you're suggesting we're going to have another american revolution it isn't
going to happen sir not gonna happen
well when you start off from anybody really but he remembered can't state by
the way yes yeah yes it's not gonna happen
but at times in a and i'm not forced yet i want to sound that i'm for because i
as of this point since it is an election year as of this moment i can't
speak for you know a week from thursday but as of this moment we still have
the opportunity at the ballot box to make a very loud noise and to send a
message and to get these bastards out and to stop the erosion and the
dissolution of all of our freedoms and the turning back of the clock to the
dark ages and so while we still have that ability let's do it
lastly sometimes you got to hit the bully back though
meaning what what does it mean
well society behavior starts from individual behavior as one person and when we accept
abuses upon ourselves like either a wife being abused by her husband
or a child being abused by another bully and you exot okay well i'll tell you what you go first
and we'll follow okay we'll watch and see what happens uh we'll be back after the one
o'clock news Rick and suds at two six ten w i o d presents the meal rogers show
to get in touch and talk with neal dial 751 w i o d from day in brodered 524 w i o d
outside the 305 area code toll free 1 800 944 w i o d and bell south mobility customers make a
free call by dialing star i o d the opinions expressed by the guest host or callers are not
necessarily those of this nation now here's neal rogers on news dog radio six ten w i o d
no i don't listen to the one to two hour wouldn't be prudent at this time
they

and
We have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it, we have come to get it
It comes to a race of mountains that becomes an hose and a new light makes the bed, we can pick it down from the oven so we can feel it
I know something and you know it's right
I know something right
We have to get out of here, get out of here
We have to get out of here, get out of here
Okay, we know how to be carried away people who think they're listening to Zeta
It's 108 at WIOD, the out of town line is open so I guess they've shot their commentary
At 1-800-944 can drive controversy out at the wrong station
1-800-944 at WIOD
Key West on the star line, hello
Hi Neil
Yes sir
Just a thought on how people, everyone's wondering about how the jury could come up with this verdict and everything
It's just a microcosm of society, we were down there eating breakfast this morning
And we were talking about this issue and just then shocked about it
And we got finished and we were, you know, they're in the air been flow
We'd take a couple bites of food and we heard this other table sitting next to us
And the lady says, well, I just really believe that those police officers feared for their lives
Because all lady's, you know, he had a, you know the criminal record he had, it was very long as long as his arm
Right
And I just wanted to say that
It's always one of the, you know, they hear one cliche like that, he had a rap sheet as long as his arm and that becomes like the bad answer
It's just unbelievable
I believe that
By their prejudice and ignorance and the general stupidity
That they, exactly
And also, every, you know, we want to change so much and we sort of have ourselves at the blame
Because the people that we've put in power that we expect to affect this change
Don't want it
They have the power
They don't want to change the lawyers and all this, you know, the lawyers are getting rich off the floor
Of course, they're probably, I'll see the lawyers are too busy doing creative
Oh yeah
Creative law, creating things like kids suing their parents for parental malpractice
And all these other things were one, the neighbors who's the next door neighbor because he looks ugly and he's like, yeah
You know, they're creating ways to make money as opposed to worrying about defending the freedoms
See, once you lose your freedoms, then nothing else, whether it's the economy or the environment or anything
Nothing else means anything because you're totally empowered to do anything about any of those other things anyway
That's exactly right
So the only things that really count first and foremost and above everything else are your individual freedoms
And man, every minute of every day that goes by, we're losing them
Exactly, and in these people that they just picked their heads and said
And it doesn't affect them unless it's like you said before, it just drops right in their living room
Well, here it is, it's in all our living rooms now
And we've got ourselves to blame, that's all I've got to say
Okay, thanks for calling
10 past 1 at WIOD, the StarLine has opened StarIOD
Let's do Hollywood, hello
Hello, yes
I'd like to go into how far this is going
Last night you know that the Congress voted to let the Justice Department have the bank records
Right
Originally, when the Justice Department asked for it, all of Congress said no
Both Democrats and Republicans
Yeah, but now they're all shaking in their boots and they want to at least give a cosmetic appearance
Of, oh yes, we want to be forthright and honest and oh, here it all is right
And we have nothing to hide
The Department wanted for tidying checks
There's no way in the world if they were at them they can find anything about tidying checks
They can put it together and fish and fish
So what does that mean, sir? What does that have to do with the price of rice?
Because originally Congress said no, they're not entitled to these things
Yeah
Okay, well thank you so much because it obviously has a great deal to do with our freedoms and with the issues we're talking about
It's 11 after 1 at WIOD, we have an open line in Broward 5249463524 WIOD, George
For their size, they're some of the most vicious creatures on earth
They exist only to feed their queen and protect their mound
And they won't hesitate to sting your children or pets if they get them away
Fire ants are more than a nuisance
They still need the laws there to protect us and we can't afford to let this become a police state period
That's it
If you noticed on the news, I'm sure you were watching it
That if everyone in the interview, the law's anglers, that had a head on their shoulders were over the age of 30
That why are we doing this to our own neighborhood?
We live here, the prices are going to go up when the stores are fixed
Well, you know, I was watching it last night and the shots from the helicopter they were zooming in as close as they could on the punks running around through the streets
They were all kids, they were all teenagers
Just like what we had here in Liberty City, 11-12 years ago
Do you think that our guessfowl is far from our own neighborhood?
No question about it, an excuse to go out and just go test aberrant things in the streets
I agree, thanks
118 and WIOD, we have an open line in the Broward
524, I almost used the word barbaric but I used that some years ago
And there were some people that got all upset about that and tried to make it into a big ethnic thing
So please put it on the record, I didn't use that word
Even though I certainly think it applies
Whether the people who are perpetrating the acts are black or white or anything else
There are certain things that are just universally deemed as socially unacceptable
And burning down one's own neighborhood and gouging people's brains out and doing these types of things
Is an unacceptable response to an unacceptable act of law
Okay?
Here's a lady in Hallendale
Hi, I'm Lady and I guess I'm as old as you are, does that put me in the mishoo level?
No, not in this town, we're just teenagers here
Well, I do know that I've lived long enough to learn that seeing is no longer believing
Right
And a picture is no longer worth a thousand words, it's those little cliches
One of the jurors says that it's very obvious if you watch the tape that Rodney King was in control of the situation at all times
Now I don't know what the guy wants to go and do a stand-up comedy routine at one of those comedy clubs
And maybe you can go on the Alex Bennett show in San Francisco and do some stand-up comedy
But I mean what kind of a statement is that?
How can you be in control of the situation when you're surrounded by half a dozen armed officers with guns
And the clubs and every other kind of weapon at their disposal
And you're down on the ground, the staggering around on your knees and mostly in the prone position
How has that put you in control?
Well that's because the hard cost didn't really happen either
Right
You heard that right, oh yeah
But the thing that concerns me is what's going on in LA right now
You would think these people like good old Jesse Jackson and the responsible people in that community there
Who said Jesse Jackson was responsible?
Well, I would say no
He's nothing but a political opportunist and a professional troublemaker who's always there in a moment's notice to stir up a bunch of crap
That's his area of expertise
Well, they must have known that
Jesse never met a dictator he didn't like so what does that tell you?
Well, I don't know what he tells me
He tells me something different every time
But the thing is I think a lot could have been done to prevent what's going on in LA right now
And I think that the powers that be or using what's going on in LA right now
To somehow justify this unjustifiable verdict that this jury has brought down
Well that isn't going to wash, then nobody's going to buy that deal
No, nobody's going to buy it
No, they're not
The only people who are going to buy into that are the ones who agreed with the verdict in the first place
That handful of people who's bigotry is so tremendous that they can't see Rodney King as a human being
They just see him as another black criminal with a long rap sheet and a dangerous threat to it all this other crap
And so all this other stuff just reinforces it in their minds
Well, I see that the community people there should have been out in the streets mobilizing
Well, how many have they got? I mean I was watching they were talking to the people at the LAPD Central Headquarters last night
And they had like 600 cops or something like that
And Los Angeles is a city of like 10, 12 million people
It's like New York and more spread out even bigger
How in the world could they putt and as they were showing you the fires from the helicopter on KTLA last night
I was watching on the satellite as they were showing one fire and the fire trucks would get there in a police
And they'd be battling one enormous place and like three blocks away here another one would start
And before they even had an opportunity to see it because they're on the ground and we were watching by air
Before they even have an opportunity to see it the thing is out of control and the smoke is billowing
I mean it's just lucky that it didn't go far beyond that
Because the potential air is just unlimited in the city of that size
It's different the verdict I mean just took me by such a surprise and it's taken the world by surprise
It's like somebody reached in and tore your intestines out and leave you so speechless that you just don't even know how to react anymore
I know, generally I'm too shy to call you because I'm afraid to risk sounding like a fool on the radio
No, not at all
But today I was so angry that I must have dialed you a million times
Well I'm glad you did
And one other point is it says to these people who walk around with their little video cameras
Don't you dare try to record anything that we're doing that might be bad
Because it's not going to work. It's not going to work. We're going to take whatever evidence you have against us
Meaning the police and we're just going to twist it around with our words and our defense attorneys
And no matter what you do, you're just up against the stone wall
Don't confuse the jury with the facts
Okay, okay, have a good day
You two
122 at WIOD and Open Line and Broward 524
Toyota of Hollywood extends an invitation to intelligent car buyers
People who can
Yes, are you okay?
Hey, I just wanted to share something with you and your readers. You knew I lived in Los Angeles, remember that?
Yeah
Okay, well when I lived out there I was a student going to school. I had a car that had Florida plates, tinted windows, little Honda Civic
I got stopped by the LAPD once for running a red light
Yeah
Basically what happened in the nutshell is that I almost got shot at because they thought I was going to jump out of the car with a new Z
And Miami Vice music blurring the background
Hmm
And uh...
Well if you were playing Miami Vice music in the background you probably should have been shot
Well I had the typical disco music that a young kid would listen to back then
Yeah, that's okay
But anyways, it just goes to show you the mentality and the cops out there
Yeah, the LAPD is notorious for being one of the worst and I have no idea what...
I guess if people have never been there they think that the entire state of California is just this wild, laze fear, anybody does this
And that's full of crap, nothing to be further from the truth, I guess those people have never taken a bus tour through Orange County
Well what they really shoot is out there is blacks and Hispanics
And if you're black or Hispanic
And orientals
Yeah, and orientals in some way but mostly blacks and Hispanics
So if you're any of those scattered, you're in trouble
Yeah
Uh... another thing
Well when Ed Davis was chief of police in Los Angeles, Gays who were tremendously numerous in Los Angeles and always have been
The witch hunts that went on there during several years were just indescribable, I mean just incredible
Oh yeah, they bashed him, they did anything they could do to inflict damage to them to do it
Another thing, Darryl Gates, I don't know if anybody really remembers this, he used to have a battering ram
A tank that he would demolish homes with
When he would just take a tank and if he thought somebody was dealing drugs out of the house
He would demolish the house, no questions asked
I say David Gates for a police chief, be a better idea
Okay Neil, I just wanted to share that with you
Okay
127 and WY2, what's wrong with David Gates? What are you laughing about? He can sing better
Oh, it's just... they're just there are no words to describe, I mean if I've ever felt insufficient today is the day for it
Because it leaves you breathless and speechless and just with that empty hollow feeling like man I knew it was bad
But it's about 50 million times worse than I ever dreamed it could be in my worst nightmares
It's hopeless, they've just taken away everything, you can't even pee now man, they're like look out, wait a minute
You shook with the wrong hand or you shook one time too many
I mean just what is going on here?
And the people sit back and they're oblivious man, hey how about that ball game? I mean I like ball games but let's face it
Sooner or later there are some things that take a little bit of precedence
I don't want to overdo the thing on my great counselor there on the light bulb this morning but his performance was so just embarrassing that I can't even find words to describe it
There comes a time to put all the contrived humor and screaming and shouting and stage mockery and crap on the heat game on the shelf where it belongs and start paying attention to business
While we still have the ability to do it
Is suds taking those roses home? Oh no
It's a 129, yeah that's my gift to you for doing a nice job on the courts or I wouldn't have found ThunderClapp Newman
Taberniere, hello
How you doing Neil?
I've been wanting to call you a long time and today I'm on sick from work and I got a chance to do it
Well I feel pretty sick too
Yeah this is crazy I mean this might be like you said earlier just what's needed to open up a lot of people's eyes
It might have that effect I mean if this doesn't do it I don't think there's much hope than anything will now
People have been trying to legislate morality for a long long time and you can't do it take care of it
Not only can you not do it you shouldn't do it what do is it the government who's not to hold our hands as adults and tell us what to do
And where to do it? Well that's a bunch of crap nobody who the hell ever said that whoever can conquer that notion
Well they you know there's important things they're just letting go by this people starving and dying right in this country
And here I'm reading a thing in life here where the US Custom Service man $200,000 last year to print 5 million trading cards
Featuring their finest drug-sniffing dogs
Oh that's great
I think you're wanting to say to those I bet you're I can buy a Norm Kent's baseball heaven or whatever that is
Well I open the box to get my dog some biscuits real the night and I found a couple in there
Yeah, it's amazing it's that I hope I hope something's done
I hope this holds up a lot of them people to just sit back and think well
You know there's some other things that have happened in California the preceding week and a half with the earthquakes
And I don't want to sound like one of those doom's days suit sares
But you know I use the analogy of the world being like a gigantic bowling ball with and the people are like the like millions of ants
Crawling on the outside of a bowling ball. You know what I'm saying? Oh, yeah
There's a great parallel there. We're not quite as important as we think we are
We're not and the overall scheme of the universe
We just fortunate to be here for whatever good or bad we can do and
If we just paid a little more attention to shop and stop just acting like a whole universe was here for our amusement
And stop buying into all of the fables and fairy tales and started taking control of our own destiny
It's all we are going to do it yet. So the world is a big business. My son's been in Germany for the last 10 years
And he he parties and Amsterdam he has a good time running around he says the people over there we left left their asses off at our
They do they do and I'll tell you
Isn't it not only do they have not or did they have a good time but they have respect for each other and for each other's rights
You said they don't respect they don't mock each other and they don't judge each other and they don't run around trying to entrap or abuse each other
And it's like being on a different planet sir. I'm telling you what I'm over there. It's like being in a different world
Well, you know how they treat feel about entrapment if you're part of the crime you do part of the time right exactly how they feel over there
I don't waste their money on that I could be wrong
But I've always believed in this country unless the statistics are incorrect that there are enough legitimate crimes going on that we don't have to
You don't have to make somebody right you don't have to make it right Neil last year people were putting me down for listening to your work and
I noticed now that when the vehicles pulling for service their stations are all tuned to 610 WI well
They're a little slow to come around but they'll come out of the car right there seeing the reality of it you know
That people aren't as ignorant as they seem even though they act that way. It's hypocrisy. I'll take your word for it
No, there's enough of everybody out there is there's if you ever there's enough people in the world today
If you come up with a situation there's there's somebody doing it and two people watching never done
Lee nowadays somebody taking a video of it right okay have a good day. Bye 132 at WIOD
You never guess what they just ran a spot for on CNN
Diagnetics you know don't you think that Ted Turner's got enough money
I mean I'm sure that CNN is making money you know he's got TNT and headline news and CNN and the airport
CNN thing and not to mention all the money he had in the first place
And I see that on there and in the context of all this other stuff that's going on and all the billions and trillions of money
$200 that are wasted on fairy tales and superstition and all the people who are hating each other and killing each other
Because your God is better than mine is and my religion is better than yours is and I'm writing you wrong and bapapad and bibles is the
It's pathetic and here they're running a spot for a cult for a man who's been dead for God only knows how many years
Oh man
Figure a speech folks don't get all excited there slip at the time that you hear he said God only knows
Yeah, right
He was on a long CES the during between 1933 and 1945 God was taking a long nap
He was doing a little bit fan winkle routine
By the way thanks to the nice people have called a race course for the beautiful roses that they brought in for me today
Which I'm giving to George so we can give them to his lovely wife and he might get lucky tonight
But anyway the reason for the roses of course is because they're run for the right now is they're going to call us tomorrow
I'm sure
Dave Johnson because tomorrow enough time will have a lapse that we don't have to be hopefully as morbidly involved in all the stuff as we were today
But we'll have the whole run down on the Derby some experts are calling that French horse arosia super horse the next
Secretary you know how they have that thing on the weather forecast about the air quality now what do you think it is in LA right about now and 1-3
It's let's see it's 1037 in the morning out there. It's in the minus column like I said they've already got all that smog
And that pollution and that puke a gray gross ear and you can't see you some days you can't see it all
Three hour delays at the airport because it's smoking it almost takes you back to the Gulf war when the maniac was setting all the oil fields on fire
And all that crap was billowing up in the air and putting all that it's just amazing
138 at W.I.O.D. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Hi. I'm an attorney and I'm a female so I thought I'd kill a couple birds with one stone.
Okay. I'm representing a young man who your station has covered the story of who's in a coma due to a police check-host and Tony Edwards you may have heard of this one.
Right. And I wanted to I guess commend your listeners for the degree of intelligence if exhibited in the calls they've made.
It's very surprising that people aren't talking more about that that it's just us middle Americans who do make up the jury who do vote as this jury so wrong we did.
But you all have to understand too that in trying to to prosecute case like this we're doing it civilly we're suing the city of Miami and the police.
Right. We're trying to fight the government and pilot a complaint that should be made when people hear about these kind of abuses should be against the offices of the town.
We're trying to get a reno and the U.S. Attorney's Office we've been trying for four months to get reno to prosecute the police officers to put this client of Miami in a coma and nothing's been done.
This happened January 3rd. The same day that Officer Bauer was shot you remember that.
Right. They have not only caught the suspects but prosecuted it they invited it and they're prosecuting those suspects.
In our case we're following a project years in our complaint against officers who in front of 20 to 40 people put a man on the ground in handcuffed, clad tied him and apparently took him into a coma.
And I think it's complaints need to be made to buy the citizens to be authorities. It's somebody wants something done they have to realize is a process that is being abused by the government.
Right. Well the problem is people get angry about the wrong things and unless something hits them right on the shoulder or remember their family or their neighbors somebody they know.
Once in a while they make a little outcry and they just don't care enough to send their very best if you know what I'm saying.
They just don't... their energies are for the most part put in the wrong directions.
I think so that the kind of collars you've had should think really hard about this experience when they're next called for jury duty.
Yeah. No many people try to get out of jury duty. These are the citizens who should be there and should be listening to the facts and not turning a blind eye to the system.
Right. Okay good luck. Thank you. Thanks.
Makes me think of that punk they called in the station. I don't want to get into a big thing with Rick and Sudds about that because I already expressed my views and he called this show one time and I hung up on him faster than you can say douchebag who was involved in that jury up in Palm Beach County and then they finally had a clear mistrial and this punk is maybe go to jail for a year or two or three years.
It's not a joke. I mean anytime there's a trial there's a reason for it. Okay. And somebody's ass is on the line or somebody's future is I whatever the hell it might be.
And unless it affects us directly oh we don't want to be bothered. They're showing a live pictures again here. It's broad daylight. It's 10 40 in the morning out there in LA and some more fires and more the same crap continuing which is what it'll president.
They directed most of his comments to about how we just can't tolerate this kind of which is true. But I mean that's like saying today is Thursday. I think we all recognize that but the other comments that he made whereas usual superficial and very much not to the point and then he sent the attorney general out to give non answers to all the media questions and of course his pad answer was well since I'm representing the government and whatever a federal action we might take in these matters.
I can't answer that question. I can't answer this question. I can't have an opinion etc and so on. So it was just to the idea that he sent him out there to be the face man while the president and his intimate advisors go inside to continue to stick their wands out the window and see which way the public winds are blowing today. Miami Beach. Hello. Yeah. Hello. Neil. How are you? Okay. It's funny how the president put third on his list. We don't have room for bigotry and racism. Right. You know that should have been the. Well no that was kind of like a throw away. It's like.
Throwing you a bone and that should pass if I you but the main thing is it was just really a repetition of what he said last night is that justice has been served and that this is the system and that we must preserve law and order and respect the law on yadi yadi and bow down and put your arm up in the year and
genuophyll and curtsy and that's it. I want to ask you a question. What's going on in the LA right now? Do you think that it's a cry for help from these people? I'm not saying that what they're doing is right. They're creating a lot of illegal acts. They're killing people.
You know they should be punished for that but they're crying out for help. Yes it happens in their own neighborhood. Why don't they cry out for help at the ballot box? Why don't they go out there and put somebody in office who has their best interest at heart, which is obviously not this administration. I keep I just don't understand the and not just blacks but all voters. I mean you look at women who are on the verge. I mean Roe v Wade may be overturned any day now certainly by this summer and yet even though the poll show is statistically
the overwhelming majority of women want to have the right to make decisions over their own body. They just the old political forces just don't exist anymore. They just sit back and they've given up and thrown in a towel and then as soon as something happens that affects them, they say, oh geez, what can we do about it now when it's too late? Well what we've gone through 12 years of living hell and in the meantime the economy's got a hell on a hand basket too. You remember what the trickle down theory the only thing that's trickling down our leg now is something that we can't say on the air. Okay. That's trickling down the
Americans leg because they're scared to death. They're scared spittless man and if they don't wake up and sniff the flowers and decide that this fascist government isn't the way to go and this isn't the answer to our problems, then heaven help all of us.
But what's what's been done since the watch right to prevent what's happening right now? Well how do you wait a minute? How do you prevent what's happening right now? I mean the mayor called for the National Guard to come in, but how many how many people do you have to have in order to prevent what's going to happen?
Have you ever been to LA? Yes, but I haven't been recently, but you know how big of a city is I mean it spread out over an enormous area. I mean Los Angeles geographically is a gigantic city. Okay. How many how many guardsmen and how many police and how many anything can you possibly have to
as you say prevent what's happening now? I don't know. I don't mean that in the sense of guardsmen and police and I mean what's what's going on in our community right here?
What's going on in Liberty City and over town right now to make that a better place to live that something like this won't happen next year and I'm very little very little because traditionally what happened is that there's a big emotional outburst and then there's the subsequent looting and burning and destruction of neighborhoods and then there are a few
meetings and the citizens advisory boards get together and meet and all this other community relations boards and they sit around and pontificate and they make a lot of promises and that's back to the way it was before until the next big blowup comes along. I mean that's that's been the history of it.
What what what could stop that from that cycle just keep going around and around?
What could stop that? What could stop that would be an emphasis on changing first of all the the fascist legal system that we've got number one and number two placing an emphasis on educating people and not leaving people in a situation where their destiny is already preordained pretty much when they're born.
That's the problem is it that is the problem and that there is no priority on education in this society the message from the media is very loud and clear.
The dumber you are and the luckier you are and the less talented you are the more likely you are to succeed be a big jock make seven million a year be another
semester still on be illiterate be a rapper be some some kind of illiterate gulf ball and man we're going to make you a star.
That's what the message is in this country it's all wrong and the only it's all wrong and that's why all the technology is with the Germans and the Japanese and elsewhere.
We don't have him here we don't have the scientist we don't have the educated people here because this is not a country that cares about education.
It cares about the people who care about education are the people with money that can provide a private education and their children grow up to be the governors and the senators.
When you know when Cuomo was on with Donahue a few weeks ago and Phil was practically begging him to run which he is not doing and he talked about the fact that higher education ought to be just as available as a secondary education.
I mean where is the logic that says that you can go to school through your senior year in high school for free. I mean everybody pays school taxes but generally for free but if you want to go to college and get a real education and qualify to have a real paying job then you got to pay for it.
Where is the logic in that there is no logic system would set up for the rich right exactly just like the criminal justice system is set up for the rich and just like our health care system is set up for the rich.
Everything in this country is set up for the rich and George Bush and Dan Quail no more brought that than anybody because they're part of the rich they're part of the upper class you think they really give a good god damn about the middle in the lower class not a chance.
I don't think so.
Not a chance.
How much did the president Bush get back from taxes this year on his tax return.
When I saw the amount that he paid it was so embarrassing that I can't begin to tell you it was in the papers a few days ago.
I remember what it was but on income of like 1.3 million dollars he paid less in taxes or just very little more taxes than I did.
Okay and I can assure you his income was a hell of a lot more than mine was the rich get richer exactly have a good day thanks for talking to me.
147 a W I O D course I don't have a wife like Barbara or I don't have a dog like Millie that wrote a book I have two dogs but so far they haven't been able to write a book maybe that's where I'm making my mistake because Millie's book made 800 thousand.
I have a mother named Millie maybe she could write a book in Disney could write the pre the prologue the forward the afterward.
In fact he's such a comedian now I get my check today and he writes on there since the 9 to 10 hour actually went up unfortunately to me for the first time ever that from the over the 8 to 9 hour the 9 to 10 in the morning hour went up this time from a 3 7 at 8 to a 4 1 in the 9 to 10 hour.
And so he writes on the stub of my check this morning Neil 9 to 10 a.m. while we carbon copy mommy.
So so there's the sense of humor that we have up front there okay another great robber it's a 148 at W I O D want to tell you about the squally's Italian.
Well listen accurate the attorney general has announced that that they are investigating the possibility of bringing federal civil rights charges against these four officers and of course as soon as all the instant polling information comes into the White House and as soon as they figure out which way the win made it you know how the airport they have those little it looks like an elephant stout you ever see those things and they show you like which way the wind is blowing and which direction and they and as soon as they figure out which way that's all going then they'll determine the way they're going to be.
So I'm going to determine if they have enough enough information to file those charges here's a lady in Hollywood hello I'm glad you've painted the big picture the reason history keeps repeating itself the cover ups the three murders right this was all a result of our lab.
We've lost control of the country there's no question about the 60s I mean the public really tried to rise up in a tried to a rebel against the injustices against this absolutely insane involvement in Vietnam and all the oppression of minorities and all the other crap that was going on and what we got response for was that the people who dare to add the audacity to try to a metal with the establishment with the structure of things all got blown away.
I believe in the media a little bit though I just now found out there were two passengers in the king's car did you know that yes they didn't all I did was keep showing one thing over and over I think I still have to pass it is in the car when they were stopped they got out and he refused to do so and then like resisted in the big.
Well I just found that out well anyway maybe we'll get to see the whole picture now but what does what does that mean well I see the whole picture well there was at least two thirds of the film never shown on TV not at least they may show it but I still say the guilty one is the woman who chased him at 115 miles an hour for what did she have a charge against them yeah okay 154 W.
I would decore all spring. Hello. Yeah where is the sense of value at sure I'm upset like everybody else the guy got beat up by someone who flipped out but I'm out right by way
wait by someone a person any person flips out and beats up another person but he wasn't he wasn't what's out right away to my
wait a minute he didn't get beaten by someone he got beaten by for someone so for someone to still beaten into oblivion he had a person beat by for the person to a pulp within an inch of his life he's alive and still walking around
as he is just barely people now that's outrageous of course it is they're both outrageous okay don't try to cover up the tracks and run with the other you make it seem like that's outrageous this guy got beat up but oh by the way I didn't say I
spent plenty of time talking about how it is totally unacceptable in any society yes 11 people that's unacceptable you don't want to come any
agitaric how many adjectives the power like to see this video tape the video tape the video tape the video tapes the video tapes of these 11
people the these 11 people be no I don't want to say I don't want to see the video tapes but again you got to
understand that the people who did these things were punks and lunatics they were people they weren't people who
salary were paying to all flipped out as the new excuse now for the members for people who are law enforcement officers they flipped out
they didn't look flipped out to me to look like they were in relishing they're carrying out their act they do something wrong but they flipped out they got lost
to control they flipped out yeah so in other words when people who have badges and guns and have the authority and the power of the law behind them
when they take out their anger or hostilities or prejudices against an individual that's okay is that what you say no I'm saying it's okay
what's okay is that we still have a person who's alive and there barely not okay there is no there is no relationship between the
officer they are both grotesque and unacceptable
and human behavior average person i think we love you about that but what let me say it again they are both unacceptable and you just all you want to do is argue
you don't want to listen you don't want to have a discussion you are obviously a lot more concerned about the other and there is no question
no question that the death of how about back on the in the days of liberty city it was a lot more than eleven I forget what the number was but it was a
frightening number of people who were innocent bystanders who happen to be driving in the wrong place at the wrong time on the wrong night
who were dragged from their cars and beaten and some of them had their brains gouged out with broken bottles I mean I don't even want to rethink or we live those horrendous days of what went on in this town
and there is no person in his right mind who could possibly defend that kind of gruesome subhuman behavior okay
but don't try to cover up the tracks and minimize the other one with these grotesque acts because basically they are pretty much unrelated
the other acts were committed by nut cases by punks by goofballs by maniacs who just sees upon every one of these opportunities for the chance to go in and do these barbaric aberrant things
and you know that sir but you don't want to you don't want to hear it here is a lady in store hi Neil hi I want to ask you how you doing today I already know
well I'm just disgusted I'm just they just reach a point where it's like you you've had it up to your ears and you reach the saturation point
that's how I feel with the whole damn system that's true all that broke the camel's back that's about it I got a piece of advice for everybody
put your boots on and keep them on because it's deep and just getting deeper right and hold that passport man put it in your underwear and don't let them get it
well today I'm saying people have to resort to thinking about leaving the country it is you know that it's getting that way
it is but when you don't have any answers and how to fix it anymore I don't know what the other answer is
well I'm not ready to leave yet but it's time something happened yeah this is just ridiculous okay okay thank you
Margate on the star line w d r is playing a list of two put black ribbons on their antenna to show their
of horror and now why would we want to talk to him do you know who that is the one that used to call every day
the first caller under the star line sir of all days for you to demean this program in this community by calling in here
I don't need anymore spy reports are okay get yourself a life and grow up and stop wearing those silly shorts
Papano yeah Neil I just like to know what that juror did you hear that lady who was interviewed who said that Rodney King was in control control
now what the hell is she looking at beats the hell out of me okay unless she's been brainwashed
unless they did a clockwork number orange number on her and they put toothpicks in her eyes they made her watch
death camp marches from the world war two I have no idea what any of those people on the jury were thinking of
and as I said I just can't having spent 49 years on this out there in Sanosalam call the earth I just cannot imagine
relating to anybody who could have heard the evidence and watched the videotape and have any concept of what transpired there
and have come up with this verdict that it's just on acceptable I just can't imagine I can't imagine that too many other people can relate to or understand it either
plus the racist remarks they made over the radio right right plus the I heard the music there but what's beyond a reasonable doubt these days
well like we said before evidently that we haven't got the answer for that yet okay maybe if they'd have brought the dead
carcass back maybe that might have convinced them but I have my doubts okay well that's gonna do it have a pleasant day
oh what can I say hey I told you the world is an out there in Sanosalam and one of these days you folks are gonna begin to
understand that I'm not the pessimist that you think I am I'm just being painfully honest even though it hurts
news from around the planet is what it says I have a feeling that I've just a little little changed there on Rick and Spud's
this afternoon but of course you know what the show must go on on sports dog because come hell or high water
or earthquakes or executions the sports the games go on at 605
