What is obsession with hockey?
Squirt's work?
Oh!
I am an embasson.
I am a
A
A
A
A
Yeah!
What a day! I never thought I'd live to see this day.
1018!
At WIOD, I never thought I'd live to see that either.
What is that we got on there?
Look at that!
Okay, we have an open line out of Starline.
This is the momentous day.
Our CamillaSouse total is 55,094 dollars.
That 18 T CamillaSouse hotline for the entire big oozing state.
1-800-852-006.
Thanks to Heavenly Ham and PT Simone, by the way, our sales hole.
He's learned it fast.
Nice job at telling us about the food coming by the way, Pete.
Because we ate some Wayne Arnold's this morning, which we always love.
He brought for Ranieri and they saved this a little bit.
We ate that and then all of a sudden they hear, oh, guess what?
We got Heavenly Ham out front.
In fact, if there's anybody in the building, I don't want any of this to go to waste.
There's a big oozing, gigantic, delicious ham.
Those tremendous, heath bar crunch cookies and some chocolate chip cookies.
And I mean Heavenly Ham is just godly.
They are the most incredible stuff in the history of the human race.
And we got like 75,000 cases of snappled that just came in.
So this must be a big celebration tonight's the IOD Christmas party.
So it's a good idea the food came in early so everybody can pick out early in the day
and save open up a little cavity for later on tonight, like for the track.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale, ho.
What's this obsession with hockey?
Ha ha ha! You're the first one I thought of!
Yeah.
What a guy.
Isn't that great?
Excellent.
Boy, this Wayne has Zenga.
It's like this man has taken it upon himself, like the mission of making this into like almost a real town.
Yeah.
Isn't that amazing?
One handed.
Yeah.
Right.
Single handedly.
That.
Well I knew you could relate to that.
Thank you very much.
Okay.
We have an open line in Brad.
They're coming on glue with I'm telling you.
They're coming apart at the seams.
They're so excited.
And then those old women man, they call it on that telephone.
Ah, we don't need any more spots.
Go do a strawberry douche and get out of our face lady, okay?
Go find a life.
Go place a majong.
Get out of our damn lives already.
God.
Here's the shot.
That's all that he's worth.
Rances to the line.
Rances again.
Come again.
Take the shot.
Set it off.
Talk to the center.
The star.
Hey.
Talk to the star.
Talk to the bird.
So anyway, 1039 about your fat Chuck Myers excited.
He can go over there and see Mario.
And see his damn obnoxious penguins who never seemed to lose a game except to the Leafs by the way.
Do mention that in passing.
Got to win one sooner or later.
Hi, Alia.
A. Niels.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Finally.
Is this Bill Hewitt?
What's that?
Finally, we got hockey in Florida.
And you know why, don't you?
Why not?
Because after years of desperately attempting to find the answer to the musical question is Bill Hewitt alive,
we found out this year on this show thanks to my persistence and my perspicacity.
He is still alive and that was what put us over the top in getting a hockey team plus Wayne has
Angus $50 million.
Well, we should call this Wayne's world instead of Miami.
That's sure.
That's it.
I want to call my two friends douchebags because they said they would not have hockey in Florida.
What a bunch of assholes.
Matt and Norm, you're a bunch of shot-filled douchebags.
We got hockey, brother.
No, no, no, no.
Okay.
Have a great day, Niels.
See, I have a great dissupting.
Where the hell is that Wayne's world card we got?
I'm just a mad man today.
Could have something to do with my blood sugar being 900 now after eight and two of those great cookies.
They got to stop bringing those by the way.
Those are so damn good.
Those are the best things in history.
Oh, man, from Heavenly Ham, I just mentioned again in passing.
Two open lines, indeed.
What's the matter in Dave County, huh?
I tell you what's the matter in Dave County.
They know that they're going to wind up, well, it's not a done deal.
But I still think Mr. Hizinghi is going to build his own arena up there by Joe Robbie Stam.
It's going to be like the Midoland's complex and then the heat will van moves from downtown
and the hockey team will play there.
And Miami, as usual, will be left holding the bag.
Let's go to where we going.
We have an open line in Broward.
Did I just say that?
I don't know.
I'm wound up between the hockey and the sugar cookies.
I feel like Sandy Payton.
Sugar cookies, Michael.
Sugar cookies.
That's how I feel.
Almost.
Not that boring though.
Hollywood.
Hollywood, yes, sir.
My name is Ralph.
Yes, Ralph.
I want to know something.
Yes.
Now, why does AM and PM, what does it stand for?
Are you listening to this show, Ralph?
Yes.
What the hell does that have to do with anything that's going on here today?
I want to know what AM and PM is.
What does that have to do with anything you're disgusting old fart?
About baseball, football.
About anything.
I've got a AM and PM.
What is this?
How about BM?
You know what BM stands for?
Go take a shot.
If it's possible and in your case unlikely, you idiot.
As soon as you hear that, we don't want old fart.
We have a special part of the day on WIOD for old fart like you.
It's called the Telepol on the Micronary Show.
Mike opens up about two minutes worth of time that he donates to every
crotchety disgusting old fart.
Who doesn't give a damn about it?
See, he's the epitome.
He don't care about the rest of us being in a great mood and have it a great day.
He's got his own agenda.
What is AM and PM?
I got you a BM over here, man.
It just came through the phone.
God would have fart.
God would have fart.
Here.
God would have fart.
God would have fart.
Mr. Asagi.
I would love to know what goes on inside that house when his cheerleader wife
is going to be reading.
I don't know if they're reading the newspaper or the scriptures.
One or the other.
Rick Wiley.
Rick Wiley.
Rick Wiley.
Rick Wiley.
So I wonder what Rick is doing at the dining room tables and we speak right now.
Why is everybody picking on me just lighting up, man?
There is some heavy duty crap going on inside of that house.
I think we could make a soap opera.
It would make Chester Wiley a pale and a win significance.
I never said that anyway.
Did I?
Well, if I did, I forgot.
Rick Wiley is like some kind of a psychotic axiomordor in that house and his underwear in his newspaper.
That's not bad enough.
Rick Wiley.
Rick Wiley.
Rick Wiley.
Oh, yeah.
Rick is discussing that right around the dining room table right now with his lovely cheerleading wife.
Why is everybody picking on me just lighting up, man?
Oh, yeah.
I am an imbecile.
Why do some people get stoned and some people not?
1054 at WYOD Miami.
Hello, Neo.
I got a fucking my spinner.
Yeah, bet.
Hey, I thought that asshole wouldn't know a BM if you forced that him 10,000 prunes.
Right.
Anyway, how about them black, blue and silver Miami blades?
The Miami blades?
Yeah.
That is a pink flamingos for the screaming eagles for that matter.
No, we don't want no screaming eagles.
I want the screaming experience.
That might be good.
Screaming.
In honor of a shocking diome, I do the screaming queens.
All right.
The blades sounds good, right?
No.
No?
No, because there was, I think it was the Toledo blades as a minor league team.
That's the blades.
We don't want to have a minor league name to start out.
Why not?
We're a minor league town.
Can I say that?
I'm sorry.
Don't say that, even though it's true.
You wouldn't believe how I found out.
I'm listening to Rick and Puts, who are just like impenetrains.
Yeah.
And I decided to slip around a little bit.
And I hear Hank, and he's going, we'll never get hockey team because we'd have to build another arena.
But I'm going to boot by the thing.
And then some guy calls up, using all a bunch of big words and he doesn't really understand
from the arena.
Yeah.
And he says, we just got one.
And then Hank got to eat everything he just said right there in the air real quick.
And the story didn't really break for like another hour after that.
Wow.
Rick and Puts never did talk about it.
No.
And I'm not going to let up on his cigaretteo thing because he really pisses me off.
Of all the people in this market, he's the worst offender.
If he's not interested in just like the thing with when we had the breeders crown at Pompeno Park.
But I remember back in the years when they used to have the media race and he used to drive in the media race.
And he would make a big feature and we had to see Tony and Asalki.
And all of a sudden he was real interested in the harness racing, which he knew nothing about.
But we get the breeders crown and he gives us nothing.
And people are having to call up Bernie Rosen to go over there and whip him and beat him to give us like a little bit of coverage.
Because Tony is basically just a self-serving, self-promoting fool.
Blue hard.
Yeah.
All right.
And Tom to get his pants down from his damn armpits.
Yeah, what the hell are we supposed to watch for local news in the car?
Pizza hell out of me.
Yeah, that's pathetic.
Yeah.
Anyway, the blades.
Okay.
No.
See, how about the game blades?
Cool.
See ya.
Cool.
Two open lines.
And they're both in Dade County, the home of the new Miami hockey team.
Well, they're probably out partying like all day today.
They're probably stoned out of their mind.
Like any other Friday or any other day of the week.
7519-463-751-WI-OD.
Here's Tampa.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Speaking of incompetence on the airwaves down here, Ted Webb.
Joe Duskbag on FLA.
What a wicked web-weezed thing when we practiced to listen to FLA, yes?
He says yesterday on the radio, or the other day when Carl Barger died.
Yeah.
He says that for about six or seven seconds, he was actually looking for somebody to high five.
Hmm.
Duskbag.
Is that great.
That's about the 10th call we've had about some really grotesque, psychotic things that were said over there.
Nice.
I don't like them.
Yeah.
I was reading this magazine that comes out up here called Players Magazine.
Yeah.
And they're doing a feature this week.
They do a thing on radio.
And they talk about Bob De Carlo.
Bob De Carlo.
He says that you use his going home music.
He used to work with you.
I never worked with Bob De Carlo.
I was in trouble.
Well, that's what he said.
And they work with you down on Miami.
Oh, he's doing good.
Mr.
Maybe Thin D
D.O. There it is.
Touching. It is.
Have a good day, mate.
Not the call.
OK, thanks a lot, Pat.
Correct. See ya.
March shot is a piece of crap.
O.
Ellen Box was a normal man, with a nice home, a lovely family,
and a cushy job with his father-in-law's company.
Normal that is until just three weeks ago.
Hi, honey. How was your day?
Someone of an esoteric Monday, I feared,
will end up being buttoned on the list.
Let me see if I can't focus it in to the best of my ability.
Ellen Box is suffering from Bob Lasseter disease.
Are you feeling all right, Ellen?
Absolutely insane.
I see things that nobody else seems to see,
or at least cares to admit that they say.
Bob Lasseter disease attacks the central nervous system,
causing otherwise normal people to communicate like suicidal maniacs.
To hell with you today.
I don't want to talk to you.
What's more, Bob Lasseter disease is the one form of depression,
which is actually contagious.
God, just listing that voice, I want to jump off a building.
You're the lowest of the low, you're a snake, you're a scumbag.
Please send whatever you can today to post office box 1-800-
Devon Port, Iowa.
Honey, it's Friday night.
You know what that means.
Betching and mourning and screaming and hollering, please help.
What is obsession with hockey?
Oh, wait until you hear this fact, I just got it.
You're going to just pee in your pants when you hear this.
Neo Rodgers and big letters, hockey, hockey,
hockey, I'm sick of you talking about the world's most boring sport.
It will be a dismal failure, and the arena will be empty.
Why's it often talk about a popular sport like soccer?
Oh, God, give me a break.
These people were there's soccer.
Don't bet on it.
Yeah, right.
What I'd do with that is take your soccer ball and stick it with a moon don't shine.
And then we can get rid of the fight, Dell.
And then we can have hockey, night and Cuba.
Right, hockey, night and Cuba, right?
With the Havana Banana.
Jorge Mos, can only.
I'm sure there's a few goalies hidden down there.
Probably.
Maybe with the Haitians we can get a good goalie come in.
Possible?
OK, just looking out for some jobs down there.
OK.
Take it easy.
See ya.
Hi, boys and girls.
It's time for...
Pee-wee shopping tips, Valela.
Pee-wee shopping tips.
Today, we're going to talk about holiday shopping.
What do we?
What about the global recession?
Well, gloobie, the recession is beginning to peter out.
That's right.
If we all glad and spend a lot, we'll have this thing beat in no time.
So, this holiday season, by lots of cool stuff.
Wake, fake vomit and plastic dark poop.
Are my personal favorites?
I don't.
No, those retoys.
If you want to help the economy, go get mommy's purse or daddy's wallet.
Grab a big stack of dollar bills and then shoot the entire ward.
So long, kids.
Johnny likes it.
It's hard.
Okay, 1116 and WIOD on a diabetic coma induced Friday.
This sales...
And this is exactly...
This goes back to what I've been talking about all week.
Out of control.
Out of control.
Sales department...
Just when you think they hit rock bottom, they find another level.
Pretty soon, they're going to like dig out from underneath
wherever they are and find China on the other end.
Like a little baby chick crawling out of an egg.
They're like dig through the ground and look up.
How so, man?
Unbelievable.
It's not even 1120 yet.
We've had three food deliveries already.
Thanks to Andalusia Bake Shop, we know your stuff is great.
But if you people back in sales could coordinate because we can only have so many strokes
and so many bells, paulsy attacks and so many comas to keep you people in business back there.
Okay, it was all great, but there wasn't anybody in sales who told us about
any of this crap that was coming in today.
Okay, I mean about any of this great stuff that was coming in today.
Like I said, have some ham, Roger.
Well, no, seriously, it's too good to waste.
And like I said before, on the days when like George and I want lunch, period, that's it.
And they come in here with a couple of boxes of stuff.
Before the box even hits the counter in here, there are like 15 people like starving immigrants
lined up at the table.
On a day like today when we got more food than Carter's got pills
and we got all kinds of this beautiful big ham here
and we got all kinds of croissants and good stuff to make sandwiches and honey mustard.
We got a big for people who come in here and eat.
So thank God for a couple of real hazards like Steve Ziggler and Roger to be in here
and picking up the slack.
Lady in North Miami.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Well, I'm telling you once again my favorite glitonality.
I know I'm not sucking around and I do a green about 20th of Gradle.
You want sucking?
You ever heard and seen the Dan Marino show?
Oh, yeah.
It makes me sick.
Kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy.
The guy is really horrible.
I got a question for you.
Okay.
Tell me I'm wrong.
Do you know that Dan has to wear a body condom before he goes on that show?
Probably.
Yeah.
Don't tell me that they're going to put that insipid runnyory on until 10 o'clock
and kill me again.
Who said they're doing that?
Well, I heard something about you are not going to have the coming number 9 to 10.
Is this true?
Wait a minute.
Why?
I understood that being true.
No, no, no, no.
Will you listen to me?
That's an old tape and I was talking about when they had me coming in at 9.30
and doing that half hour live.
The 9 to 10 thing is solid until we put Howard Stern on it.
I mean, it's solid.
Well, thank God.
Yeah.
See, I want to tell you something.
If this company had any brains at all, they would have Hot 105,
which were taken over in a few days.
They'd have Howard Stern on the morning on Hot 105 faster than you can say douchebag.
Okay.
And make millions of dollars in corner of the whole market, AMFN, PM.
I mean, whatever you want, we have it and they're just too stupid to do that.
Probably.
And so they're going to let magic buy out Waxi.
That's the rumor and they're going to put Howard on the morning in Lauderdas Limbaugh
and who knows what they're going to do.
Oh my God.
That's the rumor.
Well, as long as I'm going to be able to keep hearing you.
See, and you know something, if this company put Howard on Hot 105 with Howard in the morning,
this is the only company in town that could do it without being abused by certain individual
morelust in town who would like to start writing to the FCC.
Uh-huh.
So you see if they would sit down and think about that and realize, yeah,
use a little bit of smarts, but no, they're not going to do that.
So to wind up with magic, uh, having Howard on and then there would be certain individuals
writing psychotic letters.
Oh, he said dickhead on the air and he said, let's be a dilatate and govern yourselves accordingly and all that crap.
God dammit.
This is supposed to be a free country.
Right.
Exactly.
But this is a bunch of garbage.
It's a bunch of shots.
I agree with you 100 percent.
Right.
And you keep up the good will.
And you have a good weekend, dammit.
And you do this with us.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, when I love the hockey.
See ya.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye now.
We have an open line today, the 751.
What if they ever consult with me about doing something that makes sense?
Because it usually costs money.
Oh, that kneel.
He wants us to spend money.
Oh.
Like in Tampa, God forbid.
What was ever the upshot shot of, well, I don't know what that word means anymore.
Is that a real word now, upshot?
I almost wanted to say it the other way around to like balance it out.
But what was the final deal with the Randy and SUN?
Are they coughing up a couple of bucks for her or what?
Because the day that Randy goes off SUN is the day that I take a long walk.
I'll tell you that like from here right downstairs to Gary Mills office to get my check.
Oh my, uh, fellow Hurricane fans down there at Romans.
They came to gonna kick some f**king ass in 93.
Don't forget it.
Oh Canada, you think that you're in love.
Oh.
You stole our all star game.
Cause your own sports really suck.
You've got dog sled runs.
You should lose with guns.
What a way to entertain.
And you fish for ice.
You think hockey's nice.
Cause it's playing without a brain.
Who can a dog?
Oh, nausea.
Give me my old star game.
I want it back now.
Cause baseball in Canada makes me a blow-chall.
1126 at WIO.
So do your friendly station for the 90s.
We have an open line in date.
751-9463.
I said to a sunny this morning, I said something about what station's gonna carry the hockey games?
Because QAM is already tied up with a heat.
And there'll be obviously a lot of conflict since they both are fall in winter sports.
And he said, maybe by that time WIOD will have the heat.
Now I have news for you, okay?
Not being an NBA fan.
If I had my druthers, if I had to choose between having an NBA basketball or hockey on the year at night on this station,
it's not even a contest, okay?
Forget it.
Let them have the heat over there.
The heat doesn't even show a thing on a Richter scale on QAM.
It doesn't even make like a little blip on the heart monitor.
South Miami.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, Neil.
Wait, it's to you.
I'm really happy about hockey and baseball and this town is starting to get something to get here.
We're starting to like a little hemorrhoid man which eventually grows into a gigantic grape.
We're starting to like just a little thing start to grow.
A little right in the tunnel somewhere.
But also, the reason I call this because for a year I've been working with this douchebag and he always comes in and makes me turn off the radio and put on this noisy squeaky jazz stuff.
Oh, great.
Well, what is he, some kind of a pseudo intellectual snob?
Oh, he's very much, but guess what?
For the last week, I got him over a year now.
He's been listening to you and cracking up and enjoying it.
Really?
And he says he's going to hold it against me if I turn him into a kneeling.
He's going to hold it against you?
He's going to hold it against you.
He's going to hold it against you.
I'd run like hell.
Yeah, well, that's true too.
But mainly that's what I wanted to say, but I'm really proud and happy and have a good one.
Okay, and you too.
Bye-bye.
See ya. See, it's never too late for anybody.
If they give the show a chance, everybody be listening.
Okay?
And let me say a one more time since Cheryl is standing in the room.
If this company had any brains, we'd have Howard doing mornings on Hot 105
since this is the only station in the market he could be on without being abused by certain dictatorial individuals.
Doesn't that make a lot of sense to you?
We'd have it made in the shade.
We got like a built-in thing there, man.
But oh, no, we don't want to put that out because it costs money.
And we want Hot 105 to be another cash cow for the sisters.
We don't want to have any staff and all you people at Hot 105, by the way,
good luck to you and your future lives and careers, whatever they are,
because it sure won't be at this place.
They're blowing y'all out, y'all.
Here's you put around the starline.
They meal.
Yeah.
Hockey, good, winery, bad.
That guy in the morning is so pathetic.
All he talks about is getting his car washed and then it's raining on it.
It's from Tuesday to Thursday, he talks about his car getting washed and how it's going to rain.
And he says it all over and over again.
Who cares about his car wash?
Yeah, but haven't he ever heard him talk about when the birds fly over?
Oh, yeah.
Okay, I got a quote what Mike said this morning.
He had his car washed by Spencer on Wednesday and a flock of Seagulls flew over and he said,
I'm getting a little tired of that crap, I can tell you right now.
Well, I tell you, I think he goes over his car all the time.
Well, hey, listen, have a great life, okay?
We know what, that's probably Jimmy Cephalo's boyfriend calling.
We have an open line in day, 751-1 on the starline at star IOD.
And we're doing it today.
I'll tell you that.
Here's Tallahassee, for example.
Hey, Palli.
How you doing, Sally?
Palli?
Tallah.
That guy was whiny.
Yeah.
I'm Palli, it was Cephalo's boyfriend just now.
Yeah, listen.
I have a shameless request, but I have a good reason for it.
Yeah.
Tomorrow I graduate.
Really?
Yes.
Nightingale.
About 35?
Tallahassee, Leon County Civic Center.
Graduate from what?
FSU?
Yes.
No.
Yeah, history.
Knock me down and kick me in the teeth, man.
Four and a half years, that's not bad.
And I'm doing it.
Yeah, with Mrs. Robinson probably.
Well, I heard a few other selected ladies.
But anyway, here's my request.
I want to hear a young Neil.
You haven't played it in years.
So in other words, you do want to graduate, is that what you're saying?
I want to graduate.
Yeah.
Then why did you do that?
Of all the cards, we must have, I would say, 3,000 cards in the studio.
Yeah.
Of all the ones you could have asked for, that's the one I absolutely will not play.
Why?
Because I don't, because it's boring.
It's tedious, man.
It's ponderous.
It's like Casey.
No, it's not like Casey.
It goes on and on and on.
But I want to tape it.
Is it on any of the Camilo's house stuff?
It's on the brand new Best of, as a matter of fact.
It's on this year's.
That should be an incentive since you're graduating
to a cut loose with 22 bucks.
All right.
I'll use some of my thousands of dollars I'm going to get.
Now, how about a second choice?
I got to go with the bridge tender.
How about young Neil?
Young Neil, I want young Neil.
Do you want the young Neil?
Yeah.
Well, it's the first time for everything.
Well, no, I don't do it.
Well, have a great day, man.
Don't be so defensive just because you're in Tallahassee.
You have a little sense.
You'd lighten up a little bit.
Yeah, just because you're up there with a bunch of Yahoo's.
Yeah.
I'm moving back to, you know, where?
Where?
I was waiting for your card there with Randy.
This guy, he wants to request, every card that we don't want to play,
he wants to program the damn show.
I don't know where the hell is the hell is the hell is the card?
Where the hell is the card?
It's not up there.
It's not there, George.
Where the hell is the card?
Oh, Jesus.
You must be the guy that comes in here every morning and pulls one card out.
And then you call me up and say, oh, I want to hear whatever one you pulled out of here.
It's like a conspiracy to drive me nuts.
Fire him.
Where the hell is it?
It's not here.
Well, I'm moving back there.
God, I could swear that the card was here yesterday.
Where?
There you go.
See you.
Good luck.
Wait, Neil.
Say goodbye, yes.
Wait my parents are driving up here right now.
I want to call them a bunch of...
Oh.
Gosh, I hope they give you some help.
Have a great time.
Take it, please.
See you.
God.
On and on and on and on and on and on.
He should be in at, uh, on and on and on.
Is what he should be in.
I think he's probably the goddamn founder and it is a bugging me for cards like...
What?
Now, back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGBA.
Here again, America's youngest dog show host, six-year-old Neil Rogers.
Okay, I guess we're done with Neil.
And there's four minutes left in the hour.
Let's take some calls.
The police.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
How's it going?
Great.
That's good.
Russell, I can't film my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle.
Uh, the good old DNC.
What an abortion that paper is.
Then I asked how many other people did likewise and they said, no, my business.
Yeah, well, they're real nice over there.
Okay, well, I just thought I'd let you know.
You're a fine American.
Have a nice life.
Hello.
Hello.
I want to speak to Neil.
You got him.
Am I on?
Yeah.
Neil?
Yeah.
Neil, you're a stinky pink old glue sniffing bedwaters at a pansy.
They call.
This is the day so far.
Did he say pansy?
I want to see it off.
What a mong bring.
I run my bike 30 miles every Saturday to the show and this guy calls me named.
She's on you, sir.
She's on you.
By the way, have you seen some of those back boys at the new AMP?
No, what are you cackling about?
Hey, good.
This is my son.
A million producers in the world and they stick me in here with an egg.
Shit is my car.
Sonica Castle.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
You're used to be such a nice boy.
And now you're so terrible.
Yeah, but you can't share it off.
You can't share it off.
I don't need this.
It offers from other stations.
Patavia, Almira, Fredonia.
But instead I stay here and entertain you grotesque sub-human dutabag.
Unbelievable.
Geneva, hello.
Hello, is this Neil Rogers?
What kind of phone are you on, sir?
How's that again?
Do you have a dial phone or what?
No, I had to put it to the operator.
Let's...
Let's...
Let's not get into that.
Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKBW last night.
Somebody asked you.
Did you hear what he's been saying about you?
No, I don't listen anymore.
He's a daughtering old man.
He claims he's only 40.
Yeah, right.
And Joey's being true and true.
Oh, shut up.
And you're pathetic.
And if you think he's bad now, what totally happened?
Oh, boy.
Okay, when we come back, maybe the egg will come out of his shell.
But I hope not.
Okay, did you get it, pal?
I sure hope so, because we're not playing it again till next year.
There we go.
I love it.
Instead of the old much too fast, we have the new very appropriately slow.
So we're never going to have an open line in Braw or again.
That's more their speed.
Now we're catching on.
Took a few years.
21 till noon at WIOD.
Oh, man, am I sick.
It was a good sick, though.
It was...
I felt so good coming in here this morning.
The hockey thing, and I felt like my ears are open.
I felt full of vinegar and the other stuff.
And then all this food started popping up all over the building.
And Pete D. Simone just came in here and shook my hand.
And apologized.
Yeah, come back in here, shake this, Pete.
Let's go to a poppano.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
I have three topics for you today.
Yes.
The hockey harness racing is a new key to race bike.
Yeah.
What do you think?
hockey, but could no till never have to leave.
They have their home sport here.
Yeah.
How about the harness racing?
Yeah.
No tax break.
We're gone.
That'll leave a lot of hope.
What are you doing?
Are you talking in shorthand?
Or are you...
This is the same guy that called as Jim Richie the other day.
That's right.
Yeah.
You're right.
Yeah.
Do the same more on you.
Just as boring today as you were the other day.
It's Joe Hartman again.
We have an open line in Broward 524.
So what's the story?
How come we haven't had a call?
You know, that's the thing that really frosts my can.
When I need somebody from poppano park to call in on that bat line
and let us know what the hell is really...
I mean, there's an article here old durus' quote of poppano may close
and the legislature hasn't done this and we don't have the tax break.
I mean, you know, we're just all sitting here holding the damn racing for.
We're holding a program waiting for Jeff Gregory to win another race.
And I don't think any of us can live that long.
Pembroke Pines.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey, I'm coming home yesterday here about the hockey looking front of me
on a bag of a tow truck, one of them French Canadian cars.
Oh, great.
Listen, I put on Richard Bay this morning.
He's all rained out.
Yeah, I heard they got some kind of a special on there.
What are they doing?
There are metal lands, parkways, underwater,
and Lloyd Lindsay Young stuck out in traffic
and telling everybody that it's raining and stuff.
Well, listen, I'm not exciting.
Yeah, and channel four you put on,
they don't tell you anything about hockey,
but they'll show you that it's raining in New York.
Well, listen, that's great.
And that it's snowing in Buffalo.
Yeah.
Like that's a bulletin.
How about Tony Cigreto, huh?
What an asshole, man.
I am so disgusted with him.
He's just a self-promoting clown.
Where did I get the...
Where did I get the...
You said it. Have a great day.
Okay, great day.
Here's a mobile in poppano.
How you doing?
Okay.
I went to the hockey game the other night and enjoyed the hell out of it.
Yeah?
You know what the best part was?
I don't know if anyone called it told you that in between the second and third period
they were having spectators come down and shoot the puck in the net.
Yeah.
And the like the...
I announcer for lack of a better term was Paul Castronoval.
Oh, yeah.
And he had a resounding round of booze.
He was a mess.
That's the truth.
Anyway, I'm so people will verify it.
It was great.
I love it.
It was great.
What a puffed up piece of shot he is.
Yeah, but you know, Wayne Izinga is God.
We should have wrecked the monument to this guy if I can say that.
By the way, you know who's always talking about Paul Castronoval
like he's his big buddy and calling him on the air?
Joey.
Joey.
So what does that tell you?
Losers of a feather flock together.
Little Joey or Joey Reynolds?
Joey Reynolds.
Oh, well that's who cares.
Yeah.
Well anyway, I just wanted to pass that bit.
Well now you got something to look forward to.
You got like 80 or what is it?
81 games they play, 82 something like that.
You got like a whole flock load for the after.
You really want to know the truth.
I live in Cooper City.
I can't wait for them to build that new stadium up by Joe Robby.
You and me both.
You and me both.
That would be the greatest thing and then I might even become a heat fan.
That's right.
I pray to God to heat come with them because you know my amoea arena is great
but who the hell wants to go down there every day?
Right.
But I would go to Joe Robby every day.
In fact going in that area it's like kind of like playing Russian roulette with a gun
that's got all six bullets out.
Yeah, you don't have much of a chance.
Thanks Neil.
Have a great weekend.
I am an imbecile.
I just noticed something that in one of your interviews with John Candy I believe it looked like
an older interview you had less hair than you have today.
How do you explain that?
I don't wear a wig sir.
Paint your ball spot.
What ball spot?
You paint your ball spot.
I don't know what you're talking about sir my hair grows.
You paint your ball spot.
I don't have a ball spot.
How come you had less hair on the tape?
Maybe my hair grew.
Maybe I had a bad haircut that day.
By the way something.
What do you care?
Paint your ball spot.
I don't.
Do you paint your ball spot?
Paint your ball spot?
I'm sick.
Have you ever smoked pot?
I don't have the answer.
I used to know it and I don't know it.
There is a formula but I don't know what it is.
Okay, well he's going off the air pretty soon so I figure we better get as much of the
kingmeister as we can.
He's going to be on daytime but not in this market and not in too many markets.
Boy is he in a dream world huh?
We have an open line by the way I just mentioned in passing since we do have like 8000 lines
but there is one little blue line in that is not lit at the moment.
It's very disconcerting at 524 and I do want to mention that at the home show at the Beach
Convention Center we got our Camilla South WYOD booth in the main lobby with all our
best of tapes and CDs and t-shirts 6 to 10 tonight, noon to 10 tomorrow, noon to 930 Sunday
and Monday from 1 to 5 and 6 to 10 in the PM.
So tonight, tomorrow, Sunday and most of the day on Monday, you can go by the convention
center on the beach and make an ice donation to Camilla South and pick up your good stuff.
Okay and our 18 T Camilla South Hotline is working now all across the state 1-800-852-006.
We got 55,094 and counting and we're doing pretty damn well.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Leo.
Yeah.
I got a name for our hockey team.
How about Miami Ice?
Okay great.
We have an open line.
Let's leave that to Norm Kent.
Okay.
I'm not going to spend four hours here today.
Wasted.
Oh God.
I mean, I just, I'm at a lack for words for these guys to get on the year and spend an entire
show.
Oh, we got some certificates here.
Let's give a certificate for the best name for the new hockey team and they spend like
hours.
Oh, I mean, that's such exciting radio.
It's enough to make me barf on my shoes.
Come on Norm.
God almighty.
He's surrounded by nothing but hate and homophobia and venom and psychosis on that station
and his best shot and I do mean shot is to come back and oh, let's name the new hockey
team.
Oh, please Norm, go to court and do a job for somebody who needs you.
Here's a mobile and beautiful Palm Beach.
Leo, what did you have to put in Randy's mouth to make your son like that?
I beg your pardon, sir.
You figure it out.
Okay.
That it?
That's it.
So help me.
Anybody that calls and suggests an aim for the hockey team, you're going to be gone so
fast.
That line.
What?
Norm can't.
Norm can't.
Yeah.
How good?
You don't have enough time on your own radio show?
Hey, listen, I'll give you $100 for Camille's house, but don't knock my Florida freeze.
I'm going to be there in the first few.
All freeze this, freeze this, my God.
You're on that station over there with all these right wing obnoxious homophobic asshole
geeks sitting around and playing grab ass with each other on a year all day and you're
on there.
Oh, what's the name for the hockey team?
Come on, Norm.
Hey, sometimes Neil, when they're, you know, when they're crushing, you just got to
laugh at them and stare in their face and come up with something funny.
The audience in the morning wants to be walking up to cheer, not bad.
I got news for you, Norm.
Your an audience ain't never going to wake up, okay?
Because in forest lawn, they're not waking up again.
Trust me.
Hey, I have 12 plus in my audience.
You got 95 plus.
All right, that, the donation to Camille's house just went down to 90.
It went up to 110 just for this call.
I'm telling you, once just to say something nice about me, just one.
I already said you're the best criminal attorney in the Eastern USA.
All right, I'll watch my East and USA.
You too.
Take care.
I will say something nice.
He's a great attorney and a good guy sometimes, but overgrown child.
I don't want to hear about your rotisserie baseball team.
I don't want to hear about your God.
I mean, talk about self-promoting about his sports memorabilia.
And I don't need to think you can even say Bailia or Bailia.
Can you say that?
I don't think so, especially if Alex is on the board.
Unless he wants another paid vacation.
Yeah.
Alex says I'll go for that.
Let's talk about a walking enus this afternoon.
And get another two-week vacation for $600, $700.
How much did you get?
Because it's a lot more than, George, $400.
See, I told you.
Told you.
Nine, nine, nine, nine.
He was on his Saturday morning at exactly 904.
But nothing could prepare me when I knocked on Riley's door.
He was drowsy, he was grubby, and in that need of a shave,
he was just about to put a cad in to the microwave.
I asked him to use the bathroom, and he said it didn't care.
He was reading the sun's ethanol, mean as underwear.
I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be.
And there was fix to crucifix a face for all to see.
I didn't seek salvation.
I had come to mold alone.
But I found Jesus in Rick Riley's chalk.
Yes, brother, Rick, he changed my life on that dental day.
Cos by the time I washed my hands, I'd washed my sins away.
Now I'll learn to be intolerant.
I'll watch Ted Robertson, and I'll vote for Ted.
You can't believe it if he doesn't run.
I'll pretend to be a hipster.
But my liberal days are gone.
Cos I found Jesus in Rick Riley's chalk.
But...
Oh, God!
Okay, Miramar.
I just want to call you and just tell you how ridiculous I think you're always.
I don't know.
I guess basically the only reason I ever listened to it is just to hear your...
Disgusting little views on everything.
God, you sound like you're just losing it.
You're coming apart of the seams.
I mean, like today, for instance, you're talking about this ice hockey thing in South Florida.
About what?
Ice hockey.
No, we don't have to call it ice hockey.
We just call it hockey.
Everybody knows it's played on ice.
Oh, you're skitting on thing ice right now.
Why don't you grow up?
If you don't like it, nobody's going to force you to go.
But don't start here dictating what my show should be.
And whether we should like hockey or not, go find a life you asshole.
God, what a stupid punk, man.
Now that I've been elected president, I just don't have enough time to chase babes
and listen to Neil Rogers one to two hour party on day.
Are you kidding?
Last month alone, I spent $180 bucks on condoms.
If you're on the babepot roll, safe sex can be a major budget item.
That's why you need to feed e7 condoms cleaner.
With dd7, a pair of gobs and safety goggles,
you'll be able to use your condoms again and again,
cutting your monthly bill by 85%.
Hey, Harry, look what I found in the parking lot.
Geez, Harry, what do you want to pick up something like that for?
Are you kidding?
With a little dd7, I'll knock half a buck off my monthly condom bill.
Pass me those safety goggles, will you?
You're still a virgin, aren't you?
Yeah.
No, dd7 condom cleaner.
And for you really big guys, try new dd13.
107 at WIOD or dd4 for the people in this place.
Let's continue moving along, singing a song.
When we're getting those trends from Tampa,
they must be really bad this time, huh?
Like about a point eight.
See, the hurricane month is dropping off this time,
so there are no excuses if it's really bad.
It means it's just a death wish, it's hopeless.
And based on what my gut feelings are about that particular market,
I think it probably is.
I don't have a bone spot.
This week on MTV's Unplugged Junus for the Mellow Sounds of Megatef.
I want to suck your blood,
and eat your flesh,
and kill your family.
I love death.
You'll hear their biggest hits in our all-acoustic format.
I'm a leopard from hell,
who feeds on human skin,
murder and evil are my only friends.
Armageddon's your violent end,
die, die, die.
That's right, this Sunday,
here are the intimate sounds of Megatef on MTV's Unplugged.
Or as I say in England, up-chuck and die.
Meteorologist Bob Subbers,
actor at Forecast here.
New stop radio 610.
Come with you, my O.D.
We're doing it.
We're crawling up there in Tampa, man.
We just got the numbers.
Tom Velvita is like changing his underwear right now.
We're starting to creep up a little bit,
and the interesting part of it is,
on the pages I'm looking at,
FLA had a great trend, they went up,
and we went up.
It's not the same audience.
I've told you that.
We're not interested in those old parts
who are looking for, you know,
the same old tired crap.
That's not what we want.
Now let's see, 25 to 54.
Overall, this is the whole day,
WSU went, goes from a 1-1 to a 1-4.
Mornings went down.
What does that tell you?
0.9 to a 0.6.
Middays from a 1-4 to a 1-8.
Wait till you hear nighttime.
Afternoon 1-2 to a 1-2 flat.
Night time, Randy.
I'm going to tell you something, Randy.
If you don't hit them for some serious money,
after this trend today, you're a wimp.
And I know you're not.
Night times 25 to 54 from a 0.9 to a 2-4.
The highest number of the day at night.
And that's incredible.
That's unbelievable.
Woo!
Man, 18 plus from a 1-5 to a 2.
The whole station of SUN.
Middays from a 2-1 to a 2-5.
Afternoons of 1-8 to a 2-3.
And nighttime from a 1-4 to a 2-8.
Oh!
Did I tell you?
I'm going to say something right now.
And I hope that Bob Green is listening.
I hope Bob Neil is listening.
I hope everybody, I hope Boy, Gary is listening.
And I hope the assholes, including Jeff Clark back in sales,
are listening, okay?
This garbage about getting the Miami heat on this radio station.
And all this other garbage at night.
You've got a goddess on there at night.
I'm not just joking about that.
This broad is great.
I mean, Boy, Gary stepped into a bucket of shot when he hired her.
It's just the greatest thing since sliced bread.
She's dynamite.
She's fun.
She's caught on.
She's a hit.
Like in the network.
Remember that?
He's a hit, damn it.
A big, big fat hooter hit.
And they want to clutter up the night.
Forget about all that sports, man.
It's a ton of work.
It's a loss.
It's not even a lost leader.
It's a lost loser.
Let QAM have it.
Let somebody else have it.
And stop with all this sports crap.
Make up your mind what you want to be.
If you want to be the entertainment station, man.
If you want this thing to fly, we can just kick smelly, gigantic butt.
But stop screwing up the thing with like with this game tonight.
Very university in the Miami.
Crowd of less than 2,000.
The game is on TV on Sunshine.
And we're carrying it on a radio because we get the
blackmailed in order to carry you in football.
We got to carry all this other stuff that nobody cares about.
Randy doesn't have really a show until Monday.
She'll be on after the game tonight.
And that should be like about 9 30 10 o'clock for like a brief hour hour and a quarter.
I hope during that period of time she takes these numbers.
