I am an ambassador. I have no pre-present.
News talk radio, 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To get in touch and talk with Neil, dial 751 WIOD from day.
Inbroward, it's 524 WIOD. Outside the 305 area code,
toll free 1-800-944-WIOD.
And Bell's health mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest's host are callers
and not necessarily those of this station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on News talk radio, 610 WIOD.
From our fellow Hurricane fans down there at Romans,
the Cains are going to kick some f***ing ass in 93 don't forget it.
Hey, believe this, this is Chris Robinson of the Black Cros.
And I used to weigh 92 pounds.
I was a calm man. Then I got on the slim crash diet.
Now I'm a deathly grim 48 pounds. It's great.
The slim crash diet is so easy. I have a deep breath for breakfast.
A deep breath for lunch.
An essential Marbrow cigarette for dinner.
The slim crash diet is fast. And look, no more shoving my fingers down my throat.
Like that fit.
Slim crash, the official diet of anorexic looking rock bands like the Black Cros.
From the makers of the Keith Richards Nutra heroin diet, abuse as directed.
This is unbelievable. Do you see this thing about Alphonse DiMotto?
I just saw this. It threw me off, man.
Senator Alphonse DiMotto, right wing Republican New York Senator,
came to Shock-John Coward Stern's defense on Tuesday calling recent FCC actions
of violation of free speech in a terse letter to outgoing FCC chairman Alphonse DiMotto
said what concerns me the most is the strong impression that these actions are being considered
because of political pressure from narrow interest groups.
I therefore urge the commission to reject these narrow-minded calls for punitive actions
against Mr. Stern and to preserve our constitutionally guaranteed freedoms.
How do I like that?
I am an imbusel.
Right.
That is incredible.
Even while he's alright, the model, he's kind of like Casper Milk Toast.
So anyway, Adam is over there at Flora's right now as we speak.
You can go there immediately between now and six.
Boy, he's going to have a long, exciting day, right?
And get your Camilla's house stuff, your best of Neil and best of Rick and Suz,
your CDs, your cassettes, your T-shirts, our total is 50,965 big ones going into the day.
I want to have a big day over there today, man.
Keep Adam busy and buy some stuff, too, alright?
And look at that!
Look at that!
I can't believe it.
We got our new 800 lines in today.
We're like covering the state and I talked to our friends in four Myers.
I talked to those geeks.
Now they're pretty good guys, actually.
What's their name?
Frickin' Frack, Joe and Stan.
On WRXK, K-Rockin' for Myers this morning.
I was on with a few minutes.
Then I was on with a guy from the newspaper over there who was a little slow,
but a good guy, a little slow, like a hell-o.
But that's going to be exciting Monday when we start in four Myers.
But now we got actually like the date people don't have to get screwed over.
They don't have to get short-changed, although many of them were at birth.
But they don't have to, because they got their own lines and Browards even got their own lines as usual,
which of course nothing's going to happen there.
And we got the now three actual working functioning, amazing, puking, green,
800 lines for like everywhere in the state outside of Dayton Broward.
Look at that.
God is that exciting, huh?
So I guess everybody's going to want to talk about David Letterman today, right?
That's going to be the big topic.
David, you know what CBS is going to do?
The same goddamn thing they did with baseball.
Remember CBS wanted to get baseball away from NBC?
So they paid millions of dollars and they lost their ass.
And now they're going to give David Letterman 16 million,
because there's no way that NBC is going to make a counter-offer, because a Leno only gets 3 million.
And CBS is going to get Letterman, they're going to give him 16 million.
And even if he beats Leno, which he probably will, even though I think he's highly overrated,
if I dare say that to our punk-induced audience, I really do.
He's okay. He's got his moments, but it's much you do about nothing, you know?
And 16 million, how are they going to bring back that revenue at that time of night?
They're going to have to do like Sally does.
It's just one break. Take a break. Take a break. They come back for 20 seconds.
Take a break and her head is spinning and her little pink glasses are puking off her face.
There's no show. It's just like one break after another, kind of like this show.
So that's going to be just incredible.
How they ever going to make back $16 million for David Letterman doing a late night show?
Just the revenue I don't think is there.
But hey, and the Marlins are really doing it.
We got Dave, excuse me, I'm not hitting too much anymore, Magadine.
Charlie Huff, Charlie Huff who's 45 years old.
What is Wayne Huzinghi thinking about, man?
And tonight we got the big hockey game which it's going to be close to or maybe even a sellout at the arena.
So grab up your tickets now and go see the lightning and the Rangers.
Lightning are due to beat somebody, right?
Just out of revenge, sake, to beat the Rangers after shutting out my leaf six nothing on Sunday.
Beat the crap out of the Rangers tonight, guys.
Okay, do it. Do something.
Wake up and step the daffodils at 730 at the arena tonight.
So we had a lot of crap going on, but I just can't look at look at the we got all these colored lines in here now.
We got your yellow day lines and your blue.
Broward their blue because they're sad.
Blue is like a sad because they're never lit like now.
Oh, there they go.
There goes one must be a wrong number and the bat line and the star line and the three 800 lines, which are all lit.
That is shocking.
This is the this is the day we turn the corner.
This is the day we just stick our thing out the window and find out which way the wind is blowing.
But don't open the window because they got the helicopter from Channel 7 on the launching pad back there.
Did you smell it?
Go out in the hall and smell the gas.
It's coming in through the air vents and we're all going to be sick as crap if they don't get that damn helicopter.
Send it over to Somalio.
Okay, put Rick Sanchez on there and let him squat over the country.
Are they doing that yet by the way on Channel 7 news?
Are they squatting over the map?
Anybody see the CBS movie last night at 9 o'clock with Patty Duke?
That was a great movie.
True story.
I'm not too much into those things unless it's a true story.
But it was a true story about how the girl jealous of her best friend since like she was five years old.
And she and her other psychotic bitch friend, they killed her and then they blamed on somebody else and then she moved in with the mother.
What a story.
Just a gut wrenching story.
Patty Duke by the way is a great actress.
She's good.
And Loretta Switt looks like she's been mummified.
Doesn't she?
She looks like she's in Madame Tussauds Wax Museum and they got like made her into a dummy.
They got a ventriloquist.
Did you see that movie?
Great movie.
But doesn't Loretta Switt look like brittle?
Like she's a mummy.
She's a...
But I thought Patty Duke was really good.
Anyway, I'm sure nobody watched that.
They were probably too busy watching something.
Probably like the comedy channel.
We have two open lines on that board.
We got this big bank of flowing lines and look where they empty one.
Now you really stand out, Broward.
Now that we got like all these extra lines, they stand out like a sore thing, man.
Look at that.
But we don't need them anymore.
That's a good part.
We don't have to bitch about Broward because we don't need your calls anymore.
Here's a lady on the star line.
Hello.
Hi, hello.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I need some information, Neil.
This is Information Wednesday.
You came to the right place.
Great.
First of all, where can I go and personally pick up neon-rodges, unbelievable t-shirts?
Right at this moment, you can go to Flores on 79th Street just east of Biscayne Boulevard.
You know, Flores of Pizza and Italian.
Unfortunately, I'm way down south.
How about anything little closer down southway?
No.
Can't do it.
Can't do it.
But you can call.
And if you've got a visa or a master card, you can call.
I do do.
Huh?
How long are they taking to get out?
Too long.
Because you probably wanted for Christmas, right?
It's right, absolutely.
Well, come on up to Flores.
You got nothing else going on today.
Well, you're right about that too.
Well, come up.
It's just come up to 79th Street and go just across Biscayne Boulevard east.
And it's like a block or two east of Biscayne on the left hand side as you're going east of the road.
You can't miss it.
Okay.
Well, it's like a landmark.
Flores has been there for about 100 years.
Well, they have these identical twins on Bob U-Banks today on whatever channel this is.
And I can't pay any attention to the show.
And they got this hot babe that they just sat down in the middle.
I think we're going to have like a three-way here in a second.
Hmm.
So after you're done at Flores, stop by and we'll let you see the tape.
Got you.
Okay.
Thank you, my mind.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Wow.
You know what they say about identical twins, don't you?
I said that to Georgia to give me like a blank stare.
Well, they say that they like kind of, you know, check things out with each other.
That's what they say, but it's probably just a rumor.
We have an open line on the Starline.
Can we watch at Star-I-O-D?
Here's, why aren't we using these other lines?
Huh?
Come on, let's get these people on here to hell with these pedestrian local assholes.
Tampa.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was wondering if maybe between the, during the commercials between that movie, if you happen to hear Randy Rhodes show last night.
No, I did not.
Oh, I had a frantic call from Randy last night, but I calmed her down.
Okay.
He's getting a little psychotic.
Yeah, she was upset because of, uh, as you were, I was going to take her off the air.
No, they're not going to take her off the air.
Oh, she was saying they weren't going to pay her her money or something.
Oh, she went into this on the air?
Huh?
She went into this on the air?
Yeah.
Good.
Good for you, Randy.
Well, she, I told her to just be patient that they're putting some major things together over there.
And if she'll just calm down a little bit and stop trying to be psychotic, then in a couple of months, she's going to be making the big bucks like a hundred or two hundred a month, you know.
Well, she, what she did is she had the pay of the bitch foundation and gave the phone number to call Velvita.
Yeah.
And, uh, I called this morning and apparently according to the secretary, they had a massive amount of phone calls.
Good.
And they're going to pay the bitch.
Are they really?
Yeah.
Great.
Hey, add a girl, Randy.
Stick it up there and know his man.
Up to you.
What they want to do is they're trying to whore off of us and make a radio station for nothing.
And they're doing it for next to nothing already.
So let him cut loose with a few bucks for crying out loud.
I have never seen such a bunch of cheap mixtures.
And, you know, I was on the phone this morning at nine o'clock with the guys from the FM in Fort Myers, the sister station of WWCN that were going on Monday in Fort Myers.
And they were treating me like royalty, man.
And it was exciting.
We're going to have you over here and then the guy from the Fort Myers newspaper called, I mean, they're playing the thing up so big in Fort Myers.
You think it was the biggest thing that ever happened since Polk Ahanis dropped your thing on the ground.
And, uh, Tampa, man, we're having a work like crazy to get these assholes off the ground.
Right.
I talked to Tom Belvita and the new GM there this morning and they sounded like they were in a coma.
Yeah.
But that's Cox Broadcasting.
See, that's the one thing I learned five years ago.
You just have to keep beating him over the head and screaming and yawning.
And eventually they finally just give up.
Now, I heard another rumor that I, uh, IUD or IOD was going to be sending a direct signal towards Tampa or something like that.
Is that...
We're sending a direct one?
Yeah.
A direct signal.
How the hell do you do? What do you mean by that?
I don't know.
Boothed up the signal so that we could pick the Miami.
Well, all would be the purpose of that.
You mean, so then we could get it off of that signal.
We can't goose up our signal.
Well, screw as you, man, and just come right out of Miami into Tampa.
We can't do that.
Until we go like a hundred thousand watts, that's when our sights get out when they start forgetting about all that stuff.
January 20th, we're going a million watts.
Hey, yeah.
Okay, listen, thanks for the great news, man.
Okay, have a good rest.
Randy is a goddess.
All right.
Have a great day.
Look at that, man.
We got an open line on the 800 line.
This is exciting now.
See now, I don't even care about Broward anymore.
Scrum!
They just want to sit back and be passive.
That's what they're best at.
That's what they do the best.
They drop this open and never stand up again.
He is still world's biggest asshole.
Tom Denimer.
Tom Denimer.
Great timing, man.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You bet. See how he just flew out of the control room just before I came back on the air?
You're not fooling anybody, Tom.
By the way, a lot of happy birthdays.
December is birthday month here at WIOD.
December 5th was John Freeman's birthday.
Is he still around here?
December 6th was George's birthday.
December 8th, Alex and Rudy.
Rudy Renaud.
Who's Rudy Renaud?
In sales?
Rudy?
Which geek is that?
Which sales hole is that?
I don't know who that is.
Today, Phil Costin and Nolda.
Can we feed Nolda today?
You think we get enough food in here to feed Nolda for a whole day?
Even Sally Struthers would be embarrassed by that.
And December 25th, Sonny Hirsch and Scotty McCullough, Scotty Mack.
And December 29th, Becky Sobeck.
So it's birthday month here at WIOD.
And how come they're having the cake in the lounge and the celebrity lounge today downstairs at three o'clock after some of us are long gone?
Huh?
How come they're having with probably is a very expensive, delicious, fattening, puke sugar-inducing,
and a cake after we leave, trying to tell us something.
A mobile and lake worth?
Morning, Neil.
Yes, sir. How you doing?
I'm bad. How about them Red Sox?
You're on one of our new green lines, man.
This is the most exciting day of my life.
That's great.
Every one of these lines is lit.
It makes you wish we had like 500 lines and got them all in up and could make people wait like two days to get on the air.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah. The Red Sox took a big step toward the Panic in Bankhead yesterday.
Scott Bankhead?
Go ahead Bankhead.
Talula Bankhead?
Come on, seriously.
It might as well be Talula Bankhead.
Let me ask you a question.
What's that?
Am I the only one that's getting nauseated by this revolving?
Nobody knows who the hell.
Every day you open up the paper, okay?
David Cohen's with the royals now, and Jim Abbott's with the Yankees now, and who else?
I mean, it doesn't make any sense.
Every star from every team is like all over the place, and Maddox is going to be...
And how do you like that maniac Maddox who turns down?
What was it?
$35 million, because he wants $3 million more?
Greed.
Is he out of his mind?
I don't know how anybody can really be a true baseball fan when, you know, one day they hear the next day they're gone.
I thought prostitution was illegal except in Vegas.
Of course, Maddox is from Las Vegas, so maybe that's where he's getting coming from, you know?
But other than that, what's the story?
These guys are nothing more than horrors.
Well, we picked up a Yvonne Calderon in a trade.
How's he been doing with the expose last couple of years?
Forget it.
He only hits against the Cubs.
You think he'll hit at least 20 homers with the Red Sox?
No.
You know, here probably get Jack Clarkson room.
It would probably be bankrupt in six months.
It seems like everybody at any time they get...
And how about the Marlin signing Dave Maggadon?
Who's, you know, that's at least the player we know.
But how about Charlie Huff?
Charlie Huff is old enough to be your grandpa.
The age list of Charlie Huff.
He could be Nolan Ryan's father, he's so old.
I can't wait to see those knuckle balls come floating in at Joe Robbie.
There's going to be a lot floating in at Joe Robbie, because I'll be there.
How about floating out too?
Okay, listen, have a great day in the Go Sox.
You do.
Not?
Okay, yeah, Red Sox are all right, they're just ugly.
God are they ugly.
Bring back, who's that third baseman for the Red Sox?
What the hell was his name?
It'll come to me.
Man, any second it might.
Open line on the out of town line, 1-800-944-W-I-O-D.
You guys are free now, man.
You got it made in the shade.
Tampa and Clearwater and St. Pete and Palm Beach
and all over the damn place.
Daytona and Deltona and Fort Pierce.
And they probably still won't call.
But it looks flash.
Major flash here.
Yes, there's just been a grave announcement in the houses of Parliament in London.
Oh, no, it's a facial.
Prime Minister John Major announced that Chuck and Die are separating.
Really?
You will have leather details.
Okay.
John Major in Parliament.
You know, those British people, and I'm sure we have some of them listening.
The biggest bunch of pansies on a face of the earth, they are.
Now, seriously, they are so ridiculous.
They're living in the dark ages.
They're the biggest bunch of prudish, ridiculous assholes.
And unfortunately, that's where we get this whole tabloid mentality.
We inherited all the bad things that go on here from them.
All this uptight crap about sex.
All this obsession with the, the, the, the, this royalty crap.
What the hell is that all about?
With kings and queens.
Huh?
Morning news, traffic and weather.
Tomorrow morning here.
New storm, radio six, 10.
Well, what?
Come with you, IOD.
Hi, this is Jim.
Love your show, Neil.
Love you.
Love you.
Why away, baby?
1040 at WIOD.
And the starline just went out.
Look at that.
I was just about to say, and we were going to go to the starline next.
And I was just going to say that it's almost sexual excitement inducing to look at all those multi-colored
things.
And I was just about to say that it's almost sexual excitement inducing to look at all those
And I was just about to say that it's almost sexual excitement inducing to look at all those
And I was just about to say that it's almost sexual excitement inducing to look at all those
things.
And I was just about to say that it's almost sexual excitement inducing to look at all those
things.
And I was just about to say that it's almost sexual excitement inducing to look at all those
things.
And I was just about to say that it's almost sexual excitement inducing to look at all those
And it's almost sexual excitement inducing to look at all those
things.
And then what that happened?
Well, unless you're taking your pictures in the world telephone booth and not
so much as people take them in hiding.
And then what they saw yourself?
He saw people taking his picture with the vulgar guy that they tried for the weekend.
He saw people taking the picture with the vulgar guy that they tried for it.
She was usually about sitting in this look.
And it's almost sexual excitement inducing to look at all those photos.
A very cold pose.
Hello, color ridge is gone. Yes. Oh, man. Sorry about that. You're the living stuff out of me.
Scared the shot out of me. Yeah, well, I'm scared of shot. Listen to yourself as you sound like it. Almost so. So K-Posso pal. What's up?
I'm watching you doing big news. I'm doing great today. I feel tremendous. My ears are opening up my everything's opening up. There is okay. That's good air. Yeah
Didn't you? Hey, I got a grape to play a bone to pick. Let's here. Let's pick it together pal. This is
I want to nominate Rick Riley for the first annual
Tank Goldberg Kissy Face Award. What do you do now? He's always sucking around with those people that call about Star Trek. Oh
I'm in the bus. He had some guy on the other day talking with
About some kind of collection he has. Yeah, and they're gonna be worth all kinds of money. Well, he has no scolias this guy
I'm Tony. That's his problem if you could ever grow like just a little one just the beginning of what I might develop into something serious
He has no scolias whatsoever
And we've had him surgically checked and there is no evidence of any growth or the scolias. Have you got anything about Jimmy?
Stuff? What are they gonna get him off of there?
Beats a hell out of me. I like the ultimate fascist. I think he's like a I don't know some kind of secret agent
Really? He has been here probably. He's so boring man. I can't deal with it in the morning. Yeah
I got a request. Yes, sir. This is the real reason I heard this is the real reason you called
But you did some nice for play before he got into it. Go ahead
And I don't know what you're gonna play it on. I've heard other people
Well, what is it the Casey case and tape? I've heard so much about it. I've never heard it
Oh, we played all of time. You mean the one with the dog? Yeah
It's in the machine now if you say goodbye real quick. All right. Just any George your
SPL unionized wage sucking douche bag say goodbye
Up to our long distance dedication and this one is about kids and pets and a situation that we can all understand
Whether we have kids or pets or neither it's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio and here's what he writes
Dear Casey this may seem to be a strange dedication request
But I'm quite sincere and it'll need a lot if you play it
Recently there was a death in our family. He was a little dog named Snuggles
But he was most certainly a part of let's come start again
From coming out of the record play the record, okay
Please
See when you come out of those up-tempo damn numbers man is impossible to make those transitions
And then you got to go into somebody dying
You know they do this to me all the time. I don't know what the hell they do it for but damn it if we can't come out of a
Slow record. I don't understand it is down on the phone
Okay, I want to damn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a
Up-tempo record every time I do a damn death dedication
Now make it and they also want to know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week
It's a god last damn time. I want somebody who's a
Brain to not come out of a damn record
That is that's up-tempo and I got to talk about a
Tintor dying
What is this and ponderous man ponderous and ponderous so anyway
Just talk to Adam down at floris. He said get your asses in gear and they've raised a little money already this morning
But we need a lot of people to come by there and cut loose with the with the change, okay?
And also at the home show this weekend Friday through Monday
We're gonna have a W.I.O.D. Kamilis house booth set up there in the Miami Beach Convention Center at the home show
Where we ought to be able to raise tons of money. We'll have all our Kamilis house goodies there Friday through Monday
So I'll get with the program
By the way the entire state will be pleased to know that I said asshole on the FM and four Myers this morning
They were very enthused about it because they work for some
We have an open line at day 751 and one of the out of townlines 1 800 944 W.I.O.D
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Yes, hey nail next to talk to you and I'm on to tell you about a French Canadian attack
Uh-huh. I was at my public grocery store last night and they had a taste affair
Where they have samples hands and beef and eggnog and apple cider and they were tasting it
Yeah, they were there in full force
I mean they were all dressed up like they were going to a wedding or whatever and I'd say there was at least 50 cars in the
parking lot with Canadian tags on them and
It was the biggest event of the year for them on because it was Fouillmann. They want to be Fouill
Oh, they were they were and they were all smiling and and standing around just like they were standing at a bar
I think we should take all the food away from the French Canadians and set it to Somalia
Wouldn't that be fun if it around one step starved it that I would go for a big time
That's an excellent idea you bet. I'll suggest that to my manager. Okay. Take care. Neil. Bye-bye. See you. Here's a pember pines. Hello
Still yes, sir. I know better than call the day you get a new line
What is it? I should know better to call the day you get a new line two-to-old wire like an unfold again
No, we're not we're just we're doing them in order pal
We're trying to get everybody in but now that we have the extra lines
That means you can wait like extra long, which is great
I can't wait to find out by the way
I want to say this before I forget it
I'm not doing it on your time, but I will anyway norm Kent on the light bulb calls me at home yesterday
You talk about ripoffs you talk about stealing letterman with the top 10 lists and all the other crap
You talk about Joey stealing one of the people's material norm Kent calls me yesterday to tell me in a very
Sheepish and embarrassed way that he is stolen the term bull shot from me and is using it on the air
Now can you believe that that's your lawyer shameless display my good friend an attorney and I'll see him in court stealing
Words from me get a better lawyer and sue what a shot head
So anyway anyway
No one's talking about Barry bonds. I mean everybody's calling them a jerk because he turned out
You see that right did you see the press conference yesterday? No, oh you didn't see it. I saw when he was in tears
And he was all choked up and will he maize letting him use his number again?
That was really all in his childhood here and the tears were just flowing man
I thought he was gonna float away like a freak analysis in Wonderland. Yeah, he was crying all the way to bank
Yeah, I mean he was like just like a child
In salt and uncle he turned down how dare he turn out 35 million
I'm gonna tell you something just wait till he's played about a month out there and at freezing wind and rain and cold and nasty
And it got like 3,000 people in the stands. He's gonna be he's gonna be really ruined the day until he until he gets his check
That'd be that's like when I come in here every Thursday
And I think oh Jesus am I still here at this crap hole working for these nose pickers and then they bring me the check and I say
Yeah, it's not that bad. I'm still and I'm worried about the the penguins. I mean they're using that in first place
Usually they have to come home behind. Oh give me a break the penguin the penguins are so dominant that they're just like
Smirring the whole league. Yeah, but they don't know how it is to be in first place is early this season
They're gonna be they might get too cocky. Yeah, so to speak so to speak
Look in the look in the Northwest plus section. You got chance under street scene. Yeah, about a drug bust and son arise
Oakham Park
Read it in the brakes on time. You'll find it unbelievable. Okay. All right. See you open line at Broward 524 and 2 on our
300 lines there've been people on there, but they're very impatient if you notice that what the hell is their story is eight working?
Yeah, that's working so I don't know what the why that one doesn't ring the 10 keeps ringing
1 800 944 wiod now today is your day to put up or shut up on those 800 lines because we pay the freight on that too
That's the thing that's pretty interesting. Here's Tampa. Hello
What do you mean we just put it in? No, I'm talking about for this area. Yeah, we just put it in over here
You're the only one calling on there right now
You should have heard last night Randy's last roll up there's throwing up one after another. Yeah, I mean she's going crazy
Yeah, she's like yeah, they don't pay me enough. Well, she's right. She's right
They expect to put her on and I'm supposedly a major market Tampa
They don't want to pay her because she's an unproven commodity. What kind of an excuse is that for their cheap abhorrent disgusting behavior over there?
That they just want to horror us and use us and manipulate us
It was a thing you got think I can't understand is why hasn't unless you one gun the money together
I know they're like a there's a post to be like you this big time station for cops broadcasting everything
Why haven't they got away there to buy it to buy a local talent whoever said that they were big time
They said that at one time somebody said that they were
Oh, that's the funniest thing they've ever said in this company. Oh, if you were you were listening to Randy last night
No, because she had this one car owner who said that they have promo for you on WF LA TV
No, it's not a promo. It's a spot in WF LA TV is we've been through this before isn't owned anymore by the people at on the radio station
No, I know that yeah, but still seeing it was amazing
Yeah, they actually bought some spots there
They have a pretty crappy week spots, but at least they spent a little bit of money
So the least they can do is give some to Randy. Yeah, Pascok County pig report. Yeah, we were going down
You we're going up to us 19 of the spring hill and
Hernando County and we were at the stoplight and all of a sudden right behind us who pulls up I share I share a stepy decar
This is a night and once the light turned green everybody started moving we moved about we started to go
The share of all this horn everybody kept moving all of a sudden
But we hit this light's average creatures do a whole he knows us for a huge ticket
And and we're going
It's like $80 tickets for like running a row. That's not bad. Come on call up us
You went I'll give you the 80 bucks. They're loaded over there. No problem. Yeah, right Randy will write you a check
Don't do it again pal
Okay, see okay, that clears out those new eight. This is the whole big
Simons we made about having three 800 lines. They're all empty everything else is lit. They're empty
There is nobody listening. Thank God. We got four Myers coming on you mark my word Monday
We're gonna have some action and maybe a caller to one eight hundred nine four four W. I. O. D
It's sitting there. This is D day. This is like going to the lightning game, man and just waiting for something to happen
South Florida zoos traffic and weather station here's a Neil Rogers on news talk radio
Six death W. I. O. D
Pass me some of that cool. I'd like to
Available for the first time a special instructional series that will teach you to play mouth guitar
Er, you never learned to play a musical instrument, but that's okay in no time
You'll be playing mouth guitar learn these classics of the mouth guitar smoke on the water
That's a
Spectrum
And in it got a divida the long version
At a little reverb
Buzz tone
Wow
Country mouth guitar
Order now and get this special bonus the quintessential desk drummer
Mouth guitar and desk drumming no batteries, amplifiers chords or talent required
Drum this okay, it's 11.06 at W. I. O. D. We're back on a very a momentous Wednesday
It's the day that our whole new phoenix system just explodes right into your radio
It's a day that to die and Charles. You know the one good thing about this is
Finally, we don't have to keep hearing about this all the time
I'm not about you, but I am so sick and tired of hearing because quite frankly
He is as he's got ears like Ross Perot and I mean looks like I'm a walking matchstick and she
She's got like not a bad face, but she's got a body. She like Wendy Bennett. I mean just
Flat as a pancake
Even ancient Mima can't believe it right how it I'm gonna tell you one thing if the response on David Letterman
Going to CBS on this show today is any barometer. They're gonna take a bath again that you wouldn't believe
I mean they're just gonna go in the tank again
I
Don't understand what the big deal is with him. I'm sorry. He's mildly amusing
He does some off-the-wall interviews Paul Schaeffer. I could puke from okay, and I don't care how many times he's been married
And how many times his girl he's got girlfriends he looks like he could float away like Peter Pan on a bad day, okay?
And he's just he reminds me of bird junior. Oh, sorry bird
He does you reminds me of bird junior and
You know and it's okay, and I think it was like a cult thing for that late-night following
I think that and I think they're gonna be very amazed and she grant I could be wrong
But I think they're in for our big surprise
Tampa hey Neil yes, sir. I was wanting to get
Address for that Camilla house
For me so I could
Don't eat somebody. Yeah, how about the phone number?
The where on 11 charge card. Oh
Just to send it and make the check out to Camilla South C.A. M.I. L. U.S
Senate to W.I. O. D Miami 3 3 1 4 1
Okay
Got it. That's it. They're folks. Okay, thank you
And don't forget Adams over there right now at Flora's waiting to get fed and waiting for you to come by with tons of money
Didn't sound too exciting when I talked to him last hour
It didn't sound like we had too much action going on over there
Which if that's the case I'm gonna be psychotic because we've done that a couple of times over there before in the past
Always had a tremendous response a lot of people came by a lot of people bought their t-shirts and their tapes and their CDs and their crap and donated some big bucks
We got 50,000 965
And there's no reason we shouldn't do at least four or five grand over there today
He's gonna be the little six o'clock this afternoon man
Just waiting for you to come by and let loose with some and some cash too. Here's a four-letter deal. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Yeah, I live in San Francisco
Six months here and 49er fan and I live here the other six months here 49er fan well. I have season tickets area
And wow
We come down here during the winter and but I just have an observation I love football
But you said about Clayton is true
But if you notice one thing marinos got the fastest release in football the Clayton and Dupert are no longer going over the middle like
Rice and Taylor still do and they don't they don't like going over you don't want to get hit that's right
No, when they get you want to get a big paycheck, but they don't want me
They get you
Well, if a rice gets the biggest paycheck and you see him he's over the middle he's talking right right on target man and
I agree with you 100% they had to start banks and Martin and
They'll go over the middle and when he gets the big rush marino
He'll release the ball faster than anybody else and I mean just seems very simple of me
I'm only what's the Dolvin's last month down here, but no moss for the Clayton
I sure that's what I say no moss no more the crap no more with the shades no more hot dogging no more the big mouth
No more the device of crap sit his ass on a bench and let him cool his damn obnoxious heels and let's get some guys out there who are gonna do it
Yeah, it's unbelievable. It just seems like
Either they just took you know when they were younger all those those both of those guys were going over the middle of making the John Taylor
Type runs after the catch, but now they say I'm getting money
I don't want to hurt myself and go straight down field when a flight pattern. Well, there's not enough time to win a flight back
Yeah, so that's my observation on the dog Tom. We got their fly over here. Okay. Okay. Have a great life
Thank you coming Friday the 13th on ABC. It's the Jason Christmas special
Frosty the snowman is dead
Join Jason's guest Freddie Krueger Michael Myers the Mab slasher dancers and Julia Child who whip up a Christmas surprise
First we reach inside here and Yankees and Gus out of this turkey
Could I do that hand me that but your night for yeah and
Watches Jason spends a warm Christmas moment with his family was the night before Christmas and all through the house
Everybody was dead even the mouse
It's the Jason Friday the 13th Christmas special in colorful spider vision
So let me ask you did Wayne and Marie go to a to Georgia get those Vidalia onions. I think they did together
Bravo six. We got two lines open on our big humongous bleeding board here and they're both of course in
Broward at 5249463. I want to read this again. This is the best piece of news
This is almost it almost offers hope like for the human race
Like for the future of mankind
This is from USA today Senator Alphonse de Mata Republic of New York came to shock shock Howard Stern's defense on
Tuesday calling recent FCC Commission actions of violation of free speech the FCC
1150 $5,000 fine against an LA radio station claiming Stern show was in decent is also considering
$900,000 finds against his employer infinity broadcasting in a
Terce letter to FCC chairman soon to be gone al-Sykes
The motto says what concerns me the most is the strong impression that these actions are being considered because of political pressure from
narrow interest groups I
therefore urge the Commission to reject these narrow-minded calls for punitive actions against mr.
Stern and to preserve our constitutionally guaranteed freedoms. Oh, yeah. How do you like that?
God frightening isn't it?
W. I. O. D. George is attacking the food
Hello, is this Neil? This is me. I picked you up cold because George is not these in here
Potsking around with the food
I called from Tampa because Randy has been on tape up here for a couple of nights. What's going on?
No, she's on tape on the night. You don't know how lucky you are
She's on tape the nights when we're carrying this awful you and basketball over here and she's not on live
So while a basketball game that nobody gives a flying leap about is on W. I. O. D. the
Suenlisters are lucky enough to at least get the best of Randy and hear her voice and hear something as opposed to a basketball game that there aren't
14 people in the entire world interested in singing including the players
No, I'm serious if you had any idea how stupid it is that we carry you and basketball and baseball during the week
It is just an affront to anyone's intelligence and it's a real good indication that Mike Disney was a moron
Take her go along with that well, when is she is it over? No, it just started. Oh
She's for how long that's what I say. Oh shot. Oh, yes. I don't know goes out for months and months and now she's on tonight
Live and in person she'll be on it. I'll keep you abreast every day so you can be prepared for it
You're so good. Okay, all right and so were you listening last night?
Yes, but only in and out of a car was she was on tape what she was on tape
She was on tape over their last night. I think so
I was at night before that no the night before we had the basketball game
I wrote test horrendous just puke inducing basketball game. Yeah, exactly
She's so good. I wish I hope nothing happens and you you know
She's gonna stay on they're gonna give her some big bucks up there or I'm walking out
I'll tell you that right now they're either gonna come up with a like a 25 30,000 a month for Randy up there
I'm saying audio's
Have a great day
Bye-bye. I see wasn't that good that I picked her up cold she had to wait and probably would have hung up and we never would have gotten Iran
We do have an open line on the Tallahassee line
Which is also the Orlando line and the Gainesville line?
Or you want the Orlando line? Oh, so anyway the word is that
Orlando called in yesterday to say goodbye before his little trip to California in New York
So the word is that he's not circumcised no more taping please
Silvestre Salon's back in this time he's headed for number one with a
It's fly and the family's alone
Fly in a family's alone your gut will reach as all the Zookab Red Warbles is way through this day loose of direct hit
There is the white one who wants to kill the red one who wants to waste the yellow one
Kill every day
I'm going to get you
A little bit of a wear for semi automatic weapons are sold
Okay, Adam. We'll be seeing you sweetie. Bye. Bye. Oh, I'm sorry
Okay 1217 he said it's really slow
Up there at Flores. What the hell is wrong with you people? What do you want you want us to come to your door?
And get on our hands and knees and say oh please would you give us 20 bucks so we can give you one of these
Wonderful CDs or cassettes or a t-shirt or anything so they can help us out the Camille House in the homeless and do something nice for once in your pathetic meaningless life
He's sitting down, huh?
They want
They just won't do it in other words. They're a bunch of cheap pasties of what you're saying no
We got 51,000 just about and we should have like a hundred and fifty one thousand at this point after about like five weeks of doing this thing this year
If we had a dollar from each of our listeners. I mean all across the massive gigantic swollen peninsula
We should isn't that what it is. It's a giant throbbing swollen one and we should probably have like three four hundred thousand dollars in here already
But like I've said many many times and I can keep saying it but it doesn't change anything 95% of the people won't give anything
Trust me
My pal I'm getting shocked up about it. Yeah, you ready to
What you ready for some live for checking high sticking tonight. Yes, sir. I'm going to the track. Oh, you're yeah
No, I'm going to the track. It's track night. What? Oh, I'm kidding. I gave my tickets away. I know you gave
Said to me. I really appreciate it. I did yeah, and you and you have the nerve the Hutzpah
You're going to the game thanks to us and you have the balls to be calling here. You have the
Scalias to be calling here and saying I suck. I was just kidding buddy. Well, it may be true though. Yeah
Well, so anyway
Anyway, I was wondering do they have a siren there or by the way at least a Campbell just came in here and heard your in temper comment
She said up your anus
That's what she said. Well, I just she's into that licorice this week. I deserve it. Yeah
So anyway, I was wondering do they this isn't your first hockey game is it? No, it is not okay. Thank God
I at least will have somebody there who knows what's going on so they know when to get excited
Yeah, but I won't know the numbers that Jersey's but well, so get so be a big spender man since you got the tickets for free
Bride-Dame program I will I will. Hey miss. I was watching from mark Messier man on those Rangers mark Messier's tough
Oh, yeah, but I think the lightning's gonna kick their ass, but I hope so. Yeah, so do I like this. I just hate New York, mental
Okay, but anyway, I was just wondering you know different stands they do their thing do they have the air rates siren here or you know
I was think after Rick and suds I was thinking maybe they I got news for if you know where the Miami
You know where the Miami arena is I don't think blowing the air rates siren down here probably the best idea
That's true. They have just a little quiet buzzer like at the end of the period
Hey, well, you know baseball I think
Said Diane buddy. I think you're right
You're the first guy with a Scalia's to actually put it spell it out in those words
I am such a monster baseball fan. I've been a baseball fan for 40 years
I live and die with my teams, but I'm gonna tell you I'm getting so nauseated between the lockout that may be coming in between
All these high paid overpriced goofballs and between the way that there's no continuity there the players just keep changing teams like you change your underwear
I hate that you know what it's ridiculous. I'm a Bucks man
And they you know lean is gone bonds is probably gone and drape back went to Houston right and they're probably picking up some good
And I smiley that you got rid of two years now smiley was on his second team in two years
Yeah, you just can't you got to have a scorecard talk about not knowing the numbers
I don't know what's going on. I think Houston's picking up some good players and then the cubs got Steve Lake
How do you like that Steve?
He's like a catcher. We had like 50 years ago who was stuck then and he stinks worse now
He's like an old man. He's pathetic Steve Lake
Yeah, they don't even think Bobby Brown can give him enough CPU
It's a mistake on the lake. So what about that Carl Barger thing?
Huh is he okay? I don't know. I don't know. He's a box there and
I don't know about him. I haven't heard except for your guys news or whatever
I think maybe he finally realized looked around and realized where he was that's starting to get to him
Exactly. Well, you have a great time that I let me go tomorrow. How you liked it? Okay?
Thank you again the game too. Okay, say one more thing. Yeah the guy who killed called in and criticized me because I didn't know that all the
Players know who I wasn't a real nut. Yeah, yeah, I'm okay
Well, he's talking hockey said puck. What's wrong with that? We have an open line in date
7519463 I sure hope they know hockey and four Myers because if we say puck on here
They might get really hysterical. Okay, so write a lot of letters
They're looking for a clone of me and you tell me that I'm improving in that market
You got freaking OP out of his mind over there with this station
You don't know what to do with himself because he realizes we're making big-end roads over there
And his little fabulous market where he's had no competition
And I'm willing to help you fight the good fight over there and you won't give me a couple a hundred bucks a month
They're at Christmas time and you wait until I have a glass of champagne in my hand to tell me this garbage
That held a matter with you people get a life
Listen for Randy Rhodes tonight at eight on South Florida's news traffic and weather station news talk radio
610 WIOD
Raise it up to my lips because I don't want to waste that last drop of beer
Now I've been drinking for hours, but I still got time for one more round
George
I
Can't
I love to drink even more go down through our local place
I'm trying to get up I keep all the flat on my feet
There were minds now finds me a lot of you assholes that come to the dolphin games at Joe Ryby Stadium
And after the first 75 beers you start complaining that they're cutting off the beer sales at the end of the third quarter
I mean how many do you have to have how many cold ones doesn't take before your need for an ebriation
Necessiated man, huh
God almighty we have two open lines indeed look at that that is really unique since they got their own lines back
That is extraordinarily unusual at 751. We don't care four-letter day on the starline
Deal. Yeah, what was that move to Broward after the hurricane? Mm-hmm. Got a suggestion for you. Yeah that Broward card
Yeah, why don't you slow that way down the lifestyle up here is
Broward
What you're right. We'll have to work on it. What other thing too much speed on that I think you know Randy and that speed. Oh, it's Broward up
