Wait a minute, what just happened here?
Oh, here's another torn cart.
Okay, so we now have people who are coming in here and ripping the carts.
Okay, here's another cart with the tape ripped in the middle of it.
And now at this point it ceases to be humorous.
The best of Rogers continues in minutes on News Talk Radio 610 WIO.
Alan, everybody can't stand and pin in the ass-dresener.
Exactly.
Yeah, what about him?
You remember when you had a bunch of people out from Cooper City?
Yeah.
Well, I was over your house.
Well, it's not exciting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You had about 700 other people.
Exactly, we had a great time.
Yeah, well, I'm glad I couldn't take that.
I could only have five years later, but you know, I'm just calling to thank you.
Well, you're sure welcome.
Yeah.
I think you can do it again.
What?
I think you can do it again sometimes?
No chance.
No.
No.
No.
Don't.
Call up Tanner, he'll have you over.
Who are these people and where have they come from?
That is the question of the day, folks.
Who the hell are they and who the hell needs them?
Oh, no.
Your show really blows.
No, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Your show really blows.
No, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
Your show really blows.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Shakey, shakey, shakey.
Oh, no, no.
Your show really blows.
Oh, no, no.
I say, do a show really blows.
Oh, no, no.
I say, do a show really blows.
It's hot.
We have one open line in date.
I'm probably the worst show in the history of broadcasting
and I'm really proud of it.
I say it's funny that it comes on the day after we discovered
that Joey is back in town.
You think it?
Now Joey is on WSPR in Bokas that the rumor now.
The other day we had him on Super Surf and he was also on
like every station that's ever been invented.
And now all of a sudden he's on WSPR in Bokas.
Whatever the deal is, the bad news is Joey's back
and we're paying a wicked price for it.
Well, I'd like to know who died and made near Rajiv.
There are more cancers of WIOT and all these imploidy
and a world of people of the state of New York
and of the state of Florida when his only claim to fame
is two flea bags and a covert.
Go lay under your Mustang and leave me alone with your punk.
I'm getting like catching my breath from that tremendous assault
on my system from Barbara Slim Foods.
I want to make sure we give her lots of plugs
and mention the name frequently down there in Kendall on sunset.
Oh, Bob-Wah.
What you've done to me?
Why you do this to me, Demi?
You're listening to the best of Rajiv's on News Talk radio.
Six.
I thought we're playing golf here.
It sounds like the skins game, as Jack Nicholas would say.
We have an open-eyed at Broward.
I can't, I mean, golf is just so the skins game.
There's just something about it.
If I get started on golf,
or near you'll drive off the road.
He's probably on a way.
See, it's good, though, that we got a station.
That's like diverse and perverse.
I mean, renearies into golf and what else?
What else does he like?
Drinking?
And the nose picking.
I mean, he's those are mainly, you know, that's Mike.
And then I'm like into horse racing and plunging my guts out.
And a few other things.
And Rick is into like skiing.
And what else?
Huh?
Politics.
And politics.
Yeah!
1035 at WIOC.
So what are you doing with your life?
Getting up, fighting the truer.
My soup.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Madonna.
Diagonal.
I'm the same thing as I'm the girl
I'm the same thing as I'm the girl
I'm the same thing as I'm the girl
I'm the same thing as I'm the girl
Sleazy little girl
In the fatty man
You have the money now
So go and change your arms
Shreds me little girl
You're gonna lose them the chance
If you would, any clothes on you
No, I won't last, she always wear
I'm the one stockings
So I need old bras
Like a lingerie that far mid in a Kmart store
We're gonna use this bag like Chacha Gabor
You're just another $50 whole world
And a little carried away there, I don't think so
10.41 at WIOD
I think we're gonna bid farewell to our line, the cleaner here
Hey, I'll let you go
I think you've been holding it far too long
Longer than the law allows
I really want to thank you, cheer up my day
Well, have a great day
And by the way, definitely uncut is the way to go
Put you up
See you later
Okay, we got a PIVI port and a Ford Lauderdale, let's get right to it
Hey, Neal, what's up?
Listen, I'm heading north down on I-95
Yes sir, about a mile south of 595
There's one on the Sterling Road bridge
And he's sitting up on top
And he's calling out to the other guys
There's 11 of them out there
11 of them out there
You'll be very excited to know that yesterday
Governor Bumpkin signed a bill that bars the Florida Highway Patrol
And other police agencies from setting ticket quotas
That's the one that Rick and Suds have been talking about for weeks
The Governor Bumpkin signed it
And obviously it's having a real big impact
They're taking things into their own hands
Yeah, they are taking it into their hands
But the thing of it is, you don't see the guy sitting up there on top
And he's pointing the gun right at you
I'm calling to work on 75 this morning
And there was an FHP porker
Like, burrowed in, there's like a clump of trees
Like an median and one strip there up north of Sheridan Street
And he's like burrowed in there
Just with his nose sticking out so we can stick his thing out
And you know, pick up everybody on the radar
What a slime ball
Yeah, right
No quotas and no hiding, not
All right, hey, all you guys from maybe some pilots are going to do this back
Thank you, honey
See you
Yep, no quotas, so now they're just doing it for the fun of it
Because there are a bunch of sadistic pigs who want to make your life miserable like I've always said
They're not, you know, they're not fooling anybody
Hoped line and brown, 524WIOD, man, my aim is so clogged up now
Thank God that Ponytail is going to get that soup
Because it's obvious that Denibirk one more time, just totally
Totally couldn't get the job done
What a, what a loser, Tom
I mean, you look in the mirror and you see this pathetic little wimpy image
And you say the look of an absolute total loser and that's little Tommy D
But he's proud of it
Miami
And he's a Metz fan, yes
I got this connected
Can hear you, hello?
There we go, a little louder
Yeah, I got this connected yesterday
From?
Well, I was talking to you and started telling you the story about the crop
And he was around and told me
No, you didn't get to disconnect it, you blurted out the S word, sir, and I had to disconnect your call
Because you used some intemperate language here on 16th your family station
Oh, they're my apologies to your audience
Right, so just say crap
I'm sorry without, because I'm sure you're going to like the end
I like the end?
You're going to like the end of the story
Okay, well I tell him what kind of crap is this?
There you go
Okay, I can use that one, right?
And he says, hey, it's no crap, I said, I said, Tom
You know what I think about this crap and I just flip my hip over and fart it
Really?
I just farted and he goes
You're disgusting ass
Where do you officer are rescuing me for passing gas?
Yeah, oh yeah
Governor just signed that podium yesterday to us the new farting bill
But did you like my little um, uh, what you call it now?
You're a little, what you call it?
No, remember when I told you
Yeah, uh, gone
Wait a minute, wait a minute, it's coming, it's coming
It's coming, yeah, I've heard that before
What? You're little what?
What's that guy name?
George? Yeah?
Okay, I told you the uh
God, I don't know man
Well hold on, hold on, I'm thinking about it, we'll come back to him, he's thinking about it
We have the star lines open if you have Bellsoft mobility
Maybe the star line knows what he, um, his little thing is all about
Star I-O-D only for a circumcised callers on a star line today by the way
We'll have like alternate days now
Um, let's do Delray Beach
Hello, Neil, yeah
Can I air a grievance with you?
Yes sir, it's with you
Well, I doubt it, I'll give you a short call, what's your problem now?
How come you have a problem with everybody like
That wants to play golf or if they want to ski if that's real
I don't have a problem with it at all, I just said it's boring
I said it's boring
No, it's not boring to me, every, yes they do, there are a lot of people to get tired of talking about horse racing, everything it's boring
That's just my opinion, sir, I guess I'm not entitled to
Well, that's what they pay me for, see opinions, sir, are like assholes, everybody's got one and that's my opinion
Well, you know what my opinion is?
I don't really care
1046 at WIOD, we have an open line on a star line, star IOD and out of town where we just got that
Prispecace's call from Delray from a real big flaming one is 1-800-944-Schmuck
Are you, uh, you caught up now, do you figure out what it is?
Yeah, that's not the last one
But I can't hear you again
Huh?
I said I can't hear you, speaking of the little holes
Which one?
The ones in the phone, there you go
Is that lighting up there?
Yeah, good
Okay, that translation to that card that you have?
Yup
It goes like this, no single, widow and lajola
You already said that
You already said that?
Yeah
Yeah, what do you think about it though?
We think it was great and have a great life, we love it
What the hell is he talking about?
Pretty soon I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna sit here in Georgia and translate all the calls, okay?
God, are we losing control or what?
And that will be getting the French calls in from the frogs who want their equal time
Open line of day, 751-W-I-O-D
I do have my snapple here, thank goodness, because, boy, when you're plugged up, so to speak
When your ears are quaken and your knees are shaken
There's nothing like having a bottle of snapple dyed raspberry iced tea to kind of cool you off and keep you going
Through a long, rough day when nobody seems to be coming to your side or helping out with any of the damn things you need
And snapple, of course, has the big 60-noun standard size bottle, that's 33% more than the imitator standard size
So you get a bigger one for your money, which is always pleasing to me
And of course you get real good stuff too, no artificial ingredients, no additives, no crap
Snapple is made with the best natural ingredients on the face of the globe, okay?
So pick up the celtiers in the complete line of real-brood iced teas and sodas and fruit juices
And for our sports department that all natural football drink, I mean for everybody else, it's a sports drink
But for our sports department, it's strictly a football drink, snap up, or as Joe would say, snap these
Snapples available now at pantry pride, at grapevine wine and cheese, Norman Brothers produce all woolly's fine foods, easy quick, shortstop, willing, kindle
Miami Market, Doris Market, Lorenzo's Epicure Walgreens, Great Value, Albertans Gardeners Market, and a Freddy's nearby you, George
I thought maybe you'd go...
You moved here from Canada?
Hey, no you didn't
No, I'm just teasing, I would never live in Canada
Good, and I tell you truthfully, I didn't want to trip to Vegas either
I'd like to play golf, but I knew if I could play...
Yeah, right, same asshole I called before from what you call, from Delray Beach, same asshole
And that proves my case, he's in the golf, okay, go chase these, okay you idiot
We have an open line out of town, that's an atline 8, which is soon gonna be transferred to like the deadline
Although I think we've already beaten you to the punch
1-800-944-W-I-O-D, Pompato Beach
Paul Castronova's Fire Report
Yeah, we know about saved our sopere
No, no, no, no, even worse
Even worse, another ripoff?
Today's issue of excess?
Yeah
On page 6 says the bear facts
Video is in killing radio in South Florida, the police are
Yes, it is another disc jockey is allegedly screwing up in public and getting arrested
This time the lucky lad is Paul Castronova, host of the Rock & Roll Breakfast Show on WSHE
Instead of being caught with his pants down, Castronova is a Castronova or OVO
Whatever you want to say
Whatever
OVO
And a compromising was found in a compromising situation where a topless bargoer in Pompato Beach
An observer set
A crowd ensued which brought the Pompato Beach police department
Castronova and the woman were charged with disorderly conduct
Castronova had no comment on his arrest
In a surprising legal move
Wait a minute, he was busted for this?
Apparently
How come it's like such a non-story?
Probably was contrived
You want me to continue?
Go ahead
In a surprising legal move, however, his lawyer Mark Hennuzio said his...
Nuzio, Nuzio
Fabrizio
A parallel mark of Fabriz, whatever his name is
Fabriz Hennz
Go ahead
Said that his client is totally innocent of everything
But not to worry, the public will soon cast its erotic eye on the next sucker DJ
Until then, Castronova will just have to grin and bear it
And I don't get it, I don't get it
What is it that they were supposedly doing?
Apparently, just getting a cheap fill, I don't know
I guess they saw him in here and I said there's one boob too many in his place
Okay, I just want to let you know about it
Well thanks for the good news, okay I'm glad that Paul's getting, you know, Mucky C Mucky do
Well, when you're over at that station, that's about to happen
We'll look for him at the gate this weekend, thanks a lot
All right
Okay, 20 past 11 at Good Old WIO, do you just...
Okay, now how come that story got no exposure at all if we can say that, huh?
How come the reporters were knocking down his door?
How come a little Erika, what, Levintol from Channel 7, there wasn't the pounding on his thing at the house, huh?
He's just small potatoes
Because he's small potatoes is right, trying to be big potatoes
He's a big sack of something, I'll guarantee you that
We have an open line in Broward, 524 WYOD, 524 Mucky C Mucky Spank
And out of town, 1-800-944, you got it
If you like college basketball, you won't want to miss Goldberg at night, it's tonight
It's called Frequent Burping Syndrome
It's terrible, I'll be on a date or a business meeting and...
And...
Excuse me, see, see what happens?
Frequent Burping Syndrome, it can ruin your life, but it doesn't have to
Now there's a clinic that can help, trained specialists, sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers
A special place known as...
Burp Enders
Gosh, Burp Enders saved my life
Joanne and I were in love, I really wanted to ask her to marry me, but...
I just knew that when the moment of truth came, I'd let out with a big ripper, you know?
Burp Enders, no shame, no guilt, no more tummy rumbling smelly belches, no more stopping in mid-sittance
Just to one cork, a big cheesy blaster, just carrying professionals and to help you need
Don't wait, here's the number to call
555-2877-5555
Burp Enders, call today and stop being so gross
I agree
1126 at WIOD, rumor has it, Paul Castrenov is coming out of the closet on the year tomorrow
And then on Mondays going out and buying a couple of corvettes
But that's just a rumor, we have an open line in Broward 5249-463
Thanks a lot, not to the guy who called yesterday and gave me that technique about opening up your ears
Because I've been doing that the last couple of minutes and they're so plugged up now, man, it's just a brutal
I can't hear a damn thing, here's a lady in Miami
Hi, Neil, how you doing?
What? I know I can hear, it's just a little joke
Okay, listen, I was calling to say something to Jorge
Yeah, let him have it
He is wrong, okay, it's about ugly women that are Cuban
Right
My parents are Cuban and I have three boys
Yes, you did say that, George, you said they're fat and they're ugly and they like, look real skanky and cheap and sleazy
Okay, what I'm saying is...
He's trying to deny it now, I heard it
That is not your film on 5 to 7, 110 pounds, blonde hair, green eyes, I am far from being ugly and I am not skanky
Now what about Cuban men?
Okay, Cuban, you know, well, it depends
Oh, that's what?
Well, what does that mean? It depends on what?
It depends on how hairy they are
Are they really all hairy?
Some of them, my boyfriend is not that hairy
Well, how old is he?
He's 22
He's 22 and he's real hairy?
Mm-hmm
Well, that's unusual
Yeah, is he circumcised?
No, he's not, I wanted to talk to you about that
Oh, God, where was he born?
He was born in Cuba, but he came here when he was 9 months old
Well, that explains it
And I wanted to tell you that the reason that most Cuban men were in circumcised
is if they were poor, for some reason, their parents thought that they would fall off if they circumcised it
They really did
Boy, that's what happened to me
Huh?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
In fact, did they want to have in circumcised because they were too scared?
They thought it would fall off
They were truly scared that it would fall off
Highly educated in other words
Well, that's a...
An old superstition
They're Wahedos, you know, the Cuban Hilvedos, they don't know anything
Yeah
And I...
Here's we got more factions here today, it's just unbelievable to be here
Porto Ricans and the Cubans and the Colombian dope peddlers and it's just incredible
Really?
Well, I wanted to say something to that Daytona guy
Tell him to go back into the sewer that he crawled out of because the minute he got on the air
I can smell him from here
Yeah, all the way from Daytona
Yeah
Okay, thanks for the lowdowns, so to speak
Have a great day
You too
Well, this is certainly a fly and I open her here today, I'll tell you that
Well, we're getting like...
I just can't get over it, all these wild stories
A real hairy show, we have an open line in date, maybe some of these guys are growing back there here because of Mitch Lewis
A lot of these guys were hairless till I started listening to WIOD and I was just growing it
751 in date and one open line in Broward at 5-2
Ooh
Oh, did that plug up my right ear?
I mean, I'm the worst, it's working in reverse yet today
Yesterday it worked, so if it works the first time you figure out, do it again, forget it
Plugged up that ear, man, it just can't hear a thing
And by the way, it's 29 after 11, we are nothing, we got nothing in here today
No supplies, no first aid, no soup, no hummitation, zipity doodah, the covered is bare
And thanks a lot again, Tom, you little sleaze bag
God, it's here, useless twerp, mobile in Miami
Yes, the Cubs in number one, Neil
Yeah, right
Well listen, if you have any hair...
Less like, say, less like, has to rules
If you have an a hairy show, I need to know something, is a hairy, hairy, hairy?
I would think so
What do you think?
He's old and hairy
Okay
See ya, good call
Open line in date, 751 WIOD, what in Broward at 5-2-4 crank, and let's do a, let me get it, WIOD
I can speak to Neil, please
Sure
Hello
Hello
Neil
Neil
Neil, listen
What's so funny?
Just the change in your voice, it just was interesting
I don't know how I was talking to you
Well, that's the idea
Well listen, tell me, what's going on with the witness? Call the witness
What's going on with him?
Yeah, but not, he's not a horse anymore
That's correct
Can you tell me what's going on?
What does that mean?
Well, what do we look for in the paper to go see race?
Overnight delivery, Friday night, the 11th race, he finished second in our people's horse race back in November in the rural state that when the top horse can't is either injured or is disappeared, which is the case here, and I'm not too happy about it, but when it happens, the second place horse is the next one
Is there, what's the reason for that?
The reason is that Rod Lorenzo claimed him back, and he was going to race him here one more time, but he had a little injury again, and he's shipping him up to Windsor, and he's going to race him back
And there are a lot of us who are not really pleased with Mr. Lorenzo because it's a big promotion, but he looks at it like a lot of people like it's a business, and it's a good horse, and he wants to make all of money with it, so it's, you know
Is this horse any good?
Well, we'll see
We'll see, he finished second in the people's horse race, we'll hope that in these Dave Ingraham's driving him, so we've got our people's driver
All right, that's good
You're going to say, I guess you can be there Friday night
Friday night, I'll be there tonight for the driver's showdown, we've got Kevin Wallace and Bruce Ranger
Oh yeah, it's for that in the paper
All right, and by the way, I'm heading out to the Yankee Expo game now, I wish I can go to the Cub game, but
Well, if you go to Macy, you can see all the Cubes you want
All right, thanks a lot
Maybe you can go to Vegas with that guy who won the atrip night
Oh, he was so full of it
Okay, good luck
1131, while we're all hallucinating, why should they be any different from me?
I dreamed I won 1.7 million on the slots last night, and I'm just counting, and it's got like piles and piles, or hundreds and fifties and twenties, and I'm schlepping and counting and jumping up and down
And then I woke up damn it, a pomp and obiach
Neil, how you doing?
Okay, good, and you'll have you ever seen the Robert Redford movie The Catterty?
Yeah, there's building
Don't you understand that everybody knows your voice by now?
We have an open line in Broward, 5249463, and one on the star line at star IOD, see when you have a disgusting, distinctive voice like you do, sir, and you do nothing but make professional
Even calling Meg Green on Saturday with your Kakarai, I mean get serious, get a life
Starlines open, star IOD, let's do for Lauderdale, hello
Hello, yes sir
Hey guys, I mean my ears are plugged up and I can still tell that guy
Alright, the first, this is second time caller
Okay
I like to say all women are beautiful
All women's is beautiful, okay?
But these Cubans are a bunch of assholes
What is that?
These Cubans guys are a bunch of assholes
Cubans guys are assholes based on what?
Because that I was like, well you're what?
I'm Cuban myself
You're Cuban, but you're like George in other words you're a self-hating Cuban
Oh, no, not really, some of them are fine, but I mean, all Cuban guys are assholes, sir?
Yes, man
Except you
Like that guy I call about the young people there, assholes because of the way they talk, that's crap
Yeah
You should go to New York, come out there, let them go to New Jersey
But to tell you, my convertible talk, I like it
Right
You know which one it is
Right
So what's the thing?
I mean, that's the best thing you should have
convertible talk
You know, it's like you be amazed
Yeah, be amazed
How women like that
Do they?
Special thing
They're like that special thing
Brawl out
Braw, like a turtle kind of, kind of like a little turtle
Yeah, even get what dreams thinking about it
No, okay
All right guy, you have a good luck to you, sir
Okay, you'll need it
26th till noon at WIOD
Where you're packing that gum this week, coolio, that's the question of the day
We have an open-line in Broward, 524, slice it before it's too late, God Almighty
How the hell did George just turn his whole show into some disgusting rotesque
And what do we have here, he asked, this is from the bakery no doubt
Holy Toledo, look at that
Soup hat
Soup, a hat, about 4,000 did Henry leave already?
Henry's probably gone, Henry or a sleaze bag, okay, I know he's a...
Look at the size of that thing
It's a gigantic, it's like the shape of a gigantic commentation with a star of David on there
And what does it say?
He's unbelievable
Unbelievable
Unbelievable on the Humbertide, look at that, Cheryl
What is that? What is that thing?
Where was that from?
This is from Cosure Treats, what a guy
Thank you, sir, you're great American and does I go to that and have a good forum
Thank you, outstanding
See, I told you we'd make it come back here, what is that?
More hummitation?
Uh-uh, huh?
Oh, my ears are plugged up like you wouldn't believe like your toilet
Now let me just mention again here
these this is from who this is from our friend um or is there a card on it open the
bag up so I can give them a little thing here because he sent us a humantosh in the
size of Massachusetts is there a thing in there it's from the paste relay in bakery 1688
northeast 164 the north Miami Beach and 40 22 Royal Palm Avenue in Miami Beach and
there's a huge humantosh and it says unbelievable it's got to start David and it says Henry
Burrow's a dumb goy on it and Michelle's bakery at the four ambassadors 801 South Bay
Shore also sends us the real none of those make believe hard as a rock but the real humantosh
in so take your pick boy look at that on era of Purim we got oh look at these man whoo wow
we're gonna convert everybody here today but they all have to get in line get circumcised
first not you Cheryl 24 till noon at W.I.O.D. if you own a nice shiny Nissan station wagon not
a convertible let's not talk about convertibles anymore just two years old how do you feel
of a car thief stole that baby well for Tom oh this potential nightmare recently became a
sweet revenge the thieves who ripped off Tom didn't know he had a big surprise for him a low
jack police transmitter hidden in the bowels of that station wagon as the thief said in Tom
stolen Nissan at a stoplight police cars using their low jack police tracking computer surrounded
them two thieves were arrested and Tom enjoyed immediate revenge like crazy so I risk your car truck
investment with a complete low jack prevent and retrieve system is affordable and links your car
to the police low the low jack police recovery network check it out today call Elaine should be
happy to give you the info or she can set up the installation for your right over the old phone
like magic call toll free 1-800 oh and send you Tammy 157 at W.I.O.D.
porine how you done oh I'm doing okay you know Monday's best and it was great I like the
way that he cut it took different call from a bunch of different day okay well what can I
tell you this Roger this Roger right is a rip right he has to come on your show we we like
listening to you right okay I will we like listening to you yeah I'll rip right you don't
come on nobody comes on here show the sports people and you come on vineric I've stayed on his
show over twice you have on you listen to me in two years I've stayed over twice and I get nothing
but grief for it and all these assholes call in and rip me and tell me and I think you're right
I think we ought to stick to our own four and a half hours or whatever we got right stay out
of here Rick can I hear it all your problems okay the best of them sorry can't be reconciled
has to be you we we we can't hear you during the week when you're on Saturday on a day off
and it's reconciled sometimes on Saturday it's sick that's really bad that's what a call Andy
who works in the who he can liquor store he's a cliff junior go back out come boy talk about heavy
duty suction let's go to North Miami hello yeah hey me your first time call there okay quick
quick a couple quick questions where do you get to go home and touch where do I get him yeah I don't
know the Paul's bakery was one of them on the beach and on North Miami Beach okay and the other one
is is a Michelle's bakery Michelle's okay the another thing I want to tell you is if you hold
you nose and blow and you read like that you'll definitely blow your real drums out exactly no
question I'm gonna work on it I'm gonna work on it right now an asshole told you that one and I
know you don't want to close somebody do you beg real quick it worked all right sounded good okay
I'm gonna close I'm gonna do sure Rob you're a data entry do you expect I think plan okay see
up okay that's gonna do it I'm gonna like do a close put on my nose and talk like a ton your
cruise for about a half an hour and then like hold my breath and suck up a malalooka plant
and see what happens boy look at Chuck Meyer all spift up in his blue and white W.I.O.D. jacket
man am I impressed just because the pirates traded away John Smiley because they can't afford
to play the good players they got right in Bobby Bonilla because they couldn't afford to pay him
and next year there'll be no Barry bonds or Doug Drabeck they traded away the pennant
yesterday they traded away their life yesterday because they can't afford to win the pennant anymore
that's the problem with the pirates is there a bunch of cheap skates and now they're gonna have to
pay anyway because Jim Leland's gonna be chain spoken and they're gonna have to buy like thousands
of cartons of cigarettes at the Seminole Indian reservation just to keep his ass happy and keep him
there till he comes here next year I think he's coming Rick and Sods we love meat at the top 10
tabloid trash headlines are next or is that Heinrich and Sods Jim and Joe on football talk and
I Hank previews the NC double A's 8 to 11 tonight this is out Florida's news okay what's wrong again
nothing I the good question what is that about a sixth call now we have an open line now and now
you wonder why he got his ass canned over there we have an open line and Broward 524 W.I.O.D. and
out of town 1-800-944 that's got to be at least his third call and he just a malcontent in a
sourpuss and any place that has to do with parties he ain't the guy to be working there okay
Hollywood Dale how you doing okay a couple of quick things I went to the ballgame Saturday at
Jo Rabi we've heard very little except for the first few minutes of the show which you would
have thought we had tons of calls about it today with all the stuff with the mound and a bullpen
we've had like maybe three calls the whole day about it which indicates to me that this
places out to lunch actually I thought it was a real good time and I think once they work the
king's out it's going to be a fun place to see a ball yeah right this kid stankowicz for the
Yankees hit a grand slam late in the game and it took about two seconds to get out in left
field so the Marlins get a couple of big right handed power like Andre Dawson yeah like a Dawson
or a Kent Saker or a field or somebody we might be looking at 50 55 diggers all right should be
a lot of fun the other thing is the biggest joke on South Florida radio it's got to be Waxi 106
as you know yes I do know the other night I happen to punch them up and the guy they do some
kind of a all-request house party show you know with the phony can sound effects and stuff and
I get over the crowd noise okay it's a lie I am not a Nazi okay so the he was incredible this
little this card came on this guy put the chalk that was on play the cart and that's real
round radio sounding guy comes out and says Waxi presto requesto wow and this little girl must have
been four years old comes on to the high my name is presto and I'd like to hear crystal blue
christw
oh no yeah we're not a crowd noise drowning around and stuff yeah the brain surgeon on the air comes
back about three seconds later is it you'll be by Tommy James by Sean Del
and she comes back I think so and he comes back to what's your station for music and fun
Waxi 106 unbelievable yeah they should be shot I want to tell you right now there's only one guy
over there who does all the voices okay you know who it is yeah yeah you get all and you start saying
yeah yeah it is Neil and honor of that at some point you don't necessarily have to do it today
could you play that uh Ricky Ricky your show really blows to the tune of Louis Louis oh no
for words were ever spoken I haven't heard that in a while we need a bit of a
lot of her happened to that by the way huh what the hell ever happened to that thing I don't know
but during the break I'll dig it up the shoe fits man thanks a lot feel better okay bye feel this
146 at W.I.D. that's right if he wouldn't have said that that thing would have like uh fallen off
into never never land what the hell happened to that card boy sometimes I feel
see we need we need that thing on the wall you know that they're not going to get us
in the other room in a control room they get them like a $3,500 big hot song in a dance thing with
80 million racks on the wall because those are the spots those are the commotion's okay that's
the bread and butter and here the bread and butter of our show all of these millions of cards all
of these bits all the stuff that the people listen to the stick in station for oh no we kind of
for that that's big bucks man maybe next year not so it goes to show you just how much they care
all right they talk a good game they give you a big song of the dance so they're all behind you
they love you as long as you got some numbers and that's about it I don't know what the hell
happened to that thing George you don't think that thing is in with all the rickinson stuff
because if it is that would really frost my big fat ugly grotesque perneated butt I'll tell you
that right now well we'll see what we can find it man 148 at W.I.O.D the water exchange came
about a week ago put one of those GOA reverse osmosis systems in my new home and guess what all
of a sudden I can drink straight from the tap good clear in fact they also tied it into my big new
expensive refrigerator so the water that comes out of the fridge and all the ice cubes that come
out of the automatic ice cube dispensing thing in the door same great clear water I mean what's
a sense what is the sense of going out and buying bottle water and then like putting a crappy ice
from the water from the tap line it goes into you know how I'm saying it's crazy so instead of
spending half your salary on bottled water check out the GOA drinking water system from the water
exchange it takes about 40 minutes to install no mess no fuss you don't have to patch your
round with it all the time they came one one time a year they come to your house change the filter
in the unit and that's all day in and day out you and your family great good tasting safe drink
and water for just 18 95 a month call right now for a free in home taste test what a Roy
Firestone's father what the hell does he do impersonations of his son what does he do Chuck
good Chuck's gonna be talking everybody's out of work starting a tomorrow
so that should carry him through like September man this tea is killing me do you can you hear it
smell this no seriously this suggests that it's good
it's a good thing I didn't listen to her see I'm always confused on that you drink hot or cold
when you have like a congested throat it's like it's like feed a fever starve a cold or starve
whatever that thing is you know I always get confused of course with me I always like it's always
feed you know feed a cold feed a fever just feed anything all right over the weekend man I
eight nine eight nine I enjoyed it too bokeh on a deadline I can't believe it hello hello yes sir
hey Neil yeah how you doing okay oh pretty good oh look at that a green one
hey I wanted to know something yes we talked about signs for lands before yeah yeah what's your
favorite like horror movie of all time or whatever favorite horror movie of all time is Dracula
Dracula which one the original one with Bella Lagos oh yeah yeah wow do you ever see it
yeah actually I have it's great yeah love your favorite movie is um well I don't know uh I
let well the modern movie did you say you said horror not horror movie horror
horror oh very funny no it's not funny just I just want to clarify okay I'm glad
what's your favorite horror movie or which one Debbie does your field yeah yeah no Debbie does
bokeh action from bokeh okay okay um actually I liked I liked uh I liked a few new Dracula
were watching they're coming out with uh can I say something to you seriously at all with all
respect yeah it's like Sherlock Holmes Sherlock Holmes Basil Rathbone with Sherlock Holmes all these
other people that come on and do these phony Sherlock Holmes it's El Stinco okay oh I know what you
mean and the same with Dracula like Peter Cushing wants to be Dracula and all these other uh forget it
there was only one Dracula and that was Bella Lagosi well you know the three new Dracula movies coming
out in the next two years forget it yeah what are they going to do dig Bella up again
and now take the stake out of his heart I don't know they're doing all kinds of new weird things
put him back in a poppy field again see if they can pump him up a little bit yeah suppose uh
yeah I want you to also ask you what is this tree uh fever that you're talking about
three fever man we got it malaluka fever oh yeah that's what it was why you got it
no well I've been sick for a long time lately for one two months I don't know like
uh maybe it's going around yeah I think it is maybe it's just a crud by the way you're supposed to
drink hot tea how well you've been sick for two months and you're telling me you're giving me a
nice okay I think I'm sick from something else I don't know from what I don't know I don't know
well what do you mean from something else look some kind of a sexually transmitted like you got a
canker on your thing or something okay well we want to discuss it then it's almost the brunch time
it's almost the tea time no it's not I uh but it's not slime it's to reduce slime you have to drink
hot tea you're sure yeah I'm positive well tomorrow I'm gonna bring in like 50,000 tea bags and I'm
gonna bring in a big thing of hot water and I'm gonna just wind it out scald it out also
I'm gonna burn that crap out if it's the last thing I do man also listen you have to drink um
listen you don't you don't you don't sound sick I don't sound sick you feel sick I'm getting over it
okay also in your tea put hot hot um put honey and lemon you sound like my grandma no I'm
serious man I'm not lemon well you know I used to do some acting and uh used to do some acting
yeah really yeah uh huh what do you like a waiter in between acting jobs now or what no no no I
go up north every summer and do do some acting oh I see you know I have a school when I'm at a
school yeah and uh and what way you're supposed to do to where is it like in province town
now it's in uh Binghamton oh Bingham do I'll start too far away yeah uh before you go on stage
you're supposed to drink hot tea with honey in it you drink hot tea with your honey yeah oh that sounds
good yeah well listen you have a great day and thanks for all your remedies great see you see
bye another doctor everybody's in a sparing doctor you know at a perspiring doctor so tomorrow even
though this will probably be all gone since I'm about 24 hours away from perfect health how do we
get into this just because I'm clear my throat a few times today and right away the audience who
are so protective about my health were so concerned uh because they have no life of their own
oh look at that a purple one matching my vet all day long I've been working to get that
particular one out and I finally got it out and the flim too north Miami Beach I'm doing great
now a recommendation I just got a application for a satellite dish yes and uh where do you live
north Miami Beach oh good luck to you but you get the satellite dish and whatever but what kind
of services the scrambling service you recommend they have different packages do you get the
a satellite TV week yeah you get the super package yeah superstar connection yeah depends on what
you want I can't tell you what you want well I'm getting mine from a rice yeah but that's gotten
that has nothing to do with it one basic package once they hook you up looking at satellite TV
week they have one page in every addition that lists all the different services and you you
figure out what you want what was that are you there can he just expire continue continue what what
are you doing what the hell was that I'm bringing up the film myself oh look at that you did me a
lime green one like I said open up the magazine and figured out for yourself okay can't stand these
people are like so helpless like Kim Weston if I had time I would play that don't you you know any of
you have a mind of your own don't you have like any any kind of get up and go just when it
doubt figure it out sit down with that damn TV satellite week and look at the thing and figure out
what you want you want the uh all the superstations and the Denver five and you want the uh
w uh p i x in new york and w s b k in Boston w g n in chicago you want those s s and you want
to satellite sports network with all those things where you get blot blanked out in the summer and
all a baseball or you just want to go ahead and get the illegal chip put in and go to jail for 20
years what do you want you got to figure these things out for yourself I can't sit here on the other
end of some stupid telephone on a radio and tell you what you want I mean I know what I want
but I don't know what you want and speaking of that I'm going to be calling right after the show
for my free allogen allogenetic poster by the way I noticed the name of one of the products that
they're advertising where our friend or land who is standing here like almost start and make
start and he is called grab a tan or grab this I think is called for short so I'm going to be calling
and then I'll get that poster and I'll let the audience in and we'll find out just who it might be
in that poster and I have a feeling I already know who it might be who's always denying that it's
him and he's probably on a way to Milan right now can you imagine what they're going to do with that
young man in Italy whoo when in Rome do is the Romans do Orlando
but he just came back from California and he said when in California do is the um anyway that's
going to do it we got Chuck Meyer sitting in for Rick and Sudgers afternoon Rick son is a honeymoon
Sudgers having an exciting vacation as usual in frog city or somewhere being the real a Bonby
Vont and Galavant man around town the Yahoo that he is 101 ways to beat DUI with William ahead
noted DUI lawyer and all we got more lawyers on with the Chuck today we got the employee rights
handbook that's sad now you got to ask him about this extra half hour they stuck me on with okay
what are my rights about that no extra money get it in writing man this extra crappy half hour for
that geriatric old fart has been picking his nose for uh 17 years manage on sports talk and Dennis
Erickson with Hank got can't believe it tonight this is South Florida's news traffic and weather station
news talk radio 610 W I O D my annual board water bail in the Palm beaches
the guy from the bus from Del Rey how do you like that he just got home
Cooper city how you doing Neil pretty good oh I think we just lost one of our old farts sir I think
that was it about those were his final words I think so about the answer replay he said that
the dolphins didn't vote for it right I thought don't you all the news net yesterday he said
he doesn't agree because as soon as the crucial call comes all the fans look up to see yeah so we
did vote for it I think dolphins did vote before I don't understand well what did the vote the vote
was 17 to 11 I thought that was 17 to 11 against keeping it right but thought it was but
dolphins was part of the 11 well then they had a wrong in the paper oh because I was watching
of course channel seven yeah well of course that we know they're always right well I just want
to say how you guys doing doing the great job me I don't take care have a great life okay 1131
at W.I. would do we have an open line in Broward 524 Chuck Myers 2 late yes
dolphins voted for it but all I see so that thing was right those the 17 teams were the ones I
was confused they needed 21 to keep it well what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that
how do the bridge sender vote oh seriously they needed 21 to keep it
oh man that is just pathetic so like I said leave it to Shula we know what's going on we don't
need no riots at your lobby stadium we got enough degenerates over there already now can you imagine
with all those drunks over there for Monday night football what it's going to be like one bad call
by Pat Haggerty and it's this Pat Haggerty still doing it is he like retired he's about a hundred
years old who is the referee that's like the good one that's like really knows his crap and he's
what the hell is his name I used to know all the referees names now I don't care because they're
also bad red cash and I think is the one that like is dead or something Pat Haggerty I think he's
still around he's about 600 years old the good one the good rap come on George you know the stuff
referee national football league his name is Tom Bob Ted Alice Joe John Jack Ed and I know that
ain't it Nick Saul Julius come on a real good we know the one he's got like a real assertive
looking like when it's a timeout he throws those fists out there man like he's gonna he's gonna
punch somebody right in the old wazoo what the hell is his name national football he come on you
guys can do it Jerry uh see I just got the first name Jerry uh geez I want to tell you something
all you young people in the audience there's nothing that worse than getting old and senile okay
Jerry um Jerry see I got the first name now I can kill another ten minutes coming up with the second
name Jerry Lewis his name is Jerry somebody will come up with a real fight W.I.O. Did you know what
yeah it's uh semen Jerry's name and that's not the guy no no hold on him any wrong Jerry uh
Mark bright Mark bright leave it to Chuck all right no semen's is that old guy who's weighs about 20
pounds he looks like he's anorexic sir sir yes no semen's it's Jerry Mark bright okay I thought
everyone like Jerry semen no he looks like he's for how he looks like he just came from
win-more village or something yeah but he's the one that puts on the best show no Jerry Mark bright
he knows he looks he acts like he's in full charge man even though he's full of crap he acts
like he's not going to take any crap from anybody and he's alive and these other guys most of
them are like a hundred years old well this is true this is true but down to Shula was a big
supporter of the right you're right I was wrong like for the 80th time today I see I was reading
the list of four and against and I assumed that I was reading them backwards because it was 17
to 11 but they needed 21 fours that he only got 17 what a bunch of crap yeah I bet you the
jets voted against it okay now what the hell is he doing in there with that stuff what is in
that thing what is in that thing nothing oh seriously what is in it cheeseburgers from win-horns
and can you explain to me what they're doing in there is there a special reason didn't you get
fed enough George are you like um polishing in there or something what are they what are they
there Murray sent them over because he's such a nice guy
you know if we ever find the remedy for our sales department I'm going to tell you right now
it'll be one of the great it'll be better than curing baldness I'll tell you that right now
what's the remedy remedy you idiot not going to work it's not going to work see you have to
spend money on the station to get like anybody to mention your name 25 till new to wiod this is
a commercial for amily motor oil my whole family uses ammo that's what they're doing back
in the sales department 21 till new to wiod a wonderful poem to you to you and yours and
made the humontosh in your week today be the beginning of a sweet and tomorrow we have an open
line of day 75194 that was kind of sweet wasn't it here's a lady in bokeh hello meal yes ma'am happy
car oh uh-huh I feel so old today meal yes I wanted to call you since last week when people are
calling you show about moan and don't forget don't sit around in a wet bathing suit it's a good
way to get a bladder infection or yeast infection else go ahead people are calling you show about
mo green and bugsy yeah with same person I guess well there was a scene at the end of bugsy and
a netbending is sitting alone in the casino and these three guys approach her and she doesn't know
that bugs he's dead yet yeah and this guy says is telling her he said well you know we're going to be
taken over out here and bopabon he says toward this is mo he's going to be taken over so that's how
she knew bugs he was dead and I just figured that that was mo green I don't think so no well I mean
you just kind of move from the three stages no because the guy was right when hymen Roth is
doing that thing he's sitting on the couch there with the pipes attached to his thing and his heart
and his oxygen and bud davies next to him and he's sitting there and he makes that little speech
about how mo green you know what out there in a desert and it was nothing there and he built this
empire up out of nothing in the middle of the desert and that's gotta be bugsy seagull also my
that brother's probably just a coincidence oh I don't know but I don't think either one of them
around no mo well my husband took me to the Yankee game Sunday and I saw Kevin Moss yeah you're
right about now we're talking you're right you're right Kevin Moss is great Kevin Moss is the only
thing on the Yankees worth looking at feeling or thinking about hey they ripped off Kevin Wallace huh
I got to tell you are you go to pop it up type person oh all the time well I'm gonna tell you
something first of all my Bruce Rangers are good guy and a good journeyman driver day in and day out
and the nice guy's got a nice so caret like hair you know but I got news for a Kevin Wallace is
like you know I don't want to hurt Bruce he's feeling so good guy but Kevin Wallace is heads and
shoulders above Bruce and his hair is better too okay but I mean you know we get this exciting
last 10th 10th race and Kevin wins it like a champion okay I mean you open legs like
look another big comeback like Jeff Gregory made last week and here Brucey is whipping and
flailing and Gary Lewis if he wouldn't have dropped his shawl on the ground he would have
hit it that horse one more time Wango Tango and he'd gotten third and beat Brucey I
will have this long photo I think they even adjusted the finish line and Brucey gets third now
it's tied okay so if it's tied have a tie breaker race Friday Saturday you know right sometime
I don't think it's fair that's the only way to do a tie I mean you don't play a hockey game until
the end of the game and if it's tied three to three they flip a coin to see who won or they find
out which team paid the most to get in the stadium I mean they play it out I don't think it's
it would have been exciting yourself so instead they have the Kent Williams this parking
pine is crazy connoct he comes up with this idiotic deal where whoever whichever a driver if
you bet two dollars across the board on each one how what the payoff was the most on the five
races well what have they got to do with that they have no control over that I know and the horse
that paid 1360 handshake can of wars like three to one in a morning line he shouldn't have paid no
1360 that's because the people were stupid that's all well I don't think it's fair that we're
getting overnight delivery for a horse well don't get me started on that oh please now you're
starting up and see the thing of it is now all these 700 or however many people that are
involved in our deal which has my name on it by the way those people have got to continue coming
out till the end of the regular meeting now every night that overnight delivery races if they
want to be eligible to share in the pot okay and I think we're going to have a few of those people
like maybe 695 a little bit disgruntled because overnight delivery has let's just keep our fingers crossed
and hope for a miracle you know what I'm saying oh he can't that have to put them in with like
a 20-year-old man like with chicken picker and dick macomba you're right all right Neil well let's
hope for the best and Kevin Wallace's god just don't forget it whenever I call you all the people
I work with rip me the next day to work well how do they know you call me then because they hear me
they say that I'm a real mealy so what's wrong with that then what are they doing listening okay
that's the that's your answer if you're if it was so bad to call me then what the how are they
doing listening with their pathetic little lives well I'd just like to call all the bokeh or
tone letter carriers a bunch of douchebag okay and by the way yeah happy poem happy poem to you bye bye
okay don't you be knocking her she's one of the best callers we've ever had on this show I love her
I mean she's capable of actually having a little dialogue about a whole bunch of different crap
not just one of these one to me oh we got 42 inches of pack powder up there and ask them Rick
god if I have to hear any more about pack powder up your nose or up your butt or any play
sells I don't care what anybody says man they're like 75 people out there who give a crap about
that it's boring no other than no wonder they took his tent away my any hello yeah how you doing
okay yeah I like to talk about how how much I ripped off the bomb is yeah go ahead I'll give you
like two hours it's really bad over there it's real kidding yeah and the thing about off
Vegas and Atlantic City is for all these old people to go to the early birds they can eat like
kings if we got gambling here because it would only be two and three ninety nine or you can eat
uh-huh right there's a lot of people out there that just go and eat in the casinos instead of going
to the store but oh absolutely in the buffets when you go up into buffet man they're like all kinds
of people of all ages including some of the old parts that come up there and have that $3 or
a $350 buffet like at palestation and everywhere it's everywhere you can't beat it and you can go
back and eat enough for like 42 people they don't care yeah I got friends to live out there they
tell me there's thousands of people that just go and stay in the hotel you can't stay in a
luxurious hotel for 50-20 bucks a night anywhere else right that's right hotels are cheap the
food of the almost give it to you and you don't have to gamble you don't have to go in there and
spend a dime if you don't want to that's it I was out there for two weeks I didn't gamble and
we spent a hundred bucks well like I said thank the Lord we don't have to put up with all that money
and excitement down here thank God that the governor bumping lost that 23 bucks is a 12-year-old
child so we won't let us get sucked into those evil things here man I think we're gonna get it in
a few years hey listen once the whole state is bankrupted in about six months then we'll get
anything we want that's what I told you years ago that's what it would take and we're almost
there man we are all we're closing the schools we're closing the doors we're closing the governor's
nose I mean we're done we're history okay thank you good luck okay there we go as quickly I think
this phone was tapped which one is this this is the thing from Cavalaria Rooster Kanna
to one where Michael comes in and says butcher Anthony butcher Anthony says too late papa too late
1146 1146 at W.I.O.D let's talk about the exercises a little bit later okay
so there's this a priest with his head spinning around
Demi why you do this to me Demi 14 to gotta what does the guy say can he help an old altar boy
father is nobody says something like that father carous father Damian carous see that I can
remember I can't remember Jerry Markbright from the NFL but I can't remember every line of dialogue
in the movies that count like Lee J. Cobb answer the question father paranoia great line great
a great actor Lee J. Cobb was so great and then they bring in George C. Scott at exercise three
one of the most overrated actors he's patent man he's out even when he was looking for his daughter
in the porno film he was still patent okay he just uh something about that nose anyway if
the porkers who got their nose in your business like in your uh drivers license and in your uh
whatever then call the ticket defense team if you pay that ticket instead of fighting it man you
got problems you think it like washes it away forget it you get points on your record your insurance
can go up and of course you can wind up with suspended a license or revoked whichever comes first
and if you go to traffic school you're just spinning your wheels because all traffic school cases
appear on your permanent motor vehicle record and just one ticket alone can increase your insurance
rates 30 to 40 percent I'm getting choked up just thinking about what they're doing to people
for just 99 bucks the ticket defense team will send their expert attorneys into court to defend
you to go to bat for you even smokey Burgers never pinch hit like this man and you don't even have
to be there so they really do a great job check it out next time you get nailed by the porkers out
there with their radar and their vascular and shooting their thing between their legs down the road
call the ticket defense team and let them fight back for you in day 377 83 26
377 team any place out of date it's 1 800
here president George boy you know when I'm out there campaigning
sometimes my energy gets as low as my ratings that's why I always carry a bake-cock-a-beth
George bushes campaign trail mix it's my source of primary energy it's fall a nutty
propals and sweet meals the rich flavor of capital grains and if you dig deep enough
you might even find some fruits
I'm going to keep me a regular guy
yes George bushes campaign trail mix a little hard to swallow but it's just what the spin
doctor ordered it's good yeah look in a box of it this morning no nuts 1151 at WIOD here's a
lady in Fort Lauderdale hello happy for me happy for him to you sweetie happy home and
passion I wanted to ask you how you felt about on guiding light yes about harley and mallet
finally doing the hardest well god I mean it's a little anti-climactic if you're
pardoned expression my there is there I never seen a show it is like 20 years of foreplay
between everybody involved in there you know yeah after the dream and by the time they finally
get around to it you're so bored already with them I mean forget it I'm sorry he's just too hot
for words I'm one he oh man my lunch is coming back up oh I got kisky stuck in my throat oh come on
he's like he's like Ron Jeremiah junior man he's a furball and he and when's he gonna dump those
crutches already I know he's hanging on to those baby well you know he broke his leg for real
sometime back well I know because they didn't show it on the show it all right I said so they
got to be they're probably dying to get rid of those crutches themselves if they Roger didn't
remember Roger was sleeping around with a cane for a while there well he also had like something
happened to in real life oh yeah like like maybe a rock should fall on his head or something but
he only kept that cane for a couple of minutes you know mallet's got these for like 18 weeks right
right right um I know it's also going to ask you about your pool are you going to go with the
no I'm doing propane gas if they ever get around to putting it in over there at people's gas
propane gas you're gonna pay about 130 dollars a month okay that's not bad that's not bad
that when you make the big bucks honey you just the economy they need my money I got to go
and circulate it oh well must be nice yeah it's not it's not nice it's so driving me nuts in this
place well if you go if you don't go with solar then I'm just gonna have to call you a douchebag
I'm not I'm not going with solar not putting no holes in my roof okay oh there's not that many
holes all I'll tell you if I live long enough for them to get all the permits for to put in my
my propane I mean who knows what's gonna happen here it's already the middle of March I've been
there over a month now I've been there five weeks and I could have already been using that pool
but I'm telling you in plantation don't get me started again don't get me started every every
morning when I put my dogs out there's an inspector to see if they got their permits to squat
well that's because they have to make sure that it's not gonna explode on you Neil yeah
Tom to explode on this have a great day okay Neil bye bye yeah all right they're protecting me they're
protecting the public there like those 85 palm trees I got to put up to protect the public from the
unsightly top of my satellite dish as they drive over that one sixteenth of a mile and peer through
my male alukas and see oh I wonder if what's that oh too late like if you blink you wouldn't see it
but let's have him put up about 75,000 palm trees back there okay let's dig up the whole god damn back yard
by the way my grass is coming back nicely thank you slowly but nicely and Chris Rollins by the way
our miracle Barryman was right this busy all these people keep them all water it like crazy well
you're in wrong you're crazy it's just like wasting the water that's all once a week 60 minutes
and man it uh i watered it the other day and it's doing it now it's like dancing and the water too
for a lot of day i mean i have been on hold for about half an hour man so what's wrong with that i
got a lot of calls here today sir just hold your horses oh they say a poppano i hate to uh i hate to
make you upchuck the lunch but i have unfortunately a report of one of your best friends in the whole
world being back in town plastic man is back in town oh no he's doing what hot he is doing what he
is now with w r m f as the that's not back in town that why why do you people in palm beach up
there think that that's back in town no no no i live in broward i was so what would you say back in town
he's back in the area far not far enough away but close he's still living in broward and he says
that his sales area as well as being manager is his old accounts in the Miami broward area well i
can't think of any of those he couldn't listen if you were starving in the desert he couldn't
tell you a big bottle of snapple for a dime okay i mean the man is just incredible but his hair is
perfect he's just to be exactly never has a hair out of place i got it i got it i got it i got it
you inspired me sir i know what you got i got the card i know exactly what you got yep go right
if you can play i'll be more happy with it okay give him a big kiss on the phone he lived for me
listen um he we is douche bag and keep it up in the old egg it easy okay bye bye look over it feels
it's a nerd it's wing mornin now no it's plastic man the loudest man in radio
plastic man with his faithful sidekick the hipster fight radio personalities sales managers and clients
in their never ending struggle to increase sales build their fortunes and maintain that close up
smile this week plastic man in the hipster arrange your remote broadcast well it looks like that time
again time to go out and explore strange new ways to build the client at a dough golly plastic man
do you think we can do it have faced my little friend if there's money to be made we'll be there
later that day will the client well you see it like this you pay us lots of money and we'll see
to it that Neil Rogers comes to your house to sing the star spangled banner at your kids little
league game where i don't know plastic man do you think me or do it no problem i have that man
right where i want him i'll just use my close up smile to persuade him to do it and if that
doesn't work we can always send the hipster out for him pedal drive him nuts pull the annoyance
plastic man that's just straighten him out okay we'll go outside join our super zeros next week when
you'll hear them say to our traffic department hey good looking what's it gonna take some
loose spots around the adventures of plastic man in the hipster plastic man in the hipster action
figures hold separately and both gone long gone long long gone man today they must they must
put all these people through some kind of a serious exam before they hire him for sales here like
they got a register zero on the Richter scale zero or in the minus column that hipnic man we'll
see a superstar or what and what a fresher what a free loader at the ball games man in a cheap
drunk beside he was the best he was the best between him and john lynched the two of them could
like drink the whole country dry oh sorry about that john that's part of our Irish mafia john lynched
good guy keep drunk for waterdale uncle Neil yes sir i think maybe i can clear this uh
mo green thing up side of grown people crawling around on their hands and knees and acting like
five-year-old juveniles precludes my attending our annual Christmas party yes sir go ahead
okay Neil did you read the latest book out to jadgers who were autobiography
uh uh on auto biography well biographer you know i haven't read that i read one about him though but
i just you're like to read the new one about all his boyfriend's i mean about the stuff that's
okay it came like a vision to me about two in the morning um there was a chapter in there
about the mafia and in that chapter they described when uh buggy civo got killed yeah and there were
a little little mood music i like that i like that there you're um three men from the
Jewish mafia that killed them one guy's name was most something lary and curly right and the other
guy's name was something green and there was a third guy pumpkin green used to play for the red
sock i think that was him or may have been his brother moisha uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
i think pumpkin he had a brother moisha would have been strange family go ahead but um
uh and he put the two names together and got mo green and it it was an amazing thing i figured
it out that's where mo green came from great homework sir even chylah columns would be impressed
that's that is true and have a great life i was like to say mark pudders my brother while you are
a major student back to have a great life happy poor friend zai gizun a lane editor who wouldn't
know a homotasha from her boyfriend's nose and quite frankly have you ever seen the two of
together. I wonder if her boyfriend's got like poppy seeds in his nose. Along with all that here.
Anyway, Elaine's got the new NYOD nose. Rick and SUDs Laura corn is back with her corns
and her book 237 intimate questions that every woman should ask a man. Like are those things
really ever going to fall out of your nose? Curry? Curry? Curry? What is your name, Curry?
And news around a planet with Rick and SUDs this afternoon. Sunny and Joe on Sports Talk at 605
and Dave County State Attorney, the illustrious, the Ebullian, the large,
Janorino with the very large Hank Goldberg A-11 o'clock tonight.
This is South Florida's news. DRAPIC WZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in the Palm Beaches
is the best morning show in South Florida. I don't think I was just a nice here on an AM station
as a hero in my book. Do you like State Thomas Aquatic? You got no problem with me. Even the other
morning shows listen to the The O'Rodges show on the date of fall. I hope you beat me in the
ring. You better than I have. Well, what can we say about that? I am that Hemerite,
1206 at WIOD. And you remember the time I saw Joey in Windixie that night and I came on to
here that's like a couple of months ago and I mentioned it and I'm sure it was him. I'm positive.
And we got all these different while the conflicting stories about Joey. Does anybody care?
Of sunrise. Well now that I guess Paulie's gone and well George is out of his mind. I guess
I guess Bill Clinton is the only one with a little foreskin. Hey Neil, how you doing?
I'm out here in beautiful sunrise today. Who the hell is this? Who is this?
This is Mr. Anoucet. Oh, well isn't that wonderful? I'm an answer just like you Neil.
Well that's great. What station to York at Exxon? No, I don't work at any station. I'm self-employed
and I just sit in a little happy sleep. Well that means you're like out of work on a beach.
Good. Join a club. Let me tell you something. Go ahead. I am a virgin. I mean a virgin
caller with your fabulous show. And I would just like to tell you about this tremendous. I mean
absolutely. Can you believe I talk like this? Yes. Absolutely ridiculous.
Book meeting that I saw today as I was driving off the Seahorse Expressway.
I'm talking about the songgrass of course, Neil. Don't I really sound official?
Anyway, I was coming off the song and expressway. I know the minute, Neil. Hold your foot
or what is this? Is this Bush Bing Bang in drag or what? Well I'm something.
God. Anyway, I'm coming off the Seahorse Expressway at sunrise. You're coming off
or something. I'll write I think it's a three day drunk. Well, no, I'm I'm I'm I haven't had a drink
in years. Right. Anyway, I'm coming off the Seahorse Expressway looking off to my left. And what do I
see? But there must have been more pigston in a pig pen. Neil, I didn't have to drive through there.
I had to walk through there and guess what, Neil? I heard the reason that they're pulling people
over is to see if they have like cigarette lighters that are hot and I'll give you a ticket.
Right. What is the meaning of those still? They have the hodomeater and if your thing is too hot
man, you're your history. I'll pay you dead. These guys feel that there must have been there must have
been at least a dozen. Who is this? This is Mr. Anoubster. No, seriously. Who is this? We've got to
know who this is. Who is this? I wouldn't repeat my name on the on the air. Even if I had your
paycheck. Yeah, I bet you would about 20 times you'd repeat it. Then you'd only wouldn't have to
walk over you again. Okay. Nice talking to you, Mr. Anoubster.
This fabulous relationship. It's just Mr. Anoubster, a pen beautiful sunrise.
Goodbye. Have a nice life, Neil. Who was that? I know who that is. You know what I'm saying?
It's like Jerry Markbright. I know who it is, but I can't put my finger on it probably.
Who was that? It sounded like a cross between Gary Owens and Rush Limbaugh.
Tell me, Mr. Mike Raphon. Yeah. It's Mr. Microphone. Oh, that was what's his name? That was what
you call it? Ron Hershey Highway, wasn't it? No, he don't sound like that. It's Mr. Microphone.
Oh, so Sonny's too embarrassed to call him now because he's made a fool of himself. He keeps
sticking at banana in his mouth in public and has been banned in most of South Florida as a result.
So now he's got Mr. Microphone call again. That did sound like him. How come he's so good on
this show and those things he does on air so lame? God. This is Mr. Microphone and it's the Sonny
Fox show with Ron Hershey and Sonny Fox. Oh, God. Give me a break, Sonny. That was Mr. Microphone.
What is probably searching for an audience? Sooner or later, they all land over here, man. They
consumer credit law center. Speak of the devil. If you're one of the thousands of radio dead
meets out there, brother, sister, then you need the consumer credit law center. They can remove
those derogatory, disgusting, revolting bad things from a credit report and everybody deserves
a second chance. Even people in this business, except you know who next door at the coast,
who's probably had more chances than they ever ready. It takes about 90 to 120 days to correct
and they're going to eliminate those things from your credit bureau files. In fact, they go out
on T. That's right. It's 100% guaranteed. They're serviced to clear your records or you get your
money back. 400 bucks for a single five hundred dollars for a couple and you can even finance their
fee. How the hell do you like that? If you've had bankruptcies, bad debts, late credit card payments
for closures, IRS leans, chapter seven, chapter 11, chapter 182, whatever it is. Instead of letting
those sit around and running your credit by being on there for seven years, have them wiped away
with a consumer credit law center and get a fresh start. Call them today. 832-0130. Tell
a Mr. Microphone, told you to call. 832-0130. Have you taken a good look in your closet lately?
14. We have an open-line in Broward where Mr. Radooshbag was on and somebody just dropped off in
date. I can't get over that. Look at that. Now, I feel really depressed. We were doing so well,
you know. We started out a little slow, a little late back this morning and then they all got
lit up like somebody like little jagged a camera right under their butt. 751 WIOD and date and 524
in Broward. Cutleridge. Yes, sir. I have to follow Mr. Microphone. He was, that was Mr. Microphone.
That was his brother-in-law. Well, this is a cutleridge chronic that at least I had a problem.
Calling from death row. What is it? Cutleridge chronic. Yeah. I have a good telephone. So at least I got it.
You could fool a hell out of me, sir. You sound like you're calling from like the Roseanne bars, but.
Okay. He was talking about gangsters with badges. Yeah. Okay.
Where you going? Okay. You know, the fraud lover call got me set off. I've been set off anyway,
but she hit it right on the head. You know, what was wrong with him and every ask his or
the likes like him is that they cater to the policies of Reagan Bush and all their fascist
crony. Yep. I mean, I mean, it's, you know, back in the 16s. I don't want to be old-fashioned,
but you are either part of the problem or part of the solution. And every political group,
they need their sons, their soldiers and good music there. Here we have state and local pigs,
IRS, and GK's us. Yep. You know, and not to get too far from it, but I have a six,
I have a case of federal court, but I had 20 to the money stolen from the amount of federal
government. Henry Barrow's got a case of federal court. Yep. Seagrums.
And this is serious. I guess I can't get into the detail, but there were no drugs involved.
Yep. That's illegal. Right. So money. It was cash money on both the property.
And this is being, if the cash is being transported, we have received four units. It's been so
a fort for a year and a half. I still don't have my money to go in.
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I'll be back.
So good luck to you, sir. Okay. Hang in there.
Okay. Going to backyard, you ain't that weed out of the ground right now, pal.
Or you're dead meat.
1216 at WIOD.
Well, I missed your microphone, Jr. Just kind of like set me off there. I wasn't expecting that,
you know, and I'm not them still like about only 20% recovered from this crud.
It's my Malaluka thing again. If she ever calls, if anybody calls me and starts
talking to China with that Malaluka crab man, I'm just going to jump right through the microphone,
Mr. Jupiter. Hello, Neil. Hello. How are you?
Happy Purim to you, sir. Okay. I'm going to go in post. I don't know what that is.
I bet they're having a lot of big Purim parties up there in Jupiter right now,
or probably right next door like right on the edge of Uranus. Right out in the farm there.
Yeah. All the Yiddlauch and the farm, man, are really doing it.
They're right on. Yes, sir. Listen, did you get your cable hooked up?
Ah, it wasn't. They did finally call me. I will say that last the Friday, I believe.
I haven't called them back. I figure if it took them six weeks to call me,
I'll wait about five or six and then give them a friendly.
They'll be billing you tomorrow, don't worry.
No, they already are billing me for my old address. So I'm not like stealing anything.
I have the exact same service. They just don't know that I've got it.
And they don't even know that I've moved because evidently they got lost in the translation
because they're too busy sending out bills. Yeah, really?
Well, I saw some on TV. They said they'd hook it up right away. 1-800-Cable-Me.
I thought I'd give you a call. Tom, Tom to call what 800-Cable-This?
Yeah, cable. Then well, that's too many letters.
Well, that's okay. It'll still get the message across.
That referee is Jerry Markbright.
No, no. Wrong. Markbright. I will bet you every dime that I have in my paycheck against 50 cents.
Well, his name is Markbright.
Well, you're a famous news guy there said Markham.
So you're saying Markbright now and it's Markbright.
Wrong. Jerry Markbright. I've been watching the National Football League, sir, for 36 years.
His name is Jerry Markbright. I can see his ugly face in front of me right now.
And I can see him emphatically punching out those arms.
Time out, TV, time out, right now. Trust me.
And his microphone's not working.
Right. Well, that's always true.
Right. Especially for that Jerry segment that holds the old and the way it's 14 pounds.
What does it irritate me? They take it away.
Replay.
That's a bunch of crap. We finally get something good so that at least once in a while we can get a call.
That's right. Not too often.
Well, they have a big game and we got one of those calls again.
I'm telling everyone I'm taking my helmet sack of rias out to J.R.S.
and my artillery and my tank.
The M.L.B. Fumbling and yeah.
Yeah. Bad.
Peter Crenzer's a douchebag.
Okay. Going back to Rochester this week.
Really?
And he's going to eat white hot until his blood pressure goes through the road.
That'll do it, man. Just about two days of Donum Bob's and Vic and Irv's
and that'll do it. He'll be dead meat.
Yeah.
Well, have a great day, sir.
And give a big kiss on the lilacs.
I don't kiss him. See you later.
Okay. Oh, excuse me.
Haha.
Make a note of that, George.
We have an open line out of town.
I mean, he's called from Jupiter.
He don't want to spoil us.
Emma Jup there.
He got a lot of kin listening right now.
A lot of kin folk and farm folk and they don't like that kind of stuff.
You know what I mean?
Them folk.
Oh, what are we doing now?
Oh, we're doing Toyota Hollywood.
We like them folk, man, because they're great folk over there.
Toyota Hollywood calling all Toyota buyers potential or thinking about it.
Because it's a Toyota buyer's alert at Toyota of Hollywood.
Don't even think about buying a new Toyota until you check with the
bald old Irish Patrick Murray.
Happy St. Patty's Day and happy Purim Patrick.
You got to see the prices waiting for you right now on a all-new 92 Toyota.
For example, and these are like for real prices not just to come on.
And no tuxedo is by the way.
And no fat old Adijas.
A brand new 92 Toyota Corolla starting in only 8,499.
How about a sporty New Tercelle?
How about it starting in just 6175?
The all-new exciting camera in the 92 Camry by the way.
As a pretty damn neat car.
Henry just got one from just 12,199.
And the all-new 92 Toyota pickups below invoice this weekend only.
So if you shop price, no other dealer in the southeast is offering prices this low
and you know it.
Excellent prices for all trade-ins and outstanding financing waiting for you right now.
At Toyota of Hollywood on 441 between Tafton's Sheridan streets in Hollywood.
Just a couple of blocks down the street from the Hollywood twin city.
Attention South Florida flea market merger.
1227 at WID.
Welcome to our little party, ma'am.
Whoever you are.
So nice to have you with us and see how agreeable we are sometimes.
Unless somebody calls up an axel like a psychotic bitch.
By the way, the Dr. Susan Block show I want to mention this again.
I'm no who left this but I'm pretty excited.
Can we look into this George?
Can we take our show on the road?
It says,
a makes Dr. Susan Block makes love to Orlando on WQBQ Radio.
Can we at least get some tapes of that?
Some audio effects?
Something.
And she's doing her series of four safe sex shows with Orlando I believe or in Orlando.
Well that's bad.
On the subjects of masturbation,
phone sex, making out and heavy petting and condoms.
Not necessarily in that order.
Okay 1228 let's go to Hollywood on the star line.
Hi, how you doing Neil?
I'm doing it, man.
I want to wish you a heartfelt happy perum.
Do you want your mark?
Yeah.
I think you were talking about that.
You were talking about it.
I think it might be Jerry Panacoli.
The what?
The Jerry Panacoli and the Jerobo, yeah.
It could be him.
Right.
I think it's a disgrace that they're...
It was kind of embarrassing when a Jerobo would run out on the field and get lost.
They'd delay the game for hours at a time.
Anyway, I think it's terrible that they remove that.
The instant replay, it's thanks.
Mark my words, sir.
Mark my words.
They're going to be real sorry, real fast.
Like in the first week of the season next year, they're going to be real sorry.
You're absolutely right.
A lot of bad calls last year.
Yeah.
So anyway.
Even with the replay, there were a lot of bad calls.
Can you imagine now it's going to be on Nightmare?
Terrible.
Anyway, I want to suck around on my first time listener, first time caller.
No, you're a young Neil.
No, you're not.
Yeah, have a nice life.
Boy, who you can.
What a sense of humor he's got.
1229 at WIOD.
Let's go home now because I got my check and we had a good lunch and the calls have been not too bad.
And we had Mr. Microphone and we had that first time young lady and not too bad today,
huh? For a Thursday in a crappy town.
Starlines open, star IOD.
Fort Lauderdale.
Good afternoon, sir.
Good afternoon to you, sir.
I saw the native bumper sticker, Neil.
That said, you've seen the insignia for the Japanese orange sun with the white background.
Yes, sir.
That just ain't all across it.
I love it.
Just ain't all.
Was it like on a Toyota or something?
No, it's on American cars.
Oh, okay.
Anyway, sorry Pat Murray, in the great sense of humor, folks.
Anyway, oh, by the way, there was a thing in the, Pat Buchanan had a one of his stupid press conferences
yesterday and his wife was up there on the podium and they said, are you going to get rid of the
the Mercedes and she got up there.
She said it's for sale.
Anybody want to make an offer?
Ha, ha, ha, not, you know?
Really?
Anyway, we said if you scraped a swastik off the windshield,
she'll like maybe like consider it.
Fashions, pigs.
No doubt about it.
Anyway, the reason I call, I think that the instant replay, I think they should give each coach two or
three chances to use it at their own discretion.
Right.
And the story, let's come up to revenue there advertising and everything they're going to lose.
No doubt.
You know, shortens again.
Once they find that out, man.
No doubt.
Although I was reading a thing in the satellite TV week yesterday that the NFL,
because they made such a greedy, disgusting deal with the owners that they're like
extending it and it's like almost they're giving it to the networks for nothing for a couple of years.
You know what I'm saying?
Were they talking about pay-per-view now?
We're never going to have to forget it.
Never going to happen.
Never will fly.
Believe me, that'd be the way.
Depth now of the game if they try that crap.
That's back.
With about 80% of those games that are on Monday night, they couldn't pay us to watch them.
Anyway, if you can give me a little chill on my bones, I'm homesick.
Let's hear some dick pertin or some p-cale W or something.
Well, I think I'm having to relapse.
Well, what the hell ever happened to dick pertin by the way?
Kathy Payne and he asked Livingston call the other day and said that when dick was done on a
West Coast a couple of weeks ago he was trying to call on the 800 number and of course couldn't
get through, which I find hard to believe.
Because anybody can get through on our 800 live, but he's back up in Detroit,
making a lot of bucks.
Okay, smart, have a good day.
There you go.
Oh, whatever happened to my CKLW, Jingles.
Oh, you remember CKLW, sir?
You're losing it.
What?
Oh, yeah, I just believe me, I do.
Oh, I don't like that.
But Davies likes it.
It's nice and slow.
Yeah, okay, now we're doing it.
Right on the Edselford Expressway, sir.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Have a great day.
Ciao.
Bye-bye.
See you at the loose finder, Deli.
Not.
See at Skipper's Table for that used to be great.
There was a Deli, not a Deli, a Smorgas board place.
There were two of them one in Plymouth.
And the other one on, I think seven mile road in Detroit,
they were called Skipper's Table, Smorgas board.
And most Smorgas board places are like for old people.
I don't want to mention any down here.
They're like mostly out of business where they go in and they put their teeth in the glass
and it fizzes while they eat.
And the spaghetti tastes like the corn and the mashed potatoes taste like the meat loaf.
Now this was great.
Skipper's Table.
And you could go back like a hundred times
that I had a friend salesman as a matter of fact.
I shouldn't say that.
A radio salesperson from Albee in Michigan.
And before we go to the track at Hazel Park or Wolf Arena tonight,
we go over to Skipper's Table and eat about 400 pounds worth of food for like $3.99.
That was the best Skipper's Table man.
They don't make them like that anymore.
Plantation.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Now Luke is aren't in bloom now.
Oh.
And if the thing you got gets into your chest,
you're going to think you have bronchitis and pneumonia wrapped up into one.
What does that mean?
It means that you'll be coughing your brains out.
What do you mean the thing I got?
I got a head cold.
Well, don't let it drop down.
Don't let it.
How about my cold?
Tap that too.
Oh, no, it's like almost gone.
All right.
I think.
You're trying to talk me back into it, aren't you?
Yeah.
Misery loves comforting.
Why not?
Okay.
I'll work on it.
See you.
It's just so Godfather intensive today.
Yes.
The only thing I've seen that's bigger than you, I feel is a day I walked up behind
Hank Goldberg at the track.
Okay.
Smart ass, man.
I'll tell you.
Which one have I got out?
I don't even know which one of these I got out.
I'm so damn Godfather intensive.
I got them all out.
Oh.
Number two.
I'll tell you when you're having a stressful, traumatic, awful day,
there's just something so soothing about this music.
I know about you, but it sure does it for me.
It just kind of calms me down.
So, like somebody is making me a musical offer that I can't refuse.
Let's do Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Buenos tardes.
Ostelewego.
Ostelevista.
Osteeras.
Let's do a leisure city.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
I'm doing it.
That's good.
Hey, I'm first off I want to clarify you on that replay.
Oh, I love it.
Go ahead.
Not only did the douchebag yet vote against the Giants also vote against it.
Not only them, but also the counterfeit bills.
All the New York State teams voted against it.
What the hell did they know?
Well, let's see.
Did the Giants get tried to pull a fast one?
Yeah, the Giants also because the Giants and the Jets were like back to back on the list.
I'm pretty sure.
Yeah, triple play there.
Yeah, screw them.
Did you have you seen any of this baby lollipop trial?
Baby lollipops.
First of all, the name of the trial just I mean, what the media does here,
I just I have a headache from thinking about it.
Yeah, well, have you seen that girl who's testifying for the state of Libya?
Well, a girl I guess whatever Olivia Gonzalez.
Yeah, you seen the sideburns on her, man.
Oh, yeah.
She looks like Elvis.
She looks like Luke Perry on Beverly Hills 902 164 3, 8.
Are those babies real or is that Charles Alfieri sideburned?
Right.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know.
Do you tell her to butcher up?
Only her proctologist knows for sure, sir.
Yeah, I want to ask you about this Buchanan thing.
Who?
You know, not but Buchanan.
Buchanan, a guy who's trying to run president.
He can't be president.
He's a hymeric.
Yeah, hymeric.
He can't be president really, can't he?
I mean, didn't they pass a law after Roosevelt was president, Franklin Roosevelt,
that no more president with the same last name?
Yeah, they had Teddy and then and we already had a president name Buchanan.
Right.
So they can't use that.
Too bad because the Cubs were hoping to get Steve Wilson elected president
before they traded him the Dodgers and they just missed out.
They just pull away.
They're way to get rid of them though.
Yeah.
Well, listen, have a great day.
In fact, it would be a good way to get rid of Danny Jackson too,
but I guess that we got beat on that baby too.
Have a great life, sir.
Look at that two open lines in day.
That's a first and hours on this show.
Does that mean we're like coming screeching to a halt in the middle of lunch hour?
We hope not.
God, they just know how to stick it to you when you least expect your rate at 524.
No, what is it?
I don't even know what the number is.
751, I think it's setting into my lungs deep towards you.
