First Chris Rollins with you needed.
New stock radio 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk with Neil Dial 751 WIOD from
date in Broward 524 WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code toll free 1-800-944 WIOD and Bell South mobility customers
make it a free call by dialing star IOD.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show on new stock radio 610 WIOD.
Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Oh!
Folks, I'd like to see a song about American Dream.
About me, about you.
About the way our American heart speed way down in the bottom of our chest.
How about that special feeling we get in the cockles for hours?
Maybe below the cockles, maybe in the sub-cockle area, maybe in the liver, maybe in the kidneys, maybe even in the colon.
We don't know.
I'm just a regular Joe with a regular job.
I'm your average white, suburban ice lounge.
I like the fall and torn open books about full.
I got an average house where the nice hardwood floor, my wife and my job, my kids and my car.
I'll speed on my table and I'll cue this a go.
But sometimes I'm just kinda luck to keep a man like me.
Oh no, no way.
I know I've got to go out and have fun.
And someone else has an expense.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I drive really slow in the olds for fast planes.
Well people behind me are going insane.
I'm gonna throw you.
I'm gonna throw you.
I use public toilets and I saw the seat.
I walk around in the summer times and I'm about to steal.
I'm gonna throw you.
I'm gonna throw you.
I use public toilets and sometimes I'm more in the handicap spaces.
Well handicapped people make handicapped spaces.
I'm gonna throw you.
I'm gonna throw you.
Baby I should be singing this song.
Ranting and raping and carrying on.
Baby they're right for they tell me I'm wrong.
Now I'm gonna steal you.
Come on, let's go.
You know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna get myself a 1967 channel at Gil Dorado convertible.
Hot pink with a whale in a hop-champ and all other cow in the carrier
and pinks round baby seal eyes red and my cat.
And I'm gonna try browning that baby at 150 miles per hour
and getting one mile per gallon.
It's not gonna now afford to find a cheeseburger for McDonald's
and the old fashioned non-bite or grateful styrofoam containers.
And when I'm done sucking down those grease ball burgers
I'm gonna wipe my mouth with the American flag.
And then I'm gonna toss the styrofoam containers right off the side.
And then I'm gonna got them saying anybody can do about it.
You know why?
Because we got the bomb.
That's why two words.
You're queer in weapons of day.
Russia, Germany, Romania they can have all the democracy they want.
They can have a big democracy.
They walk right through the middle of the enemy square.
And it won't make a lick of difference because we got the bomb.
So guys, John Wayne's not dead.
He's frozen.
And as soon as we find a cure for cancer we're gonna throw up that tooth.
And he's gonna be pretty pissed off.
You know why?
Have you ever taken a cold shower?
Who multiply that by 15 million times?
That's how pissed off the tooth's gonna be.
I'm gonna get the tooth.
And John gets the bedding and we are making a second blind and a case of it.
And try done a texting.
You know who really are an asshole?
I should just shut up and sing this dog foul.
Come on up.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
I'm gonna throw it.
Throw it.
Hey, SSH-O.
L.A.E.
Everybody has SSH-O.
L.A.E.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm an asshole and I'm proud of this.
Hey, man.
10 after noon and things have really thinned out to a precious few.
And you know when it started?
Clied.
Clied?
It came coral.
Not only are you chronic, but you have just decimated the show today.
You've devastated this.
And the only reason I left him on so long is because I thought he was gonna need help.
I thought he was gonna need like actual physical assistance in being carried away before the end of the call.
And it turns out to be just another goddamn chronic.
They're all over the state.
They're all over America.
From coast to coast and the reason they're out there is because assholes like Steve Gilbert and Mark Larson and all these others,
they don't care as long as they can get like a living voice on the other end of the phone.
They don't give a crap.
Oh, here we go.
Here's another easy 15 minutes.
Let's put, what's his name from Newville from Newport, Richeyon.
Let's put Clyde from Cape Coralon for 10, 15, 20 minutes, half an hour.
Oh, God.
So anyway, we got a lot of open lines.
So I guess we could play a bunch of bits and stuff since we don't know what's happening on Thursday.
All we do know the next Tuesday we had the big bosses coming in, man, Nick Tregoni and Bob Neal are coming in from Atlanta to Neal on this.
Palm Beach on the Star Line.
Hi, Neal.
Yes, sir.
Happy holidays.
And happy New Year to you, sir.
Listen, I'm really getting a handle on what your bosses are like.
Yes.
It seems to me you begin the program most often with an announcement that the opinions expressed on this program are not necessarily those of management.
Yes.
Okay, well, you're intelligent and they don't support that.
What call does that mean?
Well, it means that you favor tolerance.
They don't support that opinion.
Sir, have a nice life.
Terminal.
Suda intellectual.
Call up Ed Till and talk about syntax.
Okay, I'm going to give it one more shot and then I'm going to assume that for the holidays and for whatever other reasons that we're done here today.
And we'll just play like a lot of exciting stuff like that.
Two open lines in days, 751, 2 and Broward, 524, 1 in Tampa, St. Pete, Queerwater, Quark Screw, 180944, 2 of them now on the out of townline.
I'll tell you one thing.
This today is about as much fun as taking like, brillo pads and doing a number on your navel with it.
Although it is something to think about.
12 minutes after knowing on the IOD network.
Catch the latest news from the 610 WIOD News Center each hour.
Cross an update on traffic and the current weather forecast.
WIOD.
Joey Reynolds sucked in the forties and he still sucks in the 90s.
Oh!
First, there was disco.
Then there was 30 dancing.
No.
There's lamb bottomy.
I'm the brainless dance.
Lamb bottomy.
I'm shake your booty till your brains fall out.
Lamb bottomy.
I'm being performed at an operating theater near you.
Lantana.
Gone.
Hello.
Long gone.
Probably expired in Lantana.
We have an open line in Broward 5241 and Day 751 and won on the Tampa St. Pete.
This is it.
Last call for WSUN, man, before we shut the switch off.
I mean, those people are so uninvolved and as much as I might pick on Ford Myers.
They've been on for like what?
For two and a half weeks, something like that?
And they're like, even with Clyde, who we don't ever want to hear from again,
even a phony attempt at being involved.
That line.
George.
Who's this?
That was George.
What do you want, Dan?
We're on the air, Dan.
I need to speak to George.
You can't speak to George.
What do you want?
What do you want, Dan?
Can I speak to George?
About what?
What about?
He said he's busy tonight.
You can't talk to him after two.
For what?
Thank you so much, Neil.
For what?
I need to speak to what?
What about?
What do you need?
If it's something clandestive, you can't talk about it on the air, then you shouldn't be talking to him at all.
What does he want to talk to him about?
Do you still work here?
As far as I know.
Did they blow you out?
No, you haven't taken care of that yet.
Have they put in that black face on yet?
Huh?
May I speak to George?
What are you getting so sorely about?
Boy, you are the moodyest bastard I've ever known in my life.
You're not.
No wonder that guy beat you up all the time.
Dan, hold on.
Okay, talk to Dan and see what the hell he wants.
He sounds like he's in a real bitchy mood.
We have an open line in day, 751 and 1 and 1 and 1, and 524.
That was the best call of the day.
And I wasn't even supposed to be on the air.
That was the best call of the century.
North Miami, hello.
Hey, Neil, would you get to see that movie a few good men?
No.
Oh, man.
Wake up and smell my cojones, man.
We have an open line, two of men day, 751 and 1 and 1 and 1, and 524.
And let's do a pomping obi.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to tell you one of your strengths is that you're at least willing to listen to opposing points of you
and discuss them intelligently.
About what?
About almost anything I've ever listened to you.
I lived in South Florida from 59 to 89.
How are you pressing?
Yeah.
I've heard you in West Palm and I now live in Columbus, Ohio, which is quite depressing also down here visiting for the holidays.
The reason I'm calling though is that although you're willing to discuss the issues without hanging out.
I don't discuss issues that we don't do issues.
I don't what you're talking about.
We don't discuss issues.
You have points of view.
I mean, that up for land.
I think you do it well.
If the station's looking to cut money, I would start with Jim Mandage.
Because this is a guy anytime I called in back in the late end.
Sir, I want to tell you something right now, okay?
I like Jim Mandage.
We have two open lines in dates.
You see, and I'm not willing to listen to that crap.
Don't start like with the...
See, he's trying to set me up again.
Here's another one of these little psychoanalysts who wants to set me up.
Oh, I know you're willing to do that.
I'm going to listen to all points of you, bam, and then he goes on to wants to rip Jim Mandage, okay?
So he did go to Michigan.
So he did smoke a few many trees, okay?
That's his problem.
I like Jim Mandage, and I'm not going to sit here and listen to you debase and degrade one of the few decent remaining people we have on the staff here.
They're blowing out the whole goddamn station.
And what do you want to do?
This guy probably works for packs and enterprises or something.
He probably is an O'shaan provocateur from QAM.
He probably Joe Rose's boyfriend.
I don't know who he is, but get out of our face and go back to Columbus, eh?
Get on the sand of the Maria and the...
thing there.
The ninta de Pinta and the Sinta Morinta.
Get on all three ships.
Stick your ass on there.
Get out of my face.
Disgusting obnoxious.
That's all he wanted to do is call up and rip everybody else on the station, okay?
It's all he know how to do.
I said yesterday I would not take another one of those calls and I won't.
I will never listen to another one of those calls unless you're attacking Reneerie.
Boy, this really sucks today.
You know, your priorities out there, it's wonderful.
It's really great.
Oh, let's go to the malls now.
It's the after holiday sales.
And let's go out and deck the halls with rolls of holly and all this other stuff.
Let's do a...
But in the meantime, what about us?
I want my cigarettes, Miss Ratchet.
I'm going to do a chezwick at the staff meeting on Monday.
I am going to do a chezwick at the staff meeting right out there in the back.
We're going to have the whole staff out there at two o'clock.
And I'm going to just go spastic.
I want some attention.
I want some attention.
I want my problems taking care of.
I want my problems taking care of Miss Grogreen.
Is that his name, Miss Green?
Something like that.
What I want to hell your name is.
We don't see him often enough to remember what his name is.
I want to see these lines smoking.
Okay, in fact, I just lit up a little cheap cigar here at Grenadier.
I'm smoking.
I want to see you smoking.
I want to see these lines.
I want to see some emotion on these lines.
You're lethargic.
It's holiday time again.
It's another one of the eight million excuses.
That's why I have nightmares.
That's why I break out and cold sweats about this business.
Because we have to not only work for a bunch of assholes,
but we also have to come in and bake.
And our whole lives are dependent upon the whims of the public.
Are they going to play today?
As Joe Names would say.
Are they going to play today?
I don't know.
But they're sure not playing much today.
They blow today.
God, I can't stand this.
It's such a muchest.
Yeah.
Let's see some motion on that thing.
Illegal or otherwise.
Let's get out that whistle and give it a tooth.
There's one we're going to date.
Two of them still in Brawk.
Come on.
Let's get Brawk going.
Let's animate those bastards.
Let's pump some oxygen in these dead people in Brawk.
Come on.
You can do it.
I know you can do it.
Get on your hands and knees and crawl to that goddamn phone.
And reach over and drag the cord right off the table there.
Right off the footstool.
And stick your finger in that thing and find out if you're a library or not.
There you go.
Look at that phone.
Bunch of lazy.
Sit back and take, take, take.
Don't take, let's give today.
Let's give it's holiday time and it's new years.
Let's give back Neil a little something for putting up with these assholes in that building
that he works for for the last four years.
Let's at least show a little bit of support here or all or otherwise.
Let's get into it.
Let's do it.
So what a Dan Watt.
George.
I wanted to go out with my sister.
It's 1223 on the IOD network.
Join us this afternoon beginning it to for those wild and crazy guys, Rick and Suts.
And at six it's sports dog six 10.
I'll be on your team.
Broward.
Joseph Suck on WIOD.
And he's gonna Suck on W2A and O.
I like that in the stereo.
1227 we have 92,352 big oozing dripping dollars for Camilo's house this year.
We're just a little over a month to go so to get with it.
That's another thing that most of you won't do.
I mean we're doing very well but again thanks to a small number, a relatively small number of generous people.
And the majority of the people are like, oh, and that great look what he's doing.
But what the hell are you doing?
What are you doing?
He asks plantation.
What?
Hello?
Hello?
Yes.
Neil.
Yes sir.
It's your mother.
Why don't you have a call?
We have two open lines in Broward 5249463.
They's playing grab ass again.
He's got that thing strapped to us in either's time.
Who went blue?
They ruined my best.
Let's go to North Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Hi, I called you last Thursday gave that 800 number for the harvest.
Just a moment sir.
Yeah, I got the catalog yesterday.
Just a moment. Broward is still there.
That's the best we can do. Hang on a second.
A W-I-O-D.
Hello?
W-I-O-D.
Hello?
What is this a crank?
No.
You sure?
Yeah.
I think you're a crank.
What was that?
I said I think you're a crank call.
No, I just turned it on and put the...
I don't know, just dialed the number.
I really have none at all.
They get out of here then.
I put them both on hold.
It'll tie the lines up.
Now what is it?
Oh, that's not you.
What is it now?
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah, the harvest, the catalog.
I can't Daniel.
I don't order anything from the catalog.
I called them Friday and they're going to send you a variety pack
just a depreciation for the flood of calls that they got Thursday.
Really?
Yeah.
They're getting calls and I'm not.
How do you like that?
Archer Daniel's Midland.
In fact, I'm going to bring the catalog in tomorrow.
Well, they are at the...
It looks like really good stuff.
I look.
I'm going to send you an amen address at the station.
They're sending you a variety pack so you can see what it's...
Well, thank you so much.
And the unicorn came by today with my champion juicer
and like tons of beautiful produce and the alcap
partridge and a pear tree.
What a day, huh?
Well, you just want to know that it's coming there
so it doesn't get diverted once it gets to the station.
So they got a lot of calls, huh?
They sure did.
They said they had seven operators tied up for a couple of hours.
Get out of here.
That's what they she told me.
Come on.
In fact, she was so happy that you sending me some free things.
Ha ha ha ha.
All right.
I made out pretty good things.
Nice scam, pal.
Really?
Thanks, Apollo.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Well, now you're talking, huh?
Might as well free load a bunch of stuff
because I can see we're going to be out of here pretty soon.
Paul Castronova, Midday's at WIOD.
Ed Till morning, 6 to 10.
Or are they going to have like 6 to 9
and then the Paul Castronova warmer power?
Here's Port Myers on 9.
Hello.
Good morning.
Good evening to you, sir.
Whatever.
Call the ships at C.
Listen, I need some advice.
Got it.
Wait a minute.
Let me clear a couple of these brow lines here.
It's a minute.
Okay, go ahead.
Okay.
I'm going to be in Fort Lauderdale in mid-January.
Let me give you some advice right off the bat.
Forget it.
Just forget it.
What do you want to go there for?
Well, I really...
Actually, I didn't want to get into a conversation on why I work in an industry
that could not have conventions and say Vegas or Hawaii.
No, we go to Fort Lauderdale.
And by the way, Dan, you got some nerve hitting up on George.
Go ahead.
But what...
For anything.
I'm going to try to, you know,
smooth some people over there.
And I'm looking for a good restaurant to...
Do you have any recommendations?
What kind of restaurant?
Just something nice.
Last year when I was in Tampa,
I took them to Burns just to give you an example.
Something along that line that would be sort of a bit of an event.
How about an Italian restaurant?
The what?
Let me say it again.
How about Italian restaurant?
I don't know.
You would probably be fine.
How about La Tavornetta in Tamarack?
That's not far from Fort Lauderdale.
It's just west of University Drive.
Okay.
What's the name of that again?
La Tavornetta.
Okay.
In Tamarack.
In Tamarack.
Great.
Great.
Italian food on 82.55 West McNabb Road.
It just west of University about the three quarters of a mile.
Great.
Great.
Great.
That's a good recommendation.
There you go.
People know we don't want to flounder because they don't have a lot of real easy.
They don't have a lot of it.
Over here in Fort Myers.
Right.
Well, I hope you enjoyed, pal, and don't stay too long.
You'll regret it.
I sure will.
Listen, just in passing, and I don't want to linger on this too long.
Clyde, his actual name is Carl, and he is drirally chronic.
You know that he had the balls to call George back twice off the air after we said goodbye to him
after a terminal 25-minute call.
It seemed that long.
And he doesn't understand that we don't talk to Chronic on this station.
He's been so brainwashed and so involved with that crap that the typical traditional crap that Steve Gilbert and that crew do over there.
He don't understand a station that doesn't want to talk to the same five people every day.
We don't want to talk to your Clyde or whatever your name is.
Go find a life.
He is poison.
God.
Have a great day.
See you.
See, it takes us a while because we got to feel the lay of the land.
Okay, we're going to set up a remote studio though in Crookscrew.
And we're going to be monitoring all you assholes over there.
So just keep your thing locked up tight.
Here's Orlando.
Hey Neil, how you doing, man?
The city, not the caller.
Pretty good.
Who's on Richard Bayer now?
I haven't heard you talk about him.
Now, is he had some old 900-year-old bitch on air?
I dressed up like Tarzan.
I don't know what it was about.
Yeah, I think he was Howard Stern.
So did you used to watch that?
Well, what?
The Howard Stern TV show.
Never cared for Howard's TV show.
How you doing, like, as much as Richard Bay?
He's pretty awesome.
Yeah, Richard Bayer is awesome.
Well, he's not awesome.
Just some of the people he's got on naked are awesome.
Yeah, some of those girls running around with their tops off.
There you go.
That's all right.
So how about those heat they won a game?
Yeah, how about the heat, right?
The heater hot.
They're doing it.
They're flaming.
All right, buddy.
Have a great day, pal.
See, call us again sometime.
We have some more elucidating stuff to share.
Not open line in Orlando.
Let's go in Orlando.
Let's go.
Let's get this state going, man.
Let's just be the pipe-piper and run up and down the highways and the biways.
Wake up and live.
Wake up.
Make a sound.
Put your dentures back in.
Take a blackberry in them, man.
Do something.
God.
Get with it.
Every day, I feel like the guy in the circus.
What's the, what do they call that guy?
Has the chair in the whip?
The Barker.
Bob Barker, the chair in the whip.
Man, here I thought he liked animals.
The Ringmaster, the Master Beaster, something like that.
Now what they call him?
Okay, let's go to West Palm on the Star Line.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I got a question.
I've been hearing this advertiser for, I guess, the pre-arangeable hazard right?
I don't know anything about that.
What is a prayer breakfast?
Have you heard that?
It means that when the other team plays us, they haven't got a prayer.
Do you, I mean, I can't believe I mean, has they got some bagels and locks that are going to be a prayer breakfast?
Uh-huh.
I just can't understand it.
I don't know.
We need a lot more religion football.
I'll tell you that.
And another thing.
Next year is the year I'm starting the big campaign to get all those get-skies off the field before the football game.
I mean, can you imagine that?
That is so un-American and so absolutely outrageous and so insensitive and so full of crap.
And the people just stand there like, oh, okay, we got to do this.
All right.
Yeah, like it's paid 30 bucks to get in there.
We got to put up with a goddamn religious ceremony before a football game.
It is true that we do have to pray for results.
And Gory, as they say in China, sir, Gorynish, tell for that don't help.
Listed.
If I thought we might score a few points, even I'd kneel down there and pray.
Yeah, because then I mean, like anything an AFC is possible as far as football because they all suck.
Right, you're right.
I mean, you know, the top of the football game.
They're equal opportunity suckers, man, in the AFC.
You're absolutely correct about that.
Anybody who gets hot is going to go right to the Super Bowl.
Yeah, you're right.
You got it.
And then they're going to get the cramping.
Can't say that.
Yeah.
I'm sorry. They played terrible.
I shot. That's right.
I shot for the first three quarters.
When you think about it, was seven six, the land that's been to the third quarter.
Correct.
And then the defense on the alliance that our ally, let's come on, have a little fun.
Right.
And then he was, people stayed out there in a month soon.
At least we could do his, let him do a little bit.
Right.
And a couple of douchebag requests my brother Darren and my father Herb,
they're out there busting him today.
And I hope they have what they say.
And you too.
Take care.
Open line on the sterline.
So he said they play like shot.
What's wrong with that?
He's absolutely right on top of it.
And we have an open line on the a sterline.
Now who's that?
Bat line.
Hello.
How come when I answered the bat line and nobody picks it up?
What is the reason for that?
Is that Dan again?
Probably Dan again.
What?
What?
You want to talk to him?
Talk to him.
Tony Allen from WCN.
Well, what just happened?
I punched it up and then I went into limbo again.
Maybe I put it on hold.
Tony Allen.
Hi.
How are you, Neil?
What the hell do you want?
I just called to talk to George and he's not talking to me.
He puts his right straight through to you.
About what?
I was just going to talk to him about Clyde that called in earlier.
Oh, please tell us right on the ear, Tony.
That's the way we do things right here.
We don't like to have any secrets from the audience.
We like to just bear it for everyone.
So he's a nice guy that probably needs a little bit of help
and he calls DCQ all the time.
Does he?
And I was just going to explain to it.
Well, maybe he can move in with Steve Gilbert.
It would be perfect.
I think it'd be wonderful.
He could put Steve in a cage.
He's 60 some years old and he lives for talk radio.
And I was just going to share that with George before he...
He don't live with us.
I got news for it, Tony.
We don't play that game.
We don't do no chronics, okay?
No chance.
I hope so.
He can go to the same place that Bill from Newport, Richie goes.
I hope so.
So how are things going, Tony?
We appreciate all the incredible, I mean, what you've done for us
so we could never repay you with these big prices.
Well, we played the best of Neal on Christmas Day.
I guess we got about 50 calls yesterday complaining about it.
Good.
So that was wonderful.
We were very happy about it.
But how come they don't call...
See, I'm like the Tampa St. Pete people.
I don't think we've had one that I can think of from your audience
complained on the air.
No, not one.
They like to call and complain to me and we love it.
Okay, everybody that hates us like poison for Myers
and in Corkscrew called Tony Allen and Rip of an Ass.
Well, they're doing it now.
Good.
Yeah, I'm going to come see you next week.
Are you?
Yeah.
Great.
Bring a lot of money, Tony.
Fuck you later.
Okay.
What is that?
What is that?
Are we back at a band crap again?
Listen to that.
I love it.
That's the new effect.
We just something new and exciting is happening inside of our phone.
I love it.
Man, I feel like all of a sudden I got this civil and sound.
1238 on the IOD network.
Now, how do we get rid of that?
What do we do?
What am I doing here?
George.
What do we do?
How do we get rid of it?
Don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news, information, trends and what's
happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here.
1241.
So Adam gets to go on the sugar bowl trip.
How do you like that?
And he's just telling me about the sleeping arrangements on the trip.
Did you know that Adam was roaming with Sonny on a road trip?
1241.
No, good.
And let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
Down here from New York, a little vacation.
I think some relatives.
Well, that's great.
And I found three things down here that I enjoy.
The weather.
Yeah.
You?
Yes.
And the girl that you have on the show Randy.
Randy is dynamite.
She's a goddess.
Outside of those three things.
There is nothing.
You're absolutely right.
This is a wasteland.
This is a...
What's the peak came the other night?
What a great place to put up an arena.
Yeah.
What a nice location, right?
Man.
Beautiful.
What do we like to make things challenging for you here?
We don't like to make it too easy.
That's true.
Went to Calder.
And you've got to give us credit for one thing.
They packed the arena and they're packing something else, no doubt, on their way.
You went to Calder?
Yes.
Oh, no.
Why do you sound depressed?
Oh, God.
This place makes...
It makes your teeth look like...
What?
It's not a long, man.
It's an outdoor cemetery.
You're right.
It's a graveyard.
But at least the weather is nice.
Great.
And I have every...
That old axiomia can't have everything is absolutely right.
We got the weather and that's all we got.
We have nothing else.
Believe me.
And I'm the only one honest enough to admit that.
This state blows pal and don't ever forget.
But I do enjoy your show.
And enjoy the weather.
Have a great New Year.
Bye-bye.
Well, there's a guy's honest.
And I hope he takes the word back to New York with him.
And this is not a knock on New Yorkers because there are a lot of nice New Yorkers.
There are a lot of obnoxious pushy stereo typical New Yorkers like any other group of people.
Because there are a lot of them.
There are millions of them.
But take the word back.
Tom, don't come down here.
And also while you're at it, pass the word up to Montreal and tell him to Quebec.
And tell those smelly old rotting French Canadians we don't want them here either ever again.
Please don't let them back ever.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
What's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I'm pissed, man.
What's all this crap, dude?
A few minutes ago you were all psyched up.
How happy?
What's going on?
You're losing it here.
What are you talking about?
A few minutes ago you were going off on the world.
You were like, what's up, Florida?
Get on the line.
I'm pissed.
You want to go off?
And they did.
And they did the lines.
I know how to get these people off the rest.
Don't you understand where we are?
If I just came in here every day and everything was wonderful, you'd never ever get a call.
You've got a scream, you've got a jump, you've got to carry on, you've got to have a mental a hernia to get these people to motivate them.
Don't you understand that?
You got me, man.
Well good.
It's about time, damn it.
I got the flu.
I'm sitting here and I said, I'm on the other side.
Screw this.
Right.
Wake up.
Exactly.
Who should we pick on?
Let's just pick on all of them until they bleed, man.
Hey, man.
Hey, man.
Happy New Year, Neil, baby.
And the same to you, damn it.
Later.
Have a good one.
Do a coup.
Bye.
We have an open line in day.
Well, I just, I feel good.
I do.
I feel good.
I got off that meat and that dairy and all that other garbage I was eating.
And by the way, I don't want to sound surly.
And again, I want to thank Curie and Ron and the people from the Unicorn Village.
I'm going to need them desperately in this endeavor to, you know, be a healthy person.
After you reach the age of 50, you realize there ain't that much time left, baby.
When you get to be an old, old, aging, crusty, crappy old, fat like me,
you don't have that much time left.
So you're, you know, you run around reaching out and grabbing for the gusto or whatever else you can grab for.
Oh, how it makes me feel fine.
So anyway, and they bring in this beautiful juicer and a big thing of carrots and big juice apples
and vegetables and celery.
I mean, I'm going to go home and just have a party with that thing.
And the juicer too.
So what the hell was I talking about?
I don't know.
Anyway, here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, my name is Steve.
I'm one of your neighbors from Plantation.
Yes, Steve.
Coming home from the heat game last night, I got to listen to Randy.
Yes.
And also the news.
And I got to hear that one of our, actually, some tourists got the welcome to Miami last night by the arena.
Oh, really?
I'd like to get a city of Miami is doing a wonderful job.
Thanks for putting that arena in such a nice neighborhood.
Oh!
Yeah.
And what I wanted to be great, you know, Wayne Hasengho is the savior of our entire community.
You do understand that.
Oh, yeah.
And not only did he bring us a baseball team and a hockey team, but I'm sure that if we continue to buy a lot of tapes and blockbuster
and say nice things about them, that he's going to build us that beautiful, big arena up right next to Joe Robby Stadium,
that we can drive right off the turnpike right in there and we can have the heat and the hockey team in there.
We don't have to go back down and risk our lives again.
Exactly.
Why would anyone from Europe want to come to Miami?
I don't know.
That's an excellent question.
We do have a European tourist and they come here and they wander around and they enjoy the...
I guess only because of the weather, because in Europe, man, especially in Scandinavia and in...
Well, almost all of Europe, even in North and Italy, at this time of the year, it's brutal, man.
It's bitter and it's nasty and it's crappy and they come and enjoy the weather and they see that it's basically a vacuum and they go back home and have a good time.
Well, they ought to put up a billboard by the arena to come to Miami and see it like a native.
Yeah.
That's all. The house is a good one.
Have a great day, Steve.
All right.
Happy New Year.
Thank you.
Okay, dammit.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Why do I expect so much?
See, that is my problem.
And, you know, nobody commented about that at all.
I'm looking for a little psychoanalyzation here, a little help from the audience. It's close to New Year.
I'm trying to get my mind into the proper frame there, like I said, there are two things.
The thing with the food and the diet, I got that licked.
Yeah.
But as far as the other part, with this place and with this man and the whole operation here, that required...
And maybe there is no answer.
Maybe I'm just not cut out of the right material to come in and just fake my way through life, the rest of my life.
Uga-Buga.
Club 47 on the IOD Network.
Chuck Meyer, Joey Reynolds, Tom Hopkins,
Giamandage and Randy Rhodes, each week-ed right here.
Tell me why you're here.
What are you shaking your head no for?
Oh, I thought you were saying, like, don't come back that you screwed up the carts or something.
I don't know what you're talking about.
He's sitting in there shaking it.
1250, maybe that's because Dan Colderlier.
We have an open line in day, 751.
Leave my cozy alone at him.
God, are you out of control today? Just go find some to manipulate.
Ford Myers, hello.
Ford Myers.
You're going?
Yes.
Now, how you doing?
I'm just calling to election old.
I just started listening to your show about a week ago.
Yes, sir.
Just moved down here from New York.
Really?
And you moved to Ford Myers from New York?
Yeah, well, I got to make a living, you know?
Oh, God.
So here I am, like it or not.
Yeah.
I'm going to a couple things.
First of all, about the Dalton.
I think it was a pathetic game.
I'm glad they won, though.
It would be pretty embarrassing to lose to someone like the Patriot.
Right.
To a 2-in-13 team.
Correct.
With a fourth string quarterback.
But we don't want to talk about that.
But I'm a Buffalo fan because I'm from New York.
Well, hey, listen, you had some good games this year,
and now it's all over, and just roll, but lay back and enjoy it.
Right.
Nothing I wanted to ask you about.
Is there anywhere where I can get any Neil Rogers show,
like a T-shirt or something?
Yes.
There is.
Yeah.
Can you give me the address?
I'll give you the phone number.
How do you like that?
You got a visa or a master card?
No.
I do not.
Well, you can write a check.
You got a checkbook?
That I do have.
Okay.
Just send to a CamillaSaus, make the check out.
C-A-M-I-L-L-U-S, $20 and two bucks for a postage in handling, $22.
Okay.
And mail a W-I-O-D, Miami-33141.
Okay.
And just put a note in there.
You want the Neil T-shirt.
Okay.
Great.
Okay.
One more question.
Yes, sir.
I hear Andrew Dice say a lot on your show.
No.
A little bit in pieces.
Yeah.
What happened to him?
Did he call out the face of the earth?
No.
In fact, he's going to be doing an appearance here, I think, in March in town, over here.
Oh, is he?
Yeah.
He's still doing it.
Oh, great.
I'll have to come over for that.
Oh!
Have a great New Year, pal.
Okay.
Thanks, Neil.
See you.
Open line in wherever that is.
Open line in El Jobin and in...
It's a good thing they called about Corkscrew because I'd take it personally.
You know how sensitive I am.
If we went the whole four hours with it, I'd call from Corkscrew here.
We haven't had any calls from Immaculate.
You know something?
I'm beginning to wonder if any of these stations are really on air.
This is all a big put on.
Is there any Indians listening in Immaculate?
Come on.
Let's get with it, man.
Let's pass the piecepipe around and smoke it.
I'm serious.
They were smoking weed in the clubhouse last night at Pompo-no Park.
We couldn't figure out just exactly where it was coming from.
Although, Alan did look a little bit shot-eyed.
Bokka.
Neil the Ringmaster.
Yes.
What's going on, sir?
Got my whips and chains out, sir.
We're going to do it.
Beautiful.
We're going to whip this audience into shape.
We're going to start working on a management team here.
Just beat the crap out of them.
Listen.
You happen to see the sun setting all day?
Everyday.
Okay.
Did you see on...
Yeah.
Yeah, right.
Did you see in the lifestyle section it says,
WLOD radio will accelerate its phasing out of sports on the station.
What the hell does that mean?
No, I mentioned that earlier.
There was another one of Tom Jekyll's stupid predictions.
I'm going to say it again.
It's not true.
Even though we hope it was true,
we wouldn't have to carry these in Sipit basketball games like we have the one tonight at the U.M. game.
They've got a three years to go on a hurricane contract.
I have no idea what he's talking about.
Neither does Tom.
You're a damn knucklehead.
He's just another QAM flucky.
I mean, all his buddies are over there.
Kaplan and Goldberg and all his buddies are at QAM.
So he's kind of like the Sun Sentinels answer to Barry Jackson from the Aero.
I see.
A groupie.
Well, that's all I need to know.
Have a great life.
You too.
Have a good new year.
Two open lines, no one open line.
In Dade County, come on.
You can do it.
I'm telling you, man.
You can just make us feel like we're wanted, like we're useful, like we're human, like we're alive again,
like we're something.
Shot.
At the 7519-463.
It's rough.
It's really rough because now everybody, you thought before the holidays was bad.
Now between Christmas and New Year, it is hopeless, hopeless.
I go over to Brandt's Martha yesterday in the Soggrass and I am telling you, and I was highly motivated
because there were some three things I wanted to get, and I'm tickled at that that I didn't.
See, it goes to show you every once in a while you get lucky.
But you couldn't get near that place, and people are coming out of that building,
schlepping stuff, and grabbing stuff, and playing grab ass.
You couldn't get a parking space within 85 miles of that joint.
And all these old people are out there with their walkers, and oh, God, it was great.
So sorry, Harlan, see you in a couple of weeks.
Plantation, hello.
Go buy a flyer ass.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Yeah, this is a queer talk.
Yeah, this is a queer talk.
Let's go to that, and these are the Broward calls, okay?
These are our buddies in Broward.
Happy New Year.
Let's do a Port One.
Hey, about time.
Port Tampa.
I just got back in town, you know.
What do you mean, just got back?
We just got through talking to you five minutes ago.
How big of a party?
Seemed like it.
No, it was about four days ago, actually.
Oh, now we did some skiing up on Mount Charleston.
Uh-huh.
So, mom, and first thing she asked me when I got out at the point,
she says, what's that colon you're wearing?
I said, I'm not wearing any colon.
And I couldn't think about it.
I said, I must be benzene from McGill Air Force Base.
I said, it's in all the water.
So you can smell it in a toilet.
When you take a shower, you can smell it.
I said, yeah, yeah, I'll be coming down with something weird about two months.
I wanted to tell you something about this girl again.
She actually left me a note.
About what girl?
Uh, the girl, remember I bought her the shoes?
And then I had a thought it would be cute to give her a burrow up sack
in a portable sewing machine.
And like, make your own dress because she never would go out with me.
I mean, this girl is the guy.
Do you remember this, George?
Because evidently, I was so termalized, wasn't listening to the call.
I remember your call, but I wasn't listening to the essence of the call.
I had bought her a, uh, port.
I must have been reading the funny papers or something with Marlon Brando.
Oh, well, I had a, uh, I don't, I don't repeat the whole thing.
I mean, please, whatever you do.
Okay, okay, real quick.
I'm, uh, I'm portable sewing machine.
Yeah.
And, uh, burrow up sack because she said she didn't have a dress
after I had bought her some shoes.
Okay, this is like a period of two weeks.
I didn't want to see chronic to her like apparently.
I'm seeming to you, but anyway, yes.
So what she does is instead of taking it as an insult,
she says, I'll have to find a pattern.
It's what does look cute.
Uh, anyway.
You can even think about the material.
Yeah, that was good.
But, uh, anyway, now, oh, by the way,
do you know what the term crackers came from?
I found this out this morning.
I can hardly wait.
Well, it dates back to the early 1700s when the,
when the guys would bring the cows out of the middle of Florida
where they would raise them onto the boats.
And the guys that cracked the webs,
for the always SNM freaks out there,
those will call the crackers.
And those are people that set up their residence
along the way here.
Yeah.
And by the way, uh,
Neil, Randy Rhodes,
Rick and Suts, you're all setting the form at the pattern,
the pace, but your management, oh, man,
it's a gastric cornucopia nightmare.
I don't know what you're going to do about them, but.
That is a bunch of shot.
You have a nice day, Neil. Happy New Year.
Happy New Year to you, sir, and to have a great life.
But back then, don't ever call with that story again
about the dress.
We have an open line in Tampa,
1-800-944, and still too in Broward,
but I mean, I did my thing, you know,
I puked my guts in what we got out of Broward,
it wasn't worth, I wouldn't put it in a cesspool.
So we're not going to waste our time with them, okay?
It'll just be us, just the rest of us guys, okay?
For Myers.
Hello.
Yes, sir. Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, even though you probably don't believe it after talking to Clyde,
there are some semi-illusive people over here.
Really? Yes.
Well, when is that going to start?
So, oh, there's a few in part between,
but if every once in a while, you know, we might have a meeting.
Is Clyde like the epitome of what goes on the ear in that market on talk shows?
Well, he's, uh, he's in Cape Coral,
and Cape Coral spends most of their time trying to succeed from Lee County.
Yeah.
Trying to find their colostomy back.
Yeah. Well, I want to tell you a little bit about the area over here.
In one minute.
Okay, yeah. Well, if you're looking for calls from a sterile island,
don't say a sterile island because they don't consider themselves that there,
or call sport Myers Beach.
Oh, excuse me, sport Myers Beach.
There you go. Now you might get somebody.
I doubt it.
How about for Needis Springs?
Uh, I have no idea what's going on.
They got a dog track there.
Yeah, they do. Which I'm going to, uh, just, uh,
just, uh, New Year's Eve.
Really? Yeah.
Well, I'll be damned.
Nightplace.
A mockery in the bell.
Uh, you won't be able to hear it yet.
They're, uh, out in their field, you know?
Yeah. Immaculate. They're all out there picking it.
Yep. You got it.
Right.
And corkscrew.
Yeah.
Now, even notice a little tiny dot on the map.
Corkscrew is important to the state of Florida.
Right.
Because they have the corkscrew swamp sanctuary out there.
And it's one of the few places that the endangered wood, woodstock briefs.
The endangered one?
Woodstock.
Woodstock.
Woodstock.
Oh, some of the woods they're rolling in the fields in corkscrew.
Yeah.
Well, listen, thanks for the geography lesson and have a great New Year.
Okay. You can try to search for intelligent life over there, okay?
It's kind of hard.
Oh, it is.
And the life too.
This is South Florida's news, traffic and weather station.
Newstalk Radio 610, WIOD by Emmy, Fort Lauderdale and the Palm Beaches.
Good afternoon.
It was his ward.
Not a sped up file.
Newstalk Radio 610, WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk with Neil dial 751, WIOD from
the state in Broward 524 WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code, toll free 1-800-944-WIOD and Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show on Newstalk Radio 610, WIOD.
It's the one to our...
How about little tribute to Mitch Lewis, huh? He's got...
Who I need your love, John? Yes, you know it's true.
I hope you need my love, John.
To this day for you.
Oh, hold me.
Touch me.
Use me.
I'll bust me.
I need my share of love, John.
Eight times a day.
I love you every day, John.
It's just a little bit of a shame.
I love you every day.
I love you every day.
I love you every day.
Touch me.
I need my share of love, John.
Eight times a day.
Eight times a day.
To teach my husband how to...
No, shot, Sherwon.
Eight times a day.
It's good to see you, Danny Quale.
Love me every day, John.
You're always on my side.
Make me scream for a pageant.
Cause soon I'll be in jail.
Oh, hold me.
Touch me.
Use me.
I need my share of love, John.
Eight times a day.
Eight times a day.
Eight times a day.
Eight times a day.
The amazing, the talented, the fire, Miss Lewis.
Striking Terry into the hearts.
Now, what does that mean, Boston?
What does that mean?
As in Boston Mass?
And Boston Mass.
I'll be damned.
Well, yes.
How's it going?
Pretty good.
I'll just drop here for my little, uh, yearly Christmas pilgrimage.
Oh, look at that.
Rafe is sitting in a hospital bed on Santa Barbara's Stark-Naked.
Look at that.
Yes, sir.
Uh-oh.
Yeah.
Just up there for the little pilgrimage of Christmas kind.
Yeah.
And you running any pilgrims by any chance?
Uh-oh.
A few, but you'll never guess who's on the lady who appears.
Cardinal Cushing.
No, taking Jerry Williams' place.
Dick Sired.
Likus.
Ah, no.
Ah, yes, for the week.
Tom, don't like us?
Yes, yes, yes.
And a couple of them.
They used to work for KFI, but got his ass fired so they could put Darrell Gates on
the air who show has been shortened to an hour soon to be five minutes.
That's right.
And Tom, don't like us as up there auditioning on the air on WRKO?
No.
You're absolutely.
Wow.
For the week.
And another one that I was listening to yesterday that I didn't know that was up here is Gonzo.
On WP Tower.
Oh, yeah.
He's been there a long time.
Well, I didn't know that he was up here.
He's still as worse as I was.
No, terrible.
Terrible.
Nice guy.
Horendus on the air.
Yeah.
Yesterday we went to Suffolk.
Yeah.
Now I'm going back today to see if I can win back what I lost.
I sure hope they fixed that place up a little bit.
Well, they have, yeah.
The last time I was up there, the sign, and that wasn't that long ago.
A few months ago, the sign from Suffolk down was like hanging in the breeze and a place looked like,
looked like the end of the world, looked like our tornado would hit the whole thing and just ripped into pieces.
I don't know, but they still have that long, long drive way that you're going in.
Have you been up to rocking him?
No, I haven't.
Boy, they built a shopping mall up there that would knock your socks off.
Right, right, Jason to Rock and Am Park.
Yeah, well, I'm going to.
Right out the expressway.
I mean, Boston.
Open line and Broward.
Well, it's good that they can call in on the Broward lines.
He was no dummy.
Isn't that amazing that he called on his dime on a Broward line?
And thank you people in Broward for not tying up our lines and letting these other desparados find a place to get through.
Speaking of Desparado, Johnny Dark met a beautiful blonde.
Should I be talking about this on here or not?
Yes?
Oh, I'm serious.
He showed me her picture and she looks like a really not, you can just tell.
She looks like a sweetheart.
Beautiful young lady.
And he's just desperately in love.
And I said she wants to have bad eyesight, huh?
And he said, yes, he admitted it.
Mobile in Pine Island?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm probably going to get fired for running this mobile bill up this side.
But I've got to tell you a couple of things.
Yes, sir.
On behalf of 30 service personnel from our half business machines out of Tampa,
you have one of all over from WFLA.
How about that?
But we got a phone to pick with you.
Yes, sir.
Let's pick it.
OK.
WSUN, which is where we normally pick you up from.
Right.
Down here in Pine Island and I'm coming through on 770, I guess it is.
We normally pick you up on SUN.
SUN has made a tremendous mistake.
They have just taken on an advertiser called Lexus of Tampa.
Rather than sell them an advertising package and doing a promo form,
they're using their old promo that is done by none other but guess who.
David Paul.
How about Gardner?
And they all they've done is sped up the speed a little bit to try to disguise his voice.
But here we're listening to the best video station we've ever heard the best programming
and we still got to listen to that fat butt Gardner doing the advertisement 15 times a day.
Yeah.
Well, they want to think that you ought to call up and just offer to do a free promo or something for him
just to get a stupid voice off of it, this network.
Yeah.
Well, they want to have something aggravating on there for you, pal.
They don't want things to get too good.
That would it is.
It's a cock station.
Just keep that in mind.
A cock's broadcast.
Right.
Listen, have a great new year and a safe trip and a great life.
And we're listening to you all the time, Neil.
And we'll see you.
Sound great.
You too.
Open line on the watch line, man.
1-800-944-9463.
It's 1-13 on these soon to be incredibly famous, not IOD Network.
Coming up tonight today, following sports dogs 6-10,
it's the Reddy Road Show right here.
Yeah, we got their time.
A mobile and a mockery?
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I thought you might want to know there are people in a mockery who just came through
to go to a course school who listened to you.
Come on.
Course school.
I actually have been there.
You've been there?
I've been there and gone.
What'd you do?
Spend a couple of weeks there?
There is no course school.
There is no town.
Yeah.
There are no people.
There are no people.
There is no oxygen, man.
There's no nothing.
There aren't even any alligators or frogs over there.
That's what they got.
It's a swamp sanctuary.
Yeah, well we fit in perfect there, man.
There is a little quiet over here on the west coast.
Right up our alley, alligator.
I live in Cape Coral.
They say that's the home of newlyweds and almost dead.
Yeah, right.
Luckily, I'm still in newlyweds.
Well, good for you, pal.
What the hell do you move to such a geriatric, dying, crappy place?
I don't know.
I'm starting to wonder that.
Have you been to see the lightning yet?
Or you have tickets you are going to go?
Going on January 21st, I think it is.
I was up there a couple of weekends ago.
I saw them play the rain.
There's the rain that's been in five to four.
But they got a lot of excitement going on.
Yeah, they're doing it.
They got a little, they're playing in a 10,000-seat arena there.
It's an expo hall.
So they need it.
Yeah, I heard you got to watch where you step.
You know, outside the exhibition hall area.
We had seats in the second row.
The blood seats they call them.
And that was pretty exciting.
But they didn't need new arena.
But they got a lot going on.
Well, I want to tell you something, sir.
You have made my entire week.
I was in a very psychotic state of mind because of our management.
And there's absolute aneptitude.
But getting a call from a mockery just makes me feel like Mr. Power.
I thought you'd get a shower of power.
Have a great new year.
Yes, the my pleasure.
I'll talk to you again.
See you.
A mobile in a mockery.
Ginkgoon killer.
God.
And I was just about to continue with our musical tribute to Mitch Lewis.
Freedom said freedom said let's bury our heads.
Freedom said freedom said let's bury our heads.
I have no question.
This is the biggest rap I've ever seen.
That is a bunch of shots.
That's something that's been said when it's off.
Shut up fast.
It is a scene.
Oh!
Freedom said freedom said let's bury our heads.
Freedom said freedom said let's bury our heads.
Freedom said freedom said let's bury our heads.
One 19 and WIO day is the hits just keep on coming and the bodies just keep on moving right out the door.
Davey.
Hi, Neil. What's going on?
How are you doing, sir?
I'm doing great, yourself.
Premendous.
Good. I'd like to thank you for single handedly being the one person who inspired me to actually have any light get off for hockey.
Really?
And I went to that Rangers lightning game down south here in Miami and had and I was radiously outstanding time.
Great.
I've never had a better time in my life.
I've got my girlfriend and a buddy of mine brought his girlfriend and of course they were out in spaces we were.
But the three of us through all three periods that right on the edge of our seats man are back for by the end of time because it was just a phenomenally exciting experience.
I have one word for you.
Yes sir.
Hockey night in Canada.
A?
Forward.
Yeah?
Played as often as you can.
By the way the Leafs suck and I'm the first one to admit it by still of them.
Well that's okay.
And somebody sent me a little plastic Maple Leaf hockey player today, a little keychain or whatever the hell he adds a keychain.
Uh-huh.
With a little Maple Leaf on it.
Well that's okay.
It looks just like Johnny Bauer and drag as a matter of fact.
Or do you think about the South Florida ice holes?
Oh that sounds good.
We could start with our sales department.
And most of them are skating on thin ice already.
Well listen I'm glad we got you out there and off you dead ass and that's what I'm here for.
Thanks Bill.
I'm a great new year.
And you too.
Bye bye.
And you like that?
All you naysayers out there?
All you negative Neanderthal knows picking idiots?
The one thing I do man is motivate some of these people to release search for a life.
I'm not saying that can guarantee they're going to find one.
But at least go out there and search for one.
Try to find something breathing.
Something alive.
Something with the movement.
Motion.
We have an open line indeed by the way speaking of dead.
751 it's 121 on the IOD network.
Catch the latest news from the 610 WIOD News Center each hour.
Plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast.
WIOD.
Joe Brennan is an idiot.
Oh!
Cheers and a few cheers for 75 years coming up next nation wide.
Patrick Lava is branched here.
Wendell Fuzz, Kirch Mullers and a whole lot more.
It's the 1991-92 season premiere between the Montreal Canadians and the Toronto Maple Leafs.
We kick off our 40th season of most in hockey match in Canada on CBC.
A.
126 at WIOD I still get goose bumps every time I hear that.
I get like this thing, this tingling running up and down my...
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello?
The annual.
What a phone.
What a connection.
I was motivated to call by the FHP.
Yes?
They're all over the place that Hyperluxaro saved us the eye in the sky.
Oh right.
They probably got the Allen Parsons project up there with a tool man with that eye in the sky.
Probably.
I just want to end by saying Mark Clayton is so full of shot his eyes are brown.
Okay.
Bye bye.
See ya.
Oh!
Woo!
But how about that Lisa Olson?
I do really think she's a ranked quiz watcher or what?
That was a big story.
They even had a thing like...
I was at ESPN last night.
They showed a thing in the locker room.
They showed a thing or two.
Yeah.
No, not one of those.
We have no pen line and brow in 524.
There's Rafe who's like naked in bed.
Just the other excuse to get him out there with all his clothes off on Santa Barbara.
They're going off the year.
I don't know why they just don't go ahead and do it right on the year.
I mean NBC needs the numbers.
They're dying over there.
And they're ready to this big, big.
I mean they're just...
The peacock is like ripping his feathers out.
They're so psychotic about what are they going to do with Letterman?
And what are they going to do with Leno?
And are they going to put the tonight show on a 10 and the late night show at 1130?
And Leno says that's okay if he is as long as he's on at 1130.
And how the hell are they going to do that?
They can't afford to pay Letterman $25 million and keep that fat boring Jay Leno also.
Boy, that is a network that is just ready.
It is just ripe for the pickin' and LA law is as good as dead.
History, dead meat.
Boy, I sure wouldn't want to have stockin'.
Is it... does GE still own NBC?
Yeah, right.
Well maybe a light bulb will light up in the hive a better idea.
Or maybe they'll just buy the light bulb.
That's a good idea.
I'ma fit right in.
Oh, look at what we have here.
There goes the ratings on night droppings.
Paul Harvey Jr. Jr.
No, he's still going to be doin' night droppings for...
It's going to be singular though. Night droppings, right?
Yeah, just going to be one lonely little thing.
One lonely little drop on your windshield.
That's correct.
So how are things?
Paul Harvey Jr. Jr. who's brother called us yesterday who's not well, by the way.
How's that?
What do you mean, how's that?
Not well regarding.
He's sick.
He said he's sick. Have you seen him?
He doesn't look sick to me.
Well what the hell does that mean?
You know, I heard he's got like some of the doctors can't figure it out.
What kind of an insensitive at that during the holidays, no less about your brother?
He looks healthy.
You have to see him. He looks fine.
Yeah.
Here's a general pay of that.
Well there's a priest on Santa Barbara right now who looks straight too,
but don't let that fool you.
You were the pain in the ass around Christmas time like always.
You didn't look like you.
Oh so in other words this is just another one of these attempts to make us.
Now you know, it's really nasty that you say this because what's going to happen in about a month
if we get a call from him and it turns out he's dead or something?
Well he probably won't call.
You never know.
Have you listened to some of those calls?
This is true.
How can you tell?
Let me rethink this.
Yeah, give me a minute.
Okay.
Anyway, I actually called because a friend of mine had pulled up it at Wayne Arnold.
Yeah.
With a car phone.
And he was going to order something.
I didn't know what they had there.
So I figured I'd give you a bell.
But then I'm thinking you're vegetarian now, right?
Right.
So you're not even thinking about that kind of thing.
So what does that mean?
I've had plenty of it.
Do I have to keep eating it to be able to talk about it like?
Oh, I'm going now.
What?
He's probably gone now.
Who?
The guy that was going to place the order for me.
I don't think he's going to sit there and wait.
So then why are we even discussing it?
So there goes that.
I don't know what I brought it up.
I don't know what happened.
Yeah.
It sounds like you're about ready to bring it up.
Let me ask you this is Randy safe.
That's the main question.
When you work around here, nobody is ever safe.
Okay.
Know what is safe.
Not even if you're a goddess.
Present company included.
No one is safe.
I'm telling you.
It's not come on.
And the idea that we've got information now that Joey is here sucking around for a
Reneries job.
You see, that's the thing about Joey.
As soon as you let him in the door, he's like a goddamn vulture.
He's always there.
First it was Rick and Suds.
He was trying to get me to get them to move down to here.
And then he's out there.
The night time job, she took my job and I like, like we owed him a job or something.
And now he's trying to get Reneries job.
That's the nightmare of letting him in the goddamn building.
Hey, said he was happy with this weekend.
Yeah, right.
I'm pretty sad.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
You believe that.
I know.
You believe that.
It must be true.
Yeah.
That's right.
Exactly.
God.
Anyway, he is pathetic.
Dude, all right.
Well, I'll tell you what.
I'm going to get going.
Typical boy giri move, man.
Just let another shot to stir Brenda building to stir the pot of new egg white.
I suck.
Is that who's swinging the egg?
What?
Is that who's swinging the egg?
All by himself?
No, not by himself.
But he's screwing up the egg.
Don't give me start on this again.
I've been doing very well.
I've psychoanalyzed myself.
I'm not going into it again.
Let me enclose and win.
When my brother called, was it about juicers?
Because as soon as I heard juicers, I'm driving down the road.
I'm like, oh jeez, I'm going to have to punch up another thing.
Yeah, yeah.
We'll see him.
Well, so I got my champion in the box here from the unicorn.
And I got just a whole big stuff, a beautiful of produce.
And I'm all set.
I really have a big discussion.
I don't need any more recommendations.
I'm sending the juiceman to back to Jay.
What's his name, Faker?
And that's it.
And what are you going to slap in that puppy?
Maybe apples?
I got carrots.
I got apples.
I got celery.
I got parsley.
I got kale.
I got time on my hand.
Do me a favor, Cole.
You easy on the carrots, okay?
Yeah.
Your brother's living testimony to that.
Have a great new year.
You too.
See you, Junior.
Two open lines.
They're both in the Broward, of course, which is good for the people calling from Boston and Seattle.
And Sweden.
North Miami Beach.
Hi, Daniel.
Happy New Year.
Yes, sir, and the same to you.
Did I do the wrong one there?
Hello?
I'm getting ahead of myself.
Well, that's all right.
They can wait.
I was listening to that classic paint your ball spot thing.
Yeah.
I figured out that it was fruit cake.
No, no.
Yes, it was fruit cake.
No.
You listen if it is.
No way.
You listen to it.
It is not fruit cake.
It is.
Okay, I know fruit cakes' voice like nobody.
And I can assure you that's not, wait a minute.
He's a little older, though.
I just noticed something that in one of your interviews with John Candy, I believe,
it looked like an older interview.
If you had less hair than you have today.
He's still in his real life, though.
Well, he comes here to visit.
It's possible.
It sounds more like you than fruit cake.
No, it ain't me.
How do you explain that?
I don't wear a wig, sir.
That could be the greatest call ever made, by the way.
Not just I thought you were on Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous.
I just noticed something that in one of your interviews.
I knew it was him.
We have an open line in date, 751 and one in the United States.
He could be a Broward, 524946.
See, he couldn't resist.
He just couldn't restrain himself.
Let's do Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I got a question.
What's the story with all these people in Broward?
I know, was that, was that Ken Block that was just on?
I think that's who that was.
What is it?
What's the story with all these people in Broward?
I mean, I never hear anybody calling.
I mean, are they so dead they can't pick up a phone or something?
Does that, does that bother you?
Does it really make a difference where they're calling from unless it's someplace exotic
and different like El Jo Bin or Crossfire or Quark Screw or something like that?
Well, I mean, it's so dead over there that I can't even phone.
Yes.
Don't you know the median age in Broward is like 20 years past death?
Don't you understand that?
Haven't you ever examined?
Haven't you ever analyzed the population of Broward?
Most of them are the walking dead, sir.
They're all busy getting ready right now for the early bird.
They're all gathering together outside their condos.
Make planning their strategy for how to screw up university drives
so they can go to the early bird.
Okay, I just, all right, and I just want to tell you that I love your show
and I'm from New York visiting.
And I just love listening to you.
Well, sir, welcome to the land of the walking dead.
Believe me when I tell you, it's a great place to visit,
but trust me, you wouldn't want to stay here.
This is when you're ready to croak.
This is the place to come back to.
Okay.
Have a great new year.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
And there are people out there who resent my saying that.
Well, screw them.
Okay?
I'll pass.
I mean, let's get serial.
This is the land of the dead.
Two open lines in day to one of Brown.
This has been a brutal day.
This has been extraordinarily tough.
I came in today just singing a song, walking along,
greeted by a whole fistful of memos.
We got memos up the ass here today, man.
We got memos coming out of our craniums.
We got memos about people that haven't been invented yet,
written by people who haven't been born yet.
But my favorite is still the one to Mitch Ween,
our chief engineer, about that triple cart deck.
And when I mentioned it to Goy Gery yesterday, he says to me,
oh, is this a Bob Green deal?
Oh, because I've been trying to do that since I came here.
Like this requires, this requires like to have a whole battalion
of troops come in here to get Mitch Ween, our chief engineer,
a man with a personality like a fart,
to come in here and stick that damn machine
that's sitting down there gathering, dusting it,
put the thing in and hook it up and get the place going,
and cut the crap.
Not if so, when can this be completed?
Kind, sir.
God, give me a break already.
Look, a bad Johnny Carson routine.
But hey, happy New Year.
It's 135 on the IOD Network.
Enjoy us this afternoon, beginning it to,
for those wild and crazy guys, Rick and Suts.
And at six, it's Sports Talks 610.
I am an imbecile.
Okay, get those hot 105 names on the list.
And Mitch Lewis and Tom Denenberg.
Alex Bennett, Steve Chayne, Nick Lauren, Scotting Ship,
and Mike Gloris, Scott Schwartz, Herman and Meg Beam.
Gail Bright, Coleman Chandler, Sandy Deale,
a full-word and when Wild Steve's never been.
Oh!
I would like to explain about it.
Let's have some, Doc.
And we're out there giving, just a make-o-living.
We are all to be.
That is a bunch of shots.
That is Radio 141 here in the vast wasteland of Among.
Anybody in the building there, they're all over there at Hot 105.
They're doing it at Not So Hot 105.
That's a new slogan, by the way.
As the only Cox Broadcasting could do,
not so hot 105, they don't expect too much.
Here's Clearwater.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah, I'm calling from Pasco County.
I just want to say that we are here at Stanley Steam,
we're listening to you every day.
We're doing it incredible.
Yep, we listen to you every day, man.
And we love your show.
Are you cleaning it?
How about the carpet?
Uh, that's...
It's been a slow week, but uh...
But yeah, it's a long trip from Newport,
where she does effortlessly.
We'll listen to you all the way up there.
Next time you get in to Newport, Richie,
look up Bill from Newport, Richie,
and do a little number.
Clean his rack up, okay?
Okay.
Have a great New Year, pal.
Thank you.
See ya.
How do you like that?
All the Stanley Steam are people
are out there listening in Pasco County, man.
So stick that in your cleaner OP.
You idiot.
One thing I notice, nobody even hardly mentions FLA anymore.
You understand?
They don't, uh...
People we got couldn't give two flying crafts about FLA
and that boring, terminal, tedious, hateful,
ultra right wing monotone, it's on her.
They could put a 60-cycle tone on that station
into a five or a six,
because they're like brainwashed.
And we're delighted,
because those aren't the people we want anyway.
Hollywood.
Wow, I don't believe it.
Believe it.
I'm part of the walking dead, I guess,
because I'm in Hollywood.
Uh-huh.
I'd like to tell that last caller from New York
to go screw himself.
What caller was that?
That guy who had nothing to say
just called up to say,
oh, how about those people in Broward,
oh, they can't call up.
I've been on the phone for 35 minutes.
So, uh...
I think call, so it's...
We do have one open line on the board, by the way,
you know where it is?
Yeah, yeah, in Broward.
Yeah.
Well, I got a life in Broward.
Okay, they got a lot of stuff to do,
a lot of bills to pay, a lot of shopping to do,
a lot of funerals to arrange.
Don't kid yourself.
Yeah, you're right.
There's nothing going on.
Well, I've lived in Broward for years now.
I know there's nothing going on.
You're not kidding me.
Hey, listen, I'm really distressed
over this niche-luest news.
Yeah.
Is something...
It did you do something bad or what?
Yeah, he did a good job.
I mean, he really did.
There's a lot of stuff to song a hope.
I mean, all the CDs at the end of the year,
right?
That's really a shame.
Great talent, a tremendously talented guy.
Sometimes, I'm annoying and I'm paying in the ass,
but we can all be that.
But, seriously, a tremendous talent,
and a blue amount,
and he brought back the guy that he replaced,
which makes no sense to me whatsoever.
But then, the things that are going on,
it's like...
Like I've said before,
it's like the captain has abandoned the ship
or been knocked overboard,
and the ship is out there in the middle of the ocean
in the middle of a hurricane,
and it's just spinning around in circles,
and there's nobody grabbing it.
I mean, somebody here needs to grab it.
Yeah, yeah, I agree.
And I just don't think Bob Green
is getting ready to grab it anytime soon.
I was really hoping for something for her.
Come on, Bob, reach out and grab it already.
Get a hold of that thing, damn it.
Exactly.
Well, maybe he'll stay on the market.
Who?
Mitch Lewis.
Not if he's smart.
Yeah, that's true.
Too much talent there to stay in this town.
Well, I have to call a couple of people,
douchebags, and you know, I tried to escape
for our to move to North Miami Beach,
the Star Lakes area.
You familiar with that area?
Star Lakes, I never heard of Star Lakes.
Hold some bakeries.
Oh, I know where that is, though,
because when you drive by there,
many aromas the best.
Right, just take a sniff.
It's a small community there, condos, old people.
Uh-huh.
And I had a chance to move into one of the apartments,
and I moved in.
Yes.
And I got kicked out.
They wouldn't in like my car,
I have a large yellow car.
Yeah.
They're just all over me, man.
They were in the middle of there.
Right.
And for no reason, it was bottom floor,
ground apartment.
It's concrete ceilings and walls.
I mean, I wasn't even noisy.
Yeah.
But condo rules.
And were you showering naked?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh. That's it.
I knew it.
Herbert.
Herbert.
No, really.
That'll be under the age of 55 in the state in the condo.
Isn't that something?
That, I saw the law.
Just pathetic.
How can there be such a law?
You notice this is another thing.
In this state, it's okay.
We can have seniors, citizens, this counts,
and early bird, all of a sudden the crap,
if you're over the age of 100,
you can get all these special discounts,
and you can live in places where nobody else can live.
But if anybody else wants to get a deal like young people
or students or anybody else,
then they get all bent out of shape about that.
That's discrimination.
We, we, on ours, we want ours.
Exactly.
And how long do they expect to keep them there?
If they let them in at 55?
Right.
I mean, how they make any money?
Till the age of 200.
Well, they're all douchebags at Star Lakes,
until it's Nathaniel Hobbes.
Well, have a great New Year pal.
All right.
See ya.
Like you said, Browards, pretty weak, pretty weak.
We have an open line on the Star Line,
if you have Bell's auspobility.
Speaking of pretty weak, I see Alex is in here looking like Mona Lisa today.
Seriously, have you ever seen Mona Lisa and Alex together?
That pose right there.
Just don't move.
With that here, he looks like a young Mona Lisa, doesn't he?
I'm Tonya, and I don't mean all that young.
Just a little younger than the picture.
I've been wondering, you keep saying David Paul,
but David Paul looks better than that.
But I mean, Mona Lisa.
Mona Lisa.
God, I thought I heard dancing in that in the hallway.
I wonder what that was all about.
146 and WIOD.
That damn man, he calls before on a bat line.
What is wrong with him?
What are we gonna do with him, huh?
What are we gonna do with that?
Can't we bring him in here and kind of straighten him out?
Clear water.
Yes sir.
First of all, this earlier this morning, a guy called about saying there were stealing one of your competitors there was stealing from Don Armist.
Don Armist is great.
I used to listen to him now to bring the actual showdown instead of stealing off of him.
First of all, I wanted to say, real quick, the heart still goes out to the people in homestead.
A lot of people forgot in here.
Right?
You know, they're still hurting and stuff.
But I wanted to ask you, before you all got your hockey team down there, was there much support for the Tampa Bay Lightning?
Before you all knew you were getting your own team?
No.
Well, you know there's a lot of basically...
Although I will say this because I didn't go to the game because I went to the track instead that night we had the Ranger Game with Lightning.
And a lot of people called in who were at the game and they said that there were a lot of lightning fans there.
And I don't imagine that that many people from Tampa came over here, so there may have been.
But I mean, are people from down there, do they support it?
Or do they support it?
Oh, yeah.
Fighting much?
Did you hear about it on the news and stuff?
Yes, they took it off.
Yeah.
Because, okay, there's a lot of...
I used to be a Ranger fan, so I moved down here in the back room.
Hopefully some of the people are down there listening to your station.
They pissed me off for the last time all these years of screwing up in the playoffs.
And so I became a lightning fan since I lived up here.
And you know, there's a lot of baseball fans up here that are mad at Heisenga for...
They think he's sold their team, so I personally I could give a crap about baseball.
But once you all start playing each other in hockey, I guarantee when the lightning crush Heisenga team,
the baseball fans up here will be...
That's going to be the name of our team, by the way, the Orange Crush.
I like that name, the other guy, because the ice...
Ice holes?
Yeah, there you go.
Okay, listen, have a great new year and we'll see you on the ice.
All right, take care.
Bye-bye.
Okay, kind of squealing on that phone.
Not him, just the phone or something screwed up with it.
Hey, Mitch Wain, let's send him a memo.
Fix the thing here sometime.
Like, can you get around to it like sometime this year in the coming year?
I mean, not... no emergency.
148 on the IOD Network.
Don't miss the Weekend Magazine featuring the latest news, information, trends, and what's happening.
This Saturday and Sunday morning, right here.
I just noticed something that in one of your interviews with John Candy, I believe,
it looked like an older interview.
You had less hair than you have today.
How do you explain that?
I don't wear a wig, sir.
Paint your ball spot?
More ball spot.
You paint your ball spot?
I don't know what you're talking about, sir.
My hair grows.
You paint your ball spot.
I don't have a ball spot.
How come you had less hair on the tape?
Maybe my hair grew.
Maybe I had a bad haircut that day.
By the way, something.
What do you care?
Paint your ball spot.
I don't.
Do you paint your ball spot?
Paint your ball spot?
Second.
That is great radio.
I agree.
153 at IOD.
And here's a beautiful...
Oh, by the way, Randy comes in tonight and finds her CD's all on the floor behind the TV stand there.
I did it.
Well, I try to put him back to you.
I put the cups and the stuff in there that Ron bought from the unicorn to bag in there.
And she's got all this stuff piled up to the sky.
And I appreciate her delimo because we don't have room for anything in there.
And they all like fell over.
Like Alex will put them back together again.
Won't you, Alex?
No?
Oh, he hates Randy like poison?
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Tremendous.
Great.
I've written a couple little things.
I know you're a big hockey fan.
Hey.
My nine-year-old daughter's a hockey fan.
Yeah.
And yesterday we went to see it.
It's a cute little movie.
You may like it's called Fighting Ducks.
Fighting Ducks.
Ever hear of it?
No.
It's got a merely a rest of us in it.
And what is it?
Oh, a merely a rest of us is in it.
I like it already.
All right.
What it is, it's about a...
You'll love this film.
It's about...
He's this big shot lawyer who has to do public service.
Okay, for a DUI.
And he gets thrown into an inner city.
And I think it takes place in Chicago or whatever, somewhere.
And he has to organize these kids about 15 ghetto kids.
Into a hockey team.
And they compete on what they call a P.W.
Hockey Network, whatever.
It's in Minneapolis.
That's where it is.
Because the North Stars, I don't know much about hockey.
But is it the North Stars that are there?
Okay, well, they take these kids.
They meet the North Stars.
They do this whole thing.
And it's really exciting hockey sequences in the movie.
I'll be dead.
How about that?
It is terrific.
It is terrific.
Just what you might want to know about.
I'll take your word for it.
It's a good film.
Also, let's see one other thing pertaining to songs.
By the way, I did want to ask you, and one of my friends asked me to ask you if I ever got through,
what you thought, since you are a big league talk radio personality,
oh, what you thought of the movie talk radio.
Horrible.
One of the all-time worst.
Really?
Yeah.
Who?
You didn't like his performance?
A bomb.
I mean, the silliest, the most insipid, the most idiotic pile of shot I have seen in the years.
And I remember distinctly watching that in the movie theater and looking continuously at my watch
to see how much longer I'd have to.
And finally, when they killed him at the end, which I was praying,
they should have done it at the beginning and gotten it over with.
It was just horrendous.
I mean, here's the board opposite.
It's spinning around in his chair like a dreidel in heat, like a top,
and flipping the carts, and I mean juggling, and it was just a stupid silly,
depressing, morbid, idiotic piece of crap.
Well, I guess you have an opinion on that.
Yeah.
I loved it.
Okay.
One quick other thing on movies we went to see Malcolm X,
which was a pretty mediocre film.
Anyway, the interesting thing was when we went into the theater,
and this is in Fort Myers, we went to the theater we see two completely uniformed
sheriff's officers standing in the lobby.
This was like in the second theater that it opened.
And radio car outside, blah, blah, blah.
And while we came out, they're still standing there.
It's like three hours, right?
Yeah.
Is there why you guys here?
What's the purpose?
Well, we were assigned here because we thought there might be some riot.
This movie might incite a riot here.
Well, I heard there was a bus load of Indians come in from it immocally,
and they were getting pretty nervous about it.
Yeah, a great way to spend taxpayers' dollars.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Yes.
Okay. All of the bridge tenders on the Santa Bell bridge
are a bunch of flaming douchebags for opening up the bridge for one teeny silbo
and keeping 10,000 people online here waiting.
Really?
Have a great day, Neil.
And you too.
Bye.
Okay.
Gotta get the bridge tenter out there for the new year.
Anyway, I know what I wanted to do.
I want to hear the rest of this.
From the form of Montreal.
Nice talk, guys.
The most and the honky engine Canada on TVC is rugby vibe.
Then he looked like the Mona Lisa.
Adam says, yes, he said Alex looks like the Mona Lisa on a bad day.
Most of the media, what fear is all of us?
By court of Canada, where quantity is more than a commission?
Quality is not what.
And by court of associate and imperial order, you're on your way here, that's all.
Yeah.
Boy, I'm all psyched up now for a great lunch at Mommies after that.
157 at WIOD, here's a lady in Surfside.
Yes, Neil.
I'm another Mitch Lewis fan.
I really enjoyed that Saturday night program to best the whole WI.
Oh, you're the one, yeah.
Yeah, at the risk of hurting anyone else's.
No, no, we can handle it.
But you're more of a Mitch's demographic.
Well, what I'm your demographic here.
Really my first love of a robot.
Oh, I like I said.
But seriously, what else does he do there that he just got fired from?
He was the production maven here.
He was the voice of the coast in WIOD and maybe hot 105,
but evidently that wasn't to be.
What did you say to voice of?
What production like commercials and announcements you hear?
Don't you hear his voice on a lot of these commercials and dance?
No, but I think of that.
That was his main function.
I mean, night rhythm was just an opportunity to be a little annoying and aggravating on a weekend.
But he just fell out of the weekend.
And he fell a spot in there that boy Gary can't find a real program to put on.
Oh.
But his main function and he does all kinds of comedy, but he's a great talent.
He's got a great voice and a great sense of humor.
And he's a tremendous talent.
And that's why they blew him out.
Because anybody that has an ounce of talent and comes in and is conscientious and does a real job in his company
soon or later will get screwed over and kicked out the door.
What's that?
What's that?
I'd like to do something about that.
Right.
I want you to call up that Bob Green and cuss him out.
I will.
Cuss him out.
I'm serious.
Call him up and tell him to grow a pair and get with it for the new year and stop screwing his station over.
Stop letting boy Gary destroy our radio station that we worked so hard to build.
Absolutely.
And we put our lives in our sweat and our blood and our energy here into this place, into this God forsaken musty of slimy building with all this mongrel and the vents up here that we're dying and choking on every day.
They're slowly but surely killing us and even then they can't to do it right.
And I don't have to get an ounce of New York.
And the same to you.
See ya.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
God.
So anyway.
So I think we solved all the problems today, right?
I got my juicer.
I got a whole bunch of veggies and good stuff here.
We're doing it.
And we got solved the problem of the IOD dilemma because she's going to call up and cuss his ass out big time.
I hope you do.
His name is Bob Oh Green.
Okay.
Tell him to Bob on this when you call, lady.
You tell him.
Cuss him out.
She was asked out.
Wake him up.
Camille's house hotline number over 92 grand 1 800 852 006.
This is South Florida's news traffic and weather station.
Use dog radio 610 W IOD by any Fort Lauderdale and the Palm beaches.
You dummy.
