anyway i have two things before we talk about women struggling for a powerful
voice in radio
women are struggling rights of course pat kuri who just happens allegedly to be a
woman
but it's very very so i believe it
but before we get into that i got a little thing here another one of those
personal things that i bring to the table so to speak
i don't want to go through the whole story because it's a long pond restory
i bought my house back in february ok closed in the house in the middle of
february
there was an alarm a security system in the house when i got there it wasn't
hooked up nobody knew how to use it
after about a month i finally called a security company that had put it in
their name was on the box but by the come out they screwed up my phone system
they drove me nuts i got rid of
i come on a year i told that story
then i get another of people call me because they heard me talking about
on the road we'd love to come out with straight to the level to the board the
best but but but maybe
i've had two major incidents first my phones all went dead again because the
first guy that came out screwed up the phone system and there was a short and
there was this
and then uh... then all of a sudden after the second guy came out and got it
straightened out allegedly a day or two later
the alarm goes off screaming and blaring i'm just sitting there living and
watching tv and the thing goes crazy
and the phone guy and the alarm guy came out that following monday
and a phone guy says you wouldn't believe just how screwed up this whole thing is
they go in the phone box and they patchy around and they mess it up and it's
like a nightmare and his best advice to me was just disconnect the uh...
the jack the phone jack to the monitoring thing and just forget about the
service because it's just gonna have a nightmare and these things are going
off like every twenty five seconds
so i call up this alarm company i will not mention their name on the year yet
and i told them that the audio is just is not you can't make a work right i can't
afford to have the cops coming to the house every five minutes uh... you know
with this along going off and the phones are getting screwed up for good audio
i said be sure to pass the message along the so-and-so the lady who is never
there the one originally called me okay no problem
now i'm starting to get bills from these people
after the second bill comes i call up the a party in question
and i said to her i said i'm not using your service the thing isn't hooked up
you're not monitoring it's that i explained to her why there was no problem
based on what she told me based on that conversation there was no problem
yesterday i go home i get my mail here is a letter from a collection agency in
pompano beach demanding the balance to thirteen hundred and sixty five dollars
thirteen sixty five
a sign to our office for immediate collection
et cetera et cetera et cetera with a lot of cost to cram
so i immediately call these people and of course the a party there wrote the
letters not there in his lift the country and will never be back again i call up
the alarm company well tomorrow morning so and so will be in she'll call you
day to clock i'll leave a message eight o'clock this morning comes no phone call
so about eight twenty i call there and sure enough here's this so one person
and i explained where the situation and she said well how would you like uh
to arrange for the man to come out he still has to disconnect the chips in
this and i said fine haven't come out monday and take out whatever equipment
you got in there because i'm not using it and i said also you got to take
care of this thing with a collection thing because i don't own money for a
service service that isn't working and i'm not using i can not go to pay for
that so finally a song of dance about the woman i originally spoke to
isn't going to be there till tomorrow and the dog is sick and this and that
would you like to talk to the owner of the company i said fine
she puts me on hold for thirty seconds
he comes on the phone and i'm i i'm not screaming i'm not yelling i mean i'm
hard to get a word out of my mouth i said i talked to so and so i'd like to
explain to you what's it uh wow i've been turned over for collection
see you in court slam slam down goes the phone on a receiver now that is a
beautiful way to do business okay so in other words if these people really
believe that i should have kept paying for a system that's not working and that
i'm not using why didn't they tell me that why is it that when i call
there and explain to them what the deal was no problem okay we'll take we'll
see that it's taken care of was the last thing that i heard
and if they think i'm right now to check which i could very easily okay i could
just go ahead and pay it which i assume see you in court slam that's a
wonderful way to treat the public how about making it work right okay how
about not coming out there and poaching around with people's phone systems
i never forget the first company the original one that
it installed at box remember that and the guy came out there not only screwed up
the phones but he went outside and i'm watching him he's by the phone box and he
like put a couple of wires together and made a short and he like jump five feet
off the ground i thought he was gonna fry his ass
all of these service i wish i didn't say all okay because there are some there are
some that come out and they do a good job some but man where you find him i have
no idea and hey forget about whether you want to get it done right or it's
growing up your life or your phone system or anything else forget about that
you sign a contract man we want your god damn money that's all we care about
just give us the money and have a great life and screw off and we'll see you in
court very nice charming lovely beautiful way to do business
women and radio struggle for a powerful voice is pat curry
this really a wacko that allegedly writes on radio in the fort letter del
son sentinel and she talks about the patricia howard lost her job as a
disjockey and add saleswoman at w e g n and alabama because the station
managers wife didn't want women on the year and then she talked to randy and
randy said there's no log against people marrying their farm animals either but
that doesn't mean it's okay gender fire based firings in alabama the state
supreme court said it was okay and randy says nothing has changed not yet but
we're working on it still on every fm there's five guys in one female and then
they go and quote our former morning news lady Elaine at tour news director
at w i n z left w i o d last month it was easy to go at bar she said because of
the stations attitude toward women i firmly believe a man and a woman could
come up with the same idea and if it was a man they'd say great let's what
run with it and if it was a woman they'd say what a stupid idea
at tour said that when she was hired at w i o d she was told there was a good old
boy network in the morning you hear that a good old boy network in the
morning instead of management fixing the problems she said she was told to
break through it the problem goes far beyond one station though she said
broadcasting in general and news in particular as a man's world run by man
well they not want to say this to you okay you left here voluntarily to take
the news director job at w i n z the all-new station with their
minisqule ratings nobody kicked your ass out the door but you couldn't read
she used to stumble and fumble and bumble and uh most of us here i mean
personally she was fine okay even after the second nose job she was fine
i have no access to grind personally but this is business but on the year
marginal at best in addition to which what really cracks me up is that when i
came to this radio station the news director was dorthy mack entire
a lady a woman who you know was was so repressed that all she did was leave here
and go to abc in new york for all kinds of big money
and it seems to me last time i checked at least a camel is sitting there in the
newsroom which i saw early moments ago
and we've got jennifer ramon we had gild beach in here and we've got how many
other women we had in that newsroom we had uh what's her name that went to
channel four gild not so bright
so what the hell are you talking about in the re the main reason that there
aren't that many women on the year doing talk shows or anything else
is that most women sound like crap they have thin voices on the year and most
people don't want to hear women on the year
unless they are extremely bizarre unusual talented like randy who is just uh
wanted a billion but man is good old boy network what a crack of piles man
just unbelievable
if we're so sexist at w i o d how come the former news director was a woman
and how come we have so many women in that newsroom how about terry how about
i'm not even remembering all the people in the newsroom horror women
sometimes i feel myself it's the ultimate phone fantasy
we've combined the thrill of phone sex and the excitement of the eldest
talk line to bring you to sterney to have the king satisfy your every secret
desire
umbrella sorry
that's right
call one nine hundred teddy bear the king is waiting to talk to you
call one nine hundred teddy bear now or just squeeze this here's a mobile in
Miami hello hi me how you doing great i had to tell you stories headed out the
Colorado a week or half ago and i got these two old parts in front of me
reading the hellendale news or whatever it was
he's about five foot four wearing a jeans outfit that's how tight she looks like a
sausage yeah and her husband's got the gold rim glasses so wide on the side that it cuts
off the peripheral vision and they're reading the paper and i'm talking about the dolphins
with my friend and he turns around and he says could you change your conversation please
you're annoying oh my god yeah you're annoying my wife i think you know it's an empty
and incredible incredible it was it was yeah i was with the friend of mine and i got out to
Colorado we wanted to call you a couple times we could never get through because it was we just
thought it was a story you'd want to hear i mean i was just i was i was so flabbergant how was
this guy about a hundred and fifty oh he had to be at least eighty you know i'm in the ladies
going i'm going to tell you once again and those numbers that we had yesterday those statistics
about the ten uh... oldest cities in america the oldest media mage all in florida and that's the
problem with the state it's an outdoor funeral parlor where nobody wants to let anybody else
have a good time they don't care if you got a job they don't care about education they don't care
about the young people they don't give a crap about anything as long as they can have their early
bird and you don't have any kids in their condo development already pets or anybody has a good time
absolutely that's why you know south-dated is it as much as it's a it's a hole it's a lot better
than living up north with all the old people can you change your conversations here you're
annoying some of the old parts in the audience like then you cream exactly well listen have a great
day and don't do it again sunny i promise i won't buy buy and see you and the land of the dead the
land of the walking dead like and bankrupt said we go to florida to die and we don't want anybody
to have a good time while we're waiting to die and we do our damnedest to make sure they don't okay
so don't go bring in your little kids and pets into our condo development or we'll throw your ass
out on the street even if you're like dying of some horrible terminal disease forget it because
we're all heart not ten fifty two you know i'm thinking to myself uh... henry baryl just came in
very slobily dressed because he's on vacation for two weeks
and i thought why would he come in just because it's payday that might be one reason
but now i realize because like a minute after he stepped into the room villa deli showed up it's
Thursday it's villa deli day i want to come be one of the good old boy yeah that's the good old
boy network here's one of the uh... provocateurs of the good old boy network wasn't dorthy news director
yes dorthy mackintare when i came here a woman elaine with talent by the way who's now at abc in
new york making jillions of dollars and didn't have to have a nose job
or sticker knows up anybody's but
god almighty and we got like jillions of women in the newsroom i get so sick and i
mean i believe in equality for everybody based on talent okay if you got talent you should get
the job if you're just coming whining around all i mean discriminated against
screw you as what i say all the way in the lane i'll pass in that case here's tapah hello
hey nail yes sir hey i used to live down in hollywood i moved over camp in eighty nine
a very positive move no not if you ever like i said a bad mistake
hey that's the count is it's like a big uh... cemetery worst in hollywood oh where far
what a what an indictment that is well and then i'm gonna have to suck in here to play
in football or what they think they plan for nice uniforms though man the best
the very good blinded by the bright colors yeah that's the idea let's try to distract you from
seeing what's going on in the game well unfortunately still see the game if we could
say we get smell like it's horrible the worst team i've ever seen you could smell it are you
talking about viny specifically or just in general well all of look at that stop cabbage look at
that and meet low god not that i'm excited to anyway i used to look at uh... the other station
over here at l a yeah and uh... this station you're on over here the first month you're on i didn't
even know it it took somebody from down there came up here on vacation it's a me when they were
up here they say you know the old one over here no way and yeah yeah
there you are i want to tell you i want to say it again that the people at wwc in and for a little
dinky fort mires no a thousand times more about promotion and publicity and get the word around
than anybody who works at cox broadcasting with their eight billion dollars okay this company gives
nobody any promotion unless of course you're on the slush fm where they don't promote personalities
just the music you want to the promos that they play over here on tv on the radio you all get a
chance to listen to those they they tell you what they're using or not it randomly pick what they
want not if we can help it because they picked some of the lamest conversation to promote you with
over here and it's horrible dying nice going time you geek i probably got more of my friends
listening to you just for a word of mouth and they have by running their dumb little act well thanks
a lot pal we need all the help we can i need to say it's all right going to call one person
expect sure max declare your property tag and do you have a great day you too and have a lot
beyond you to bye bye bye well have a nice whatever you celebrate and have a great holiday everybody
then we don't have to say a million times we have an open line in uh fort mires one eight hundred
nine four four three and already this is a spectacular feast today from villa deli look at that
come on dan dig into some food we got meatloat we got the stuffed cabbage and we got potato
lockies huh but theta pancakes is lockies and at the glossary of terms by the way in at the
magazine candle on a starline hello well i'm by the airport now yes sir listen the read one
of the reasons i listen to you what is the reason well that i can buy couragely through you
band band it be so called service organization the word i mean this morning i go to get my computer
okay it went in for service and the little a little door broke on it that the battery goes in
yeah so they send it off because they can't repair the little door here so meanwhile i'm out of
business for two weeks they say ten days i give them two weeks i go to pick it out today they
gave me a brand new computer why didn't they do that two weeks ago exactly and the guy says i don't
and i said would you move up lady yeah cut it out so i'm gonna route it off mode yeah so anyway i
tell the guy and he says well i don't know but i bought the call and complain i said well get
him on the phone right now well we don't want to do it in front of the other customer i said look
i got guys that want to buy this computer but if they're going to have the same sort of service
problem i'm not sending them here yeah so you got right on the phone and called them and
ripped them into one and i felt a little better but i'm still happy i'm glad you finally got some
satisfaction because this thing that i'm going through is so just extraordinary i mean not even a
phone call not the courtesy of a call and when i called to tell them i wasn't using their
system anymore okay no problem we'll see that it's taken care of yada yada no problem so if there's
no problem then then how come there's a problem now because they're so anxious to get all of my
money at once well i get real nervous when somebody says to me no problem yeah and that's one
of the biggest and then for the owner of the company that to hang up the slam the phone you know i
can understand if i was screaming if i was obnoxious no problem i can understand i deserve that but i
said i'd like to explain to you what the real situation is it's in collection now see had court
slam in other words i don't care if you're getting the service or not asshole we just want your
money now if somebody were to find out who this uh company was that you were working with yeah
and they were to sort of by accident mention that name on the air would that would that be okay no
no well we'd sure like to know when it all gets settled well i'm gonna give them an opportunity
to straighten it out the next day or two but uh if they if they want to uh you know be assholes
then i'll be an asshole back okay but you have mr canton the case no no he's no i didn't get rid
of me just too busy uh doing being a superstar have a great day see you we have an open line in
brown word five two four here's another one of the good old girl network people in here in the studio
Lisa Campbell how can you believe that she said that though no Lisa said she can't elaine you are
obnoxious what Lisa just said she said she can't believe that anybody with your talent with your
limited talents would open up a big fat mouth like that and start a big song and to dance about well
it wasn't a hard decision to leave but but yeah to go to a great station and work for a real radio
maher like buddy but taxideman he could take gold and turn it into a chicken droppings and like
two seconds that man that's what kind of a radio programmer he is god and then i see it's official
now they have meant named today dean goodman is the general manager of w i n z and w uh uh
zeta and uh got on in love 94 whatever else he's gonna buy up in this market why don't we just
like but taxing by all the radio stations in the market how do you like that huh and just sell all
the advertising and taking all the revenue and put CNN headline news on 24 hours a day on all the
stations because god we sure don't want to pay any high price talent to come into do anything do we
god forbid good old boy network my ass Elaine in fact it's a miracle you should have kissed the
ground that you were here as long as you were in fact that's one of the reasons they're afraid to
fire some of these people because they get a discrimination suit you get an incompetent guy
and help kick his ass out the door in two seconds except for Joey who i guess has got the pictures
of boy gerry but you get an incompetent male news person they'll kick his ass out in a second but
you get a woman in there who were very very terrified to blow them out because right away they want
to go to court don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news info trends and what's
happening this Saturday and Sunday morning i brought his very very sore
yeah take this one and stick it where the mondo shine chuckster your taste is deep inside in fact
it's probably that spot that is so personal that it makes everybody want to jump over to counter
and buy this album too
i guess when you're a macho man you can't admit that you like to disco huh everybody loved
disco but it's just not into admit that you loved it i mean Donna's summer we do agree she blew
okay she really a bit the big one but uh huh you like Donna's summer
you like Donna's summer like i said everybody loved Donna's summer she was the best wasn't she
i just want to be agreeable here you're so full of crock
and then he has the audacity in our macho news i think it is the good old boy network in there
i think Elaine had a point as a matter of fact i'm going to read the whole article over again
and agree with everything she said it's a bunch of good old macho man in that newsroom
yeah right up your alley chuck with our feet all ten of us
feel this okay it's eleven forty one and the word music intense it's my music i guess i can play it
i mean for him to go on there i have no problem they're in here for everybody in the station to use
but to play out in john's filadalfi or freedom that's the one all the other stuff i don't really
care about but to play filadalfi or freedom and say that it was a crock of crap and that he had the
audacity to name his tennis team after him well what the hell difference is that what does that have
to do with the price of peas man what does that got to do with anything who gives a crap about the
tennis team filadalfi or freedom one of the all time there even even Mitch Lewis likes it and
Mitch Lewis is one of the toughest of please people we have ever known in our lives
when the food comes in here he comes in here and he picks through all of it like and takes a
little uh chomp out of every until he finds something that he likes he's in here biting constantly man
especially Saturday nights on the air oh my god speaking of that
Neil Orlando how you doing oh my god we may have an accident in the studio any moment now
on the bat line what's up Neil there's only one thing i can say to you what's that
now god so you sure look good the other night thanks man so did you yeah
see you tonight i like this go what is it i like this go yeah but there's probably a reason for that
that we don't want to go into one the air isn't there was that huh what reason could that
be i don't know maybe it had to do with that tuxedo shop tuxedo what are you talking about Neil huh
i thought you went in for a perfect fit but i thought it was a tuxedo you were looking for
just a little joke i just i should have known it what i should have known what i should have
known you would have come up with one of those uh one of those off one of those risque
suggested remarks great what do you remarks i want to tell you something everybody in this
audience just reveres they worship the ground that you squat on why is that because you're just
a body that everybody wants even even the straight guys and the young women and old women and
animals and uh the trees that breathe the air and plants and they just want to be uh get up close to
you and say can that be felt oh boy yeah hey how about that hey listen if you're going to be a male model
and you're going to be like almost stark naked and all these publications and make a living doing
that then that goes with the territory i never start naked i said close to stark naked not even close
so is it true that you're not circumcised huh there you know what now why is that is that such a
personal we talk to guys all the time who say that whether there's that that personal
no you're not circumcised that's what we hear from people who know that i'm not right well i don't
you don't you must be related to korea kino that's Elaine's boyfriend who also didn't know if he
was circumcised because he always looks straight ahead well maybe maybe if you want to come over
before now and two will find out for you how's that when in doubt check it out inquiring minds want to
are you gonna let me say something new go ahead okay how about saying no god okay great how about
you got to understand you came to the game it was a cold night everybody was bundled up it was a
cool fall evening a perfect football night we played a great game at least the defense and you came
there like almost naked man you had a t-shirt cut down to your puppet and a little light leather
jacket that looked like you're ready to go to the s&m club i mean you look like a wild man
now i had a leather a leather biker jacket and a tank top a tank top yeah that went you know it
just went down a little bit you know they're not down to my navel you just went down a little bit
it just the tank top just went down a little far enough though yeah so anyway what did you
want to say i keep interrupting and i'm getting emotional i shouldn't do that just how about the game
you know how about that game you think huh i'm gonna have to go by and say hi every every time now
now you come in a Sunday night i'm a seasoned picket holder of course all right but you're i mean
are you coming up to see us because you're stopping by instead of pony see when ponytail comes by
we blow the lead in the second half and we want to blues in the game you come by and we're on a
perfect streak we're one for one well hopefully i just don't you know as a matter of fact Dan
marino told me personally that for each article of clothing you take off they will the offense will
score one additional touchdown oh yeah right all right like for each sock for like the bbds and the
pants and the shirt and the jack i'll just wear like three jackets and pairs of shirts and stuff
like that right and we'll just take them all off we'll score like 200 points great now we're
talking yeah the defense was dynamite Marco Coleman and Brian Cox were just outstanding they kicked
ass jb how do you like that interception by jb brown huh yeah incredible they just have to be a lot
intense play with a lot of intense they have to play the whole four quarters that's what bothers me
about the offense their periods of the game and it looks like they go they like going to a shell
like a little bit of a coma yeah i love Brian Cox he's a badass he doesn't take any crap from
anybody and how about Marco man he's another badass boy you know if all the other pans he's
stopped being such pans he's right and more you know that's Orlando's message to the dolphins today
stop being a bunch of pansies guys that's what's up a little bit coming from a guy who knows the
meaning of the word butch one day they did it they they put they butch stuff right you know
let's see if they can keep it rolling now i think we're going to kick the jets ass they got
like a whole bunch of injuries Kenny O'Brien is like in a wheelchair somewhere with his you know
they're just in bad shape yeah yeah well let's see what happens the jets always give us problems but
i think we're gonna we're gonna activate this this week from right from the opening thing i think
we're gonna come out there just loaded for beer and i hope this week that the invocation whatever
uh getcha you they bring out to do it last less than ten minutes okay did you hear that rabbi yeah
on and on and blessed the children and their parents and the people starving in samalia the people
and the hurricane and the jews and the gentiles and jesus and moses and god almighty we could have
played another quarter by the time he got through it was it was like an end and the pool repairman
and everything you know god it was an incredible by the way randy had a message you wanted me to pass
along to you oh yeah i butch is very very sore is it yeah that was the message i don't know what it
means there must be some hidden significance there well uh it's gonna have to be felt so let me
ask you something what it is it really when are you coming into the station there a lot of people
who would like to meet you oh yeah would like to lay their eyes on your uh head
just physically reaching there and take them out and just lay them on your uh for him oh great
yeah well these days let's see i have a lot of uh yeah i know you got a lot of assignments to do in
New York at Venice and Milan and Florence and Italy and here and uh all over i know i'm like
i have so much school work to do much in demand yeah i have this afternoon i gotta work
i have to work yeah yeah doing what at the beach at Miami Beach yeah i don't know i'm working for some
German catalog guys something i don't know oh yeah yeah what do they have like whips and chains
and they say you will take it off is that what they do no yeah no they just you know some sportswear
i think really yeah uh huh so skimpy and scanty but anyways you think you can get me a seat down
for next season yeah right between me and fat rich you willing to do that yeah i bought my buddies
what your buddies are gonna have you can see them at halftime how's that sound sit on the 50 yard
line with us watch the game well you go up and see those losers at halftime and say
yeah no no no i'm sitting right on a 50 guys all right great how's that yeah i don't care anyways
well as long as i get to see this right screw them man you can see them anytime not often you get
to hang out with celebrities so we'll see you Sunday night okay great take care of yourself you
too they'll keep your eye on it see you but wow no god it's 1149 on the iod network here's a cork
cables on a star line hello hey Neil yes sir how you doing okay what is the lane net lane net or say
she said she said that when she worked here that she was told there was a good old boy network
in the morning and instead of management fixing the problem that she was told to break through it
that the station had a crappy attitude toward women and i'm going to say it again what she evidently
isn't aware of is that before she came here the news director was a woman Dorothy McIntyre
who was very very good and went to work for abc in new york when she left here well not to defend
what she said uh i've listened to w i o d in the morning before micrinerie gets on and it's ridiculous
to hear i was a Henry Barrow right what does that mean i mean let's tell you i just tune in i mean
i have my alarm clock set to it it was like uh i don't know 5 30 they say and coming up next he
keeps going on and on what what women so you don't like Henry Barrow okay i happen to do it
immediately but what does that what does that have to do with the station's attitude toward women
well what she's saying is it's a good old boy net work it's like her or not her but
micrinerie and roger and all those guys it sounds like a bunch of you know a bunch of clown
that you're you're talking about apples and we're talking about potato peels okay one has got
nothing to do with the other your attack and renery show which which is your privilege but it has
nothing to do with the attitude of the station toward women or what's going on in the newsroom
in addition to which she was on here in the morning and morning drive which is the most important
for any radio station morning drive news is like el primo that's prime time news man so what the
hell is she belly aching about or did she just feel that because she left here and went over
there she had to take some gratuitous shots over here where she go i and z right all right
she didn't go to light bulb huh well she's she's about to step away from it in the book i'll tell you
that the winds uh chuck gonna talk about movies something he knows about uh hopefully today
have a great day boy sour god
Yeah
I agree. So Jeff from Pizza Loft who is the al-Rajers of Italian food, chronic, I mean just a pest
You cannot chase this man away no matter what you say about his greasy hair or anything
He calls up after I do the pizza loft spot and says to George and this is verbatim
I'm not making this up. He says it makes my
Hard when I hear Neil do a great spot like that for the law
Can you believe that?
It makes his hard
Probably ponytail is what he meant 1232 at W I O D is that Jeff on the line again saying that he never really said that before I
Guarantea man that Jeff said that it makes his hard when I do such a great spot for the pizza loft
I am an imbecile when you're tired of all that fast food junk and you gave some dearer daughter
Sconquo
At the road kill cafe you get freshly run over motor meat with no additives no preservatives and just a little gravel
Try the pavement pizza chunks of rabbit smashed by a semi on top a whole wheat dough or a pull of hard burger
Two patties of pure mystery meat tenderized by traffic and served with a pickle
Hi, can I take your order? I'm so hungry. I can eat a horse one equestrian special Charleen
So come on by the road kill cafe
Suppers ready
Never smoke pot. You know, I don't have the answer. I used to know it and I don't know it
There is there is a formula, but I don't know what it is that is great radio 1241 a W I O D big story here
Howard Cohen in the Harold Kings moving today time
But W I O D is dropping him like a rock from the World Trade Center and boy
We're gonna have a party about that on February 1st
Bob by Larry Bob by that's gonna lower the suction level in the building by about 30 DBs
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
What the hell is going on with this thing? Yes? How you doing? I called you a couple weeks ago
I told you I had a brother lived in Portland, Maine. Yes, sir
He goes hunting a place called a Greenville, Maine
And they actually have a road kill cafe there. I believe it. It's no light. Uh-huh
That's one of the best places to be in there. I'll bet
I'm coming in a spy report from FTL. Yeah great phone pal. Well, I can't help him in the airport
Get a new phone. We have an open line in Broward 5249463 in addition
We don't give a flying crap about FTL. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir
Did you know snap a one public? Yes, they did it's open to 20 bucks and it was up to 29 by the end of the first day
I didn't believe it was almost a 50% increase if I knew that I would have jumped on my buddy from the church
Just call me told me about it right? I
Mean that's kind of they could be double and then you're from that. What do you think? I would think
I mean, it's just the thing in town. Well, our nation wide now there are 50 states amazing. Yes, it is and you're the one
That was the Lorenzo's market. So you're the one that you know, what was the three or four years ago?
You're the first one that got everybody into it first one in this neck of the woods
You know now now they're even in the Bahamas thanks to me
Canada dry owes you now absolutely. I want to I want it in a big brown paper sack if they knew what you did
They would say give you like 10% or something. Okay. I'll take it real quickly back
Yeah, you talked about a date you had with a girl that was wild. I don't remember
You know I'm talking about yeah, Michigan State was a Michigan state. I want to say high school
Maybe no, I was I didn't have any dates with girls in high school. This was at Michigan State. We went on a grasser
That's what it was. Yeah, that's what it was and I'll tell you she was a knockout too
It's too bad that I wasn't inclined that her name was Arlene. She was from Detroit and I rented a car
I rented a beautiful Chevy Malibu. This is back in about 1961, right?
And all my friends from the dorm. They all had dates. We went out in this place in the woods, right?
And we had never been there before and of course it's at night and it's dark and where I'm like driving through this
Path is trail
I'm like scraping up the sides of this poor Impala against
Bushes and trees. I mean the next morning this car looked like it had been through World War one and two
Right
And then we get out there and of course we're all drinking our brains out
And so my modus operandi was to keep just drinking until I was so bombed that I just passed out
Which I did and she did I the last thing I remember was her getting up to tinkle in the woods somewhere and that's about and then the next morning
I remember waking up in the dorm. That's the next I don't remember anything between then how we got back or whatever
I wake up in the dorm and I look I was in the bottom bunk, okay?
And I look up and the mattress for my roommates bunk is gone
And the reason being that I had puked all over the bed all over the room all night and that the
Aroma was so exciting that he took his mattress neck in the room next door and slept next door all night
Then I get up no glasses no watch
Seriously, we got a drive back out there scour the woods and miraculously my watch and my glasses were there in the woods
That's a wild story. Yeah, I remember it was like I remember until a few years ago
It was a great story well it goes to show you what great lengths some young closet queen will go to to prove his masculinity
Incredible. Yeah, I would get that in you too. Bye. I
Remember like it was only yesterday boy that Porsche what a beautiful car that was I mean was like brand new practically
Not what I got it back and you know then those days
I don't know how it is now
But in those days when you brought it back and it looked like it'd been through a war
They didn't care because their insurance covered it and then we thought they were gonna throw our ass in jail or something
And we just said well somebody sides wiped us in the park
No, no problem. Don't sweat it. Have a nice life. Go back to school and drink a lot
Let me tell you something the only thing bigger than the one to two hour is that Debbie Alice boy
Yeah, she a cow
Round
right now
Maybe
I thought
I am an imbecile.
Please, wake up and just go away.
I think we need to put the cards on the floor.
How would that be, Mitch? We need you, idiot?
It was the hell were you leading me to?
Oh!
What?
You only station in America that has cart machines that are almost sitting on the floor.
Well, one thing about today, man, it may not have been great, but at least I've been consistent.
Total technical inequity.
Everything I've touched has turned a shot during this 4L.
Whatever it feels like I'm hungry.
What else would I want to play here?
Oh yeah, there were like 2 or 3 cuts left on his cart.
I'm behind the navios, Richard.
Go ahead and go.
Richard, there's an MSN.
There's a helicopter.
There's a helicopter coming out.
Look at the field.
One of those.
The field.
Oh, Katie.
What is this special hockey?
108 and WIOD are hockey intensive station for the 90s, man.
We are going to take that puck and just jam it in places that haven't been invented yet.
That man he is the biggest backstabber in the building.
We already knew that, Adam.
Have you ever had Billy Joel?
I never have had Billy Joel.
Had his wife, but never him.
Yeah, I had him a long time ago in Miami.
117 and WIOD, and we're smoking and choking it today.
We got the big tailgate party this Sunday night starting at 5 p.m.
because it's an 8 o'clock game, of course, against the jets.
There to be mediocre jets.
I know they beat the crap out of us up there.
I know that. That's ancient history.
Hi, this is Mari Fovitch, wishing you a happy Hanukkah.
I wonder if Connie Chung says Hanukkah.
You know, Connie Chung?
Boy, I can't stand her.
Miami Beach on a starline.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good. That's funny.
Hey, I took your advice.
I got the ticket to 15, the rubber.
Is that me on a ticket?
I got it here. I wanted to use a speed trap.
Yeah.
And we went up the courtyard as they had North Day Justice Center.
Yes. They took care of me. No point to...
What did I tell you?
And no suspended ascending.
They know how to do it over there. I am telling you.
They did it, all right.
And saw these other shepherds going to know nobody, you know,
helping them out or anything. They went out there.
And they got the same penalty as I did.
They didn't get any points either except I'm out of $100.
I didn't help you explain that.
That's cute.
What a jackass. What a moron.
Whoa!
I'll be Don Hill, Jack.
Here's Fort Myers. Hello.
Welcome, friends.
You're tuned to Pirate Radio, AM777.
I'm your host, John McEw.
And it's a Poke Saturday.
We invite you to come out and see us at Orange Row 54
at Fleet Masters Fleet Market, Martin Luther King Boulevard,
Fort Myers, Florida.
I am an imbecile. Good one.
How are you, Neil?
Is this John Jr.?
Yes, it is.
What a voice, John.
Do you, are you really a friend to him?
No, I wouldn't say that. He would say that, but I wouldn't.
Oh, he did.
John is one of the world's best.
He's the definitive radio drifter.
He is the stereotype of everything bad that, you know,
we think about in radio.
People who can't keep a job, people are always drunk
and down on the gutter.
And people who are just generally asleep bags, that's John.
But he's a good guy.
Yeah, but otherwise an ad.
And of course, he used to keep his wife in the trunk a lot.
Well, it was much discussion.
And claims to be divorced, but nobody did ever see her again.
But he said his wife never went to Miami.
Right.
Anyway, I'm glad your show is over here.
Yeah, you're glad it's over? So am I.
Yeah, over here.
Yeah.
Because we didn't get sun down here.
Not where we live anyway.
I know that. Why do you think we went on there?
You think we went on there for the honor of being on in Fort Myers, Florida?
Come on.
This is probably the second largest market in Florida, right?
Yeah, at least.
Right.
Okay.
Next to Okachobi.
All right.
Well, listen, have a great day and give John a big sloppy kiss for us, okay?
Oh, we can tell you.
Yes.
Starting in January, Fox presents a new show from Sheriff John McDougal.
It's deputies.
Okay.
Oh, God.
See, see what we're dealing with?
I am delighted that we're getting those calls because that's the, that's it.
What you hear is what you get over there.
God almighty, it's frightening.
138, we have another light-fingered story to report here.
Another little contratomps here at the Isle of Dreams complex.
Halcyon was just showing something to me.
No, not that, Johnny.
And come to find out that our friend's next door at your honorable hometown station.
A lot of our mail since we're right next door to Channel 7.
A lot of the mail, if it doesn't say whatever on it, it goes to the wrong place.
A lot of our mail winds up to Channel 7.
And she was telling me that more often than not, if it's like a package of some kind,
it comes back to us, opened up, and with stuff missing.
And she just showed me a thing from like the Columbia Video Club that was for Marvin.
And they know who Marvin is, they know he works over here.
And it originally had two video cassettes in there, right?
Now it's been opened up with one cassette in there with one tape, and the other one is missing.
And they bring it over.
I mean, why not just steal the whole thing?
To show you how smart they are next door.
If you're going to finger something of ours, Sally, or whoever the hell is fingering it over there,
then why not just take the whole damn thing?
And they say, oh, we don't know anything about it.
Never got delivered here.
Can I lost in the mail or something?
But no, they opened it up.
They steal the good stuff, and then bring like the crumblings over here.
That would be like opening up a box of candy that was sent to somebody here in the building.
And just eating like all of the candy and then leaving the wrappers in the bottom,
and then closing the box up again and bringing it over here.
Yeah, I have some more a Hershey Kisses, and Johnny, go ahead. You're free loading a slob.
I did that one time, about 15 years old.
151, and the search party never came back.
Let's go to Kendall. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you doing?
They're still looking for it. Pretty good.
All right. Listen, a long time season holder here at Dolphin Gate.
Yeah.
And I got a little complaint.
I never used to say it's a touch of Dolphin.
Danny, in a couple of weeks ago, when you started talking about him.
And I bet you probably started to get the heroin as a result.
And I can't keep my eyes off of this asshole.
Yes, he is.
What is he doing out on the field?
Good question. Can't we get something, something, anything, anything even close to alive?
Better than that crap.
He's got the stupid flag that says, go, go, go. He's the one that needs to go.
He's got two things. He's got the thing that says go, and the thing that says do the wave.
And we all ought to wave him. Goodbyes, what we ought to do.
He's going to be on 11 o'clock news.
No, as a matter of fact, they'd agreed to give her like extra diesel fuel so she can ride I-75 across the alley.
Well, here's the inside scoop on that.
I hear she's getting together with Sally Fitt because Sally Fitt gets off at 10 if you know what I'm saying.
All right, 11 if you know what I mean.
Yes, I do.
And I heard...
Is that the inside story?
Yes.
Okay, have a great day. Have a great day.
We have an open line in day, at 751 and 2 and Broward, 524.
You know, I'm thinking on this Elaine Nettor thing again.
What did she expect? Did she expect that she was going to be that we were going to fire Chuck and make her the news director?
I mean, Elaine Nettor, a quick little lick Chuck's ass.
Under any circumstances, she's not like not in the same league.
Chuck Myers is probably the best news person that's ever worked in the market even if he has crappy taste in music.
He is our news director.
And so what did she think? What did she think was in the works for her here that she opens up a big mouth?
Like I said, kiss the ground that you got a job because you can't read for a shot, honey.
Hi, Alia.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Pretty good, sir.
First time caller, long time listener.
By the way, thanks to a guy named George who sent me a t-shirt that says shot happens on it.
All right.
Not bad.
Okay, Neil, I took your advice last weekend, went to the pizza loft.
Yes?
Had a great time.
Yeah?
Was Jeff there putting on a little display for you?
Of course, he's always there, I guess.
Yeah.
And another thing I wanted to ask you about, whatever happened to that broad Bonnie from Kendall?
Good question.
Boy, I'm sorry you brought it up.
I don't know, it's been months and months, hasn't it?
Yeah.
Maybe she found a life or something.
She got blown away by the hurricane or something.
We can only pray.
Wow.
All right.
That was it.
I feel better.
See, I felt better and I didn't know why and now I know the reason.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Yeah, you know what I mean?
