The year of the performing arts Sunday evenings at 815 beginning June 26th.
South Florida skies park the cloudy today and tomorrow.
Skatter thunder showers today rain probability of 60% this afternoon 20% tonight.
Highs mostly in the upper 80s, lows in the 70s.
South to Southwest winds at about 10 to 15 miles an hour.
Current South Florida temperature reading is 85 degrees.
The weather in a word muggy Joe free WKAT talk radio news.
Stay tuned now for Neil Rogers.
Nine minutes after two at WKAT on a Friday afternoon June 10, 1977.
I'm Neil Rogers and we're here from 2 to 6 every day Monday through Friday and my guess
for the first hour and a half this afternoon is Dave County's consumer advocate Walter
Dartland and it's always a pleasure to have you on a program water and we're going to try to catch up on
some of the things we talked about last time you were here.
We'll talk a little bit about FP and L. We'll talk about the petition with the FTC concerning the Vega
Automobiles and some of the other things that you've been doing.
We'll talk about automobile insurance, which we could really take about 25 hours to discuss.
And I don't think scratch the surface. Everybody is up in arms about that.
But before we do that, you told me you had some good news about grants that have been given for your office.
And of course, I think all people in this community are interested in seeing the consumer advocates office
get as much help as possible and be as strong as possible because let's face it, you're protecting all the consumers in this community.
Maybe you can talk about that a little bit before we get into any specifics.
Sure, I'm glad to be here to discuss those. These grants have just been awarded.
The funds will be available as of July 1st.
And the first grant that I'm interested in is the one involving Latin consumers.
We did a survey about a year ago to determine how the Latin community is responding to the services available by the county.
And we found that 87% of the Latins did not know that there was a consumer protection agency.
They don't know the obvious younger utilize services.
Based on that information, another data that we had, we applied for a grant through Title I of Health Education and Welfare.
And together with the Florida International University as a co-grantee, I've been funded to go out and develop a liaison with the various leaderships of the community.
So we can start disseminating consumer information, making people aware of the consumer protection agency.
And thereby, beef up the response in the offices that we have, such as consumer protection agency, to these people,
we hire additional Latins just to find that, put out Latins into the community themselves, into the little Havana, maybe Halia, where they'll be easy access to these people.
So this is a long, you know, overlooked area of consumerism.
And I think it'll be, I think FIU and the young lady there by name of Olivia Winslow will be assigned to work with me on that.
And she's been released by FIU to do this and make it work.
So I foresee a great success, hopefully a great success in the next year.
Now the other thing involves a co-theory of education of the adult.
And you know, in grade school and high school, you can educate people through books and texts.
But this time goes on, your education is obsolete.
And you know, every little family, every home, every individual is a business center, so to speak.
And you have to make decisions every day that affect your lifestyle, affect the cost you put out and everything else.
And you have to base that information you can receive as soon as possible.
So if you're going to get involved in credit rights, let's say you're a gal and you want to know what you're going to properly turn down for credit because you're single and they won't give you a mortgage.
You know, you can't go out and take a course and try to find out whether or not you're entitled to certain types of rights.
And you probably won't find that booklet that's printed by the agency involved because that book was sitting on some shelf up in Washington where most of us don't go.
And it's probably not available from a local agency because we've probably stuck it in some corner and that can't retrieve it.
And if she got one many years ago, she probably doesn't know herself where she put it and can't retrieve the information to get the data.
Besides that, our society has become a bottom line type of society.
Everything is condensed. People on the way, it's a bottom line, ABCD. How do I do it?
Forget the theory and stuff. What are my rights?
So to provide that type of information, we have gotten a grant.
And this will be done in conjunction with the University of Miami and the Consumer Services Division of the State of Florida.
It's a statewide program. We will develop one line, we call it Teleconsumer,
the summer to the telemed concept which has been successful around the country.
And there will be a series of about 300 tapes initially that will list different subject matter,
discuss different subject matter. So if a person wants to get up on Saturday morning, this will be available Saturdays.
And if that person wants to determine what his rights are about having a car repair, he can go ahead and ask VALUS 1 statewide number,
which will be toll free. Ask for tape number 32 for example.
And tape 32 will say, well now before you go get your car repair, here are your rights.
Demand and estimate. Your title, your parts return, etc. etc.
And then at the end they'll say, if you need any further information, go to this other tape
or they'll say if you need individual assistance, call this agency.
So in that case, they call the local consumer protection agency.
It's a federal agency. We're not going to give you the option of screwing around and trying to find the right agency.
We're going to say here is the agency and here is the phone number.
That will give you additional assistance because I have found even our office, many times we will bounce around from office to office,
trying to find the person who is supposed to give us the answer so we can assist the consumer.
And we want to avoid that.
So this is, I think the interesting thing about this is that we'll have one piece of literature,
which will be available. We hope that every grocery store throughout the state.
And that's the only thing you're going to have to keep at home. We'll update it once a year.
And it'll hopefully be the model T of what I hope will be a real prototype system.
And when I say that, I mean, like for example, a little calculator that you've seen,
these little calculators I bought one a couple years back for $100.
That same calculator I bought from my son for $12.
And I think this phenomena of microelectronics is going to show itself in the form of home computers.
You're going to have a miniature computer in your home, anisital teleconsumer system.
We'll eventually be so sophisticated, I think, in ten years you'll be able to retrieve almost any type of consumer information you need
at your fingertips when you need it, which are a critical criteria that's grant.
We've gotten good response nationally about this program from business from around the country.
A lot of interest, including in Washington, my address to consumer federation of America last week.
And I think it's a go thing. It's going to be a real positive asset for the consumer.
It sounds like some of the things that Jacques Fresco talked about when he was here a couple of weeks ago looking into the future.
I disagree with him very strongly on some of the points that he made, but from the technological aspects of the kinds of things that he projected,
I think that you're really talking about many of the things that he's projected,
oh, as far as shopping from the home, I think already there are some outfits like Playboy Club I know has a service where they have a tool free number that people can call.
For example, if you want to buy a refrigerator or a stereo or a television set, and you're a member of the club,
you have access to a tool free number, and they have a computer and they can instantly find out the lowest possible price available on say a,
well, whatever brand television set or refrigerator. And I guess you're right that in the near future, maybe not as far off as we think that people are going to be able to do that right in the home.
I really feel that ten years, but what we have, the sophisticated gadgetry now, in ten years, the guys right will be inventoring all of our stuff at home.
As soon as you use up your cam, you know, Campbell's chicken soup, and you want some more of it, it'll light up and it'll print out a list for you to go shopping.
All you do is take that list, slip it into your local grocery stores, access, whatever it is, cable, and they'll order it and deliver it. That's going to be it.
I don't know, that almost would make it fun. You know, one thing you talked about in the first segment of the grants you were getting in regard to the Latin community,
and I think it applies not only to the Latin community, but to the overall community in this county or in any county,
is that it is so darn difficult to get the message across to the people as far as what services are available.
Just to tell the people, hey, we are here, we're here for this purpose. That's got to be a very difficult thing for you to do for any agency to do.
But when you consider that the consumer protection agency has been in existence for many years, and Mr. Mays has talked to hundreds of people and thousands of people,
and the exposure they get every time they get involved in a consumer protection type situation.
And then you look at the survey, see how many people realize that there's an agency around. It is appalling.
And that's why I've got this teleconsumer deal. Eventually I can see this tied into governmental services.
There may be just one simple booklet you'll have to carry around and one simple number that you can get all the information you need from.
Whereas our teleconsumer is always and they can include government services, you need trash, garbage, insurance problems.
By that tape, the message could not apply to governmental services as well as pure consumer products.
And in our society, there's so much information that there's no one source that has all the data right now.
There's no one pushing go to the zen answer. We call ourselves specialists, but if you ask me some of these federal bills, I have to honestly tell you, I don't know offhand.
I have to check it out. So if we pre-tape that information or pre-computerize it, we can then have it spit out back at us and we got it. We can retrieve it.
But it's a problem and it's frustrating. You know, like we talked about last week about, last week about, we were here last time here, about rusty automobile, terrific response.
We got calls coming in all afternoon. It calls coming in all next day and a day after it dribbled over.
And unfortunately, the people who listen were informed that they don't no longer have to accept a rusty car as a natural phenomenon.
But there are alternatives and they can start demanding them. But yet, what about hundreds of thousands of people who didn't hear that about?
How are they going to be informed? Most many of them will never be informed.
That's true. We're going to stop for just a second and then we'll come back and we'll talk about Florida Power and Light, one of my favorite topics.
And about the number of other things here with Dave County's Consumer Advocate, Walter Dartland. It's 219 at WK 18. We'll come right back.
Hello, general finance, friendly Bob Adam speaking.
Claire Potter calling Bob. The people who bought the home in sunny valley.
Oh, yeah.
Bob, remember how you said you as a valley gets a lot of rain? The valley is getting a lot of rain Bob.
And that today is interestingly enough, much 40 days and 40 nights.
Guys, there's a lot of rain.
Hey, can you guys hold the balance?
Oh, I'm sorry, Bob, but these carpenters are right on top of me.
What are they doing building an ark? Mrs. Potter?
Well, I have been thought it would be smart, Bob.
We leave these actually.
We're having a heavy rainy season, but it'll pass, right?
Oh, that's true. Yeah.
Look, we have stopped. I don't think we've got enough money to pay you.
That's the other thing. Bob, we have to have a loan to finish the thing.
Oh, yes.
You know an emergency loan or whatever.
Sounds like a transportation loan.
Can you help us out, Bob?
You can always get a little help from a friend at General Finance.
This team offices in the Miami area call friendly Bob to borrow up to $2,500. 751-8601.
Okay, we are back at 20 minutes after two at WK 18 on a Friday afternoon.
Now, let's talk a little bit about Florida power and light.
There is good news and there is some bad news.
I hadn't been aware of all of the good news until we had a chance to chat a few moments ago.
But we do know there's going to be another rate increase, not nearly what they would have liked.
But I guess it's going to be about $3, $4 a month on the phone bill on an electric bill, the average electric bill.
Is there going to be more than that?
Because they asked for, I think they got about their increase, about 52 to 55% of what they asked for.
It was about the same range it was last time.
And it will be a sliding scale type of increase though.
The more you use, the higher the user, the more you are going to pay, and greater the difference.
And smaller the user, the smaller the difference.
So it's definitely a staff, I think this case, the Public Service Commission definitely, I think followed staff's recommendation on the rate increase.
They didn't appear to give that much consideration to the Public Council's position.
Know that much consideration to the company's position.
They seem to follow staff. I'm pretty much well along with that.
What is the good news after all of that?
I know everybody is wrenching their hands and very upset about it being anticipated this $4 a month or more or $6, $8 if they already had.
In other words, really what it boils down to, to put it in its proper perspective, is that if you already have a high electric bill,
you're going to be heard that much worse.
Because obviously you're using more electricity for whatever reasons they may be.
And now you're going to get heard worse than the guy who hardly uses any at all.
That's right. It's a, it's a, let's look at this energy thing in perspective.
You know, when we got when we intervened in the Florida Power Light suit, I think the response position we could take was that we knew that the company was going to get a rate increase.
We knew the nuclear plant was an effect. We knew that goes in the rate base and they're going to get 80 or 90 million immediately.
And they would be entitled to some other cost inflation or anything else.
This is it we can all recognize that. And the average person says, yeah, I know that.
The problem I had in my mind and we in which we attacked was once the rate increase is given, how is a rate structure going to be shuttle to take into the, into the certain certain social factors that we think should be relevant in the society?
If you recall in a lifeline, for example, was one concept we pushed very heavily, we had a petition out and we got two weeks 45, 46,000 signatures in a very short time.
We made a presentation to the public service commission, which was not, which was well put together.
We worked hard on that presentation, which I made statements other people testify.
And we try to emphasize to the public service commission that there is a growing unrest among the populace in coping and being able to cope with their bills, especially if we consider an estimate I've made, which has not been agreed by many people said, I think electrical rates will go up 300% in 10 years starting since before the rate increase.
I already feel that next 10 years we can see energy rates go up 300%.
So many figure percentage increase, the people on a lower income scale, the people on fixed income scale are not going to be able to cope.
And we have to induce their encouraged conservation.
So the whole thrust of our petition was one lifeline, two peak load pricing, three automatic intercept, four encouragement of alternate sources of energy.
So it becomes more economical to put it in.
And we asked the public service commission for God's sake to do that, give the consumer a chance to save.
Well, I really feel good about what happened here because I think that Paula Hawkins, the chairman of the commission, was very impressed with that presentation.
Common she made during the hearings and after the hearings was that it was one of the best presentations she had seen.
I mean, an impact, I mean, on two of the commissioners anyway.
And when they passed their rate structure, the one that they plan to implement, they said that people who use 750 kilowatts or less are only going to pay roughly less than just about a little less than a dollar more.
Whereas people that use the 50 or 2000 kilowatts may jump, be jumped five or $10 for doing it.
Now what does that do to the average consumer? It says, okay, if I can keep under 750, I'm not only helping conserve energy by slipping under that because I'm using less than I did before, but I'm also going to get the special lifeline rate.
Which says everybody in our society is entitled to some minimum needs food shelter water, which we have lifeline rates in some water cases here now and electricity.
It's a social concept, not strictly related to cost. And we realize that. But we feel it's important in an necessity such as electricity, not dealing with an automobile or something that's an extra thing.
We're doing about an necessity in the home. Now, as the rate goes up, it's used more electricity than the rate of increase goes up so that it gets to the point where you can decide to get energy efficient appliances, for example.
If you're a heavy user of electricity, because of use out of hot water, you may go to solar heating. It becomes more economical to switch to solar heating rather than getting cheap electricity like they were before with the other in bird rate structure. The more user cheaper it got when use out of electricity, what's the benefit of putting in solar energy?
Because you're paying such a small increment. But now with this difference in rate structure, you might say solar energy becomes much more competitive and we can encourage it.
So all we're going to do is scale, you'll be encouraged to use the block below you and cut down everybody will be able to look at their bill and say, where am I at on this schedule, what other substitutes can I put in?
And from that point of view, I think Florida has taken a big jump forward on behalf of the consumer. There's a lot to do yet. We should be given the option of using our electricity off peak to get discounts now.
And I think that's going to come very shortly and we should be able to assist a couple of other ways. So the step has been made.
Took a lot of pressure and a lot of work by the public and date county. I think date county citizens are probably to be committed more than any other group in the state for making this issue very visible before the public service.
OK, but you say that in the next 10 years, the cost of electricity is going to go up 300%.
You know, what's the average person going to do? What's the lower, well, not at the bottom wrong, but what's the middle class person going to do when the price of electricity gets to the point?
You see, from what you're saying, it sounds like everything in a short period of time, whether you're talking about automobile insurance, electricity, things that we really need are going to be priced out of the market. What's going to happen at that point?
Well, any energy area as a cost we know historically that usage over a period of time is sensitive to cost.
So, and in certain large users have what's called, I like to simplify, a flexibility of usage. They have the ability to cut down without really hurting themselves.
For example, the county now has embarked on an energy conservation program. They have hired an energy coordinator, Molyp, who is now a full-time worker in that.
You know, the county just by using common sense effort is going to save a million bucks possibly in the first year.
And the second or third year, you're going to save two or three million dollars because they have this flexibility. They can cut, instead of having a brightly lit room where you don't need it, for example, with tons of lighting, which then needs more air conditioning to take out the heat from the lighting.
They can put in lighting levels that are reasonable for the usage that is being done in that room. They can close garage doors instead of keeping them open at the air conditioning air conditioning inter-CMIMI.
Common sense things where people just don't think about it and people do that at homes too. They leave lights on. They heat the ovens are heated, then their air condition.
They use air conditioners are not rated most of them at five EER and Efficiency Ratials five, which is very poor.
They're building air conditions with double the efficiency now 10 and the law requires by the way in Florida by regulation that every air conditioner be labeled as to its energy efficiency ratio.
But the public might not know it. They go out shopping and they look at an air conditioner and this one costs $100 less. They buy the cheaper one, not knowing that lifetime cycle costs that thing is going to be horrendously more expensive.
Again going back to our information retrieval, they could maybe punch out the alternative air conditioners and come out with the best buy in terms of lifetime cost or lifetime costs or about five EER costs or whatever it is.
So you're going to see terrific changes in use of insulation and encouragement to go into solar to windmill alternative source energy because of the high cost.
But the market, the free market system, do it. But at the meantime we have to protect those who can't cope with it. That's a little guy.
The little guy who doesn't maybe have air conditioning in Miami and he's a poor family and he uses heating and water and primarily that.
And we're saying that guy keep it under 750 buddy and we're going to keep your rates as low as possible.
We've been having to increase those for an indefinite period of time to encourage you to get there.
And we're going to do the same for the guy who uses 1000 kilowatts. You know, stand around 1000. You're going to be better off the guy who uses 1500.
So do something in your home to say that incremental cost. So there will be an adjustment in area when you get the things like automobile insurance.
You know, the whole different ball game. The automobile insurance system is collapsing.
There's no way to adjust to it except for the very wealthy now. Most people in daytime simply cannot adjust to the cost of living there.
And there are no alternative programs to give the consumer a chance to adjust to out of insurance.
You'd have to pay it, but you don't have any. And so that's a completely different type of thing.
Yeah, but isn't it going to be the same thing? Say for a middle class family that in 10 years if what you project is true,
winds up with 150 to 200 dollar electric bill every month and just can't afford that punishment.
In fact, maybe it'll be more like 300 because I know many middle class families with a fairly sizable home that pay $100 a month.
The four bedroom home in the suburbs right now, I wouldn't be surprised if summer bills are at 50 regulatory.
Okay, so let's say three times that is $450 a month. Well, I can't think of too many middle class income families that can afford to pay $4,500 a month for electricity.
So really it boils down to the same thing as if they don't pay the bills just like with the auto insurance,
FPNL is going to come along and say, audio is we're going to disconnect. You're not going to have an electricity.
Right. And assuming that wages will not go up as fast as energy costs. I think that's a fair assumption the way things are going.
Particularly in this day. Then I think what you're going to see is a government pushing incentives for alternatives,
which is really what I like to really see us get away from this, shall we say, the imposition of rates by having one source of power.
You know, it's sort of a, well, you say, well, it's constrained. One source of power.
We have to develop other source to be independent of this one power source. So we're talking about solar, other things.
And I think we're going to see the government come up with incentives to say, okay, put in water heaters.
Do this for power. It's a lot more money pumped into solar energy and alternate sources to get us over the hump.
So eventually I can say, if you have a solar, solar water heater for hot heating, hot water heating, once you put it in,
you may only use it 10% of the time through the power company. You'll have enough water used from the deal.
And the life cycle costs will pay for themselves very rapidly. If you know, if the government helps subsidize,
it takes, it doesn't, the higher the charge property taxes on other things. We will develop those means.
But the other middle class consumer, when you talk about things like auto insurance, he is definitely not going to be able to cope.
I mean, that less is income goes up drastically. You can't take a guy of $15,000 a year at charge of $1500 insurance.
Okay, well, stop for a second. And we'll talk these long as we worked our way into that. We'll talk about that next.
Our guest today is Dave County's consumer advocate, Walter Garland 28 and a half till three at WKAT.
And as I mentioned to you yesterday on the program on Wednesday, July 6th, just under a month away,
Bill Zaybel is going to be our guest. He's been with us a couple of times before. And of course, Bill Zaybel operates the four health testing centers at American Health that we've talked about on his program for over a year now.
And they're making some very important changes up there that constantly revising their approach so they can be of better service to the people of South Florida.
And of course, many of you are familiar with the health screening tests that they've been providing for the past year plus and the very low rates that have accompanied them.
And now they have five full time Florida registered positions on their staff to serve you. And they're going to be converting all of their locations over to complete minor illness centers so that they can be again complete service from a preventive medical approach and also from a treatment approach.
And we'd like to remind you if you'd like to find out more information about the services that they offer if you'd like to take advantage of any of the tests that they offer, you must call first and they have a toll free number from day that number is 944-7125-944-7125 or if you're up and brown, call their central location in Hollywood at 921-7778.
And be sure to mark the date on your calendar Wednesday, July 6th when Bill Zaybel will be on the program to a clock on that afternoon with very exciting news from American Health Association. We'll come right back.
It's here all day and now all night live talk six nights a week. WKAT joins forces full time with the mutual broadcasting system, the world's largest radio network to bring you the finest news information and sports.
Plus, the Long John Neville show live from New York at midnight to 5.30 the next morning Monday through Saturday night.
Weekdays, Long John Neville is followed by Miami's news-oriented morning program, the Informer as it begins 1.5 hour earlier at 5.30am.
All your other WKAT favorites will stay at their regular times except speak out Miami which will begin 1 hour earlier at 9pm followed by Long John Neville at midnight.
We're proud of our new weekday lineup. It's better than ever before. WKAT talk radio and mutual if we sound bigger. It's because we are bigger. WKAT talk radio 1360 on your AM dial.
It's time for a new car. Jefferson National Banks have the lowest rates on new car loans, Jefferson National Banks serving all of Dave County.
Lowest rate new car loans because we care. Jefferson National Time at WKAT is 234. Water, Darling is my guest and we're talking about multitude of things that are concerned to consumers throughout the county and the automobile insurance or something we're going to tackle for a while here.
Although I don't know whether we're going to come up with any kind of positive suggestions. They legislate you certainly hasn't been able to do that.
People are more confused now than they were back on April the 5th when the legislative session opened. I get people who call me almost every day to ask what are these bills mean the bills at the house in the Senate have put together and what's going to happen if the governor doesn't sign it and what's going to happen if he does.
People are so confused and it's a damn shame that this legislature hasn't had the foresight to be working before they convened in April to have study groups really coming up with possible alternatives and studying what's happening in other states because from all appearances regardless of whether they stay, whether they extend for another three months this year we're not going to get any kind of reasonable relief from the auto insurance problem that we have in the state. Am I right?
See the problem with the legislature is they went up there and it's probably you know insurance comes before a certain committee and that committee has many other things to consider besides insurance when you're looking at insurance you're talking about complex problem requiring a lot of studies and somehow you got to shove this information to every legislator for him to consider it digest and come up with a solution and unfortunately tell a has either real input up there for this digestive process legislative digestive process we're going to call that is basically.
So it's probably from the lobbyists and what we see in Tallahassee is generally that providing the material for this process are the you know the attorneys this case are very heavily involved and the insurance companies are very heavily involved the consumers point of view is practically left out except the extent that they at the legislators perceived the consumer's point of view through their daily context.
And it's unfortunate because to to really make any meaningful reform and they were aware this was necessary they really should have started a special committee don't talk about the commerce committee studying it they started to should have had a each house should have had or a joint insurance study committee as a starter so they could come in with some proposals I'm not too sure that would have done much anyway because those people have been subject to the same lobbying pressures as anybody else but at least they could have worked on it for a longer period of time.
Well you know what's happening now it looks like liability insurance is no longer going to be mandatory and I predicted when I heard that many months ago that if that happens the rates for those people who want to carry liability are going to go way way that had come I mean it doesn't take a genius to figure that out because there are going to be fewer people who are going to opt to carry and therefore the insurance companies are going to have to compensate for that by charging more and you got a vicious cycle so that means people are going to have one of two choices.
One thing they will have to carry evidently is going to be the PIP personal injury protection which is going to be minimal cause but then the dilemma is going to be do I do as maybe 30 to 40 50% of the people are doing in the state now and play Russian roulette do I go out and subject myself to all kinds of personal loss if I haven't forbid should cause an accident and cause personal injury to somebody else or do I take that chance and I go out there and drive around my merry way with no liability insurance.
This is a dilemma that people are going to have to face and I think most people are going to opt for the latter they're not going to have the liability insurance because number one they're not going to be able to afford it and number two they're just going to be figure out most of the people are in the same boat as I am so I'm going to take the chance.
They have the legislature especially outside of date and Palm Beach and Broward County didn't perceive the problem correctly they look back to 1969 or 68 before we had compulsory insurance and at that time only a small percentage of people were uninsured.
However at that time the rates were also quite low so there was no reason to be uninsured. Now they say well that work then it should work now in a free enterprise system if we don't make a compulsory the companies will have to fight for it and stuff like that.
That's not true now because you have different parameters now the average insurance is from JUA alone is 800 and some dollars and you're JUA fund.
So the average rates have gotten sky high. Now I still I've always felt that half the people at any given time are uninsured in this county and I maintain that and I think we have good basis for that estimate.
However I also felt that based on a survey we have taken locally and in the six county area that the uninsured rate will go up to another 10 to 15% because of the non compulsory insurance.
Many people feel coerced to keep it now because they don't know how to get false stickers they don't know how to play the game about paying your premium deposit letting it lapse waiting for a year and a half before they catch up with you from Bella has he.
And then doing again or moving getting a false box number up in Viral Beach and getting a license issued net box number and having insurance as saying your box or Viral Beach resident getting a lower rate they haven't been sophisticated enough or show you say dishonest enough sometimes to follow the system.
So what's what they're going to do now is not to even a loot to that anymore is going to say well I can't afford $1500 or $1,800 I won't carry it.
And most people's pocket books the rates are now prohibited for the average person earning under 15 20,000 some of those rates are just almost impossible and they will opt out and they will find ways to the wealthier now they're going to hit your 20 may find ways of putting your money into someone else's name into a trust of some sort.
And most people are really judgment proof and you think about it they really sit down and think about it and they're educated are almost judgment proof they can't touch your house.
One car they get your car your home furnishings and your personal books are exempt if you're hit a household your.
The serious injury over and above whatever he may be covered for personally let's say he has in the you know $10,000 claim that he ordinarily would file the other guy isn't going to he's going to be Scott free so what's going to happen to the guy who's the victim of the accident we're going to have a real problem because with a victim the accident will have anybody to sue he'll have to carry his own insurance for uninsured motor coverage that uninsured motor coverage will rise substantially you know as more and more people are insured so the guy is going to be paying a double load.
40% remaining insured or 35% going to pay for the other people you know to sue them they could be sued you know they're going to cover insurance or protect themselves from the guy who's uninsured also you're going to get your claim double load.
But the crisis comes in you know it was was happening before that the guy who was severely hurt now before you get an uncomposedly still not protected against the other guy the other guy only had a carry 10 20 $10,000 might bite you by a broken leg with any severe injury you never had any real protection of the torts.
The other guy was a system anyway and when the legislature throw these big examples of the guy who was crushed the car public bonus crush and never be able to carry children and stuff like that that is such a small minor number of people that and those people had a hit a wealthy client anyway.
They had a target defendant as we used to call him before you could got any kind of damages like that you have to have a lucky come you know the idea is people should be signing a back don't hit me on the carry 10 20 don't hit me I don't have any insurance if the guy's got a hundred two hundred
hundred and he can be hit because it took that for two of us luck in the past to make every car water the whole approach is so regressive for example also tied into this bill is a business about raising the fine for a speeding ticket for example up to $55 I'll tell you why this is in it it's in consistency you know what they said in legislature same legislature said one you cannot consider points in you're in deciding your insurance.
The next premium if there's a lack so they say points are irrelevant let's just an accident they turn around say however for the good guy fund.
We are going to assess you 30 or 40 or 50 out of extra for every lousy point you get so they're inconsistent and the money's not going to go back to date proportionately like it should because we pay the higher he's going to go back for to the county you know for each county as it because you have a go back to county and be pro rated so we won't even get back the right amount of money that we're supposed to get from the process.
And you know that that that kind of that question you brought up shows a total inconsistency and the logic of the whole legislative process in this issue and how really far feel they went and you know I can say about this you know I've penalized enough for not get a ticket right now I don't need to have another $30 thing tack down especially if I made a right turn because I forgot to look up there and says a sign is no right term between these hours.
Some done thing like that well tell you you know you're going to have such tremendous hostility because you know maybe they think that this is going to make people drive more carefully it's going to cut down on accidents you know as well as I do that that isn't going to be the way it's going to work and they're still are going to be police cars sitting on the Julian total cause way behind the bushes and another parts of the county behind the bushes with their radar waiting to get you going six or seven miles over the speed limit and the poor sucker who comes along and gets hit with that not only is going to get hit with a 55 bucks.
Fine but then he's going to have them altitude all the other problems that you just mentioned you know this is no way to run a real road it really is they forgot to look a step ahead.
Let's take poor guy who can't afford insurance and decides to go no insurance he has an accident at that point he must carry insurance right which is going to cost him a
Where the hell is he going to get where is he going to get that insurance he essentially has to go to J.
Way right now you have one ticket and date you got one no fall accident even you get put in the J.
Way there's it's practically no free competitive market here so you go to J.
Way and that's going to be raised that's a 25 now it's going to go up even further so this guy who couldn't afford insurance before is
going to be less able to afford it now he's got a lawsuit to defend.
He's got to defend himself somehow because a guy they sue him for reckless and wanting this.
You know the only ones who are going to benefit from all of this the MTA is going to have a field that is everybody is going
to leave their car home and take the bus we're going to stop for just a second it's 245 at WKAT most of our lines
of it already and we'll go to the phones in a moment we have a couple of lines available in
Dayed 674 95 to wait with my guest-aid County Consumer Advocate Walter Dirtland and we'll be right back.
This is Chris Myers and WKAT sports inviting you to enjoy Major League Baseball tonight on WKAT.
The exciting Atlanta Braves take on the Philadelphia Phillies as they try to get back on top in the National League East.
It's the first of three weekend broadcast and it all starts tonight right here on WKAT 1360 on your AM dial.
If you're a sports fan you'll be here.
Even if you're not doing anything special doesn't mean your weekend can't be special.
Sometimes the best weekends just happen especially if you just happen to have Mika Lowell on hand.
We can make for make a lot.
It's make a lot.
We can for make a lot.
And he's a boy St. Louis Missoury.
We are back 13 and a half before the hour just before we take some calls.
I said when we started the conversation about auto insurance that we didn't have a positive solution but I'm sure you've got some ideas of your own and maybe we can throw those out and hear what our listeners have to say and maybe some of our listeners have got some suggestions.
Good.
One of the things I've done is sent a letter to Phillip with his next president and to high brown speaker designate and to Bill Gunner the commissioner and I've outlined a 41 point program that he's a be instituted.
We have to start off with as you suggested initially an intelligent approach and you're not going to get it by appointing a bunch of legislators invested interest to a special committee.
I suggested they appoint a citizens committee made up of people who do not have vested ties to any of these industries to review the entire program now in terms of auto safety.
How does that contribute to accidents road building but other states how are they doing it?
What have been a failure successes compilous information determined for example whether or not the tort system is really dead.
Should we really keep the tort system who is a tort system really compensating our victims really being compensated or is this an illusion?
We have to find us out forget the rhetoric and the great examples and jury trial type approach. Let's look at the fact.
Secondly should we really have a state and demnity font should we just do away with private insurance companies and set up a state and demnity fund.
We personally will be compensated as you're under workments comp now. You get you know you get your medical you get your disability and then you'll get a certain amount for certain types of injuries with a soft tissue with a loss of an eye loss of a leg you'll be paid a flat amount.
You can still sue for reckless and willful or intentional tort you can still sue for it.
But we should take a look at that we should look at the auto repair section is it auto repair is a big part of your premium maybe we need to set up something like a county or state.
Accent evaluation centers where you can have your body accident evaluated by experts and that's the fee of pay and they will cost cost pressure a unified pressure against the auto companies to provide parts that are cheaper instead of having a central monopolized system where you can only buy from GM you can't get it from the distributor and maybe we can get some some some.
We need to get some standards in automobiles so that they last long they don't fall apart when you bump them and we need better bumpers and better safety equipment so one bump on the side doesn't mean $300 on screw the darn thing and for another bumper out or another fender out when you look at those things in the oppressor.
So this program has been sent out to those people to the extent that you know they they review these and study them we should have an absolute recommended that this be done immediately and that they this commission report to legislature within 12 months so that they can act on it in a tall just a matter of time and that's the only I think practical way of approaching it now in the meantime for next year we got a disaster will be well this will be a real study and futility here in the county.
Speaking of disaster just a test on one quick other point before we take a call you mentioned to me off the year earlier about hitting runs where we've already had an increase where people are going to be petrified whenever they have an accident to stay at the scene so if the opportunity arises they're going to beat it if they can and you know this just creates.
As long as I carry away as long as I carry away people will get away with it and then it's showing up already in a hit run statistics that people are getting out of the accident disappearing if they hit you and this is going to increase even further when there's a when they're going to be sued and remember now every person has a care insurance the old days these insurance can be paid for your attorney to defend you now you wouldn't even have that you have gotten higher in attorney and that may mean one or two thousand dollars out of your pocket to be defended and you got to be very careful because sure you can go bankrupt.
After a judgment for ordinary negligence and clean out your debt but if that attorney throws in a clause in that complaint saying that you willfully and want to be causing accident even if it's not true and you don't defend allow default judgment it won't be discharged in bankruptcy so you have to protect yourself that's going to cost money.
Let's take some calls to what our listeners have got rattling around them sure most of it will be about auto insurance. Hello WKAT. Hello. Yes.
What's the damage? Walter darland. Mr. darland. Yes. What you say make a lot of sense it would be nice if what you've been speaking about here could be recorded and the purpose public it because I think your discussion is ladies and what any risk could give the lady the sleeker.
And I think that what position is the governor on this. What position is the governor took on these things was to a dozen deal yes would be spec to which one the automobile or I suppose what you're speaking about is the new legislation out of telehealth yes well that that is the position of the legislator not a governor has not taken the position I personally don't see what a veto or anything else will do as far as the governor is concerned I'm not going to be able to do that.
I don't see how you know I think it's too late or whatever you either way but they left things as they were or or change them as they are I don't I don't think the day county person will be able to cope with the problem.
What if they do these new things which you say are bad if it leaves as it was wasn't it that's right well now.
The government is suggesting to run out of delegation letters by us to the government for a conference well we we have essentially done that sir through the slutter to the top legislator as I'm to the insurance commissioner and I think it's a good idea I hadn't sent a copy to the governor and I think I will do that so he's aware of it.
I suggest that there is a lot of delegation to call on him that might I just hadn't thought about the governor's I just but I will inform him of it and it may be that as a result of this 41 point program and I'm presenting that they may want to get together and discuss it and I would hope that this would be something positive and that's a good that's a good thought.
Well now I think this is the people in the legislature passed these things we ought to know the names around because they can be punished in the next election with all they are.
Well sir all you have to is open up your newspaper every day and that's from day to day.
What we need is loud loud not these like what's the name and leader blind starts up as you let's join the coalition or anti-collision get going.
May I ask you this under the is the right and what you call it no insurance clause in the policy what you call that.
You're not insured uninsured motorist clause.
Well I have that but you're not going to do the pay off like what is that thing where you forget now you have insurance and they deduct so much to begin not to get what you call.
Collision? Yes they do but you have to pay for that.
Yes but I mean it isn't an accurate to what the name indicates.
I was damaged by someone a hit and run I had all that kind insurance but what did the Zippet was a collision deductible.
Yeah they did probably give you coverage if I that's the part they probably say they can't.
Full coverage.
But did they pay you your full amount?
No. No they don't.
They say it refers I think there's something you speak in that clause that indicates that the deductible all the way through.
Now it seems to me that the right you're saying it makes more sense as they got very good.
We don't get the picture that you you describe.
Yeah that's true we talk about information that's true the it's tough to get that information the average.
So the case here I'm going to have to move on I thank you for your call go to Broward hello.
Thank you.
Yes.
Yes.
Your gift I think you certainly is saying everything that makes a lot of sense.
I'd like to say this state insurance.
Indemnity fund man but just so we're clear what I'm talking about is a state and demnity fund.
Yes I mean I think that should be an option though but it should be available to people.
I don't think I mean insurance companies are in business and I understand that.
I guess you can't write them right off the books yet.
It might not be a bad idea you know that thought has never really crossed my mind.
I have to really you know I get good ideas from the public by the way I don't not that original sometimes.
I think the idea of a competitive you carry your own system we carry that up.
It's it's conceivable I have to really think about the competitive system whether or not the state should compete.
I think the state legislators did the only thing they could do and I'm glad that they did it to have the compulsory drop.
Because this will give the insurance companies the opportunity to show that they will by advertising and offering competitive rates to show that what can be done to help the people.
Now if they didn't do that and the way they would have kept it would have kept that compulsory.
The rates would have soared so high that it was a disaster in this I guess the whole state but certainly South Florida.
And I'm glad that they did that even though it's the same they had to do it that way but it was the only thing to do.
It was like saying well unless a person has some health insurance they will not be allowed to come into a hospital or unless they have a burial, a burial plot they are going to bury the person.
Let me just comment that.
I think your your your interest here.
I have a his my thought on that is I think there may be the cure here may turn out to be worse for that poor person than than with the situation.
I think the situation was before and I would have favored decriminalization. I don't think a person should be a criminal for not being able to afford it.
But when we now don't make it compulsory we'll have to look at the situation as develops and see to what extent people who are sued now and don't have insurance get clobbered and maybe cleaned out indefinitely.
Another thing is the tickets that they give out so freely in accidents.
Now the judges the county judges it took over the municipal court to trying to point out that there's a great savings.
When they dismiss a lot of these cases it don't have any substances from the tickets the officers write at the scene.
And this is a great savings in paperwork and in in employees on the time and yet the chief police are complaining about the revenue but there is a great savings.
They're not pointing out the fairness that the county judges are trying to get to the people and the savings and all the paperwork and the court work.
What you say I think the judges I have watched operate have been very very fair to the people who got tickets.
But let's look at the ticket system for a minute since we're talking about it.
The ticket system to me is totally irrelevant at this time of way it's constituted to whether or not you're going to have an accident.
The only relevant factor for accident purposes should be your accident record and not your ticket.
And therefore you see if that was true you see you wouldn't mind having a very simple civil procedure and paying a fine and sending it in if it didn't reflect in your insurance record.
And I don't think it should.
We are doing a study in our office and I can't reveal all the results.
We haven't tab you in a very initial study show that for example speeding on the expressway.
It has a very small correlation to the number of accidents for that month at the number of tickets for speeding is so large that it is the small number of accidents that speed and expressway causes that the relationship is rather irrelevant.
We'll talk about that more I want to expand on that when we come back.
Thank you for calling me. We're out of time this hour.
Our guest today is day county consumer advocate Walter Garland and the water will stay with us till 3 30 this afternoon.
We'll take some more calls and talk more about that problem when we come back after the news at about 10 minutes past three.
Here on the talk of Miami this is WKAT Miami Beach Miami 1360 on the dial.
I'm going to tap the three at WKAT on a Friday June the 10th.
We'll talk about the water and the water and the water and the water and the water and the water and the water and the water.
We have two of them because of non renewing in the state of Florida.
Now we have the third company and submitting a new application.
I had the two violations that other members of the family had.
Well the insurance was up to $1,400 which hurt us a lot.
In investigation they just notified me yesterday they have uncovered two other violations which I honestly didn't remember.
They're adding on another $903.
Does that have to be paid?
How many accidents have you had in your family?
No accidents. Again they go to the inequity of the tickets and the accidents.
My husband is a traveling salesman. He traveled at least 50 miles a year.
He has never had a violation of a so this one that he hadn't even forgotten about that was about two years ago.
Let me just come another thing. The company say three years, your record.
What is the basis of three years? He just reminds me of the $44 pound limit on airplanes.
You can only take 44 pounds on airplane. Why? After airlines.
Well they don't know it's just a rule. It must be some reason that you check the history and you find out that was the weight limit on the old Wells Fargo stage coach.
So why three years? Why not two or one a year? Every year review.
We don't know that there's any basis for that. Right now you say tickets for your husband and yourself?
My husband and my son.
And your son? How old your son?
He lives at home? He lives at home.
They have to move them out. They have to move them out. They get a quarter of any more.
They live somewhere else. If any people are doing so once he's in your household they will tack them on as long as he's in your household.
We've had him with us for the past two years.
I've had my kids for 14 years. I think I'm going to throw them out when they're 20 either.
We have any recourse Mr. Dartmouth.
If you'll call my office we have a shopping list of companies and if we have a listed as to the high and lows.
If you'll give them a call, I'll leave that for a lily in there or anybody there will give you a quote as to which companies appear to have a lowest rate.
Check with them and see what you can get.
I can say it's unfortunate about those tickets and that's a problem. They're going to stick you in JUA.
Check your policy too if you would.
You'll be sure you're not in the joint underwriting fund.
We are in there.
You are in there?
That was before uncovering these two.
They stuck you in JUA right off the bat.
I think your only choice right now is to try to get that list from us.
Try some of those companies and see if any of them will underwrite you.
Sometimes it depends on timing. They will take certain risks in the early part of the year where they won't take later part of the year.
They use up their quota and various other systems they have to limit their liability and they can't.
But you're the type of person that unfortunately is what we're faced with.
The high premium.
I'm going to watch it.
I mean for 30 years and have you had to have a ticket.
And you're stuck with everybody else.
I don't get any compensation for that other than my own pride.
I would like to say also we're going to be doing a national program with the national television.
If there's any of your listeners who are not caring insurance because they simply can't afford like this lady here.
We have to drop it because he's high cost.
I haven't yet. I haven't yet.
I like your company.
$103 by the 16th of June.
Now, man, I just asked you one question.
We have already put a down payment of some $500 and we're paying out the balance of the 1400.
You mortgage your house?
Not yet, but with the 900 I would have to sell one of the children.
But does that mean now if I should drop this or look for other records would I lose my down payment?
They would have to throw away a certain point of that to you back.
It would have to do that.
I'm sorry because you're stuck.
You're in a situation where there's rarely conducive shop around.
And shopping around many cases, they kind of is an illusion.
It's good for us consumers to tell you that.
But it is actually an illusion in many cases.
Now I can do is say try these companies which are the lowest price companies.
And see if they'll take it if they don't.
And you'll see what I mean.
There just isn't any market for you.
Right. Well, it is just not to the point.
I mean, I tried myself one.
I'm being a law-abiding citizen, but they just don't give you any other record.
I'll good luck to you. Thanks for calling.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
You might want to give you a number right now, Walter, so that people who are in the same boat can call that number.
It's 5-7-6.
5-7-9.
I'm sorry. 5-7-9.
4-2-0-6.
5-7-9. 4-2-0-6.
Okay. We'll take another call.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Ms. Dottland, I was very happy to receive my copy of the by-laws.
They Florida Consumer Federation.
Yes, ma'am.
And I thought it would be pregnant to bring the subject up at the moment.
Of course, you can explain it much better than I.
I'm really glad you did.
I hadn't.
But we have formed a statewide Florida Consumer Federation, so you'll release it.
We do need members because it's a very new thing.
And I think it's a beautiful thing that's happening in Florida.
Now, the gentleman who asked you to put your comments on tape,
if he would join the Florida Consumer Federation,
I'm sure would be kept informed since you are vice-president.
Yes, the good point, I'm sorry to mention that we are pushing for membership around the state to form an association that will lobby.
And that's why I will not be tax exempt.
So, the contributions are not tax exempt to this organization.
We intend to lobby legislators.
We intend to put their voting record on consumer issues on the block.
And we intend to this association to influence legislation.
So, it is an active type of organization that we're looking for memberships
so we can get a full-time director to help us with this.
And we're looking for larger contributions from organizations such as neighborhood associations,
a kind of million associations, etc.
And I want to thank you for reminding me about that.
It's like saying something else.
I hope that since you're asking for input from the members,
I hope you intend, like Common Coors,
does nationally, to list the legislatures in telehazzy with their voting records.
You're absolutely right.
That is one of our goals in addition.
The only way we can punish them,
those who collapse before the insurance lobbies,
those who's conflict eventist as lawyers, prevent them from doing what we sent them up there to do.
We will not only do that, but we will, of course, try to set up,
like we will pull the membership every year.
It's up to top 10 consumer issues.
Have legislation prepared on those 10 and then follow through
and show how the various legislators reacted to those top 10 issues.
Yeah, well, I think it's very important that you list these people.
So we get to know, just by reading the papers,
you can't get enough, especially the Miami Harlow.
Katie, thank you.
Have a good day.
Good bye.
How are you?
318 at WKAT with Dave County Consumer Advocate Walter Dartland
and we will come right back.
Your new address, the Charter Club on Viscane Bay.
Sound good?
You should see it and feel it.
At the Charter Club, you can stay home with six beautiful acres
overlooking Viscane Bay for your personal and private use.
Or you can enjoy all the entertainment and pleasure palaces in Miami Beach.
And if you work in downtown Miami,
your office is only 10 minutes away.
Picture yourself at play on private lighted tennis courts or handball courts
or basking in the sun beside your swimming pool overlooking the bay.
Oh, the gentle breeze.
Inside your Charter Club apartment,
lots of room and luxury.
Florida ceiling windows, your own terrace.
And here's the best part.
You can rent it one bedroom on a half bath for as little as $375 a month
or buy it for as little as $44,000.
It's the best value.
It's your world, the way you want it.
The Charter Club, Julia Tuddle Causeway off Viscane Boulevard.
Models open 10 a.m. to 6 p.m., seven days a week.
WKAT, Miami Beach, Miami.
Now there's a fear that's made to water.
It's far the way you live today.
Cause it's a crisp refreshing natural break in the midst of work of play.
And high surface natural light is in town.
It won't feel you up strong.
It won't slow you down.
19.5 after 3.
And by the way, in connection with that last call,
and I'm awfully happy to lady brought it up,
because otherwise I would never have stumbled into it.
If you're interested in the Florida Consumers Federation,
and you'd like to get the information
and how you can become involved and get the brochure
that they will send you, just called Barbara
at the same number that Mr. Darlin gave out before,
579, 4206, and she will see that you get the information.
Hello WKAT.
Good afternoon.
Hi.
For you and your guests, perhaps you can both comment on this.
Why the Florida power light equates high usage of electricity
with the obvious penalties you're going to use,
and equates with waste or extravagance,
or for that matter, what I'm trying to say is the people
who use the most of the high income brackets,
is not possible just the matter of the amount of people
who live in a home, and it's a personal is alone,
and has a one-biddle bet with one-biddle unit,
but I'm having an income of $50,000.
So you're going to pay a small increase,
and if you have a family, we treat you
next to the house with a fortune, so on,
and a mediocre home, that means that you're a wealthy person,
because you use them more than years.
Does that make any sense to you?
Yeah, first of all, just so we don't blame FP&L for this.
You know, we're the ones that push for the light line,
and it was the Public Service Commission,
and finally implemented in FP&L,
I think was shocked to see it come into effect,
was rather surprised to mine out.
But we have done number studies relating, you know,
like income to usage,
and there isn't a direct relationship.
You're right there.
I'm a poor family, who let's say has an inefficient air conditioner
and has inefficient appliances,
and maybe as a home with no insulation,
or as other things, we'll probably use a lot more energy
than an equivalent size family,
which has energy efficient appliances.
It well insulated home, and everything else.
We agree with that, but we still feel that,
like in the community action project that we have going on right now,
where people can get their homes insulated
with the aid of the federal government,
that our job is to educate the poorer families,
get them to have energy conservation homes and equipment,
and assist them in doing this, educate them,
and then encourage them to reduce their demand.
And you'll see that in an escalating schedule, you know,
if you're using 4,000 kilowatts on your home,
that's a heck of a lot of kilowatts to use in your home.
Like the water user, if you're an average water user,
if you use 10,000 gallons, if you're a couple or three people,
maybe it's 4,000, but if you're using 100,000 gallons,
you're irrigating all your land.
And I don't want to pay for a production of water
for someone to irrigate his land.
That he irrigates his land with his own money,
and I'm just concerned about the necessity.
But I'm curious, though, what does the family do?
That happens to already be getting hit,
because of the amount of the members of the family itself,
because there are kids of home, perhaps the mother was in there,
and support this alone,
that all these showers have to be taken,
and all these meals have to be cooked,
as the forest is on and so on.
Why is it natural?
It's directly correlated to waitfulness or extravagance type of...
Okay, now if you're taking the assumption that,
let's say you have a family of four and they're down,
there's being as efficient as they can be,
and they can't get any more efficient,
and they're going to be hit by this year right.
When our proposal was submitted to the Public Service Commission,
we put into the formula,
into the package a number of rate reform concepts.
Another one was p-code pricing.
P-code pricing would have said to that same family you're talking about.
Listen, you can help conserve,
in addition to the lifeline concept,
if you can't get down to the lifeline level,
we can help you conserve by giving you, say,
a two-thirds off, power to be used during off-peak hours.
So that family can then have their hot water heater going off-peak hours.
They can have their dryer going off-peak hours.
They might even, though, housewife may even cook during off-peak hours
and just heat the food up during a peak load hours.
And therefore, they can take advantage of this cycle every day
that occurs in production and consequently in a cost of production.
So we've only got half the loaf and your perception is correct.
There's only half the loaf here.
The other half, as I mentioned earlier,
that's our next goal, as a peak load pricing estimate.
One more brief comment, please.
I realize the Florida Pond right to the Northern Silver Bunch
for funding and support in front of our security.
