The music expressed on the music.
Get your nose on it. Everybody else is crushed.
Oh my god.
That's the music on the script.
It's fast, avatars, great.
How you doing ladies?
5, 6, 7, W, Q, A, M, Miami.
Good boy, you're welcome.
I'm the one.
5, 6, E, W, Q, A, M, Presents.
The Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil, dial 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and date and broard.
In other counties, call toll free, 877785, Neil.
Or pound 560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his colleagues
do not represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors.
No.
The Neil Roger Show.
On 560 WQAM.
Neil, Gah.
Baseball fans everywhere.
I'm not here to say that I'm sorry.
I'll be honest with you.
Today I have plans to do steroids.
Now the next step is to address the media about what I took
and where it came from.
Alex, you talked about the performance enhancing drugs.
You discontinued the use wrong. Why?
I didn't stop.
I came going back to steroids.
I just ejected.
Before I walked here today, some people may refer to this as cheating.
How do you address parents now?
How to talk to their kids?
About the fact that you profited from this.
First thing I said, a parent just sit on it.
If I had a son, I would definitely recommend steroid abuse.
I thank you for being here.
Thank you.
Sit on this.
10 o'clock at 560 WQAM.
Happy Wednesday to you, boy.
This week is just zooming by.
So far.
No, it's not.
It's fine.
We got some interesting emails today.
Not great, but interesting.
Interesting.
Some real crap.
Here's one from the fake Tom Jicca.
I heard you read the email from jazz McCay yesterday.
I don't believe he was the first guest to host you ever had Philen for you with WIOD.
Wait, wait till you hear this.
Okay.
Beside the bird, didn't you have Alan Burke, Tony Sigmato, and Rick Sanchez Philen for you during various times?
The answer to all of the above is no.
Alan Burke didn't work on WIOD.
Tony Sigmato and Rick Sanchez, no chance.
No.
Was this Gary Bruce's idea?
No.
Wasn't anybody's idea because it didn't happen, fake Tommy.
Wouldn't you like to take some piano wire?
Yeah.
And put it around the neck to some of these fake, phony, lifeless, A-holes, who send crap,
I usually think fire, gasoline and fire.
No.
Yeah.
Piano wire.
I want to see them inflame.
Plements are sitting in the back seat.
Oh, yeah.
With the garret.
Yeah.
I forgot the garret.
Rooster Chuchu is back again.
Of course, how could anybody doubt the validity and the severity of similar to the name like Rooster Chuchu?
Subject, your response.
This is nearly as outstanding as the one the other day.
This is a pretty weak.
Well, he's at the bar pretty high.
He's at it.
It.
Your response to my email was predictable.
I know my voice and message might get drowned out by all the other people who rightly but ineffectively try to influence your show content.
By the way, on my own person, nobody's behind this email but myself.
I've never contacted you show before yesterday.
They ride.
I'll give you an example of how you've changed before you would talk about your homosexual celebrity crushes like Luis Miguel.
But it didn't pervade the show like it does now.
I mean, before there was just one man who you talk about.
Now the volume is just too much.
You talk about so many different men now.
It's really hard to deal with that all morning.
Well, how about afternoon?
How about if I just talk about men for noon to two as opposed to all morning?
Tell George to shut his mouth about my email.
Uh-huh.
I wrote Neil, didn't I?
Not midget George.
Bravo.
He's little short ass was a skater in a runner when he was in elementary school.
That's really impressive.
He has such an overinflated view of himself that makes me want to staple his mouth shut once and for all.
He's such a man's man.
How come his wife has had his balls in her pocket for 20 years?
Show up.
That ass.
Nobody cares about your life, George.
Show up.
That ass.
Rooster to chew.
How come your wife has had your balls in your pocket for 20 years?
Rooster wants to know.
Yeah.
And that's it.
That's all he's uh...
He leaves his life with fat shut in the way he put wet.
Pano wire.
Pano wire around the jaws of life and a macchina.
Rooster chewing it.
Oh my god.
What kind of a subhuman piece of turd comes up with a phony name like that?
Brailer dwelling, mommy living.
Yeah.
Here's the pull result for me.
I said it was an embarrassingly bad pull.
Not that today's is also great, but...
What do you most admire about Abe Lincoln?
And guess what won?
WTF, I told you.
Didn't I tell you?
Yep.
770 votes and WTF had 143.
Who cares about frickin' Abe Lincoln?
Great speech by Obama last night, by the way.
Great speech.
Not good, but great.
And I didn't watch Bobby Jindal because I'm not a masochist.
All these people have an opinion about Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal.
He's an idiot.
He's a simpleton.
Somebody forgot to tell Bobby that the right wing uh...
It's all over.
It's over.
Like this radio station, it's over, but we keep collecting paychecks.
So my check is going to show up today, I hope.
That's what I was told.
Hi, whom?
Jenny.
Oh, I thought you were having clearance to take care of it.
He was busy on the air.
Told you.
What do you mean he was on the air doing what?
I don't know what any of these people do.
Oh my god.
Now we got clearance on the air.
Oh, we are doomed.
DOOMED.
DOOMED to die.
WTF 143.
He freed the slaves, Abel and Cohen, 117.
He led the nation to the Civil War 89.
There's so many choices on here.
It's not bad enough that it's a bad poll, but a bad poll just loaded, overloaded with
a Zidian stupid-ass choices, Charlie B.
He saved the Union 84.
He was a great president, 81.
He succeeded despite limited schooling, 43.
He might have been gay.
Gay, 33.
Gay Abe.
He wore a spiffy stove top hat, 30.
His Gettysburg addressed, 27.
He liked to tell stories and crack dirty jokes, 22.
He was pro-labor, 20.
He was honest day of 18.
He was a master, debater, 12.
He gave his name to a fine car, 11.
He looks good on a shiny new penny, 8.
He came from a log cabinet.
He graces the $5 bill, 7.
He improved his looks with a beard, 6.
But a bag would have done a hell of a lot better job.
His memorial in DC6.
His height for it is name one.
His name.
I admire his name.
Abe Lincoln.
As opposed to Izzy Rabinowitz.
Izzy Rabinowitz.
Is he something that was good?
And we still don't know what off-till office means.
That really pisses me off.
It's a Goya Shavelt baby, all the Goya, all the time.
All those red necks you were talking about in Michigan.
Everybody's starving to death and Detroit,
and they were putting out stupid, right wing propaganda songs.
They just never stop.
Larry says, and this is disturbing,
because just like we've got a fake Facebook page,
we've also got a fake Twitter page, evidently.
OK.
Larry says, just wondering if the neo-Rodger show on Twitter
is real or just a fan profile.
It's just a fake.
While we don't agree politically,
I've loved your show since I first heard it in Tampa.
Take care, Tampa listener.
Larry, well, thanks, Larry.
It's fake.
It's airs out.
It's like most of the people in Tampa, fake, fake humans,
real subhumans, fake humans, fake.
And by the way, for the fake Alice Rantel
and also for a takeer park, whatever her name is,
a nobody in South Florida cares about the radio in Los Angeles.
We don't care about anything in LA.
The first of all, there's almost no LA people in South Florida,
number one, and number two, even if there were,
I mean, how many are there?
You know what I mean?
I'm not sure about the state of LA radio.
Not really.
Here's a long, the Oducinozole Chris,
with a whole song to dance, something about your boyfriend
at Woodbine.
OK, I'll read it.
I'm trying to see if there's anything redeeming about it.
Yeah, I did watch the speech last night.
It was assimilating and spectacular.
And I loved it.
And the Congress loved it too.
Even the Republicans couldn't resist
getting up and giving a lot of standing and sitting
ovation.
Even old John McCain.
And the only thing that disturbed me was after the speech,
the he, you know, Obama went through the whole thing
in the shirk hands and kissy kissy.
And then he got a big hug from Jew Lieberman.
Oh, I wanted to vomit all my food from yesterday.
Oh, Jew Lieberman.
The fake Tom jikers on here.
You are wrong.
I was listening with my own ears.
Did they ever exchange his fill in for you?
He was working across the hall at WSVN.
WSVN wasn't across the hall.
OK.
It wasn't in the same building.
It was in a separate building right next door,
but not across the hall.
You think Tom jikker would say WSVN was across the hall?
No.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
That's the South Florida motto.
I have no life.
And all over from coast to coast,
I have no life.
All the ships at sea.
I have no life.
The lifeless masses.
Oh, let me grab that one first.
Correct.
The fake Tom jikker.
You are wrong.
You know, I was listening, spelled wrong.
With my own ears that they were exchange his fill in for you.
He was working across the hall at WSVN.
Don't remember exactly when, but had to be around 1990.
I will contact Rick and CNN to see if he remembers.
Oh, yeah, I'm sure.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I'll contact Rick to see if he remembers.
I could have sworn Alan Burke and Tony Sigredo filled in as well.
Roger may be able to verify this.
Roger.
Roger Fagoland, is that who he's talking about?
I guess.
Alan Burke was not on WIOD.
He never would have filled in for me because we were competitors.
He didn't do my show ever, ever, ever, ever.
Maybe I ought to check with him too.
I know he's still dead, but we'll all get a sales going.
Yeah, let's get a sales going with Alan Burke.
That's Mr. Burke to you, dummy.
Like I said, he turned out to be a good guy, and he died.
That's unfortunate.
There's so many other people on the ear who have been on the ear over the years,
and there's still a life who should be dead.
Like the fake Tom Jicke, for example.
Dution Island Chris, as I'm sure you watched Obama's speech last night,
not Godfather on AMC for the 500th time, that's correct.
Did you see Senator John Boner?
I want to smack that goofy bitch across the smug blank, blanking mouth.
And there was Bobby Jindel's GOP response,
what a steaming pile of poo that was.
That dude actually thinks he's got a chance in 2012.
I realize that you're in love with one of his people,
your boyfriend at Woodbind, but please, there's like 400 Indians living in this country,
most of whom work in convenience stores, and are the most impatient and rude people ever.
Don't be picking on my boyfriend at Woodbind.
And then what's his name?
He's going to get all upset.
The rooster cogburn there.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, he's talking about his boyfriend again.
It's just too much all morning.
That's all he talks about is hot guys.
Man, little bit of that.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was the one that made up the thing about Jeffrey Donovan,
which I never heard of the show and never heard of the person before.
I was the one that made that up.
Good luck getting votes even though no one except your own people can stand
being in your presence for long and that takes to buy a pack of smokes in a beef jerky,
meaning Bobby Jindel.
I realize that's racist, but I don't care.
He's a Republican.
Thanks.
Even though this might be blocked after you told me to go away after my last email,
Dushnazel Chris.
Yeah, go away.
Bigoted Bastard.
We're not going to vote against Bobby Jindel because he's an Indian,
because he's an idiot.
He's the right-wing extremist.
A jackass has simple to it.
And he, you know, he's condemning all those bailouts to the states,
but he's taken 99% of the money.
That's interesting for Louisiana because it'd be political suicide to say,
oh, I'm not taking that money.
All of our people are starving, but I'm not taking that money.
Should we take a look at today's outstanding award-winning poll?
I think it was a brand-in job.
Hi.
No, that's the one for tomorrow's the bread.
The definitive chick car of all time is, I don't know who that is.
345 votes.
Volkswagen Cabriolay 96.
Mazda Miata 74.
That got my vote.
Even though Alex Bennett drove a Miata.
Oh, he was so torpy, man.
Miata.
Television.
Miata.
Television.
Remember those, oh, he was horrible.
Volkswagen Beetle 73, Pontiac Fero 26.
Mitsubishi Eclipse 18.
Volkswagen Jetta 15.
Toyota Prius 11.
Vodz Neon 10.
Honda Prelude 5.
Audi TT 4.
Can we say TT?
I don't think so.
Ford Escort 4.
Jeep Liberty 3.
Honda 200S 3.
Isuzu impulse to a Toyota MR2.
Solomon Tadeaus.
Oh, you.
Yes, I give you the real thing here now.
After years of drug abuse and controversial rehabilitation,
Beachboy Brian Wilson is ready to release a collection of his latest compositions.
Thanks for granting us this interview, Brian.
Brian, do you have any idea how retarded you sound?
It's not.
It's not.
Show you what I mean.
Here's how you sounded back in 62 from this early Beachboy recording session.
Hey, man.
Did you like it?
No.
You were too.
Hit you with my ears.
Man, good.
Wait.
Did you like it?
That's a very nice phrase.
It's real.
Do you like it?
The Brian Wilson collection of burned out composition.
Do you like it?
Oh, yeah.
Master copy of Animal Now on eBay.
Do you like it?
Well, I've got to be going.
Do you like it?
No.
1018 at 560, everybody.
QI am happy Wednesday to you.
Monashjana Halalahaze.
As they say in China.
All right.
Tiny month.
K.P. says, where is your ash add?
Oh, I forgot today's ash Wednesday.
Ah, let me go.
You had your ash on your forehead?
Let me go make some faster.
You I'll make some ashes and then I'll rub them on my head.
Yeah, but you will.
As Wednesday gets his name from the practice of placing ashes on the foreheads of the
faithful as a sign of repentance.
Yeah, my cabbie had ashes on his head because he went to Troich on Sunday.
I thought he was a raghead.
You're cabbie.
He's Lebanese, Catholic.
Look, he has the beads hanging from his rearview window, Mr.
The, the, the, the cross and the beads.
How the hell did that happen?
There's a lot of Catholics in lesbian on.
I'd know it.
Well, I'm just telling you, see you learn something every day from the old Fag.
The ashes used their gathered after the palm crosses from the previous years, palm Sunday
are burned.
Well, whoop, D.D.
It is in the liturgical practice of some surer churches.
The ashes are mixed with the oil of the catacumins.
What is that?
One of the sacred oils used to anoint those about to be baptized.
Though some churches use ordinary oil.
Catacumins.
Wow.
If we can say that, we'll call up to us and see if that bitch will allow us to say catacumins.
Catacumins?
Catacumins, yeah.
This paste is used by the priest who presides at the service to make the sign of the cross.
First upon his forehead, then upon each of those present who needle before him at the
altar rail.
And then of course, the altar boys, they get a little smear on the...
Brackum.
Yeah.
Oh.
As he does so, he recites the words, remember, old man, that you are dust and to dust, you
shall return.
Oy main says KP.
Oy main.
Oh, also we have got the real definition of this is the third different one for obzulah
us.
Great.
I think it might be correct.
Let me see if I can find it.
Here it is.
Larry says it means just my luck.
Yeah.
Joe Belly stick in there to be General Manager.
Obzulah is just my luck.
What a puss.
So anyways, ask Wednesday.
And we say happy ass Wednesday or unhappy or just a nooter.
Sorry.
What you could help you?
Sorry what?
I don't know.
Boy, you are.
I think that the rooster codburn is right.
Yeah.
I'm a lousy Catholic.
No, he said you were a lousy human being.
Is that what he said?
I said I don't care what he said.
I don't care what it said.
He must.
I'm starting to agree with you, which is dangerous.
Yeah.
With these emails, they're from just absolutely lifeless turdburn.
They're from the people that you banned from the show years ago.
Oh, they're from who knows who they're from.
I know that.
You know what you're right, meh?
What?
So where's this young guy?
Stockbroker guy.
Real jerk who shows up at Woodbine every afternoon.
I'll tell you, I don't know how his clients are making any money.
I think he's taking their money to Woodbine.
Let me take your money to Woodbine.
I'll double it for you.
Yeah.
But anyway, he intellectualizes the machines.
He sits in all, if he gave 200, it's going to get forward or pretty soon.
And I'm thinking of my, and I'm not just thinking.
I keep telling him, why do you say this crap?
You've been playing these for ages.
Don't you understand?
It's just a random luck.
Oh no, it's going to do this.
Listen to the pattern, there is no pattern.
And he just gets me very aggravated.
He's an idiot.
Stockbroker figures.
Speaking of really dumb, here's one from Mary.
Neal, did you hear any of the president's speech last night?
What did you?
What?
Mary, you need a spanking.
What are those things that they use to not like whips or belts, but the riding crop?
I don't like that.
A cricket bat?
A cricket bat would be really good.
Smack your ass till it bleeds, Mary.
Did you hear that?
I mean, why even, why even dignified with a response?
Because it would kill time.
No, that's why I read it.
Trying not to be chronic Jason is not, they're not to be confused with the other Jason.
We have so many Jason's, some of whom are very chronic.
But this one is not.
He says, I enjoyed Obama's speech last night.
The one thing I really like about him is he's not afraid to point at the previous regime's
mistakes.
Right.
Multiple times when Obama's given speeches, he had said things like, this mess wasn't
under my watch.
The same ones who were holding back the progress of new bills trying to be put through are
the same folks that got his end of this mess.
He also on multiple occasions has taken a SWAT and W's policies, a SWAT.
No other president my fading memory has done this with so much zest.
Thanks not to be chronic Jason.
Thank you.
Amen.
Yeah, watch the president's speech.
I loved it, Mary.
10.09 she writes it.
And now it's not one of the first things I said when I came on this morning, what a great
speech he gave last night.
Yes.
Well, maybe that email got delayed somehow.
Yeah, delay this.
Maybe she knows the archive.
Delay that whipping and beating and flogging.
Delay it.
Delay that piano wire around rooster codburn's neck.
Oh, I'm not anybody else.
Yeah, I'm not anybody else.
I'm rooster your schmender.
How about making up like a what could possibly be a real name, you know, like John Smith,
Mary Jones.
Jim and Boynton says, how about the Jaguar convertible for the pull for years and years.
It's the only production car that evoked the thought me.
What does that mean?
What's the model for that?
Aren't there more than one Jaguar convertible?
I don't know.
I'm not going to start putting every car that was ever made on there.
Oh, Jimmy Cifalus.
So here we go.
Jim, you're a shadow of your former self.
You're always very ugly, but you're sure you used to be great at WNW, WNZW, ZTA and
WYOD.
You're a dottering old man.
Now, in Georgia's a hangar on, signed Jim, Jimmy Cifalus.
Yeah, hang on to this, Jimmy.
Wouldn't be the first time for what I understand.
You fairy.
That's what Tony Cicareto whispered in my ear.
Oh, and there, and Biden's got the ashes on his forehead.
Are there paychecks still up because of the holy taxes are going to fall?
And how do you like that?
You've got some hootspa, man.
Joe Biden, he's a sitting there, the vice president, and he's got the ashes on his forehead.
Doesn't that offend you somewhat that your vice president is mixing religion with being
alive.
He's got to play that political game.
Oh, Jimmy up right.
Go get a towel and wipe off his forehead for the price.
It is there to say, but that's what it's all about.
Now, let's see who he's sitting there.
Is the president there?
I sure we wouldn't know if he had the ashes on.
No, he's sitting with some Jews there.
They don't have no ashes on there for him.
I don't know who these guys are.
Some of the cows eat more energy, they're efficient, and some of the real guns going
also, making sure that we actually begin to fund the red bed, red face paint removal
for him.
That was good.
And you know why he was stumbling in front of him there?
He's got ashes on his forehead.
Rick says, did you by chance happen to see ABC last night before or after the press president
spoke?
No, I did not.
What's up with Charlie Gibson?
Does he have Parkinson's?
His head was bobbing and shaking like Janet Reno on a bad day.
I don't remember hearing that he had Parkinson's, but he's got something going on there.
Did you or George happen to notice that?
George didn't watch it.
Nope.
He didn't watch any of the president's speech because George is a fascist.
Yep.
Maybe someone who watches ABC knows what that's all about.
Rick, you know, the things that you people are concerned about, like all these emails
I'm getting now about, oh, well, Sanchez did fill in.
Who cares?
So that's the bottom line.
So what if everybody who ever was born filled in on the New York Times show his host?
So and.
And.
And.
Well, here we go again.
You get a lot of things.
All right.
The new Rogers on sports hall made.
The WTA.
This is CNN.
Breaking news.
The last days of the Bush presidency reportedly included a riff with Vice President Dick
Cheney.
Cheney reportedly still holds a grudge.
Mr. Bush, Mr. Cheney, together again.
This is going to be back here again.
Good to see you guys.
Whatever.
What's the story about you two still having a problem?
I admitted that Dick Cheney's not the prettiest face.
Um, I have differences in opinion.
Hey, guys.
Dick Cheney's.
Man, sh**, you joke.
It was a me.
Dude, I saw you.
I, I, I, I'm broken.
Oh, he's going to be in the hospital, apparently, for a few days.
Hey, George, how many fingers am I holding up?
Well, I, and I, and I, uh, right, right.
He's okay.
CNN.
Breaking news.
Speaking of piano wire, they should have had some there for Jew Lieberman.
That would have made the night perfect last night.
So that smile.
In fact, when Obama made the, um, the line about, uh, you know, ending the war in Iraq and
all the money were peeing down the toilet on it.
And everybody gave one of their 5,000 standing ovation.
There was Jew Lieberman with that glib look on his face, the standing in it and
blood.
Oh my god.
You talk about a walking ad for anti-semitism.
Jesus, God Almighty.
And then, and like I said afterward, when he gave him a hug, the obligatory hug, and
isn't this the same Jew Lieberman that said he wasn't qualified to be president?
Yeah, I think I heard him say that.
Yeah.
And was, uh, just joined to the hip of a machine here campaigning for the other guy.
Not just campaigning.
They were joined at the hip every time you saw a candle was doing.
Rubbing his, sits us together.
Oh, Joe says subject Bobby McGee.
I see.
I was curious and did watch the little toy soldier Bobby Punjab give the Republican
response to last night's address.
If he and Milf Palin are the best in Eocons condition for 2012, Obama's got it in the
bag.
If you take a turn and put it in a new Armani suit, it still reeks.
Even Keith Overtments said, Oh, God is Bobby made his way to the camera.
Ha, ha, ha.
No, I think is what he really said was.
Oh my god.
Yeah, or maybe he said, by the way, look up, Bobby's real full name and tell me the
Republicans are hypocrites for making a big to do about Obama's.
Yeah, his name is Adam Schmendrick.
Adam Oshmak sent me his real name.
What is his real name?
His first name.
Who?
Uh, Piyush.
Why?
Well, I mean, if your name was Piyush, wouldn't you change it to?
Oh, yeah, there's something.
Uh, there's just something about Nancy Pelosi.
She closed me.
It wants to shove her face into an apple peeler.
Yeah.
She'd make a great Mrs. Howell and Gilligan's Island remake.
In fact, first, she says someone needs to put a seat belt on Nancy Pelosi's chair.
That's what I was thinking.
She was up and down like, um, like a lunatic, like a jacket a box.
At first, she says she was up and down so much last night.
Looks like she was doing aerobics.
It's nice that she likes the president, but can't she tone it down a bit?
In fact, you could see her prepping to stand up and do the standing evasion.
She would like adjust yourself in a chair and you knew she was going to like,
pop up again, you know, you always got that stupid drooling look on her face.
Oh, God.
Joe and Joe says this is good.
PS didn't send Geissin fill in for you on Tuesday, January 12, 86.
I just can't make it to the day without knowing for sure.
And boy, Joe, excellent.
Well said.
Didn't this one do this and didn't know what to do that?
And what if they did?
What if they did?
What's the upshot?
What's the point?
All these silly radio groupie types.
So you're right about that.
The radio groupies idiots, including Alan the fake Alice ran till nobody cares about.
Tom don't like us.
I read that thing the other day.
He's off the air.
They pulled a format grade.
He didn't belong on here in the first place.
He was an idiot.
CT says morning, guys, this one to come out on the speech last night.
I thought it was great.
He's definitely on the right path with the right message in my opinion.
Question, though, why did the Republicans answer every trouble facing us with tax cuts?
Then they turn right around and say Obama and the Democrats are borrowing from the future.
Give me a break.
Are the majority of Americans stupid enough to buy that?
I guess that's rhetorical.
And of course, obviously they're not because they voted for Obama overwhelming a glanslide,
landslide.
But either way, you must leverage future money to stimulate economic growth today.
I just thank Neil God that old man Mac was the one up there yesterday trying to inspire us
with his Colostomy bag leaking.
I wonder if Mac and Larry King swap Colostomy bags.
Maybe not the whole bag, just the...
Cube!
Anyways, I'd like to nominate the Sion TC for the poll as well.
What is that?
I don't know.
Oh, sorry.
I don't know what it is.
I've never heard of it.
I'll put it on there.
Every time I pull up next to one, I glance over hoping to see a busty 19-year-old with
lots of hairspray and very little inhibitions.
Thanks as always, CT.
Hoping to see.
Doesn't say that he does see a busty 19-year-old.
But nevertheless, I don't know what that is.
I'll be on what now?
See, I don't know.
I'll read it through it away.
All right.
I'm not going to put it on the floor.
I'm too old to be able to pick up that piece of crap.
Let's work for me.
Now Robert says, good morning, Jens.
Any chance of hearing Raging Bullwinkle this morning?
Love the show.
I have no idea what that is.
I know there's talked dirty to Bullwinkle.
You know, we have a bit called Raging Bullwinkle.
Maybe we did, and he has a better memory than we do, but I don't regret it.
Maybe that was the day that Saul Lipschitz filled it on the show.
God!
Moist.
He pooped.
Yeah.
A.B.
Heimed Hendrick.
Here's a guy who says, I would add mini Cooper to the chick car pole.
Well, you would, we won't.
I would.
As if.
There's a list of like 5,000 cars on it.
That should be enough.
Oh, Sid Rosenbergstein, Kranzowitz Schwartz, so is Hendrick, says, I believe when my grandmother
used the phrase, off to Lochis, it meant on purpose.
Well, there's the fourth or fifth definition.
This is great.
Off to Lochis.
See, this is the one thing about you, this is that we use a lot of words that we really
don't know for sure what they mean.
They just sound good.
They sound great.
They sound funny.
I like he's in the tooth.
Do you?
All the time.
Adam Oshmok says, his real name is Paiuch.
What does he have that stage name?
Is he that embarrassed by his family's heritage?
Well, obviously, yes.
The fact that he needs to lie about his identity really makes me question what he'd ever
do if he got into government.
He is in government.
He's in there from Louisiana.
Not only that, but he also speaks like a redneck.
If you think Bush spoke like a moron, he ain't heard nothing yet.
A redneck Indian guy, that's interesting.
Oh, yeah, I'm getting some money from my birthday, March versus Adam.
What should I spend it on?
I was thinking about some nice BC Bud.
Any suggestions?
How do you like that?
We got lawbreakers out there.
BC Bud, my ass.
Shaveful.
How do you do that?
Probably got the guys out there doing Roids too.
And the fake Adam Kirschner writes about the fake Tom Jekker.
This is beautiful.
Yeah.
This is the fake Tom Jekker was right about Rick Sances.
He did fill in on one day when you were on vacation at WIOD.
George doesn't remember this.
Not sure about the others.
No, I don't.
Who the F cares?
That's the answer to the question.
Who cares?
George doesn't remember it.
I don't remember it.
Probably Ricky Tickey don't remember it either.
And who cares?
Oh, it didn't he fill in one day and then Alan Burke
come over the Dean.
And if I had produced the show with Rick Sances there,
I would have remembered it.
Right.
But it didn't happen.
I remember.
I do remember the day that what's his name?
Brian Adams.
Who?
Brian what's his name?
Little Brian.
The little Queen.
Craig?
No, not Brian Craig.
Brian Craig never works for us.
I know, but you said little Queen.
So a different little Queen.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Andrews?
Brian Andrews.
What did I call him?
Adams.
Oh, we're running out of material folks.
Yeah, obviously.
I only remember Randy Rickensuds, Defo.
Show 100 filling in for you.
Fill 100 I don't know if he ever did actually fill in for you.
But Vee and the Mepho filled in on my show.
I'm still on the air.
Wow, what an accomplishment that is.
It's supposed to be a week and only last the two days.
Whoa.
What Mepho?
Yeah.
Really?
Yeah.
Why how embarrassing?
Well, you've got a memory for some real,
maybe you could hang out with it.
I remember those if I was there.
I see.
Now what was they're going to say?
Oh, Brian Andrews tossing it back to his colleague, Adam
Kirschner.
Remember that?
There was some news thing going on.
Now back to my colleague.
And he wished he was his colleague.
That's a fact.
Yeah.
He wished he had him on a leash like a colleague.
Back to my colleague in the studio.
Yeah.
What a joke.
So that was a food farm channel seven speaking of WSV.
And that was a food farm.
Oh, man.
What a secret.
Yeah.
I wonder how the paper boys do in these days.
So I'm on the YouTube to share.
Happy new year.
For the record, have you ever used
steroids, human growth, form owner,
any other performance enhancing substance?
No.
When I'm asked by the press, hey, Erad,
why are you a heating club like Barry Bond?
I just poorly respond that I was young and dumb.
I was young and stupid and dumb.
The rights for agents and a fabulous list can make a million there.
Out of a dumb ass kid, all you got to do is treat
if you're young and dumb.
Young and stupid.
I was young and dumb, but what's more important
is that I can't let Madonna find out I'm hung like a nut.
You know, I was young and dumb.
Young and dumb.
All you boys and girls who want to be playing one day
in the major leagues just lie a lot and cheat.
I was young.
I was stupid, stupid, stupid.
Periodic jerk.
It's 10.45, but most of yesterday's games are down the drain on the down, down 185.
So I guess it's a selling opportunity when you say, sure.
Oklahoma, Johnny, another of fake says, I'm glad to have heard you mention it was
asked Wednesday.
I went to mass this morning at 7 a.m.
I don't like dealing with the crowds of people who come to the night mass.
Don't understand why they fill the church four times a year
while the rest of us come every week.
What are you abstaining from this lint period?
Oh, this is when they had that lintel soup, isn't it?
Oh, that'd be 30 lint.
No.
No.
It's not?
No.
I thought lentil soup was like that soup was named after lint.
I don't know.
Maybe it is.
I don't know.
I don't think so.
It sucks, anyway.
It's made from lentils.
Remember, Yantle Green?
Yep.
I'm abstaining from television says Oklahoma, Johnny, fake.
I hope you consider abstaining from something that is sinful or it's a very least something for your emotional health or physical health.
No, I'm not.
I suggest you abstain from bedding.
And as a matter of fact, two o'clock I'll be out the door.
It's just a morage.
You derive false enjoyment from that activity.
It's not kosher either from what I've studied.
It is gambling kosher.
It depends on what kind of a machine it is.
It depends on if it's got a picture of Gary Sarner or Julie Burman on the side of the machine.
40 days and 40 nights is not that long.
It'll be a real test of yourself discipline.
Peace be with you in your show regards the fake Oklahoma, Johnny.
Peace be with you.
Peace of this.
Peace of that.
Peace of monkey pie.
Peace of bullcraft.
That's what all that ass wins these stuff is.
And that was your vice president sitting there with a bunch of asses.
Asses, asses, and she made on his forehead.
I'm sure all the cops want nuts.
What?
I'm sure all the Catholics were like giving him a standing ovation.
Were they really?
I don't know.
Brandon says Channel 7 is still a food forum.
Just heading up at the top of the list is Craig and Spilky's Nare.
How velkies is the lead anchor I'll never understand.
Well, how a lot of those people around here.
Oh, I see Dr. Henry Finkelstein.
I'm blocking you.
You're you're boring.
Boring.
You know who I'm talking about?
Dr. Professor Henry Henry, I think I think we'll see.
Boring.
Go away.
Here's one from Snooki with a poll suggestion.
Keep up the great show.
You and George make this happen.
Screw all the haters.
Yes, screw them.
Sign another Jorge.
The most comfortable type of underwear is boxers, boxers,
briefs, tidy whiteies, briefs, speedo, thong like.
I don't wear underwear and WTF.
Oh, that's okay.
I think we've taken an underwear poll before.
Haven't we, really?
But you might have.
See, there you go again.
It's not even noon and I'll be your start with that fact stuff.
Don't blame me, blame George.
Blame George, he tries to lead me down to Garham Path,
the Gaden Path.
Oving about those guys like, what's his name?
Adam Campbell.
Was that his name, Adam?
I'm not sure.
I'm not either.
Nobody knows what he is.
No, he's a brand new.
No, he's not brand new.
Alex Campbell, I'm sorry.
Alex.
We've got so many atoms with so many fake emails, you know.
Here's one from Ron who says, what a speech last night.
Did you watch an MSNBC?
Yeah, I did.
But after they finished schmoozing, I turned it off.
I did not see Obermann say, oh my god,
into an open mic is Bobby Jindall walked out looking like a vampire.
says here looking like a vampire.
What a hoot.
We can only hope the GOP runs a pale and Jindall ticket in 2012.
And I'll rub ticket for an old rubination.
Have a good day to you and George says Ron.
Well, thanks a lot Ron.
Thanks Ron.
So how do you spell that Yiddish thing that you're saying?
I'm going to do my own research.
Off to what's it?
I don't know how you're spilling.
Give me a start.
Give me something.
Guess.
OF.
AF.
AUF.
Give me some more two words.
AUF what?
That's one word, right?
The second word, just a second.
What I'm saying.
TDX.
Oh, I already tossed it.
I schmick him.
What do you think it's going to be?
Just a minute.
Google's fine about correcting your spelling.
Can't find it one minute.
One moment.
All right.
We've got four hours.
Don't worry.
Take your time.
I am.
I'm digging through the waste basket.
Off to Loch instead of the...
I don't know what the hell I did with that one.
No.
Can't find it.
I'm off to Ojas.
I'll figure it out.
Don't worry about it.
How do you spell it?
I just got to keep me updates.
Oh, here's one from Ed.
I remember the day that the Malalukov lady filled in for you.
Yeah, I remember that one.
I think T. Crawford was the engineer for that show.
Not.
Jimmy Cifala says, oh, this is good.
Subject.
Retire.
Oh, you wish little Jimmy.
Hey, Jimmy.
You're fairy.
You're memory is so bad.
Even I remember Ricky Sanchez and W.I.O.D.
It's time to hang it up and return.
Not so gracefully.
You made a career out of badmouthing my friends.
I don't forgive you for it.
And Bishop did nothing to deserve your attacks over the years.
He was a class act.
She was not a class act.
She was a hateful, sour, fat bull-dike bitch, a class act, a humorless bull-dike bitch.
A bitch act.
Yeah, she was an ass clown.
I have one thing to say to her and Sandy Peyton and her dead body, Opsulokas.
We don't know for sure what it means, but here's one that says, I'm going to preface this
by saying I'm a Democrat.
I voted for a bomb.
I wish he just exiled every Republican to a remote, cheap hurting island in the North Atlantic,
which would then be summarily bombed off the face of the earth.
That being said, I need to ask you this.
Is there anyone out there who holds an opposing viewpoint of your own who isn't an idiot?
An idiot, if someone doesn't know what day of the week it is, does know what the capital
of the U.S. or America is.
Couldn't find Italy on a map if he told him it's a country looks like a boot.
George W. Bush is an idiot.
George W. Bush couldn't spell cat if he spotted him to see in the tee.
Bobby Gindall is not an idiot.
He's a Rhodes scholar who performed well enough at Brown University to garner acceptance
into Harvard Medical School and Year Law School.
Bobby Gindall is a very smart man.
He also happens to be inherently evil and corrupt.
He's Hitler with a dot on his forehead.
Yes, he does have extreme far-right fundamentalist political and religious views, which is unfortunate,
and I disagree with him vehemently on his views, but holding those views does make him
an idiot.
Yes, it does.
See, book learning, and he can have all the degrees in the world.
There's all kinds of smarts.
It doesn't make him stupid.
It just makes him a dangerous man and just who happens to be really, really smart.
Yeah, like Frato, smart.
That's what I would say.
Bobby Gindall is smart like Frato.
I agree with you.
You don't have to be religious to be crazy, but you have to be crazy to be religious,
but crazy and stupid don't go necessarily hand in hand, says whoever this is.
They hang out together a lot.
Who's that?
Crazy and stupid.
Oh, yeah, I wouldn't, they're probably lunching it today.
It wouldn't surprise me.
Now take her park, and that's a lady.
Yes.
You know who that is?
Do you get stuff from her?
I do.
I think she's kind to like take her crap.
It says, good morning, Neil and George, you may have received an empty email from me.
Yes, I did.
I'm sorry about that.
I've just spent 30 minutes laboring over an email to both of you, both expressing how
frustrating I'm about the quality of Los Angeles radio when I clicked send that for
a bison hotmail crap down and 30 minutes about how frustrated she is over the quality.
Why do we care about the quality of LA radio?
Do we care about it?
Absolutely not.
Does our audience care about it?
No.
Basically, Los Angeles radio sucks.
Well, you could have left Los Angeles out of that take her.
Radio stations are switching formats like it's a swingers party.
And the last decent radio host don't have criminal convictions ever been kicked to
the curb.
I received an email survey today from the only classic rock station in LA requesting
my opinion on things like streaming archive podcast, meal deals, etc.
All things you both talked about these past couple of months.
I was able to put down the Neil Rogers show WQM for two questions that pertained to where
did I learn and discover and listen to new music.
Both of you playing the discussed a lot of music I've never heard before.
I played new music.
New to her?
Oh.
Have a great day.
Keep up the good work.
All at the best.
You get you down.
PS jolly jojack asses a douchebox.
She must know it.
Uh huh.
Phenomeness to despise him to revile.
Oh, fat off to Lochis.
I'm not having a lot of luck.
I'll take a one a UF.
TSU LA C H A S.
That's as close as I can come to spelling it.
TSU LA C H A S a U F.
Yeah, separate word to Lochis.
And what the hell difference does it make what it means when you come right down to it?
I mean, I just mentioned it.
I'll never get a rest.
I would have had like 85 different definitions all of which are probably wrong.
Just like the thing about oh, when did Henry Barrow fill in for you on your vacation in IOD?
When did the guy with the eyes fill in a week on vacation?
You know, all of a sudden the crap.
This all comes back to the same IOD Groupies.
Whoever is behind all this fake, this and fake that.
Like I said, get out the freakin' piano wire.
Oh, Neal!
You're nothing to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again, honey.
This is the Neau Rogers show.
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, your brand.
Any questions?
And now here's another exciting offer from Video Treasure Chest.
Just in time for Bernie Cabell's birthday.
The loveboat was about life on a romantic cruise ship.
But the pilot episode featured a ship that wasn't nearly as nice as this lost classic shows.
I am Julia Kruehn, Director of Okma Boy.
Shut up! I hope you're not gonna make a story of me stupid.
I'm stupid. Wow, we're charades, I hate that.
Shut up! What is that, boy?
Screw you, I can need that stupid job.
Is there a problem?
Get them stupid. Who's the ball game?
Bronsom on bad, brother.
I hate you, I hate all of you.
Hey, look me.
I love this ship.
Yeah, well, I love you.
Shut up! Shut up!
The original pilot for the love boat, the LOAD boat can be yours for just 1995 in local video stores.
Video treasure chest. We've got rooms of this crap.
It's 11 o'clock at 5.60 W.A.M. and let's take over that pool, what do you say?
Do it or not.
We got the 431 vote.
The definitive chick car of all time is VW Cabriolet 119.
Mazda Miata, 93.
Got to say it like Alex Fett.
Miata.
Real Wimpy and Winnie.
Miata.
Actually, I wasn't a bad little car as I recall.
Was it?
They looked nice.
I bet that's what I mean.
VW Beetle 91 Pontiac Fioro 29.
How about a solstice?
Mm-hmm.
Mitsubishi Eclipse 22, VW Jetta 19.
Dodge Neon 12.
Toyota Prius 12.
Audi TT 7.
TT.
Honda Prelude 6.
Jeep Liberty 5.
Ford Escort 4.
Honda 200S 4.
2000S.
Whatever the hell it is.
Toyota MR2 4.
Super Outback 2 and Zuzu Impulse 2.
Out of 431 vote.
From the Yiddish dictionary, no link included.
Oft Zulakis in spite in order to spite.
That's what we got yesterday.
Today in order to spite.
Sounds right.
Jolly Jovelle.
I bet he says that all the time.
Oft Zulakis.
Because that's his motto.
Everything he does is for spite.
No, I don't like that fat hank here.
I don't like that fat knee.
I don't like this one.
And so he just, you know, goes through life, ruining your other people's lives.
That's his goal and doing a hell of a good job of it, too, by the way.
Oh, thanks in advance for the overnight for overnighting.
Tell your little bald friend that I don't send stuff on orders.
You just did.
I just did what?
Told him.
Thanks for overnighting my check.
You'll get it when you get it.
Okay, when I'm going to ready to send it, then you'll get it.
I'm dying.
I'm starving.
Well, go get the dumpster.
You're okay.
Go behind public.
I bet you this.
I'm really good crap in the dumpster.
Don't forget to join the jury or maybe George will buy a bunch of groceries.
That's a good idea.
You ought to take chicken egg tomorrow to a public and do shopping.
Okay.
Buy five, six hundred bucks worth of groceries.
Fill up his frigid air and his cupboards.
Pay his mortgage payment.
Join George this Friday, 10 to 2 at Gulf Stream Park in Casino and Halendale.
Come buy for great horse racing.
Play a little bit of poker.
Maybe hit the spots for big money.
We got our pick-up pony deal going on Friday too, like we do every week.
How long does that thing go by the way?
I don't know.
Oh, plus enjoy some great food and drinks while Neil and George get ready for the fountain
of youth steaks this Saturday at Gulf Stream Park.
Can't wait to see if I can redeem myself this Friday.
After that horse doctor, Uga Bougal last week didn't run a step.
Didn't run a lick.
I don't want to.
Hit him again.
Come on.
I don't want to.
He didn't run at all.
Rupert Chuchu is back again.
Subjects.
Slim but athletic build.
Sounds really gay to me.
Slim but athletic build.
Ha ha ha.
It says hilarious reaction by Georgie boy.
The truth hurts.
Doesn't it punk?
So I'm a fat slob.
Yeah, you are.
Well, as a matter of fact, I'm six one hundred eighty five pounds.
Slim but athletic build.
That shut in is what you are.
I'd run.
10 miles away.
While you're playing hopscots with your daughter.
That's the sake of our problem.
I'll go along with the fact that she is yours, Georgie.
I'm a married professional.
Also have a couple of regular ladies as well.
Not to mention the one I'd stand on you.
Oh, yeah.
I'm living the life you wish you had.
Oh, yeah.
Georgie, I don't have to ask permission to go out.
Uh huh.
Neil, honestly, Georgie is a repellent for your show.
How does it edition by subtraction sound to you?
I'll tell you how all your emails sound like real kaka.
John's ETR.
This is his new creation.
Sure.
Rooster Cogburn.
Oh my God.
As the rooster crows.
He's got a slim athletic build and he gets laid.
Who cares?
Oh, yeah.
Who cares?
He gets laid in his own mind.
Oh, here's one from Kim, who already sent me this once before, but was so, uh, so,
uh, dismayed that I didn't read the first time.
I shamed Candid and why I'm reading it now.
I have no idea.
Yo, Neil, I was the guy who told you about your so-called friend Tom Jicke.
Misspelled when I heard him on the Sid Rosencrantz.
Should go back to F.A. New York, uh, ju-show.
Nice friend.
He hasn't called you since.
He hasn't, as a matter of fact, two days ago, he sent me a nice email to real Tom Jicke
and said, you're full of crap.
Well, if it's any constellation, Moa Howard was on Sid's show yesterday.
And although Sid asked him about his time at five, 60, Moa didn't say anything negative
or positive about you.
At least you still have Moa as a friend.
Take care in your show.
It's still great.
Says Kim.
Oh, God.
A real Yinta.
A makeup Yinta.
Bap, bap.
It's one thing to be a Yinta and report stuff that really happens.
It's another thing to be a make-believe Yinta.
Just make crap up.
I should admit to Sterber.
Or as somebody I know used to say, I bet he's probably dead by now.
I'll find it.
Take your time.
Oh, here it is.
He's an Ojón provocateur.
Right.
Trouble making peace of turd with no life.
You're a so-called friend Tom Jicke and you ought to see the way they spell, you know.
Oh, this, I didn't get to this one yet.
I can't believe that.
Two pages from Bart and Raymond, really.
I told you about this one.
Bert and Ernie.
Neil, this is a very long email.
More than your everyday email, but please read.
I try to recount the events as best I could.
Simpleton.
Going back to the guy who said not everybody who disagrees is an idiot.
This isn't about disagreeing.
This is just about being stupid.
Stupid is as stupid does.
I have written you before asking if you could talk about your private life on the
ear.
The reason being that me and my friend at work don't think you are a gay man, that you
were in fact as straight as an arrow.
When you and your friend at work are full of crap and you're going to get your own life
by the way.
Here's how it all started.
I'll try to be as detailed as I can.
I listen to your show along with my friend Raymond during breaks at work.
I bet he's doing other stuff with his friend Raymond during breaks at work.
No question.
Anyway, we were talking about you in the lunchroom when another co-worker overheard your name.
He said, are you guys talking about Neil Rogers from the radio?
We nodded yes.
And then he quickly followed with something that made our jaws drop in shock.
Oh, you know, he's not really gay, right?
He said, we asked what do you mean?
Just when you heard he replied, Neil Rogers, the radio guy is not gay.
It's all a stick.
Think about it.
When did Neil come out of the closet?
In the 70s we replied, that's right.
He said in the 70s in the beginning of his career, we need something big to put him on
the map.
Oh my God.
Talk about stupid is a stupid does.
In 1976 when Anita Bryant was staring the Fag Witch Hunts in Dave County when all
that crap was on a ballot.
That was a really smart time to put yourself on the map as being an out of the closet
Fag.
You idiot.
You moron.
Me and my friends sat there but couldn't believe it because for the 15 years we've
listened to your show, we never would have thought of something like that.
But we listened intently to what this guy was saying because it sounded like there could
be some truth of the whole deal.
Well, guess what?
There's not.
Think about this also.
Where does Neil live now in Canada?
In Canada where he has privacy, nobody recognizes him.
After years of hiding the fact that he was indeed a straight man and hiding his long time
girlfriend, he decided to move away where nobody would know.
It's a Toronto where there's more fags than you can shake a stick at.
What?
Your stick at.
Oh.
Hockey stick.
At that point, me and my friend were speechless because in one fell swoop, this man
was shattering the image we had of you near Rogers.
But how can someone keep something so well hidden?
It's impossible.
I told him here we spotted Neil's in the media has power of some kind and probably had
the story suppressed.
The stories of my being hetero, right?
This was amazing.
Then me and my friend decided to take a picture of you and show it to our co-workers
and ask them if they thought you were a straighter gay man.
Most people agree that while you looked creepy, you were all man.
Oh, this is just, this is one of the all-time best or worst depending on your perspective.
I don't know if this is true or not, but it makes sense since you keep your private life hidden well.
If this is true, me and my friend applaud you.
You've managed to pull a prank of Andy Kaufman like proportions.
Neil, please once and for all, clear this one up.
If this is true, please don't read on the ear.
We don't want you to get in trouble with your or your people.
You or your people.
Me and my friend joke that by the time you read this email, you'll have sent for someone to have us killed.
Ha, ha, ha.
Anyway, please tell us what is the truth.
It's had taken us weeks to sum up the cohorts to send us into you two fans who think you rock Barton Raymond.
Well, guess what? I'm all gay.
99 and 910.
Yeah, 100%.
Yeah, 400%.
Yeah, fag.
Okay.
But you continue because you guys have no lives.
I have no lives.
You continue fantasizing about mine.
I said that back at the time, the first of stuff about why don't you talk more about your private life?
Because it's none of your effing business.
How do you like that?
Right.
None of your stinking business.
Chris says Uncle Neil, I don't get to listen to the show a lot.
Unfortunately, I have a life, but I do check the articles you've posted whenever I can.
I'm surprised you haven't posted anything about Tom Amiano.
Oh, yeah.
Remember I read the story yesterday and his proposal legalized in taxpayer wine in California.
Yes.
Not only did I post this story, I read it on the show yesterday.
Is there any chance that the economic implosion is forcing people to have some common sense?
Anyway, I love the show.
Hope you keep going till the day you die in a year.
This is Chris.
I'm surprised you haven't posted anything about Tom Amiano.
Get with it.
Will you?
Chris, read it on the year yesterday and post it on our website the night before.
For yesterday's reading and breeding.
Oh, God.
It's just...
I have no life.
...traget.
Traget doesn't come close to it.
I thought the calls were bad, but these emails.
They make you want to give up on life.
Did you catch my drift?
Oh, yeah.
You didn't even show it yet.
What day is today?
Wednesday?
Oh, tomorrow we got the anneal deal.
Right.
In fact, I'm going to talk about it right now.
Nice segue.
And then Friday we got the pickup pony thing.
And, uh, Gulfstream.
And Gulfstream.
Georgia, be a Gulfstream on Friday.
Go see him, bring him a bag of money.
Right.
Go bring him a nice $50 ticket to win on every horse in some race.
That's a good idea.
Then you'll cash.
Of course, with the Eurolach, it'll probably be some like one to nine shot.
You know.
Oh, well, it's all good.
Eurogist got new from the makers of TickTacks.
In association with antibiotics anytime enterprises.
It's the new A-ron TickTacks.
A-ron TickTacks.
You're all burning beds with the facts.
Hey, Dad.
I've been taking the new A-ron TickTacks.
I can't wait to little exhaust.
We got those from our cousin in the Dominican Republic.
Don't tell the other kids.
Oh, okay.
So it's a big secret, then?
Yeah, it's a big secret.
So give me a new Xbox 360 there.
What?
Do it while it's held.
Don't make me angry.
He will want me.
I'll be right back.
Hey, Eurogist, you okay?
What are you saying, girl?
Hey, Rod, TickTacks.
You're all burning beds with the facts.
Hey, Rod, TickTacks.
Available now from a guy in the locker room of your local gym.
But don't tell anybody.
You don't do any work.
Yeah.
Oh, that sounded like the...
Thank you, you've worked hard.
Like a little frugno, didn't it?
Actually, I never watched that, you know.
It was awful.
You didn't miss anything.
Was it really?
I believe that.
And what was his name?
My favorite Martian was in it.
Wasn't it?
He did Bill Bixby?
Yes.
Was he?
Yes.
And what was his...
Was he the guy before he got like all bulked up?
That's him.
Wow.
So how do I know that?
I guess I must have watched it once.
And that was enough for me.
That's one of the comics, or...
More than heard about it.
Like listening to some of those sports shows.
Like listening to Drusenstein crants.
I'm going to tell you something.
There needs to be a major investigation
with all these people where their salary is being cut.
And what people get blown out like the great Ken Walden.
There needs to be an investigation and find out what the story is on the payroll
of these idiots who are destroying our ratings and killing our audience
are still getting paid.
You found what I'm saying?
Yeah.
This would be an infomity.
This would be scandalous to find out that the Alex Marvezes
and Drusenstein's of the world are getting paid
while everybody else is getting a pay cut.
That would be totally, absolutely,
positively unacceptable.
In fact, I think if you find that out...
You and all the other people taking that 5% pay cut,
I think you all ought to walk out.
Or phones ringing, I'll be right back.
Take your time.
I'll play Hulk music.
Music
Dr. David Banner, decision scientist,
searching for a way to tap into the hidden strengths that all humans have.
Ben and Axe and Metal Overdose of Gamma Radiation.
The Asmettus, if he's trying to drum up business,
you do for Clingin' March.
Well, March of what year?
Go-go-way, bitch.
God!
We're going to be getting more and more of this.
This business gets worse and worse.
You're going to be getting more telemarketing crap.
The phone's going to be ringing off the hook.
I would just take the phone off.
Off the hook and just throw it out the window.
Smash it.
Bash it.
Oh, hello.
I never, never, never.
That's my rich friend, Rick's office.
I'm busy.
I'm busy.
I'm busy.
God.
Now, what the hell were you just playing?
The intro of the Hulk, the Accredible Hulk.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I heard it was a horrible show.
It was a horrible show.
You picking on Lou Farrignore again?
Not him personally.
Was it his fault?
Okay, now let's see what this says.
Oh, this is the second time they said this.
And it just is illiterate and misspelled as it was the first time.
I just bought a soltus and heading to woodbine misspelled.
Both words misspelled.
Hey, yeah, hey, hey, moron, imbecil.
Just bought a soltus and heading to wood.
B-Y-N-E, woodbine.
I see.
Jose says, didn't hear what Ruth Christie were talking about,
but the one of the Gables is great.
While the one 160 thirds of me went downhill in the last 18 months
it was in business.
I'm assuming it's on a business no more based on what Jose said.
I wasn't talking about either one of those because I never ate it either one of those.
I was talking about the 104 Lauderdale,
which the last two trips there had extremely unsatisfying experiences.
On a totally different tack, I can't tell how proud I am of our president.
So nice to have a set of sentences drawn together without a hint of hesitation
that we got forever with that dry drunk.
Please see the attachment included that shows what the GOP is looking for
cause that Jindelga would make Cheney look like a saint
since he's a fundamentalist version of a tale of the Hun.
Please check the attachment and I did not and will not.
Sorry Jose, thanks.
Please check the attachment.
What part of I don't open attachments and don't do links?
What part of that don't they understand?
I guess none of it.
I mean, haven't I said that very emphatically and very clearly and very...
maybe not enough.
Owloud?
Owloud?
Oh, sorry.
Owloud!
Bill Dreck, what was his name?
Bill Tuck, he was a tech-dreck.
That was just such a mishmash of crap.
Whammy, oh that was quite an experience.
Thanks a lot Marvin, you idiot.
There's now there's idiot.
Whammy, got it, fucks.
That's one of George's buddies, by the way.
Right.
Is he?
We hang out every day.
Do you have one last time you've seen Marvin Rawman?
I don't know the number of years.
Maybe he's not that son of a b-foward, aren't they like Cheney together with the hip?
You know, they kind of like Julie Brimman and John McKayden.
They had that association but I don't think they're friends anymore.
Really?
After that incident.
After that engine thing?
Yeah.
A engine business.
I wonder if that engine business anything you would Bobby Jindall?
I'm John Killa.
Different.
I wonder.
Here's Mary Ossos.
I was sitting last night watching Obama addressing Congress.
He was sitting.
I'm glad he weren't standing.
Although he did get a lot of standing ovation, especially from that simple and nancy Pelosi.
Oh.
And the thing with him.
She and your vice president Joe Biden were sitting behind Obama since he didn't watch any of it.
Yeah.
And she was like ready to jump up out of the chair every time he said like two words.
And on the other hand, everybody was standing and Biden all of a sudden like I don't know what he was reading.
Maybe the maybe he was reading the racing from a Dover Downs, the racing program.
I don't know what he was reading.
But then all of a sudden like his and after that he would jump up and start applauding.
And like he wasn't paying any attention at all.
Maybe he was getting ready to put those asses on his forehead.
Now as you go around.
I'm going to check that today.
Check what?
Oh, I guarantee you my cab guy is going to have his asses on today.
If he ended on on Monday or Tuesday, yes.
He had the old ass on the forehead.
Really?
Yeah.
Tell me about how he went to church on Sunday.
Now how long do you keep that on there?
Do you keep it on to the whole 40 days and 40 nights?
All through length?
I don't know.
I think just the day until you take your next shower.
Just for a day, you'll want a second opinion from a Catholic.
Mary Osses, I was sitting last night watching Obama addressing Congress.
Couldn't help myself to think out loud.
Wow, how do you like that?
Wow, a presidential figure on TV, a well-educated man who can obviously read and write,
who is capable of putting more than two sentences together,
who can actually make sense when he speaks with a real message to the nation.
It sounds like he gives an F about this beautiful country in its citizens.
Sorry if I'm sounding a little bit excited about Obama.
It's just that it's been eight painful and barricingly years watching a clown with a southern accent.
Pretend to be a president and trying beyond his capabilities to speak English
and deliver messages that until this day, we're trying to decipher such as,
fool me one shame on me, fool me twice, shame on, can't get fooled again.
Love the show, keep up the great work, Mary Osses.
Well, thanks, Mary Osses. You can sit down now.
He was sitting on here.
Here's a picture of Obama with a, I don't know if it's supposed to be a wig,
but like black hair, you know?
Oh, no, like a pro?
No, not a pro, not a pro, the opposite.
Like Bobby Jindall here.
Oh, anyway, it's amazing, but it's not the radio, you know?
Oh, put it on your site and you'll put it on here.
Put this. Don't let me forget one of these days we're going to redo that website
and like stream it all out.
All right.
Sounds like a little bit too much like work to me though.
Then maybe we'll get those 80 billion hits on there like they do across the street.
You know that they're all screaming about.
Oh, we got four trillion hits on their website on the George Sedano.
Yeah.
You, you, you only wish.
Like I said, told you before and I'll keep telling you time and time again.
You can't talk yourself into having an audience.
Either you got one or you don't.
What if you do a lot like talk a lot and really loud?
Yeah, that helps.
Especially if you do it out loud.
Oh, brother.
I'm trying to think back to those.
No, no, I don't understand since we they take the show.
In the studio down on the second floor there, Q.A.M.
How did we interact with him?
How did we ever meet him?
Did we ever meet him?
Yeah, he came in once or twice.
Did he really?
I think he did.
With that fat farting Joe guy.
Well, he was the camera crew build.
Tech had nothing to do with.
I know that particular crew, but he was a fat farting guy.
But I think he came in and said hi like, you know,
a few other people on that channel did.
Did really say hi?
Sure.
And nothing.
Gourmet's tell nice guy, big fat ears, whatever.
The show is all built up.
Build a tech?
Yeah, I think I've seen that show once.
Right?
And the one thing about that show, you could hear the audio.
One like my show.
Right.
I say show very loosely.
All right, for the largest one, the one.
And that was good.
Thanks for getting me involved in that, by the way.
Oh, you're welcome.
Although it was free money.
We weren't paying very much, but whatever was it was free money.
So I'll put that in the envelope when I overnighted to a chicken neck.
Good.
Neil Rogers.
Hey, how you doing?
This is Sean Dolonis, former editor of the prestigious New York Post.
I'd like to personally apologize about the car
at the one that the two cops gunned down the monkey.
We here at the New York Post in no way encourage the assassination of your president.
Yeah, I mean the president.
All of us here at the New York Post, we ain't got nothing against college.
Your college are all right by us.
I mean, we tolerate less watching it or weren't born pristine and white.
Or here in the office, we provide college with their very own bedroom and water fountain.
And a none at the moment might act as taken matters into his old hands
by replacing me with the new editor, Le Javias World Junior.
And just recently hired for the entertainment section, Johnny Wilkes Booth.
So no offense, how you doing?
We're doing this 1131 and I'm still not over nighting anything to anybody.
I prefer the regular snail mail.
Works like a charm every time.
You know what I mean?
No, it's played a tip.
And doesn't cost 30 bucks to send out during these difficult, these trying times and days we've had.
That's right.
How's the doubt doing by the way, Fatso?
Let me take a look.
Forget about CNN because they put it way down.
You can't even read it with a, oh, the doubt is down 131.
Well, not as bad as it was.
Not good, but it's not as bad as it was.
We're not giving it back all the yesterdays games.
And that is down to about 24 points.
Any interest?
No.
Not if you're smart.
Not if you're smart.
A fool in his money or soon farted, man.
Trust me when I tell you.
The hardware realities of our situation right now.
I think you did a good job.
I think that in order to get the stimulus package passed,
he had to give the doubt warning and the consequences of not acting.
Well, there's that boring Harry Reid standing there looking like he just farted real bad and he's pretty embarrassed about it.
And you know what he probably didn't.
He probably is.
Max says, wait till you hear this.
Hi.
See, this is what I don't understand about people in general.
Speaking of Nancy and Obama's speech, every time she got up and sat down, her breasts kept jiggling.
She must have at least a deep cup.
I know George noticed you probably not hope I didn't ruin your lunch.
Baboom, da boom says Max.
Well, first of all, George didn't watch it.
Right.
But the most important thing is why would anybody care about Nancy Pelosi's breasts?
Right?
And I have toured it many, many, many, many times.
And it's true with heterosexual people and homo-sexual people.
But the size queen, right?
Body parts.
Body parts.
It doesn't make any difference what they're attached to.
It's like the John Holmes syndrome, you know?
Right.
He was carrying around like a fire hose.
But look what it was attached to.
Faa.
And so like anybody that's looking at Nancy Pelosi's jiggling breasts really needs a serious help.
Serious.
I have no life.
Max, you can have my portion.
Baboom, baboom, yeah.
God, she is a beast.
Not our beast, but she's nasty.
She's grotesque.
Well, let's see.
Here it is.
Neal, glad that you're back.
Didn't get to listen to most of the day's show, but briefly heard something about how I sent George negative emails.
Oh, this is John's ETR.
Didn't get to this yesterday.
What?
Oh, nothing else for you.
Ha, ha, ha.
Sounded to me like you were in pain.
We better get those emails cranked up because now I'm getting back in the yesterday's leftovers.
That means they're sure as hell laying the lot left in this file.
Neal at nealrodges.com.
Let's crank them up a little bit.
Okay, let's get something going here.
Off to Lasas.
I heard something about how I sent George negative emails.
Yeah, that's not what I'm saying.
Please tell George that fake our email.
Listen, I'm going to read it just the way he wrote it.
Please tell George that fake our emails are fake.
Okay, figure out what that means.
I don't know what that means.
I'll look it up on you.
They're intended to get a rise out of someone to be funny or kill time.
Please tell George that because he takes the emails way too seriously.
Oh, yeah.
Keeps me up at night.
I have nothing against George.
In fact, I was a big fan but that they when he blasted me, I was distraught.
I got home and ripped off all my George posters off the wall.
George is fantasy that I'm some fat pasty guy who sits around his wrong.
I listen mostly at work and the emails despite what George thinks take like two minutes to send.
And I'm not Josh Friedman or any radio person.
Says John ZTR.
Who now is obviously morphed into rooster cogburn or whatever the hell he's doing now.
Who started out attacking me and the showing though it ain't what he used to be about.
And now all of a sudden is attacking you.
John ZTR.
He's boring by any name.
Exactly.
Terminal.
Pondress.
Not as pondress though is it did.
Did Winston Churchill fill in for you at IOD one day and all like that.
God.
What is this one glad you're back.
I like George but he is not you.
What do they feel compelled to keep saying that?
Well, that says it all right there.
Yeah, well, we know that.
Everybody else feel it wouldn't be.
Well, it's not you.
Well, that's why I'm getting paid the big bucks.
Anyway, I was flying out of John Wayne, California airport yesterday morning back to Florida.
While waiting to board a very loud siren suddenly went off and TSA thugs in Orange County Police came running into the terminal screaming.
Stop walking.
Stop walking.
Most of us were caught off guard and kept walking when the SS closed in forcing people to stop.
Everyone was terrified, which I'm sure was their intention.
Suddenly they turned and walked away without an explanation.
So why we were terrorized.
Get me out of here.
Now it is that.
Well, I mean, what was that?
I don't know.
He said a bunch of crap.
Was it illuminating?
No.
Was it interesting?
No.
Did we find out what that was all about?
No.
No.
Is it interesting at all to anybody?
No.
But he certainly had the time to sit down and send a pile of crap.
KC says, oh, this is good.
Real shot at you.
Yeah, I doubt it.
I don't know if you were kidding, but if you think that 46% of the listeners who indicated that they don't listen to any Georgia shows are liars as you stated you were living in a fantasy world.
That's me.
I live in a dream world, baby.
I'm not going to say George sucks, even if that's what I think.
But only that he is no Neorodra.
See, there we go again.
I listen to your show for you.
Well, guess what?
I'm not working 52 weeks a year, seven days a week, every 24 hours a day, just to make you happy.
KC or anybody else.
It is what it is and the press is right.
If you like it, fine.
If not, bye-bye.
Very simple, not complicated.
If and when George takes over, I will not listen.
I listen to music on those days.
Apparently about half your listeners feel the same.
Why would think anyone who enjoys listening to you must also enjoy listening to him?
He cannot replace you.
And when did I say anyone who enjoys me would advise verse of the same thing?
George has got people who enjoy him because he's under the age of a hundred and who hate me like poison.
And that's just the way it is.
But like I said, these are professional deenters.
Oh, this one said this and that one said that.
And bye-bye-bye, Frankie Pantangel.
Yeah, sure.
God, get a freaking life already.
I have no life.
God.
I'll tell you one thing, though, you steer them up.
Yeah, with a spoon.
Yeah, as Joe Rose would say, you steer it up.
What does he say that?
I'm stirring it up.
I tell you.
I don't know.
Maybe it's a jock talk.
Is it jock talk or is it like, you know, I kind of talk.
No, I don't.
You answered that.
What?
Jock talk.
No, I don't.
You didn't take a class?
No, I did not.
Oh, by the way, Paco went to see the Raptor game last night with some of Buddy of his.
I don't know with whom or what, but he said he enjoyed and they won.
The Raptors.
Oh, Lawrence, you know, Lawrence already sent me one long ponderous thing about the speech last night.
And now he sent it and they know, Obama isn't really black.
It's stick and George is really a Bible.
He's born again, non-Hispanic man and he'll be a really woman.
Well, that's for Lawrence.
Lawrence, just listen to the show and enjoy it.
Okay, stop feeling compelled to send me crap.
He always seemed like a bright guy, like a human being.
And now he's just degenerated to another guy to just fills up a couple of sentences on a page, you know?
And I realize I'm big and for emails here because we're down to like a precious, very, very precious small pile here.
I may have to play poker face for two hours.
Poverty?
Poverty.
Lady Gaga, you better get with it.
Not only weren't you watching Nancy Pelosi and her jiggling breast last night.
Maybe you could explain that to me, that whole phenomenon.
You know, you nailed it.
Body parts, so to speak.
There are men who are only into the size of that gigantic breast and other men who are in pieces.
Right.
Like just some body body.
I think I'd had sent me the thing yesterday about the Indian guys with the other condoms.
It was an interesting story.
They don't measure up.
But what do I care about that?
I don't know.
I don't.
I don't.
In addition to which you might ever going to see that guy's goods is junk.
No.
So what events is it make?
I don't know.
I can dream.
Can't I?
Who did that?
They require sisters?
No.
Some sisters.
The Andrew sisters.
Boy, you got to be really, really old.
Remember the Brian Andrew sisters.
Oh, no.
Still got.
Remember.
Remember when we played met mouth.
Yeah.
Dems with a salad toss in days.
Like the time you root my face, Joe.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to the premiere.
A more famous show.
Poor delightful.
I was open to payment and information to help you get through your busy day-to-day.
Actually, you know, yeah, I'm just going to talk about sports here.
Here's the scores.
Seven or two, seven or three.
How about the dolphins?
Blah, blah, blah.
Hey, what do you have to walk through here in the middle of my show?
I was looked at for the NFL Concubine.
What are you thinking walking through my show?
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I like this and the background.
What the f*** is it with you?
That kind of language is going to get you right.
Do you know who I am?
I'm bold, David-edited, and that's f*** the straitings.
See?
Haven't someone walked through the middle of my show?
Give me a f*** an answer.
I don't understand.
What don't you understand, David-edited?
I just don't know why we need another sports show.
I mean, what else can you say that there's only so much to talk about, you know?
Oh, and buy the way something.
I hit that last piece of pizza pie in the back room there.
Oh, good for you.
Thank you.
It was tasty, too.
Yeah.
Was my name on the f*** box?
Yes, and right there, most pizza.
Get out of my studio, Bub.
All right, let's get this show back on track.
Can I just take a second here?
I'll give you a second.
I'll give you two seconds, and you better use them to get the hell out of here.
I don't understand why they're like that.
You don't understand what it's like working with professional broadcasters.
Is that it?
Well, they're calling yourself a broadcaster, but you're not really a broad.
Everyone's about to get it.
Enjoy it.
Thanks for ruining my show.
I enjoyed it.
Why don't you turn it a little bit?
And I still don't like you.
Oh, yeah?
Then why you're spooning me?
Yes, spoonness.
1146, 14-doll-new, and a QM.
Did I give the schedule?
I don't think so.
Now that it's all that big of a deal, it's pretty much the regular to do it twice.
They go two to four, mad dog four to seven, in-house.
What is it?
Oh, Dolphin tonight, seven away, then Hurricane Hotline 8 to 9.
Oh, wow.
And then the D.A. show 9 to 9 to midnight.
As he tries to follow Dolphin tonight and Hurricane Hotline, wow, just keep in mind.
You bet.
Paul Castronova, the fake one, of course, says,
Georgia is fine off the air.
He is a bore on the air.
Have you know him?
Who?
Paul Castronova.
Not him once.
Years ago, at an appearance of yours.
Really?
Yeah.
I would D.D.
I believe so, yeah.
Maybe that was the week that Meg Greenfield on, I'm I show.
People that are record stores, something.
Not the doubt.
He's a bore on the air.
He shows us for young punks who don't listen to AM radio.
He would fill in on Power 96, regards Paul.
Subject, George Sucks.
How do you like that?
How do I call?
I have no but taking a shot.
I don't like that.
I don't like that.
That's what the emails have degenerated into now.
Is that George isn't Neil and George Sucks or or whatever.
My head's so old.
There's some variation on that thing.
Steve came cronies over there.
YAH YAH YAH.
See you keep hallucinating and imagining that you know who's sending these.
There's a Zidian people out there in the vacant city.
Right.
And I know that the people on the phone, you know what?
I have found a new avenue and they're going to eight.
They're going crazy and great for them.
Yeah.
Well, it looks to me like we're going to have to be taking calls noon to two.
Great.
Whatever.
Great.
Do it.
Well, they're sure it's not new emails coming in.
Double-dog Daria.
Wow.
Double-dog Daria, what?
Take some calls.
Either that or spin some wax.
Sure.
Read some stories.
Read some stories.
You think I'm going back to that?
Although I do have one.
And you know what it's about?
I don't know. That's peach.
No, it's about Jackson's star in Nigeria Resort Row.
Now, remember you were talking about how suds brought that up or somebody asked about it?
That slave land.
Slave thing.
I got the story.
Excellent.
From BBC News No Less.
So it might actually be accurate.
It might be an accurate.
Oh, it's a bit of that.
How's the poll doing?
497 votes.
That's pretty impressive.
Not like George Sedano with his 45 million votes that they get on every poll they take over there.
Oh, my God.
There are things just gets blown right out.
When it outflow it out.
Yeah, they're thing.
The definitive chick car of all time is Volkswagen Cabriolet 140.
A lot of VWs on here.
VW Beetle 111.
If it was good enough for what's his name?
Ted Bundy.
Ted Bundy, yeah.
That's how we got caught with that damn Beetle.
Mazda Miyada 103.
The Miyada Pontiac Fioro 30.
Boy, it is a big just those top three and then after that it's nothing.
VW Jetta 25 Mitsubishi Eclipse 23.
Toyota Prius 13 Dodge Neon 12.
And after that it's small potatoes.
Nothing.
So just those top three.
The Cabriolet, the Beetle and the Mazda Miyada.
Nobody voted for the solstice.
That's good.
Are you cracking your knuckles again?
I heard your ed.
I heard it with my own ear.
There's one thing that's really annoying and that's ear wax.
And you know what I never think to buy?
Qtips.
Qtips.
I will wear it.
In Vancouver last weekend in a hotel, boy I'll say that's a beautiful hotel.
They had in the bathroom they had among other things, Qtips.
Really?
And I just did a beautiful job.
It's fine.
It's not good to do with your finger with your little finger.
Oh, you're supposed to Qtip like every day I do that.
You Qtip every day.
Every day.
I think you've got to finish.
Oh yeah, sure.
Who on earth right now?
I'm Qtips every day.
That's like people who floss every day.
Now we're all supposed to do that.
And every time I get my teeth cleaned they give me like a little thing of dental floss.
Not very much.
When I get out of the shower, I mean you like water in your ear?
I mean for no other reason.
I don't have water in my ear.
Well after I take a shower I took a Qtip in there every day.
Yeah.
So I don't have any.
You're wack.
Probably after you take a dump you stick one in your...
Wreck them.
Just to make sure.
What a great idea.
Did they make them any bigger than those little ones?
How about an A-tip?
We got the Qtip for the ear.
Yeah.
What about that means Qtip?
You never stop thinking about that?
Some quippy.
I'm sure there's a story behind it, but I don't know what it is.
Maybe Queer.
Maybe.
Hey you Queer.
Queer tip.
Yeah, Queer tip.
There you go.
See George uses queer tips.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
They're obsessed with you.
I mean if we didn't have a bunch of emails about you we wouldn't have anything.
Apparently not.
I mean we'd have like maybe 1% of what we get.
If they weren't for the 99% about George.
Gilbert's hate me for hanging up on them.
Gilbert's the thing.
I got Gilbert involved.
It's the King crew.
It's the Gilbert.
He gets everybody.
It might as well be just one person.
Oh my God.
I mean if gay Ted is a chiming in now let's see what gay Ted says.
When would you come to your senses and admit that nobody likes George's show?
Oh gay Ted, a new character.
Okay, let me print it out.
I'm sure you'll enjoy hearing it.
Yeah.
In its entirety.
If it'll ever print this.
Outlook express.
It's not what you were crack it up to me.
I never.
Never what?
It's the worst female client.
I try to get you to use a different one.
You couldn't figure out how to configure it.
No you couldn't get me to do it right.
Yeah.
You couldn't give the right direction.
Oh that's right.
Blame me.
I'm a decrepit old fart.
And I don't know how to do the internet.
I was doing it along with you.
And you weren't following instructions.
You're full of crap.
Didn't work.
Sandy Frazier.
PR.com.
Obama's beautiful rhetoric.
It's a column by somebody.
I don't want that.
I don't want somebody's columns.
What's wrong with you people?
I mean the effort that it takes.
They could be they could be using the q-tip.
Clean out their ears.
Oh my god says Walt.
PT cruiser would seem to belong on there.
Actually that would seem to be for middle age females.
They don't necessarily qualify as chicks.
PT cruiser.
What is that?
To get suggestion is what it is.
Is it?
Yeah.
Well put it on there then.
We already got 501 votes but get it on.
All right here's the latest rip job on poor George.
Ted says.
Hello Neil.
When would you come to your senses admit that nobody likes Georgia's show?
Oh gay Ted.
You say you don't listen to what say.
So can you say if it's good or not good?
It's fine because it fills the time when I'm not here.
And we do just fine in the numbers and the summertime we do great.
So that's all I care about.
Please tell me who wants to listen to stories about George going roller skating,
taking sign language classes or smoking pot.
Nobody cares.
And nobody cares about the music George likes or what movies he thinks are good.
The second I tune into your show and hear that George is on instead of you,
I immediately change the channel.
I refuse to listen to George would prefer to hear the best of Neil Roger.
Oh this is from Joe Bell.
Would prefer to hear the best of Neil Roger's show instead.
He likes the tapes.
I would prefer to hear the best of Moe show as opposed to George.
There is no best of Moe.
Why are you in such denial about Georgia's show being awful?
It's time to wake up and make a change.
Fire George now says gay Ted.
Fire him now.
No.
How do you like that?
That's something I'm just wondering is all this stalker obsession is.
I can't remember ever being as bored.
You did that.
That's just that.
That is the river hockey shows.
The why?
The river hockey.
No, it's not in the same category with the river hockey shows.
There was nothing you read about that.
And you allowed me to do them.
It's a miracle.
I was like being here.
Thank God I don't hear from that with any more of that rumor.
Time for a hockey show, a hockey show.
This is a guy between his stock advice and his show advice.
Practically putting me out of business.
Financially and whatever else.
And never apologize for it.
Apologize.
He kept talking.
He kept talking to hockey.
What are we going to do in another hockey show?
What are we going to do in the hockey show?
How about tomorrow?
When the North Pole freezes back over.
Oh, yes.
Where are it needed 12 to 1 hour on WQA?
I say that any job is worth to win.
So I'll take when I can get.
Pop up the floor and make it worth the rest of the look.
And those newspaper ads.
Too bad I ain't seen nothing yet.
Baby, I ain't seen no job yet.
That's one, that's one layoff I won't forget.
Baby, I ain't seen no job yet.
There ain't no job to row.
12-1 at 560 WQ.
I'm happy Wednesday unless you're unemployed,
unless you're S-O-L, unless you got known.
And if you're off to Laxas.
Good luck to you.
We wish you all a luck in the world.
In the meantime, why do you sit around on your ass,
send us an email and tell us how George sucks.
You know, something creative like that.
Right?
Why not?
Marsha says,
Hi, Uncle Neil.
I'm worried you're going to trash me,
which is why I never contacted you.
I'm a dark, conflicted 30-year-old,
uh,
rural, that's a needle fan,
probably brown-usual, but I love it.
Anyway, my boyfriend turned me on to you about three years ago,
and ever since I've been hooked.
Of course, your political views have had a lot to do with that.
And I must say, your religious views have opened my eyes a little.
You know us dark folks are very lured friendly,
especially when everything else fails.
When all else fails, turn to the Lord.
Well said, Marsha.
Or thought Marsha.
It's in Maisha.
Oh, Maisha.
Oh, Maisha.
Oh.
And at the end, she tells me how to pronounce it.
Maisha.
Kind of a name is that.
Dole does.
I still have faith,
but I think my intelligence is doing as best to take care of that too.
Anyway, I was so proud last night I cried on many occasions.
Also, I love to fake emails.
Unlike George,
I love when you engage with them.
It's so funny to me, especially Jimmy Cifalus.
And here comes the good part.
And now the morning is over.
It's afternoon so I can be as fat as I want.
Especially when pressed those two idiots.
Oh, I think it's all a big act.
Yeah, right.
Keep it in the time zone now.
No, no, the guy said,
you talk about, it's too much to handle all morning.
Oh, don't you remember?
That's right.
Forgot.
Rooster Cogburn.
Neal, what do you think about Cristiano Ronaldo?
He's my ultimate hot, hot, hot, amen, sweetheart.
Maisha's got good taste.
George, you're cute too.
Oh, like I said, you did have.
Love your picture on the website.
Love you, Maisha.
When I think of Cristiano Ronaldo, I always think of George.
That's right.
Like two peas in a pot.
He is a beautiful man.
Cristiano, I'm not sure.
He is gorgeous.
He is to die for.
He is to squeeze and please.
Right around the knees.
Anyway,
chronic Jason says, don't they get it?
Don't they get it?
Don't they get what?
Oh, I see.
Neal, does Joe Bell have joys for brains?
Yes.
As a matter of fact,
Dan LaBassard is killing you guys in the afternoon with his fun and non-sports intensive show.
Yeah, and what does Joe put on here?
A special two-hour show on Miami Huracun's basketball.
Talk about narrow casting.
Also, I sent George the info, but maybe you're interested in,
know there's a huge bluegrass festival this week in Hollywood.
No, I'm not.
You care about it?
No.
Hollywood's where the nude beaches, boobs, boobs and bluegrass.
Yahoo!
Hope to see you there, Jason.
No chance in anybody's pants.
Bluegrass festival.
And all over nude beach.
Oh my god.
You talk about gruesome people.
I've been there.
Uh oh.
And what do you think?
Gross.
Gross guys standing around naked with binoculars looking at other gross people standing around with binoculars.
Looking back at you.
But nevertheless,
Jason doesn't have the rich for life that we thought he did.
Maybe he can get some tips from gay tech.
Maybe he does well there.
I was speaking of tips cotton swabs.
Yeah.
See this is a damn educational show.
I mean, well, you think on the Jimmy Cifulla show you're going to find out about cotton swabs?
What about them?
British cotton buds consist of a small one of cotton wrapped around either one or both ends of a small rod.
Usually made of either wood, rolled paper or plastic.
They are commonly used in a variety of applications, including first aid, cosmetics application for cleaning and arts and crafts.
Arts and crafts?
Yeah.
Why would you use cute tips for arts and crafts?
Have you ever done arts and crafts?
I don't even know what that is.
Like making little things like paintings, make the touchies, yeah.
And touchies, things like that.
Use them to apply glue, substitute paintbrush, to wipe stuff off, access glue, things like that.
A million in one use, isn't it?
Wait until you hear this.
The cotton swabs was invented by Leo Gerson Stang.
Gerson Stang, in the 1920s, was invented by the product after attaching wads of cotton to toothpicks.
His product, which he named...
Cute tip.
Baby gays.
What?
Baby gays.
Okay.
When I became the most widely sold brand name, cute tip.
The term cute tip is often used as a brand name for any cotton swab, a brand nomer.
Right.
Oh, there is a Bobby Gindall.
He's weird.
You're worried about losing your cotton.
Hey, wait a minute.
And your home's.
Why? Don't stop now.
Are they getting into a Y, it's called the cute tip?
Yeah, I'll get to it.
Oh, man.
We got a long way to go.
Are you relaxed?
No.
The patients.
God, they just have Bobby Gindall on there.
He looks like Bella Legosi with a...
with a bad case of something.
The word cute tip means quality tip, with tip referring to the cotton tips at the end of the stick.
Quality tip.
The cute originally referred to quilted.
A quilted tip.
So if you put some cotton on your tip, you can have a quilted tip or maybe a quality tip.
They're sometimes referred to by the British engines in South Africans as ear buds,
and also are known as ear diggers, cotton wool buds, or ear sticks.
Oh, ear diggers.
See?
Leave it to me to open up.
Oh, there's a Joe Biden again with the schmutz on his forehead.
Hey, somebody go tell him to wash off his forehead.
He's got schmutz on it.
As when's they my ass?
What is wrong with people?
See, this is the one thing about religions.
They can tell people to do any kind of crap and they'll do it.
Anything.
What a great scam.
Drink the cool aid.
You know, put the ashes on your forehead.
Wrap the scissors around your arm so that you cut off the circulation and you nearly die.
Give us money before you can have sex.
That's right.
Give us money before you do anything.
Before you spend it on something worthwhile.
Give us all your money, honey.
Quality tip and quilted tip.
Ear buds.
I feel like.
Ear buds.
So much more lightened now.
British engines.
I better talk to my Indian friend about the ear buds.
Can I look in your ear bud?
Not rear buds, earbuds.
We're kicking ass on that pole.
I don't know why.
They likes it.
525 votes.
We're going to do over 600 votes today on a new pole.
That is really awesome.
Almost as good as a high emish mendrick over there.
What's his name?
Stu Gotts.
Oh.
Neil, do you want to do a story on this?
Speak like Barack Obama now you can do it.
No, I don't want to do a story on that.
I don't want to do a story on anything.
Send me something.
Oh, don't tell me.
Harry.
Harry about George and your absence.
Okay.
Now maybe this is a positive.
Maybe?
Yeah.
This is a positive.
Some strokes for George.
Let me, uh, let me get ready.
Some props for the old, uh, goofball.
But this, this outlook is precious.
Stinks because you click on print.
And it just takes its time.
It's there we go.
There we go.
And then finally little box comes down.
Selection print.
And there we go.
But it just, it's got the things.
Oh, here you go.
Paul Castron over your mama.
You still play your mama.
I remember this from the W and Z days.
Paul.
Thanks for listening.
Paul, you might learn something that I doubted.
Your mama.
Your mama.
Yeah, he used to play that.
But what is it?
Uh, it's not in mind anymore.
It might be.
Oh, we don't have it anymore.
Your mama.
Yeah, that's right.
I said, your mama.
Remember that probably probably something filthy.
No, that's all it says.
Total Carl says, I'm sure most chronics like me would agree.
George is great with you on the year and is a board off.
The truth be told, you're in a league by yourself.
Nobody can fill your doughnut cushion.
Oh, your doughnut cushion.
Oh, you're.
Oh, you're.
Remember now?
Oh, yeah.
Where'd you find that?
In the computer.
I obviously reported it and saved it before it got erased out of the DCS.
Remember that accident we had, that DCS accident that I had?
Your mama.
Your mama.
I remember you.
I played this.
Here's the fake Mark Hocken from across the street.
See the one thing we can never lose George because otherwise then I won't have any more emails.
Let's see what the fake Mark Hocken, Hocken, where in Michigan, China from across the street says about George that I was pulled and his numbers as if.
Are you concerned about that?
Am I?
Oh, they get so many votes.
I was in their poll.
There'll be need of my notes.
Not just the same people voting over and over again, including them.
Harry says just to let you know, contrary to the George haters in your absence, George is a fantastic job.
His conversation is fresh and interesting.
Last week he did a great job.
Very entertaining on a variety of subjects.
Lots of labs and much better audience participation since he cuts off the chronicles before he gets started.
That's the same guy that said what we yesterday about these.
Much better audience participation.
Uh-oh.
You got a text message.
No, it's a Viagra.
It sounds like.
They made this maybe why they hate him so much in their emails since he won't let them get the airtime that they're dying to have.
Unfortunately, they found a way to get around that by you reading their boring George bashing emails.
Why don't you stop reading their George bashing emails?
See what type of thing I'm up with next.
Maybe they will commit suicide since Harry and the S.I.B.
No.
They'll go back to the same.
This is the same Harry there was.
And don't worry about it Harry.
It's a show. It's a radio show.
You get paid the same.
It tells a lot of good time for us.
So you actually were sucking in by that Viagra email I just got her that that's what it is.
Maybe it was soft.
See Alice or super.
I had it.
It was from Betty Johnson and as soon as I read about her Johnson.
I don't know if he had one but that was the end for me.
Delete delete.
Okay, here's the fake Mark Hockman from over at the cross the street.
Neil, welcome back.
I heard you want to know about synonymous pull for yesterday.
No, I did not.
I've attached the poll with the count on synonymous pull for yesterday.
Rating's day is coming soon.
You'll surely be the subject conversation here that day.
I'm off on Friday.
I stay in the end of the beach so I may head down to Gulfstream on Friday.
Yeah, maybe he'll come and see it.
You've been doing a great job with your picks.
I may follow your lead.
I'm giving you the inside total.
Don't believe the numbers listed on the website.
There is no total.
Sedano pull of the day.
What's the most painful movie scene?
The sledgehammer scene in misery.
Frank's and bean scene and something about Mary.
The only two listed here.
And the sledgehammer scene one.
And that's it.
I don't see any numbers.
I don't see any poll numbers there.
Mark fake mark.
Ain't it embarrassing?
It would.
Oh, you're getting a lot of stuff.
Great.
Thank God for George.
It's all I can say.
Otherwise I'd be sitting here taking a bunch of stupid ass calls.
And that's not going to happen anytime soon.
I don't see any numbers on here.
Mark fake mark mark.
Mark Ark out.
Birdie or whatever.
Didn't we discover that other people don't display the numbers?
They just do percentages or something.
Right.
Is that not the case over there as well?
I don't know.
I don't care.
Really.
When you come right down to it.
I don't care about George Sedano.
I don't care about Sedano.
Supermarket.
I don't care about if they had 80 trillion votes on the pool.
And by the way that pool is the most painful movie scene.
How about what's the most painful radio show?
Mark.
Howard David's a bitch.
I am your give inch.
You may have wondered what kind of sausage is floating in the pink juice jar at the mini mark.
Well, they're a byproduct of transgender reassignment surgery.
Quite tasty.
And good for you.
Uh, ever say nuts hanging on the back of a truck.
What you don't know is truck lusts are also a byproduct of transgender reassignment surgery.
Just show you what to do this.
Yes, Mommy.
Yeah, I want to look more like they're woman.
Okay.
Both still.
You're here.
Whoa.
What do you want to do with these?
Uh, just hanging on the back of a truck or something.
Adore your pickup truck with dangling manhood by dangling someone else's.
Available in brass, chrome, and blue anodized.
Make your truck use less gas by showing your ass with peanuts.
Oh, yeah, good old truck nuts.
That's something I hadn't.
I'm not sure which is more impressive.
Who tips or truck nuts?
Oh, there's no question.
No content.
I hear some of them that I have no idea what this is all about.
Oy Shmoi Jew chronic.
Neil speaking of the old days on FM radio.
And I went, when were we speaking of the old days on FM radio?
I don't remember.
I don't need a little bit of long time ago.
Your friend Ricky used to work for me and Miami.
I don't even know who Ricky is.
I have no idea who that is.
Do you know what he's talking about?
I only know one Ricky.
They kid with the hats and issues there.
Your my space friend.
Is that not a Ricky?
Jacob?
No.
Oh, Ricky.
Oh, that's Ricky.
Kim to Gulfstream.
No, no, I'm just going to reach it over here.
I don't know anybody else in Ricky.
No.
By the way, he vanished.
Like everybody else in my space.
That's okay.
Finally was chasing you.
I was chasing his girlfriend, Mighty Low.
Remember her?
Remember him?
No, I do not.
Wow.
Never had a life it says, and then it says,
Oh, boy.
And this is like in, this could be like in Sanskrit.
Sure.
I have no idea what the light means.
Your friend Ricky.
I don't know Ricky.
I didn't know no Godfather.
Stupid.
Stupid idiotic crap.
Sure.
544 votes on that poll though.
Nothing new though.
I just checked on your outlook express on mine.
Endures.
Nothing new though.
I guess Rooster Cogburn's out of material.
Oh, no, he's not.
All this gain is the A. Year right.
That must be the Reverend.
And his boyfriend.
They started before it was popular.
Here's one from a D. Bar.
It says, Hi guys.
People are obsessed with George.
The rare times I write in, I know I ask most of my questions about George.
But then the more I know about him, he talks about his wife, his kids,
juggling, rollerblading, pot smoking, religious views.
He just gives you so much to comment on.
I don't believe for a woman and all those people really want George gone.
If either of you sucked so much, they just wouldn't listen.
And here's a question for George.
How does he manage to bong it in Florida?
I thought they really bust you hard down there if they catch you talking.
Also does he let his kids smoke?
Oh my God.
Oh, here's the answer.
I just pretend to smoke weed like Neil pretends to be gay.
It's just for the radio.
Uh huh.
I knew it.
This is all a made up persona.
I'm actually not in Florida.
And this Harry Ebener, he sent the email twice.
Maybe Harry and Sonny Ausbeach wants to elope with you.
Do you think it's possible?
Maybe.
Oh, I just got another retest message.
I'm sleeping.
That's only after a new challenge if he can do text while sleeping.
Hey, I got news for him and some people got a pretty good.
Yeah.
Yeah, some people got a pretty good life.
Well, he's, you know, spent a lot of energy watching a Raptor's Game last night.
You couldn't pay me $100 a minute.
I wouldn't go to an NBA or any basketball game.
I used to broadcast college basketball and high school basketball back in the day
when I was a Jones and a sportscaster.
I'm sure glad I didn't pursue that.
Everybody in their brother knows the sportscaster.
There's all, although I will say this, there are plenty of job opportunities
since we've now got 400 sports stations.
Where is they?
Since today is the 25th of February.
Where is the straight dope?
Where is the poop on the big changes coming on 940 on March 1?
And all these other changes that are allegedly happening.
S. Quinn says last Friday, me and my son, me and my son.
Hey, I mean, I don't want to be a nitpicker and I realized I'm not some kind of intellectual
or even pseudo intellectual, but Jesus God.
Me and my son went to the new A-Rod Park at UM.
We sat last year behind home.
New press boxes right behind us and I.
Oh, the new press box is right behind us.
I say, I'm sorry because that would be a new one on me.
Us and I is right behind us.
I could hear Joe S before the game started.
No, it's Joe Z, not Joe S.
Then I saw this thing in a UM tent waddle in and crush it chair next to Joe.
Is this the beast?
Wow.
Yeah, that's him.
Maybe you can tell me why Joe turns it over to the beast for the middle innings.
So we can use this brown bag dinner at a little table in front of the press box.
Why does Joe do the baseball games?
They need their own voice.
Anyway, please verify what I saw.
Yeah, that was the beast.
So the beast actually does play by play?
I don't know.
Oh, you've got to be schmittin' me.
Ron says, Georgia's fine.
I listen some time.
The only reason I don't listen all the time is I'm not interested in some of the subjects, some of his subjects.
But he sure is better on the radio than the jocks that are on your stations as Ron.
And his ratings are better than the jocks on the station too.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
Hear, delve, and loud lightning.
Hear, sound light.
And this man should be mine
So stop the fear and the light
This man should be mine
See what you know for me
See what you know for me
See what you know for me
So let your life be mine
See what you know for me
See what you know for me
Oh, me!
You're the single
Sure can't hear you because it's dropping out
Now it's back
I can hear you fine
It didn't drop out at all
No
But you did
Sorry about that
Got five green lights now but I'm just warning you right now
Alright
Somebody's patching around with something
One of the red lights was on on the little thing
You know the little box I'm talking about?
Yes
That's a five green lights
Or do Hickey
You probably wondered why like interjecting there in the middle of the spark as it dropped out
Right now, five green lights
Let's proceed
Oh, not
Neil God
Oh
WQA
George might have to finish this show
What the fact is
You heard
Hello and welcome to Movie Line
If you do not have a touch-tone phone
Go out and buy one
If you speak Mandarin Chinese
Press Game Guy
We have all the austronominated movie
Enter the first three letters of the movie
Or John Pan
Oh boy
T2
Tickets for the curious case of Benjamin's love button
23
Sprown in
Kung Fu Boyfriend
If you are confused, press 7
3, 2, 5, 9, pound, pound, pound, pound, 4, 2, 2
You have just purchased four thousand tickets for Oscar Meyer in hot dog millionaire
Look is thirty-third
At five a.m. showing in
Des Moines, Iowa
Thank you for calling Movie Line
You're welcome
Power telemarketing Toronto based net overseas
Here's a facts spam
Okay
Oh
I thought maybe you were saying something like really important? No not me
Well you'll be pleased to know my check did show up and it's in the bank
And I had a really good double double day at the woodman yesterday
I'm sure you're going to get someone else twice
I thought you were going to say a double-dose, a double dutch
I did that this morning
Excellent
Double-dose, just this morning
I do this and reduce, I do this and rejoice and rejoice
Because it's ass-wends there
Is it supposed to rejoice on ass-wends day?
Oh, let us pray, blah blah blah, oh my god
It's just, oh, now, Mark Ahak
The fake producer of the
Daniel Leviturg show across the street
Sorry, bad paste and a copy of the job by me, here's the number
The total and the pull on the set on
This is more than his cue and probably, 11,892 votes
Yesterday
Wow, how long did they leave that on?
No, it's not a question how long did they leave it on?
On their poll, you can vote 100 times if you want
Oh, I see
They have one of those polls, we can just keep re-voting over and over and over
What?
And accurate one, in other words
Right
And says the number was in a menu box
So it didn't copy out of the body of the email, it didn't copy completely, sorry
And here's the pull, most painful movie scene
Frankson Bean Scene in something about Mary
Sledgehammer Scene in Misery, chest waxing from the 40-year-old Virgin
If you could dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball, dodge ball
The curve's down from our American history ex
And removal of wisdom tooth with a skate castaway
That was the pull, 11,892
Wow, I'm impressed
Woo!
See, they don't care about their ratings, all they care about is how many times people will vote on their pull
Evidently, well we could do that
Because when it comes down to ratings, they ain't got any
Especially at that, and that show
We got 562 votes as all we got
Now if we want, Eric can change that in like 50,000
Or a million
The song that promo I'm talking about goes back longer than that
Part of the promo song went, NEO NEO NEO NEO NEO NEO
I know we're talking about
We're talking in early 90s, it was awesome, says the fake manny from Kendall
Go get a life, okay, manny?
Get lost
Oh, Castor Nova's back, it says, I agree that Georgia's better than most of the sports holes
But he still sucks on the year
Are you gonna have to stand major in before he passed away into that big radio station in the sky
Or face down on the gutter? No, I'm not
Dave Capretta's picturing a giant monkey in the truck of his car
Steve Stancell's a mutual friend, we're all chronic, says Paul
And maybe Steve Stancell's sending some of this crap, I don't know
You think you know, but we don't know
We know John ZTR, but we don't know who John ZTR is
See the day he allegedly came out of the closet, it was meaningless
Because nobody knows who that is
Right, I know what he is
Oh no, what is that?
One of them
Oh, there's John McCain
Tomorrow the next one
Guess what John, you still lost, man
Paul says a cute tip every day
After night shower, you get the cute tip and while you clean your ear, you can hear your throat together
So you can clear your throat together and release a nice feeling
Really?
Well, try that
While you clean your ear, you can clear your throat together
I see, almost orgasmic if you do it right
I'm gonna try it
That's supposed to stick it there
Many people do this, I've known women and family members of the jumbo packet cute tips
Stored in their bathrooms, man
I have cute tips for years, I must admit I'm addicted
Love the show, smoke one, relax your minds, is Rostapal
The fake Rostapal
Right
Everybody's fake
According to George
Okay, let's get back to it, here's Rooster Chuchu's back, I dragged him out
He's all over the place
I'm still full of things for your show, but unlike George E. Boy, I do have a life and career
I work out of different offices and move around a lot, yeah, I bet
That's what allows me to feed him to live the life
And what?
To live the life I have, as well as, listen to your show
Rooster Chuchu is not my name, by the way, it's an nickname which stands for Morning Train
Oh, now I get it
I will not use my real name for obvious reasons, I'm not saying anything more to little George
His jealousy is pathetic
Go skip your jump rope, self-hating, speak
There you did it again, you never mentioned your lovers by name before, they were nameless and faceless
Now all you do is Paco the Mexican did this and did that enough already
He's not my lover and he's not whatever you think
But go, you keep imagining, keep fantasizing
You never mentioned your lover's by name
Well Tom and Joe and Eddie and Stan and Sal and oh, God
And in Zafi're new now, I can talk all I want about soccer players
Yeah, that tells his name again
Paley
No, not Paley, the Spanish soccer player that Misha was so excited about, was your love him too
I can't really get one of the sports people
No, that might know what you're talking about
No, alright, see that's the problem when we lost the fact Chris, although he wouldn't know either
But soccer, no
Christian, whatever his name is, Christian, he's a good Christian
Christian Ronaldo, see I know I'm just old and feeble, although I'll tell you
I wouldn't be nearly so old and feeble if he were in the room right now
Or if Alex the Campbell was in the room
And did you see that movie yet, siblings?
No
I didn't know Godfather but then again, I wonder if Godfather saw an AMC
I don't know
I think especially when CIA is here
Oh, no, I won't watch him movie with him in it
You know who it is?
I don't know who it is but I won't watch him movie with him in it
But you don't know who it is?
No
Somebody I don't like
Oh, you don't like anybody, what is it for yesterday with Judy? What's your name?
Joan, what is her name?
Collins
No, not Joan Collins, Judy Holiday
Oh
She's long since dead
King
Old black and white flip early 50s
In fact, 1950, I don't know like that
34
Four stars
34
Bradwick Crawford and Judy Holiday
What a memory
Well, I mean, I'm looking at him, you know
But I'm looking at that other guy and I can't think of what his name is and I don't want to
There are just some guy, I don't understand it
But just like that thing with Jeffrey Donovan
Oh, he's such a hot looking guy, no he's not, he's gruesome
I still say if you put a pile of steaming hot elephant crap on a plate
And you pass it around and like everybody look at it
And somebody says, boy, that looks really like lunch to me, you know
Then there's something wrong there, do you follow what I'm saying?
I mean a lot of things are very subjective and every different strokes, different folks
All of that, some people like Bifuronis, some people like Veal Parmesan, whatever, that's fine
But there are some things that are absolute, there is no question about like water is wet, okay?
Is that a debatable point?
Yeah, I don't know, sometimes the thing I discovered
Water?
Yeah
No, I discovered the real cheap garbage bags
Now I'm not one of those people that looks at prices when I go grocery shopping
I don't care, I got a few bucks
But like garbage bags, you don't want to spend a lot of money on, right?
Yeah I do
So they have those things with like 40 plastic garbage bags, black ones
And it's almost impossible to open a damn garbage bag up
You know what you follow what I'm saying?
No
The Dow is down 144
You don't know what I'm talking about?
No
Because they're like so tight
Yeah
So what you do is you moisten your fingers with a little bit of water out of the tap
And then you like that plastic just opens right up
I see
See, you don't want to learn, that's the problem with you
You're on your head
I'm not a problem with the garbage bag
Learn what?
And we just got you learning all about damn cute cotton swabs, cute tips
That's right, queer tips
I have never been to that
I've seen a few queer tips in my time
Beyond tragic, anyway, before we do the thing
The fake podcast in Ovis is, I believe man he's talking about the song you've to play on Zayda
Neowakes me up in the morning
Is that heavy metal?
No
Where, thank God those lights aren't going up
Neowakes me up in the morning
Neowakes me up with a smile
I'm a smile, yeah
Drinkin' my coffee, bunchin' down my donut
We've seen a four of the dial
We keep it bad, you can go, you know it
Neowakes say to far out of dial
Why did you work in my room with a dial in the nail
We're late to four of the dial
We were there
Well, many Faith Paul is right
Because Chronic Robb and Martin's been here
I think the bit somebody was requesting a while ago was Neil wakes me up in the morning.
Love the show.
Hate George chronic Robin Martha's Vineyard loves the show, but he hates you like poison.
At least you didn't say hate George like poison.
Come on.
If anybody out there hates George like poison, let's get those emails flooding in.
Come on.
I don't understand how a guy that's as kind of like milk toasty as you are.
Get so much emotion.
I mean, these people are just like rabid.
What are these obsessed stalkers who blame whatever the hell they are?
Doves down 172.
We're losing most of yesterday's progress.
Damn it.
I thought that today was a for sure a buying opportunity.
Every day is a selling opportunity.
In other words, when it went, it went a doubt.
Get out.
Even after that brilliant speech last night, which was really sensational and everybody
was all whipped up into a frenzy and everything good is going to happen.
And we're going to do this in Yada Yada.
And I don't know.
It's going to take a long time.
They left him a real mess, not by accident either.
We're going to leave the shfarts are a real mess on his hands.
Then he'll see how all that rent Rick of his now.
What did that guy say about the.
Tisdog gets me fired up about the rent Rick.
Is not the word he used?
I'm not sure.
We don't have the whole thing.
Y'all to email.
Oh, that's right.
It's under the female.
Oh, scared the hell out of me.
I'll be right back.
Ventum is what he says.
The Ventum.
Oh, the Ventum, yeah.
I've been listening to the.
I'm for, um, got shown five, it's six years and, uh, I'm not playing that though,
because there's a few things he borts out that aren't really all that well-bleed.
Like, if you and I very well believe, but never the last.
No, they're not.
Can ever be too well-bleed in these in the times in which we live.
And today's economy.
I think I may have to rejoice for a third time.
Really?
Well, I don't know why.
Maybe because I ate a ton of food yesterday with all the.
Maybe, maybe, uh, you ate a lot of fiber.
No, I'm not thinking.
I had a couple of candy bars, a couple of Snickers.
One of the regular old fashion one with a real dark brown wrapper and the new almond Snickers
with a light brown wrapper.
You're probably.
Tisking right now.
No, you shouldn't be surprised.
That's what I eat.
Well, I don't be between the two o'clock and two o' two.
I run to the convenience store.
I give me a couple of Snickers.
I get in a cab with my lesbianies, uh, a Catholic driver.
He roughs some ashes on my ass.
He said, oh, it's ass Wednesday.
Gordish, helping men.
Oh, here we go.
Gambling addiction.
This is good.
From Cliff.
Monday night, I watched an A&E, a special on gambling addiction,
specifically women who were addicted to gambling.
Apparently women now make up about 48% of addicted gamblers.
I believe that, especially a lot of these old Chinese women had woodmine.
The show involved three different women who had major gambling addictions.
One, a lady who was a bookkeeper for a Catholic church,
embezzled 900 grand.
She served four years in a minimum security prison.
The IRS went after her for back taxes on the embezzled funds.
Two, an ex news anchor woman actually went into labor while playing blackjack.
She was back in the casino within three weeks of giving birth was eventually
reported a child protective services for neglect.
The last lady was spending her daughter's child support on slots.
Funny thing about her case was that she ended up going to a gambling addiction facility
in Las Vegas.
Why is that funny?
The reason I bring this up is because sometimes I worry about you, Neil.
Uh-oh.
Sometimes when you're waiting to go to woodbine, you sound like a junkie waiting for a fix.
I would hate to see George, Flea, Joe Bell and Paco have to perform an intervention.
Be careful, Uncle Leo.
Concern Cliff and Kendall.
And was surprised at that because Cliff and Kendall usually, you know, is fairly coherent.
Although I better go get my pantaloons and shirt on.
Jimmy Dorsky is back.
Oh, I knew it wasn't going to be a perfect day.
Oh, a bunch of Nimrods I work with were discussing lent earlier, along with all the stupid things
they'd be getting up for 40 days.
Oh, now wasn't that the movie with what's his name?
Josh.
Um, what is his name?
Joshua.
Josh Cortes.
Yeah, Josh Carol.
No, the one he was in one of the Halloween movies with Jamie Lee Curtis.
Josh Hart, Hart, Hart, and very good.
Yeah, totally.
He was also in Titanic.
Wasn't he not Titanic?
I don't know.
Pearl Harbor.
Okay.
Anyway, he was in that 40 days and 40 nights where he couldn't touch it.
Couldn't squeeze it.
Couldn't, you know, and quite frankly, after having, they showed that.
That Halloween one again, he's not, he's not much.
He looks good from a distance.
I'm sorry.
I don't want to get the rooster cogburn upset.
Josh Hart, he looks good from about a mile away with your glasses off.
Anyway, unaware of my freaking atheism, they eventually asked me what I'd be giving up
for 40 days.
My answer to me, Dorsky says, superstitions that invented by ancient gold herders who
believed the earth was flat and that two of every living species lived with them
when, within walking distance of Noah's house.
That pretty much ended the conversation everyone got back to work.
I was good.
Also I used two cute tips in each year every morning.
My ears are probably cleaner than my ass most days since Jimmy Dorsky.
I told you he's good.
His ears are cleaner than his ass.
Well, I hope so, unless he's got Schmidt for brains and it's like seeping out.
Here's one from the chronic Jimmy Cifilis.
It says, George is the worst talk show host in the history of South Florida.
He makes John Broward sound like a great broadcaster from Jimmy Cifilis.
Oh, Misha's back.
Good old Misha.
Maybe she's reminding me about Cristiano Ronaldo which I would.
Could you please play the Howard David?
I forgot to ask her that favor.
Please please play what?
Please play the Howard David bits.
I see all of them love you and yes, I do fantasize about Cristiano and he is Portugacy
Neil.
You have no idea what he does to my mind.
Oh, believe me, honey.
He does the same thing to my mind.
And here's a picture of Cristiano bathing suit.
Whoa.
Mucho Caliente.
Trust me.
He is Portugacy.
He's got some Portuguese between his knees.
Believe me?
Cristiano Ronaldo.
I'm not too much in the soccer, but most soccer players are pretty but are good.
I don't know why they did.
Most of them probably because they're like a British and South American.
What's wrong with those Latin American soccer players?
I am Italian too.
I've told you about that.
There are different kinds of looks like there are in every culture in Italy.
And there are some people with beautiful ancient Roman schnazes and then there are people
with like real big like, you know, they look like they're broken in four places, schnazes.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Sure do.
Oh.
A lot of statues and naked people.
A lot of naked penises in Rome.
I'll tell you that.
And some in statues too.
Billy says, here's one for George.
I'm writing to you as a fan of yours for years, but now the time has come to put your sidekick
in charge of the show.
I think you would be greatest as producer chiming in and playing funny drops.
How hand over the throne, old you.
Let the young Cuban do his things sincerely, Billy.
What do you think?
Yeah, sure.
I'll play the drop, the bits like that.
Sure, let's pray to pay treks to.
No.
Oh no.
I'm already a sacrifice, 50% of my pay.
And not too happy about it.
That was down 156.
See, that was down.
Nobody's got a job.
We're in a depression.
You got to understand why you had to give up 50% of your pain.
I mean, who the hell can sell your show?
586 votes on the pool.
We're going to do over 600 and we do legit.
We don't let you vote 100 times.
Oh, Adam Oshmuck in Kitchener Water Looses if you tried the new Rocky Road Snickers.
Oh, that's just what I need to hear about.
Now, that's a good chocolate bar.
I have about three or four of those and I'm done for the day.
It's his Adam Oshmuck.
Pudgy Adam.
That's why he's pudgy because he's eating all of them stinking candy bars.
Rocky Road, though, is my favorite ice cream flavor.
Maybe next to fish food.
So Rocky Road Snickers would just send me an orbit.
I'll have to look for those today at two o'clock.
Maybe I'll go now.
Maybe George will finish the show today.
Maybe like that email said, hand the reins over to George.
Don't let me forget to get to that story about the Q-tips slavery.
Oh, the Jackson's all that.
Yeah.
I don't even know what it's all about.
Me either.
But I heard you babbling about it.
And SUDD was talking about it.
Talking what?
Cran?
Yes.
He was talking what?
He said there's this place called Slaveland or something like that.
It's like a theme park where you can relive the slave.
Well, Michael famous for theme parks.
He had a cell that the Neverland.
Maybe he's got Slaveland now.
One of Pop superstar Michael Jackson's brothers, Marion.
Oh, always, oh, Marlon.
I thought it said Marion.
It's involved in a controversial plan to develop a $3.4 billion Slaveland Memorial and
Luxury Resort in Pedagorean, Nigeria.
I sure wish I could say Nigeria the way I used to say it, but I doesn't do it.
Right.
Nothing today.
It doesn't do it.
Not the way.
Not the times have changed real bad.
Now everybody's uptight.
And always got a sense of humor anymore.
Oh, gee.
And then of course we get like OJ McDuffee.
He'll be trying to get me a I'mist.
OJ and all his buddies, you know.
Bo Camper and Sid the Yidd and all these guys.
Oh, we're going to get Rodgers fired.
You'll see.
Yeah, sure.
Swish will think and it is true that all those people do listen.
I mean like religiously.
Well, Paul Rodriguez is back.
First I got turned on the Q tips by my wife.
I get water in my ears when I shower and use the Q tips to soak it up.
In the interim, I've discovered that if I have a clitoris, excuse me.
I've discovered that if I have a clitoris, it's in my right ear.
What a sensation.
I see I didn't know that Paul had a clitoris anywhere, but nevertheless.
It's in his rear ear.
Nobody's supposed to do stick it in there and hum cough.
Park like a dog.
What are you supposed to do?
I thought Q tips were to clean your ears out.
I didn't realize they were for all these other.
The rise.
Wonderful thing.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
Start spreading the news.
Obama will make a change.
He's gonna make sure of it.
New press, new press.
These economy blues might not go away.
I'm dying out of here.
He'll take a three point shot at it.
New press, new press.
He'll take the offense where and kid push.
Out of there, welcome Barack.
New press, new press.
Yeah, a civil-led speech last night.
And what do we get emails about Nancy Pelosi's gigantic jiggling breasts?
I mean, they got their eye on the important things.
Like I said, just because it's big.
Don't you care about what it's attached to?
We're discussing that.
I don't understand that.
Philan shows.
You were discussing what?
Body versus face.
I don't know how anybody can get past the face if they have a good body.
I got news for him.
Nancy Pelosi, those things are so saggy.
They probably hanged on kneecaps.
You can make body versus face.
Oh, all about the face.
Anyway, here's another one from Harry.
Just out of control.
Out of control, Harry, on Sunny Island's beach.
I was listening to QMLS then after the A show.
At 12.45 AM, I heard your voice on an ad.
The ad plays a bit to the tuno.
She's got a ticket to ride.
Some of the words I believe are.
She's got a toughest to ride.
And don't play it no more.
Don't play it no more.
You won't believe that in the ad there are different fart noises.
Oh, then this must be online.
He was listening.
Must be.
How can Joyce allow a fart in your ads at 1 AM but not live on your show?
Ask Harry.
Get some help, Harry.
Okay.
They have these wonderful pills to take for insomnia.
Take a whole bottle full and see if it works.
God.
Almighty.
Paul says we all get our info on the web.
I happen to like the Rangers, but let's face it,
Rennie and the Rangers blow big time.
I'd like to hear you back in Georgia's good too.
That's from Monday.
Wow.
Boy, we must be down to a precious few now.
I'm reading crap from Monday.
It's only 102.
Oh, boy.
I'm saving that story about the resort.
Okay.
Save land.
Where is it now?
At least tell me that much.
Oh.
But Daggerie, Nigeria, where where that is.
I don't get there's often as they used to.
By the way, fake, uh, uh,
Manny from Kendall get lost.
Oh, I can't believe you and George don't remember that thing was, yeah, okay.
Great.
We don't.
Sorry.
Don't remember and don't care about it.
You know, has all simers and I smoked dope.
So what do you want?
That's right.
There you go.
Oh, don't tell me Jimmy Dorsky is back.
Just wanted to say that George rules all the naysayers should get some q-tips.
Clean out their ears.
Not so they can listen to the show more clearly.
And so the bullet will have a clear path to their feeble brains.
Jimmy Dorsky.
I said something good about his previous email right away.
There he is.
That's okay.
We'll take anything now.
Neil at NeilRodgers.com.
Keep them coming.
This is the day for all the chronics, all the fakers to come out of the closet.
You know who we have in her truck in a long time.
Who?
Who?
Who got the fake Barry Jackass?
Okay.
Maybe you have.
Maybe I have one, but under a different name.
No, no, but you're in the following.
I'm saying.
No, see the way you look.
The way you look at it, we have to know the true identities, which we don't.
No, I don't have to.
You take something so simple and you have to complicate it.
No.
The fake Barry Jackass.
Where's all that information about the new sports station in 940?
Where's that fake Barry and Tommy, a real or fake Tommy jica?
What was the rumor that they were trying to hire me foe to do mornings over there?
Oh my god.
I mean, oh my god.
Right.
Or even.
Oh my god.
That one too.
Talk about a death wish.
Me foe.
Maybe they'd like to give you your own show on there.
The anti-sports show on 940.
Right.
At least there's signal you can hear it.
50,000 watts, baby.
50,000 watts.
W-I-N-Z.
Fox Sports Radio coming soon.
That's what we need.
As they say in Hungary, Draftos, Xavier Lachenkoff.
You know what that means, of course.
Right.
What?
I need that like I need to hold on the head.
Right.
See how well I taught?
I know more Yiddish than everyone I know about you.
Here's one from the fake Neelan, Canadia.
I love Jolly Jo and Crazy McCain.
From the fake Neelan, Canadia.
What are you laughing about?
That's good.
Nothing that's cute.
At least it's somebody new and different anyway.
That's right.
Or at least it's somebody old with a new and different name.
600, three votes on our pool.
We're impressed by that.
I mean, we are going to get like 148,000 like Jorge Sadano.
Who really has like 15 people have owed like 100,000 times each?
Hock Mark.
Oh, God.
Mark Hockman, 790, the ticket, Waxie, Lincoln Financial Media, LLC.
The one miracle is that they're still pumping out the crap.
Now that's the amazing part that they're still on the air.
Of course, in our case, with Joe Bell at the helm, that was down 126.
Okay, here's the story of a lovely lady.
That was such a bad show.
Yes, it was.
An annoying show.
Yep.
And there wasn't even anybody cute on that show.
There wasn't like my three sons.
Oh.
This is a story.
Oh.
And then of course, she started really shmurring on the Western oil, Florence Henderson.
She started shmurring.
And then what's his name, who was, uh...
What was his name?
Reed.
Reed Wilde, something.
Reed my lips.
Greg Reed.
Yeah, Greg Reed was...
Wow.
Something Reed.
Oh.
And you could Google it, but it's too close to the end of the show.
I got my pantaloupies and my shirt on, and I got my shoes over to the side there.
So, Cliff and Kendall, you better start worrying because I got a real problem.
And you know what the problem is?
What?
Not winning enough.
Am I just having to do them amazingly well?
Last night, I played a quick hit because they're switching over to the new, uh...
Wheel of Fortune machines.
They haven't finished, at least last night they hadn't.
So I had to find something else to play.
5 cent quick hit, Robert Reed.
He was, uh...
Yeah.
And now he's dead.
One of Pop Superstar Michael Jackson's brothers, Marlon,
is involved in a controversial plan to develop a $3.4 billion slavery memorial
and luxury resort in Badaguri, Nigeria.
The historic slave port is to be transformed through the bizarre combination of a
slave history theme park and the museum dedicated to double Grammy winning pop soul group,
the Jackson Five.
Slavery and the Jackson Five.
All right.
The idea is that man will help attract African American tourists,
came to trace their roots back to Nigeria.
Oh yeah.
The men behind the plan say it will honor the history of the transatlantic slave trade
and provide employment opportunities for Nigerians,
but the plan has been condemned by Nigerian commentators.
Honor the history of the transatlantic slave trade.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Oh.
Well think about it.
The African American history trail is worth billions of dollars the developers say.
Ghana and Senegal have successfully turned slave ports into tourist attractions.
Now that I got my pants on and I think I've got it in like...
I've got my belt on like one notch too tight.
Really?
And that rejoicing I think is definitely going to be a reality sometimes.
I'm just losing one up.
The belt.
Oh.
Loosen up a notch.
Okay.
There we go.
Oh.
So much better.
I must be getting really fat.
Ter.
The developers say, did you come and get tired?
Yeah.
You heard it?
Burger.
The developers say the pedagogy historical resort will be marketed to African American tourists
as a mixture of luxury tourist attractions and historical education.
Visitors will be able to see the root their ancestors walked, shackled together as they were whipped
toward the point of no return.
They can then retire to their five-star hotel to drink cocktails by the pool.
Retire.
Visitors will be able to pay their respects at the site of a masked grave for those who died before
boarding ships across the Atlantic Ocean.
And then travel a few yards in a buggy to play a round of golf.
Oh, God.
Woo.
Talk about sick.
They can visit a replica slave ship to see the conditions African-sovered before visiting
the World's-Owned Museum dedicated to the career of the Jackson Five.
Academics believe up to two million people died at least ten million transported to the Americas during the transatlantic
slave trade between the 16th and 19th centuries.
The Jackson's upbeat tunes like ABC and Blame It on the Buggy and live in the US and the UK's Disco throughout the 1970s.
On display at the museum will be animatronic vignettes of the band.
What is that?
Like robots.
Like you know the Hall of Presidents in Disney World.
That kind of thing.
No.
Memorabilia and holographic displays of the group that launched the career of Michael Jackson.
The pedagogy historical resorts development project will certainly enhance the quality of life for millions of people across Nigeria.
Promotional material for the resorts says.
But critics have dismissed the project as a cynical money-making scheme,
inappropriate for the subject of such seriousness as the transatlantic slave trade.
The idea to bring together slavery in the Jackson Five came during a visit tonight,
a jury by US businessman and former Jackson singer Marlon Jackson.
The Jackson family had been looking for a place to cite their Memorabilia collection for some time,
so Gary Loster, former mayor of Saginaw, Michigan, and chief executive of the Motherland Group.
We visited the side of the slave port in Badagri and Miriam Turnami and said, Marlon,
and said, let's put it here, this is right.
It's such an emotional place.
I think we all felt it was the right place to have the Jackson family memorial.
But respected writer and historian, Toyan Feloah, has condemned the project.
It's not appropriate from a cultural or historical point of view.
He says, those who are looking for money care about money, no other thing.
The professor of history at the University of Texas,
and author of many books on Nigerian diaspora, and African American history,
said the development was exploiting painful history.
Writer at commas and PR consultant, Don Eddenuba, said the result was being built by a company run by a white person,
and there will be an uproar.
This plan is morally reprehensible.
It's like dancing on the graves of dead people and telling them you're honoring them, he said.
The developers say they'll treat the slave memorial with sensitivity.
They hope it will become a historical destination, similar to the Holocaust Museum in Berlin.
The luxury hotels near the saddle provide jobs and development of the local economy, they say.
The developers who include the creator of the hit TV series Power Rangers have ambition plans for the, ambitious plans for the resort.
The motherland group says the resort alone will pull in 1.4 million visitors in the first year,
rising to 4.4 million to five years.
Mr. Loster says they'll have to work with the government to change some of the bureaucratic restrictions on tourists
if their project is to attract the numbers it needs.
Well, don't you want to go to Nigeria to see the slave trade museum?
Right now.
And Michael, Michael motorcycle.
Real American A-hole.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you.
Mrs. I already have six kids at home, but figured I'd have another eighth lady.
Mrs. I already have six kids at home, but figured I'd have another eighth lady.
You already have more babies than the average NBA player.
And still you thought, hey, why don't I fire up that turkey baser one more time and see what shakes out?
Here's the story of a dimension lady.
14 kids and neither a husband, a job, or a place to live.
Better get out of LA before Bob Barker has you spayed.
You're currently receiving more donations than Darfur,
and the only person getting Googled more than you is A-rod idiot cousin.
But you don't care.
You were mistaken for Angelina Jolie twice last week.
And that doesn't include the hate mail from Jennifer Aniston now.
And while we're at it, when grandma's house gets four clothes next month,
maybe they should close something else too.
So we salute you.
Mrs. I already have six kids at home, but figured I'd have another eighth lady.
You're $490 a month in foodstaffs.
You're suspicious Frenchman secure and your others.
You are a real American A-hole.
Absolutely.
OK, 119 at 560 WQM.
We got 40-1 minutes to kill.
Oh, let's subtract a spot and the last bit.
OK.
I'm just telling you, I'm just warning you, we're almost out of emails.
Oh, I did do that bedtime story about the slave museum in Nigeria.
So what was said saying about it?
Do you want to go see that?
I guess he read that story and he was telling me about it.
Yeah.
He just thought it was curious?
Curious?
Interesting.
Money making opportunity, man.
That's the Jackson's for it.
They're desperate.
They've fallen on hard times.
And Michael's going to die any minute.
All night, all the other crap.
You think anybody would care about all those idiots that were standing out.
That's close.
I'm going to say, oh, save Michael, save Michael.
Oh, blah, blah, yeah, right.
Ron says I was in stitches with the ecliterus in the ear comment from the previous emailer.
Yeah.
He wasn't the only one.
Reminds me of something Elton John said in GQ magazine a few years ago, when he was asked what was the most disgusting thing he ever had in his mouth, to which he responded ecliterus.
Have you ever had ecliterus in your mouth, Neil?
No, sorry, Ron.
Can't say I've had the pleasure.
This may be a good poll topic.
What's the most disgusting thing you've ever had in your mouth?
Ron says I continue to enjoy the show, although George does suck when he hosts.
Well, maybe if George sucks, he can tell us what the most disgusting well.
Yeah, well, better not.
It wouldn't be that.
Better not.
I'm also getting emails saying that the, um, oh, here it is.
The emailer about the fart noises is absolutely correct.
Absolutely correct.
I hear the same spot at 450 AM on my way to work, sincerely Vincent T.
Now, are they, are they, well, if he's on his way to work, he's not listening online.
Yeah, that must be because it's the safe haven between 10 PM and 6 AM.
The safe haven.
I don't know.
Don't you remember a discussion event during the, um, public training?
Yeah, but I also remember that doesn't apply to us.
At least no one ever said that it did.
Well, somebody better alert Joyce to the fact that WQM is playing fart noises in the overnight while people are trying to sleep.
And they're playing fart noises.
Wow.
I don't think she'd take kindly to that because the one thing we know about Joyce is he's got a real serious problem with penis, vagina, and fart noises, not necessarily in that order.
All depending on where the fart noises are emanating from.
I'm telling you if she found out we'd be Joyce off to Laughus.
That's a good idea.
Just use it for whatever you want it to be.
Yeah, that's right.
I mean, we don't know what it really means.
So I'm just going to throw it around there.
Oh, here's one from Michelle.
Michelle says just wanted to share a tip my doc told me about cleaning my ears.
First, he told me you shouldn't stick anything bigger than your elbow in your ear.
I guess that was a doctor joke.
He said that most people aren't going to go to the doctor's office to get their ears properly cleaned.
He suggested taking a Q-tip, dipping it in the hydrogen peroxide, then gently inserting it in your ear.
You know, hydrogen peroxide like bubbles, you know, yes, foam like foams.
Right.
When it encounters something.
Tilt your head in the opposite direction.
So your ear faces the ceiling and you'll immediately hear and feel like a fizzing bubbling.
And that's the hydrogen peroxide.
Wait until it stops, then tilt your head in the opposite direction so that the, that ear is facing down, look it'll run out.
Then you can stick in a dry Q-tip to dry up the ear and usually we'll get out more wax in the process.
Thanks, Michelle.
That's where Q-tip intensively they man.
Sure. By the way, Lisa, those are raspberries, nutfarts.
What?
Those promos he put on there. Those are raspberries, nutfarts.
Just for the, they're promos?
Yeah.
Promoes for the Homo?
I assume.
Well, we better not play them no more after that.
Well, what are you talking about?
Who told you this, Flea?
Yeah, he sent me a text and said, those are raspberries, nutfarts.
I started running promos last night.
At night.
He started running, but he's taken over now.
I thought he was going to be the assistant.
Let's hear it for Flea.
Oh!
This is really good news.
Hey, Shove and Clarence out the door.
When you had vacation, you were sick or whatever it was and he came in.
I told him.
I said, that's your responsibilities to get rid of Clarence.
Yeah.
I said, you got an 89, that is you.
He said, I'd rather 89, I'm an 69, I'm not telling you that.
That's what Flea said.
This is for all the people who bitching complained about the show from Paul.
Stop listening and kill yourself, you useless jerks.
Stay happy, Neil and George.
Still stuck in a Western Paul, I'm dying here.
He's stuck in a Western.
What's so bad about Western?
Mm-hmm.
Doesn't suds live in Western?
Yeah.
What in God's name is this?
Oh, and by the way, that spot that you just played that I voiced?
Yeah.
It's money as hell.
Sure is, that's how you record in that other room over there.
I don't know what to do about that.
What do you mean, that's how I record?
All right.
I recorded you in that other room.
You remember the rigour we went through?
Because I can't record you in here in this studio where I'm sitting right now.
So I recorded you in the room that I'm looking at right now on the other side of that window there.
And that's what it sounded like.
It wasn't overmodulated, it wasn't anything.
That's just what it sounds like when you record stuff in there.
Bad.
Bad.
PR Ralph sends me Dr. Advice.
Oh, God.
And then it's long and it goes on and on and on.
Oh, geez.
Well, what is it that these people don't understand?
Don't I make myself very clear?
Queer?
Yeah.
Cute tip queer.
Oh, PR Ralph, you're a friend.
You're a Puerto Rican buddy.
We hang out.
Get it.
Party.
So we got farting stuff on the overnight.
That's raspberries.
All the fruits all the time.
They'll call them fart sounds because then we'll get the what's his name, flea in the big trouble with joyous.
Right.
And last time we heard they were pretty tight two of them.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
I think I'm running out of stamps today.
Last half hour might just take some calls.
Please don't do it.
Please.
Whatever.
Whatever what?
Whatever what up?
Whatever shape?
Yeah.
It comes out.
Whatever shape your stomach is in.
What was that?
Was that a pepto spot?
What's spot was that?
Doesn't ring a bell with me.
Doesn't ring a bell with you?
In fact, it was even a song that went with that.
Oh, my God.
I'm the best.
Show me yours.
I'll show you mine.
I got something in the mail today.
I tell you, it blew me away.
Now that Bush is gone, things are going to worn.
Obama, he wrote me a letter.
He wrote me a letter saying it was degraded.
We could be friends.
Only thing he asked is that my new clear profile was in.
No way.
I hope he doesn't think that I'm a shop.
Problems won't be solved.
We they cease to bump.
I am still in pain.
That has not changed.
Obama, he wrote me a letter.
Obama, he wrote me a letter.
He said, I love Obama.
It's so exo, exo, exo.
I love you.
Wow, look at this one.
Here's one that rips you an ass.
Gee, what a shock.
It says, I've always thought George was good and small doses, but after listening to him
all last week, I wanted to stick a pickaxe in my ear and then use the acute tip.
Sometimes, he should make an executive decision and put on the old tapes.
Just curious how much, how much dollars do you spend or waste a wood on a weekly basis?
Maybe you should donate it to a worthy cause rather than pump it into Poco's ass.
How do you like that?
How much money do I spend on your business?
Get a life.
Once the stick a pickaxe, have our permission to stick a pickaxe in your ear and...
Wreck them!
wherever else you want to stick it.
How much money am I spending?
And how much am I filtering over to Poco?
And your business, 631 votes on a poll, pretty impressive, I would say, for a crappy poll like that.
Do we want to change it?
Let's see if Harris got the new one on there.
Oh yeah, a brand-in poll.
What minor injuries the most painful?
Let's change it.
I think this one blows.
You like this poll about the chick cars?
We've done it before.
It's fine.
We have?
Yeah.
Not me.
Well, nevertheless.
Well, I mean, I wouldn't be doing a poll on chick cars.
I mean, old fag like me.
What minor injuries the most painful?
I'm going to tell you right now.
I mean, here's one like getting a punch in the balls or a paper cut.
Paper cut is just excruciatingly painful.
You don't agree?
No.
I do agree.
Oh, especially if it's on your tongue.
Oh!
A paper cut on your tongue?
Yes.
That's bad.
Okay, here's the final result of the chick poll.
The chick car.
631 votes.
Not 45,000 like Horace and Anna would have across the street.
According to Mark Hockmer, China.
The definitive chick car of all time.
VW Cabriolay 175.
VW Beetle 143.
Mazda Miata 131.
Those are the only three that really are having any votes.
The rest is small potatoes like in your ears.
Pontiac Fioro 133.
VW Jetta 31.
Mitsubishi Eclipse 23.
Toyota Prius 15.
Audi TT 14.
Dodge Neon 14.
And I tell you about those neat little little cabs in Vancouver with the electric car as you said it.
They're great.
Honda Prelude 9.
PT Cruiser 8.
Keep Liberty 8.
Ford S-Q7.
Toyota MR26.
BMW Mini Coupe 5.
Honda 2000 S-4.
Azuzu Impulse 3.
And Subaru Outback 2.
I didn't know if the Outback made a car.
I knew like that.
Walk about soup at the Outback.
Just fine.
Yes, it's good.
It's really good.
Statutations from a second generation listener made the old bitch rest in peace.
It says, what does that mean?
I don't know.
Good way to clean ear.
Mineral oil.
A few drops and hold it in with cotton balls.
We'll kill and rinse out all the stuff that grows potatoes.
PS, you've been over God for over 25 years.
Damn God.
Which reminds me we got 33 year anniversary coming up on Monday.
It would be on Sunday, March 1, but we're not working on Sunday.
Maybe they'll let us work on Sunday.
What do you think?
If we ask nice and do it for free.
No.
So what should we do on Monday?
Because I'm sure that there'll be like balloons and all kinds of party favors and crap coming up here from right there.
There's just bask in the glory of that.
Drink a lot and eat all the food that they're going to be bringing in to you.
Don't play that.
There might be another one.
Don't say that.
33 years on ear and sound phone.
This is what it's come down to.
Gotta keep bleeping and bleeping and bleeping and editing.
But you know, now that we got the new administration, the FCC is going to really loosen up.
Not.
Not.
See, it's one thing about the world.
It's like a new tax.
Once they had a new tax on, they never take it off.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Oh, the T-bones, by the way, no matter what shape your stomach is in, T-bones.
Oh, not the T-bags.
How about you got it there and you remember the song too.
You got it in your pocket.
T-bones.
No, no matter what shape.
No.
Like T-bones.
That kind of thing.
Right.
T-bones, right.
T-bones, like T-bones, steak.
What's wrong with you, mine?
Never heard of it.
You never heard of what the song?
The song.
Yeah.
See, there you go.
There it is.
You lie and I'm ready to die.
Like a soul bitch.
Yeah.
Uh-oh.
What?
It's global.
Oh.
Oh.
And you remember this?
Of course I do.
Oh.
And it was just a solid for a TV spot for where I'm sure Pepco Bismol.
Right.
Maybe Alchazelser.
I'm thinking Alchazelser.
Boy, it's been many, many years since I ever used Alchazelser.
You use it?
Yeah, I do it like it.
Well, that's because you're always got an upset stomach from all that bad drugs.
That's not what it's from.
No.
From all that, Agita.
That's right.
I got news for you, man.
If you want to share Agita, I got plenty of stories.
I got plenty of Agita here.
I don't share them with you though because then you'll give me a, you know, a bitching out.
No, I won't.
Yeah, you will.
Not like those other guys.
Nothing but my heartfelt sympathies.
Oh, I see.
The T-bones, I no matter what shape.
And then you know something, I had to look it up.
I had to Google it.
You think that this vast audience we got out there with these 80 billion people
where you stay listening.
You think they would have come through with that, but no.
I had to Google it for you.
Oh, the fake Alice Rantell is back.
Who really bugs me?
Listening on my iPhone using U-Tunes.
The streaming is great except you.
Your room has a lot of ambient noise in the background.
I'm eating it Olive Garden.
Overall, food is mediocre, but the soups are great.
And that's a good place for you, Alice, the Olive Garden.
Oh, and my, my outlook expressed.
Now I've got the old shaken bake.
Every once in a while it does that.
The screen just shakes and quakes and...
What causes that?
I mean, you're the great proponent of outlook of stress.
No, I'm not.
Yes, you are.
I'm trying to get you to use another client.
You're the one that's the best.
Forget about Yahoo and forget about Hotmail.
Do we want to talk about what I really said?
You sure?
I said, those are web mails.
You need to use a real email, but there are a variety of clients
and I try to get you to use one, but it didn't work.
No, we tried to set it up, didn't work.
Outlook expresses one of many clients for real email.
It's the worst one.
For the real deal?
Yeah.
Just have a...
How about the real deal?
The real deal?
Yeah, the real deal deal.
Oh, that's somehow the real deal.
Now let's see if I printed this out of it.
It's not shaking anymore.
I thought maybe when I printed out the paper would shake.
It says, the way you should...
By the way, you should never use Q-tips for cleaning years.
Yeah, yeah.
I used to, and once clogged my eardrum with ear wax,
it ended up getting infected and if you want to know pain,
keep doing it.
Advice for my doctor, take a cotton ball,
make it into a wick, it will not jam the ear wax into your eardrum.
Oh, God, Kevin and Miami says, by the way,
Mrs. Pelosi's breasts look perky, especially in high definition.
Oh, fat.
Oh, fat.
You're a high-dose man.
You guys need some serious assistance.
Anybody that tells me that her...
Any part of her looked sexy.
Good, God.
I wouldn't touch her with your armpit.
God, is that pathetic or what?
Yeah.
It's like you, you know, anything with a screw on it.
That's right.
Like that.
There you go.
Well, we know that.
Sure.
Especially in that building there.
That's right.
Anybody?
You folks should have seen what we had that...
What was your name?
What was your name?
Like what?
The young lady that used to have bending down on the cabinet all the time.
Shannon?
Shannon, that's right.
You know the one.
She was beautiful.
She was beautiful.
And she was a very nice person, too.
See, there's the young lady I like.
A lot.
And she actually paid a little attention to the show when you weren't chasing her around
and having her bend down.
She paid a lot of attention to everything.
Oh.
All he ever wanted to do was bend down in that cabinet.
Oh, it's down there on a bottom shelf.
Well, I mean, for starters.
Neon God.
Bow right for Mama.
And for the black band out.
Be the low white.
House.
Yeah, mother and law is moving into.
Buracco.
Sorry for you.
146.
He made one of the great speeches in the history of the human race last night.
And our audience, they're concerned about Nancy Pelosi and her jiggling breasts.
Oh, my God.
Time to get your priorities, it order, mister.
I'm going to tell you something.
The day that you start ooling about her breasts will be the day we get you checked in.
If I didn't set off your sarcasm meter there, you need to get it fixed.
Buga, Buga.
How's that horse doing?
Oh, here he comes.
Here he comes.
He's in mid stretch, puking his lungs.
21 votes on the new pool.
What minor injury is the most painful?
Punched into balls 12.
Paper cut four.
Stubbed toe two.
Banged elbow two.
Poked in the eye one.
And none cut by shaving.
Bumping your head on something.
Ice cream headache or kicked in the shin.
None for those yet.
But there will be.
Nice going, era.
What's your brand?
What's your name?
Oh.
Oh, let's see.
The work they always seems to drag by a little whenever you're away, Neil.
Says somebody.
George, an exceptional job, as usual.
When I listen to his show, I feel like I'm back in high school at the back of study hall, talking with my homeboys.
I have one problem with George.
He's a music snob.
What is a music snob?
It says a music snob is someone who thinks that they are so cool that they're the only ones who know what type of music is cool.
Music is very subjective thing.
So stick to talk, George.
Hope you had a great vacation, Neil.
The fake a rod.
Oh, thanks, a rod.
So stick to talk.
What's picking a stick into talk?
Where's this idiotic email I got?
Really?
You got an idiotic email?
Oh, yeah.
I don't know.
From Chef Sparky, who's a real idiot.
Who works across the street.
No doubt.
Neither of either.
Neil has either of you heard anything about the rumor that seven-and-a-s dropping the sports format.
So encouraged by LeBaster's ratings, they're moving to a general talk format.
LeBaster talks about anything the other day he discussed Bailwoll.
Very funny.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
No, I haven't heard anything about the rumor that you want to start.
Chef Sparky.
Chef Sparky wants to start a rumor about how they're going general talk.
And who are they going to put on here to do it?
The losers they got on there now.
As far as drafting the sports format is concerned.
There'll be a lot of people who will advise to think about doing that, but they don't want to.
What do I mean?
I do.
They don't want to.
Look at that.
It's plus one tomorrow, plus three.
You know, plus five tomorrow.
And Saturday, Sunday and only minus three.
Spring is in the year, baby.
And there's no snow on the ground for Castanova.
Although Monday, minus six, cool Tuesday, minus one.
Not so spring-like if he asked me.
Damn stinkin' wintertime, sucks.
Not that I'm complaining, you understand?
I'd rather be here than a lot of other places I can think of like there.
Oh, you're wrong.
Neil Brickle is just really coming alive.
Yeah, okay.
Good luck to you.
Have a great time there.
Have a party in your pants, I'm Brickle.
Gary says, hey, Neil and George, first time emailer, don't worry, I won't abuse it.
I just got back from lunch at Taco Bell and something there compelled me to write to you.
I was earning my Chalupa and when I went to pay there near the register was a tip cup
with a couple of dollars and some mixed change.
A tip cup.
I can understand tipping in a restaurant but at a fast food chain?
Yes, everywhere you're supposed to leave a few pennies.
In today's economy.
It's true.
This is ridiculous.
Where will the line be drawn?
It makes me mad enough to see these in Dunkin' Donuts when they pour my coffee and grab me a blueberry muffin.
But Taco Frigel Bell?
That's right, you better watch your free goal, Mr.
You ever have the Frigel bar in a hotel?
Just this morning.
Anyway, just this morning, there goes with that again, see, just this morning.
Somebody's going to take a ball peeing hammer to you one of these days.
Anyway, just that you might like to know, additionally, George is awesome.
I listen every chance when he's on, I get his Gary.
Thanks, Gary.
Listen to every chance when you're on.
Then even when you're not on.
Even when neither one of us is on, Carula.
Listen, just if you don't want to leave the tip money in there, don't leave it.
It's just like it would buy.
I'm very generous.
They love me there because when they bring my diet soda's by, I leave something on the tray.
Either a loony, a toony, or whatever, or three, four quarters, something.
Money, why do you?
Well, why not?
I mean, I'm sitting there punching my guts out.
The least I can do for the good service they give me is leave them a few shekels for Christ's sakes.
You are definitely cheap, Gary.
What?
You're definitely supposed to tip there when somebody brings you something.
Right.
Nothing to do with his taco bell thing there.
If you don't like taco smell, don't smell it.
Nadia Suleiman is getting offered a $1 million contract from Vivint Entertainment with Full Medical Coverage, says a Gabriel.
The same people who were asking for bailout money or offering money to Octo Mom.
This is why we're in a recession.
Neil, your show gets better every day.
All those fat shut-ins need to get alive.
And if they don't like it, stop listening.
That's right.
Stop.
Including that the schlub, what's his name?
Which one?
Which name?
Whatever name he's got.
Morning, morning train, morning train, Shmendrick, Mr. Tuchu.
Well, of course, Mr. Tuchu.
That's him.
Brandon says, I have a small comment on Q-tips.
For me, I love cleaning my ears.
You know how sometimes you'll scratch your dog in a certain place and his leg might twitch from the nice feeling?
Yes.
That's his Brandon.
I get the same way by clearing my ear with a Q-tip.
I get weak in the knees, and like I'm on the verge of having a moment in my pants that like three now?
That upset that?
Yeah, I'm doing it wrong.
That's why I like George.
I clean my ears at least once a day.
He says Brandon.
He's got, he's close to having a moment in his pants.
I'm totally doing it wrong.
I guess so.
I never had a Q-tip moment in my pants.
Although I do have my pantaloonies on right now and my shoes and my shirt.
Another exciting?
I mean, not as exciting as you know being in the car already and on the way.
But when you're mailing it in.
Oh, here's one about ass Wednesday.
An honor of ass Wednesday.
Could you play all you can eat Negro, Barbara and Ray and Sunrise.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, got the time.
See, now they ask for that.
See, that would have killed some great time, wouldn't it?
Sure.
Neil, at E&C, they sell these things called ear candles.
You stick them all on out with that again.
What?
It's quacker-y, man.
We went through that.
Remember Rick Riley brought in a bunch of those things years ago?
Ear candles?
For lack of a better term.
Is that like eye candy?
Yeah, no.
Is that like eye poppy?
That's what it is.
Quacker-y is what it is.
Well, what is it?
There are these wax tubes, these paper with wax on the tube.
Yeah.
You're supposed to stick them in the ear and set fire to them.
And the...
And what is it supposed to do?
It's supposed to draw the wax out of your ear.
But really, it's just the wax on the paper, the dripping.
So people think it's like those foot pads that leech the chemicals out of your body.
It's that kind of quacker-y.
Oh, yeah.
Neil Rogers got new from the makers of Tic Tacs.
An association with antibiotics anytime enterprises.
It's the new A-Rod Tic Tacs.
A-Rod Tic Tacs.
You're the whole world in that device.
Hey, Dad.
I've been taking the new A-Rod Tic Tacs.
I can't wait to little exarts.
We got those from our cousin in the Dominican Republic.
Don't tell the other kids.
Oh, okay.
So it's a big secret, then?
Yeah, it's a big secret.
So...
Give me a new Xbox 360 there.
What?
Do it, you old sail.
Don't make me angry.
He will want me in the ass.
Yeah.
Okay, okay, whatever you say, Dad.
A-Rod Tic Tacs.
You're the whole world in that device.
A-Rod Tic Tacs.
Available now from a guy in the locker room of your local gym.
But don't tell anybody.
Don't show any work.
Oh, that sounded like the...
Great, but...
Neil Rogers is on South Florida Sports Leader.
560 QAM.
Shero's morning.
Oh, my God.
Sponged in Mandage after news.
Spine to win my new home of the Miami Dolphin.
Touchdown Dolphin.
Is this South Florida sports leader?
Oh, my God.
560 QAM.
It's day in Miami Town.
At 560 WQ-Ed.
When the sun beats down and burns the top of my head.
And when my employees laugh at me.
I wish I were dead.
I've got balls, five.
And top of me, yeah.
Should I paint it, plant it, or cover it?
It's all up to me.
All up to you.
He's got a ball spot.
Just like a billion balls.
He's got a ball spot.
I feel three inches tall.
He's got a ball spot.
Please help me run.
Bo-P.
He's got a ball spot.
I know how Larry King feels.
He's got a ball spot.
Ball spot.
Oh, when I painted my head, my wife, she said.
She's out of here.
And when I go to the John the Guise are using my head for a mirror.
I've got a ball spot.
And top of me, yeah.
Should I paint it, plant it, or cover it?
It's all up to me.
All up to you.
You're fairies.
He's got a ball spot.
Just like a billion balls.
He's got a ball spot.
I feel three inches tall.
He's got a ball spot.
Please help me run.
Bo-P.
He's got a ball spot.
I know how Larry King feels.
He's got a ball spot.
Ball spot.
Ball spot.
Ball spot.
