560 WQAM presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil, dial 560505, 16
I'm here in Dade and Broward in other counties called toll free 877785
Neil, or you'll find 560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones. The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his
colleagues, do not represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors. Now the Neil Rogers Show on 560 WQAM.
Neil, God.
You people are said, so damn bad that not only you'd have to be bought out by that man in taxis,
but if I wanted to buy some time on your station, I couldn't. You don't have real people at 75,
uh, yeah, for it. You don't have it on your regular number. I was asked to be a guest on one of your
top shows or an AT&T at your AM, the WIOD. They won't even call me back to tell me what the name of the show is.
My work on your station in 1964, I was a sort of prominent guy in Miami, my by time, and I influenced people by time.
If you people can't get it together to be a better radio station, then if you were at the Conor Ed
station or an EBS station, I suggest that you take a damn frequency which my grandmother's friend
Jesse J put on the air in 1926 and you turn the damn thing off and get out of the business.
You people ought to be exchanged to yourselves. My name is Robby Young and the telephone number
is a motel in Miami, room 13. You people ought to be ashamed. Shouldn't even be running that facility.
And I used to be the boss of the damn thing in 19...
I ran the damn thing and I was very impressed. You are terrible. You have no credibility in radio.
Now, damn it all the best before I get on the phone to pension, you get on the phone to mean.
You get me to take this back. I'm a damn lot more. This is the sailboat's drill, but it will,
because you're doomed anyhow. Little bacteria.
Yeah, we'll need it. That could have just as easily been to us, you know?
Yep. As I would be. So, Flea's here. How did go yesterday?
It was pretty painless. Who did the show with you?
Robert Walker was the producer and I had AJ come in for a little bit just to bounce stuff off of.
AJ? Yeah, he's the national sales assistant.
Why? He's a friend in the building, so I just had him come hang out with me.
Is he a broadcaster? Yeah, he's done broadcasting before on FM.
It's scared the hell out of me. No. Couldn't have been like last Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.
Could it? No, it wasn't quite like that.
I heard about the combined total about two minutes of that.
Yeah, it's two minutes too long.
You knocking those guys? Not a great guy. It's just not my cup of tea.
What are you trying to say? They stunk the joint out last Wednesday, Thursday and Friday?
Is that what you're trying to say? Well, here I am. I'm back.
We don't have any a Roger studio yet. I have an email from Jolly Joe Bell about that.
And he says, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep,
beep, beep, beep, like that. That's what he said.
Yeah. But a beep, but a boom.
Kind of like Vince, the Shamwild guy. Have you seen his slap chop?
Oh, yeah, it's great. Well, you have seen the slap chop?
Sure. Slap it at or chopping it? Both.
He is a strange guy. Do you know he's Israeli?
I did not know that. His real name is Ofer Shlomi.
SHLOMI Shlomi. He sounds like he's from New Jersey.
Well, he is from Israel by way of Jersey or the other way around.
Anyway, we're back. We still have no studio.
We still are a technical disaster, just a disaster.
And the Joe Bell says, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep, about power 96.
And, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, you know what?
Cut the crap already. Okay, give us a studio.
See, they don't even understand how it works. That's the thing that really kills me.
They don't have no concept of how it works.
And like a real radio show. As you know, before the show, like about 838, 45,
I come in early. You come in a little early and we can
fabulate and get the lay of the land and figure out what's going on and and and discuss stuff.
Right. I'm so out of the loop. I have to ask you for a fax number to fax that stuff. I
said you this morning. I have no idea where to fax the um, talent chief for the end of the month.
I don't worry about that. What do you mean by that?
Well, I'll just keep using that one fax number. You gave me. Yeah, it's 10 bytes. He's cool, though.
Out of the loop, out of the loop, you move into a new building. How about putting out some
phone number? For example, last Monday, remember when the line dropped at one o'clock,
right? Lost the line and you had to come on for 15, 20 minutes before it came back?
Yes. So the obvious thing I start trying to do is it's called the bat line so you could put
me on your on the phone. Well, the bat line number is not the same either. Is it? No.
Oh. And how am I supposed to know that?
You know, it's one thing to be in a big ass hurry to move into a new building. It's another thing
to be prepared to a top right in there, which they are not. They were not and they are not.
But you're in the broom closet. I'm sure we'll survive. Yeah. Is the AC working in there this week?
We're not AC's working. The DCS is hooked up. All right. The only thing I'm missing is the music,
but I don't want to bother putting it in this studio if I'm going to be moving in a day or two.
Anyway, if you're going to be moving in a day or two, right? Boy, if you got a sense of
how could you still be laughing after everything that's been going on? How could you still have a
sense of humor? Well, they broadcast the UM baseball games in that room. So I've got to think that
it's pretty close to being ready. Oh, so in other words, that's the criterion as to whether or not we're
going to have a studio, whether they can do UM baseball in there. They did it already. Yeah. So I'm
guessing when I'm here. Yeah. Well, it went online. So what's the hold up? I don't know.
What's the delay? Oh, sorry. Here's the pull from is this, I don't know. Did you? I didn't do a pull.
Oh, which male actor alive today? Do you consider it to be the most one-dimensional, not a bad actor,
but the same character in every movie alive today? Well, I picked the right one. I voted for Joe
Pesci, who's doing a bad Bokobrine imitation every movie is in, with a bad Bokobrine wig. Joe
Pesci 170 votes Will Smith, 124. Clint Eastwood, 102. Cano Reves, 84. Jeff Goldblum, 59.
Well, if I just had a can of raid when he was in that movie, the fly, I can't deal with Jeff Goldblum.
He just gives me the willies. Yeah. Robin Williams, 39. Harvey Firestein, 37. Gave. Morgan Freeman, 34.
Bill Murray, 28. And Wilford Brimley, it says Brimley on here. I don't know why. 24. He's still alive,
Wilford Brimley. I believe so. Isn't he the one with that, BBs? Yep. That's what he says,
diabetes. If you got diabetes, or speaking of movies, I saw I watched two movies over the weekend.
Okay. Which I've seen both before. Now, one movie, maybe you never heard of, maybe you never saw.
It's really very good. I recommend it highly. It's not a spectacular movie. Not a classic, but
it's really good. The neighbor with Rod Steiger. Don't think I've seen that. You never saw that,
where he plays the crazy doctor? No, I don't think so. Oh my God. And the next door neighbor,
she's pregnant and oh wow. There's one scene. Well, I don't want to spoil it for you. Where he's
sticking the needle through her public. And it's like she can see on the, what do they call that?
You know, the screen where they showed the, or they're showing you the baby in the fetus inside.
Oh, the ultrasound? The ultrasound, right. And she can see that the needle he's sticking
through her poop because like I'm the verge of, well, I don't want to spoil it for you. Right.
The neighbor with Rod Steiger. And then the last night I watched and don't ask me why.
I watched it again from beginning to end.
I know you've seen this.
No, why don't know what this is. What's that music from?
We got a winner.
Requiem for a dream. You haven't seen Requiem for a dream. I did a long time ago. Yeah.
Sir, I go for, and there's something in there for everybody. Man, there's a Jennifer Conley
asked to ask. Yeah, she's pretty. And there's Jared Lito, although Jared, I think lost an extra
10 pounds for that flick boy, he, he looked like he had the skin pulled over his bones. I mean,
just tightly drawn, you know what I mean? He's real thin now too.
Is he? Yeah, he's in a band. 30 seconds. He wants to be a band, right? They're actually pretty good,
believe it or not, and doing very well. And I watched the movie you recommended last night.
Doubt. Yeah, and how did you like it? I thought it was really good. Great acting on both parts from
Seymour and from the lady. Marl Street. Marl Street. No, no. So what, what was your take?
Did you think he was guilty or not? It definitely leaves doubt. That's for sure. I would always
leaning towards yes, he did something wrong. He did all the kid, I think so. And she was just
guessing. She was just taking a stab in the dark. Boy, she was a hard ass, huh? Boy, she was the
net. Marl Street was so great in that movie. She was the nastiest bitch. If you didn't hate her,
you just don't have hate in your body. Am I right? Yeah. She was great.
It's great. I'm telling you what I hate. I hate the fact that you're in a broom closet.
We don't have a studio yet. Yeah. Another whole week has gone by and we still are. But a beep,
but a boop, but a bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, that's your buddy, jolly joe. But a
beep, but a boop, but a bump. And he gave me some very bad news yesterday, by the way. Of course,
every time I hear from this bad news about the new rating system, yeah. You know that they keep
pretty much the overwhelming majority of people who are being sampled now. They're going to be
sampled all year. That is true. They turn over around 10% right on the end. So 90% of those
bozos who know, listen to this show, wait till the audience hears the ratings. Did you talk about them?
No, not really. This show midday, we've reached rock bottom, rock bottom, with a 0.2 share,
or D4 like that, because we got a zero if you believe that number, you see anybody believes
that number. I don't. And you weren't the only one to drop like that either.
Bubba, the love spunk, went from a 7.2 men 1834 to a 1 6. Right. So which one's right?
Does anybody believe that the numbers change like that from week to week month to month? No, no.
No. And Paul and Ron went from like a 75 to 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, five. Does anybody believe that one
out of every eight men 25, 54 in the morning is listening to Paul and old Ron? I don't think so.
They had a good book in the winter, but Jesus 12.5 share.
That's why arbitrage is getting sued and just about every market in the country. They're getting
there as sued. And rightfully so, this is the most bogus, but you know something I don't want to,
you know, all these years that we've had good numbers on this show. Now we're going to have really,
really embarrassing, miniscule, bad, invisible numbers for a long time. Because like we just said,
they keep sampling the same people over and over again. Well, what kind of what kind of science is that?
I don't know. But you know what? Let me let me answer let me answer the questions about it this way.
But it beat. But it will. But it will. But it will. But it will. But it will.
Good. God. The excuse makers. That's what we got. The excuse makers.
So you're going to give me some phone numbers by tomorrow? Yes. For like accounting and like the
bat line would be good. Like in case we lose the line again. And I need to call and you need to put
me in on the phone. I can't take phone calls by the way, even if I wanted to for those to say,
oh, the reason your numbers are so bad, you're not taking calls or reading those horrible emails.
Well, guess what? If I want to take calls right now, I couldn't do it. You could put them on,
but then I could see, I don't, I don't play that game. Right. Because if you have no control,
then what's the point of doing it? Oh, first he says, when's day through Friday was
awful with you guys out? When does he George on Friday? He is such a nice guy. We took some
picks and he gave me a big hug. I'm never washing my shirt again. Says first key. That's my one
email this morning since coming back off. That's it. That's a middle of my email. Doesn't that make
you feel warm and fuzzy? Oh, yeah. So you were a George's thing on Friday. He said there were a lot
of people showed up. Yeah, it's pretty full. And we had a good time. The Hard Rock Cafe took
care of us. George ate and drank for free. listeners got like good apprised drinks and anybody who
heard some packages. I saw some things going his hands. Couldn't exactly tell what it was.
And he seemed to be having a good time and he called me on Sunday and thank me and we chatted
for a little bit just as he how he was doing. Well, that's good. So he's doing okay because I don't
have the usual George email to start the show this morning. I do have a silly email from Joe
Vale. You want to know what he says? Sure. But a beep, but a boop, but a boop, but a boop. That's what he said.
Absolutely. Inexcusable, unacceptable outrageous, how to landish, but nevertheless, we can't look
back. We can only look forward. President Obama's tapped US Circuit Judge Sonia Stadermeer
for the Supreme Court today, making her the first Hispanic in history, picked to wear the robes
of justice. If confirmed by the Senate's Sado mayor, 54 would succeed, retiring Justice David
Souter to official describe to Obama's decision on condition of anonymity because no formal
announcement has been made. But he's going to make it this hour. In fact, they're all gathered
there in a white house and talks about her background. I mean, Jeffrey Tupin is a pontificating on
CNN. He's another one going, but a beep, but a boop, a lot of that going around these days,
but a beep, but a boop. You notice a lot of people saying that when you ask a question, you want
an answer. Yes. So you get about a beep, but a boop, like like Santino and the godfather. What do they
say? But a beep, but a boop, but a boop. So I'm recommending to you, if you like to doubt the
neighbor, it's, you know, it's also chilling. I'll check it out with Rod Stiger. He was so good.
I think, you know, I know he was considered one of the great actors of his time, but still he,
I don't think he got the credit he deserved. You agree when they brought Stiger? Yeah, he's good.
Or was was the pawnbroker? What else was he in? Well, we can Google it during the break. I'll find out.
We've got to get a lot more compelling if we want to get people listening. Let me check it right now.
Confelling is the word. Oh, good.
Hey, there's Larry. How you doing? Hi, child. Hey, just handed George his papers today.
We'll be seeing that little speak no more. No, sir, just a sea of white,
underpaid quizzlings. Confect, you know, we're losing our ass, but it's a it's not this board. No,
not this board. No, it's not this board. Good, never not. No, of course not. Which reminds me,
I'm expanding the schedule for high school locker room gridlock. So how's the marriage going?
Clarence? You like casing me with that down Joe? Oh, remember our corporate motto, Clarence?
If you want jobs and charity, maintain for maturity. Oh, you're next by the way. What was that?
I said to have a nice day. Yeah. 1017 at 560 WDQM, happy Tuesday to you. So there's one email
here about yesterday. I did hear a minute or two yesterday and I thought to myself,
what the who's that screaming queen gate that's on with the Lee? Yeah.
Jim Sarni says, tune in yesterday. Only to hear Lee talking NBA talk with some queen.
It was horrible, Ray Deune. If this is what it'll be on here for half of the summer,
God help us. God help us. The real reason I emailed, I'm in talking to some of my sources. It's a
done deal. Sid will be on QA. I'm in the fall at some point in time. The word is he'll start
doing two to four. Wonder if they told the big O he's being replaced. And when Mad Dog is done,
he'll take over the afternoons. Makes sense that someone that got no number in the morning
against Joe is going to find a number in the afternoon against Dan is Joe Bell for real. I've
tried calling him, but he won't take my calls. Says Jim Sarni. Well, off to get ready for the
Belmont charitable man. Take it to the bank. The Belmont is wins. That's like a week from Saturday.
Yeah. The three weeks after the pregness. The fifth of the six, I guess. Oh, June. Yeah. Of
something. And I wasn't talking about the NBA. I was making fun of the fact that all these guys
all day are talking about who's better to Kobe LeBron or D Wade. I'm like, give me a break.
Yes. Right. Who cares? Exactly. Well, there's nothing else going on now. The the Martins are
all the way. They want to want to what two in a row now, I think. Yeah, it's crazy. But they've
been losing like crazy. They got walloped by Tampa a couple of times. I mean, just just walloped.
They're not going anywhere. No. And then all this business about the new stadium. There are no
baseball fans in South Florida. What does it take to prove to the politicians and the public that it's
not going to fly? There are a few thousand diehards and they show up most of the games and the rest
of the public couldn't give a crap less. And especially to go down there, nobody wants to go there.
Narotic repetition. That's out. Florida. Let's keep making the same mistake over and over again.
Kind of like this radio station. Let's take people who failed everywhere else and put them on
here and see if we can't make them a success. Oh, they failed. What a surprise. Ron says and you
know, you know, you'd be amazed at the lack of email on there. Mm-hmm. Wouldn't you think that
when I sat down here this morning, after 33 and a half years that there'd be something, you know,
like a whole bunch of emails saying, Oh, gee, we're sure glad to hear you back or why don't you retire
already, old Fag or something, you know, something like that. Right. Not much.
As South Florida again extends their love, Ron says, okay, okay, quick dancing. What the hell happened?
Did they cut off your left or right nut? Did you have sex with Joyce? Did they find you millions
acquiring minds? Want to know? Well, acquiring minds can keep guessing because we can't discuss it. Ron.
Just as simple as that, we can't and we won't. Nor do I have any desire to. And it's a good thing
we can't take calls today because if we did, that's all they'd be talking about. Am I right?
Absolutely. If I, what'd you say? Absolutely. If I wanted to take calls right now and do it the right way,
I couldn't do it because we, you know, well, the firewall is this, but I mean, but I'm open about
all kinds of stories. And they got other priorities that are much more important. Power 96 is a
okay. They got 100,000 watts class C FM over there pumping out the crap. That's what's important. Not this garbage.
Okay. Of course, they could have left this in the other building for an extra couple of weeks, but no.
You know, where everything worked and we knew all the stuff. Adam Oshmuck says, good to have you back.
I hate your belt. Even more now if that's possible. If that's even possible, he says, he hates you, Joe.
But I mean, but I'm up. Quit dancing. Oh my God.
Taft and Flamingo shared in 136th Ave, four-way stop, a Kennedy Park Southwest 11th Street in
Southwest 72nd Ave. Pete the Chronicles, they're having a feeding frenzy, the cops.
And coming soon, they can pull you over just for not wearing your seatbelt. You do know that. Oh,
yeah. No, it used to be that they'd have to have some other reason to pull you over like your
speeding or you're, you know, going the wrong way on a one-way street or something. Now if they just
think you're not wearing your seatbelt, pull you over and you're screwed, which is crazy because I can
ride a motorcycle with no helmet on, but I have to have a seatbelt on in my car.
Oh, Leonardo. Well, I can't read his email. Those people want to refer to what happened last week.
I can't read your emails and don't waste your time. Sorry, Leo.
And the answer to your last part of your email is, no, nothing has changed. I have no idea what's
working. What's not working. I got no clue. You're in a room and then you're in the same room closet
you were before. Right. Now, weren't we being peddled when we were in the other building that the
Neo-Roger Studio was going to be the first one to be done? That was the word originally. That was
the word Thunderbird. Tired. Here's the poll today. I guess I'm going to have to start putting together
some real polls because I'm out of polls, including Charlie B's silly polls like this one. What's
your favorite holiday? Not a silly poll? Yeah. You know what I voted for? I voted for Purim because
that's when the Homoontajan are out. I voted for Thanksgiving. 385 votes. Well, Thanksgiving,
you got the weiner or no, Christmas is number one. 93 Thanksgiving 87. People love Christmas best
because they get gifts. Thanksgiving 87. I hate holiday 68. By the way, I figured out what the
thing is with the new methodology with the ratings. Okay. All the goyenne got them.
I hate holiday 68. What kind of attitude is that? I hate holidays. There we go with that again.
Back the South Florida hate. Independence Day 4th of July 41. Halloween 25. My birthday 17.
New years Eve or New Year's Day 10. Quanzafive. Hanukkah. Tzenuka 5. Memorial Day 5. Purim 5.
Must be some other Homoontajan lovers like me. St. Patrick's Day 5 Valentine's 4.
Oh, and the interesting thing with this rating thing that just which I'll get to the numbers.
And that is that at 10 o'clock, those people who were listening to Joe, the sports nerds,
they turned over across the street. A lot of them. Most of them didn't stick around. They don't want
any part of this show. Right. And then at 2 o'clock, they turned back over a sum of them to us.
Or certainly at 4. That interesting. And we're stuck. We're stuck with that sample of people for weeks and months and years.
I don't think it's going to fly. I think all these lawsuits are going to force them to like change their tune there at Arbatron.
Valentine's 4. Father's Day 3. Sync with Mio 3. Passover 3. Russia, Shana 2. Passover's on there again with another vote.
Why is it on there twice, Charlie? You know, I'm Kipper 1, Labor Day 1, Easter 1, and Mother's Day don't have any.
But why the hell is that? I don't know. Oh, women by the way we had. You know, we had women. Oh, zero.
I mean, there were a few smattering listening, but in terms of a share, we had 0.0. I just tell you, you might want to know that.
In case they give you like a pop quiz or something. Okay.
Justin says, what happened to George? He got fired and it did. That's what happened to George. He got fired and he'd come back.
And we wish him all the best.
Since I've been out of town for a while, I like the new guy. He sounds hot and is more active in the show than George ever was.
But George is a staple question mark. Well, not anymore. He's not. He got staple to the wall.
You sound hot? Yeah, what does that mean? Justin, you sound gay to me. I guess Justin wants your body.
You know, now that I think of it, Oh, for a schlomi and you, I think are the same person, aren't you? Vinc from Shamwile?
Yeah, you sound a little bit like him.
And I love the way at the end of every infomercial. He kind of like leans forward, like into the camera, like in your face.
You know, you see this? You see this? You follow me? He's strange. He's strange. Follow me, camera guy.
He's weird, but I guess he's out selling what's his name? They got it. Screams and shouts.
Oh, the guy with the goatee, the oxy-clean guy. Yeah, that guy. He's out selling him.
Phil says, sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but there'll be no bonuses for high ratings this summer. No kidding, Phil.
I try three times to listen. I like listening to sports talk to the jokers who replace George. No can do. Your numbers will be awful because of this change.
I guess he's talking about the last Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. Could be. Couldn't possibly be talking about you. No. Well, maybe I'm not for everyone.
That's for sure. Oh, I'm scared. 1031 at 560 WQM. Let's take a look at the schedule. That should be pretty scary. We got the big O2 to 4. So what do you think of those rumors about Sid? I don't know.
Nothing. Nothing with shopping at this point. No. Well, he failed badly across the street. So we ought to like him. And like George would say, it's going to suck and it's going to fail. Yeah. He's got a big mouth. I guess he's told too many people that he's going to come in September 26 or something like that.
Two to four. We got the mad dog at chulas four to seven dolphins tonight. Seven away, which is just absolutely the end of the world. And then eight o'clock. We got what?
Basketball. Have the magic game for me. SPN radio. I don't watch the NBA. I don't care about the NBA. I don't read the scores. I don't care. I just refuse to care. You care about the NBA? Yeah, I like the NBA.
Now, who, who, where did I hear? It was one of those three days Wednesday, Thursday or Friday. I turned it on for a couple of minutes. I kept hearing.
And yeah, that was ridiculous. What, what they were, you heard it too? Yeah, they were talking about would you take shack back if it only cost five million dollars? Oh my God. One of these fictional things. Oh.
Me and shack to bed. We go not. Is he still got that icy sleeve up his sleeve? He can't even say it and he's doing the spot. That's the thing that kills me.
He can't even pronounce it and they came to do the spot for icy sleeve and pay him well. I'm sure I'm sure he's making a crap load of money. Careful now. I have three dump buttons now. So we're good.
Don't be a go in there. Okay. Sorry. See, you and I are supposed to be able to chat before the show every day like a normal show like right now used to and like you and I used to before we moved into the studio.
We can't do that. These, these people have got a death wish. I'm telling you they've got a technical death wish. Oh, well, a power 96 is a taste priority. And since we can do the show from that little broom closet, you know, I'll let you know. Okay. I'm going to hold my breath. Jolly. I'm going to sit on the edge of my seat holding my breath to get an email saying, oh, on such and such a day, the near Roger studio is going to be functional.
Here's those ratings. Men 25 to 54 in the morning. Paul and old Ron had a 12.5 share. Anybody believe that? No. No.
Coast was number two. Magic number three. WMIA. What what is WMIA? I don't even know what that is. Oh, Mia. It's a rhythmic AC. Yeah. A lot of Madonna. A lot of Madonna and stuff like that and some old things. They were number four. IOD was number five. Jimmy Cifolitica.
I'm nine share and I school in there, Jimmy. The right wing talkers, which is IOD, the sports nerds and Paul and Ron. That's who got the.
The samplers. And in the slash station is like coast and life. The ones that are on like an elevator music, like in doctor's offices. The people are exposed to, but aren't really listening to. Well, you know, it was weird. That showed up for the first time ever is WLRN. Really? Yeah. NPR was like 10th and some down on the.
Yes. They were tied for ninth in the morning. Wow. WLRN news talk information 4.5 share. They never showed up before. And all of a sudden they're in the top 10. This. This whole thing is such an abortion in midday. Number one is the coast in men 25 54 with a 10.8 share. Number two is life with a 10.5 almost even Steven almost tied. We were 25th with a 0.2.
0.2. Let me say it again. We had a 0.2. That's from a 6.7 in the winter book, which cover three months to April. All of our audience died. They went away. They hated us like poison. They just all abandoned us in April. Anybody buying it? Believe in it? Is there any credibility to it? No.
No. Afternoon. Big number one again with a 10.7 share. Big. Dock Reno. Suave. Radio Suave is number 2 in the afternoon. Men 25 54 with a 7.8. Radio Suave. How's that possible? The coast is number 3. Again elevator music. EDR. IOD is number 5 in the afternoon with a 5.8. Let's see. How did rush to in midday? How did IOD do 10 to 3? Check out the.
IOD 6 to 10. I already told you 5.9. You're not listening. I just got through saying that. I said nice going Jimmy. Still can't believe it though. That's why I'm not sinking in yet. Let's go.
Let's say it again. The right wing talkers, the sports nerds, they got the people with the stuff, which we can't talk about. And I still don't understand that. Why can't we do that?
What's the big secret? Of course, if I was pumping out the kind of numbers that they are, I wouldn't want anybody talking about it either. You know what I mean?
Yep. Bogus numbers, ridiculous unbelievable numbers. And like I told you, good buddy Joe yesterday, when he called me, I said, you know, the 6.7, I don't believe in the point 2. Obviously nobody believes.
You see what I'm saying somewhere in between? I mean, you know, when we get a big number, I'll take the kiss. Oh, don't say kiss.
I won't say kiss. I got more crap in this pile. And these are all all these numbers, which Joe felt compelled to send me again. The spirit of Christ compelled him to send him to me again.
To kind of like rub salt in the wounds and then explain to me, oh, well, the same people are going to be sampled 90% or 85% month after month, year after year forever. We're screwed.
One thing about ratings on this show, we won't ever have to worry about it. We want to know why because we want to have any.
Here goes my question. I must say, for some to go back to the diaries. What was wrong with the diaries before? What was the problem? I don't know.
Here's one from the fake Anita Bryant.
He says, I had a love hate thing with George Rodriguez. I don't have anything from Georgia this morning. I hope he's okay.
He was very pleased. I gather from what he wrote me very pleased about the turnout.
Here's one from Fred Rickets. It's too bad we have anti first amendment organization, the FCC. What I was wondering was what was that junk that was on last week while you were off? Oh, yes, I turned it off in a hurry. He says.
I turned it off in a hurry. Here's one. Since thank God you're back on Julio. I was sure that this was jolly joined the beastlies final coup to get you out of there.
And then he said some caustic things about you. Flee has been a very cooperative and very helpful. Let me say that to you.
Like this morning when I needed that fax number. Yep. Because they sure as hell are giving me an information. I wrote an email to Clarence. Guess what he said? Nothing. He didn't even go but it would not even once.
Not even once. Oh, this is what used to be love 94 is MIA. Right. And cheap channel killed off in December. WMIA. Wow.
Phil says regarding your fill ins. They're all on listable. Sorry. Just reality. Who is that queen you had on yesterday? That was a game. Please don't put him on again. Okay. He sounds like a fruit cake. Screamer. Is he? I don't know. Well, I see don't don't say it.
Well, what's his title again? Where did he come from? He's another one of your old pals. No, he's from the point at which I turned it on. He was going on about. Oh, I've known you such a long time and I like you so much. And I thought you guys were going to do something right on the year. Well, he never know. But now I've known him for two years. He came from I think Toledo or something like that.
Michael says I recently retired from the post office and had a route that was probably 80% non Hispanic white. Since I listened to your show, I paid attention who got TV and radio diaries. There was always a disproportionate number of the minority families who got them. Not a majority, but more than the representative shares is a listener West Palm.
And that's it. Well, there's a few emails here, but it's not exactly what you'd expect. After the big blow up that we've had, which we can't discuss and won't know. So what's the story on the studio? Anybody come in to you and say, oh, well, on Wednesday, you're going to be in the other room and we're going to have everything working and yada got in there. Nobody do that before the show started right as it was starting. George Corso was in here and said he was leaving just then to go meet with Joe Bell about the studio. Well, get it done already. Corso, will you?
Please. Jesus got all my it's one thing that they got to get power 96 because that's the, you know, that's the money siphon.
Do they make money on kiss? You think they sure couldn't have much overhead? Yeah, it's cheap to run. They make a profit on that station for sure.
While they're losing their ass on this, but I'll tell you when they put said the kid on here, that's going to turn it around. I love eating nuts.
I for one of glad George was fired. Now we can return to the religion of sports.
We're going to for skin on me for to go the usual exciting pre-recorded open because joining me in the studio is Dwayne Wade.
Yo bro. I have my 560 sport hole callipers here that's measured. See just how big you are.
Oh, yes. Yes. It's very thick and wide. I am married, you know. So if my wife is listening, nothing is happening here. Okay. Let me just take these tweezers and pluck the dingle berries from your door.
In celebration of Jorge's departure, I'll invite the staff in here after the show to inhale your jog-strap dingle berries.
I like to sprinkle them on my rice crispy. We're sports sick here. So it's okay. Let's take a very strong break.
I don't know what the dog of the water is about before the dog.
Oh, yeah, 1046, 14 before 11 at 560 WQ I am JC P says about Wednesday through Friday. Listen for five minutes to think they got rid of any K for this.
And then he says like that. Yeah, for D.A. I heard a little bit of him on air Wednesday through Friday. Wow.
Kind of explains that point. Then again, who might have talked about bad numbers? Right? I guess we better not rip anybody for bad numbers ever again.
After a zero point, oh, point two. Nobody believes it though. Even your buddy, jolly, Joe, don't believe it. He's not buying it. I'm not buying it.
Well, I'm not selling it. How do you like that? I bet Charles and pinecresses great to have you back. You don't know what you've got until it's gone. That's what what's his name said? Conway, Twitty?
Who's saying that song? Ralph Donner. You don't know what you've got until you lose it. Ralph Donner. Remember that? Oh, yeah. You'd play it if you could next week.
Oh, next week we're in the new studio. No, I don't know. I'm just guessing. I'll tell you one thing. We damn well better be in the new studio by next week. This week is June already.
They sure had this thing really well planned out. Didn't they when they moved from the other building into this world? I have you guys are now. They had a really well planned out.
But you remember that email I got from Joe last week? Oh, doing the engineering work is a lot more difficult than criticizing it. Yeah.
It says Lee was terrible. I mean, just abysmal. Maybe one slight step ahead of D.A. and Cooper last week. Why do you guys keep putting on the most boring people on here?
D.A. Cooperstein Linder just bad radio. Give me Curtis, Beast and Jesse. Beast. Wow. At least they switched it up a bit. They know more than just sports. I didn't talk sports.
This management even listened to the radio station. I used to leave my radio on 560 24 7 365. But now I tune into your show. The mad dog and that's about it. Let us know the latest on George. I'm pulling for him to get his own show somewhere. So are we, Charlie. But I don't have any a message from George this morning, which is a little bit. I don't know. Unnerving.
Isn't it a little unnerving little bit when you think you have something to say after Friday's big party and everything?
When you think I think so. I'm looking at those emails now. There are none. Neil at Neil Rogers dot com. Well, this is weak. This is what you know what this reminds me of reminds me of my last anniversary show. March one.
When you have to beg the audience to say it's like, hey, say something nice to me. Okay. And then they do it and it like just all smells of insincerely.
Oh, you're only doing this because I asked you to do it. Wish me happy birthday. Oh, happy birthday. Neil. Yeah, like that. And that's crap.
But it like I've always said, don't, don't keep your expectations too high and software because they'll always let you down.
How's that new studio coming? Pretty good. So George Corso said what? He was going to meet with Joe Bell when the show was starting. So I don't know. He hasn't said anything since then.
And instead of meeting with Joe Bell, why isn't it? Why doesn't he go in there with his compadries, his partners in crime and work on getting the thing complete. Whatever needs to be completed. What is it? That isn't done yet. I don't know.
You were telling me last week that there's no microphones in there. There's no this. Know that are there microphones in area? There's one microphone in there now. There's a computer set up. It has the AV air, which shall be see we play our commercials off of any ran a UM game from that studio. So I'm getting really close. So it's got to be close, right? I would think. I don't know.
What does it take to run the UM game? It pulled up the ISD and line and sent it to where it needed to send it to get it on air or online. I don't know.
What's that that would do in a talk show? I have no idea. I'm just saying if they can do that, then they do a talk show has to be pretty close. I would assume that I'm not an engineer. I don't know.
Carnegie says glad to hear you back to do that was in for you last week. Wasn't too bad. Halloween is spelled incorrectly on the pool. Please tell flee not to talk so much. He sounds kind of girly. Don't talk so much. You sound kind of girly. Wait. I thought I was hot. Not a bad guy. Just his voice sounds like a winning the pool or piglet of some or some crap.
It's his car. But they've all got some skill. You know, I can understand that they were from what was on Wednesday through Friday. That's easy to understand. That was just swill swill.
You know what it reminded me of it was kind of like they took a couple of guys off the street sit around and talk and fill up four hours. Say anything. You know. You know what I mean? I did.
My favorite holiday is Christmas. 107 Thanksgiving 96. I hate holidays 80.
Man. Man. Independence day. Fourth of July 47. Halloween 28. And then after that small potatoes my birthday 19. How many for poor? I'm still only five for poor. That's because it's all going out there.
Man. All the Jews are gone. They either died. They moved to Boka. I think we have a big audience in Boka. If the signal reached there. Oh, now you're going to start with that.
Trouble maker. If the signal reached there, be a miracle if the signal reaches to my house in plantation. Bill from Miami says just got back in town and left just when George was on the verge of getting canned.
Can't tell you how disappointed I am not only in Joe Bell, but you're hard working attorney. Norma can't I've got a norma can't line for you. They might knock you off your seat.
He pissed me off yesterday to such a degree like you know, I like you can't even believe. Foming at the mouth.
I'm trying to remember why the hell I called him bad mistake in my part. It had something to do with all those documents and stuff.
Anyway, I call him at home. Oh, that's right. He sent me an email. I was my to my own business at wood buying sitting in my machine. I can email on my blackberry from Norma can't send me a copy of that. Whatever it was, you know, which we can't discuss on the year. Send me a copy of it.
I thought that's kind of strange. What does he need that for?
So I called him to see if there was some further development or something going on. And he says to me, oh, well, I want to it's just for my benefit.
I want to see it so I can kept fully informed and fully compensated.
He said compensated. Let me say it again. What part of compensated you understand? So I'm kept fully informed and fully compensated.
To say that that pissed me off just big time was the understatement of all time. I was literally foaming at the mouth.
And I wasn't because I lost because I made a few bucks of wood buying. Wild just a wild child.
See now that we're in this depression recession, whatever you want to call it, everybody everybody who might have a couple of bucks somewhere. It's like all these people saying, oh, you better take care of George. You've got to pay George's salary. No, I can't and I won't and I'm not.
All you experts tell me what to do with their money. My money.
How do you like that? He wants to stay fully informed and fully compensated. That's some hoots.
Talk about getting it like a dog on its hind legs begging for a bone.
Begging for money and I'm sure a lot of you people out there are experiences the same thing. People are down and out on their luck right now during these brutal economic times. Everybody's begging for money.
Like that. You know, like chicken act.
So what were you doing with chicken act the other day? You sent me a message. I'm with chicken act now. Yeah, he was at the party for George. Oh, well, that makes sense.
Did he say tell me make sure I get my check on June one? Yeah.
Did he? No, he just asked me if we had a check ready, which we do by the way today for him.
We, well, they, I guess, their station. What about my check? He didn't ask about that.
Anyway, Bill says I guess George wasn't quite as protected by your contractors. You would thought and if that was the case, you might want to check your own contract to make sure it's iron tight.
It's obvious that by blowing George out the door, they're trying to get you to cave so they don't have to pay your contract off.
At the same time, I'm sure they're monitoring every word you say on here to see if you slip up as they desperately look for loopholes or reasoning or rid of you without having to pay you off.
Even though I wasn't a huge George fan, it just pisses me off a QM management, aka Joe Bell and clearance, where hell been on getting rid of him and then the end got their way.
Watch your back, Neil, because evidently your attorney is not.
He just wants to be fully informed and fully compensated, Norma, Norma and Elliot can't.
Have you ever heard of anything like that in your life?
No, that's pretty crazy.
Pretty rude, if you ask me.
Rude and crude.
I'll send you a gazillion dollars, Norma.
Big bag of money.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Rock solid.
Any question?
The closest competition ever.
It's the season finale.
Pull dancing with the stars.
Watching reality TV skank, hanging off a stripper pulls and vomiting into hot tub.
My new career is giving lot dances to strangers while I'm swinging by my crotch on a pole at times or not.
You're really giving us a spectacular piece.
She can even do it inverted, spread-like pulse band.
Pull dancing with the stars.
It was too wonky.
Come on, it's not the Chacha and that you feel the gentle curve of your partners' glam.
The results.
My tonight, 9 a.m. Central only at EDC.
Well, it's 11 o'clock at 5.60 WQM.
There's a lot of stuff I'm not reading that's coming in because it's from sour people who want to rehash.
You know what I mean?
Rehash all the events.
Yeah.
Well, what's the point in that?
Here I am.
I'm here.
Here I am.
Ready or not.
I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I'd be, I
I'd be, I'd be, for sure, I might be there. If I'd go away. But if I'd be there. If I'd go away. Go away. But if I'd be, for sure. When, for sure, I'd be on a boat orона. I'd be with the beach and on our farms. Sc Wish that one day and on that, we would be playing in the sand. Much better than having to play every day.
know that's what your buddy fat as josez who sent me one of the most obnoxious emails
in history about well you know priorities and blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
like that nauseating quit making excuses and get her done man get her done let's get
the show on the road and let's start pretending to be like a radio station here's one that
says oh my god the week was so long without you while I actually miss a little George
welcome back my friends is Isaac Isaac oh long without you while I actually miss
little George welcome back my friends is Isaac Isaac this one says Brian long time
internet listener in state Augustine I too miss George by the way independence is misspelled
on the polls Wells Halloween that's just what we need is a bunch of nitpickers now right
with everything we've been through the last week we need people nitpicking oh somebody made a
mistake on his spelling who gives a crap blame a Charlie B for it okay he's the one that sent
the illiterate poll it says what illiterate schlep updating the poll these days it's not
Eric's job to like you're correct the spelling on there correct the spelling please Eric when's
Eric going to redo the uh website already I don't know god it is so old and so stale my god
it says jolly joe and joe and can jump off the macArthur crossway bring back George morons
Georgian coming back is he you think he's coming back no no he's gone he's fired he is not emailed
me this morning maybe he's got another appointment maybe he's busy working somewhere maybe later
in the day I'll get an email from George saying oh guess what I start the next week across the
street or something good or maybe he's busy spending all the money that people brought him on
Friday at the hard rock how many people would you say showed up oh I don't know I'd say about
total 50 people something like that well that's not very good well we're not sure it was more
a lot more had had you or I or both been on the air Wednesday Thursday or Friday especially Friday
the day it happened right there would have been a ton of people there you think those guys were
promoting uh George's thing I gave it to DA I heard him read it a couple of times on Friday did he
yeah was that before after everybody turned it off I think after he is just honest to god and George
tells me and you tell me it's a nice guy he is so ungodly awful and and and the couple times
they turn it on only we're talking about was me and about how when he came to the market everybody
told him be prepared Neil's gonna rip you an ass and Neil does this and Neil does that and that's
too sick and blah blah Neil this you know oh when he lick he lick he my god my talk is was
purple by the time I got through listening to two minutes yeah Wednesday the first day was such a
suck fest I actually text them and said stop already yeah why were they doing that I don't know
because they had nothing else to talk about like I said it was like they took three shleppers off a
street corner somewhere off the corner I was doing 441 who'd never been on the air and put them in
there said okay kill four hours just talk just keep talking make sounds with your mouth
right yeah and I thought DA was like a broadcaster I thought he worked in Kansas City and he worked
with your buddy Jolly Joe somewhere before he came here and apparently there are problems with
his streaming right now it's breaking out is it really yeah says whom says AJ who's listening
online oh boy here we go again more technical shenanigans a QA and more nightmares oh and by the
way let me just say one other thing about the streaming because you've always told me that on a QA
website that this show has far and away the most people listening online that is true and on our
website you know if if we went from a 670 was 0.2 or you know if we had this dramatic decline you'd
see it in the number of people listening online doesn't that make sense right but but just the
opposite there are more people than ever listening online there is rarely a day that we have fewer
than like 800 people listening online and usually like close to a thousand that's not bad plus
whoever's listening on qam.com so if we only have a point two then it begs the question well who
are these people listening online every day how come they haven't veiled out barren fits his back
he says welcome back uncle when I was just about ready to throw out my radio I will never use
profanity in my emails to you again good I just turned on your show I think I heard you say he went
from a 6.7 to a 0.2 in the no rating system how is that possible can you explain no maybe you can
explain it maybe you can explain it barren fits because nobody in their right mind can like the whole
audience in April just and Georgia was still here by the way it's like I know who the Georgia is
getting canned he was still here right this is April and then I'm told that we're going to have a
reading coming out Wednesday for the week these come out every week yeah we get weeklies oh my
god are you kidding me weeklies with the same numbs girls who are like right wears and the sports
nerds which I see a lot of crossover between that oh here's one from another fandom this is the
third incarnation of the fandom a new one the radio audience demands that George be reared the radio
audience like it's an entity like it's answer ofomorphic you know like it the radio audience is a
person Lee is okay but sounds girly aren't you getting offended by all these people see you sound
girly no I don't care you don't care no well that's good because if you're going to if you're
going to be on with this audience keep one thing in mind don't have thin skin it says I prefer
Georgia's manly voice now that's interesting because the people I used to knock Georgia all the time
would say that he he sounded a little gay swishy right yeah it says what's going to happen to the
radio show when you're on summer vacation perhaps the chic or air in summer the chic it says
Norman Elliott Kent should stick to his blue boy magazines now he wants to be well informed and
well compensated in the last contract the last deal with Joe didn't put any money in there for
he did he normal you're the one that made the deal Joe pulled all the strings he pulled back the
tickets everything he could take away he did it including the food from the people in the studio
during lunch hour that of those guys get fed on Thursday they did chicken wings yeah and it sold
out fast you did yeah well thank god that means a whole bunch of people might have been listening maybe
maybe that's how good that show was Wednesday Thursday and Friday maybe we're taking a wrong
altitude about it maybe those guys were fantastic this week we have the 15th Street fisheries
and that means you're going to get fed on Thursday again all right in our new studio
should be thank you told me last week it was going to be Tuesday or Wednesday that's what I
thought and then you know it wasn't going to be Tuesday we're not that it mattered anyway
so what are they doing about the streaming I don't know I'll have to find out I want to say
something that maybe some people might disagree with okay which would be unusual for me this place
is a technical freaking disaster okay that was freaking disaster is there any doubt about that
no is that a debatable point no it is a technical disaster and I don't really quite frankly give a
crap about power 96 or about kiss or about this or that all we care about is what's going on in WQM
that's the place that you know pays us every now and then speaking of pays where's my paycheck
hmm I have no idea whether it's shown up yet because we have this holiday weekend and I have no
idea who to fax about it or who to call about it because I got no phone numbers I got that one
number you gave me now is that the accounting office the fax I'm right gave you was gin pizzy she's
the she's like an IT person she does the interactive stuff she's an IT person well tell her to get
on the internet okay the feed is the streaming is screwed up okay I don't want to start screaming
about the streaming again but at least they're consistent everything is screwed up oh now
and I have some things on the streaming black he says the streaming just went out
welcome back Neil the streaming just went out oh but here's one that says from Steve he says I'm
listening on the internet everything sounds great except with George now gone it's not the same
show still love you Neil please keep up the nice job you're doing thanks it's not easy taking
George's place but I think you'll do just great just hang in there ignore all the haters
Steve and coconut Creek says well he says the streaming's fine okay policies never mind stream is
acting funky but I will live with it thank you policy Paul's not complaining he's not going
nah nah like that of course if we were doing things right we wouldn't have so many people going
nah like that if we knew how to put on a radio program and how to like you know stream it
correctly and I'd have a studio that works and equipment and if that works and I have these
phones oh well the firewall is out the computer IT person the corporate IT is away for at least another
week you know they don't have answers they don't have solutions they have excuses are wizardly
technical people they have excuses now they're working on the streaming maybe but you haven't
spoken to anybody about that no I don't I really don't know who to call about that right now I'll
try course on see what he says oh yeah yeah he should have plenty of spare time to be worried about
that he's having meetings with jolly joe and which they're probably saying well screw that old
fact okay let's take here on power first that's the money maker we can't be bothered working on
the studio forgot it's got a point to share here's one it's it or Eric says the show stream is
just fine see Eric is the one person in the world him and Brandon are the two people I would believe
do you think I would think so oh here's a good one I like this it says when Norma is fully
competent he will be fully compensated it says set your sundial that that's excellent that's
one of the best ones of all time you like it yeah oh here's one it's a sorry to hear about the
numbers from the fake time jica you were on top for a long time how did defo do who gives a
flying crap about defo my god you want to know how defo did first of all it's you can't really tell
you want to know why because they've got three stations all with the same call letters
wft l six to ten a.m. of course this is the eight fifty one not the one he's on he's on six forty
um I'm looking for it there it is they had a zero point two see that
zero point two seems to be a common denominator what's wrong with having a 0.2
was good enough to get said the kid hired over here all over he had a one he had ones
didn't he yeah like a one two or something like that yeah ones of course we like that number two
to four we like ones big oh got a two in there so let's blow him out 11 13 at five sixty wqa m
you mind a wrong hour now you're good well no I got a sput but I'm doing the wrong one oh
because I'm in the wrong hour well you know it's it's difficult after being out way for so long
one moment please oh keep it moving keep it moving keep it compelling that's the word he
used yesterday hmm says you've always been compelling and we have to do that to keep people glued in
because he says what this new research shows is that they're coming and going more rapidly in other
words if you don't keep them tuned in every second they fly away like that yeah you believe that
I don't know were you drudge back in this is I was this new after five grueling spacewalks to fix the
Hubble space telescope the news conference underway right now between astronauts and reporters back
on earth if it true you can see open space no you can't see open from space because you never
goes out the doors when you make a dookey in space what do you do if you get a klingon on your
aim it get it klingon your aim it haha next question hey if you let one rip in your space tube what
happens excellent question is lingers it for ments and when you breathe it in you can see into the
future burrito night on the space shuttle is awesome after that they're going to make an
orbit call for the colleagues on the international space station wow it's 1119 at 560 wdaq am getting
a ton of emails now maybe they were just sitting back waiting to see if we were going to be here today
yeah Paul says it's great to have you back on a radio the streaming sounds fine to me so forget
about the streaming okay that should be our worst problem it's either fine or it's not Eric says
it's fine policies i'm listening to you on a qm site and the stream is just fine when's the
on Thursday shows were good DA took emails but no calls talk was all across the board and not
two sports intensive Paula liked it good she's the one the rest of the audience is almost
universally hostile like that that's unusual ain't it oh yeah
chow's hurt of course so don't is he running around the now now logistically where are where is
our studio compared to where you're sitting now about 10 feet away really yeah it's pretty close
so you you get the vibe of anybody like a whole bunch of people running around scurrying a
scrambling to get that or thing ready i haven't seen any scrambling yet but i'll let you know
uh oh
and here's somebody else with them the complaint about the pool pass over appears twice on your list
to holidays is it because pass over is twice the fun no it's because Charlie b's an idiot
and why don't you mention suckis what about simha stora and all the other ones how we're
gonna put all the Jewish holidays on there what about tissue bove right yeah what about the
Sri lankan holidays still a few of those people on university avenue still a few hang on speaking
of klingons Sri lankans yeah yeah what are you going to do about the tamels getting murdered man
they all ought to be in jail man
edan davis is i'm a 38 year old Hispanic for the record i've never gotten a sample from
arbitrant i've been a lawyer listener since 91 when you run ww idea i always enjoy your show
i was very sorry to find out that find out George got fired because he was a great part of your
show plus he was a great replacement for you when you were on vacation take care of you and i
wanted to thank you for all laughs throughout these years sincerely and well you're welcome ed
no extra charge the price is right here's one from justin
who says you complained about having to basically beg people to do things i eat your
anniversary he says not that i care i will always listen to you but what do you expect when you're
so harsh on people especially your listeners you think i'm harsh on the listeners no the callers
and some of the dumb e-mailers yes the passive people out there the ones with a life or just listening
uh no i'm not harsh on them so harsh on people if you've got a 0.2 i'm a billionaire who
these idiots where these idiots get this crap from and oh yes the streaming is iffy today well
like i said it should be my worst problem maybe we can get over shloi me to uh do something about it
i don't think he's going to come back to cell phone anytime soon after that incident on the beach
mm-hmm remember that oh yeah where she the hooker bit his tongue or something like that she wouldn't let go
yep
next is nice to hear you back on here again last week was very bush league sounded like a bunch of high
school wannabes stepping over each other i had to turn the radio off after a few minutes of these
goofballs did you catch the tributalary king on cnn and over the weekend no i did not
that's why i'm in such a good mood no i did not lots of memories about the old radio days my
me back in the 60s and 70s uh i know they did uh i didn't know they broadcast live from pumpernix
poor pumpernix remember pumpernix no you don't know but that's right your johnny come lately to south
florida you're a west coast guy right pumpernix was like wolfies remember wolfies oh yeah remember the
rascal house yeah there was one right around the corner from my house well pumpernix was another
chain of great deli it was really good they had the pickles on the table you know in the coleslaw
oh like roasters and toasters it says too bad you don't have a real set that can pull together
a montage of your radio history i bet it would be more compelling than watching larry scullator
king stuff take it easy cnick
i got another email here in my pile somewhere about the jimmy syphilis had larian
yeah kissy kissy uh recently um kissy kissy kissy likey likey likey like that you know
no emails on sadano uh taking aim at d a for four hours on friday no oh yeah four hours his whole show
just ripping d a and the funny thing is he was ripping d a in a comment that i made
about what so i had to set it straight i said that you know when we talked about sadano moving
the mornings i said i didn't think the show was that good and i don't think it's gonna make it
well woof i guess i set off a fire over there and they thought d a did today attack
d a for four hours on friday oh my god normal can't
is it just unbelievable you know what that this stuff just doesn't ever end
didn't i didn't i fax you stuff this morning and you give him the joe bill yes that should be
sufficient okay he should be in touch with his people it's science yield and delivered okay it's
done it's done norma i'll send you back an email when you're fully competent
jay says in four lotter day my streaming is great d a was on the other day what is d a stand for
dumbass so he did a whole show on d a doing what he thought that d a was ragging on him so he
spent four hours just ripping d a about the way he does his show and he's got no numbers and he talks
with a list which i've never heard i don't know he's talking talk to the list yeah so that's the guy
you had on yesterday that's screamer yeah a little bit and i didn't get to hear any of it but
i heard that he just torch d a for like four hours that's a show i guess anyway jays says i'm so
glad to hear you again thought i was gonna have to break my radio it was not good they suck
i guess meaning d a whoever else was on with him who else was on well for two days it was
adam Cooperstein oh and for one day it was john linder oh my god
john says i care enough to send my very best in the streaming is just fine see no problem with
the streaming put all your complaining quit with all that wow we're tired of it oh god Neil
last norma can't attorney at law the defense has no fight the questions you don't want to cross
each other in the witness nah then i'd have to get up and you call yourself a lawyer i object
your honor to what i move for a recess you move i'm having a movement your honor and i feel it's my
duty hello i'm normal can't if you're in need of my east-wile services or you need need to draw
but i'm glad contract complete with holes where i cut the paper dolls out call 1-800 what i mean i
got to get up and do something then leave a message and i won't get back to you that's the
more orifices of normal can't see habla aspeniel and port your gays 1131 at five sixty wqa
am i hope he's fully compensated send him some money okay you're gonna send enormous
amount absolutely not why i don't have any i just sent him a caustic message back to jolly joe
wasn't that the first thing i asked you this morning was the facts number so i could facts those
signed papers over to you right and i got it and walked it over to joebell's office so there you
go that should be the end of it norma no moss like i wrote in my email back to him no moss enough
with a crap already okay stop stop counselor if you want to be fully compensated
tims says welcome back tried to listen to your absence tried oh well coincidentally i was
driving through boko when you asked about the reception not terrible but it sounded like someone
was playing hongyari and rapsidies in the background you still have puketics in hallowed the ill
too those lamshanks were to die for take care and beware europe out tim at least also be a
puketics on 125th and bisquain they were all over the place it was a chain of great delis and then
the old old farts put them out of business they you know they kept stealing the pickles and the
rolls and the sweet and low and all that so and the silverware i remember some old fart called me
on i n z one night and i was bitching about them stealing the silverware he said why not
why not and that a good excuse for stealing stuff that doesn't belong to you why not
no these people are barbarians most of them must be dead by now i would think
derl says i'm listening online sound is perfect see that
got a couple of troublemakers out there so there's a little hiccup maybe in the
extreme whatever everybody else is it sounds just fine that should be our biggest problem is
the internet streaming we've got real issues technical issues and i've got norma can't
huck in the middle of the show do not send me any similar emails norma you will not be
not only fully compensated you won't even be slightly compensated
my chanson says well not of them are even close to the quality of your show we even flee show
yesterday the a was not bad it was a definite upgrade over a typical d a show and you could tell
it was actually excited to have an audience in a signal that really worked how do you like that
he was on right in the middle of the day time well he's been on fillin for joman times and also
uh for the big o and mad dog in fact yesterday he did two to five
are you worth that i am because he believed me he relieved you and i want to go into that
yeah it's a long story i wonder they ripped him and asked for four hours sounds a little bit gay to me
oh the fake steve rod and arrow says good morning the on happy to hear you back on the year
i enjoy hearing your words of wisdom it was three out of handful days of wqm radio for the latter
part last week i'm looking forward to some compelling radio now that you're back on the year
perhaps you or your colleague leak and answer a question about the incident in the south beach
involving the mimey dolphin football player keep up the great work steve rod and arrow the fake one
well what's the question yeah Randy starts charged with using his truck to hit a police officer
to try to stop the vehicle on foot he was driving a truck packed with thirteen people early sunday
and heavy traffic police say the vehicle was meant for four people but what's the perhaps you
can answer a question about it i don't know this from a guy who's supposed to be a news guy fake news guy
what's the question okay that's what everybody in the world and listening to your
perspication's email everybody's wondering okay well much a question yeah
much a question much a question steve rondon arrow my ass
kuko says what are they going to do in the summer we're going to get tapes here is going to be
flee on here it's going to be flee in the courtous right yes no tapes no tapes or we are sure
to promise and sworn on a stack of bibles that there will be no tapes yes we were good
you know what that means probably tapes yeah no tapes no friggin tapes this summer or ever
i've normally got my email response because i'm just nauseous from this already okay it's all over
okay we're on the air we're moving forward and that's it life goes on everything's been done
according to hoi all he wants to be fully informed and fully compensated while i sent him a thing
let me see if it it went through yeah and i wrote at the end of it no moss no moss okay
no more shrieking and yelling and trying and carrying on enough already
if you want to be fully compensated Richard in orman by the sea says welcome back
neil it was like a breath of fresh air to hear your back on a radio the a seem like a nice enough guy
when i listen for while i'm Wednesday but he's no george and certainly no neil the short time i
listen on the days you were out seemed like a show without a purpose in no direction kind of like
this one yeah sort of like most of qms daily schedule he says come on Richard
jason says welcome back i don't understand why you can't talk about what happened it was all
over the heraldon channel four here in my army well that's good then you should know all the answers
flea does sound like a six year old little girl does he wear his hair in pigtails
says jason do you wear your hair in pigtail not yet well when you start it's not long enough
you have been i'm trying could add to your image sir ponytail of a flea
whoever saw a flea with a ponytail anyway mark says went to visit george at the hard rock have a
still haven't heard from george this morning nothing yeah had a chance to thank him in person i
tried calling phone numbers listed on the wqm website to find out details of the going away party
each attempt led to recording that the number of reach is not in service and that's because we're
in the new building now we got a whole new bunch of new numbers but nobody will tell me what they are
if you got a list of all the numbers like the bat line and the stuff i'm going to fact you a complete
directory really yeah won't that be sweet says once i got there and waited my turn i asked him if
he was doing okay he said that it looked as if everything will turn out fine george was gracious
and fronley i noticed that he's on the air of what he seems different in person doesn't everybody's
you know anybody who sounds in person like they do on a year no our conversation was interrupted
by his bladder and he abruptly ran off in search of the toilet he said i've been drinking beer all day
thank you again the offer adding your daily soundtrack to the bizarre film known as south florida
it's great to have you back got her one i'm tripling a massive joy says mark p s please say hi to
tinkerbell for me blackie says good morning meal glad to have you back on the year i don't need to
hear why they took you off just happy to hear you do a great show keep up the good work hope your
impromptu vacation was a blast no it was not a blast it was filled with phone calls and
this and that and emails and bap bap bap bap bap bap bap like that was not a blast no
would you find out about my paycheck when did they send it out nothing yet i'll find out
his clearance there as he working today or so you got another one of his four thousand days on
he's here all this week and then he goes on his honeymoon he'll be gone for two weeks oh my god
and they're pitching about me missing sick days in april which i got told that by your buddy
Joe again yesterday with you know the survey in april was only 20 days you were out sick at him yeah and
and
and
Brandon says it's good to have you back i tried to be a good support and listen to
just a little bit of the age during those three days and there was a lot of ask kissing but it's
not something i could listen to on a regular basis is that what you said it was mostly when's
they ask kissing big time no wonder i felt like i had bleeding hemorrhoids and i listened to a
little bit of the flee yesterday and well it's good to have you back that sounds like a shot to me
little bit so as member of the story i sent you the same thing happened to channel seven and their
ratings they lost over 50% of their ratings overnight when the switch happened when we lost
like 99% of our rating overnight the new rating system blows some serious chunks it says that is
correct and now if you say anything about it's like oh gee now he's crying you step great ratings
and the rating system was great and now he's got a point two and it's their system their system
blows now so tomorrow we get more numbers right we get the first week in may tomorrow
got it yeah why is it that every once in a while if i feel like you've vanished i don't
sometimes there's people walking in and out of the studio get them out of there hey get out of here
who's in there uh some smindrick which one no one of my guys one of the promotions guys
get them out of there okay get out of there smindrick
john if we're a lot of dalsers welcome back me like didn't want to email unless until i was sure
you were going to be on it was horrible while you were away d.a. is pond was i don't know what was
going on yesterday yesterday was fleeing some fruitcake since i didn't have a radio aspire report
from last week jimmy syphilis had larry king on king was peddling his new book uh-huh what a
suck fest it says jimmy was larry's favorite dolphin syphilis was heaping praise on king of course
there was no mention of the lowly fifty dollars days of course not when you have a suck fest you
don't bring up embarrassing things like that right right right and especially when you're a
suck whole like jimmy syphilis i just i cannot believe the email i just got from norma can't the one
i read moments ago it's all done norma it's all done get up to date if you want to be fully compensated
get up to date and get off my back get off my big fat jewish ass god he is among other
things annoying you know what i mean by that yeah oh Susan Moore get rid of pain for less
she wants to pedal me some drugs i'm looking to see if there's a follow up on here from normal which
there is not just to keep everybody informed as part of the ongoing soap opera oh my god your breath
so beautiful
if you like food to life yes I like food to life
food to life I like food to life really like food to life
food to life food for life what to life
food to life food to life
If I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had
long, if I have long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, if I had long, this would be a good day.
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
I'm going to be a jack-a-rock, but a jack-a-rock,
ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE.
ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE.
Ok, 12 minutes before noon at 5.60.WQAM,
So I got a follow-up email from Norman Cant,
and one of the things he said among a bunch of other crap was,
he didn't want to deal with that fully-compensated number again,
And well, guess what?
You shouldn't have said it in the first place.
He wants to be kept fully informed and fully compensated.
He said, at which point I almost took my blackberry, just smashed it on the ground, which
would have been a bad mistake.
Do you ever do that?
I threw it in a fire once.
Did you really?
Yeah.
And it blows up just so you know, in case you ever do that.
I don't have a fireplace.
Let's get because the battery will explode.
And what kind of a fire?
It was a bonfire.
Well, bonfire.
Yeah.
And the battery blew up?
Yeah.
Not a good move.
No, like when you're making the big bucks like you are.
Yeah.
Hot lava plastic went flying everywhere.
Now how did you survive losing the money last three days, last week from doing the show?
Here's one from somebody again with a phone number but no name.
Neil, Bubba was talking about you Wednesday.
He said you were in the top five of Radio Kings.
He defended you a little bit too.
Well, what we do.
I'm so sick and tired of hearing about Bubba looking my Tushy, okay?
What's that all about?
He said the fact he's trying to suck up to my non-existent audience that I used to have.
Yeah, I don't know.
It sure worked well for both of us in this last rating, didn't it?
He dropped from a 7-something 18-34-mendual, what a 1-6.
Yeah, something like that.
And 25-54 we dropped from a 6.7 to a 0.2.
0.2.
And see, it's one thing about me.
I don't lie about the numbers.
Over the years, I give you when the ratings come out, I give them to you.
And whatever they are, they are.
Unlike some goofballs on the year that lie about their numbers,
oh, we kicked ass, we did this, all this other crap.
Said, I'm sorry.
So anyway, I've got one here.
It says, caught the end of flea show yesterday when he challenged the downhurt to a fight.
I'm pretty sure the downhurt is a big martial arts guy, so be careful, flea, it says.
Okay.
You challenged into a fight?
Sure, why not, opportunity?
About what?
I'll box him.
I don't care.
If he's got a problem with me.
He's got a problem with you, too?
I think so.
I thought his problem was with DA.
Well, I think that was directed in the wrong way.
I think he meant to send that towards me, but he got confused.
What?
I think that what happened was a listener called and said, hey, the guy over there is ragged on you saying this, saying that.
And when he tuned in, he made the DA, right, but it was DA on Wednesday.
And so he probably assumed that it was DA that was saying the things about him instead of me.
And again, none of it was personal.
All I said was it.
I don't like to show it.
I don't think it's going to make it in morning drive.
Right.
It sucks.
Even the people who work over there saying that morning show blows.
That's the scuttle about that I'm getting along with the fact that Sid is coming over here on September 26th, two to four.
Hmm.
Darryl says, I'm listening online.
Sound is perfect.
Well, thanks, Darryl.
We need a lot more emails like that saying, hey, it sounds just fine.
There's no problem.
We've got enough technical service already without people in vinegar.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Or without people taking a couple little hiccups on you, a streaming.
You know, the streaming is, it is what it is.
The price is right.
It cost you nothing.
And like I said, we've got more people listening allegedly on our stats on the streaming than according to the a new rating thing.
Then we actually have listening all together in town and Dayton-Broward.
Anybody believe that?
No.
No.
I think a whole bunch of people need to sue their ass and already they are.
They're suing arbitrarom like crazy.
New York, Philly, all over Houston.
Sue and their dumb ass.
Isn't that DA?
Hmm.
Josie in homestead says, thank God you're back.
Nothing against lender DA or Cooperstein, but no one except for George could fit your shoes.
These guys rambled on for hours about cheat beer and grab ass in their college days.
It would have been better to hear a guilty or the bit feed my feed back in my headphones.
I think that's eight sounds you're talking about.
Yeah.
Feed back in my headphones.
Well, there's some feedback.
Welcome back and score big on the ratings you're the best new.
Well, thanks Josie in homestead, but we're not going to be scoring big on the ratings anytime in the next year I would say.
How long do they keep the same people on there?
Well, the same person can stay in the panel for up to two years, but they say that they're average.
Yeah, they're averaging around a 10% turnover each month.
So we could be stuck with this group of lifeless group balls for two years in theory.
Who don't listen to this show?
Who don't like this show?
People listen to Joe did good in the morning.
He had a 3.2, I think.
I was remiss.
I didn't give the numbers for the rest of the day.
I was remiss.
I was selfish.
Let's see.
What do we get?
6 to 10 a.m.
N25 to 54.
We had a 3.2.
That was little dog.
Joe did just fine.
Unfortunately, those people most of them didn't stick around for this show when we had a 0.2.
And then the afternoon we had a 2.0 from 3 to 7.
Now what do they have in the morning across the street?
6 to 10 a.m.
Right now?
2.4.
Yeah.
Well, that was in April.
That was the, that was said, right?
Yeah, that was still said.
Oh, 2.4.
That's a big number for you, Sid.
Wow.
And what do they have in mid-day?
They kicked our ass.
Of course, everybody did.
They had a 2.2.
We had a 0.2.
They had a 2.2.
And the afternoon?
Sedona.
What?
Or Sedona kicked our ass.
Yeah.
Big deal.
3.1 in the afternoon and we had a 2.0.
A 2.0.
See, our morning and afternoon drive numbers were, they fell out.
About what were you expecting to be?
In line with the recent ratings books.
But with us, we're supposed to believe in the month of April.
Oh, geez, we all, we hate Neil now.
We don't want any part of that show.
They all ran away.
They all turned on us.
And then, of course, in May, now the George God came
and all this other fall to all that's been going on,
which I don't want any more emails about Norma.
Leave me alone.
I'm in the middle of trying to do a radio show.
Flea is like an orphan looking for a home for a studio.
Norma says, you think I would have sent you that email
if Joyce had not already done that, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep.
You think I really wanted to deal with that, not fully compensated event again?
I don't care whether you wanted to deal with or not.
Don't say it.
Then it says, I love you too, Norma.
See, last night on the phone, he told me he knows it's stick
and doesn't bother him.
It bothers him.
It bothers him, and I'm saying, I'm not saying Norma can't
is the best attorney in the history of mankind.
Norma Kent, Norman Elliott Kent, is the greatest attorney
and the greatest legal mind in history.
I say that with a straight face and an all-do seriousness.
When you agree?
The best.
You got any legal, serious call of normal.
By the way, make sure he's fully compensated too.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12-to-1 hour on QAM.
5.60, 360.
Where to go, what to do, how to get there, and why?
Join WQAM at the George Radrigus,
F.A.G. Burning Rally.
This Saturday night in Needle Park.
Everyone will get lots of blue exegies of George
to set on fire in the name of Format Purity.
Then join WQAM at Ziplossoos STD PAFAY.
Surround yourself with manly friends and false heteroconfidence
as you gaze upon hot chicks who both barter for cool QAM rising.
Then wrap up the evening by joining WQAM
at one-eyed willies and wolf manners.
Not back a few strawberry cosmos while watching ESPN in 3D.
Reach around for lots of cool side-reviewed fun.
Okay, 12 noon at 5.60 WQAM.
How is he doing, chicken neck? Is he doing okay?
Is some Friday at the party?
Yeah, he's seen fine.
Was he crying? Was he, maaaah, I need money, I'm starving.
Was he doing that routine?
No, he was in a good mood.
Good. Did it over Shloy me show up?
I don't think so.
With his a slap chop?
Did he say you're low?
You're gonna love my nuts?
No, but I didn't hear that at all that night.
No, that's in the spot.
I know, it's great.
Is it?
Now you're starting to sound really gay.
Like some of the people who are saying, well,
Stephen Kendall says, I listened on Thursday when D.A.
and I think Adam Cooperstein filled in.
Who is this Adam Cooperstein? Who is this guy?
He's a sports guy from NBC.
Oh my God, from Channel 6?
Yes.
Why can't you say Channel 6? Why do we always have to do this NBC 6 and CBS 4?
What is that crap? He's the guy from Channel 6.
It was torturous. Even Dick Cheney wouldn't have approved to Steve.
Despite Adam several attempts to keep away from sports,
D.A. was unable to do a talk show without constantly referring back to some
ponderous sports topic.
Well, there's some confusion then because Adam wasn't on Thursday.
He was on Wednesday and Friday.
It says, oh.
Yeah. John Lender was on Thursday.
It was his FDA. It was handicapped.
And I felt sorry for him. The show was extremely excruciating.
Extremely extraordinarily excruciating.
Yesterday, Flea attempted to sound perspicacious and educated on various topics.
Are you perspicacious and educated?
I don't know what that means.
But I couldn't pull it off.
He couldn't pull it off.
He's a poor substitute for George.
That religious guy, Flea, was ridiculous.
Not in a good way.
His voice was chic like and the show was at times painful to hear.
The religious guy, Flea, you're religious?
I know.
What does that mean?
Not here.
I'll listen to the Flea show when you're gone.
There's nothing else on, but please, please educate yourself before discussing the topic.
It also wouldn't hurt to start reading books that don't have pictures on them.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, not another message from Norma.
Stop already.
I said, no, stop.
Or else you will not be fully compensated.
If you send me one more email in the middle of my show about Kaka, nothing surprises me about this place or about these people.
Nothing surprises me.
They are incompetent is what they are, and especially technically irresponsible and competent.
The fact that we got no studio, I mean, here it is.
This is the second week that we're supposed to be broadcasting from our new studios,
which we're supposed to be the number one priority in this again and this thing going.
And we don't have any.
You can't complain about our new studios because we don't have any.
And the phone and those other issues.
Keith says we missed you.
Flea is gay-ee, G-A-Y-E-E.
Gay-ee.
Not gay, but gay-ee with two easy things in the end of it.
I think his voice sounds like my granny.
Wow.
Maybe it's a new pool we drum up says, Keith.
What is Flea's voice sound most like?
Choices an old lady, a piglet, Winnie the Pooh, Hallmark card lady, Matthew Broderick, etc.
And that's it.
It's just Keith.
Derek says, Savannah also said on Friday that he killed you in the ratings in their target demo.
He said they had a three something, you had a point three.
They had a two two, we had a point two.
Yeah, so they did the new methodology, which obviously is bogus at best.
They finally got a kiss, okay?
And he's touting that.
How about all the previous weeks and months and years?
How about all of those?
Jorge Siddano.
He's an ass clown, I think.
You think I'm right?
Yes.
I think you ought to beat the crap out of him.
Are you serious about that?
You want to do a boxing match for charity with George Siddano?
I'll do it.
Why do you want to publicize them?
Why do you want to give them any publicity?
Well, according to the ratings, they're ahead of us anyway.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
They're kicking our ass.
It's just a coincidence that it's only in the new methodology, the new highly flawed.
We're getting sued by everybody arbitrarian methodology, which I can't say what they call it on a year.
But, I'm sure a hell of a lot of stuff we can't say on a year, isn't it?
The fandom informer says sorry to say after the latest events, real radio in Orlando was no longer interested in your show.
Oh, after the latest events, I find it interesting that Joe Bell used the word compelling.
Could he be the infamous chronic email or Mr. Radio?
No, whoever this is is the infamous chronic Mr. Radio.
And real radio Orlando never was interested.
How do you like that, schmuck?
Or are they ever going to be?
Keep channel, which by the way is on the verge of going out of business.
They're on the verge of bankruptcy.
Do you know that?
Makes sense.
Couldn't happen a nicer, more deserving people.
I agree.
Keep channel.
Broadcast assassins, butchers, murderers, liars, grave robbers, thieves,
debees, sbs.
The real Rocky says welcome back, I'm calling.
It's good to hear you back on the year.
A buddy and I went to the heart rock to wish George the best and thank him for all the years of entertainment.
By the time we got there around six, it appeared to be more of a private party.
There were a lot of people there and George looked like he was having a great time.
When it comes to the ratings crap, I'm on the road all the time and I would say seven out of ten delivery drivers have your show on.
I've received one rating book and all the time listening to my radio and none of my friends have ever received one.
Says the real Rocky.
How do you like that?
Although I like those diaries a lot.
I say let's go back to them, don't you?
Yeah.
Justin says I hate power 96 and the day they shot off their transmitters the day I will dance naked down US one.
And O'Neill, what do you think about Jolly, Jack, S. Joe Bell playing Russian roulette?
I'm all for it.
Says no major loss.
You really expect people in your audience to like holidays, they hate everything else.
Wonder what life must be for them if they have no life.
Says Justin Hoki, then he says.
Feel good.
Whatever that's all about.
I have no life.
That's his like, I don't know, like 400th email today and he's talking about other people having no life.
Come on Justin, get a search party.
Christmas 131 Thanksgiving 126 I hate holidays 100.
We've got 545 votes and 100 people say they hate holidays.
So I guess they don't have a job because if you have a job you got to like holidays.
Right, you got to love them.
Yeah.
Here's one that says from Kimberly, I thought I'd tune in at 10 o'clock here, Cooperstein and DA for about 10 minutes and then try the next day and finally give up last week.
Any chance of adding a stream or some other feed so we can see you in the studio and you can hold up stuff on camera?
No.
Please not let he's being made to do your show.
I think he detracts from the show and adds nothing at most.
A friend went to Hooters to get Marlon tickets and the black guy named Ben was there just sitting there at a table telling everybody they're all gone.
What a promotion run of the same time as Georgia's party was.
Did you have a promotion going on the same time as Georgia's party?
No.
How's the Dow? I don't, the Dow's up 160 points.
It rained all weekend so I saw that Smithsonian movie.
It was okay, not great, but a large man threw himself in the seat in front of me and the seat went backwards and slammed into my knee.
I think he was drunk.
Then I rented Paul Blart Mall Cop, which was just as good.
Who had big numbers?
Norm gets to too much ear time since Kimberly.
Well, if Norm would stop emailing me, Norm wouldn't get any.
Although I did take the time to tell you that story about the fully compensated and I think it was well worth a while.
Right?
Yeah.
Oh, here you go.
Here's one.
And it says no name.
Isn't that always a good starter?
Oh, yeah.
Is there any point from no name?
Ron from Miami says this piece of crap town knows nothing about sports.
Nobody wants to go to little green, little green teeth of an a town for baseball game.
There's some other word in there, but I can't, it's chopped off. You know how that works?
Yeah.
Well, we'll see.
They're going to spend all your tax dollars in Dave County.
Better you than me.
I, my home is in Broward.
No name says how does the host of a radio show of your caliber?
You mean the point to not be able to choose their own producer sidekick for that show?
How does that look for a future town that WQM wants to recruit?
It says, hillbilly Joe Bell single handedly is trying to destroy your show breaking off one arm at a time.
His objective to read you and your show of the area and draw more audience to the right wing agenda of Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh not far from your dial.
Stay on the air until you croak on the arena matter what knew you can always.
Something hillbilly Joe you can be out.
Oh, out last you can be interior Shabo state and talk out of your tube.
Don't talk to or allow fleet to talk and if he doesn't have any money that maybe he should ask Jolly Joe for some instead of working for free.
The a needs to go away or at least remove the mouthguard from his mouth when he speaks and Adam Pupris needs to take his lips off Joe roses.
I can't say the word.
And I sure I'm sure I'm not going to say it.
Because if I said it you'd have to do something about it.
Right Joe Rose's part.
Chris says if you were wondering and probably weren't Joe Bell left me alone.
Keep up the good work and when does flea get his own email address. Oh, this is Chris from FSU.
Oh, yeah, the seaward guy.
Yeah.
Well, finally I guess he got Joe off his ass.
My favorite holiday is Christmas 131 Thanksgiving 126 very, very close nip and tuck.
What's the difference beside the fact that Thanksgiving we don't give gifts?
No, no.
Don't they go and meet the same like turkey and ham and stuff on Thanksgiving and on Christmas?
I would think so.
What do you mean you would think so?
You don't know from the go.
I haven't been over everybody's house for Thanksgiving.
I hate holidays 101.
Ham.
Ham with what's that stuff they shmere on it?
On ham?
Yeah, on ham when they slice the ham they put what do they put on it?
cranberry sauce?
No cranberry sauce on ham.
I don't know.
I just put mustard on ham.
Oh yeah, like on a ham sandwich.
Honey baked ham with little mustard.
That'd be good.
Ham and Swiss.
I'm going to make some Chinese during the break.
Really?
Well, I've got some from yesterday from last night.
I ordered a delivery.
And of course I couldn't eat at all.
So I'm going to like, yeah, put some on a plate and nuke it.
That's nice.
What?
And then I'll eat on the air.
We can get that point two down to a point one or maybe a point point.
Oh, oh, oh.
Yeah.
Maybe that's why they put D.A. on last week.
They figured he's got a point.
Oh.
So, you know, he can't be unfamiliar or uncomfortable with an 0.2.
April, the whole Neo-Rodger's audience vanishes.
They disappear.
And that's something about the sports crew.
You know, I haven't had one email about the movie The Neighbor with Rod Stiger.
You think nobody has seen it?
I don't know.
It's a really excellent movie.
Scary.
Neo-God.
If you will miss this thing to 560 in between 10 and 2, you miss this.
I 81 degrees.
Winds.
East.
South.
East.
At 10 to 20 miles per hour.
Chance of rain.
60%.
Two night.
Variable.
Clouds.
Quits scattered.
Under storms.
0.73 degrees.
Winds.
East.
At 10 to 20.
Chance of rain.
60%.
And for a humorous note, do you believe the size of the breasts they put on mannequins?
Uh-uh.
560 WQA.
The weather.
Right.
Maybe that's the new format.
What do you think?
I like it.
So I'm having a little mushroom-makeful young.
That sounds good.
It's okay.
It's made in a very peculiar way.
It's got all these strands of Chinese vegetables.
Like bamboo shoots.
Oh, I'm not eating on the air again.
Am I just bad?
Uh-oh.
Here's one from Mr. Highlight.
You know Mr. Highlight?
No.
I don't either.
Welcome back, Uncle Lee.
I hope you didn't lose your ass of woodbind during your many vacation.
I actually did not.
On the 2 cent quick hit, I got 7 quick hits, 1167 bucks.
Not too bad, huh?
You ever play quick hit?
No.
You're not a slot-sky at all, are you?
At all.
No.
I play Blackjack.
Well, that's more manly, you know.
Here it says, please sounds like my 12-year-old son.
And please tell Mary at the holiday and she's a sell-up.
Well, Mr. Highlight has got some issues.
Surely, Jan, you know, she's the lady that gave George the money to Gulf Stream that one day?
Remember?
Mm-hmm.
She gave George a bag of money.
She says the alien tapes were better.
I guess we've heard the last Wednesday, too, Friday.
Yeah.
I guess.
Or maybe yesterday, I don't know.
Could have been.
I don't know, surely.
Be more specific.
Oh, guess who died?
Who?
Robert Furchcott.
Careful, I say that now.
Yeah.
Scientists who want to share the Nobel Prize and whose work helped lead to the development of Viagra died, it was 92.
You know, something?
92 is old enough for anybody.
But in his case, I'm going to, I would like to dance on his grave only because of all those damn spam emails I get.
You get a whole bunch of them too.
Oh, all the time.
God.
A million a day.
Some day I'll be thicker than wider.
Huh?
Some day I'll be thicker and wider.
I don't want to hear about it.
Oh, the real Adam Kirschner says.
This is funny.
Okay.
Let me print it out.
It's about James Crystal Radio.
James, the words James Crystal on radio in the same sentence are like an oxymoron.
Wouldn't you agree?
Yes.
James Crystal Radio.
That's Norma's buddies over there.
Light bulb light.
Don't be talking with your mouthful now.
I got a whole bunch of this stuff.
I didn't heat it up long enough though.
So Adam Kirschner says, sorry to hear about the ratings.
WQM has run its course, but the answer is certainly not James Crystal Radio.
They can't afford a new bottle of water in their water cooler.
No less than a salary you would command.
How are they able to move in the new studios is beyond anyone unless the old landlord who they would back rent to.
Simply padlocked the door thus.
Forcing James Crystal to move.
And I guess Radio's king snake in the grass, Steve Lampa, promised his new landlord the moon and won't even up paying a grain of sand until the new landlord gets the padlock out.
And then there are the tons of lawsuits against James Crystal that have kept the owner James Hildred out of the country and dodging the sheriff.
Norma can't once did a pathetic show at JC and then Lampa threw him off here.
I didn't know that.
Oh, that's right.
He was on 850, you know, briefly, for about five minutes.
Can we not talk about Norma can't today?
Because then he'll start emailing me again.
I have no problem.
Whatever you want to say, but he'll start emailing.
Unknowingly.
And then he'll want to be fully compensated for his time.
What do you what are you smirkling about?
Because that was just a crazy email that he sent.
No, it wasn't an email.
It was a comment during a phone call.
Oh, okay.
It was actually hearing his voice saying it.
He wants to be kept fully informed and fully compensated.
Was that an attempt at humor?
No.
Well, he was dead.
He claimed last night that he was just kidding.
Squeezing for money.
There are fewer things in life worse than people squeezing you for money.
And of course the big box you're making.
Well, you're on doing.
Yeah.
You're the one who agreed to do this for free.
That's true.
I could be sitting at home doing nothing for free.
If you would have said no, I want a hundred grand a year to do Georgia's job.
Georgia still have a job.
Oh, sure.
Well, how does that thing fit?
How does that news fit around your neck?
Tight?
Yeah.
Don't forget that list of phone numbers tomorrow.
All in a T today?
Well, you're really?
Yeah.
As soon as the show goes on.
Wow.
Frankie and South Carolina says I was just in Miami.
You can't complain about the signal of QA.
I'm there isn't one.
I think that would be high in a priority list for management.
But then again, what do I know?
I think you should come out with bumper stickers that can be a new way of checking out the ratings.
Center flee out to Biscayne Boulevard.
Having count the number of stickers he sees.
Let us know what corner he's on so we can give him a little scare.
Frankie says I don't like flee.
He seems a little shifty eyed.
One of those two faced guys in radio and not to mention he couldn't do an entertaining show to save his life.
Hope you survive this new ratings fiasco.
Sounds like a raw deal.
Says Frankie, I'll survive Frankie.
I'm a survivor.
Yeah, this is talk about stealing old material.
Somebody sends me this on the doctor who helped develop Viagra.
I heard they weren't able to close the casket.
A Tisket, a task that they couldn't close his casket.
Likely story.
You know how old that is?
Yeah.
Older than Methuselah.
Even Eddie Cantor wouldn't use that joke.
No Eddie Cantor?
Not really.
With the buggy eyes?
See that's one of the good things about being old.
As you remember a whole bunch of crap and all you young whippersnappers, you don't know from it.
Eddie and I to Cantor.
If you knew Susie like, oh my god.
Was he a teller or what?
No.
Well, I've just stimulated my appetite.
I'm going to go make during this next break a whole bunch more.
Mushroom Egg Fuyang.
You like Egg Fuyang?
Yeah, it's good.
I bet it's good for you too.
Anyway, getting back to Robert Furchcott who helped lead the development of Viagra.
His daughter, Susan Furchcott, confirmed in the New York Times the pharmacologist died in Seattle last Tuesday.
He worked with a gas tank.
He placed nitric oxide which led to new research in cardiovascular functions.
Nitric oxide have been known as a pollutant that contributed to smog and acid, acid rain.
But researched by Furchcott and others found it was an important signal in the cardiovascular system,
mediating blood pressure and blood flow.
The scientists were awarded the Nobel Prize 98 for providing the first proof that a gas can perform
important biochemical functions in the body.
Oh, I've got some good gas sounds for them that we can't play.
The discovery of the ability of nitric oxide to enlarge blood vessels was affected in the development of the anti-impotency drug viagra by Pfizer Inc.
Furchcott who was born in Charleston, South Carolina earned a chemistry degree from University of North Carolina
and a doctorate in biochemistry from Northwestern University.
He taught and researched at Cornell, Washington University, and soon downstate.
And now, at the age of 92, he's dead.
No more popping pills.
There must be an awful lot of limp guys out there because with all these, all these damn spam emails we all get,
they must be selling it to somebody.
Oh, yeah.
Soft sea alas, hard sea alas, mediocre sea alas.
Oh, there's Sonya Sodomair, your new Supreme Court Justice.
You'll get inspired by the achievement of our founding father.
A Hispanic woman.
Do you think that the Republicans are going to have the co-hones to vote against her?
I don't think so.
No way.
They've only got like about 50 people left for them anyway.
And they all listen to IOD by the way.
Isn't that pathetic? Right wing talk?
Mm-hmm.
What does it tell you about this market?
At a time when Obama and the Democrats won the elections by a landslide last November,
and in South Florida, right wing talk is still going strong, man.
Come and Easter, come and Easter, come and Easter.
Better you than me.
How are David's a bitch?
Absolutely.
He's been broke by an engineer at the Uretings and Dianne and Howe.
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass said I was to your hand-how.
You can fight somebody good enough to fill my piggy pants.
It ain't easy.
Very no chance I'll ever be coming back.
Outside if you'd said to bring a lucrative and counteract.
If you want to know when it will save you from shutting that transmitted to the ground or something.
Why? That's easy.
Sure.
All you need is smoke.
Don't get the whole world.
What you need is smoke.
Left out of the way.
What you need is a show.
It's a joke, bro.
I'm so serious.
You're a joke.
I mean, if you're on three plots, only that you didn't.
You're a joke.
I said my ratings have bottomed out in this chain.
What radio has to rebound me?
I'm the biggest of all ones.
And we did.
That's it.
All you need is smoke.
Now take it into your room.
All you need is smoke.
And the world needs to be great.
All you need is a show.
It's a joke, bro.
What you need is smoke.
Don't get the whole world excited.
You can fight away something.
You can't get the whole world excited.
You can't get it.
You see?
Where are you going to go?
Fire me?
What we need to hear is a lot more about not...
What did you hear that?
What was that?
There was a little trailer sound there.
I don't think I ever heard that one before.
Kind of like an off-beat version of that.
Here is the email of the century from Paul Castanova.
The real one?
Really?
Yeah.
Well, it's on there.
They have like a logo for their show, you know?
Have a Hectic Day, Yadi Yadi with their...
Right.
After the ratings results,
Claire Channel had been moving forward with Simon Casting
their show within the state.
Two stations in the keys, then Tampa and Orlando as well.
Already here, your show died.
You had a good run.
We have the ratings participants in our back pocket.
But you didn't hear it from me.
Says Paul Castanova.
How do you like that?
Hmm.
We didn't hear it from them.
But the team channel has the new rating system participants in their back pocket.
Maybe that explains why IOD did so well and big did so well.
And all the team channel stations did so well.
Even INZ with their sports format finally showed up a little bit.
Not big, but a little something, something.
Let me get those ratings out again.
Let's see, 6 to 10 AM, 2554, WINZ, a 0.2.
Oh, that's a bad number, a 0.2.
We can relate to it.
Midday WINZ, do they show up at all?
Like I said, they didn't do much.
I don't see them on here at all.
Oh, yeah, here they are.
0.4.
Hmm.
Double our audience.
Afternoon dive.
WINZ, all sports 0.2.
Like I said, not too exciting.
But the appolices that the chief channel has got the participants in the new rating system in their back pocket.
Sure look like it.
Yeah.
Sounds like cost for investigation to me, Polly.
It really stinks really, really bad.
I'm saving this one.
I'm going to frame it.
Don't tell me we're done with the emails.
I got old ones from last week when we weren't on.
And I got this thing about in France, they're suing the Churches Scientology that have taken them to court.
I had more eggful young, mushroom eggful young there during the break.
Oh, yeah.
And you know what I'm going to do during the next break?
Joyce.
No, I have a little more.
Oh, come on.
I'm not that, my body isn't that sensitive.
I guess when you get to be a certain age, you eat a meal and right away you're, you got to make a run, you know.
I think that's healthy though.
Is it really?
I think so.
Oh, that's right.
You went to that vegetarian crap.
Well, eggful young is, but it's mushroom.
Yeah, it's good.
There's no meat in it at all.
Now, what inspired you?
How long you been doing that crap?
Oh, it's a long story, but it'll be eight years in October.
Eight years, you haven't eaten any meat.
Right.
And what was I asking you about before?
Pork chops or some of them?
Ham.
That's right.
What do you know about ham when you were vegetarian?
Well, I used to eat it.
I know it's good.
It's trache.
Puerto Rican Ralph says glad to hear you back.
These clowns were nothing.
Could not even carry your jockstrap or granny panties.
On the new nominee, Puerto Rican from the Bronx.
Iliana Rosanna Dana was on the news talking smack about the new person.
And that they were going to talk to Mel Martinez.
He was unavailable for comment.
So happy to hear your return, even if for Yadi, I, okay.
Whatever you say, Ralph.
Since when did TBS turn into the new UPN once paid or Pablo wants?
What's that got to do with us?
You know anything about that?
No.
Since when did TBS turn into the new UPN?
I don't know nothing about it and I could care less.
All you people have watched these stale cable channels for a crime out loud stale.
I wonder how those horse racing shows really helped us too during April.
Did we do a bunch of them during April?
Um, I don't know.
No?
We did not?
Well, there's season ended in April.
So maybe maybe one.
One or two.
We need a lot more hockey talk.
From high 80s, he came back as an assistant coach with the Rangers.
He said it just wasn't the same.
I mean, this was a guy who coached with emotion ranges.
How the Rangers doing?
They still in the playoffs or what?
They still out like the Leafs and the Panthers?
Ranges.
A lot more hockey talk.
That should get us back into what really compelling.
Toronto is there.
We're trying to get a change there.
Toronto and Hamilton, A.H.L.
Baby, now we're talking a big stuff.
Compelling.
That's what your buddy says.
You have to be really compelling.
Wouldn't it be something if this whole thing is rigged in that cheap channel?
Really does have these people all in their back pocket like Castron over says?
Maybe that's why they got a 12.5 share over there in the morning.
Is anybody in the world believe A that they got a 12.5 in the morning over there?
That we had a point two in the midday?
Anybody believe either one of those numbers?
No.
Well, I know there's a big standoff for team the people that do the ratings and clear channel.
Right before we went to the new system here.
There was a standoff.
There was some kind of standoff where clear channel was not going to what they say encode.
There are markets 50 and below, which is a lot of stations for them.
Unless Arbitron did something and I don't know, but they got it resolved at the last minute.
Unless what Arbitron fixed the numbers for them for their shows?
I don't know about that, but they did something that made them happy.
I see. Well, Castron over says we have the participants in our back pocket,
but don't you didn't hear it from me.
That must be why he sent me the email on their letterhead thing, you know, on their logo.
You didn't hear it from me as if I wasn't going to read that.
Sure we're going to read it.
And we're going to investigate it and we're going to sue a bunch of people is what we're going to do.
Flea is going to do it. First, he's going to fight.
Sedano out on the corner of 441 and I was very rude.
Gonna have a pugilistic match out there on the corner.
And then Flea is going to go to the Supreme Court.
Surely Yance is I'll be more specific.
If you're not there, I'd rather listen to Ali on tapes.
tapes I turned it off on Wednesday.
As soon as I hear this is Flea, the radio is off.
Oh, no. Wow.
You chased poor Shirley with that nice lady Shirley Yance.
I'm going to make more of an evil young.
Sounds good.
It's not bad for you. It's not fattening.
Got no meat in it.
And it's filling.
And I think Chinese food is mostly kosher too, wouldn't you think?
A lot of Jewish people eat it. I know that.
If it's not kosher, it's at least halal.
Oh, no.
You're listening.
Push that off the next.
Hi guys and gals.
I'm Alaska Governor Sarah Pielin.
When I'm not shooting Carabou from a helicopter hovering 50 feet off the ground.
I'm a 44 year old wife, mother and future grandmother of an illegitimate child conceived out of wedlock.
But I'm also an endorser.
And I'm here today to tell you folks about an exciting new perfume for you gals out there.
It's called Pena Costo perfume.
Naga laga. Naga laga laga.
Naga laga laga.
I'm just practice. I no longer associate myself with due to its controversial nature.
Pena Costo perfume will make you smell divine.
And make you speak in tongue. Naga naga. Naga naga.
Naga naga.
It's perfect for all occasions.
Whether you're hunting or running or taking a field trip to the nuclear plant.
Gosh darn it. This is a fragrance for all you gals.
Other perfumes just pale in comparison.
I'm Sarah Pielin and I approve this fragrance.
Naga naga. Naga naga.
Naga naga.
1244, 16 to 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
Here's Enrique says I got the TBS joke earlier.
It's because they've got so many black shows now.
Oh, okay.
What does that mean?
Do you have a lot of black shows?
They used to. Yeah.
Now, yeah, TBS runs a lot of Tyler Perry's this and Tyler Perry's that.
Yeah, which is all black shows.
And I guess that's it.
Just finished a little more eggful young.
I might finish it all by the time to a clock rolls around.
And if anybody don't like it, too bad.
Here's one again from a phone number. No name.
Neil, don't trust a producer who doesn't eat meat.
Jobelle says. Fake Jobelle.
Don't trust a producer who doesn't eat meat.
I know I asked you this before, but you do this out of humanitarian reasons because you don't want to eat animals.
Right.
Or from health standpoint, or what's the deal?
It's a little bit of everything.
It started as a bet.
And I went.
I went 100 days without eating meat.
Who did you buy, George?
No, Greg steal my old program director ever at Zeta.
See, he was a big drinker.
Yeah.
And he went 50 days without drinking.
And we went to one of those pork cutlery.
You can eat meat and meat and the day after that, I was like, man, I'm never eating meat again.
He bet that I couldn't do it.
I said I could double his time and I went 100 days and I liked it and never went back.
You liked it?
Yeah, I liked it a lot.
What did you like about it?
I definitely feel a lot healthier.
Because you're not eating meat?
Yeah.
You feel healthier?
I do.
No, did your voice go up a few decibels from eating all the yovegis?
Yeah, because you know, you're sacrivals when you don't eat meat.
You're sacrivals, huh?
I'll be damned.
A little bit too much information if you ask me.
Okay.
But that was up 176 points.
Let's hear it.
Neal at nearrojers.com, by the way, we run out of emails.
On my first day back after finishing.
Aren't you amazed?
I really am.
Really?
Huh?
I really am.
I thought there'd be a lot of emails today.
They don't care.
I'll tell you one thing, little George, man.
You talk about selling somebody short.
When he got canned, there was 80 million times the number of emails
is to, since this last week, all this stuff going on.
80 trillion times as many about George.
Maybe they love George.
They hate me.
Only George was sure on a hell of a lot during the month of April, wasn't he?
Yeah.
No, you going to blame him?
No, I blame the system.
Because George has been on a hell of a lot of other times,
including summertime's for years and years and years.
Always did fine numbers.
Fine.
Oh, we're fine.
As opposed to finite, which is what we have now.
Oh, the fake Ernie Sochman.
No, this is the real Ernie Sochen, because he's got his thing on here.
He's a councilman in the color bay.
The real Ernie Sochman, that is amazing.
It says, one of your listeners said you were wondering what I was doing.
I'm flattered.
Do you remember Ernie Sochman?
No, obviously not.
No.
Way, way back from the old WNWS and WYNZ days,
he used to do bio rhythms.
He was one of my guests.
And then he got himself like, we can talk to you.
He was doing bio rhythms.
You know from bio rhythms?
Yeah.
Anyway, he says, I'm flattered.
First, I must say that I missed the good old days of talk radio.
With you is the exception.
There is virtually nothing worth listening to in Miami.
I spend my time on WDNA now, while the folks in radio land think having hours and hours of
sports talk on every available station's good strategy beats me, but they own the radio stations that I don't.
I'm still involved in politics as councilman for the town of Cutler Bay, 42,000 and growing.
I was reelected last year, have about three more years to go before I'm termed out.
Will I run for another or higher office?
No, according to my wife, but I'm still thinking.
Why not a federal great-haired Jew in the White House?
I did find my missing sock, but now I can't find the original one to store my life.
I'm the serious side.
I still work a couple of days a week for an electronic company.
Right comes from National Magazine and local newspaper and spend way too many hours being a politician.
I have three grandkids that also manage to keep me busy.
Still play tennis, ride my bike, go to the gym, and ingest dozens of pills every day.
Join the club, Ernie.
I'm truly glad you managed to survive the radio mess.
It is no doubt due to your great talent in the business.
I still envy you.
Says Ernie Sox and councilman Cutler Bay.
Thanks Ernie.
He found one sock.
He can't find the other one.
He did a show one time on socks.
You know about how when you do the laundry, you always lose one sock or whatever.
Can't find a boat.
He did a show on socks and that became like a talk of all the old Yentos.
Oh my god, it was such a wonderful show.
Ernie Sox and talking about socks.
As opposed to some of our guys talking about jocks.
All of our guys talking about jocks, like on Wednesday.
Oh, here's one speaking of that.
From cash.
He says, the worst fill in show ever.
Ever.
Today's show, this being last Wednesday, May 20.
Had to be the worst fill in show for neo-Rajers and its history.
I've been listener since 1993.
It was so clumsy and awkward from the get go.
DA and Adam Cooper Steinman Berg were absolutely embarrassingly bad.
After that big smelly discussing load of crap they laid from 10 to 2,
they should quit and go to work at McDonald's if they could even cut it there.
I can see why DA gets the in the nighttime.
He should owe points.
There was no mention at all about where flea was or why he wasn't on the show.
The beast of my previous, they considered the worst fill in the day.
My opinion would have been better off doing the show than the sweaty jock sucking sport holes.
Way too much about.
After listening to these talentless clowns, they made the beast seem like the best in the business.
I tried desperately to find something else to listen to on the radio since I'm in the office.
My radio is my only source of escape from work.
After finding absolutely nothing I decided to turn the radio off completely.
And it was better than listening to these ass clowns trying to do a show in your absence.
Listening to them was worse than nails on a chalkboard.
I'd rather listen to Lenny Martez giving English lessons.
I've had a glimpse of radio without you and damn it's scary.
So stay healthy and stay away from the ice cream so you can be around until you're released to 100.
WQM is a joke of a radio station.
I miss George and hope he finds his way on the air somewhere locally.
Joe Bell is the anti-Christ and should be fired immediately.
Absolutely.
I'm thinking 790 must be paying him off to run the station completely into the ground.
Thank you for keeping me from making the mistake of getting into radio.
And then it says.
2 2 3 3 4.
3 2 3 4.
Only 3 doors.
How do you like that?
He says it was the worst swill in history.
It was mung.
That's bad.
Tony says if the two bozos that filled in for you yesterday are glimpse of what's to come this summer.
Please count me out when they're on the air.
This being about Wednesday show.
I've listened to you since 93 when I drove a day county.
You should vehicle.
I don't only had an AM radio.
I thought they had condemned me to help tell my search on AM.
I ended up on WIWD at that time.
I've a journalist into you and George ever since.
But this is the last straw.
I will continue to listen to you in promptly switched to whatever station picks up.
George, if you don't have it, it'll be on at the same time.
Cooperstein and B.O. or whatever his name is.
B.O.
All right.
Stuck up the joint in the worst possible way.
I truly believe even flea could have done a better job.
What a bunch of sports homos.
Even you could have done a better job.
He says.
That's amazing.
Keep up the quality radio.
You're one of the few glimmers of hope, signed Tony.
PS, don't know if you remember Dennis Zabaglo from the hockey days.
But he was a fellow county inspector.
Always spoke highly of you.
I don't know who that is.
Dennis Zabaglo from the hockey days.
I guess from the old Miami arena days.
I guess.
Panthers.
We love the Panthers.
How they doing in the playoffs, by the way?
Oh, sorry.
I see Mike Keenan got candy again and Calgary good.
He's an ass clown.
And Phantom Informer sends me this long article from the Orlando Sentinel.
What went wrong with radio personality Shannon Burke?
Well, part of the problem is we've already talked enough about Shannon Burke.
And people in South Florida don't know and they don't care.
Phantom Informer, who's obviously an Orlando radio junkie of some sort.
Oh, the people at the TKS, they're, uh, want to hire you about, yeah, right.
Go away.
Don't go away, man.
Phantom Informer, fake one.
Just go away.
God.
Oh, here's a bunch more.
Aren't you excited?
Oh, yeah.
It says, Ed says the chink food itself isn't fattening, but all the sauce and gravy they
put on it is a killer.
You can get it with a sauce on the side.
Well, I did.
I don't have any sauce on it.
Ed.
So bug off.
The Phantom says, please stand major Milky Way dark candy bars now.
Yeah.
That's what we need.
Let's get stand on here.
What do you say?
You don't even know stay a major do you?
No, not really.
Neither does anybody else.
Neil, I've been out of town.
Why did an update on George?
Has he found anything yet?
Thanks, as Mark and Georgia.
No, I got no update.
No, uh, nothing today.
Did you?
You heard from him since Friday since a big party?
No, not at all.
Well, Sunday, we talked on the phone, but I haven't heard of from him today at all now.
We talked on the phone Sunday and said what?
And he thanked me for the party and we just, you know, talked about things about the show.
And when he would come over and put the music into my new computer that I don't have yet.
Oh, once again, do that as soon as I get the computer.
Oh, when we get our new studio, whatever year that is.
Yeah.
Oh, he's more juice is face it.
Yo, Bell will do as he places in no amount of complaining for many.
One will change anything.
So just give a keep giving us the great entertainment in nor the a whole.
Let the listeners compensate.
Normally the way they think you should compensate George hold your breath, Norma.
Did George fight a job?
Life is good for Norma.
It says says, oh, he's employed you.
Whatever that means.
Adam says, welcome back on, Colonyl.
No one can hold a candle to you.
I hope they don't.
It burns.
But if ever there was an example of what you've been preaching all these years, it was the days that you were gone.
The a and generic sidekick were pretty bad.
But despite being bad, the fact that we're talking about sports, they were not talking about sports for four hours.
And we're actually talking about pop culture topics and current events made it at maximum tolerable.
Had they been talking about nothing about sports, my radio would have been shut off immediately.
Talk radio about anything but sports is better than sports ad nauseam says Adam.
How do you like that?
Now what can cure with that?
Welcome back replacement sucks says the fake Patrick Kane.
Oh, by the way, the hawks are done.
Adam Cooperstein, it says this is related to the big dog Joe Rose.
Is that true?
Related now.
Adam Cooperstein, Joe Rose ain't Jewish.
Okay, I hate to break the news to you.
No, they just worked together at NBC.
Oh, they're like bunk butt buddies from NBC six.
Right.
NBC six and CBS four.
Nobody says ABC 10.
Ever since Sandy Peyton ran off with Anne's body.
Oh, I shouldn't do that.
I'll get another hostel.
And you're right by the way, Jimmy Cifalus.
I'm not reading your crap anymore.
See, let me say it again.
The purpose of taking the emails was not to sit here and take abuse.
I know that comes as a great shock to a lot of you as clowns out there.
That was never the purpose of taking phone calls, taking emails to sit here and take abuse for four hours.
The next time is a great shock.
No.
Now I know what a concept.
Think about it.
Oh, just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rightful Association.
Let's face it, most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful.
And that's pretty damn depressing.
But as usual, with every problem, there is a solution.
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns.
They scare the s*** out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want.
That's right, handguns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Rub a bank.
Don't have enough money for beer?
All of the convenience store.
Take some chips and pretzels, wire-handed.
It's all free if you've got a handgun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
It's a simple solution to life's complex problems.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares?
Buy the damn thing off the street.
Just buy a lot of handguns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out and get be considered a population control.
Yes, handguns.
They just might make your fans.
I think I'm going to come in there with a couple of handguns.
Start shooting a place up to celebrate the new building.
Sure.
When we get our new studio to break it in.
What do you think?
Okay.
Make sure I don't need to.
I eat more at food young, by the way.
I'm not sure I'll make food young.
It's got carrots in it and bamboo shoots.
Speaking of shoot.
Harry E says,
Neil, let's good to hear your voice again,
although without 19-year Compodrate Georgia, it's like half of a show.
It's a typical QM screw up that they never provided any explanation for you or Flea's absence.
I had to read about it in the Hurledon line.
The complainers about your film last week are 100% correct.
They are...
I have no life.
No.
I'm still living correct, sir.
The May 0.0 rating will be accurate due to no listeners last Wednesday through Monday.
I hope George hits it big.
He deserves it and I know he's thankful to you for the opportunity you gave him.
Lastly, I'm sure that Joe Bell, the C-word Joe Bell, is really happy with your latest ratings,
since in his mind, if you can call it, that ratings don't matter.
What an embarrassment to broadcast.
He must have all the naked pictures.
There can't be any other explanation how he can survive.
Well, this is Harry in the Sunny House beach.
Nice, Harry.
Hey, Zeus says Adam Puprstein looks like a giraffe.
Is that true?
No, I don't think so.
He's skinny though.
Who's he?
Yeah.
I'll tell you one thing, he sucks on the ear.
He makes the D.A. sound like Walter Cronkite.
And that's why we put him on.
As the little George would say, if they like it, it's going to suck and it's going to feel.
And I think you were right about the Joyce aspect of eating all this egg for you.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
I'm starting to feel a little thunder down under.
Uh-oh.
Oh, here's some more crap.
It's coming.
This is Larry.
What can I say that everybody else hasn't told you?
They were real cock-a.
Nothing they can hold a candle to you.
I just kept on going back to sports.
But the bit with the sticking a hand on the toilet was funny.
This is Larry.
Sticking a hand on the toilet?
I don't know, I didn't listen.
Oh, that was the story.
I got that story in my pile.
Some moment at a ballgame, Stuker, hand down the toilet and I'm asking.
Oh.
You hear that story?
No.
The fake dog says, don't ever do that disappearing act again.
Welcome back.
Those two goofballs on last week were a perfect example of how not to do a talk show.
They tried, but they're no Neil God.
They would say something and repeat it two or three times like I was heart of hearing.
Thanks for use as the fake dog.
Jimmy Dorsky.
Neil, glad to hear you back on your traffic is also later now that the hazmat teams have clean up the low Joe Bell dropped once you were off the year.
Whoever did that fill in show was horrendous and isn't qualified to work the microphone of the McDonald's drive through.
Wow.
There's still isn't one person who saw the movie, the neighbor with Rod Stugger, not one.
I mentioned it at the top of the show at 10 o'clock.
Yeah, he died actually July 9, 2002.
Rod Stugger?
Yeah, and some of the other movies, end of days, Crazy N' Alabama, Mars attacks, the specialist.
So he's done some good films.
Pond broker.
Didn't he win an Academy Award for the pond broker I think?
Good.
Great actor, not good.
Great.
Okay, I'm done with my egg for you. I'm not eating no more.
Aren't you proud of me?
Very good.
Here's the poll.
How many votes we got?
We got more votes than we got listeners according to the a new rating survey with 1616 vote.
Yeah, that's right.
And this is a brand new poll.
My favorite holiday is Christmas 149.
Thanks, giving 144.
I hate holidays 108.
Bah, bah, bah.
Independence Day 4th of July 59.
Halloween 43 spelled wrong.
That's Charlie B's doing my birthday 32.
He's got hollow HOL.
Oh, Charlie.
New Year's Eve.
New Year's Eve or Day 16, Wednesday, St. Patrick's Day, Channoukah 7th.
Memorial Day 7.
Purim 6th.
I still like it better than Hoanakal because I love my home in Tashe.
Not that I've had any in years.
Home in Tashe or so good that it that kind of thing you ought to be able to go out.
Not just on Purim but any day of the year and go out and buy a whole bunch of men.
Yeah.
And Rod.
Talk about Rod with staggered.
He was nominated for the Pombroker but did not win I'll be damned.
best actor in a leading role.
Well, he was sure excellent in this movie, the neighbor.
Nobody saw it.
Of course, back in the day when we had an audience, I would have had 20 emails about it already,
but now that we got our point two, now that Clear Channel has put the big fix in on the
new system, how do you like that?
Castronovic says we have the participants, the blank participants in our back pocket,
but you didn't hear it from me.
Well, they went from a 7 to a 12, so.
Uh-huh.
12.5.
A 12.5 share, is there anybody in the, in the, in the face of the globe, anybody in the
universe who believes it?
No.
The voice of Mickey Mouse for over 25 years in a certified Disney legend.
Wayne Allwine passed away last Monday, May 18th, the age of 62 due to complications from
diabetes.
diabetes.
Allwine was also sound effects editor and fully artists for Walt Disney Studios.
What was him in fully artist?
You know what that means?
No.
He survived by his wife, Rossi Taylor, who incidentally has been the voice of Minnie Mouse since 86.
He had been the voice of Mickey Mouse in 77.
I thought the voice of Mickey Mouse was, um, or I'm thinking of Bugs Bunny.
Mel Blank.
Mel Blank, yeah, he did a lot of the voices.
The lineage of the mouse is as follows.
Walt Disney was a, excuse me, the first voice of his studio superstar.
In the 40s, when Walt got busy and horse from smoking too many faggots, he began handing
off some of the voice to one of his sound effects editors, Jimmy McDonald.
The last known time Walt spoke for Mickey was the lead in an animated wrap around done
for the Mickey Mouse Club in 1955.
By then, McDonald was doing it on most occasions.
Once in a while, somebody else would tackle the role.
Stan Freiberd, for example, played Mickey on a 1955 children's record.
And Hal Smith sometimes did some of the lower profile appearances.
I wonder if any of those people ever said, I doubt it.
You think?
No.
In the 70s, as he neared retirement, McDonald began training all wine, who was the fellow
sound effects editor of Disney, breaking him in on the mouse beat.
By 83, Wayne was well enough established in the role that he and not McDonald handled
it for the character's big comeback film.
Mickey's Christmas Carol, he did it ever since.
Wayne was married to voice actress Rossi Taylor among many other credits, who has been
the voice of many for some time.
They were both named Disney Legends in an in-house Hall of Fame award in 2008.
And now he's dead.
Complications from diabetes.
Well, here's that met fan in a potty mouth, tooth and toilet or deal.
She got her hand stuck in the toilet.
I guess they didn't have the other day already, right?
I guess so.
Oh, a normal can't.
I told you.
Oh, my God.
By the way, Lee's voice is pleasing on the ear and he sounds good on the ear.
Uh-oh.
That came from Norma?
Yeah.
And he wants me to do a bunch of stuff regarding you.
I'm in the middle of a show in Norma.
Leave me alone.
Okay.
If you want to be fully compensated, it's one.
Oh, wait.
Leave me alone until at least after two o'clock.
You silly person.
You fair.
Yeah.
The church of Scientology could be dissolved in France.
If it's convicted and trial that opened yesterday in Apparice Court.
Did you talk about this?
I'm sure.
Yeah.
Where the group and seven of its French leaders stand, charged of organized fraud and
illegal pharmaceutical activity.
The group considered a sect in France to face prosecution and difficulties in registering
its activities in many countries.
The trial comes more than a decade after one of the three plaintiffs originally filed a
complaint against the church of Scientology.
A young woman said she took out loans and spent the equivalent of $29,000 on books, courses
and a purification package after being recruited by the group in 1998.
When she sought reimbursement and leave the group, the leadership refused, for each
personal complaint, we have 100,000 ready to say nothing but good things about Scientology.
Agnes Braun, an official of the French organization, said before the trial which has expected
a lie until at least June 17.
The investigator questioned what he called Scientologist Obsession with Financial Game
and the group's practice of selling vitamins leading to the charge of acting illegally
as a pharmacy.
Yeah, I know.
I'm already going to take care of that, please.
Relax.
Okay.
I'm way ahead of you.
Just calm down.
Too many buzzing here on the day I'm a Blackberry Day, not you, but I'm just too many
Norma cance.
I guess he wants to be fully compensated and fully talked about.
Go away, Norma.
Patrick Messonneu, lawyer for the Church of Scientology in France, dismissed any organized
fraud, although he ignores there could have been some individual abuses.
The discovery of a pedophile priest doesn't allow us to question the entire Catholic church.
He was quoted as saying in the Luxpress magazine ahead of trial opening.
And it goes on and on.
Screw them, okay.
There's dumb people all over the world.
Whatever.
Pick your poison.
That's what I say.
Whatever religious hocus pocus you want to be a part of, go right ahead.
Just quit killing people already.
We're here.
And they won't do it.
They will not stop doing it.
So do you think it's possible that now one person in the audience saw that movie, the
neighbor?
Well, it was a while ago, right?
92, 93.
That's not that long ago.
Well, the old parts that we used to have out there, maybe all our audience died in
April.
Do you think that's possible?
Maybe that's what happened.
They all died.
I better talk to Ellie Brecher over there.
The hero about she's the obit lady.
Mm-hmm.
If there was a sudden flurry of deaths in April.
But you know what, Castronovice is.
Oh, here we go.
Tim is says no way to treat lady was my favorite rod stagger film.
You'd like it.
Very funny murder mystery.
Look it up.
I'm not sending a link.
Also a fully artist of sound effects and movies.
Well, thanks, Tim.
Now see, Tim is informative there.
A little education.
A little information.
I don't know whether it's like captivating.
What's the word that Joe uses?
Oh, I don't know.
Come on.
It'll come to me.
Here's one that says after listening to Flea for a few days, I don't hear a big difference
between him and George.
He grunts and says yes and no on question, just like George.
Have you ever seen George and Flea in the same room?
We've been scammed again.
Bring back Queen George.
It says compelling.
That's the word I'm looking at.
I can never think of that word compelling radio.
You think it's been compelling lately?
It's been something.
The spirit of Christ compels me to do a big choice at two o'clock.
And I don't want any more emails from Norma.
Can't, okay?
And I'm not forwarding anything to Flea.
Leave Flea alone.
Leave all of my associates alone.
Leave me alone, Norma.
If you want to be fully compensated.
Yeah, I can't convey to you how pissed off and furred up I was when I got when he said
that.
He wants to be kept fully informed and fully compensated.
Another squeeze for Bucks, man.
Another squeeze for cash.
Send me some money.
Everybody wants money.
And I still can't figure out whether or not I got my paycheck this payday or not.
Did you find out yet?
No, not yet.
Clarence anywhere around is he in the building as he offered three hour lunch.
He's out for lunch and he was going to the old building.
Yeah.
And I guess he'll be back probably after two o'clock.
You might want to check with him on that.
Neil.
Yeah.
Where's the largest trade you idiot?
Whoever told you that you could work with me.
What's your hired for?
It's to help us.
Does that seem clear to you?
To help us.
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living.
You company man.
You fair.
OK, one 18 and five 60 WQM happy Tuesday to you.
We got the big old coming up at two.
A lot of rumors about that two to four slot.
You know what?
Yeah.
And you want to know why there's a lot of rumors because the guy that's going to be
taking it's got a big mouth, but never less.
Mark and Miami says California Supreme Court just impelled property on ban on game
marriage, but said that any couple married prior to the law will remain legally married.
And it says I hope George is doing well.
Well we hope so too.
We haven't heard a word today.
No.
A little bit discouraging in it a little bit.
Cliff and Kendall says I watched milk during this rain out Memorial Day weekend.
If your listeners are uncomfortable watching a factory, I don't recommend this film.
You can say a lot of bad things about Sean Penn, but he's truly a great actor.
Why is it everybody says they can say a lot of bad things about him?
Maybe because he's a liberal and vocal about it.
No.
No?
Our audience will be upset with that.
I don't know.
He gets a bad rap though for sure.
James Franco should get an Oscar for not puking after looking ice cream off Sean Penn's
ugly face.
I agree with that.
I thought about your suicidal friend, but oh yeah.
And by the way, I didn't mention that Wednesday night and midnight.
I got a message.
He did not commit sausages.
That's good.
He got fired, but he didn't take the pills.
This is when I thought about your suicidal friend when Harvey found Diego hanging in the
apartment.
Have you heard from him?
Yes.
And thanks for reminding me.
I would have liked a little more examination of why Dan might assassinate Harvey in the
mirror.
I thought the Twinkie defense was a joke until I checked it out and found it was true.
And it worked.
He only got what six years.
The defense was he ate too much junk food and it affected his mind and his chemical imbalance.
All this other crap.
Right.
It was kind of like a TV intoxication.
Ellis Rubin for what's his name?
What was the kid?
1976, way before your time.
Ronnie Zamora.
Overall it was a good movie.
Not great, but pretty good.
His clip and Kindle.
I wouldn't say it's great, but it's very good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Please says.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Percy and Miami Lake says, Neil, what do you think of Glenn Gary Glenn Ross?
One of my favorite movies, Joe Bell reminds me of Williamson.
Also one of my favorite movies.
Have you seen it?
Yeah.
Very good.
Office for closes only.
Have you made your decision for Christ?
Get the chock.
Hey.
Get the chock.
Oh, there's something he says in there, Jack Limon, which I don't think is bleep very
well.
Not that we're going to be really ultra sensitive about that, but I will anyway.
How's our new studio coming?
Any word?
No, no word.
Well, I'm telling you, the thunder down under.
I'm leaning off to one side.
Oh, I sure will, but then make any noise.
Nope.
I didn't hear anything.
Rod Steiger, one of the Academy Ward for the heat of the night.
He was nominated for an Oscar for Pond Broker and on the waterfront.
Correct.
Great movie on the waterfront with the Marlon Brando and even Marie Saint and Rod Steiger.
But nobody's seen the neighbor.
I'm recommending it to you, highly.
Go out and rent it, steal it, buy it.
If it's on a cable, watch it.
The neighbor, 1993, I think.
Oh, here I might to use this earlier because I was talking about him about Shamwau, Ofer
Shlomi.
Born April 25, 1964, that makes him 35.
No, 45.
Like I said, makes him 45.
You know, look 45.
Born in Israel, known for informational salesmen.
In 1999 as the writer, director, actor, Ofer released the Underground Comedy movie,
The Skating Reviews.
The New York Post said it may be the least amusement comedy ever made.
For the successful talent bridges the gap, but here it is absent and said, DVDs of the
film are marketed by a TV commercial and they sold 50,000 copies.
The film also led to several lawsuits, Ofer filed a copy, read in Frenchman suit against
Peter and Bobby Furelli in 20th century Fox claiming that 14 scenes in there, something
about Marie were taken from his own film.
The Furelli brothers responded, we've never heard of him.
We never heard of his movie.
It's all a bunch of crap.
The case was dismissed with prejudice on emotion for summary judgment by order of the court in
2020.
Century Fox was awarded over 66 grand attorneys for these in addition.
Ofer sued Anna Nicole Smith for breach of contract, alleging that she had agreed to appear
in the Underground Comedy movie of backed out.
In 2004, Ofer and ex-scientologist sued the Church of Scientology with help of attorney
Ford Green.
He alleged that the Church had declared him a criminal and urged his members to commit
liable against him.
Ofer claimed that the Church's actions caused him to lose a successful business as many
of his employees were Scientologists who quit upon learning of what the Church did.
The success of the Underground movie infomercial suggested Ofer, he should sell something more
mainstream.
Drawing upon his experience working in flea markets, he decided in 2006 to market a
cleaning product that he saw there in an absorbent towel that he called a sham wow.
The ad filmed in the summer of 2007 with a budget of 20 grand became a popular hit.
Slate.com set Stevenson praised Ofer for his impressive and subtle mastery of the
Picksman's art.
With such lines as, you know the Germans always make good stuff.
And one of the Ofer's abrasive manner might also mark a unique new strategy in the
Anals of Pitchdom.
Stevenson compared Ofer to earlier more upbeat TV Pitchman like Billy Mays, there's the
guy.
And the home shopping network host and concluded that Ofer's smooth talking condescension was
more suited to the present zeitgeist than the earnest fervor of spokesman like Billy
Mays and Ron Popeyeleven.
Consumery reports reported the infomercial for sham wow initially featured Ofer claiming
that the product held 20 times its weight in liquid.
Later the infomercial was changed to Ofer claiming the sham wow held 12 times its weight
in liquid.
It was then changed again to Ofer claiming the sham wow held 10 times its weight in liquid.
Consumery reports that its own test and found indeed it held 10 times its weight in liquid
but no more.
Ofer says he sold millions of the towels.
Now with standing his infomercial success he says this is not my career he considers himself
in the film business.
Pitchman Billy Mays have been promoting a similar product called Zorby's two years
prior to Vince Ofer's sham wow.
In February 2009 Billy Mays publicly challenged Ofer to pitch off between their respective
absorbent towel products.
Popular mechanics actually did compare the absorbency of the tool throughout products
and declared sham wow the clear winner you're going to say wow every time.
You know the Germans always make good stuff.
That's what I hear.
In December 2008 Ofer would previously sold kitchen utensils at swap meets appeared
another infomercial for the kitchen utensils slack chop.
Ofer's aggressiveness and use of double on tons like you're going to love my nuts have
earned a notoriety and according to an ad-week blog help make Ofer the man who could beat
Billy Mays at his own game.
On February 7 2009 Ofer was arrested by me beach on a charger felony battery.
After altercation with a 26 year old prostitute Ofer who appears in police reports under his
real name Vince Lomi contended that he struck the prostitute when she bit his tongue and
wouldn't let go.
Prosecutors later to file declined to file formal charges against either individual.
And that's it.
Sham we're going to say wow every time.
I like the big fat red necky guy that's under saying oh if you own any give your you
wash your vehicle you'd have to be out of your mind not to own one of these you know.
You own a sham well no I don't you're out of your mind I know.
I wonder how George is doing with that new vehicle they were getting them.
Do you tell you anything about that?
No.
Here I got something for you though hang on.
Yeah what's that?
All right it's bitch with the last last last last last.
I'm he's laughing.
I'm still fine.
I'm.
You can't read it.
You know all day.
You can fly me.
So wait with the slide.
You're.
I'm.
You can't read it.
You can't.
There you go.
Little remix on YouTube.
Really?
It's actually really good.
What?
Slap chopper the remix.
The remix.
Okay I got a couple more emails coming in here that's good we got the 33 minutes to go and
I thought I'm counting.
You know when you've been off doing this like when you go on vacation for a while you'd
like you're out of practice.
Yeah.
Kind of like a lot of the emailers too seem to be today out of practice.
But how much of tomorrow we get flooded you'll see.
Everybody talk about it.
What was that noise?
Let me take a look at the security monitor.
Anything to do with sports?
Well just a lot of buildings burning and carnage.
My car's okay though.
Go back to the files.
Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki R
Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki R
Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki R
Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki R
Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki R
Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki R
Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki R
Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki R
Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki R
Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki R
Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki Riki R
To excellent books to read on the topic are The China Study by Dr. Colin Campbell and Eat To Live by Dr. Joel Furmar. It would be a great place to start to begin understanding the science behind a predominantly plant-based diet and relationship to good health. This is John Lewis. He's assistant professor of research for complimentary interrogative, you know, integrative medicine interrogative at the U of M. Wow. Sounds lofty. Yeah. He says this area is part of my research.
A big component of my focus to help the people I work with and to attain a maintain good health. My offer still stands up you as well. Your dietary and physical activity habits can be changed to reverse your diabetes, but you have to want to do it. It's up to you. Thanks, John. To eat would be what's considered a vegan. No egg no dairy. Yeah. And then you I'm a oval lactobediterian. I eat eggs and I eat cheese. Well, how can you go without cheese? That's what I said because I've had vegan cheese before. Blah. Terrible.
Really? Yeah. It's horrible. Do you like it? I'm sticking with my meat, man. I love my burgers. Hey, at this point, why change? Yeah. I mean, I was 66 and a half years old. What am I going to do? Change my life? Oh, somebody sent me some stock crap here. Don't send it. Here is one from Lee. It says, what is flea talking about? Hasn't he seen anything?
Cooperstein on TV. He does look like a giraffe. His neck is longer than hell. Plus he has that Adam's apple that shuts out. I'm sure he hasn't just seen him on TV. He sees him in the studio. Yeah, I've seen him in person. I got to tell you he's one of the nicest guys of event. Hold her. You go and he sucks on a year. Well, and it's what they say about the a's also nice guy and he sucks on a year. Charlie Bees is welcome back to both you and flea. How come no one in management had the balls? Oh, I see. Again, today's pool.
Holidays was not mine. Somebody else's. Oh, Charlie Bees wants to make sure we understand it wasn't his pool with all the misspellings. Halloween with an eight year old LL. Yeah. A man named beverage charged with the UI in St. Pete. A man named beverage. That was up 195 point. Selling opportunity. Maria selling.
Yeah, kid, baby. Hi, y'all. It's me, Britney Spears with an only blog update right now. I have a little free time on my tour. So I'm just trying to relax. What's on TV? On it all new Dr.
Phil. I'm sorry. Hang out in the men who love them today. Wow, Dr. Phil is on it for now. That's an odd time slot. Oh, you know what? I forgot to open up my fortune cookie from lunch today. I love these things. Confucius say before you embark on a journey over a vange dig to graves and make sure your. Is it hanging out? Wow.
Dig to cries. That's deep y'all. Oh, that was at the door. Oh, hi, it's my neighbor. Yeah, Britney. Sorry to bother you, but your. It's been hanging out all day. Oh my gosh. Let me stuff it back in. No, no, no, no, your pussy cat has been hanging out in my yard all day. Not your. Wow. I can still see it. Yeah. Wow. That was really awkward.
I'm starting to think that my. Hang it out has become a serious problem or not. Okay. Wow. Okay, 146 14.0 to 560 WQ AM.
Here's that story about the guy named beverage. Okay. A 50 year old, specific Virginia man with an unfortunate last name given the circumstances was arrested at 3rd Street and 50 first Avenue North in St. Pete around 3 AM last night.
After a breath, a breath alcohol test, a certainty was in early three times the limit at which the drivers considered impaired by the state of Florida. Randy Joe beverage.
Who registered alcohol levels of 0.23 and 0.19 was charged with driving out of the influence and possession of control substance after was found with less than a gram of oxy without a prescription. Maybe he knows rush.
He's being held in Pinellas County, jail on $2,500 bond. Less than a gram of oxy codon. Well, that's popping up everywhere. Is it really? Yeah, it's problem.
Oh, the fake Anita Brian says I had a love hate thing with George Rodriguez. I like prank calling him on a regular basis.
I think listening to him was so painful. I actually switched the dial to rush limbalab. Ooh, I think I can remember.
Tim when George was actually entertaining, but it goes back to my fag hating days. Nevertheless, I hope George got that job at the other station. Did he? I don't know.
Let us know. I sure hope he did because he hates his family and now that he's unemployed, I fear for their safety. Thank God he's gone though.
I'm looking forward to a long summer of best of meal tapes. The older the better ain't going to be no tapes in either. Sorry, bitch.
No tapes. Is that correct? That's the side of what I've been told. Yeah. You were promised that I was promised that my prediction.
This new guy you got on the year, whatever his name is, won't be hit with the kind of passion that people aided George with.
He already seems like a hard worker and active participant in the show and not cynical like silly, spiked George.
I'd like to request that you know assistant introduce himself where he grew up. His radio career history. What nationality is he?
Is this people in the Roger show is your family man? Is he a queer? Tell us Wow. Until the audience can establish a personal connection with him.
Like we have with you hair, Rogers. He'll just be a voice on the radio. So spill the beans. You've already talked about all that stuff. Yeah, pretty much.
I know where that guy got arrested. That's for sure. He's got a wife. What? I know where that guy got arrested. Mr. Beverage. I know that area well.
The beverage guy. Yeah. What do you mean you know the area well? He was already in downtown because he's a living state peat for the longest time.
Really? How sad? Yeah, it used to be really old. Now it's getting younger.
Death plus 10. Yeah. Well, there's Russell Oliver.
Oh, he wants to buy your old gold and diamonds and jewelry and stuff. Funny guy. He's no Shamwa. He's no Vince. What's his name? Shlamey. Cooperstein. Yeah, but that's a great scam. Send us your gold and then we'll just turn around and send you a check for what it's worth.
No, you don't send it to me. Bring it in. Okay. There's one that you mail it in. You made your gold in. Yeah. And then they turn around and send you a check based on the value that you sent in.
No, that's not let's get that started. By the way, speaking of that, last week, what happened with all my spots? I guess they de-screwed them. I don't know. You don't know.
Well, some of the clients didn't want them to air if you were not going to be on the air, which is a sense. Yeah. Both of them. I was suspended. So I mean, wait, what? Sorry.
So you and I need to be able to converse before the show in the morning like I said in the beginning, which means we need that studio operative. Yeah.
These people who sit behind a desk with their feet up on an all day who have no idea how a radio show works and what goes into it or preparing it, they haven't got a clue what we need.
Like this morning, it would have been far preferable for me to ask you for some facts numbers and, you know, and to make sure that this one got this. Although, you know, everything wound up getting where it was supposed to get.
Contrary to Norma Canton, his hysterical emails, his obsessive repetitive emails.
Well, if he could just do a job for you like you did for George, you'd be screwed, man. I mean, you'd be in fat city.
excerpt, bending my last dollar on a horse, the Larry King thing. Somebody sent this last week you go today last Tuesday.
And excerpt from Larry's autobiography, my remarkable journey. Oh my God. Do I have time for this? I'll try.
Let me see page and yeah, I guess I was 37 years old in 1971. I had no job. I had a couple hundred thousand dollars in deaths and a four year old daughter.
I take higher to our secret park and visiting day. That's when the paint cut the deepest looking at my daughter, knowing I had no way to support her.
Things got bleaker and bleaker. I became a recluse. By late May, I was down to $45. My rent was paid only till the end of the month.
I locked myself in my apartment, wondering how bad things could possibly get. Pretty soon I wouldn't even be able to afford cigarettes.
I remember a night when I was a young man in New York alone, cold and without cigarettes or the mind to buy them, I had smashed open a vending machine to get a pack.
A friend called up told me to start living like a human being again. He invited me to the track. I had nothing better to do. I figured it would be a good therapy to get out and I have lunch with a friend and watch the horses come down the stretch.
I'll never forget that day. I put on a Pierre Carton jeans outfit that had no pockets and went down drovet called a race course.
I can still see the horses warming up before the third race. There was a horse called Lady Forley, a Philly running against males.
Normally female horses don't beat males. We're talking cheap horses. I scanned the board and saw she was 70 to one.
But my eyes really opened up when I looked at the racing form. Race track people talked to each other. I turned to the guy next to me and said,
you know this horse three races back one more or less than the same company. Why is she 70 to one? Well the guy said there's a couple of new horses here.
Yeah, but she should be like 20 to one, not 70. I said screw it. I bet $10 on the horse to win.
But I kept looking at the horse the more I looked at this horse the more I liked it. So I bet exact as I bet Lady Forley on top of every other horse and below every other horse. That's what's called a wheel.
I kept looking at the horse. Wait a minute. I told myself I've got four dollars left. I have a pack of cigarettes. I've got to give the valley two bucks.
It still leaves me with money to bet a trifecta. My birthday is November 19. Lady Forley was number 11. So I bet 11 to win one to place in nine to show.
Now I had bets in for 11 on top 11 on bottom 11 to win a trifecta 1119. When the race began I had two dollars left to my name and that was for the valley.
They broke out of the gate. The one broke on top. The nine ran second. The 11 came out all the this goes on. Sounds like fat rich.
He won the trifecta. He won the perfect. He collected nearly $8,000. Wow. He says it had to be one of the happiest days of my life. Certainly the most exciting.
I stuffed all the money in my jacket was bundled up. I didn't know what to do with it. I ran out of the tract of LA. He said, you're leaving so early. I said, yeah, bad day Mr. King. I tipped in 50 bucks in the guy nearly fainted.
Oh, no. You're thinking Neil Rogers. Well, here we go again. It's day. My heavy town at five six o' WQ.
Once there was a senator who was caught indulging a habit of both are all not much different like a typical me.
I'm going to be your conflagate.
And talk to Larry. We all thank you. For giving writers something money to do. You're looking for guys who make you go.
Larry, crack thank you for tapping your shoe. You're from news stories last a few days. But you refuse to go away.
The public is our prime. I really think it's up to Larry. We're cheap. We are invited to a lot of the me.
I'm not going to be your conflagate.
I'm not going to be your conflagate.
Larry, crack will spread his legs for you. He wants a man to scream.
And any guy will do. Bye bye bye.
