It's 10 o'clock, Neil Rogers is coming up next.
The music's pressed on the pre-order.
Sorry, I can't be there with you.
The hosts, the guests, and collars.
And you're not with the host.
Too many freaking meetings, man.
I'm laying out of this fire.
The other actors for agency.
The audience is rock-roading, sports-wave.
Five, six, seven.
You're a QA.
I have a Ford LaLotta Dale.
The stream and the stream this.
That?
Yeah, this.
Well, this thing's quashed.
Stream it.
Well, I like that.
It sounds like those coffee spots.
Close.
In the soldiers.
It was a hit.
Was it four years?
Oh, yeah.
Come on, old man.
What is this?
I have no idea.
Billy Joe with the checkmate.
Oh, and it's called Percolator.
Oh, yeah.
I'm sausage.
I'll give you 2 a.m.
For his ex, the Neil Rogers show.
The talk to Neil.
I was not a friend, I heard he was a 505.
He was a 505 and Broward.
In other counties, he's just old-
Resman 87775 Neil.
Or down to 560 on your AT&T.
And Broward.
By the way, Leo.
Gelly Cainco, I'm playing a huge fan of you.
The hockey team.
Or his college.
Do not represent those of WQA and management staff.
Or go away, Leo.
Now the Neil Rogers show.
On 560 WQA.
That's that.
That's that.
Believe me, Los Angeles.
We welcome to Larry King Live.
Ted Haggard, the founder and former pastor
of the new life church in Colorado.
Thanks for coming, Ted.
Thank you.
What happened?
I've had a very satisfying relationship for 30 years.
Oprah.
What?
Did you?
I did it.
Whoa.
And I'm very happy.
Whoa.
And I'm guilty of so many things.
All types of sexual things.
What?
That had to be hard to do.
Very painful.
What were you thinking?
Yeah.
I don't know.
It was such a shock.
Let's take a look at a clip from HBO's.
The trials of Ted Haggard and Dave U. tonight will be playing frequently.
Watch.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh my God.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
It got a little nuts.
Yeah.
That's where she's at.
10.01 at 5.60 WQM.
Happy Tuesday to February the turd.
And boy, I'll tell you the emails.
Nothing.
I mean, well, it was a couple except of course for a Leo who sent one about
guilty and then another one.
Oh, well, just one last time.
No, it's never going to be the last time you've got a sickness, Leo.
If I were you, I'd check myself into a mental institution into a rubber room.
First of all, I don't even see guilty on the schedule.
Is he on on the weekend?
Do we know?
I don't know.
We still had fat Chris here.
We might know, but we had our meeting yesterday and boy, it sure was a lot of fun.
Chris Jones, our sales manager said, what a joling idiot he is.
I don't see guilty even on the weekend schedule.
So you can, you know, if you want to make a radio show about guilty, Leo, get your own
station, get your own show.
I'm not going to like pros and cons about guilty.
He is small potatoes squeaky potatoes.
Some of these people with their obsessions with broadcasters, actors, actresses, celebrities
of session, mental illness.
When you have no way beyond just I have no life.
I mean, that's just pedestrian ordinary.
I have no, a lot of people like that who have no life, but way beyond that.
Sick, sick.
Fifth and candles got kind of an amusing story.
Matt Castle doesn't like golden showers, it says.
Okay.
The football star was in line for the bathroom at ESPN's Tampa Bay Super Bowl, Bash Friday
night when a drunken reveler tried to cut in front of him.
Matt told him to wait his turn and headed into the urinals, as five tells us.
Moments later, the fellow barged in and proceeded to successfully, purposefully pee directly
on Castle's leg.
I mean, I like Matt Castle just fine, but I shouldn't want to pee on his leg.
After security tossed and drunk out, Castle headed back out into the crowd, wet pants and
all.
What a guy, huh?
Okay.
Matt Castle.
Well, what would you do?
I mean, would you go home?
Where am I?
To pee on your leg and you had the square pantaloonies.
And I'm where?
And I, let's say, a super party.
At a super bowl party?
Yeah.
I do.
I do a ask for a change of pants or something.
If it was a pantaloonies, if it said a house or something.
Oh, yeah.
And they obviously just have your size, maybe extra small, midget.
I'll wear some big old bag pants that don't have pee on them.
Thank you very much.
So today is the day to rip George and ass on the emails, by the way.
What was that all about yesterday?
I guess it was the, uh, the Reverend and the boyfriend just had nothing else going on.
On and on and on.
And you people can change the names on those stupid emails a million times.
But George is right.
There's about a half a dozen chronics.
I mean, there's a smattering of other people.
Right.
There's about a half a dozen chronics who are all of these people.
You can tell.
You can smell them.
The fake Larry King, the fake, this one, the fake, that one.
They're probably mostly coming from across the street.
I imagine.
From the fake radio station.
Mm-hmm.
So what's that meeting about at four o'clock today?
I don't know.
I don't have to be honest.
I can't.
You better tell the powers that be that I'm an important guy.
And I'm old.
And I don't have that much time left before they stick me in a box.
And I'm not going to spend, I mean, you know, yesterday was about this show, which is fine.
Right?
I mean, it wasn't good.
It wasn't productive.
I don't think I thought it was pretty, uh, well, we've destroyed your show, Neil.
What do you think we can do now?
Oh, you know, like that.
But today, I don't, I'm just glad I don't have to participate.
I have very important things to do.
Like last night, I went to Woodbine and won a serious amount of cash.
Did well.
I had two hot machines, man.
I left the first one.
I went to that famous machine on the far right end and boy, that machine.
I got three spins on that machine.
First was 400.
The second one was 250 and the third was a thousand.
How do you like that?
A ride.
I like it.
I liked it.
And the thing that gets me about playing the slots, which is just gambling in general, is
that people are so damn jealous.
They'll pretend to be friendly.
You know, when they're playing a machine, I say, oh, boy, how you doing?
I can't hit anything.
And then if you hit something, they give you like a dirty look.
Well, yeah, how dare you?
That's right.
How come you're getting all the cash?
I'm sitting here feeding and feeding it because you're on board on your feeding a dead
machine.
You're feeding the same stupid dead machine.
There was a guy with a mustache there last night.
Oh, and then also, let me tell you this.
Well, now I'm one of those people I try very hard to mind my own business.
Okay.
But there was a guy about my age.
He was in his 60s, maybe a little younger, maybe a little older.
I don't know.
Balding goofy Canadian kind of guy.
And he's playing next to me, the first machine I started at, and next to him to his left
is a young lady.
She was like, I don't know, 24, 25, okay, with a beak for a nose.
Okay.
Kind of jamby looking.
Thank you.
But at any rate, he's talking to her babbling and babbling.
And at the first, I thought maybe they were together.
And then I realized that he's just pushing a move.
He's mashing.
We are right.
Mashed like mashed potatoes.
I sure love that song by DD Sharp.
Me too.
Mashed potato time.
But anyway, and it just to the point where it was obnoxious.
And then he finally lost his ass and he left the machine and then wished her all the luck
in the world.
And then all of a sudden a few minutes later, I noticed he's over her shoulder again.
And I remember her saying something about her fiance or her husband.
She was, you know, I mean, she wasn't grotesque.
She was attractive enough.
She had all the right body parts.
She was small out of his league, though.
Way out of his demo.
Way out of his league.
Forget about demo.
But just out of his league, I mean, just leave the poor lady alone.
Oh, I can't stand there.
There are guys that can't do that.
Guys who just can't stop.
That's right.
And do it so obviously.
It's one thing if it's a little bit subtle, you know, and I didn't say a word, but I said
they're thinking thoughts.
You know what I mean?
Thinking thoughts like you old letch.
Jesus God, you're so freaking obvious.
My God, just go away already.
Take your losing and go the hell away.
God, what an idiot.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
Who is the most incompetent FEMA during Hurricane Katrina?
Is this the poll from yesterday?
Maybe day before I'm not sure.
No, this is an old so quickly.
Why?
You're changing.
Old one.
This is not yesterday's poll.
I think I'm prepared for a dead day on the email.
So I think what I'm doing is reading old polls, all of them.
No, what's your favorite soup?
And by the way, Matt and Michigan sent me another one.
Another one.
Another one.
No, no, another one.
Some kind of food thing.
You know, what's your favorite?
I don't know, but it was really pathetic.
What's your favorite potato or something stupid thing like that?
And I do need to write Matt, give it up.
Give it a rest, OK?
What's your favorite soup?
Clam or seafood chowder?
185.
How many votes did we get on this?
906, not bad.
French onion, 162.
And the guy was right yesterday, the emailer.
He said, when it's done properly, it is exquisite and sensational.
And when the cheese on top is baked so that almost like, what's the stuff?
Were they baked the stuff on top of the dessert?
Oh, like creme brulee.
You creme brulee?
Exactly.
That's exactly what I had in mind.
Yeah, what I was going to say.
Were they almost burned the cheese on it?
That's right.
Oh, yeah.
And it's got to be thickened.
It's got to be just the right kind of cheese, too.
Not like a slice of American cheese like they do in some silly ice joints.
Yeah, like in a diner.
Yeah.
Oh, we got the French onion soup today.
It's got a slice of grired cheese on it.
French onion 162.
And those two buried the competition.
Chicken noodle, 75.
And I mean, that's pathetic.
Chicken noodle, my ass.
That's his taste.
That's like, you know what that's like?
It's like water that somebody dragged amongst the noodle.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
Oh, I see WTF 56.
I almost said it.
P 55.
Chicken noodle and P. Oh, brother.
Mots of all still spelled wrong.
Eric tried to correct it, but he's, you know, the goyam don't know.
There's an H at the end of the word Motsa 50.
Gumbo 48 lobster, bisque 39.
Georgia's wild about that.
If it's good.
Yes.
If it's bad like from this.
Lobster, this should be pink.
Yeah.
If you eat lobster, bisque, and they bring to you a brown concoction.
That's right.
A lot of things you could you could say that about a brown concoction that should be pink.
Tomato 34 beef barley 29.
Should have done much better if you people had any taste.
Beef barley is awesome.
Cream a broccoli 28 corn chowder 26.
Cream of mushroom 25.
Oh, there's nothing like good shroom soup.
I hate soup 25.
Well, back to back.
Back.
Black bean 19.
Oh, oh.
Shrimp, bisque 14.
Butternut squash, bisque 14.
Oh my god.
What kind of lunatic would eat that?
It's had you wedding soup six should have done much better.
But most people don't know what that is.
Pasta, fajoli five, pasta, fajul potato soup from the field five.
Ministrone for it.
Lentil only one in vegetable one.
That guy who went into oh, you left off lentil.
It's the bad before.
Oh, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, like that.
Oh, here is one from one of our chronics.
Steve Geldey, Geltzian is in Toronto today.
When you talk about people that don't belong in the radio,
you have no credibility because if anyone doesn't belong on the radio, it's George.
This is the reason why you're losing listeners.
It's not Joyce.
Says one of your close personal friends.
Sure.
Yeah, let's do a show about Geldey.
His boyfriend Leo started it.
Now let's everybody chime in about Geldey, who's not on the air, except he's doing a hockey game on TV tonight here.
Panthers and the Leafs to make police.
You're going to be watching it?
Oh, yeah.
See what's on the old look at that game himself and he's done a great job of that.
I've given him these coach Ron Wilson.
I did a comb over over the front of his forehead.
It looks like he just flopped out of the shower.
And I've done the same thing.
Really, or tried to do the same thing with Matt's stage and I think Matt is just starting to come back.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, pedal crap.
OK, we'll give you back way to be like.
Try to pedal him to the public again.
Like he's a real player.
Oh, my God.
So they're picking on you again, George.
It's pick on George Tuesday.
Oh, gee.
As if, you know, how much how much money does that put in your pocket if they say nice things about you or bad things about you?
Or like that?
That's all we're here.
Lifeless hole that's obsessing about me still.
This one guy reverend Schmendrick and his boyfriend.
Oh, don't be picking on them now.
Oh, please.
Wonderful.
Program.
They're wonderful.
Program.
The shower curtain out already.
They're already sliding.
George, this game.
Wonderful.
Program.
They wish.
Controversial program.
Yeah, the two of them between the two of them.
There isn't an Iota of anything.
They're not funny.
They're not interesting.
They're not amusing.
They're not even in the same league.
I'm your friend.
I mean, at least for the first five billion times, he was mildly amusing to some people.
Till everybody decided they wanted to take a baseball bat and club him to, you know, in the submission.
Death.
That's correct.
I'm certainly delighted with the resolution we had in the meeting yesterday about the phone situation.
That was very good.
The bell.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
They.
What's the problem?
Oh, God, Neil.
Oh, God, Neil.
Welcome this morning with shoes on my feet.
Have no other party with AIG.
And 85 billion dollar check was cut and we were having a party with your bell out, bun.
I'm having a party with your bell out, bun.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm having lots of fun with your bell out, bun.
I'm having a party, party, summer, bun.
We're having lots of fun with your bell out, bun.
Yeah.
Oh, God, oh, God.
Little Asian, that A-C-N-Y cheating on a white score of thousand.
We talk to talk and there is too little time.
So everything is going to be alright.
I've been fun with your bell out, bun.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I've been fun with your bell out, bun.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I've had a shoot for Russ and Golden Shower from you where I've been.
Lots of fun with your bell out, bun.
That's some tremendous news and of course nobody tells us about it
because too many people uninvolved and what's going on.
What's that?
E. Corcini from last week.
Yes.
You are out sick that day, right?
We had, I don't know, 32 left over.
Yes.
And then it went down to 27 and it sold out.
Alright.
Took some time, took a little time for the audience to finally get around to it.
Well, the problem was that we had people playing with it,
diddling with it in the beginning.
Sure.
Which happens all the time.
We got nothing.
We got people out there who have nothing else in their lives but to play with this show.
With the phone, with the e-l-deals, with whatever we got going on.
Let's escrew it all out, play it, go ahead.
Because once there are things, that's right, go ahead.
Go ahead.
So what do you think of that?
Go ahead.
I think it's good.
Go ahead.
Here's one from the fake Michael Phelps, wow.
A subject, Bubba.
Uncle Neil, what do you think of Bubba the last bunch?
Don't know, never heard him.
And I'll tell you one thing, we sure haven't gotten a lot of emails about him
since he made his debut in the market.
It's already February the turn.
He's been on for about a month and I...
How many emails have we had about Bubba the last bunch?
Half a dozen?
Okay.
At most.
Mostly say the same thing.
He's spoken good about you on his radio show.
Well, wow.
And he just got syndicated in South Florida, not kidding.
PS George sucks.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
I think what we ought to do today is have a battle of the talk show host between Georgian Guilty
on the emails.
Get your...
The audience's persprication comments, you versus Guilty.
Since Guilty seems to have so many defenders lately, especially his boyfriend Leo, Leo Austin.
Who's obviously another one of the fakes.
Fake.
Neil at neorodges.com.
Get those emails cranking up.
We got three hours and 40 minutes to kill.
How's that schedule look?
Well, we got the big O.
Two to four.
Man dog four to seven.
Dolphin tonight, seven to eight.
Wow.
You am recruiting special with the beast and...
Oh, Don Bailey, Jr. 8 to 10.
You am recruiting special.
What is that?
Sounds pretty self-inspired.
And then that's over.
D.A.s got a couple hours.
Well, they sure put him on after some of the worst swill.
Good God.
You am recruiting special with the beast in Don Bailey, Jr.
I would rather die a wicked, painful death than be forced to listen to that.
Whatever it is.
God, you talk about that wall of football.
You should have physically attacked Joe Belver in that meeting yesterday.
No, no.
I'm disappointed in you.
You should have just jumped across the table and grabbed him by the throat.
Like nurse Ratchet.
Remember Miss Ratchet in the cook who's nest?
Where eyeballs looked at him and went and pop out of her head.
It was choked or not.
That's what you should have done.
Choked that turkey.
You, Emory.
Oh, I don't know.
We don't understand why this.
Yeah, you don't understand because you're butchering it.
You're killing it.
You're asking us questions about what do we think?
I'll tell you what I think.
I think you people are murderers, assassins.
I think you're on the payroll across the street is what I think.
God of me.
Joe from Toronto, who obviously isn't aware of the fact that the people here are very, very sick and very gullible.
Hey, Uncle Leo.
My friends and I were talking last night about the NHL.
I told them when I was in Fort Lauderdale last December.
I heard commercials on the radio stating that for $17 you get a ticket of gas cards for five bucks free parking and about your food.
That's right.
We do those spots on the show, Joe.
Neal for $17 you can't even park in Toronto for the least.
That is if you can get a ticket.
Oh, you can get all the tickets you want.
There's scalpers outside the ACC all over the place.
They're scalping it.
And that's not something positive.
That's something negative.
The fact that these people continue subsidizing the garbage that the organization.
Well, I see BM, uh, Candicoach, Craig Hartzberg and Ottawa to cover his own ass.
BM, the spokesman.
Well, it's really very shabby.
But the way it goes, wouldn't it be it?
So Joe from Toronto, like I said, I wouldn't be bragging about it.
The fact is that these people are addicted to the make, make believes.
And then no matter what kind of garbage product they put out there on the ice,
they'll continue filling those seats and paying through the nose, paying ridiculous prices,
and allowing themselves to get raked at it.
Okay, that's not something to be proud of.
That's something to be embarrassed and ashamed of.
Joe.
941 votes on the poll.
What decade did South Florida become a crappy place to live in?
The 1980s, 352.
The decade of the Mary L. Bolton lift.
I'm not saying that that had anything to do with it, but it did.
1990s, 232.
There's nothing wrong with South Florida, 129.
Sure.
13.7% of the people say that.
2000s, this decade, 103.
1970s, 65.
When Neil Rogers came to town, that was the end of South Florida as we knew it.
We used to love it.
It was paradise.
And then that federal faggot showed up in town.
And since then, it's been downhill.
Don't live there, 38.
1960s, 1119, 50s, 11.
Remember the 50s before you were born?
Oh, yeah, they were great.
It must have been paradise.
I'd then beat Nick's.
Yeah, beat this.
That.
Rick says, I just finished filling out all four of my books.
He's going to mail him to Arbor Tron.
And by the way, there's not going to be any more books.
That's not a secret.
That's, you know, everybody knows that.
The PPM, the people meter is replacing diaries very soon.
A couple of months.
So we thank all you people that have done these wired diaries for us for all these years.
See, at least I admit it.
Right.
I admit it.
It's the luck of the drawn.
If you get some of your fans who get the diaries,
and they fill them out religiously and put you down,
diddo, diddo, diddo, diddo, diddo, then you do well.
And if not, you're screwed.
Right.
Now with the people meter, what we're going to have to do is teach our people how to,
if they get one of them people meters,
to keep their radio on this station 24-70 when they're sleeping.
That's right.
Just set the people meter by the radio and go to work, you know.
That's right.
Go about your business.
Neil, I have just one question.
Why is the book only for a week?
I thought the ratings were a three month period.
Rick, well, they, yeah.
But each person who gets them only gets to fill out for one week.
Correct.
One week.
To try to like make it look like they're doing it scientifically.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I know.
Don't tell me Joe is back.
Sorry.
You'll check the front page of Toronto's son for the story, Joe from Toronto.
For what story?
About the tickets.
I don't know and I don't care.
Don't be knocking our Panthers.
One of our fine sponsors.
Okay, Joe.
How's it going, eh?
Joe, go leaves.
Go.
They suck.
They suck.
They blow.
They're an embarrassment.
50 years of that crap I put up with.
Dear Neil, oh, this is Jim and gets to New York who usually lately is, uh, he didn't crazy.
Since we pornographic crap.
Real.
I can't read on here.
I know Michael helps with smoking those left handers.
That guy doesn't fool me a bit.
You'd never catch Brady Quinn hitting the hippie lettuce.
Yeah.
This man needs to sit.
Well, again, he's in Getzville, New York.
It's near Buffalo.
And that's it.
Don't have any comments about you and Gildi.
I'll I'm sure won't be long before Leo.
We'll try and back it again.
Oh, I love you, Shoney.
But all you're so full of crap about Gildi and Gildi is wonderful.
He's a great broadcaster.
He's a wonderful human being.
He's got a big nose.
Yeah, I think Leo probably heard those rumors about Gildi being the Milton Burle of sports casting.
I've heard that story.
Yeah.
That's the rumor that we hear.
We don't have to worry about being a fire in the studio when Gildi is working because he can always pull out that fire hose and put it extinguish that fire.
Sting was to flame.
In other words,
like that.
It's going to be a long.
Well, let's have that meeting on the ear now.
Tell him to push it up to about 1045.
Yeah, come on.
Get your ass in there and do it.
The biggest name.
The number five guys.
The number two guys.
Oh, here's one for George from Jesus.
Uh-huh.
Morning guys.
First for the Reverend and his boyfriend.
What happened?
They must be in sore from using all of that grease.
George does a great job both when you and him are interacting.
You and him.
And when he's doing the show along.
Always thought of the W.Q.M.
Management had something in their heads besides jock sniffing.
George would follow your show, particularly if he did a show with suds.
One comment about Gildi is he does okay with a few times I've heard the Panthers broadcast as I don't listen to jock talk.
The jock wannabe is talking about stupid crap.
So how often they put him on means nothing to me.
Thanks, Jesus.
Take some English lessons.
It would be good.
Thank you, Jesus.
He likes you a lot.
Gildi, he could take him.
He can leave him.
You know, like, yeah, like that.
Jim, I might be beach has a long boring panthers letter to the to watch the DC, but I'll read it because we got nothing else.
Great.
I'm serious.
We have nothing else.
I mean, I got a couple things in my pile here, but not certainly not even close enough to go to 11 o'clock.
So I hope that you got your what?
I hope you got your grasshopper legs ready.
Yeah.
Rub them together.
Rub your hind legs together.
Make some quick.
I'm a grasshopper.
Grasshoppers are really interesting.
I still love to catch them and pull the wings off them, you know.
Yeah.
We would do these things.
Yeah.
Well, when you're a kid, you have no respect for life.
I would actually try to find a spider web and throw it in the course.
And then of course there are some adults who also have no respect for life.
Yeah.
But nevertheless, Jim says Jim beavers really on my me beach.
My open letter to DC.
First, let me say I'm 67 years old, willing and able to work.
I own my own 3D imaging and 2D CAD drafting service here in South Florida.
What's CAD?
Don't know.
You people have ruined my business.
I have zero work.
Last night, I canceled my payroll service with Bank of America, increased their price for the service 60%
and they get a bailout.
Where's my bailout?
Where's my bailout?
Damn it.
By the way, I think that meeting in for this afternoon, the announcement is going to be that everybody who doesn't have a contract is going to be working for free.
Well, Jim says I support allowing the US Postal Service to deliver mail only five days a week because the less government does the better.
Your so-called stimulus plan, Mr. President, is a sham and will not work.
It's if a $10.6 trillion debt solved nothing, this pork barrel spending and state and local government bailout bill will not either.
The government doing nothing will get us out of this mess a lot faster, is agreed to by every reputable economist.
The foxes have been guarding the henhouse way too long.
We don't need a bailout plan.
The American people need a but out plan.
With regard to change, I'm waiting.
The wars go on, Gitmo goes on, government gets larger, government spending is increasing.
National debt is 10.6 trillion rising.
The President's cabinet is full of crooks, Congress is full of crooks.
So where's the change?
By the way, now that we are clearly a communist country, how similar will I be allowed to visit my comrades in Cuba without restrictions?
And certainly Jim beavers, communist, communist, communist, oh boy.
There's only one solution for all your problems, Jim.
Go ahead, and pull it through the head, we'll do it.
Pull it in the temple.
We'll do it all good.
Or in church.
Or in church or in the mosque.
Everybody's got their own place of coffee, with all their trappings and trappings in silies, head year.
Really very sad.
And nobody really wants to tackle that too much.
Although you said you saw that Bill Marmo, even though we both agree that Bill Mar is a turp and a very annoying.
Almost all the way to the US.
There were some good points and some yucks, some laughs.
Not from him.
He didn't say anything funny, but the people that he's interviewing.
But he does laugh a lot in his own, whatever he says, he laughs a lot.
Well, this time he got other people to say funny things, just by asking them what they believe.
And of course they say ridiculous things.
You don't have to write anything for them.
Well, I guess Jesus was the only one, and I still don't see anything more from Leo.
Oh, he'll be back.
Neal, not that I wanted, because I don't know.
He'll be back under the same order.
Over and over and over and over and over.
Just one more thing about guilty.
Just one more thing.
Yeah, right.
Just imagining all these people that you spent years hanging up on.
Just imagine if they could actually change their voice so that you could not recognize them every day.
Right.
This is what the email is.
Neal, I spotted Joyce and Geltie staggering out of big daddy's in Halea.
They just finished spending George's car money saying we need a bonus to let George take the bus.
Take the bus, George.
Okay.
Take the bus.
Oh, that's good.
Yeah, that car thing.
Yeah, I think it is worried about what George is getting that car from the station.
Hold your breath.
I'm holding it.
Because I think they did everything yesterday, but say, oh, you're dreaming.
You know, like that about it.
Yeah, forget about it.
I mean, you're dealing with Chris Jones.
I don't think he likes you.
I think I suffer from that.
Oh, God about it.
Right.
Right.
He did.
We got that draw.
You thought he did what?
Got that drooling and common.
I thought we got along just fine.
I thought we're locked in.
You get Phil Sims in there.
The least George with Phil Sims.
Who's Phil Sims?
He's an ex-jocke that talks southern Yahoo that I'm always screaming about.
25-year-old times, a little uppers, Jones.
He's just fine at the yard line.
Oh, he is to just to die from, to puke from Phil Sims.
961 votes on the pool.
When we, oh, if you think this pool is bad, wait till you get to the next one.
He was export is the worst.
I think that's from Sean.
Oh, that pool is just who's export.
Who's export?
What it should say is which export is worse, not who's.
But these guys are getting so desperate to come up with polls that they can't even,
they can't even ask the right question.
Not that it matters.
Because people saying which, which day is Tuesday, you know, oh, today.
Oh, what about tomorrow?
Well, not yesterday.
Tomorrow.
I sure wish that meeting would come up pretty soon.
Lot of meetings, lot of mystery if QIM, lots and lots of mystery.
So did Joe laugh when he said no, he always had to be in that meeting?
Did he laugh?
Yeah, he said, but he wanted to thank you for agreeing to do one appearance a week.
He didn't say that.
He did say that.
You know, his attempts, his feeble attempts at comedy are so bad.
I mean so bad.
And I think that tells you a lot about the whole operation.
What have I always told you about people who think that they're funny, but they're not?
It's funny looking.
Oh, he's funny looking all right.
The walrus.
Joe, the walrus bell.
He's funny looking.
And when I think about him, I do not laugh. I cry.
Neil, the people in Canada put balls on their rear bumpers like hearing Obama land, just wondering.
Keith.
Balls on their rear bumpers.
Yeah, they're going to be a hollering a boat and stuff.
Yeah.
What what does that mean?
Do you understand what that question means?
I'm presuming that he's talking about like the trailer hitch.
The people put the right.
That's right.
That's a trailer hitcher of boat.
Yeah.
To protect their trailer hitch.
People all over the world do that.
If they're going to be hauling something, Keith, you need to get out of the house a little bit more often.
Keith, that's your problem.
Parochial.
Yokel.
I wonder if he's kind of the gentle green or Yokel green.
Jesus.
God Almighty.
People are do this.
People are do that.
Yeah, they actually end up every now and then they pick their nose too.
Not in public though.
They got one.
When you're listening up there in Canadian.
No, we don't got no electricity.
Got that thing with the gerbils running around, you know?
It's no year round up there.
It's no one today.
Not a whole lot.
It stopped filing.
What language do they speak up there?
Kenuk.
They're very Kenukky.
So he actually did say that.
He thanked me for around.
He actually did.
I got news for a one a year is fine.
Would I make that up?
The one last year was fine.
One during the summertime each year, I think is good.
Unless, of course, they want to pay my airfare to keep schlepping down there.
I was about to say that and then he interrupted with some crap.
I was going to say and then he went, go ahead, go ahead.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Don't get tired of it.
Go ahead.
Holy mackinon, this is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs
and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
And now, more in capital to capital Super Bowl coverage on Live 16W, QAF.
We're ratings.
We never matter.
Sure, dude.
We're live from Tampa having a crazy time here on Radio Row.
There's a bunch of jocks like Mozy and Buy and maybe we can get one to pitch some product
you don't need.
Hey, it's Shenoon.
What up, Shenoon?
Can I have a spoon?
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do.
Good any products to sell, man?
No, thanks, man.
Hey, Renate just fine.
Hey, let's go to the big O.
You got an exciting update for us, dude.
Well, yeah.
Well, come on, man.
Let's hear about this crazy time in Tampa, man.
I had a little dinner last night.
A couple of drinks.
Uh, hooker.
And we went to bed.
So?
Yes, oh, it's been a little crazy here.
Oh, yeah.
It's been a little crazy here, man.
Yeah, it's been crazy here.
All kinds of crazy things going on, man.
Yeah, like crazy.
Crazy, man.
Crazy.
We'll be back with more failed format by force after these spots that me and Zach yell,
really loud.
Right, O?
See, I mean, yeah, yeah.
Right, O.
The louder you yell, the more you sell.
I think.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
I'm talking one thing, boy.
I know that I'm out of touch, but I can't believe that you are truck nuts.
Is it about the nuts?
Yeah.
I was just reminded myself.
Oh, yeah.
You don't haven't seen them in a while.
That's why I would decide out of mind.
I just got through seeing them because people send me a bunch of pictures of them.
I mean, you thought about dumb.
No, we don't have truck nuts here.
Sorry, eh?
And a little gay, if you ask me.
Oh, for other.
Kind of a man wants to show the world, you know, fake nuts.
Sean and Tampa's as Keith is referring to the bullballs Redneck hang off the rear of their trucks
and an attempt to be cute.
Uh-huh.
They're outlawing them in certain places.
Yes, they are.
I'm not talking about the trucks, but the ones that are outlawing.
Uh-huh.
Do you like that?
Uh-huh.
Sean and Tampa.
Love you, PS George Sucks.
Bullballs.
Truck nuts.
Yeah.
Derrick says, I think he was asking if people in Canada have truck nuts, the fake testicles,
like the ones that are red next down here, are hanging off their bumpers.
No, we don't.
Never seen them.
Never heard of it until this morning, as the education of the human race continues.
Well, there's one point in your favor up there.
Yeah, maybe in Moose Draw they got him, maybe in Albertans has scat you on in redneck country, but not here.
That doesn't mean they drive any better here because they drive for crap, but at least we don't got no truck nuts.
I'll send you some.
I'll send you some.
No thanks.
Yeah, that would look really good on my vet, truck nuts.
As if I'm not already gay enough in rhyming right.
CAD stands for computer aided drafting and design.
The engineering architectural drawings that used to be done with a pencil on paper are not done with computers.
Programs can cost upward to five grand. Thanks for the entertainment says Nick.
Thanks Nick.
Cad.
You Cad.
Yes, I am.
Is that a word that anybody uses anymore?
I do.
I do.
You do?
That guy's a rake and a bounder and a cad.
No, nobody's a lethario.
He's a nerd and a pretty good lethario.
He's a nerd and a pretty good lethario.
I want to watch all these old movies.
Cad, my ass.
How do you do that?
I'll go get the drafting equipment.
Here's one that says Neil Godd.
I'm trying to all these schmucks mailing it in, trash talking, George.
I did some research on this.
People who dislike him so much in a radio terminology dictionary found the answer.
These people are called George J.J.
Jators.
The definition for such a word is follows.
George J.J. Jators listeners either wish A.
George was a furry so they could make a move on his short but attractive Cuban American ass or a B.
They could be George themselves so they can have a close relationship with Neil Godd.
Get free food every now and then and sleep around with jox wives while they're out playing sports.
George and yourself make this show what it is despite all the efforts from Joyce to Beasley's
and the people across the street to ruin it.
And no matter what people try you guys will continue to kick ass.
Keep up the great work sign another George, another Jorge.
Thank you, Jorge.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
Here's Paul.
I think the person who emailed you earlier about putting balls on trucks was not referring to the trail.
Yes.
For throwing boats.
No, I'm afraid he was referring to truck balls or car nuts etc.
Right.
The latest badge of honor among red necks and dumbasses everywhere.
Yes, we are talking about a pair of plastic, hopefully testicles.
It will attach us in their truck at the trailer hitch.
Google search, I'm sure you'll have all the truck balls you can shake a stick and says Paul.
Thanks Paul.
Some are made out of metal obviously they're like silver, you know chrome looking.
Silver balls?
Yeah.
And then other ones are as you might imagine pink.
Yeah, all the ones that were evil to me were pink.
Yeah.
I mean that's just going to be so stupid but then you're dealing with stupid people.
I was telling Lee, you know why don't you just have like a little chrome star right up above them to make the look complete.
CNBC keeps asking every guest is this the bottom and it's getting really old so somebody question where will he be a bottom in the market 9 10 11 12.
There won't be a bottom we're going to hell with Neil or past the bottom and Georgia's cars outside.
Get the 10 guns and food ready.
Oh, not this Matt again.
Oh God.
Even though I'm not a big fan of his growing emails he finds on funny or maybe not topical.
George didn't have a yacht last week when you were talking about having to take a joyst in elevator that you're stuck in just when you're getting a rescue and George said you'd probably say no no no no come in here yet.
Also as Geltie ever said anything funny.
Yeah, I think this is pretty funny.
Yeah.
And also that's amusing.
Matt who said me another the soup pull got him so whipped up.
I wish I could remember what the other was it was just what like what's your favorite cake where you just I mean see that and what bothers me is that the e-mailers are just like the colors remember back in the day when we used to do the pool building.
It's the same people.
Oh, I've got a couple for the pool.
I've got 15 for the pool.
You know, it's the same thing like yesterday with a soup.
They're the same people.
They can't call the if you have a list.
That's right name your favorite fill in the blank soup car toothpaste.
How many can you name that's right name a bunch of them.
Why do you write it then all of a sudden the emails come pouring in but when you ask somebody to say something to have a comment an opinion idea about something.
Oh, we know we know what to say deal.
That's obvious.
Yeah, here's here's yet another picture of the pink nuts truck nuts.
Oh, and in the bumper the license plate says bumper nuts.
Yeah, bumper nuts.
Bump your nuts.
Okay, I do it all day.
Oh my God.
Wow.
And what was Josh Corteson's role in that mean yesterday since I have a fake email from him now.
You got me he had to hold the chair down or it would have gone flying away as I see because he didn't contribute anything.
Kind of like what he does for the show contributed nothing.
Neil, I was reluctant to send this but don't feel like I'm waiting any longer.
It's February 3rd a full month into 2009.
I haven't seen a check from you yet.
I've been patient making it through the holidays without bringing it up.
But at this point it's been so long since you sent me a check that you're taking advantage of me and my benevolence.
I don't think I can continue to provide the high quality service for your website without a check very soon.
Well, hold your breath sweetheart.
As to the George Geltie debate, George is my friend, but I have to be guilty to be on the year.
He clearly has more talent industry expertise than the spick.
Thanks for listening, Josh Cortes.
Right.
Oh my God.
Sirius faces debt payment in test of its viability.
Although the stock is all the way up to 13 cent.
Oh, he'll know 13 cent.
What do you get?
You know,
ceramic bride writes in the Wall Street Journal.
Sirius XM satellite radio is facing an important test of his viability this month.
How it handles $174.6 million in debt coming to February 17.
That sounds like two weeks from tomorrow.
Questions over how the company can pay along with $750 million more in debt due later in the year.
Have been dogging the company stock price for months.
Trading around $3 a year ago shares in recent weeks have been stuck in the 10 to 12 cent range.
Well, guess what?
It's all the way up to 13 now.
But even if the company solves its looming debt deadlines, it will have merely bought time to prove to the investment community that its business of paid subscriptions.
Some paid subscription radio has legs.
And the high interest solutions it seems likely to find would transfer more of the company's value to debt holders.
And away from stockholders, likely dulling any post refinancing zip to the share price.
Given the economic environment, it's a long road back says RBC capital markets aimless David bank.
It's not as simple as refinancing the debt.
Boy, this goes on and on and on and on and on.
Sirius hasn't announced yet when it will release fourth quarter and four year 2008 results.
But securities rules require a filing detailing last year's results by March.
Perhaps the biggest challenge facing Sirius is simply proving the ongoing viability of satellite delivered paid radio.
And in an environment of falling auto sales that could prove tough, some investors say they want Sirius to show can hold on to its 19 million or so existing subscribers and convince them the business will resume growth once the economy turns around.
We should live so long.
Satellite radio is facing increasing competition from other in-car audio entertainment including rival satellite based services.
But satellite radios included in growing number of new cars, potentially increasing its subscriber numbers and revenue.
Subscriptions range from 699 to 1699 a month depending on the number of channels subscriber one.
Well, it's not looking real good for Sirius. Sirius.
Mike says and I can't read Mike's last name.
I wish George would get his own show that way we could see his numbers.
Can you get a negative number? Well, George has his own show in the summertime for the most part when I will leave to these week.
It is just great in the summertime. It is just fine. And we've been doing it for several years now.
Right. Better than the other shows.
Well, I wouldn't be bragging about that. I need much to brag about it nevertheless.
Tracy says funny that guy asked if everyone in Canada had them like people here in Obama land.
Sounds like he was taking a shot at how stupid Americans are having not only elected Obama but also hung fake testicles from their trailer hitches.
Well, genius, emailer. The people who have those nuts in their cars are the worst kind of red necks and how many of them you think really voted for Obama.
McCain, payment supporters are the truck nuts target demographic.
So go put your camouflage mesh baseball cap on. Stuff some more charm your mouth. Grab your Bible and drink up the kids country.
It's the end of days after all. You tell him Tracy stick it to him money. The end days. Oh, yeah.
Uh huh.
Oh, there's a whole bunch of stuff on here. Finally, I think the truck nuts is what got this going today.
Because if there's one thing this crowd really is into man. That's nuts.
Even the beast. I'll find it. You don't have to get it. I'll find it. Sure. Maybe not love eating nuts. Oh, no. I love eating nuts. Well, you beat me to it.
Oh, and I'm playing a wrong story. Sorry. Sorry. Did that yesterday several times you didn't catch me on it. Well, it's forced to have it. I know.
Let's get the new stuff on.
This is the new Roger show.
Any questions?
I wanted to reconnect with old friends, but I was having a hard time finding them. I tried everything. The phone book, the internet.
I even considered hiring a private investigator, but the cost was outrageous. Then I found out about your website.
Introducing stalker dot com a website from the creators of my space and Facebook.
Stalker dot com will help you reconnect with old friends and old obsessions. My ex and I were going to get married and have kids and raise a family and the suburbs.
But she said I wasn't emotionally stable enough and then I needed help.
I'm so lucky.
Creating a nameless profile is easy. Just log on to stalker dot com. Fill out the questionnaire with your personal information.
And then you'll be able to send anonymous threatening messages of harassment to anyone that's listed on my spacer Facebook.
You've got mail.
Who the hell sent this?
Oh, what the f***? Why can't this f*** just leave me alone?
I don't make you love me.
Yeah, that's it. I'm gonna make you love me forever.
You're gonna kill me.
You're gonna kill me.
I love you.
Stalker dot com.
I have no line. I have no line.
I have no line.
I have no line.
At 560 WQM, happy Tuesday to your boy. It's pretty quiet on those emails today. Really?
Thank God that the love notes came up.
The lug notes.
That's right.
No, seriously, I mean, I love that.
I got that.
That's good.
They listed in a little of a garage and even a few pictures, which I could live without seeing, you know?
I mean, God, I know about dumb rednecks, but I thought we'd reach the bottom.
No, no, no.
Just like here at QAM.
Should have brought that up in the meeting yesterday.
I think we've reached the Brock bottom, but Brock bottom.
So any more word on that meeting at four o'clock today?
No, other than that side going on.
What do you think your good buddy Flea would come in here and tell you he's got the bonsai pipeline.
Flea.
What?
He's got the pipeline right direct to Joe Bell.
Correct him.
Ask.
Believe me.
990 votes on the pool.
10 more and then we'll put that other horrible one on there.
Well, they're all well, you know, I think what I should do is just delete the ones that are left on there.
Let me run these by.
Okay.
Maybe you've done this before.
Don't know, but have to.
There have to be a lot of pet peeves.
And you want to hear from Larry and Kendall, Lanyan Kendall.
People who stand in office doors to finish conversations.
Just blocking ingress or egress for the rest of us.
How about just blocking the doorway, right?
People who are surgically attached to a cell phone in a store,
do they need one in the bathroom?
And if so, why I thought communication was by way of shoe tapping.
Two parts, one, Yakiti people tell somebody others the same.
I'm deleting that one.
It's just just crap.
Oh, and guess who this one is from all happy day.
Really?
Heather Goldbard.
Phony name.
Yeah.
Never Gary Goldbard and Williams, whoever that was, GG.
Maybe it's his mom.
He changed his name to Heather.
Maybe well, maybe he's got a sex change operation.
Even though you say you've done this pull and shrugged off a few prayers
suggesting to do it from me, GG in New Orleans,
last week I heard you mentioned again to George.
This is good and interesting pull that should be done regularly
and it's definite of interest to you and your internet listeners,
which is a big number.
The pull is simple.
What city are you listening from?
We've already done that.
Have we?
I don't know if we did it just that way.
The list most likely will top 20, so you're not going to be lost in LA.
San Francisco, Dallas, Nalines, Washington, D.C., Atlanta, Chicago, Vegas.
Houston, Orlando, Tampa, Portland, Denver, Detroit, Memphis, Philly, Phoenix, Pittsburgh, Cleveland, Buffalo, etc.
It's connected.
I'm sure we've done something similar.
It's a job.
If you've done this pull, I must have missed it.
But I don't think you really have done it.
It shows the vast audience.
You really have thanks, GG.
Delete it.
Eric Wooden-No if we have.
Eric Wooden-Kir.
Here's one from Alejandro.
How many times a week do you eat out?
One to three, three to five, and that goes on.
How has the economy changed your money spending habits?
Yes, no, and the...
Thanks, Alex, but no thanks.
I don't like these pulls.
Here's Charlie B.
The last two left in his pile.
You want to hear these?
Yeah, I think we know what just happened.
But, so I don't know what you would call it.
Foggy outside?
Yeah, then I can barely see anything.
I can see the...
The tail lights of a car.
Murky.
I mean, it was snowing earlier in cloudy and murky, but now it's like...
A dense fog has descended.
Maybe the panther plane just got in.
Maybe Gelly is here now.
Talk about fog.
Ow!
Here's Charlie B.
I like my peanuts, blank.
In peanut butter roasted, honey roasted, in the shell, in candy bars raw,
especially now with all that salmon, Ele going around, it's good.
In peanut butter cookies, in peanut brittle, sorry, I'm allergic.
I hate peanuts and byproducts.
Forget it, Charlie.
And not to be outdone by that one, Charlie's got this one.
I like my steak with blank.
A1 steak sauce, Heinz 57, Worcestershire sauce, onions, herbs and seasoning.
Oh my God.
Oh.
You know, I like Charlie a lot.
But he has reached new lows.
All these food, I mean...
It's like the best sandwich he's ever seen.
These are like, poles that make fun of poles.
Right, that's right.
It's like a footy.
I mean, we were making fun of him and deservedly so.
And now we're doing that kind of crap.
Thanks to people like Charlie B.
My God.
Wasn't Charlie the one about your favorite sandwich filling?
I think it was.
It was. Trust me.
What is your favorite sandwich filling?
I've got the last each, Charlie.
Oh my God.
I'd rather talk about truck nuts.
And here's one from somebody obviously a stalker groupie.
How about a pole for our favorite meal phrase,
side by each, which is not my phrase that's Canadian.
Nevertheless, you use it.
When Jesus was a baby, hate you like poison.
That'll go over like a pregnant pole voter on hot summer day, etc., etc.
My vote is side by each.
The great race call or a Frank Saliva London informally a woodbine
says that side by each.
Why he says that?
I don't know. He's Canadian.
That's from a Scott.
I'm deleting that one right now.
And that's it.
Oh, wait a minute.
Arbitron commercialization schedule.
Now, who sent me this?
Oh, mama B.
One of my regulars.
Miami for a lot of day.
I'm going to ask you a little bit about the real Hollywood April,
May 2009.
And the.
Results in June.
I guess that's what that is.
Results in June.
Pre-currency data.
They're going to do for a month or two like a test run.
Okay.
And it's not going to count.
So we're going to have a couple of months.
Now, so how does that affect?
And not only that, but let me ask you this question.
Uh huh.
I don't you're going to ask.
How does this new rating system, which is every month by the way.
There's a new book every month based on the PPM.
How does that affect bonus money?
I don't know.
Oh, I do bonus every month, baby.
What are you laughing about?
Yeah, they're going to bonus every month.
All right.
They're already doing that.
Can't you feel it?
Uh huh.
Where there's no sense.
There's no feeling.
Go ahead.
That.
We need to isolate that.
Seriously, that's a question when you have that meaningless afternoon no matter what the subject is.
Um, interject and say now that we have these monthly numbers with the PPM.
Is that mean we have monthly bonuses?
Should be.
What do you think?
Sounds great.
So in other words, you don't think it's going to happen.
I don't think what's going to happen that we're going to get bonuses based on every month's rating.
We have a book every month.
Uh, they might work a work at differently, but I might work it differently.
It's already in black and white.
I haven't my.
I don't see the bonus pool changing.
Well, what does that mean?
Another word is the amount of money that you get over the course of the year would have to stay the same.
I don't see them pony.
What are you talking about?
That's not how it's based.
It's based on the ratings you get.
Okay.
I like your idea of better trust me.
I'm just channeling them.
You know what?
There's a channel.
You're channeled this.
Okay.
Channel and NBC six channel.
CBS four.
And what was that crap that the flea was doing for my benefit yesterday trying to be a comedian with that.
ABC 10 and CBS four.
Oh my god.
Flea.
He's doing sit down comedy in the middle of a meeting.
Well, a meeting was pretty funny.
I got I got to that.
Well, Neil, now that choices totally screwed up your show and taken away all the funny bits and everything you can say.
Oh, what do you think, Neil?
I mean, then for clearance to be sitting there in massaging Joe's prostate.
I mean, that was just disgusting.
Talk about truck nuts.
God.
Like he really gives a crap about this show.
Clarence who the hell is he can?
Maybe they're going to be announcing a need to Marxist coming.
Is he's going to be servicing the management team?
Yeah.
I don't think we need to assemble the staff for that.
Why not?
You think something that important could be released just in little memo?
They don't need to involve power 96 for that.
For what?
For that meeting.
Is power 96 also invited?
Yes.
They are?
Yes.
Well, you didn't tell me that.
I'd read you the memo, man.
That's right there.
You didn't tell me that.
I'd read you everything.
Your power 96 is also involved in this.
All Beasley employees, Beasley Cluster.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
That can only mean one thing.
I don't think it's what you're hoping for.
No.
You're not that lucky.
You're a T.
Oh, I was once before.
Yeah, well.
Paul says playing devil's advocate for a minute, surely some of these truck nuts will come
dislodged from the vehicles from which they dangle.
And obviously in order to hang down, they must be weighted.
So this begs the question.
If you were driving behind someone and a truck nuts were to come loose and say smash your windshield,
would you have a hard time explaining to the cop that your car was struck by a pair of flying nuts?
Can you dust for nut prints?
I bet you can.
Perhaps a whole new subset of legal representation can flourish as a result.
You have ticket clinics drunk driving specialists.
Why not nuts?
Have you or a loved one been struck by a pair of balls that were carelessly mounted?
Call Richard Schwartz today.
And then of course, he's got short for Richard.
But I'm certainly not going to say.
Mm-hmm.
Dick.
Thousand eight votes on the poll.
Let's hear it.
You know what that means.
Don't you want to get that off of there right away?
And I'll be more than happy to oblige it.
Why?
Switch it.
Whose export is the worst?
I mean, can't we even change the wording on that?
Please Eric, which export is the worst?
Not who's?
You want?
Oh, what a long list too.
You want to hear it?
I have a question.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
Why have not Mexican produce?
I'm voting for that.
Just, I don't know.
Sounds good.
It's killer.
Is it?
So the other poll is done.
And when we return, I'm sure that everybody is sitting on the right on the edge of their seats, dangling their truck nuts.
You're not a fighter!
What a, what a, you're lunger!
I mean, wow!
Time for a ride.
I want some wind.
Here you go.
You ain't too low head.
Quite like a lady with.
These are football players do.
They're silent world of beat.
They're kind of guys that I want to do.
That's good to build two keys.
I want to hear people want to be.
But there's no chance at all.
And so does that make me a sports queen?
If I want to see him grab the balls?
Absolutely.
Baby, wow!
Look at that kid.
You ain't too low head.
Quite like a lady with.
I've got a high deputy screen that helps me see his balls.
I can do a lot of wonder.
But I ain't gonna ever get none.
No, the days of a business school.
Okay, that's not so great.
But I'm just gonna know that it might need.
At least until it's 28.
I'm ready now.
I want some wind.
You ain't too low head.
Quite like a lady with.
Oh, baby, wow!
Look at that kid.
You ain't too low head.
Quite like a lady with.
Oh!
1118 and 560, WQA.
And we got the big, oh, coming up.
Oh!
And two, although there are people protesting out in the streets.
Marching up and now with those big signs saying, no, just say no to the big.
Oh!
So the beast who's a real regular yenta.
And like I've always said, one of the worst troublemakers in the history of that building.
That's all right.
Well, he emailed me a copy of the memo.
Mm-hmm.
I'm sure I know what it's all about.
It's about to move down the street.
That's a popular consensus.
Yes.
So, and then the beast comes up with a pull.
Not that we could do it on the air for the audience, because the audience has got no clue about anything.
What's the big meeting about this afternoon?
One big announcement about us moving.
That's the answer.
Two-managerial change.
Oh!
Oh, please!
Three switching formats.
Four, Joyce just tried to ruin our lives some more.
Five, mass firings.
Six were sold.
Seven, across the board pay cuts.
My guess is the beast.
So I, that's 3% that you're counting on for this year?
Mm-hmm.
Forget it.
That's what the beast says.
Brian the Beast logged in on air talent.
Oh my God.
Sports Radio 560, QMIME Florida Broadcaster, University of Miami Radio Network Executive Producer, University of Miami Radio Network Network.
Oh, brother.
And Ego is big as his poop-uck.
Well, at least he's occasionally amusing.
Not most of the time, most of the time annoying.
But occasionally amusing.
Like he acknowledges us, he contributes.
He why?
He contributes every now and again.
He acknowledges us.
Interact with us.
Smokey.
No, not right at the moment.
Snookie.
What?
Snookie says, Neil God.
George's car is never going to- George's car is never going to get his car.
That's what it says.
I believe you should give your vet to George and buy yourself a beetle convertible turbocharge
and name the Neil Ferry mobile, just kidding, love your show.
Oh no, and a pool idea.
When I take a big pile of steamy Joyce, I wipe my butt by, oh all this business about how do you wipe your butt?
It takes me back to those ridiculous Joe Castello days.
Oh, when you wipe your butt from the back to the front, you know, yeah.
Anything that people have done for eight billion years and didn't need any instruction how to do it,
Joe Castello had a better idea.
And of course, George would go right along with him.
Sure.
We argued all the time, Joe and I.
What are you talking about?
Did you?
About practically everything.
About wiping your butt more than you and I, yeah.
I don't think so.
I think you agreed with him.
And being the jerk that I am, I actually tried doing it that way.
And I don't know, wipe your-
From back to front.
Crazy.
I mean, ever since I was a little child, since I was potty trained, I wiped my ass and had no-
Oh great.
I don't need any help.
I don't need any instruction.
I don't need an offer to read.
Ain't offering any.
No, but there are people who like this pool idea and like Castello, you know, same thing.
Oh no, we're going to reinvent how you do that.
Like how do you drink water?
How do you drink a beverage with my mouth?
Oh no, but do you like- do this?
Do you do that with a straw?
Yeah, do you put your pinky up when you do?
Yeah, that's right.
Like in La Cajua fold.
When he was drinking the tea, remember that?
And that little pinky just automatically went up in the air.
That means you're really-
BAAAMING!
Which export is the worst?
Thank you, Eric, for changing the wording.
I mean, who's export?
Oh, I get weak from these polls.
I just get weak.
I want to fall on the floor.
Kick my knees around, make guttable sounds.
Which export is the worst?
Indian tech support 10.
Chinese furniture 3, Mexican produce 3, everything else small potatoes.
There's only a list of about 6,000 on here out of the first 30 vote.
I mean, I don't- I don't see keeping this pool on a whole day, do you?
No.
And Lawrence, who's chronic,
but a good guy,
says some of these poll suggestions are somewhat lame.
Some are lame.
That's Lawrence, the master of understatement.
Some of these poll suggestions are somewhat lame.
Hated people.
Right.
You know, I think I'm still playing the wrong exit.
I'm going to have to just delete that other one.
Yes.
You can always feed it back.
If I ever decided to go back to it again, let's play it one more time.
We're not doing the break now, but just one last little time.
Say, I guess, name.
Yeah, that one.
I don't like that one anyway.
That's one thing, Claret.
The production understation is stiller than five year old, hall of a man.
It's ancient.
God.
And never got a chance to bring that up.
I used to do phone conference meeting the thing about the rejoins and the stunt ones and the-
No, we never did.
No.
No, it was too, you know, ponderous taken up by a Christian.
Well, you know, people could talk to me.
Oh, yeah.
He, this man reinvented problems.
He invented problems that never existed before.
Our salesman.
Anyway, it says, why don't you do what's your favorite color?
How about what's your favorite number?
And can you list every number into infinity?
How about what's your shoe size or which finger to use to pick your nose?
Or how about tell us what you know about anything at all?
I like that one.
Tell us what you know about anything at all in the first choice would be nothing.
Sometimes, Lauren says the polls just ain't worth it.
I like them, but I think your ideas tend to be better than most of the others suggested by the listeners.
Oh, how do you like your peanuts?
Charlie V. My God.
What do you like on your steak?
What kind of steaks are- and he didn't even include like-
What's the great steaks on?
Peter Luger's.
Peter Luger didn't even include that.
Boy, you talk about a goi-isher cup, Charlie.
But you just- you ain't got it.
Here's one from Rudy.
And I don't even understand it.
A study released Saturday by National Public Opinion Research from competitive-age research and communication shows
that more than 80% of Americans have no plans to visit Tampa despite the presence of the Super Bowl.
Well, what does that mean?
Like, if 20% of America was going to be there,
that would be like 60 million people would have been there on Sunday.
I don't think so.
The company based in San Diego conducted telephone surveys January 27 to 30th with 500 randomly selected Americans,
the study aims to measure the effect of a Super Bowl on its host city.
More than 69% said they were very unlikely to travel to Tampa in the next year,
and 12.2% said they were somewhat unlikely to do so, only 18% expressed any likely to come to Tampa within a year.
And why that was- I mean, bush gardens is pretty neat.
I like that.
And there's a couple of really good restaurants.
Other than that, who the hell have they got time to time and money to travel, who the hell is going to go to Tampa?
I don't know.
You have any desire to go to Tampa anytime soon?
No. Thank you.
Nearly 60% of respondents said they had no impression of Tampa.
About 31% said they viewed the city positively, and only 6.2% revealed a negative impression of Tampa.
Results for a second pool measuring response following the game has not been released.
Founded in 1987, CERC has conducted similar studies for every Super Bowl since 2003,
four of the five studies demonstrated a little or no effect on the image of the host city.
I mean, this is the dumbest thing I've ever heard of in my life.
I mean, because there's a Super Bowl game there, we're assuming that the large number of people are going to travel there,
more than a few thousand.
Millions of people are going to congregate in Tampa and meet in great need.
Never heard any more spy reports on Bernstake House, so many people that were going there for the Super Bowl weekend?
Right.
I mean, what's not to like?
Now you've been there, right?
No.
No?
No.
Oh my God.
We only went up the once and it was to that Italian place.
Down the tellover.
That's the one.
And we never took you to Berns?
No.
Were you there the whole week?
No.
I spent one night there.
In Tampa?
Correct.
And then what?
And then I came home just like Chicago, just like.
Well, this year didn't why you around very much.
I wasn't plugged in, you know, I was never a member of any fraternity anywhere that I, you know, were.
Wow.
So you didn't get a chance to see Randy doing all that lesbian stuff at the Dell house.
I missed it.
Oh.
Which is nice.
Well luckily I didn't need it.
That's fine.
Oh, not another pool idea.
Oh, which of these places would you never be called dead at?
Oh, it's not that bad actually.
Thanks Paul.
If it isn't, if it isn't a list, it's a pool idea.
That's what we've been reduced to just like the phone.
The same thing.
Building the pool or a pool idea.
Am I right?
That's it.
How many can you name me?
Whatever it is.
How many blanking names?
Answered by what?
What's the name do you like the best?
Answer a question.
Not the word raster.
Well here we go again.
I'm so...
Wonderful WQAM.
Where the action is.
Are you clearin'?
Oh, I go, dude.
Did you sign up for the QAM talent show?
Yeah, I'm sprinting.
Sprinting.
Sweetly.
Watch out fast I can cross the street.
And now I'm over here.
And now I'm over here.
Well, I don't want to see it again.
No.
So what are you going to do?
I play the zipper.
The zipper?
Yeah, see?
Here.
What else?
Oh, yeah.
It's Mozart.
Yeah, yeah.
You hear what that sounded a little bit like?
Oh, yeah.
Can I?
What happened?
Is it?
That's a zipper, right?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Or can't you tell?
I can.
Sounds like leather pants on a leather chair.
It sounds like what?
Leather pants on a leather chair.
You know when you're adjusting your position?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And somebody thinks that you did something and you didn't.
You just...
That's right.
Just stuff on your ass a little bit.
Oh, no.
Really? That sounded like you made it yourself.
You shifted your cheek.
Well, whatever.
I just thought of my kind of amusing to drop a few of those in.
1133 at 560 WQAM.
Boy, it is slim and grim and you want to know why?
Why?
It just dawned on me.
You know where the whole audience is right now?
No.
Denny's.
That's right.
I forgot all about that.
I didn't get behind.
Well, the audience didn't...
Branden says have to deal with something for the orifice first,
but I'll be keeping two to my mission.
I'm going to five guys for lunch.
Spirry Port is on the way.
How do you like that?
See, there's a guy that comes through for us.
He's not like George who promises to go to five guys.
I did the check it out.
Five guys, burgers in the fries.
Yeah.
And Snot.
But we'll find out.
We'll see what the report is.
I mean, when you get a big buildup like that,
oh, this is the greatest...
I mean, how good could it be, you know?
I'm not saying I had some really great burgers in my time,
but how great can it be?
I still like that black anus burger with bacon and cheddar
for Mickey D's.
Yeah.
Volca pizzas.
I was up late the other night.
A classic movie I haven't seen in a long time came on.
Network.
Now we're talking.
You're talking my language, Pete.
I'm as loud as hell.
But I don't think it's anything to me.
It's as great now as it was then.
But what struck me the most was just how relevant the message is for today's
political climate.
It matters what we're talking about.
Our current recession,
high gas prices, corporate globalization, et cetera.
Yeah, and about how the Saudis bought up the whole damn world.
Climate, matter, hell, I look like a racist anymore.
How prophetic this film is.
Everything they say has come true, including the absolute meltdown of our media
and their shift from real news to infotainment.
To Kaka.
Climate, matter, hell, I look like a racist anymore.
Oh.
Network might as well have been a looking glass into the future
and to think that this masterpiece was made over 30 years ago.
Penny Chapsky was a freaking genius.
Climate, matter, hell, I look like a racist anymore.
And that's why, like when some puts like Josh Portis comes on the show and say,
oh, I watched it, but I fell asleep.
I just was boring.
Idiot.
And by the way, let me tell you again, if he thinks he's getting another check for me,
you pay him.
I'll pay him a compliment.
Yeah, pay him a compliment.
Like, oh, yeah, you're not as dumb as usual today, like that.
Hey, nice shoes.
Yeah.
Nice butt.
No.
Well, it was an eye opener when I first viewed it, meaning network,
but now it has a no-strutamus quality to it, oh, no-strutamus.
Thanks again for recommending this movie to me so many years ago,
like so many recommendations you've given me over the years,
it's made an unmistakable difference in my life.
Keep up the good works as Boca Pied.
Climate, matter, hell, I look like a racist anymore.
Listen to me.
Television is not the truth.
So turn off your television, since turn them off right in the middle of the city.
There he goes.
Peter Finch, what a shame.
Yep, what a shame.
He's still dead, by the way.
Aren't you bummed out about that?
You know, this thing with the pull.
I don't, maybe at the end of the show, I'll read the result.
Maybe not.
I'm not going to go down this whole laundry list of crap.
With export is the worst.
Now, which knucklehead sentence is this, Sean?
With export is the worst?
Oh, God.
Lawrence is right.
These pull ideas, I would wish him on Heinrich Kimmer.
I would wish him on Sid the Kid.
That's how bad he's, I wouldn't wish him on footy or Jimmy Syphilite.
And by the way, you notice how all the radio mavens have vanished.
Have you noticed that even Barry Jackass?
All of our fake people have disappeared.
Oh, those fake people.
They're writing us different fake people today.
No, they're not today.
You sure?
No, they aren't.
Okay.
No.
I'm sure they're there.
They're out there.
You're confusing the chronics.
I always do.
I always do.
Now that you've mentioned them, I'm sure they'll, you know.
No, I don't think so.
I bet you would.
Fake very Jackass, fake to a Reynolds, fake Greg Budell, fake sunny fox, fake to a...
Those people are die hard.
Well, I wish they would soon.
Great show as usual.
I must say that five guys does make a great burger, but very greasy.
I still say the best burgers since I've voted a char-hot.
Well, I'll go along with that because char-hot has a bad sponsor on his station.
And last I heard five guys didn't spend a dime with us.
I've never had a bad burger at char-hot.
I love char-hot.
I told you, when I used to go to the doctor, the uphill doctor.
Right.
Afterward, after that I had my blood drawn and all that.
Then on the way back home, I would stop at the char-hot there on the Nubhill Road, Snobhill.
It's not just great, but I really like being right there while they're cooking it.
And the Italian sausage with cheese and a slice of onion, man.
You can't top that with anything.
That sounds good.
You can't beat it with a stick.
I want to.
Here's one from Oishmoy.
Neil, if the tourists to waste their cash in Florida, could visit the untamed interior of our state.
They would run like Jesse Owens back to their cars and haul ass out of there.
Most of the coastal cities are okay, but once you go a few miles inland, it gets pretty scary.
Nothing but Yahoo's and Rednecks, skulking around looking for beer and cigarettes.
My advice to the uninformed is to go anywhere but Florida.
It says Oishmoy.
Well, I don't know.
This place is in Florida that might be worth seeing.
I don't know where they are, but Panama City is pretty to look at, you know.
A lot of Rednecks there, a lot of them Christian busloads of Christian students to stop by there and screw their brains out on the beach for Christ.
Just an amazing place.
Oh, another poll.
When that plane crashed into a snowy Iowa cornfield 50 years ago.
50 years ago this morning.
Did you know that?
No.
Which one of the people killed on the day the music died was America's biggest loss.
The chronic and cocoa.
Well, there's only four people died.
Buddy Holly, Richie Valens, JP Richardson, the big buffer and the pilot.
Well, who now cares about the pilot?
What kind of what was he?
Somebody guessed that he had, yeah.
Right.
Besides the last one there.
Richie Valens couldn't see his way out of a paper sack.
Right.
Can't stand him.
Oh my God.
Like that.
And Buddy Holly.
I mean overrated.
The big buffer.
A medley of his hit.
What was his big hit?
Chantilly lace and I think that's it.
And that's it.
He's on that infomercial by the way with the what's his name?
Bouter.
Let me see if I can find some of that.
Oh no.
Come on now.
You can do it.
Hello, babe.
Oh no.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, my darling.
Don't you rise.
It's on your promise.
It's on your promise.
You know, one thing about Connie Frances, wasn't she like in the nut house for a while?
I think that's ours.
Yes.
She had like some issues.
And you could tell by looking at her man there was something just, I don't know, she couldn't deal with it.
She's picking on your car.
Like a beautiful little baby.
Like that.
Oh, God will these guys are happy.
The kids.
Well, not from this girl.
Oh, my girl.
Get the girl.
They got that board on.
Put them down.
Come on, let's hear the positive name.
I still have a hand in there.
Oh, I can't believe it.
I'm doing the hands I've a founder.
Who is always my favorite dance because you could do it sitting down.
You could do it.
And that what America's all about Bowser, you could use could do it.
No, I don't like that pull about buddy.
I mean, there's four people on there, which one was the biggest loss?
Oh, that's like which letter of the alphabet you like the best.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
I'm going to grab my junior, honey.
A soap opera like nothing you've seen before.
Excuse me, a seam father.
What is it my child?
I have something I must tell you.
What is it my daughter?
Oh father, I am afraid to tell you.
Afraid to tell me your own father?
I fear I will be ashamed upon our family.
Nonsense.
I am your father.
I love you very much.
You must tell me what is wrong.
You promise you will still love me?
Of course my sweet child.
Of father's love is not erased by a simpleness need.
Very well.
I am...
I am pregnant.
Oh, I see.
Do you still love me father?
Of course I do.
But since you're pregnant and not married...
Yes father?
I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square.
And with the help of my friends and neighbors,
I'll stone you today.
It is my daughter.
It is written that this is the punishment for what you have done.
Could you check again father?
I should only be grounded.
No, the grounding is not what I must have you stoned.
It's the first time I've caught this on a fundamentalist Middle Eastman fan.
May I speak with you, my esteemed husband?
What is it my wife?
I have something to tell you.
Am I listening?
I am having an affair.
Oh, I see.
Are you going?
Or after the backyard to collect some stone?
How do you mean?
Yes, I must drag you to the town square where you will of course be stoned today.
You'll be mesmerized.
As she followed the lives of the Fuck Med family
and they deal with the many problems that plague them.
Who may I speak with you, my esteemed father?
Yes, my son.
My father.
Last night I used the little drugs.
Well, what do you know?
You are one lucky boy.
Oh, why is that father?
You are going to get stoned two nights in a row.
You love one of this.
The guiding she is.
The guiding she is shot on location in Baghdad.
13 kilometers.
At 560 WQM.
Because you could do it sitting down.
Oh, brother.
If he isn't the guy with the eyes, I don't know who he is.
And then the guy with the woodbine looks just like the two of them.
Here is a great poll idea from Fred and Boca.
What is your favorite WMD?
Fusion bomb, fish and bomb, neutron bomb, chemical weapon, biological agent, jumbo jet, etc.
I still like that.
What is your favorite letter?
Yeah.
26 choices.
It is certainly better than that.
Hey, do we have to limit ourselves to the English language alphabet?
That is right.
What is your favorite foreign language letter?
Right.
I want to owe mega.
What is your favorite Hebrew letter?
How about Zed?
What is your favorite word in Yiddish?
Oh, no.
Too much deli.
That is what I will do it every time.
You will get a crocky.
Oh, look out.
That is why the Goyam can't say Hanukkah.
They are not even on the deli.
I got practice.
I am going to tell you something.
They are all at Denys.
You might be right.
I think you are right.
Here is one that came in before 11 o'clock.
Jeff and Orlando says I just started and he says PS George Rules.
Thank you, Jen.
I just started listening to the show today.
So if you already talked about this, I am sorry.
So Denys is giving away free grand slams until 2 p.m.
So my coworker and I figured we would head to our nearest Denys to see if there is even a chance of being seated right away.
The line was out the door and around the building, WTF, we turned right to hell around.
Seriously, waiting probably what looks like for hours for a $5 breakfast is the location near UCF and Orlando, a 50,000 student university.
So I guess it is understandable.
Still, unless it is aligned for free BJs, I am not waiting more than 10 minutes.
So many free loaders and so little time.
Keep up the good work, Neil.
You keep me entertained through the toughest part of the day in George Rules.
Jeff and Orlando, he likes this.
Thanks, Jeff.
Just fine.
Now, how long... Here is a good poll question.
How many minutes would you stand in line for a free anything at Denys?
I will give you my answer.
Oh!
None.
Even one of those pies.
Oh, those mother huff or pies.
I don't think they have those anymore.
Do they?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Since you have been in Denys.
Yeah.
There is a Denys by my house.
There is a Denys right by my house.
Well, I will be damned.
I will see you there.
All right.
Let's go now.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Are you going to play one of those today or what?
Are you going to play one of those today or what?
If you insist.
I do.
I'm begging you.
All right.
One moment, please.
Well, first of all, this one visc that Bokers...
I mean, I know it's not his fault.
But the one from Hascom has got all the Super Bowl crap on it.
What the hell do I want that for?
Super Bowl crap, which is dated and they were not going to play.
Although, I guess I could still play it and people would say,
Oh, boy, that sure was funny.
Oh, or not.
Or they would more likely say, boy, that was all outdated.
The Super Bowl was on Sunday.
And you know, what's wrong with you?
Likely.
Well, from the hotpot on M.A.C.M.B.C., I've Chris Maddews.
I've got to be honest with you.
I feel like a little fluffy white kitten who's just been giving a warm ball of milk.
I feel like a completely different person since we have a new president Barack Obama.
It's just like I had show ghost whisperer with Jennifer Love Hewitt,
a play psychic medium of indigodin,
which he looks at Sam.
She sees that that husband Jim's face is when he died he jumped in the same spotty.
I draw the parallel because when people look at me they see me,
Chris Maddews from Hydebought, M.A.C.,
but when I look in the mirror, I see a little girl in a pink wrapper,
my hair and pig tails, looking at a lollipop,
and like a two-footed circumference.
I feel like Rose from Tona Half-Man,
you know Charlie Stark or girlfriend.
I'm totally in love with a man who doesn't know him alive.
But it matters not.
People say to me, hey Chris,
what about the fact that the doubt plans to its lowest level
on a night-gumeration day history?
So what?
People say to me, hey Chris,
how can we possibly create four million new jobs under the Obama administration?
I say he can.
He's a candy man.
He can take a rainbow, wrap it in his side.
So get in the sun and make it gravy lemon pie.
I feel like a cherry pop type that's been big,
golden brown, the perfection and the toaster oven.
And he's just sitting on the counter waiting to be consumed.
I feel like Angelina Jolie's underpets.
It's a new day.
Same on crappy economy, war is horrible, real estate market,
endless despair and divisiveness.
But now we have a president who can take tomorrow.
Dip it in a dream, separate the sorrow and collect a ball of cream,
a bomb of can.
A bomb of can.
He's a candy man.
I'm Chris Mattress, but I'm high-pitched.
I'm a semi-seed.
Who can take a sun ride?
And then sprinkle it with dough, a bivocan.
He covers it in chocolate and a miracle too.
You know what?
He's a candy man.
Yes, he can.
The candy man.
Well, there you go, no extra charge.
I love the way that ends, single.
All of it.
A real abrupt.
Yeah.
Like they just ran out of tape.
Right.
Let me put the two eight minutes to noon at 560 WQM.
Neil at Nearoges.com for all your purification emails.
And no more polls, please, please cracker, please.
Oh my God, if you could see the stuff that's on there,
you would vomit.
And speak of the vomit.
Wait till you're this email.
Second request for a high resolution image for Newsmax article.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
From Paula Pradeen's information specialist, Newsmax Media Inc.
Here in Neil, we need a photo of you high resolution for inclusion in the story Newsmax is doing for our printed magazine for April.
No, thanks.
We are profiling the top 25 local radio show, top show host.
In the past, although we consider our considered conservative, we ran.
Consider conservative.
The top 25 syndicated big radio, top show host.
Our list included many liberal personalities such as Howard Stern, OP and Anthony, Randy Rhodes, etc.
As well as conservative talkers, we've conservative my ass to the right of Hitler, OK, to the right of Genghis Khan.
Newsmax.com.
I don't want to be involved with your rag, OK, Paula?
Please send us a high resolution image of your self or inclusion.
300 DPI or better.
Thank you for your help and congratulations.
That's my response to you, Paula.
Newsmax.com.
Oh my god, can you believe that?
I believe it.
I'm going to send them a picture of my ass.
God, that's just...
And the fact that I didn't respond to the first one, is there a message there?
Emails.
Don't you want to get the message, Paula?
I didn't respond to the first one.
I didn't read it.
Remember how you read it?
A Riley Factor was always calling and leaving voicemails wanting you to be a guest on the show.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, so I could promote his local radio show that got a point after he finally had...
They just dropped him all together.
No billow on radio.
He made a hell of an impact in this market, not quite as much as Man Cow.
And I still haven't got one more email about...
What's his name?
Bubba loves Bunch.
No.
The only...
Oh, he says nice things about you as if I'm going to sit here and kiss his ass.
I never heard him.
And so far, the handful of emails I have gotten about him is that he's redneck radio.
Vintage Tampa radio like Ron and Ron.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Oh yes, there is.
Not for me.
Nist from here?
Nist from here.
Get it right, okay.
Nist from here.
Never took no German class.
Well, get with it.
Newsmax.com. My ass.
Can you believe that?
Let's go to Denys.
I'm trying to think if there's Denys here, I don't know.
I don't know.
And can I do you?
I guess there probably are.
I don't know.
Do you know?
I don't know.
I'm going to Google it during a break.
Denys Canada.
You could Google it right now.
I know the Northwest we have four Bs, at least we used to.
We have why?
Four Bs.
They are a Denys equivalent.
But more regional.
Four Bs?
Yes.
The number four and the B apostrophe S.
I see.
Well, that's a bit pull idea right there.
What do you like better?
Denys are four Bs.
The distinction was subtle.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
What about Perkins?
I like Perkin pancake.
Yeah.
That's a little bit more upscale, I would think, than Denys, right?
So Denys is given away free grand slam still to a clock today.
Get out there and get online.
I guess if you're online by two, they still have to.
Denys service.
It is.
It is.
Yes.
Trying to think where there is one.
Not that I want to go there, you understand, but nevertheless.
Hi, 16 Goldstein.
But you can call me Delzy.
Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town.
It's the 12th of one hour.
No fart sounds were used or harmed in the making of this promotion.
Here's the 360.
Four five, 60s, 360 on.
Where to go.
What to do.
Who to see.
And whatever it is you want to do.
Somewhere around here.
Boom.
Your community might have stationed five, 60 wqa.
Your format failure.
Leader.
Join WQAM at Jennifer's escort lounge from 12 to 2AM and choose from a buffet of beauties
that will strengthen to the reception lobby for you.
WQAM will be there with lots of cool prizes.
Then join WQAM at Rachel's Roe Speedham volume from 2 to 3 AM.
Rachel's features sexy latinas who have given birth to no less than five children.
WQAM will be there with lots of cool prizes.
The sales staff at WQAM will not rest until they can come free look at every more house in town.
So join WQAM at Jim's Top and Bottom Gentleman's Club from 3 to 5 PM.
Client favorite peaches will not be available until she takes care of that mysterious pimple.
WQAM will be there with lots of cool prizes.
Not.
12.01 at 5.60 WQAM and the chicken egg was kind enough to include for us on this disc.
The zipper drop.
Excellent.
The zipper drop.
The zipper drop.
The zipper drop.
The zipper drop.
How do you like that?
I love it.
I'm playing at the whole rest of the show.
So what do you think about that meeting?
Any more rumors around the building?
No.
I haven't been outside of this room and nobody's coming here.
Nobody's coming there and whisper in your ear.
Nope.
And said, oh, there's a big shakeup going on.
Like that?
No.
I think it's about to move down the street.
Probably.
Or pay cuts.
Or both.
And pay cuts.
Well, you know, it's going to cost money to make that move.
Mm-hmm.
Well, you guys are going to have to chip in, man.
Chip in.
Don't be begging for cars and stuff and more money.
Guess who I have an email from.
You'll never guess in a million years.
Mr. Radio.
The fake.
Now, let me give you a clue.
The pocket fisherman.
Ron Popeel.
The fake Ron Popeel.
Hi, Neil.
What's shaking?
I hope the years have been kind to you.
I hear your show continues to do well.
So I take it.
Your is entertaining as ever.
If you should have a chance, go ahead and visit my website.
Ronco.com.
See all my new and fantastic products and some old favorites.
How's that rotisserie of yours cooking?
I don't have one.
You may wonder why I'm contacting you after so long
or response.
Well, it's simple, so long or repose.
I was told a short while ago you were pondering why
and where did those truck nuts come from?
Why me, of course, they were Ronco product.
No.
I got the idea when I was vacationing in Finland that had
the fortune or misfortune depending on how you look at it,
to be driving on a path behind a local meat merchant,
going to market to sell his wares.
Low and behold, there were goat and lamb testicles
hanging from the back of his cart swinging freely.
I later found out they were considered a delicacy
and are actually tasty.
Anyway, the image left an indelible print in my mind's eye.
Weeks later, back in America, I was driving in a suburb
and pulled them up to a red light alongside one of those
juiced up pickup trucks.
It was a mile days so we had our windows open.
I glanced over the driver.
He nodded his head, revved his engine, said aloud.
She's got balls.
When I drove away, I transposed the picture
from the back of the meat cart and voila.
Truck nuts.
Shall I send you a set for your vet?
Take care, Ron Popeel.
PS, I see you made the move to Canada.
Toronto is a great city.
You know, living in the cold north, you need to stay warm.
So I'd like to take, wait a minute here this.
So I'd like to take the opportunity to introduce you
to one of my brand new items, the Flaxulence-powered body glove.
You put the flannel body suit on and insert the smooth pipe
aderated apparatus into your anus, lube optional, and far away.
The suit has an esophagus that filters the hydrogen sulfide
which produces an oxythamine and uses the heat of the methane
to cheer up a warm and comfortable clothing experience.
Let me know if you want to try it.
Hell, why not?
I heard you were hawking the P golf club made by a friend of mine
that damn thing works.
From my assume, the fake Ron Popeel.
Maybe George thinks it's the real Ron Popeel.
No, I wish, though.
Do you think it's stuck around for some more free crap?
Oh, I like that pasta maker.
Remember that I broke the first time I used it?
Yeah.
And I really like the nifty sound of me.
The Ron Popeel pasta machine, it was a bad machine, man.
Bad machine.
Wow.
Maybe it's the real Ron Popeel.
Maybe he wants to stick that long tube into my...
What do you think?
Sound great.
Look at this, a couple of traverses.
The poles are starting to get a bit stale.
Time to spice things up for us, purfs with some sex poles.
Or is that can't that be because Joyce has you by the truck balls?
That's right.
How about what's your favorite fetish?
Don't that.
What's your favorite sexual position?
How many different sex partners have you had?
Don't that.
What animal would you do if it was just you and that animal on the deserted island?
Oh, God.
What animal would you do?
Larry says on my way to my office, I passed it in his house.
So I said, okay, free meal.
Well, forget about it.
The line was way into the parking lot.
This was about 10 a.m.
Come on, Larry.
Yee of little heart.
I wonder if we have anybody out there who actually got to Denys between...
Well, 6 a.m. and now, and it's going on till 2 o'clock.
For their free grand slam.
Now, what actually is a grand slam?
Not that I would ever eat it.
It's got like everything.
Bacon, eggs, sausage, hash browns, toast.
Jelly.
Yeah.
Jam, heart-to-peer, yeah.
Jam on a tree.
Yeah.
Anything else?
Rather?
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
No, you got it.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
I can't, I can't go.
You know, the reason that that's so funny is because it is so absolutely true.
He does the worst interviews in history because he doesn't let anybody say anything.
And he'll ask a question, and it would certainly appear to the average schmuck that he's done with the question.
And so the guest starts to answer the question.
You can't, because it's television, you can see the guest on the screen,
starting to, you know, move his lips and say something.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
But let me ask you.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Very sad.
And he's got a bad speech impediment, but I've had a great broadcaster.
I'm sure that Leo would like him.
He's no guilty.
He doesn't squeak nearly as bad as Geldie, but nevertheless, I bet you Leo would like to have a date with Christmas.
He'd like to be the sandwich between Geldie and Christmas views.
Mike says, tell that guy asking for his bailout.
Remember the guy from Miami Beach?
Yeah.
That he has it.
It's called Chapter 7 or 13.
I hear tons of people are letting their mortgage and credit card bills go,
figuring the worst can happen is that their credit rating goes in the toilet,
and even then it comes back after many years.
They figure they don't need a credit rating if they've made their major purchases for their lives, home and car,
and you can certainly get by without credit cards.
I've even talked to some financial people who say they're not necessarily wrong.
I think these situations are one of the worst threats to the economy.
What if everybody did it?
It's a bad situation, baby. It's his mic.
If you let your mortgage go and your credit card bills go,
of course, if you let your mortgage payment go, they're going to come and repo your house.
Right.
Right?
Yep.
And if your credit rating goes in the toilet, you're not going to be able to get alone to buy another one.
Right.
But nevertheless, I guess just be a squatter in one of those empty houses.
Well, after the meeting today, now you better be sure and text me with whatever that,
because I'll probably be sitting at a mediocre machine when that meeting takes place.
I'll be on it.
So surreptitiously tap something on your phone.
Here's one that says from Corey, I'm in four peers.
It's like being surrounded by a constant state of misery and failure.
It's like I got my free breakfast this morning and thankfully,
one way to wait for this to squirt at me to the front counter,
jumping the rest of the line since I was by myself.
I suppose it's worth it if you're by yourself and one in and out plate,
but otherwise, then he's is ignorable.
What a good word that is.
It's ignorable.
Mm-hmm.
Great description, Corey.
Keep up the great work, Uncle Neil.
Thanks to George for exposing us to so much new and unique music when he does the shows.
PS, I'm leaving this boring ass truck stop town of Fort Pierce by June.
If not sooner.
Well, good luck to your Corey.
Get that out of there.
Fort Pierce, what a place.
I don't think I've ever driven through it.
I don't think I've ever stopped for a day.
Red neck baby.
Real red neck.
Fort Pierce and Viral Beach.
Real, real red neck, man.
You don't come to the lab.
No, I never stopped in the hung out.
They don't come to your room.
This is Barney Faggot.
I don't hear him though.
Zero.
What?
There is now a deeply rooted anger on the part of the average American.
What?
How about you, she thinks is a very unfair set of arrangements.
They see a financial industry that helped close these bad problems.
And they see themselves as a victim.
What?
Take those up.
Oh, so they're one or two more.
I'm asking for my hand and more snow expected to hit Kentucky.
Well, screw them.
You care about Louisville and the people in Kentucky.
I don't know.
I don't want to sound insensitive, but screw Kentucky.
Not your red neck.
Jimmy Dorsky is back.
Oh, boy, are we desperate or what?
I'm about to print this one out.
It's long.
But then again from Jimmy D you knew of, oh my god.
It goes on and on.
Good.
Thanks Jimmy.
We need a lot of good time killers today, man.
We got almost two hours to kill.
See this, this email thing has worked out.
I would say I give it about eight and a half on a scale of 10.
It's worked out pretty well, but on days like today when it's really slim and grim.
And the only option for me other than sitting and read a bunch of bedtime stories, which I don't want to do,
is take a bunch of stupid ass calls.
I'll leave the calls to George.
He's great with the calls.
He gets all the intellectuals.
That's right.
Right?
Oh, yeah.
They call twice.
Here's Doug about that he's grand slam.
Oh, here it is.
It's got the menu of it.
Let me, let me push my.
It's like it's in blue background.
Two of everything I think comes with two eggs, two pancakes, two slices of bacon, two sausages.
And to those people that are on health jags, they're just jealous.
It says, keep up the good work.
Love your dog.
Okay.
Thanks, Doug.
Next time no blue background, please.
Had to shove this thing over on the, you know, had to shove it.
Dear Neil, passed by my neighborhood Denys about an hour ago.
And these two photos of the people standing online outside this door to say 599 grand slam breakfast.
Here's the pictures.
Let me look.
I don't know.
It's just a bunch of folks milling around.
Many of them dark, conflicted by the way.
It's interesting.
This Denys is located northeast 15th Avenue, Miami Garden is drive from Steve and North Miami Beach.
Thanks, Steve.
So I actually get to see the people milling around outside.
Oh, here's another one from a friend, not a fan, but a friend.
And this looks like the same Denys and the same picture with a lot of the same dark folks standing around.
And one white guy who's standing there with his hands behind his back.
I think it would be kind of amusing if he put his hands up in the air, but nevertheless.
So what do you think, grand slam?
Sounds great.
Oh, and they let you substitute.
They want?
They let you substitute like it.
Today?
Yeah, like if you want double bacon instead of the sausage, they do that.
Wow.
At Denys.
Well, I got to find out where my neighborhood Denys is.
Now I'll be seeing you tomorrow.
All right.
Here, let's do good.
Five, 60, WQAL.
Your side, hold on.
We've been taking a brutal beating in the ratings in the afternoon for too long.
The last ratings book finally convinced management that sports holia should never have expanded beyond a five-minute featurette.
It's empty frame that you want and information.
Oh, is that what were on the air for?
Coming soon to sport holia five, 60 WQAL.
The blue men, three guys painted blue.
We'll contort their bodies into different shapes and words.
Two in four and in three teams.
All right.
We're the blue men.
And we're-
Can I talk?
Yeah.
We can talk in that.
Sure, sure.
Go ahead.
Our career only went as far as the Pentium dual core.
Yeah, we haven't been employed since the Pentium four.
So now we bring our talents to you on the radio.
Okay, here.
Here is the letter S.
I gotta hold my head.
The letter P.
I'm gonna shoulder some of you on the chair.
I gotta get the letter P.
Oh, letter O.
Oh, buddy.
Oh, oh.
All right.
Let's get back it back down.
A letter R.
Let's go.
We're going back here.
Let's go.
We're going to get the letter R and T.
That's the easy one.
We're S again.
All right.
S for contorting.
S for contorting.
S for the benefit of our listeners.
We just spelled sports.
The blue men.
Yeah, and five sixty.
WQHN.
Where the only thing that matters is nothing.
You're Ferrari.
From 18 to 560 WQM, happy Tuesday to it.
February the third.
And Brandon's got the food.
All right.
He says, I have the food from five guys so far.
I'm pleased.
Full read for what I'm done.
And you two, one of those into.
How do you like that?
There's a guy that, you know, we give him an assa-
Well, he takes the assignment upon himself.
I didn't ask him to go there.
Unlike George who all are kind of forward to eat at five guys.
Yeah, I can't afford to eat at McDonald's these days.
And where?
McDonald's.
Oh, what about the Grand Slam?
Maybe the McDonald's dumpster.
I get it there.
Now, I bet there's a lot of good crap gets tossed in there.
Wouldn't surprise me.
I bet there's a long line out in front of it too.
At the dumpster, well, if there's not yet, there will be soon.
There will be soon, OK?
Well, you know, these toxic loans and all this other crap.
And everything is a lie.
Everything is a bunch of bull crap.
Speaking of the movie network, that's the greatest line in the history of any movie.
Ned Betty says to Peter Finch,
the world is a business Mr. Beal.
Climax ladder L, I don't know what to think of anymore.
Oh!
And that's right.
That's F&A, man.
The world is a fricking business.
Now, here's an email and picture.
Guess who's in the picture?
You.
No.
Rachel Madden.
Greg Budell and Paul Schaefer.
OK.
And it says, from Greg Budell,
you've been hucking a trinic about my space.
You should go to Facebook.
I'll be your friend, Greg.
No.
No, I'm not going to Facebook.
I had enough tourists already with my space, which is already on the way onto the climb.
What an incredible waste of time.
My God.
Jesus.
1600 frames on there.
And I get an average of maybe one email every two, three weeks.
Caca.
Yeah.
And then I get all these people who want to be my friend on there.
And I approve most of them.
And then they never write anything anyway.
They're like the people on the email.
Now they got nothing to say.
Facebook.
Everything is hype, man.
Everything.
Well, and George is on Facebook.
Yep.
Yeah.
I'd be surprised to hear who some of George's friends are on there.
Yep.
He's your friend.
Oh, yeah.
So, speaking of that, Jimmy Dorsky says, I'll give you an update, but I haven't listened in weeks.
I would.
Bubba and listed this so-called Bubba Army Fans in the show to contact.
Serious XM Management to show their support to him and threaten cancellation of their subscriptions
if his contract was not renewed.
He was having an incredibly hard time doing two shows a day, one on terrestrial, one on serious,
and was taking its toll on the show and its staff.
No kidding.
When Sirius finally caved and renewed Bubba's contract, Bubba then decided to do four terrestrial shows per week
and one live serious show on Fridays.
The terrestrial shows are rebroadcasted, on serious and all their censored awfulness.
Nice way to thank the fans on satellite, making them pay for a free, watered-down show.
Of course, whenever they're criticized for this, they claimed the pissed off fans weren't real fans,
just like the people who spoke out against Bush were called traders.
Serious has licked genitals since the merger and is no longer worth paying for.
Bubba actually had some decent humor between the NASCAR wrestling talk, but no way in hell I would listen again.
I'd rather hear Paul Harvey describe in detail about him raping my mother.
How do you like that?
A commentary there about Bubba, about that whole Sirius mess.
And isn't that interesting that that came in right on the side by each with that one from Greg Vudelle?
Coincidences?
No. There are no coincidences.
Oh, the fake Larry King went to five guys over the weekend.
It's okay, but it gave me the schmitz. Well, good, Larry.
If anybody needed some help,
I think what he's trying to say is his bag run-off over.
Here's a long email from Kathy.
You want to hear it?
Yes.
Well, I'm going to print it out first.
Okay. Believe me, I'm doing one at a time.
It's not like there's an outpour in there.
No rush. Take a ton.
And there's a new poll here, which, which export is the worst?
If that isn't the worst poll we've ever done on this show, I'd rather have footies in a poll about where the venture barbecue in town or whatever.
Let's put this poll on the poll.
What? Let's put this poll on the poll.
What do you mean?
These polls.
These eyes?
Yes. That's a bad export.
Oh, I apologize to the world for that poll being on there.
Sorry. Did I send one to Eric for tomorrow?
I don't know.
I doubt it.
Poll switch. Nothing to switch. No, I did not.
Oh, did you hear that?
I hear something.
It's a fart sound.
That was a truck farting.
Sorry, Joyce.
It was a truck making those nasty farting sounds.
Well, we have no more polls.
I deleted all that other Schmidt.
And now the thing is at least that thing that the view is empty.
Now there are some on there.
Paul, if you could wave a magic wand and change the chronically bad habit of self-order drivers,
one bad habit, it would be tailgating faded use turns signals.
There's a whole list.
I like this one.
I'm, I think I already forwarded one, but never listen forwarding this one.
That's the one for tomorrow, Eric.
Eric.
There you go.
All right.
Thanks, Paul.
And we got a couple more.
I think maybe we got to like Schmidt can to poll for a while.
Okay.
Anything fun by me?
Boy, what a load off.
That would be.
Mm-hmm.
It's a pain in the ass.
Oh, yes.
First thing we couldn't have like your favorite soup like yesterday, which generated 90% of the emails,
oh, you left off lentil and it was wrong with you.
It'll win hands down your pants.
Yeah, right.
We put it on there and that's the one guy that voted for lentil.
If lentil is your favorite soup, then your taste buds are in your...
Brackdom.
...took us, okay?
Took us.
Kathy says, been listening to Baba for about a week.
Nothing outstanding in your report.
He's more of what Morning Radio has degraded into.
Stream of consciousness between a bunch of people.
As though the listeners are allowed to overhear their conversation.
Sometimes it's talking about things in the news, but sometimes it's just Baba asking one of them
what sounds like a dozen people working for him to set up promotions or bits for him.
Show prepping personal business on the air.
Still, it's like great sex compared to the Don I'm a show.
I've heard you mentioned this while in the show it's one of the class acts that's...
...that you're one of those who are secure in their place in the market and don't have to tear down others on here to make themselves feel big.
Unfortunately, also on that list were Jim Roman Glenn Beck, who was directly opposite everything that nobody liked me.
Here's about them.
Oh.
I go to Denys this morning, around 720 and got straight in.
Went to the one of US, won a commercial.
Haven't been to with Denys more than a year.
They weren't messing around just to assume that that was what everybody was there for and asked you how you wanted your eggs.
The bacon was just as tough as I remember but the rest was great. The pancakes especially.
Ah!
Got a soda and with a tip of cost me three bucks.
I admit I tried again in the future when I've been actively avoiding them. This is Kathy.
Well, take care Kathy and don't be making a habit of that.
That Denys.
I don't think I would go there if they gave me for free.
Would you?
Yeah.
Well, no, I'm sorry, I asked in the wrong guy.
Sorry.
A guy that can't afford to go to five guys.
Sure as hell can't afford to pass up free meals anywhere.
That's right.
Anywhere.
Even at the Y, I'll bet.
How are we doing on this poll that I want?
I think what we ought to do is take this one off of there.
I don't want to read the result.
I don't want to talk about.
We got 141 votes on it though.
I don't like it.
I don't just not like it.
I hate it.
I'm embarrassed and humiliated and degraded by it.
And I think it's your buddy Sean from Hollywood.
That won all that money at Gulf Streams on Friday.
Biggest name.
The best town.
He ain't helped so much.
It's 4.30 a 5.60.
Only in the Banana Republic baby.
Only in Miami.
Oh, let again.
Yeah, we read every day.
Oh, my track marks it.
Shut up and skin that rat.
Wait a minute.
There is another way.
Rat Aroni.
Rat Aroni.
That's right.
Rat Aroni.
The Chicago Getto Treat.
Kids, rats on.
Mmm, I mean this rat is good.
Yeah, bitch, don't read you good.
Fast to crack pipe.
Rat Aroni.
The Chicago Getto Treat.
Yeah, bitch, I'm good.
Cuff 31.
So I just email.
I just faxed.
I mean, Eric, a new poll, which I scoot them all up
because everybody had the other poll for tomorrow on there.
That's great.
I'm covering for George.
I think he's dropping a doose.
What?
Yeah, yeah.
How you doing?
You're covering for George.
He's dropping a joys.
Yeah, he came out in the hallway and obviously, you know.
In distress.
Yeah.
He was a little flustered to say the least.
Really?
Figured I'd help him out.
Well, that was damn wide here.
There you go.
You're still not getting any money.
Okay.
Anyway, Eric, if you're alive,
Schmidt can one that I sent you for tomorrow and replace it with one I just faxed to you
and let's get it on there right away as soon as possible, as soon as humanly possible.
Poor Eric.
I scoot up all his plans.
I'm asking the audience in this new poll,
should Neil Schmidt can the polls?
Yes, permanently.
Yes, for a while.
No, I love them or WTF.
That would you really do that?
Sure.
Yeah.
Do you have any idea how difficult it is to come up with these polls?
Oh, I can't even imagine.
I wouldn't want to do it.
I mean, you try to do something different and something interesting all the time.
Every day, day after day, as opposed to like, what he used to do when he had a show for about a minute
and put a poll on there.
Leave it there for days and weeks and months on in until people finally started like
peeing all over their laptops.
God.
And then for the made a disappearance has been seen since.
I wonder how Jimmy's civil-litics polls are doing.
You ever listen to Jimmy's civil-lit?
Yeah, all the time.
Oh, George is back.
And you're not going to check either.
Oh, that's the announcement at the meeting.
I should have asked your buddy there what what he thinks the meeting is going to be about.
He probably knows he's very tight with Joe.
No, I really don't know.
There's rumors.
What are the rumors?
Most people are guessing that it's about the move to the other building.
Right.
And then the other dark rumor is that.
Peacuts.
Yeah.
Well, I got news for it.
Some of the people in there, if they get a pay cut, their check is going to start with a minus.
That is true, my friend.
Oh, don't you be crying about money again, my God.
Are you kidding me?
What?
We know that you got the big bucks.
I'm a I was significantly increased, but I wouldn't say I got the big bucks.
You were significantly increased.
Yes, I'm making a living.
Oh, my God.
On that note.
Nice talking to you.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
Everybody else is getting their pay cut.
And George Cortes gets a big increase.
And it's the nerve to be begging me for money.
Where is the check?
Where is my check?
I think you ought to subsidize some of the people that got cut like a poor fat Chris.
Wow, he ran out of you.
You ought to share and did he run out?
Yeah, that's because he made a slip of the tongue there by admitting he got a big increase.
Oh, the reason I played that rat Aroni.
And by the way, if you ever eaten beef Aroni, I bet you like it.
Yeah, it's fine.
I do like beef Aroni, not not like, you know, ordinarily, but once in a great while,
if you're in the mood for that.
And the way you do it is you put it in the bowl and you put like a slice of swish cheese in it,
and then you're nookin.
So it gets like all cheesy, you know, I mean, that's not good.
I wouldn't describe it as good, but I'll eat it if I'm starving.
It's edible.
Right.
Well, anyway, getting back to rat Aroni, Blakely Georgia, a former employee of the Georgia
peanut plant at the center of a criminal investigation and the nation's salmon, a nation-wide salmonella
of breaks, as he saw, a rat dry roasting in a peanut area, dry roasting.
Jonathan Prather was one of about 50 people who lost their jobs last month when the peanut
corporation of America shut down his plant in Blakely, Georgia.
The outbreak is blamed partly in as many as eight deaths and has sickened some 500 people
authorities say many products made with peanut paste from the plant have been recalled.
Oh, dry roasted rat.
In addition to peanut processing plant in Texas run by the Virginia company, blame for
the outbreak operated for years, uninspected, and unlicensed by government health officials,
the AP has learned.
Prather 29 told the early show national correspondent, Jeff Lour, the facility is dirty.
They sow dirty, he said.
Prather describes the building in which roaches were constant problem, saying, roaches get
up in the dry roast.
Some of them blend in with the peanuts.
You never know they're even in there.
Health inspectors also noticed roaches.
They searched for the source of the salmonella, saying, a live roach and several dead roaches were
observed in the firm's washroom.
Well, maybe they were like washing off, you know.
Have you say rest room or washroom?
Rest room.
No.
Here they say washroom.
Can, John, head.
Turlant, tea right.
But here for months ago, Prather says he saw the rat dry roasting in the peanuts.
He says he also frequently saw rat droppings in the area where peanut products were made, where Prather worked.
Health inspectors say they found gaping holes in the walls, but didn't report evidence of rodents or droppings.
They did find holes elsewhere, saying there were open gaps observed as large as two and a half feet of the air conditioner
and takes located at the roof of the firm.
Prather says there were plenty of holes in the roof throughout the roof and when it rained water just came out through the whole plant.
Mould was also spotted by investigators as were mobs washed in the same sink as peanut product production equipment.
Oh, fat.
I'm getting queasy, weasy.
Any of these alleged violations, Laura, says could be the source of some in Ella, which the company, what their own documents,
it was discovered at least a dozen times, peanut corporation Americans accused of retesting the samples lab shopping until it got favorable results.
They found a lab that would live for them in other words.
Prather says it saddens him that many people have been impacted by the summoner adding he's speaking out now because his mother always raised him to tell the truth and get canned.
Other employees, Laura, notes have been quoted.
Maybe they're going to be serving peanut butter with that meeting this afternoon.
Oh, hey, yeah peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
Other employees have been quoted as saying they did not see problems like the ones depicted by Prather.
On the early show Tuesday, former FDA commissioner David Kessler told co the co anchor, if there was ever an example that our food safety system is broken, this situation at the Georgia plant is it.
This is it.
Kessler says the nation's food safety laws were written a hundred years ago and they don't give the.
Something even the basic tools of record inspection or recall.
It's chopped off. It's absolutely essential that those laws be rewritten.
He ended regrettably the FDA lacks the authority to properly oversee the safety of the nation's food, but there are several key bills in the Senate and housing their excellent bills.
The problem is we don't have a system of preventive controls.
We're always reacting in this country. It's always chasing the horse after it's out of the barn.
That's what I thought about that meeting we had on the phone yesterday.
Chasing the horse after it's out of the barn. Joe.
Kessler says he was very heartened here.
The new president's talk about food safety as a priority getting a new commissioner in and quickly was a food safety as top number one priority and getting the FDA the authority getting Congress to pass new food safety legislation is a must.
Says Kessler, we have the safest food system in the world, but that doesn't mean it can't be safer.
And each of us has responsibilities making sure that our food is well cooked good hygiene.
The things are important bottom line. Make sure the rats use good hygiene to our food is certainly safe.
Our system is broken needs to be improved needs to be improved quickly said fast.
Not slow. Not fast. Just half fast. That's how we're doing. That's the FDA for dry roasted rat. My ass.
Now let's see the Eric do this thing about the yeah, here we go. Nice going Eric.
I just changed the poll and he still got the one on there for the next day boy. He is the best. You know what? All right.
I'm voting WTF because if I vote, you know, should Neil Schmidt can the polls WTF know I love them. Yes for a while. Yes permanently. What's your vote? What's your take?
Yes. Yes. What? Yes permanently? Yes permanently. Schmidt can the poll, baby is what George says.
Because when he's doing the show like in the summertime, he's got to come up with poll ideas. Right. He don't want no part of the work dangerously.
I said it wasn't too bad for a couple weeks there are two, three weeks because I would just send Eric one from the pile in there.
We have some pretty decent stuff. And then it got like a little more indecent. And I was just playing cocka crap.
What's your favorite finger? What's your favorite toe? What's your favorite? I like this one here. Yeah.
This here's my favorite. What's your favorite? Beckham. Ask. Oh my God.
Mobile C will see how it comes out in the wash. You know what I mean? Do you know what I mean? I do know it. Go ahead. No, you go ahead.
Okay. 20 to 1 a.k.a. I'm I stand in front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while.
I'm a little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize. Absolutely. It's a radio. You are the truth.
Oh, what is that? I got a call here. Number one.
I'm on my way to my aspirations. They are away from me. I don't even know how you have children.
Merrimon. Hello. I want to take on J. Feeble. Oh, J. Feeble. He's a great quarterback and a good joke. I like J. Feeble.
Well, not to mention he's got extraordinary smooth petoxes. Oh, yeah. Maybe you got to be careful with what you say here.
Okay, thank you, ma'am. No, no, wait a minute. Don't go. But I have nothing else to say.
I'm going to do it. How about this? I was going down there in Merrimon. I'm going down the street from you. I have to go.
Oh, wait. Oh, wait. By the way, something. No, no. I have to go.
Okay. Tell you what. I'll hold you over in a break. How's that? I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts. How's that?
Bye bye bye. No way. That was the only caller we had.
Get things on your nose as glowing again.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't
You don't hear I don't think I wrote not for Yepsil and T You got your happy son Way to die, die, die, die, wow
Animals close when something stays
Almost every day, I think
Am I maigned since then they start to tickle
My Adonoi to be tortured 
Yeah I look like aNE
I'm a bad, have because I'm a critical bad,
but I know that's true with my whole day.
Here, in the future, I'll live,
and I'll watch the scene,
and I'll turn up this memory.
I know I'll sleep in my whole day.
I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have
have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm
a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have
have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm
a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have
I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad, have because I'm a bad
don't I'll be listening to your great show waiting for some answers to Steve that's my advice to Steve don't about getting started. It's highly addictive and unless you've got a lot of money to lose, good luck to you. Don't. Okay. Now let's see how this poll is coming. I'm reading a little bit curious that I'm amazed. I'm astonished at the early returns. Yeah. Look at that. Should Neal Smith can the polls. No, I love them. 21.
WTF 14. Yes, permanently for yes for a while to. How do you like that other first 41 votes over half say no, I love them right and 34% of the WTF like who cares? You know, right? The people voting on the poll right now are the people who enjoy voting on the polls or they wouldn't be. That's a very perspicacious observation. You want to add something to that? No, thank you. Go ahead. I'm roll maybe.
Go ahead. Here's one from Andrew who says Neil the polls are getting old. So give them a break at the very least, but. And here again, Andrew wants to give me instruction how to do the show, how to do the website, how to do my life. Very.
Can you do us all a favor dump each revolt a gay kiss pick? Okay. We've seen it. We don't need to see it anymore. Let's move along, please. Thanks, Andrew. I guess Andrew is feels uncomfortable watching John revolt, kissing another guy in a lips.
We'll take it down when we're good and ready to put something else up there. How do you like that? Andrew, we don't need instruction on what to put on the damn website. Andrew. God.
Hate that crap. Oh, this has been on there too long. We know what don't look at it. Scroll past it. Stay off the website. Go play par cheesy. Do something more constructive with your time.
Oh, Tom Dachel withdraws way to run the Barack Obama operation in the Senate. In fact, senior dashes like Peter Rouse are now senior aides here in the Obama White House.
There was a lot of affection for Tom Dachel here. There was a very. Your own relationship between this president and Tom Dachel. And so I think it's unlikely there was pressure from the president, but some of his advisors certainly may have felt that this was becoming a political
headache that this president does not need right now. TJ OK, Tom Dachel withdraws over tax problems. Well, how do you like that? Go pay your taxes. Time to get lost. Go back to South Dakota. What a place. I've never been there, but you is is that the one you're always talking about or North Dakota North Dakota is what's next to Montana. Oh, I can only begin to imagine. I better can't even imagine. I've been through South Dakota though. And the geography has character. If nothing else, unlike North Dakota, which has not.
Character, you know, like it isn't just a flat plane of featureless yellow grass. OK, now you're going to love this. All right. This email. This is unbelievable. These pulled suck. The show is old, very stale. And that's picked yours enough is enough. Get them off the air. Where is flea as a matter of fact, why don't you switch places with flea? Let him do the show in Frogville and you do the boardoffs. The show would get a much higher rating. This blows. We are sick of this crap show of signed flea's parents.
I told you to get a big kick out of it right in the old. Yeah, I love it. Cute right in the truck nuts. Oh, don't start with that truck. That's again. That's so rednecky man. Oh. And you know me in redneck. So just I can't deal with red.
I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a
owing centered Phos pasarah or son two or a challenge we're beyond of our
and is this a Denys? People lined way up way up. There's my mother. I thought she was dead.
My mother showed up at Denys today. How much is she would have gone? Yeah. Oh my God.
Here's an article. It was too long to cut and pay. So just a link below from Sunday's
New York Times magazine. Great article on Georgia's favorite sport, roller derby. Several pages
long. Steve in snowing again, New Jersey. I was snowing here this morning, but now it's
okay. And the fog has dissipated. It's a good day for woodbine.
P.S. Steve says, Bubba loves Bunga, the grubber zoo remains unlistenable and Stern is approaching
the same. Keep up the good show. How do you like that? Unlistenable. And let's see how
that pool thing is coming. Should needle Schmidt, can the pools 58 votes. No, I love him 33.
WTF 16. Yes, permanently five. Yes, for a while. Solimenteic Quattro.
I'm sorry. Yeah, I'm going to keep I'm going to be doing that a lot, you know, until
you erase it tomorrow. So this is on. This is not a tumor. It's the ones that two hour.
It's 30 a day plus gas. Well, I ran it in Lincoln. Cash or credit, I drove up in the hill.
You want the insurance? And to recall how it happened. Well, it's good luck. It still gives me
a chance. What a weirdo. Followed my map of star how says. And was shot to see. Sitting on
her front porch was Angelina Jolie. Well, I walked up like I knew her. When I saw her hesitate.
But the court of thought started working. And for her it was too late. Put her in my car.
And roll the windows down. Now she watched my queen. And I made her crown.
I got Angelina Jolie in my basement. And I think I'll keep her there with me.
And charge her. I hope she don't mind. I hope that you'll find that she likes the
man. I'm going to go find her. How wonderful life is with Angelina Jolie in my basement.
She's the hour here. Well, I'm scared to frantic. Full of momentum. But I bet you give your
message. To have Angelina Jolie locked down in your basement. Don't hurt my dog.
I'll go and mess up. Don't hurt precious. I'll hurt your dog, Mr.
and put the dog in the basket. All right. A 102 at 560 W. Kermont. Aren't you a shocked
response on the poll thing? No, not really. No. No. One you had a good point. That is the people
who are responding are the people who vote on the polls in the first place. Preaching to the
choir is what they call their boys and girls. Preaching to the fricking choir.
I'd be like asking people in a particular restaurant if they like the restaurant that they're
sitting in at the moment. Really? It's like that. Like asking them people with a free grand slam
breakfast a day. How do you like it? Do you like grand slam breakfast? Is it Denny's?
Well, they have their mouth full of the sausage there. And then they all spit it out like.
No one here because it must be a big lunch from Brandon because I'm still waiting to hear
the final result on the five guys. And he was digging into it with 45 minutes ago.
Yeah. Doug says number one, I turned off my blue background just for you,
Neil. Thanks, Doug. Two, I love the polls. Three for the guy who wants you to take down the
Travolta kiss picture. I say just move the picture down one spot and put a picture of the
truck nights right above it. Oh, we don't need any pictures. Everybody in their brother must have
pictures of them because they got a whole bunch of them. Soon as somebody mentioned truck nuts,
they put that ball on the rear bumper, down the rear route thing there and then put a ball.
Yeah. I think whoever came up with that idea and whether it's Ron Popeel or whomever
should have their balls put on the rear of some pickup truck. I don't think it was Ron Popeel.
It was the real Ron Popeel man. Are you questioning the validity, the veracity of some of our emails?
Should Neil Schmidt can the polls? 70 some odd votes, 78. No, I love them 46. WTF 19. Yes,
permanently eight and yes, for a while five. But the thing that you're missing the point on is that
people who hate the polls and don't like them who ordinarily wouldn't vote on them. Now here's
their chance to voice their contempt. There has still a right. Right. They might be a little bit
more delayed though. They got to run to their computer. Are you a crazy person or what? Oh, you knew that.
Go ahead. Brian in Orlando says I've been listening to Baba ever since he came on 96.5 in Orlando.
The show is actually pretty interesting to listen to. Baba has mentioned your name a few times.
Seems to have a lot of respect for you. He has an old redneck pervert character named Ned who
sounds like it's one of his guys doing a phony voice. Oh, no. Can you imagine guys doing a phony voice?
Who would do such the type of would sneak around the mangroves at Hall over Beach? Oh, are you?
Are you? Are Beb also mentioned to you? Life is filled Henry. Are you like? He liked Phil Henry. Well,
you must have been psychic about that because you came up with that. Are you sure? Phil drop and just
as I was about to read that last sentence. You're rubbing off on me son. I sure hope not.
So anyway, here's the deal. You still got 55 minutes to get online. You can get a free grand slam
breakfast at any Denny's from 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. today, but be prepared to wait for a table.
Oh, this is from a Tampa. Woo. The Denny's at 2004 Northdale, Maybe Highway reported an hour
away just before 10 a.m. with a line out the door at 10 a.m. the location at 5603 East Hills,
Brewervano reported a 90 minute wait. It's been like that all day. The Carrollwood location at
12703 Northdale, Maybeary was filled a capacity by 6.30 this morning. The manager, Janine Monasco said
and the wait time was about 35 minutes. Neil, here's the meal says, oh, Bob sent this to me.
The guy always sends me the obits. Good emailer. Neil, here's the meal. Denny's announced the free
breakfast during a super bowl at on Sunday. The breakfast includes two eggs. Why do people say eggs?
I don't know. It's a Florida thing. Maybe I don't know. No, it's an Illinois thing. People say
kids and Illinois. They say Illinois. That's where those people hate that. Two eggs, two sausages,
two strips of bacon and two hotcakes. Now, I got news for you where I come from. They don't say,
they say pancakes. They don't say hotcakes. And I sure don't say flapjacks. No.
Do you ever see a flapjack just this morning? The offer is good at all. Then he's restaurants in the
West Canada and Puerto Rico. There's the answer about Canada. Monasco said the offer is meant to
boost business. Oh, yeah. Can you imagine how much it's costing them? They're spending an
arm in five legs on this grand slam. Tom Dash will drop out. He withdrew his name. Got a
these people. These pseudo intellectual a holes. Oh, well, you think that we're going to clean up the
world now? Yeah. The world is a business. Don't ever forget it.
Here are basically saying that he believes that he. Oh, there's Dana Bash.
Pinhead. She looks like one of those African food uddles. Not not food uddles. Whether
they call those things the shrunken head. Yeah. You ever get a shrunken head? Just this morning.
Yes, that's George's answer for everything. Just this morning for everything. Sure.
You ever take a dump on Joe Bell's desk just this morning? Oh, no, actually,
it's not. Well, make it tomorrow morning. Brett earlier. Okay. That's your ass sign. I'll go get a
grand slam breakfast. So I got a material. Go get a grand slam breakfast and slimmer right on his
desk. Get the old big brown. Oh, George goes to Cuba. It says if it's in the budgets,
and George the Cuba, see if he can hear you on a Cuban radio station. It may be entertaining.
Not says JD. Is that they'd like that email? It's maybe humorous. Not says yours truly.
98 votes on the poll. 60 people say I love the polls. But you're right. It's preaching to the
freaking choir and Brandon still hasn't given me the final report on five guys. I'm starting to get
a little porcupay over that. I mean, not that I'm ever probably going to be able to eat there,
but you know, we're interesting to know. And the one I said, it's like maybe a little bit too
fatty or like that or too. If it's juicy, I love it. Who doesn't love juicy meat? I mean,
there's nothing worse than a dry burger, right? Or a dry, you know, like if you go to restaurant
or steak, well done, and most of us won't do that because they cook it so long, they cook the life
out of it. It's just as dry as sawdust. But who now wants that? Right. Nobody.
So what's the thing about the flapjacks and pancakes and griddle? What did say?
Griddle cakes? Griddle cakes. Is that what they're called? I don't know. I threw it away already. All right.
Let me see what it says. It says two hot cakes.
I don't I may have heard that expression before, but I just I can't even ever imagine saying.
In addition to which I'm not all that crazy about pancakes anyway. Me either.
Waffles because pancakes are one of those. Oh yeah, waffles are like, but pancakes and waffles
are two of the foods that are absolutely inedible without a bunch of crap on them.
Right. Retriments. Right. Lots of syrup. Right. Although I like waffles with just butter.
They're nice and crispy. Oh, fat. They're good waffles. Who are you need? Tonya.
Oh, with just butter.
Gotta have syrup. Now that's one thing I will say about iHOP. They have like 85 different kinds of
like boys and Barry and poison Barry and blueberry and they got like a whole bunch of syrups.
And you just jam it on everything. You jam it on your wrist and on your fingers and just lick it,
you know, right. And then you hop out the door. I better start out it because I don't know if any of
these people are a spy. I think iHOP is a sponsor, isn't it? I'm probably on Joe. Joe's got all
the sponsors. If they ever open for business, uh, Joe does spots for live spots. And how about
that meeting yesterday with Chris Jones lying his way? I mean, what a farce that was Chris.
Nothing could be finer than a liar from Carolina. Let me tell you that right now. Oh, well,
I don't know. Yeah, yeah, drooling idiot. Drueling redneck. Not just a plain ordinary redneck,
but a drooling redneck. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if Chris is it then he's right now
with his partner in crime. Joe slimeball.
Would you be surprised? No, it wouldn't be surprised at all. Right up his alley, man.
You're joking. Anybody talks with that real heavy line that drool, you know, like Phil Sims,
they're out over there on the sideline, the sideline. And when it's a word that's got two of those
eyes in there like sideline that you can pronounce that redneck. He would that really makes me want
a berth. He's on the sideline. Oh, God, give us give us strength to survive the Phil Sims of
this world, the red necks and the illiterate ex jocks like him. He's not illiterate. He's just annoying.
So what do you think that meeting is going to be? 15 minutes. Wouldn't it be something
if somebody emailed us and had the, you know, like one of the inside spies. Now the beast,
the beast gave us just a variety of get like a pole. Sure. I mean, anybody can do that. I think
it's about to move down the street probably or maybe everybody's getting fired. Maybe they're
going to automate all the stations. Okay. They sure could automate the country kiss, right? Sure.
That knows pick and banjo picking music. My God.
And what was Joe saying yesterday? We wish we could all be a lot more like kiss.
Remember that? I don't know if that's what he was saying, but yeah, he did. Well,
something like that about since Johnny Dork left, they've gone through the, gone through the roof with
kiss. Since Johnny left their kiss in it. Something like that. Oh, speaking of that, don't
forget to send Valentine's Day roses or you're going to pay for it all year long. I wouldn't believe
the
what people uh epic
the locals do a willy walk upon.
Chocolate bacon.
Bacon.
Yes, Raynagan can.
Raynagan can because he wants to make new orleens taste better.
It's time for us to come together.
It's time for us to rebuild a new house.
The one that should be uptown all the way over the old.
This city will be chocolate.
A chocolate noir.
Huh?
He never takes the blame.
For anything he says.
Chocolate.
At the end of the day.
That chocolate in some coffee and a f*** off one called Es.
Raynagan can.
Raynagan can.
No, I can.
Raynagan can because he wants to make new orleens taste better.
You can't have new orleens no other way.
It was.
It's just what me noleens man.
What a horrible place.
118 at 5.60 WQAM.
Happy Tuesday from audio pyzons at QAM.
Big important meeting it for this afternoon.
Which I mean nobody said it's confidential and don't mention it on the air, you know.
Not to be.
In fact, nobody said anything to me.
That's right.
And then George went and had my instruction.
Went to Jolly Joe, fat ass Jolly Joe said to me, you'll have to participate in this
again.
And Jolly said, oh, no, no, no, no.
No I participated in enough on the phone or conference calls.
OK, I'm done.
Done.
Finito.
Ron says George sounds good today.
My recommendation is next time he's having his period like yesterday, come to step outside
and have a little smell and everything will be OK.
He has not a chronic although I've commented a few times about Joe Rose and the fact he
sucks.
OK, says Ron.
Probably a blood.
You ask Ron.
You hear that sound?
No, what?
Brandon says, sorry for the horrible grammar and spelling problems.
I think they're really fast and nobody interrupting.
Don't worry Brandon.
He's our guy.
Oh, that one guy that was all upset about Brandon that they Brandon this and Brandon that
who that was this guy.
That was when he were out sick, I think.
A Brandon Hader.
No matter who we have on here, what we're talking about, we get haters right away.
It's a badge of honor to be hated on this show.
And you know, if hate had value, we'd all be rich in this town.
What?
If hate had value, that Brandon says, sorry, it took a while.
I got a call from a lawyer who wouldn't show up.
First on my way to five guys, I passed a Denny's.
Yes, there was a line outside.
Anyways, five guys in the plaza on the corner of Kordava and 17th Street, one light east
of US one.
You go in and wide you wait.
You can eat peanuts.
Oh, geez, I sure hope not now.
Don't be no peanuts now.
So the menu is pretty basic burger fries and hot dogs.
I had a bacon cheeseburger, which is actually a double.
If you want a regular, you have to have to ask for a little.
They make it right there in front of you and everything is fairly fast.
You get the burger, then a regular fries is about a 12 ounce cup.
They put everything in the bag.
Then dump an extra scoop of fries right into the bag.
It's in the sack.
While it might be a little pricey, not too bad, well worth it.
The fries are really fresh, freshly cut, par fried to cook them.
What does that mean, par fried?
I don't know.
Pan fried.
Oh, it's the spelling we're talking about.
I guess he means pan fried to cook them and then refried to make them crispy.
They are great.
And that burger was outrageous.
Cooked perfectly juicy with melted cheese, crisp bacon, fresh crisp lettuce and pickles.
And they put just the right amount of ketchup and mustard.
You can have anything you want on yours, even hot sauce.
I highly recommend it when you get a chance.
It's on a par with cherries.
It's on a par with the taste and quality.
Our neck and neck, neck and neck, nose to nose.
How do you like that?
So brand-in-lifetime.
So all these people that have been touting five guys, they know they're crap, man.
And you passed the opportunity to go in there.
If you would have said, I'm George Rodriguez from the New York Roger Show.
Everybody, they would have laughed your ass out the door.
Oh.
That doesn't get me in front of the line here at the cafeteria.
At the cafeteria, Santeria?
Yeah, here at the cafeteria.
The Nasdaq's down one.
The S&P is up two.
And the Dow, or they sure put those in tiny, tiny teeny numbers in the bottom right hand
corner there on CNN.
Certainly no news.
Come on, put the damn number up there.
The Dow, the Dow, everyone see the Dow is up to 37 and a half points, almost 38.
Wow.
Wow for the Dow.
Jane says, dear Neil God, what's up with fried chicken and waffles?
I'm glad that she was out too many ties to industry.
Obama should nominate Howard Dean says, Jane and dear field.
Howie?
Good old Howie Dean.
He's been everywhere, you know?
Oh, so we're not sending George to Cuba.
So it says, okay, San Mo.
Okay.
Okay.
Parfrying means to partially cook.
So it wasn't pan fry.
You don't pan fry French fries.
I see.
I just didn't know what they'll par fry meant.
Well, Brandon, I guess is a what?
Me either.
He's a fry expert.
You're partially cooked and then you're then you frown again.
And then that way you get a lot of that hydrogenated oil in there and it builds up a real
big tumor, you know?
Oh, there's Barbara Boxer going nuts and have said, whoops.
Now that we can't give tax breaks to the people we're earning over a million dollars
and now that the Iraq war is winding down, we're not that interested in spending money.
Supporters of the Fix Housing First approach say that that's what through the economy
off the rails and that is what will get it back on track.
That's that obnoxious bitch, Kira Phillips.
Oh, there you go again.
Yeah, that's me.
That's my opinion.
I don't like her.
I can't stand her.
Can't stomach her.
In fact, you know something, this sounds very sexist, but there are, when do you think
CNN is going to put a white Anglo male on to be a news anchor?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Do you think you'll ever live long enough to see that?
I don't care.
Well, that's because you don't want CNN.
And that's a good choice.
If I were you, I would make it a point to go to five guys, Burger and Fry's before
I ever turned on CNN again.
Now, I could be wrong, but that's just my feel of it, you know?
It's just my little feel.
118 votes on the poll should Neal, Schmidt, Can the polls.
No, I love them.
74 62.7% they love them.
WTF 24.
Yeah, who cares?
Yes, permanently get rid of them.
11 and yes for a while.
9.
So only like 17% say get rid of them even for just a little while and 62.7% say, don't lose
the polls.
We love them.
Poll lovers.
Don't surprise me.
I wish we got a lot of poll lovers.
Larry says, is that Lanny?
Lanny.
I've listened to you since the mid eighties.
I lived in Miami for 68 years.
I moved to Palo, Elor, California last April.
Yep, you were right.
There are real and normal people out here in the rest of the world, Lanny.
Yeah, that's right.
Living and breathing people is what I call them.
You won't find too many of them in South Florida.
The living and breathing people.
Here's one from the fake Tom Jicca.
Neal, I'm hearing that Beasley broadcast group is strongly considering flipping WQM to
oldies where it is Johnny, Dork, Greg, BDL and Rick, Shob and contacted Tom.
Oh, man, that's the best.
Flipping it to oldies.
Yeah, flip this, Jolly Joe.
Yo, Neal, somebody says, is smoking weed up there legal in Canada?
If it isn't going up there, thanks.
A soon to be retired Miami police officer.
No, it is not legal, but it's done, you know, they got more important fish to fry than
worrying about people smoking a little gonga.
You know what I mean?
I hope so.
More important fish to fry.
First they par, first they par fry and then they can fry.
Well, here we go again.
Neal.
Yeah.
One, two, three, four, more bombs drop.
Five, six, seven, eight, more bombs drop.
Nine, ten, eleven, twelve, more bombs drop.
We're going to drop the bomb.
Around the clock, we're going to drop them bombs and take a step.
Loose that rag right off their head.
We're going to pop around the clock tonight.
We're going to bomb, bomb, bomb, lock after lights.
We're going to bomb, going to bomb around the clock tonight.
I think they stopped the boys.
Oh man, granted this to me a picture of the murder.
Oh, wow.
Holy moly.
This one's got like a lot of lettuce, which I would, I would
the schmit can't let us, I don't want to let us.
Sorry.
Sorry.
And the tomato, which I do love and pickles and cheese and stuff.
Oh man, that looks real, but it's so big.
Who's got a, who's got a mouth to put around that thing?
Uh, you?
No.
Oh, Matt, who's just as chronic, I mean, just driving me insane.
The truth about french fries is there's nothing simple about them.
Making the perfect fry, crisp golden brown on the outside and barely fluffy on the inside isn't easy.
To do them in a restaurant, first you have to cut them on an industrial french fry cutter.
Then soak the potatoes in water 24 hours, then drain them, pat them dry, blanch them in hot oil and drain them again.
They're held on until an order comes in, then they're fried and even hot oil for final crispy.
That's BS.
Well, no, you see the fries, you see the fries sitting in like in Mickey D's?
Mm-hmm.
They cook up a whole batch of them.
They're not going to like a special cook each order for crying out loud.
Right.
And those are the best fries in the world.
What?
Mickey D's.
Are they?
Yes.
I'll take your word for it.
I don't need fries.
I know you don't.
I do.
It's all carbs and I, I keep my carbs to stuff that I really love.
And even before I was diabetic, I don't think I was ever much of a fried guy.
You know what I mean?
You're a fried guy.
You're a big fried guy.
Yeah, a fly guy.
Like Tom Joiner.
He's the fly guy, the fly jock.
Come on, Etchah!
So they give away eight billion dollars a day on that show.
Is that how they have that big audience?
Yeah.
We'll pay you a million dollars if you say you listen to the Tom Joiner show.
Hector says, having to work near downtown Fort Lauderdale,
and needed five guys more often than I should.
As your other listeners and Brandon have already told you,
the burgers are juicy and the fries are fried in peanut oil.
Until today, I would have agreed that five guys makes a good honest burger.
However, today, my work took me to Miami,
and on the way back up I-95, I stopped off at 125 streets for Wayne Arnold's or a castle.
All man, the five guys can't hold a candle, those little burgers that Wayne makes.
For one, you can taste each ingredient.
Onions, pickles, ketchup, and mustard.
But most of all, you can actually taste the meat.
Those little patties are a third or something,
a size of the regular burgers, but they have so much more flavor.
I agree with Brandon, five guys is fine.
They're just not great.
Wayne Arnold's our greats, Hector.
How do you like that? Nice going, Wayne.
Don't get any argument from us.
Wayne makes good little burgers.
Now is he really any food that you can pay for?
No, I'm going to have to make those arrangements myself.
I'm going to screw up all my arrangements.
Like maybe Wood Suts comes in, you know?
Yeah, and then let him pay for it.
He's making a big bucks sitting on a dance at home.
How long has it been since he worked?
100 years.
God.
He has the pimped for all ages.
His screams up all my arrangements.
His screams up all my arrangements.
Still extremely disturbing to me that you can't tell the difference between Tessio's voice and Clemensa.
We can just dwell on that for the rest of the show if you want.
No, we don't want to do that again because we did that for a long time.
That one day, especially.
I'm just going to wait for you to finish with you were proven wrong and I was proven right.
It was Clemensa.
That means look at Brasi sleeps with the fishes.
And it's interesting.
There's no Z in look at Brasi.
It's BRASI look at Brasi.
Which I never knew until I saw it in print.
Right.
I'll find it.
I'm looking for it.
I'll find it.
Here it is.
Look at Brasi sleeps with the fishes.
So obviously the deep voice coming from the innards of that big fat pupa go over to them.
Whatever you say, they both have deep voices.
I'll tell you who did not have a deep voice.
Do you know who I am?
I'm Moe Green.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
Now why do you say going out with the fish?
I'm going out with cheerleaders.
I guess he didn't want to give them the credit that it was banging cheerleaders in.
Yeah.
Wouldn't that have been a better line for a movie like The Godfather?
Maybe in those days that's all he was doing.
Going out with cheerleaders?
Yeah.
I doubt that.
Me too.
When your father is done coldly on, you make him an offer they can't refuse.
Here is your spy report says somebody.
I heard that Almondo Salguera filled in for a sip of the kid over on 790 this morning for all four hours.
Well who cares about that?
I like listening to you and George a lot.
I even listen to George when you're even out.
Keep up the good work.
Both of you.
I love the bits you play.
I saw last chance.
Havery over the weekend.
It was very good.
Last chance.
Havery with Dustin Hoppen.
Never heard of it.
Neither did I.
They can't move their lineup like five 60 does if somebody is out.
They have to have newspaper guys fill in from your loyal fan.
Oh Nancy and dear field Delray Beach.
PSI like George and she's got a little.
A little problem in my machine.
No.
Well she doesn't write the best grammar always.
But then again she's got a lot of company.
I'm not picking on you Nancy.
Don't worry.
She's a little bit.
Yeah.
Sorry.
She likes you.
So that explains it.
How are we doing on that pool of polls, baby?
Hey, so desperate.
He's doing a poll about polls.
That's right.
That's absolutely correct.
And I will say this that the life instruction and the show instruction
has considerably diminished since I went ballistic about that crap.
I just don't want to read it.
Not interested.
The purpose of taking emails is not to tell us how to live our lives,
how to do the show, how do I go about breathing the air?
You know, that's go ahead and do your own thing and we'll do ours.
146 votes.
So we're going to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to
So what's your favorite vegetable? Which finger would you like to stick up Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to
stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to
stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist mat would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear? Which fist would you like to stick in Joe Bell's ear?
Oh, new! You're a bastard!
Lennies asked America what they wanted, and it didn't all you can eat breakfast.
I want more than just a lot of food.
A lot of choices!
Bacon, pancakes, and eggs, anyway I want them.
Oh, and sausages, those little sausages that look like doctors.
Yeah, the ones that always come stuck together. Why is that?
They don't want it warmed under a heat lamp at some fast food place.
I want it warmed under a heat lamp at Lennies.
Tell you how I wanted it. I want bacon really fatty and lean so that when you pick it up,
you sort of jups off your finger and eggs with the yolk broken so their hat is overwrought.
And I want it served by a fat, swollen waitress of the mustache so I am, excuse the stiffer.
Hey, where are you doing, bitch? Now!
And I don't want to stand in line. I want to wait in line to get seated for a really long time.
They do that at Lennies. Lennies.
America, there's a new all you can eat, grand slam breakfast venue.
At Lennies. It's everything you already expect from Lennies.
Just a lot more of it. At room temperature.
143, 17.02. You have 17 minutes to get to your nearby Lennies and get that free or flat jack crap.
What is it? Hotcakes.
So the fake Tom Jikas. See, the real Tom Jik and I have a code word that he uses when he emails me so I know what's him.
The red fish sales at the time.
The fake Tom Jikas says, oh and also WQM Wimmers not for broadcast.
Oh, Lee Daniels has been trying out for nights WQM would retain the sports format on the weekend.
This is a follow up to his original fake message. I'm hearing that Beasley Broadcast Group is strongly considering flipping WQM to oldies where it is Johnny, dark red, beautiful and rich, sharp and contacted and Lee Daniels.
And I would sound real good on this signal, wouldn't it?
Oh, yeah.
And here's another real fake one from somebody across the street.
Why aren't you talking about how the 790 servers so overloaded with listeners during the labaster show you can't even get on.
I'll tell you two reasons why number one, we didn't know a number two, we couldn't care less.
Like yesterday, the server weeks capacity right at the start of the show and stop accepting new listeners, even though they recently upgraded the servers.
Well, who would know that except somebody on the inside who's sending in this email?
Right.
Just like, oh, you know, we get so many votes on the poll.
You know, something there's only one poll that counts.
And it's not how many votes you get on your poll, but nevertheless.
Like I said before, when they first went on the earth, they think they can talk themselves into a gigantic success story.
Either you got it or you don't and you guys don't.
You ain't got it.
You got a labaster.
That's true.
And that's all you got.
Am I right?
Yep.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Yeah, but.
So here's the, here's the story behind the story about Linne's.
Okay.
Competition among casual restaurant operators.
He did up today as Denny's corp made known that it wants customers to consider them among the value friendly options and offer to free grand slam breakfast to be equate customers with the brand.
By the way, McDonald's Mickey D's freezes their fries, which is why obviously that's why they're.
They're frying them up in big batches.
Okay.
They freeze their fries.
Sure.
Anyway, Denny's is given away the free grand slam such a glue pancakes, eggs, bacon strips and sausage links.
Now there it said pancakes, not hot cakes to any customer visiting its restaurant today between 6 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Time's almost up 14 minutes, but who's counting?
Denny's has promoted the freebie heavily with 30 second ad that air during the third quarter of the Super Bowl on Sunday.
Another 15 second ad during the post game show and a full page ad in USA today's yesterday additions.
The company we've afforded 14 million hits on its website between Sunday night and Monday morning, even more than Daniel a bastard.
Not by much with the promotion only underway a few hours.
Folks woman, Corey Rice said restaurants in Miami, Washington DC and L.A. were reporting long lines and other locations that they were very busy, but under control long lines.
A lot of snores out there from all reports.
It's going extremely well.
Rice said the Spartanburg South Carolina based company anticipates up to 2 million people will take advantage of the deal with rice saying each restaurant will be able to turn out about 100 grand slams an hour.
Denny's which has more than 15 hundred locations.
So it's more than 12 and a half million grand slam breakfast a year.
12 and a half million with all of them hotcakes. Can you imagine?
Wow.
Oh my god. Keep you on the throne for years.
See pancakes to me are like, I don't know. They're like they're non-descript.
Yeah, and unless like I said before unless I have like butter and syrup and a lot of stuff on them, which is why I just I avoid them.
I'd rather not. Well, there you go.
Waffles waffles taste different. They're firm and crispy. No, done correctly.
Most of it. Waffles syrup and a waffle iron. Go ahead. See, sorry. Go ahead.
The consumers continue to pull back on the spending during the recession. The breakfast markets become increasingly focused on value meals and attempt to grab those still going to spend are looking to get the most bang for their buck.
Going to get the bang for your buck. Starbucks plans to offer several breakfast bearings at attractive prices according to comments made by chief executive Howard Schultz last week.
Others fighting for a piece of the pie and food McDonald's, which is offering new lower price specialty coffee drinks and dunk and donuts, which has value might it deals.
How come they don't have Tim Hortons on here? Oh.
Rice said, Denny's recognized their customers enjoy its grand signed breakfast, but that they can choose among several options when looking to spend their money.
We need to compete and be in the consideration set, where I just explained to that end the company said it's trying to change customers perceptions that Denny's is only a place for sit down breakfast that'll take a lengthy period of time.
It can provide breakfast to go as well as have food prepared within 10 minutes. If the customers want fast service going to rice, we understand what the customer is wanting now, she said.
Free gaveaways are not something new among food operators in November. Starbucks offered a free cup of brewed coffee to anyone who asked on election day while crispy cream donuts gave away star shaped donuts.
Ice cream maker Ben and Jerry also offered a free scoop as part of celebration of the election. A free scoop. Well, who now can only eat a scoop?
Maybe it's a really big scoop. Yes, who this that shares if Denny's added seven cents or a 3.6% to a buck 99 morning trading the stock market, the stock traded in a range of a buck 18 to 410 over the past 52 weeks.
Grand slam it, baby. You got 11 minutes to get online. And of course in South Florida, you know, a lot of people used to standing online.
Now that the Rascal House is close, maybe this is like a breath of fresh air for a lot of people who enjoy standing online.
Oh, Scott who has taken the fake time jica seriously says try it before remember cool goal from 1900 and I do know. No, there's flipping it to oldies.
Which would be great. That means they would pay off all the people on contract. Well, you be sure in the text me right away. I will with the new schedule for the oldies. What time is Rick Shaw going to be on?
Here is one from Cliff and Kendall. My neighbor used to live behind a Denny's in Pinecrest on US one where the Palmetto begins. It was there for as long as I can remember.
I never went there because it was too dirty. Two years ago, they tore down the whole building or to build a new shopping complex that is sitting empty.
My neighbor said the day before they tore down the Denny's a huge pack of rats invaded his apartment complex that night. They had to call professional exterminators to fight off those old Denny's rats. Now come on Cliff. That's bad.
I think Cliff got shut out online this morning at Denny's. We're going to get even with them.
You think? My baby. That. I think we struck a new format here. Although I'll take a one thing. And it's going to take me a second to get to change the disc here. One moment, please.
One thing about these Denny's man, they're very good except that they're a little slow on you. There's a hesitation. You know what I mean? When you open it and close them. Yeah. You know what I mean? There is.
I'm going to have to send him another check. Notice he know about his new deal about the 80% take on. I don't know. Can you imagine the wailing and screaming if I said them? Well, he just cut my pay 50% this year. And I'm going to have to do like something.
Something something. What would his reaction be? He would plots. I wouldn't do that to him. I probably have to go without food for a couple days a week, but I'll take care of him.
Because I know that's what you want. Yes. Yeah. That's right. So we don't hear any more that. Oh, thank God that finally stopped. Although now that everybody is in this depression, everything. I'm sure that the situation isn't any better, but nevertheless. Right. Right. Now let's see about this pulled business.
I understand what you're saying about people who vote on them are the ones who are most likely to be voting with an opinion, but nevertheless. Right. I think people who hate them and the role that they play in the show. I think those people might be very highly motivated, especially considering the tremendous amount of negativity that exists in South Florida.
If you give people a chance to be negative, they really pass.
Should Neil Schmidt, Canada, polls know I love them. 116, 4.1% love the polls. WTF 33. What the? Yes, permanently 15. Yes for a while. 14 only 17.6% say get rid of them.
So overwhelming so far they love them and my suggestion is if that's the case then send us some good ones. Good idea.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
You tell, you're in hell, now you're in the end of hell Hey, hold on a second, but there's not making me sense to me!
No, I'm a musician! Last thing I remember it was, I had a gun! Yeah, I was learning my new year's Eve recipes from Rachel Ray!
And that's where I get to budget, I was learning friends with my bare budget, till they took me away!
You're last day! I had my ship become full of juice! When I saw them bring me the new sh! Sure I've been a little heinous, but I saw that they got a tanky in my ears!
And they took me away! You're last day! I gave them all that smoke! And that I felt that Jack! No boy, schwan! Then nothing else went worse!
Someone's the down to the sea.
That's what they've not.
Holy, happy, strong.
Can I just get shot?
Come on up with me first.
I'm riding hell,
Oh, sit down, who's saying,
Where the name of Lindsay?
Oh, it's under Pam's name.
I can't you tell.
You're in hell.
Now you're the infant girl.
Oh, it's very hot.
I can tell you that.
Holy crap.
Oh, it's under Pam's name.
Oh, Edimiter, this is cool.
I can light my sonar.
Right off my own finger.
Bye, bye, bye.
