The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the holy crap that now is up to it in ten points
The first is just around the corner baby
1015 sounds good. Oh is it my turn to hit something?
Yeah, please. Yeah, go cane
Yes, it went Thursday. We did it again on Friday. It's not noon Tuesday. It's 1130
To that pregame show
Hurricanes warm up. Oh my god. We'll be put on here
560 WQAM presents the Neil Rogers show to talk to me
But why don't we start warm up the Thursday this morning?
Like I said 1015 sounds like a plan called 123 877785
Neil or pound 560 on your AT&T and realize your wireless phones the opinions expressed by me. So we're like better strong cat
or you're do not represent the
WQAM management staff for sponsors you had your lovely Roger
or corn cat worth three 16 WQAM
sports dog radio is dead so starting this Monday 560 WQAM is proud to present the joke
oh
Show Monday through Friday
610 am only on 560 WQAM
Yeah, he'd be a real temp incident under the pee pot. Joe Karoio. Whatever happened to him by the way
I don't know. He's still around over there. I yeah, I guess his wife threw something in bunch of hot water or something
I don't know
He's through a
T.O. What was it, what are they called?
Those things a box with T in it a box with T in it wow, you know, T comes in a box
Yeah, and he threw that I had a line for that, but I
Yeah, I used to be joyous with your real upside and then so would Joe Bell and then clearance would come
I can't believe you said like that for a bit. It was a good one. It was very amusing
But nevertheless we better not do that. Well, we sure don't have much you're coming in on those emails this morning
We had one from Chris Whalen yesterday afternoon say the adds me it's the real Chris
You forgot to put on the pool bring Chris Whalen better some crap like that. I don't good point
What no, I should have been on there. No, it should not why not
Do you put that in the same league with all these other things that are on there? Yes
Wow, we miss fat Chris badly and you really believe it was the real Chris. I don't know what I did with that email. I think I schmitcanned it
Either way, thousand of 214 now. I wonder what that's all about
6763 and that damn loonies making a comeback. It was 76 and something yesterday at one point and now it's like 78 damn it
Everybody sell your Canadian loonies. Okay, please
856 votes on that pool if I was in charge of WQM for one hour. I would
Fire Joyce 153
Higher Randy Rose 118 those of you people with your Randy Rose obsession we were discussing this before the show this morning
I don't know what you're thinking about
I honest to God do not know what you're thinking about
I
Don't know like they're gonna hire her and put her on this station
See you you've got these people brainwashed into believing that yeah, no you do
blame me sure
Well, it's your it's your one-note Charlie thing you bang it out. Oh, if they would just put on general talk
They're not gonna put on general talk for general the car third general orders and she is
Yeah
What does that mean? She's political talk
Well, that's well, whatever not non sports talk
Anything that's non sports talk
No
No, what I don't replace one note Charlie with another one note Charlie. Oh, I see so you don't want Randy on it
Would that George do a lot of Randy on we get a chance to get a rounder to the four the last you know want a run the old Randy
What do we mean the old ronically the young Randy before she was doing all this serious business before she became a political maven
And that's right and she was holding the road safe
In their but when she was farting into the microphone that was a much more entertaining
I thought well she can't do that on this station. So I guess that leaves that out anyway
Hi, Randy words 119 silly people put Neil on eight hours a day 110 even sillier people
Fixed at Amcigal 93. They would be a real good idea when they're gonna come on when that the hold your breath. I'll let you know
Good god
Probably when we'd start doing those text messages to remember that yeah
What do you think about that man a good idea? Yeah, let when we start. Oh, well, we can't sell it
We can't do this we can everybody else has been doing it for a hundred years, but we can't do it. Who needs that one? We have that Twitter
Yeah, they can just put it in my hands there Twitter my ass. We don't have a Twitter page
We don't have a Facebook page
We have somebody who phoned you up a bunch of stupid crap
And you know what if it keeps you off the street having a good time with it
It has nothing to do with me with a show with the George with anything having to do with us
So rotate her over your Twitter
Reharrang Goldberg 89 that was the end
That was the end when they pulled that crap and then tried to reshuffle the whole lineup again
See that's what these guys PD Bulger did at all the time all these guys are all the same
They take the same people and they keep reshuffing like a deck of cards right well if they failed in the morning
They'll be great in the afternoon don't you know yeah
Changed to a non sports talk format 73 so that's your brainwashed crowd that's me living in the past
That's all those days that I would be were so great. That's 25 freaking years ago. Okay, Jesus God
Give George's own show is 70 higher suds Coleman 58
Send everyone home and padlock the door 35 fire Joe Bell 29 that number should be a lot higher
Fire the big O18 changed to an all music format eight get rid of the dolphin games seven out of 867 vote
That's the poll
Oh here we go here some stuff coming in my husband was watching some stupid sports your last night
They interviewed Jimmy syphilis he looks like Charlie Christ well. They have one thing in common. Okay, Mary. Yeah, I mean
He looks like Charlie Christ a younger Charlie Christ with the darker here. I guess
How do you like that Mary says your
Mary says fairy Jimmy Jimmy syphilis
She said you look like a screaming queen just like our gig governor
Oh, how sad this is from who sent me this
Some goofball
Really Michael Savage remains one of the most popular voices and talk radio scoring all time ratings highs in the fall 2008 book
In St. Louis and San Diego and the here in their Baltimore yadi yadi yadi Philadelphia great
Great that means there's a lot of Nazis out there
Here's one that says your boy Jason Jackson my boy
Yeah
Hey, lassie. It's my allergy
Was all over ESPN last night with his exclusive interview of Wade on
Sunsports following the heat victory last night. Oh, Jway and Wade
I guess he had a big game corner with jolly Joe was screaming at the end of the not jolly Joe block and Joe how about that? Yeah
I don't care about the heat. I don't care about the NBA. I don't care about Dwayne Wade
I sure don't care about so great who cares
Greg says oh boy
tragedy
tragedy
This is a good email I think
You think maybe well least these aren't these aren't for make believe people they haven't started yet today
To make believe great the hell and fake this one and a fake
Well, isn't that great Miami International offers global entry program for frequent travelers
They pre-screen you and you can go through immigration by using an automated machine
You swipe your card you scan your finger and you go right through without waiting and I well that's great
That's a good machine there because I'm not going to buy me international no more
I'm not gonna say never again, but only under duress what I go to that airport
They treat you like some kind of a criminal
Oh, but they got a new program great good good luck to you have a good time there find somebody who speaks English
Greg says subject tragedy
I've been listening since 1988 I love your show and you and George do a great job, but
What Joyce and Joe well have done to you is reprehensible that is absolutely correct sir
Absolutely
Correct sir I
Was on YouTube this morning and happened to stumble across some of your old whammy shows the fart sounds are more colorful and
More colorful language was good, but the biggest plus was that you actually had real colors
People contributed to the show in a reasonably intelligent manner
It really made the show flow and brought out the best in you show for the fact that joebell won't stand up to the pro-zac twins and lock their causes so
Unbelievable, well, we can't do this. We don't know how to do that
Boba Boba Boba Boba oh boy
lame joebell is lame. He's like a horse with one leg lame
Your show could be so much better with little effort from your management. They won't make an effort
It is an unmitigated tragedy that your station's management has severely damaged perhaps the greatest radio personality of all time
Love you need like good luck. I will always listen. Well, thank you Greg. How do you like that?
Where it is severely damaged. I feel damn it. I feel like damaged goods. Yeah
Good news is Paco past is a G2 drivers test yesterday. All right. It's good news
I don't know if it's good news though. There's not he's gonna be driving a lot more and I'll be
more nervous
You know how that is when your kids start driving. Yeah
You get panicky. Mm-hmm. Oh, I had nothing but I never had anything but confidence
Incontinance. Yeah, that's who?
Well, what does that mean? You never anything but confidence and might in my particular case
You know might be different for the second child, but you know for the oldest one I had never anything but confidence
She was so you never worried. Yeah, I worried but not unduly so because I knew that she wouldn't do anything stupid
Well, I wish I could say the same
You know there no accounting for all the variables that people encounter on the roads and I don't have to tell you
But I knew that she wouldn't be drinking and driving or anything
You know great
God forbid that that would ever happen. That was up to two hundred and forty two points suburbs
We need you in our small towns. We especially need you in our inner cities
We need you like daphtha zevi alok and kub
What it's just
No, it's no off to Laxas, but it's and today is a forum isn't it?
It is you got some home Natasha. No, I got I got some virtual home Natasha, but nothing real yet
Well, what the hell is that mean what are virtual home Natasha? I got sent some home Natasha in the online like a picture of home
I think
Thank you
See you
Don't take any bulls from him
I think
Well, we sure miss her. I think I think when she died that was the end. They
This is the end that was a good email pretty I couldn't have said it better myself
What are we gonna do we're gonna change things?
Joe Bell have been all of a sudden having a awakening. No, we had that stupid-ass meeting on the phone that day and
Clarence was gonna have a talk with Joyce. Did we ever get a follow-up on that? No, no
He's too busy with stupid you and basketball crap in the middle of the day
So mixed bag baby a mixed blessing on the one hand
We enjoy the time off getting out of here early. That's nice on the other hand the audience vanishes
I mean you can't complain about the ratings you get during necker because there aren't any right there won't be anybody listening
I mean nobody
Remember that day that we were gonna have jerks come on an hour early because I'm for yours going on
Oh, I filled in for Joe Rose who is doing that make believe that stunt jury duty stuff
And so I came on at nine remember that a couple days yep
And the jerks volunteered to come on and do the one to two and
Oh, no, oh, no, we don't want that
But you and basketball that's important. That's an important bonanza
Oh god, Neil next on a new day line
Nadiya Suleman tells her story including a new interview just today
Nadiya, what were you thinking?
How many kids is enough for you?
Probably 50 close to 50 you know you got massive head problems
Hey, that's my shoe your P&R
You got to do something
10 18 to 5 60 WQ. I'm here's another email from a ass clown
All everybody's an expert and whatever I say is wrong. I don't know what I'm talking about I'm out of touch
I a dianiani just as long as you understand that no, yeah, I do understand that at least I'm consistent. I'm always wrong
This crap you keep spewing about the security at my a is nonsense
No, it's not nonsense because the last two times I flew out of there. I went through the same crap
The TSA proceed you throughout the country with an MIA for a lot of the other Kalamazoo are identical wrong
And if nothing you do with the airport certain behavior including buying a one-way ticket like flying in and out
Of Miami in the summer and out of my mind I can't the read automatically flags you for secondary screening
I haven't gone through a secondary screen. That's not the problem once again
You have a stronger opinion on something you know nothing about
I don't fly one way to anywhere number one and number two if you're flying out of the country as you're going through security
They have like us a glass
Little glass room off to the side and they stick you in there
They take your boarding pass and they stick you in there with your shoes off and with your none of your possessions and then you wait
In you wait and you wait and you wait and then finally maybe somebody calls and they match you up with your right boarding pass
And then they sit your ass down and they go through another song to dance and they check your shoes and the whole deal
And then maybe you get your stuff back and your boarding pass
It's nonsense
Like flying out of the country ought to make you some kind of a terrorist
I don't know what it's a sucks. Okay. I don't like it. I'm not gonna go through it again
Now why would I make that up? Why would I be talking about if I hadn't experienced it myself?
Why would I make it up? Oh, you just don't like Miami? You know like humans, right?
Yeah, okay, whatever you say the pot. That's right. Just stir it up as Joe would say just like to stir it up
Thank you
C.T. Says hey, you've been more into the two of you. That's for you too. Well, I thank you
Neil I asked you last week about zeitgeist anywhere that was on your website obviously
However, did you know that there was a part two zeitgeist a dendom?
Very interesting with a proposed new social order called the Venus Project
I'm more interested in a new social order called the penis project
That's what I heard just wondering if you've been able to watch that yet also wanted to get Georgia's feedback on watchmen
It sucked
Really that's the short answer
It was boring a boring two hours and 50 minutes with like maybe 10 15 minutes of entertainment and in there lost in their
Horrible story horribly told
Thought it was very good with a career resurrecting moment for Danny Bono Ducci is Roor shock just kidding keep kicking ass
C.T
Danny Bono Ducci is in it that's a joke no, he's not
So what does that mean the guy that played that character that he's mentioning?
I guess looks like about Danny Bono Ducci
Really with all due respect and I've gotten a lot of crap from the people that liked the comic book
Which I never read but it was a long boring movie I see
Well, I guess I'm not gonna be wasting my time with that
Big blue penis
Tom says great show long time. Let's do first time emailer is Joe Rose selling computer sort of like Goldie teaching voice modulation
What the hell does that mean you're not can Joe Rose's spots you better watch it man. He's the spot man
Oh, no Hank Lockman died
I'll be gosh danged
And Jimmy boy died too. I wonder if Jimmy Boyd was kind of tugboid
He used to drive a rocking hand park and suffoc downs
Or maybe he was kind of William Boyd who was happy how belong Cassidy
I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna be talking real slow today because they're sure ain't much coming in
Neil at neorodges.com for all your
Observation starts crap on the emails that that was up to 158 points. Wow. What a wonderful day, huh
Hank Lockman what I said indeed. Sorry, I was a little late. Oh go ahead
But go ahead Hank Lockman 91 dies country singer helped us you're in the Nashville sound well good
I'm glad he's dead. Well 91's old enough anyway
His hits include send me the pillow you dream on
Please help me I'm falling and let me be the one
He was a performer on the grand olaphery for 47 excruciating years
Country singer Hank Lockman who smoothed ten or voice on hits including send me the pillow you dream on and please help me
I'm falling mark the career that spawned half a century as died. He was 91 to die. It's something to this home in Bruton, Alabama
Grand olaphery publicist Jesse Schmidt
Said in Nashville. She said the cause of death is nothing released. It was 91 but they're not releasing the cause of death
Well, well, what does that mean? I don't know. Maybe it took some peels, huh? Uh-huh
Maybe it took some handful of peels
That was up to 155. Why else would they not release the cause of death maybe committed sausages
Right
He helped us you're in the Nashville sound that gave country music a more lush feel a lot of luscious in
country music
mostly
mostly drunks
trailer trash and drunks which I'm sure there's a pretty heavy cross over there when you think indeed
I can just see William Holden would have been good as a redneck because he died with a bottle in his hand. All right
He's a great actor though. I like to hold him holding a lot. He's a very stereo type. You know a lot of red necks are into meth
Well excuse me
Both Lawrence I'm sorry. Born Lawrence Hankins like why I don't want to go through this whole thing
Do you hear him Hank Locklin? No
Please help me um
Fall in the Lord gave me a good voice and I can still sing he said in 2001
Well, you know what? He can't sing no more
Because the Lord works in mysterious ways Lord made him dead the Lord called him home as they like to say
The Lord called him home was his time or some other stupid right?
But that is opposed to just he croaked. You know, he's dead
Oh
Yeah Lord called him home now. He's got there with all them all Marty Robbins and all them other you will giveins and
Not that you'll giveins was a country guy, but he liked to
He liked to eat the bark of the trees a woodsy guy. I guess that's right the country like woodsie all
Jimmy Boyd singer best known for recording the Christmas novelty hit
I saw mommy kissing Santa Claus in
1952 when he was 13 years old
died Saturday. He was 70
Boyd who was also a child actor died of cancer at Santa Monica convalescent hospital and Eleanor Pills said Eleanor Pillsbury a long time friend
I wonder she's came to the Pillsbury Doe Boy
You think?
We don't see that anymore. Do we have to see that in a long time right? Coons age
Wonder whatever have maybe the Pillsbury Doe Boy went bankrupt maybe you heard me. Maybe you got eaten
Maybe they baked a banana
Long be damned
Three weeks after you you'll time kiss and tell us released a song was number one on the billboard charts
It sold two million records less than ten weeks. You got it. I saw mommy. Huh? I don't know
I'm looking at some Santa Claus
Ked's of millions of copies of the much covered son written by Tommy Connors have been sold over the decades
According to the all music online database. Oh, this goes on forever. This is good. I can read this till midnight
Is there sure nothing coming down on those emails today? It's gonna be a really shbosh Tuesday. Wow. I
I don't have that you don't have that
Oh, and by the way Barry Jackass sent me the
Well, what's wrong with that fake Barry Jackass? Oh, I got it here it is. Here's piano phone
Phone lines or whatever and I deleted it right away
If he's already got it what the hell do we need to run around looking for it?
We've met them. Is the worst thing he keeps carrying out about he's got it
Okay, I don't care quite frankly if we had it I'd play it and we don't have it
I'm not playing it and I sure can't play it off the internet
God
Here it is here it is. This is it good. Yeah, that's that's what he said this morning here it is
God and I got this thing Linda Robertson wrote the most ridiculous ass sucking column about red red your Randy molar
You see when you're a play-by-play announcer when you're a sports voice
You you invent your own sayings
You create your own lines for whatever's going on your own home run call and baseball your own goal
Call it hockey whatever whatever sport it is you don't have listeners of radio shows send in lines to a use on broadcast
Hey, you don't steal stuff from Rick Jenner written Mike Lang you don't do that you don't know maybe I do
Well, yeah, read your Randy Moore and Linda Robertson just gushing and going on and on oh
Oh, I'll read it. It's kill some really really bad time
Beware of exploding balls. Do you have to take your daughter?
Sissy the new Jonas Brothers movie oh my god the Jonas Brothers you need the Jonas Brothers movie survival kit
Each survival kit comes with a sleep mask so you don't have to watch
Here plugs so you don't have to hear and a sign I'd capsule just in case the mask and plugs don't work
Oh my god the Jonas Brothers the Jonas Brothers movie survival kit you can make it the film is only 76 minutes long
Me those ear plugs oh my god the Jonas Brothers and the side I
Jonas Brothers 3D concert experience survival kit it's too late for me save yourselves
1032 now this jackass who insists it wrong you're wrong. You know about the aflanga am I
It has nothing to do with flying internationally. I fly international all the time the little glass room was a secondary screening
Which is done by the TSA based on criteria. They set up called caps to help them flag suspicious behavior
I'm pretty suspicious guy when you think oh yeah
The airport from which you depart is not one of the at all one of the criteria
It's possible by flying into four-lotter-dale into parting Miami. You raised I didn't do that. Okay. This is guy this guy's an expert
I flew in a four-lotter-dale and departed from Miami wrong
I don't think so and one time I'm positive I did not but nevertheless
You raised one of the automatic flags. I guess it must have been just a coincidence all the other people in that little
Glass room were also flying international. I must have been just a coincidence. I was flying to Canada
Oh my god a foreign country. He must be a terrorist
But had you done the opposite flown into Miami and out of four-lotter-dale
You theoretically would have had to undergo the same screening of four-lotter-dale
But guess what? There is no little glass room in four-lotter-dale which I've flown out of a million times
Terminal four terminal two this emailer is terminal
But you can keep sending me these things all day long because you're right now. I'm wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong
You fly out of Miami all you want sir go right ahead have a great time. I'm not going there
I'm not going to MIA again
They make you feel like you're some kind of a hardened criminal like like you've got a
bomb
Attached to your belt
And then they pass around they pass around your
Boarding pass, you know, you try to keep your eye on it because you don't want to lose your boarding pass
And they pass it around like like baseball cards, you know like there
I wouldn't be surprised if they're out in the back flipping them, you know like a doobie. Yeah like that
Just like that
Guido Baldo del Monte says
He looked up the word as clown and Miriam Webster's dictionary did word search. Okay. The response was the word you've
entered is not in the dictionary
Well, that's not our fault
He says I'd like to officially submit the word to Miriam Webster online
For entry in this year's new words for 2009
But you certainly have our enthusiastic permission and encouragement to do it as clown
Like the guy who's giving us sound to dance about you know
It's like people in bad marriages or bad relationships. It's the same thing
There are some people who just want to argue for the sake of arguing
It's all they want to do you say it's day they say it's night you say it's black. They say it's white no matter
What it is you know people like that? Oh, yeah
Oh
And that's what I got on here. Okay, you're right number on
I'm going to Miami International right now flying down there now there you go
And I'm gonna fly out of West Palm really screw him up
Open Anthony no longer on K rock oh my god
Just in from the fake Barry jackass it's about time you sent me something that has something to do with something that somebody
My care about Barry besides that oh I found it here it is here's phone line mentioned anna mario
Oh
You're right. Well, you're saying before the show this morning about these old groupies these old iod day groupies sure
And probably mr. Radio is all of them
He's probably Larry King and Joey Reynolds and Barry jackass and right all of them living in the past who would
Well, it's compelling radio. You know what it's 30 freaking years ago 25 30 years ago
There is no more compelling radio. We're not allowed to do compelling radio
But as far as all these losers he's talking about oh Steve Kane and all these people you chased away
Yeah, it chased away all the dead people try to chase away big Wilson and Bill caulder and micrinary
Who else Jim Harper right the bird the bird I chased the bird away why did you do that right and then you killed him
Opian Anthony have been dropped by New York's 92.3 K rock according to a post on opi's Twitter page
Oh, I'm so nauseous
Everybody's got to have a my space that everybody's got to have a Facebook now everybody's got to have a Twitter
Well, when does it stop it does it how many more these do we need hunter how many more 30 man yeah
It's official k rock just informed us is opi
Then our service is in no longer needed number two men 18 to 49 number three men 25 54. This is really bad for our show period
Later he had it is officially over extremely bummed. This is not good for our show period
period
The duo had been hinting that their future a k rock might be in jeopardy for some time now
But fans had remained hopeful that a deal could be reached to pearly this was not the case
People are just vanishing from the radio like a what's your name yeah that one they're just vanishing. They're disappearing
Open Anthony you join CBS radio assume Howard Stern's former Helm nearly three years ago. That is
Fagship station then known as free FM
The 92.3 free FM moniker didn't work out well so in May 2007 it returned as 92.3 K rock WXRK
The word today is the 92.3 K rock will soon flip the switch again and change the 92.3 now
Oh now and then next week it'll be 92.3 then
Also changing will be the format dropping the rock behind K rock and transforming
92.3 and now into a current hit station
Hence the now seeing you following that I get it now
now
So what's your take on reanna do you think feel sorry for this uh idiot
For him or her for her no no anymore you feel sorry for him no
So there's a lot of people defending him don't you know based on what based on the fact that he's a woman beater
Well, I don't want to slime ball. I don't want to quote what some of the people were
We're saying because it's ridiculous like you bitch had like come in the bitch had a comment. She started it
You know how they know well they're just she started what that's what his friends you see you can feel sorry for women
Who need the man for support for financial support whatever but her face she's the superstar right
She's the one with a big bug right she needs him
Zebi a lachn couple that's right
Like a whole like a hole in the head
Right on but it's love she wasn't shut in love
And as much as I hate this whole notion that celebrities have to be uh examples because they don't they just have to entertain you know
Parents are supposed to be the examples right having said that she's setting about example
For everybody right
You see that one one picture there her face looked like chopped liver sure just battered her to shreds right
Oh, but she wasn't back he was
He's taking anger management
The
Ambra management might ask enough to make you want to puke so not to make him want to fly out of Miami international that little glass room
Oh, I know that I'm sure that I'm sure I'm gonna get a hundred emails from that same Schmendrick over and over and over and over all day
You
Here's one that says I just turned a friend of mine out of the show. She's from Canada. She has a gay brother
Way to go on 33 years in the market you sucker whatever from joebell uh-huh
You sucker whatever
You suck and whatever I was listening to Paul and Rhonda this morning somebody says
This is a J from Cooper Cooper City Paul gave you a compliment by saying you're great at what you do
If you consider being a negative bashing radio talk show host to compliment
What what does that mean? Well, I like it so keep on bashing
If you consider being a negative bashing radio talk show is the kind what does that mean?
I think it was a backhanded compliment. It's what they're talking about. I really don't care
Yeah, I'm not the least bit interested in either one of those people although they did beat the crap out of uh
Bubba I got an email about Bubba momentarily
Oh
Mark and Miami go away with anybody wants to knock anybody who spends a dime on this station get lost okay
I'm not gonna get suck it into that. I'm not gonna play that game
Here's one from CT check out this video on YouTube. I know you won't open this link
But watch it on your own when you have chance really interested. No, I will not. I'm deleting it right now
I don't have time to pochky around with emails with the links with YouTube videos and all this other crap
I don't have time for it
So you can keep sending him and let for makes you feel good. Oh, I said that's a deal. He'll get a real kick out of it
No, I won't because I won't look at it. I
Don't have time to mess with crap
Oh, but it's so great. Okay, great. Well just like that phone lines thing with the fakeberry jackass. Oh here it is. I got it here it is
It's just they just speechless you know, yeah, it does
They're out there. Oh, they're all over all over the place all over the place. I think I jol is you right right now
Oh, good. I have never seen people so excited about being out on Friday the 13th
Okay, now it's hitting spooky. We don't go near any place
It's spooky hunting for bin or creepy in the next place is like over
Creepy
It's creepy. Do you know what today? It is not this Friday. It is pretty Friday. That's creepy
This place here is creepy
It's creepy but it's very cool
Well, that was just playing creepy the creepiest thing I've ever heard
You're even wet by sand scared by salt for little
But it occurs is just a nutty silly superstition
Freak out Friday
Friday together the weekend happy Friday. It's freaky Friday. Yeah, feeling slightly. This is everybody's favorite day
Yeah, this Friday's the 13th. What we do?
Big deal when I flew to a Vancouver when we went out there. We flew in Friday the 13th
Did they play in crash? No, any problems? No, we get secondary screening at the airport. No, I like Friday the 13
Why they just uh, I like it because it freaks other people out and it's always been a good day for me
Really? Yeah, you like it very much. Oh, wait, maybe I do
Ha ha ha ha
Here comes and wait till I haven't uh mentioned this in any of the previous
800 emails about the airport
Yep his email address. It's email address subject idiot jh.uhk.uhk.uhk.uhk.uh
Iwiwiwi
Johoo, Johoo, maybe it's Eddie
Johoo, Johoo
Yeah
Babu Babu Babu Babu
Maybe that's who that is crazy Eddie. Anyway, subject idiot. You are such a stubborn idiot. It amazes me
About 50% of travel out of mi as international did you see 50% of people going for secondary screening? Obviously not
In addition for a lot of day, I'll does have an area for secondary screening
They have an area for secondary screen, but not like a little glass room where you feel like you're gonna
Closter phobic like you're all jammed to like this little glass room off to the side
And a percentage of travelers selected for secondary screening, which is automatically done by the TSA computer is just as high for La Rela's Miami
Also the terminal letter candidates is at mi is nicer than for La Rela and has better dining options
Dining and dancing and I don't go to the airport to eat okay schmuck
30 something restaurants in that terminal open in the past year terminal is the word as far as Palm Beach
It overall is the most convenient and pleasant out of the three, but of course has much fewer non-stop options
I don't go to Palm Beach to fly I don't put a Palm Beach period
Can you imagine me going to Palm Beach airport to go anywhere?
No
Anyway, I like Fort Lauderdale airport better. I mean, you know, it's like you having an argument about the what you like rocky road
Bearer of vanilla you like vanilla. I like rocky road. That's it. We can exchange emails all day long go back
Which is good. It's come some good time
Back and forth and forth and back and on and on and on and I don't like Miami airport period
I don't like it
And it's not because no speaking English. I mean, that's one of the least problems although that does that is starting to bother me a little bit
Last time I looked on the map and I realized it's only a geographical fact
Miami was in the USA
Speaky English
You look at that security business at mi a and oh, I'm
Exactly, yeah, you look at one of those old colonial maps
Yeah, that's right where this was a listed as Spanish territory. That's the map you ought to be using
Phil arc actually agrees with me
To a point although he does say ps. I was right about the chalk at Gulfstream again. Well goody goody gumdrop
I don't play the chalk very seldom
Although we did have a chalk double the previous week, but nevertheless
I can't pick the winner every week. Okay. I do the best I can and I'm not going with the chalk every week
Anybody can do that. Oh, here's a one to five. Let's go with that. No, let's beat the chalk
That's handicrapping beating the chalk
Seeing false favorites, but anyway
Hello, Neil the TSA people have quotas they have to meet during each shift for example one time I overheard
One of them say how many computers do you have sure enough?
They selected me for the secondary search because I was the only one in line with my computer with me
They don't concern themselves with security or suspicious activity
They just are into meeting an arbitrary quota five blue bags six red bags 10 computers etc etc
How do you like that mr. Isha Bivolo mr. Babu Babu Babu whatever your name is
But you keep going back and forth I'm an idiot. I like for Lauderdale airport better
It's much closer to my house. It's more convenient for me. Yep
They speak English there. It is just the whole thing. I don't have any problems there
And just because I'm flying to Toronto or wherever the hell I'm going
I don't have although I will say this they don't have very many direct flights to anywhere
How to for Lauderdale
Unless you go into the islands man you go into the islands no not recently that like they don't like my kind in the islands man
Jews
Here's one that says by the way is this the same idiot oh yeah
You will know if you've been pre-selected for secondary screening you'll have an SS SS
I printed on your boarding pass
So if you check in online the night before when you leave and see the SS SS you know you'll have to go for the secondary screening
And here's an example of a
boarding pass and then he sends me a copy of this
Don't worry Roger. I won't read you read your last name
If that's his I don't know who that might not be his
Merkiner lines SS SS
See the SS that's what it's all about
It's like a bunch of Nazis just making your life as miserable as they possibly can SS
Brandences. I'll have to agree with you for long day. I was a million times better than Miami report
And not just the airport itself, but just driving in and out of it isn't the nightmare that it is when going to Miami
That's correct
My god could there be anything simpler than driving into for Lauderdale airport
Could there be anything simpler huh no simple pimple man fall it off a log
Miami international and now when you leave Miami international getting out of there like oh my god
Where are we going here the all these signs are badly designed and the steering you in the wrong direction
They're steering it up
Robert says
You don't know me, but you know who I am. Oh boy
You don't know me
But you know who I am he's the swim guy
The what guy swim I don't understand that well. I'll read the whole thing
So here's the fake Larry King George had Eric
Van my emails because I spoke out against him
You approve of the censorship the fake Larry yes
How the fake Larry and the fake how is he able to write you like band is he know all you all of you are mr. Radio
You're the same person right you're a misfit how you like him how are they?
I'm a f-ing misfit
Why he's getting through to you how did I block him I don't know well. He's using a different thing
I say oh well in that case
Yeah, George tells me who to block in or not to block that's like I nothing to do with my computer. Okay. I'll block whoever I want to block
Bob says you don't know me, but you know who I am. I'm the swimman from Greenwich, Connecticut
a.k.a. Bend over and life time on plenty of listener
Now what what what does that all mean you haven't can you interpret that from no? I was hoping that you would I don't have any idea
What he's talking about I'm sure he doesn't either I
Fulistly we turn to South Florida for family reasons last week it took only three days for someone to break in in my car
I feel so welcome the thing that puzzled me is this why are there approximately 157 sports stations on in South Florida
I don't understand how near we with some of the lazyest dumbest sports fans in the country needs this many sports stations
Not just lazy fans, but empty seats at sporting events
What am I missing WTF don't ever retire please his Bob retire
Okay, he's the swimman from our Greenwich, Connecticut a.k.a. Bend over
They're out there. You're right. They are there
Keep it coming. Oh, we got a long way to go. We got three hours and six minutes to kill here
And then Thursday 1130 we got that basketball game the pregame show at 1130 in the morning. Wow
Now here's one. This is hysterical
From confused well wait till you hear this
This could be one of the all-time greats. I can't wait
Yeah, happy poor, poor, um
Tyson who's a real idiot one of many happy, poor, um, PUR IUM. Yeah, happy, poor, um, to you too moron
God
So many dummies and so little time so many glam
Ernie says he's confused
You sound so much like Paul Castro nobo on 105.9. It's uncanny
I've been listening to both these stations for some time now and I have to say you both sound identical
Is there any validity to this no or should I just have another drink and say the hell with it?
It's driving me and others crazy
Also George sounds like one of the side kicks on 105.9 as well
Confused in other words
I'll just confess that you know we're the same people. Yeah, just have another drink and we'll
This is the neo-Rodger show
This is your brain
Any questions
Today on TMZ president of obama campaign for a economic recovery plan in court Myers, Florida last question
Oh, this such a blessing to see you mr. President. Thank you for taking time out of your day. Oh
Fish is God thank you so much
You're going to school. What do you study? I'm just looking to study and majoring in communications
Hopefully being a broadcaster or a disjockey that that's is unfortunate
What a waste of money today on TMZ what a waste of space that the creep from a four-mire is that punk
That was so embarrassing and I love the fact we got that bid
Thank you so much, mr. Braille my go
Also, I yeah boob boob boob is back again. Of course. This will go on all day. No question great
Also the intermodel center at mi is under construction with metro rail trial rental cars etc
You'll be able to take the metro rail directly from the airport to the four seasons or mandarin oriental hotel on brickel
Well, guess what? I'm not going to be going to the four seasons or the mandarin oriental on brickel and I live inbroward
Okay, my house is inbroward not on brickel. This is another one of these mandericks who thinks everybody is on brickel
Most of the people I know most of them they don't want even to cross indedate county much less hang out there
Okay, I could be wrong about that maybe things have changed dramatically maybe everybody of all those sudden running back to date
Are you slipping back to date?
Just now I'm not talking about for work. I'm talking about like to move to live not to live where to move it just to hang out
No, oh not even on brickel
How much you paying me you can take the metro rail you sending a little
God almighty
I'm convinced that some of these people I mean I don't want to like not date county too much because there's some nice people there
We have some audience there five or ten
but
Give me a break
Jason says hats off to George
I was lucky enough to get tickets to a pre-opening day show up watching showing of watchman and was really excited
I wanted to like it very much, but the more it went on the more I realized the movie just didn't do it for me
Likewise, I wanted to like it
It was about 45 minutes too long yeah, the folks who said the disturb would be difficult to translate to the screen work correct
How do you like that?
It didn't help that we got to the theater 30 minutes before the movie started was already packed so we had to sit in the second row
I didn't hate it as much as George did, but I certainly didn't like it as much as I wanted to
Watchman any any thoughts
Your thoughts I'm gonna take a beating for hating it, but uh what else your thoughts on it nifty
Mime airport
How much have we took a poll on that? I don't know
We could take that poll one day which airport do you like best in South Florida Palm Beach Miami International or Fort Lauderdale Hollywood
Which one you like flying out of best in and out
Adrian who obviously needs some a serious ass
Estense
Sirius Adrian
Yesterday you mentioned an article called the godfather wars being an obsessed fan of godfather. I was compelled to read it
I think you should read it on the year even though it is rather lengthy 23 pages
I've attached to copying the article for your review as if I don't already have it
Please read it as you have a stellar voice for bedtime stories regards Adrian Adrian
I mean you've got to be kidding me 23 pages
Of Kakarai about the godfather enough with the godfather already okay
Nobody loves godfather more than I do and have for a long long time
But the noug
Yeah
You agree?
All mean we can revisit it
No, I'm not saying we're never gonna talk about it again, but Jesus god 23 page story. Yeah, no
It's from vanity fair go by the magazine if you want to read go on the line
I'd rather hear you read crank emails. Yeah, I have a wonderful voice for you. I don't like anything. You're just sour
I don't blame like you
Here's one that said you can say that again when you're working for these grave robbing bastards you bet
I also prefer for a lot of daily reports is a Todd at six in the morning today after
The NHL lockout my keen and almost ran over my entire family. It's hate to get out of town. So I have very fine memories there
Isn't that amusing?
Todd
so sad
And here's here again the fake Larry King with the lester green shirt back and forth and on and on boring boring delete
boring
Naked eye spies not enough skin say what that well it's from a brand and it might be worth reading okay
Let me print it out. Oh, no, don't do that read it off the monitor. No, I will not
All these people with all their instructions do this. Sorry. Here's the full article 21 pages should kill some good time
Don't you know, I do not I do not agree
Wow, just deleted it again Adrian the same Adrian don't you agree? No
If I have to sit here and read the name Chinese a phone book. I'll do it before I'm gonna read the name 23 page article about the god of father
That was up to 142 points
Should be a really stellar day. It was a real happy day yesterday for a while then I realized all of a sudden my life is just vanishing before my eyes
Maybe not my life just my money, you know what I mean? Yeah, here comes the bunny and there goes my money they kind of go hand it hand
Don't they yeah
Everybody's got their handout everybody wants to be a good time Charlie at my expense
I think what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take like a a mattress
I think they'll let you put a mattress on a street corner
Hmm probably not like some warm. I don't know big warm overcoat like a sleeping bag the sleeping bag would be good and
kind of like
Steak out a corner of my own there you go
Yeah, second job pan handling no first job. Oh
An only job pan handling
Sure sell beats these batches that one email I got there to begin the show that was the all-time not the all-time best
There was wherever was spot on though it had a spot on it like this shirt
Oh, I guess where we had lunch yesterday to celebrate Paco getting his G2 license
Uh red lobster. Yes
Wow, good guess boy George is no
What no hinting or none?
I
Guess what I had for dessert that chocolate wave. Oh boy not for diabetes, but nevertheless
What a way to go that is outstanding
And even he who had eaten way more than he should have I mean just enough for two people even he took a fork and started
Like digging into my chocolate wave and I wanted to say hey get your fork out of here out of my
You know stop getting the fork out of here. Yeah, I didn't do it
Well, it was his a big celebratory day, you know, it got us that's like now he's a driver
Of course here in Toronto everybody's a driver all these crazy smelly Chinese money everybody's a driver
Poon job either all dry every every Indian guy drives a limo airport limo
Everyone of them pack ease and the engines
You know those not not the real long limos, but make believe it stunt limo I see
tourist John Harrison was evicted from a Mossman nudist resort after a barrel argument with the owner for not showing enough skin a what man
You want me to read it again?
A Mossman nudist resort
And hopefully you're gonna tell us what that is right. I don't know there's more to this
Well, let me do it mr
Harrison is wife Lynn from the gold coast
Is this an austrian thing or something? I don't know what this is from Brandon says it's an interesting story
He just doesn't tell me where or what or whatever well maybe he'll follow up
Mr
Harrison and his wife Lynn from the gold coast arrived at the white cockatoo on Sunday for a week stay at the month long sex party
The Harrison seven days of fun were cut short on Tuesday night after an argument with owner Tony Fox
Like that. They're a fiction
Mr Fox believe mr
Harrison's decision to wear clothing while waiting for his wife to get dressed before going out to dinner was disrespectful to
Bear bummed guests. Well when it says bum you know that's a
Or something rid or osse kind of crap some some some Brit related garbage bear bummed guests. Oh you British people are so silly. You're silly
Too many of course it would it would have been silly if weren't for all this suffering of all the people in India and South Africa and I'll stride in all over the world
That the Brits dished out. Oh, it's a my fuck the islands last Malveenis
That's the last great British stand and of course the US was in the where was it canary and not canary islands where was it
I don't know Grenada. Oh, that's right same thing
After an entire argument erupted mr. Fox gave mr. Harrison his marching orders having his staff packed their bags and put them at reception while they were at dinner
Mr
Harrison 55 city was told to leave after the argument
Mr. Fox asked me why I was dressed in front of other people kind of was disrespectful
He then stormed away and said stop being an f-head
Mr. Fox said mr. Harrison threatened to punch him and claim to his entitled to evacuate
Guests who use such behavior spelled I.O. You are oh how British
The four females in myself and everybody else everybody without exception were nude and walked up with a beer him
His handfully clothed mr. Harrison said
Any guests in my property threatening the host behind my back will be evicted no host would tolerate that kind of behavior
On the white cockatoo website clothing is optional for the month of debauchery
Police were called to resort that night mr.
Mr. Harrison was escorted to a room to claim her purse which was not in her bags police are not investigating the matter
They're not investing well. Thank God
In my in a Mossman
Wow
You know the Mossman
No, I don't know the boss man Bruce
No god no not that one
Oh, here's one what did you eat that edible at red lobster? I love the red lobster
What is it? I know the red lobster is a better that that's correct. There's one good one. I don't know
Maybe it's the only good one in town. It's good
I had the clam chowder which is outstanding and I had the stuff mushrooms with crab meat and I had that great dessert
That's what I had and it was great
Oh, no, you're wrong the others usual like always you're wrong. You're consistent. You're always wrong. Okay
I mean why would I make that up do I have stock in red lobster or whatever the company's that don't know why would I make that up
Just to be a bastard right just to be wrong
You don't think everything? Yeah, well here we go again
My turn gotta fight it what a what a
You're lunger
Wow
Yeah
It's
I've got the power to mold and control
Whoa, who's no at you?
Where I have a way to get to your own show
At a station down in Hollywood
And I don't care if you're waiting alone
Just as long as you can stroke me good
I'm under same bar, baby
And you'll do anything I want you to
Of your consultant work
Spade your legion I desire you
I'm gonna bone you
I'm gonna bone you
Hold on, that's not bad
And realize that's why I'm a consultant
Cause I'm just an ass
Clown
Yeah, real ass plan if there was one water sable
Boy, what a jerk he killed Jerry Williams put him in his grave
We'll never forgive you for that water
How come we haven't been hearing from the fake water sable
I didn't even know I'm sure
It would seem to me that him and the fake grave you dealt with
They're probably sitting on the same chair at the same time right now
Oh yeah
And the same skin
Yes
And the same four
So, baboo baboo baboo baboo we we is back
By the way if you took a poll overall I would vote Palm Beach first
For Lauderdale Miami Todd for second
The reason is that Miami 75% of the trapeze going on American airlines
Are their partners and their terminals on their temporary construction of mess right now
Till next year
Yeah, American airlines forget it not for me
However, if you're among the other 25% on air Canada, Lufthansa, Swiss etc.
Then you use the new terminal in Miami which is the best in South Florida wrong
Terminal H that's where I went to last the time and believe you mean never again
You can't and nobody can find you you can't find them it should like where is everybody
One of the best in the country says baboo baboo
The spirit airlines terminal for Lauderdale is the worst
If you're talking about terminal four that is correct the worst it is terminal
Terminal
6,000 flights out of a terminal that's about the size of a phone booth
And they're all going to the islands man oh air Canada used to fly out of there and boy
That's that's why I tried to Miami a couple of times because I was so disenchanted with terminal four
But now it's terminal two at Miami at the four Lauderdale whatever it is
He just wants to continue this all freaking day on and on and on
Don't you find it captivating?
Yeah
Riveting
Compelling as Mr. Radio would say it's compelling
If I was in charge of WQM for one hour I would fire Joyce 181 what is it?
188
168
See it's at the chocolate wave dessert yesterday
That's what my eyes are like oh roll it on my head
Higher Randy Rhodes 133 put Neil on for eight hours at a 125 fixed at AM signal 110
We have a hang gold bear 105 changed when on sports talk format 80
Give George's own show 72 higher sets Coleman 67
Send everybody home and padlocked it over 39 fire Joe Bell 33 fire the big O18
Change the ball music format 10 give it all the dolphin games eight out of 960
When we get to a thousand else switch to the other else wish it can I switch it?
Yes
Okay, here's this a Kathy email about Bubba
It says a Bubba love sponge report unless somebody beats me to it nobody beats you to it Kathy because evidently nobody is that we don't have a lot of crossover with us in Bubba
We get very little feedback about that child
Bubba's been crying on the air about coming in 22nd in the ratings in South Florida
Specifically that they don't know how to get through to the Hispanic listeners
Someone with professional sounding recording equipment and a female announcer sent Bubba bunch of rejoins in Spanish
Now this all could have been an act he really didn't know what they all said or could have just been an inside job but he gets on the
And starts playing them all same way he doesn't know what any of them say
However, he's just thrilled that somebody went to the time and trouble to make these up and send him to him
He plays them all even though I don't know enough Spanish there are mentions of being big and fat
Of taking a kid to a cart races that don't seem positive and something about Castro which Bubba says that's good isn't it?
Which is almost never good when you're trying to attract Cubans
Finally a young woman calls in tells him what they really mean that's a shame that someone like Bubba can be an American citizen
But not some of us that he's so dummy actually thinks that go cart racing with his son is interesting radio and then he makes Castro seem like a teddy bear among other things
I have to really admit I got a laugh out of the idea that he might have been punked in this way but Christ on a bike
I didn't finish my broadcasting to read for lack of money but even I know you don't play something on the
Year in a language you don't understand unvetted good work Mike Disney can we have our music in a morning back now as Kathy?
I'm sure you can't right although Joyce is working on it now let's see he's on in what what station is he on Fort Myers?
That Joyce is giving them all kinds of grief. Yeah, I do believe that's the one Fort Myers.
What are how long that's going to last? Because I know I sure as hell would sacrifice all the other major markets that he's on it for Fort Myers
Who wouldn't want to be on the year over there in Fort Myers? Maybe even babu babu babu
Later on it says George was about to explain why he didn't like watchman before he started talking over him. Well, I didn't realize it was talking over you but
I didn't realize that either I didn't think we were actually going to talk about it. It was way too fat. It was way too long. It was a bad story poorly told
With all due respect to the people that like the comic and for more than one of those people even them that know the movie did a crappy job translating the comic not that that makes it good or bad or otherwise it was just a bad boring movie.
I thought I would have seen that the first time. I'm talking over you again. Yeah, there you go with a few interesting you know and entertaining moments within it but certainly not worth you know two hours and 50 minutes and the eight bucks that it caused to go there.
Although big blue penis. What does that mean? Some of you might like the fact that there was a big blue penis a lot at not just big and blue but glowing with sparklies around it.
Oh boy. What excitement? Yeah, my wife might go see it just because of that.
So in closing on that subject, let me ask you one thing. Do you like it? Yes.
I mean, I interrupted you before you told us why I think you said it was I think I did I think I did say that ponderous and like that. Yeah.
Anthony and Tamerak says, oh, this is so sad. This is so sad. You know, I think that one word describes so many of the emails that we get on this crap. Sad.
It reminds me of that song by the Everly Brothers. So sad. Remember that song? You got it? I like so sad when good love goes bad or something like that.
Don and fill the Everly Brothers. Still nobody has told us who had the more manly penis.
Was it blue? Did it glow? It glowed in sparkle. Yeah. And they both had the same one as what I understood. Let's talk about the sheriff.
They take turns with it. They buried it. I don't know if they shared it. So sad. Is that more? I think I'm going to be joy.
Thank you. It's going on all over. Well, listening yesterday. This is Anthony and Tamerak. I heard you play part of a show where the bird was getting ripped a new one by a young male caller.
I've listened to you whenever I could since 1994. Always wondered about the bird. Was he so boring that callers would be right him to shut his beak? Was he an ass clown? Or was he just an idiot?
Just wanted no more about the guy because those few moments you played that bit. He seemed he did not seem cut out for radio. Have a great week Anthony and Tamerak.
What does that mean? Didn't seem cut out for radio. I don't know what that means. He's talking about the bird. He was fine on Zeta. He did a good job on his A to show. And he was it was my fault. Slumping him along to IOD because you know me. I'm the I support the whole.
I remember you telling the story of the time and he put some pressure on you and your old softie in a nice guy. I didn't want to leave him without a job.
He didn't put any pressure on me. Code to IOD with you. No. Okay. Not that I recall. I don't remember that. It was my idea. You said he laid a guilt trip on you. Get out of here. Get out of here. Make it. I just made all that up.
Boy, you are Johnny Darts going to be on your ass. Oh, no. You're listening to Neil Rogers. Holy macken on.
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God.
Rooster Chuchu is back. Of course. Of course. Pueing more of anthem. Of course. Miami has changed a lot. In fact, in this recession, property values and tax revenues in Miami.
They have decreased, but not to the same extremes as other places because of the access to European and Latin American markets. Are you listening, Georgie Boy?
I bet your Cuban brothers and sisters in Kendall are probably maintaining their home's value.
Well, not better than the dump you call a home in Hollywood. Check out what the value of Miami condo near the water is going for versus the ones in
Broward as much as the Marlon Stadium causes spasm as in people. It shows Miami's financial and marketing superiority over Broward.
The Panther decline began exactly when they moved to sunrise. Is that a coincidence? I think not.
While construction has stopped all over the country, it continues here. Believe me. I know I'm in the business.
Hey, Georgie Boy, your stupid fun to the concords are playing it back United Center in Coral Geples, April 7th. Are you going or are you too scared of getting mugged and date?
Wussy? Wussy with a pee? You get scared of getting mugged and date? No, not now.
Remember, I just mentioned yesterday would be a good poll about your favorite discontinued product. I didn't say where we're doing the poll.
But Ben Meias was working could not email Ben my whatever Ben. I'm the product I miss most is Nehi Oransoda from Ben.
I was never crazy about orange soda although I did like orange crush. They still make that. Yep. I never find diet orange crush though.
Never crush it. I think I would have to break a tad early because once I get into this thing, Linda Robertson in the Harold writes an article that is so anxious and so it's the epitome of what South Florida is all about.
Randy Moher's goal calls catching on by Linda Robertson in today's Miami Herald.
Absolutely, positively, unacceptable. And this this reminds me of Bowel P. Calcick. What was that broads name that went up going to Washington?
Rachel Alexander. What a memory George has got. Huh? That was up to 165 point. Aren't you thrilled? Oh, yeah. I'm pretty excited about it.
Red deer Randy Moher just you can you can take dog poop in South Florida and make it into a big hit.
Oh, that's the best smell of dog poop. I've ever that's the most delicious dog poop I ever had for lunch like that.
I mean, look at this show. The fact that after what they've done to what we still have any audience like that. That's that's that's attributes of something.
I don't know what it is. The fact that after we've been joyced and we've been hanged and we've been hunkered and just you know, we still got something.
What? Not much. 981 votes on the poll. Don't let me forget when we get to a thousand. I might change it or not as the case may be.
You're listening to Neil Rogers. Well, here we go again. Oh my God. If you play Hank Goldberg again, I'm going to throw up.
Hi kids. I'm Alex Rodriguez. I'm here to tell you to stay off steroids and other performance enhancing drugs because they will destroy your career and life.
Just look at me. I'm the richest man in baseball and I nail Madonna. Okay, maybe I'm a bad example, but at least I didn't sleep with many McCreedy when she was 15 right climbers. Yeah.
Who demand? Yeah. I remember kids steroids bad for you, et cetera, et cetera. Hey, somebody bring my limb all around. I have to go not ride an Alamotty check. It's good to be a ride.
1142 at 560 W2 a fraud a or a Roy day, whatever. I don't really care about him. I don't care about Rihanna. I don't care about Chris Brown. I don't care about any of these people. Do you?
No good. Let's start caring about us right on the beast says racial Alexander is now Rachel Nichols and she's one of the SPN's main reporters.
She makes me nauseous and looks like the wicked witch of the West. Well, if she makes the beast nauseous, she must be really witchy witchy woman.
Rachel Alexander by a lot of people kick. Oh boy. I mean, that's the epitome of what South Florida is all about.
No, this is the epitome. But before we get to the, oh, this is even better. And now some people probably would wonder, including you. Why do you read this crap?
Why don't you just smit cannon? Because I think that it's worth sharing with the audience so that you get a taste. You get an idea of what the input.
We get on these emails. Okay. I'll give you one guess who this next email is from. I don't know the fake something or other. No. Well, he probably is.
Mr. Radio. Oh, what a good guess. Subject the bird. I want you to listen to this. Okay. And see it. See if you can keep your sanity. Is I'm reading it? All right.
Love the bird. Do you remember how he started with you on W. I. N. Z. You would just move from nights to mid days. Glenn worked on the FM side gloves 94.
First of all, love 94 had nothing to do with W. I. N. Z. The FM side there was I 95 when he did not work there. He had worked at love 94.
So again, Mr. Radio, Mr. expert. He's trying to refresh my memory. He doesn't know what the hell he's talking about. He worked on the FM side. Love 94 wrong. Wrong.
He was working in some capacity with the daffy. The new the daffy, the news department of the tea lady.
Do you understand what that means? The dead we had the taping the columnist to call her daffy McCallum. He which he did not work with her.
He would bring in the mail and started chiming in on the air. You guys had great chemistry on the air. His life was infectious and was truly on air magic between the two of you. It was on air magic.
This is a lot of take this person. Do you remember your last show on W. I. N. Z. You had Stan J. Michaels in the studios. Elvis Jr. called in. Very funny. Your cast off song. It was a parody of I didn't my way. Do you remember any of this? I don't remember most of it because most of it you fabricated made up in your sick mind.
He was on love 94 the FM side of I. N. Z. The year you were on Zeta and the early days of W. I. D. was some of the most guess what word we have coming here.
Sintillating some of the most compelling radio I've ever heard. He is easily compelled. Maybe the spirit of Christ compels him to write this swill. The bird was a big part of this. I assume it ended the way it did. It's a shame and ended the way it did. It's the same.
A. S. S. A. M. Mr. Radio. I confess my mistake bringing him over to I. D. We didn't need two people on that show. Wasn't FM show.
And contrary to what you say he was fine on the other Zeta show. He did a good job. What did I ever say different? I don't know. I just when you were just relaxed. You just make stuff up. Well, that makes stuff up. How do you like this email from? Yeah. This is the self proclaimed expert.
This is the man who is the expert on South Florida radio. He knows it all. He knows when everybody farted. What time it was. How many seconds it took what they had for breakfast? Yaddi Yaddi Yaddi. Well, here's something that you I'm sure remember. Yes. He had his own personal little fan club that you hated because they would rip you when he was on and that's all that went on when you took days off and little vacations and they loved him because of that because you had banned them from the show. And he was there gateway back on right to the show. Like joy would not only let those people back out.
You know, I mean, you're in your mind that this is one of those characters. Whoever Mr. Radio is is one of his little cadre there that would rip you and ask behind your back when when he was hosting. And you said crazy person. He was working in some capacity with the Daffy. The news department and the tea lady. Sure. He just missed a word there. The Daffy, the news department and the tea lady. What does that mean? I don't even understand what those words mean. There were words on a page. Words on a freaking page. Mr. Radio. He was on the FM.
He was on the website. Love 94 wrong wrong guy. Gannett owned W. I. and Z and I 95 and those days, which later became Zeta and had done to do it. Love 94 but nevertheless. Oh, no, you're wrong.
Here's an article from Jack Kaffredy. He said the Republican party is becoming a cartoon. Where to start? And he goes on about Bobby Gindall and Sarah Payland and this one and that one in the Audi Audi Audi and Michael steel and Bush Bing bang and on and on a goes.
Quite frankly, I don't have time to waste with the Republican party and neither does most of the rest of America. Here is one. What's your take on Tom Brady getting married? What an idiot? Alex Rodriguez.
Those are the words. I'm the same. What's your take on Tom Brady getting married? What an idiot? Alex Rodriguez.
There you understand that? I guess we're supposed to pretend that that's Alex Rodriguez saying that. Is that what that's supposed to mean? Oh, I don't know. I'm just taking a while.
You know, Swain man, looking at the words on the page says what an idiot exclamation point that it says Alex Rodriguez. What's my take on Tom Brady getting me? What a why care? What is that going to do? What is that going to do for me to me? Now he's not going to have sex with you.
Oh, you know, where there was a chance before. Damn it. Oh, Jimmy Dorsk got to me to be depressing again, but and then he goes on. Oh, geez, I sure hope this isn't depressing Jimmy Jimmy D. God.
Wouldn't you hate it if it I mean people are out of work that they were in a depression worldwide. People can't find two nickels to rub together or anything else.
The last thing we want is depressing. We want off lifting like Mr. Radio. It was compelling. That was that was a compelling email.
Compelling email. I was compelled to read it. It was where it was great. It was a series of misstatement. Just do you remember this? Well, obviously you don't because you got it all wrong.
Maybe you're wrong. Maybe you're just seen out. I don't remember what he was doing. Glenn in the building at that time. He was he did bring in the mail.
He did like odd stuff around the building, which you know, in his case, odd was the word, but he did stuff and he was would bring in the mail, which in those days, he used to get like a ton of mail back when we had an audience on a stage with a signal.
When I was doing mid days and it's true. And then every now and then he would come in and he would invite himself to sit down and you know and open the mic and we would pop up like that. It was fine. We had fun.
I have no negative things to say about that about or the Zeta experience. Zeta was great. I would say the Zeta show and in the morning with him in the computer. That was the best year of radio. I've been in the third.
I did in the 33 years you've often said now maybe Mr. Radio would disagree with that, but it was compelling. It was your compelling.
And all these people are carrying on about IOD and about the Phil and the Ricken Sods and me and Randy. I think that their memory may be a little bit deficient. You know, we had a lot of good moments there, but I don't think it was nearly as compelling as some of these people would have us believe.
It was a good lineup. I mean, you know, there were a lot of strong personalities in that lineup, but I don't think it was as compelling as some would believe. Do you?
Well, think about it. See, I didn't listen like listen, listen, you know, what do you mean? Oh, so in other words, George is now admitting that when he was board-opping the show just like now he wasn't listening.
Oh, you're talking about I thought you were talking about the bird stuff. No, I'm talking about the IOD days with Phil and Ricken Sods and you're truly in Randy that everybody's always going, oh my god, those were great. They were great.
For 12 hours a day, you know, one show referring to the other show and all this overlapping audience. Yeah, just like that.
Just like that. I'm going soap opera and people, you know, playing tricks on each other or helping each other out and just like, yeah, it was a lot of overlapping shows and a lot of overlapping audiences.
The producers were always helping each other out.
The thousand up to 56, by the way, aren't you excited? Aren't you thrilled? I am. I'm twisting them right now. It's getting close to 7,000 again almost up to half of what it was a few weeks ago when it was 14,000.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money. Haven't heard from Maria being a little while. Well, give her a really shocked that we haven't heard from her today with the doubt being up so much.
Making all of this big money. Car dealers go and broke newspapers going out of business. TV stations are laying everybody off radio stations are all going bust.
And Jimmy Dorsky says, I don't mean to be depressing again. Well, no, stopping depressing, but I feel I need to comment on this.
Last night I went to downtown Miami for the first time in years and I simply couldn't believe the homeless problem.
But you ought to come here to Toronto, man. You talk about embarrassing. And this is a place where we have winners, nasty winners like this past winner, nasty winners and the homeless. It's a disgrace.
I'm a way to the heat game. I slowly passed block after block of people living on the sidewalk and it broke my heart.
There is just no excuse for it in this country. These people were living on sidewalks just to block away from multi-million dollar condos. And here I was going to watch a bunch of millionaires toss a ball around. How do you like that?
The reality of the situation suddenly hit me very hard today. I find myself trying to make sense of it all wondering what I can do to help.
Is it a futile effort? Does it make a small difference really matter? If you hand out any 20s to the people sleeping on a corner there.
You say here here's here's some change, Mr. Have a good day. Go get yourself a warm meal or something. That'd be a new one.
When I got to work this morning, I read online that someone bought Octo Mama brand new house and after what I saw last night, this news made me want to punch a hole in the TV screen.
I really hope we get our priority straight in this country. No, we never will. We never will. Jimmy D. We never will.
Because all we care about is celebrities and athletes and famous people. It's all we care about. Take care and sorry for the less than upload in comments. No, I think it was a very appropriate appropriate.
PS if George thinks watchman was long the DVD will have an extra hour. I watched the animated comic on DVD and although I love the story, it was over five and a half hours long.
Wow. Five and a half hours long. That's longer than once upon a time in America. Yeah. The best part is that the voices are all done by the same guy.
So whenever a female of minority is speaking, it's downright hilarious. And Dr. Manhattan gives the term blue balls a whole new meaning. Why haven't he liked it?
A lot of people said, yeah, well, Jimmy D, you know, I wonder how you could afford to go out there and buy the DVD when people are starving. Maybe he stole it.
Like he's wearing a mink stole while all those people are living on the sidewalk. I don't know what to do about it. I think he had a good.
A thousand seven votes on the pool. You forgot to remind me. Change the pool. Oh, yeah, hey, change the pool. Change the pool. Let me print that one out.
Pull switch. We got another one up there right ago. Oh, this is ties right in with Jimmy D's email. Right now, my employment status is his have a job and dissatisfied with it. Have a job. Happy with it. Thank you.
This is Charlie B Charlie B is back with polls, but no happy anniversary, by the way. Have a job and had to take a pay cut. I guess that's me. Okay. Have a job. Gotta pay raise. Well, that's George. You got to pay raise before we got a pay cut.
Psych no job but looking looking no job and have given up looking. No job, but my significant other is supporting me. No job living with my parents. No job living off my unemployment. Those are the choices there.
As when this deep, deep, dank depression. The Neocon depression. Let's pour a whole lot more money into a rack. That's what I say. Sure. That'll fix everything. Big O at two. My dog at chula is at four.
Dolphin the night at seven when all the radios in town go elsewhere and DA to 11 poor DA. You say is a good guy. I feel bad for him. We took. I feel so sorry for DA. Here's the final tally on that other turd burger poll. It was okay. If I wasn't charged at WQM for one hour, I would fire Joyce 175 higher Randy Rhodes 136. She's off the air. Let me put it to this way. I have no idea what the real story is.
There were that Nova Amon at whole deal and but she tends to be at least this is my my take her own worst enemy. Can I mean by that? Yeah.
But what what do I know? Put Neil on for eight hours a day. 131 crazy people said that fixed the damn signal 114. We hire Hank Goldberg 110. They hopper. You're thumper. Changed to an on sports talk for him at 82.
You have George's own show 75 higher sets Coleman 71 said everybody home in Padlock the door 41 fired Joe Bell 34 fire the big. Oh, 19 changed to all music for Madelive and a give her those Dolphin games eight out of a thousand seven vote.
Oh, Neil. This is pretty quick. Whenever I shave my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour.
This is the amazing girl, but George, I do not appreciate it. I feel you. Yes, I'll go with Jeff. Call the pizza.
I want to go on my health and get permission from Neil to call his show that day. And you hung up on me. If you think you and your management are going to get away with our panic.
You have a lot of comments. You thought that I was stubborn. Yes, you know, it's not right when you have that little joy there. And he doesn't talk and he doesn't call the sports white show. And he's not going to get away with that panic.
Oh, here we are. You're banned, Gilbert. That was up to 110 points. I just decided he's banned George George told me ban Gilbert. That's what yeah. And yeah. And even though you said that he could call, I keep hanging up on it. Right. And I've locked his email.
And ban stormy white or right or two storm. Hey storm. Hey storm. I'm sorry. I just if it just it. It just. Yeah.
It it rubs me the wrong way. Listen, you're really going to like it when they give him his own show. Like sandpaper on my. Yeah, well, I wouldn't be surprised if he shows up two to four. A stormy.
It's going to be called storm chat. All right.
Talk about it for a little. George, even though we hated that movie, Washington, we're not getting a lot of response on that. Not emails and what could have been good. But that's, you know, the same can be said about a lot of.
I'm sure there must be somebody out there who liked it a lot besides Jimmy. A lot of people like it a lot. Oh man, you didn't like that movie. But what about this? What about the that?
Just long story. A few moments of entertainment and a bit way too few. Now wait a minute. What does that say on the schedule tomorrow?
A possible hurricane hotline? What does that mean? The high school show. A high school show that might be a carryover. I don't know what that means. There's no time for it for when.
Wednesday possible hurricane hotline. I don't know what that means. I'm sure someone will know. I'm sure the audience is on the edge of their seats. You know, with their creole is out.
Check into schedule. We probably got just like people to keep score at ball games. Right when I was a kid, I used to keep score at the ball baseball games. I listened to him on a radio and I had my score book and stupid. You know, your kid.
Well, but adults hurricane hotline. You got to be kidding me. In Thursday 11 30 in the morning, we got hurricane warm up. Followed noon by you. I'm in Virginia Tech, the ACC attorney. And if by some stretch of the imagination, the Kings win that game, we do the same thing again on Friday.
If you win. Oh, Thursday and Friday, hour and a half shows. Wait a minute. Let me ask you this question. What?
Now Thursday, we can move around and we already decided we'll do the neildial at 11 o'clock instead of noon. Yes. Friday. We've got the puke a pony contest. Oh, you're right. And we can't move the second race of Gulf Stream or any other race because it's a 144 p.m. Post threat. It is now post time. The great Freddie, Kampicella at highly a park. It is now post time. That's all he went up in the morning. You used to say.
It's now post time. That's what they and his on his deathbed. His last words were. I'm dying over here. Or it is now post time. Something like that. So what are we going to do about that? Huh? Clarence?
Hopefully. Do they race on any other days? Kind of a question is that stupid one obviously, but you know.
To what I'm here for. For example, tomorrow. Yeah. That maybe they raised tomorrow. I would assume so. So I don't possibly move up for tomorrow or you could pick the pony for Friday. Then we just can't carry it, which sounds stupid. I like the idea of moving it to tomorrow better.
For you, you are just an Ojyan provocateur. Yeah, we're sort of here for. That's what the fake Larry came told me. Uh huh.
Long time ago. Sure. And I had to verify. I said, what do you think about your, or he said he's an Ojyan provocateur. Sure. Think fatherly. I wonder if he's dead. I think he is. Did we just that? I don't know.
Who the hell was he? I'm trying to remember who he was. It was obviously a radio guy with a voice like that, but I don't remember who the hell he was. Dick fatherly.
I remember Dick motherly. You don't remember who you're probably googling a good one. Sure. I don't think you'll find it. I'm finding a whole lot either. No.
Oh, you can really tell your obscure when you Google and you find nothing like Joey Car. Remember that. And then Humper called into say he died a year ago. Right. Humper did not give us that two horse from Nikosito on Friday, but nevertheless, well, forgive him.
You're forgiven, Humper. All those for give him. Please come home. Please. Really amazing. Mandage was so great. Two to four and Hank was rock solid. Four to seven. But oh, no, we don't want to pay him that money.
How about a 50% pay? How about a two thirds pay cut? How about a half a hundred percent pay cut?
Because Joe Bell hated him like poison. He hates me too, but he pretends he doesn't. Hate me like poison. Probably the beast says Hurricane hotline might move to Wednesday night because UM has an event Thursday night. Oh, who cares. They're so busy. They're like Paco. They're busy.
He's busy now. You know, he's busy doing sleeping. Good guess. Well, you're you're two for two today. Wow. Between that and Mr. Radio, whatever the other one was. I don't know. I get lucky. Oh, no, you came up with red lobster. That's right. I get more grief. I shouldn't even admit that we ate there. You know, but it was good.
I have no problem with red lobster here. I'm not saying that they have all that diverse of a menu. Okay. It's not like a thing. What?
Like someone would accuse you of lying on behalf of red lobster like what? No, I always hated red lobster. I despised it.
Based on my experiences in South Florida, but nevertheless, I mean, you'll admit a lot of embarrassing things like poop in your pants and liking red lobsters. You know, that's you. That's correct. You'll admit things that other people would not like sitting in front of a slot machine for hours. You know, day after day after day.
I thought that there's anything wrong with that. He's handling away all my money. Oh, we got seven minutes to post time at the middles. Oh, all right. Roger Houston. Your favorite at the middles.
And they swing around the durn. He won't say turn. He'll say, Durn. I remember who's during in Laura Durn. I don't know what the Durn is. You know the Durn? No.
He's swing around the durn. Oh, he's. I don't know. The human race is a full of stuff. Full of Schmidt. There's some good people. There's some bad people. There's some competent people. There's some totally incompetent people. Well, I found Jack Schmidt on Dick fatherly. Yeah. Oh, Jack Schmidt's on Dick fatherly. What are they doing? I didn't know he was going to switch it up in a minute. I understand. You ever see Jack Schmidt on Dick fatherly? Just this morning. I hope he washed it off.
Neil and Georgia woke up today says Paul missed the first hour of the show. What did I miss? Will it be on the archives? Yeah, it'll be on the archives. There's the game. The one I'm very tired. Who cares? Tell the lady was all sad about the homeless. It's not the lady. It's Paul Jimmy Dorsky.
All sad about the homeless nearly. It's always been that way since the early 80s. If you give him a dollar to try to find some crack or some Cisco crack juice or the malt liquor. It's no use. People like this have no drive. No soul.
You have no rock. Monis. Ross to Paul. Speaking of soul, George. I know you in Neil. Know your music. Sirs. But wonder if you ever heard the song 96 degrees in the shade by the third world. No. If not, please give it. Listen. It's amazing. You guys will love it.
The show rocks. We love it here at the long glass factory says Ross to Paul.
Ross to the almost radio. Here we go. I stand corrected. I knew he'd come back just another excuse to write another stupid ass email. Now the stuff has come pouring in here.
Well, the fake ed till is even on here today. Wow. Have an heard from that one. Since you're having problems with your sidekick. If you ever thought of bringing guest side kicks in, I'd love the chance. Ed. No, Ed.
But try to insinuate your way into the show like he did it. W. S. News. Oh, I got this tape from this guy named Ed till. Oh. It was so sad.
And then he went up at KDK in Pittsburgh or somewhere in Pittsburgh, like in a real market on the year. And I thought, how is that possible?
He was the worst talk show host. He made the chic sound like Walter Cronkryte. That's how he was until there's a shot. I'm smelling.
So Mr. Radio says I stand corrected. The bird had worked at glove 94 previously, but I 95 was the W. I. C. FM station. Don Cox in afternoons. That's what I just said.
And he's asking me, do you remember this? Do you remember that? You remember like, do you remember your life? Do I remember my life because Mr. Radio knows it better than I do?
I thought the bird was working in the news department of W. I. C. Didn't you read the news on daffy show? No, I don't think so. I don't think anything to do with daffy show. Daffy show, by the way, was unlike from, I don't know, six to eight or some crap like that.
Correct me if I'm wrong. Yeah, you're wrong again. How do you remember it? Is this pathetic or what? Yeah.
Way beyond pathetic. You and the bird had great honor chemistry. He got your sense of humor in his life was infectious. Didn't he already say this in the previous email?
He did. I used to love the 94 news W. I. C. Jingle from the T. Lady. I have no idea what that means. I've always been a chronic listener, but it never been a chronic misfit wrong wrong about that chronic misfit.
George is wrong about that. It's a crying shame that none of your old shows were archived. Word all the shows recorded from real to real. What happened to all your old carts? Does George not have the time or energy to digitize these?
Oh, yeah. Oh my god. Don't you have the time or energy to digitize all that crap? By the way, if Mr. Radio Wonson, he can have your entire first year on W. I. O. D. on cassette tapes. Just come right into the studio and get him. Really? Really? What the bird? Oh, did you hear that? What was that? That was me getting shocked by the microphone. Wow. I just got my mind. It didn't shock me in the mic. It's very dry down here. Everybody's getting zapped. Oh,
boy, bad for your skin. Dry winter here too. My skin is like I'll dry it out. You know, peels like, oh, like probably even leave him out in the lobby for him if he wants. They're all in boxes. Well, that's great. There's the voice. Roger Houston.
The horses. Number one is a rich cowboy. Glenda Collins and William Lance. Dean Collins trains and drives the one rich cowboy. Number two gold chills. All approved enterprises.
Vogue or a tongue full on a gem on a junior drain, Breton or the two cold chills. Number three. I throw her sheet. So be a bird. Fredry.
3D. Pull on the three. I throw her. She. Highway number four. It's all halo.
The. Brickett of Wayne'sville Ohio. Steve Owens train. Dick's telling support. It's all halo. Hello. Number five. Hello, everybody. Hello. Remember Halo shampoo before your time. No.
It's really amazing how many though. I guess it's what happens when you become an old fart. Remember all those old time commercials, especially in the early days of TV,
because TV was a novelty back then as opposed to the day when we all take it for granted. I bet you that most people can't can't envision can't even imagine life without television. I went for a while. You did when I was a Christian living with my sister. We didn't have. Oh, no, that's right. You were a Christian. That's right. No TV. Why is that the devil? The devil enters your house through the television among other things, but certainly through the television. Let me do the break. Before the devil enters your house. Yeah.
Yes, before the devil enters my back, though, kingdom. Roger Scott is just these guys, Nick and suds and whatever the heck it is. And the people I call in, they're just like them like that. They were on the year. What a court. The week in their high and there. I mean, it's terrible. The years that I've been looked at, listen, up to six, 10 and this here. And this here. The rich Tom cat. Three quarters. One, twenty five. And.
Two max. I twenty nine on the front. Majestic Jack pot has opened up cold.
Just a little bit of a spot. Roger. He's outside.
It's true. Hershey. They've gone.
Go down the ground. Come. Majestic.
He's got. He's on the outside backing.
So Hershey on the inside, all American. To the wire.
Majestic Jackpot.
Astro Hershey back to be second. Gold chills. Third. One, fifty, four and three.
Oh, come on, Roger. Give us the three fans. Come on. Give us one of those. He won't do it. Faster.
Oh, wait a year. This finally escaped. It says Neil, you don't know me, but I know so much about you from letters. My brother would send me. I just want to thank you. You see, I'm teeny, tiny twin.
We were separated at birth. I got the good life when we sent to a Joe Bell. He would torture me daily and keep me in a damp little cage that smelled like armpit mold and used boxers.
Knowing my brother was alive kept me smiling inside. Thank you. Neil got to go. I hear someone waddling in the house later.
Is that amusing or what? Not not. Not even not even. Huh? Did you get a copy of a dick to follow these? Dick. Not even a teeny tiny little bit. Somebody something is resume.
And has he did her life? I'm going to forward it to you. I don't know. They didn't send to me. They're all their credit. They didn't send nothing to me about the father. He read you. Read it. Read it.
It was wrong with him. Antisemitic bastards. Oh, for the pool. Somebody says I have more than one job. You want to add that on there? I will write that Mike and Hollywood's got three jobs. I feel bad for people.
I have to work like morning noon and I just a e-code loving to scratch it out. When in doubt scratch it out, I feel bad.
But I can't support the whole world. You know, I'm doing the best I can. I support a lot of people. A lot of people riding on my back.
And not what you think of either. Paul says in regard to watchman, I enjoyed the movie thoroughly. It did move a bit slow. I would have enjoyed more action scenes.
But I've heard that this is because the director stayed very true to the graphic novel. The special effects for Dr. Manhattan were awesome.
He was completely computer generated except for the head, I believe, but you couldn't tell. Overall a very engaging film with matrix worthy action sequences.
Bit of a bummer at the ending, however, says Paul. Was it a bummer at the end? Yeah. Were you delighted that it was finally over?
No, were you forging me that thing about Dick motherly? I thought it did. Well, sure as I can't income through area yet.
Let me do a cent and receive. Ah, there we go. Give me no. You know something.
Number one, I don't want you to give anything to Mr. Radio. That's not a suggestion. That's a demand and order from somebody who never gives demands orders.
OK, that is an order. OK. I'm blocking the son of a bitch and I'm just so I'm just so this is a guy who wants to take over the whole damn show and my life.
Yeah, but he just invited me to join Twitter. Yeah, he invited me the same thing. That it was about three times I got those Mr. Radio wants to keep up with you on Twitter.
Yeah, well, Twitter this you tweet. He's perfect. He's the poster child for Twitter because he's a twit and it's a knit.
Tweet God. Here's the latest. This is his 500th entry today. I believe you may. We can use it. We don't have much today.
I sincerely appreciate the offer from George. That is a great key. Thank you, George. I will take the time to go to digitize some of the laws drops. If you like, I can email these to you.
I am currently out of town doing shows. Well, would love to stop by sometime next week doing shows. You have brought a lot of laughter and enjoyable compelling radio to us.
The Saudi voice brings the light to our lives. Thank you for that. Goodbye, Mr. Radio. Block. Sorry. One minute. One moment. Oh, and if you think that's bad. Oh, you
ain't heard nothing yet. I need a here is one of the all time worst and you'll never guess who it's from. It wasn't bad enough that PR Ralph yesterday.
Today, some of the said stupid thing about the basketball game Fred Souter. Does what I want you to hold on to both sides of your cheer. Okay. I can't believe you have to let someone from Gator territory tell you this, but the
canes are playing in the ACC basketball tournament on Thursday. If they win, they advance to play again Friday. If not, they're done. I don't know what their chances are making the NCAA tournament, but I'm sure that will at least make the NIT. So you should have some more possible game interruptions during your show.
Well, he's out of town. Maybe you can't listen.
Mary says you've to listen to you on the internet until the day. I just got talked to about the company policy that no one's allowed to stream audio. So I broke out my
radio and it sounds terrible. It's a boom box. So I don't have something from an antenna. Do you know any tricks that could use to make the signal better? Yeah, an H bomb would be good. Do I know of any tricks he could use to make the signal better? How about that magic one? You got this. I was going to suggest you know, he can stand outside with his radio naked and put his tongue on the antenna.
Dick fatherly does it say that it alive? I didn't. Says now he's a freelance writer, production consultant voiceover, announcer, yadi, adi, adi. Of course, it doesn't say what the data is on this information.
WSTC staff for Connecticut, WNHC, New Haven, Connecticut, WABC, New York, 1961, WICC, Bridgeport, Connecticut, WDE, New Haven, KXOK in St. Louis, Kansas City, WFU went in Miami, 1972, KTOP, Topeka, WNN in Miami. Oh, my God. That's Mr. Ringo. WDOT, WNHC, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven,
New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven...
New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New Haven, New is new! The logo has changed, and you can now see the shade.
I had it in yesterday which I really take.
Except the shot.
It was just the only deep voice exam.
It was the same in the fact.
Uh-huh.
I mean, what else were you going to have in the dressing?
As an example.
For a deep voice.
Yeah.
Whisper fan worries.
Well, we have Johnny Dark as a matter of fact.
I just got to saying that.
No, I mean, what kind of a drop do we have?
You must have it.
With what deep voice?
Johnny's reply.
You can't play the whole thing.
I can play part of it.
Right.
Just very sampling.
You don't have it?
I don't.
It got any raced.
Wow.
Remember we had that.
It's not in here.
Johnny's reply.
And it's not in here.
Yeah.
Vanished.
He probably came in one day and raced it.
Probably sneaked in.
Dick Frodley.
So I'm assuming he's still alive.
I reckon.
I don't remember how we.
How do we have any interaction with him?
That was before my time.
I wasn't.
That drop was there when I showed up.
Oh my god.
Ed Till.
No, Frank, Frank with a comment about Ed Till who confirms everything I said.
Let me print that out.
No, Mr. Rader, don't give him any tapes.
Don't get involved with him.
Don't encourage him.
Done.
Do not.
Done deal.
Neal.
Adam Oshmuck, who obviously has way too much time out his hands and always has and said
earlier that it was like raining golf balls and kitchen water.
Lewis, if anybody cares.
I'm worried this email thing might kill you.
You sound like you're about to smack a bitch.
Maybe you should maybe you should take it easy for a bit and go back to reading bedtime
stories.
I don't want you dying on here.
Don't worry about me, Adam.
Oshmuck.
I'm doing just fine.
These people are crazier than usual today.
Is that just me or it doesn't especially crazy day.
I don't know what.
Is it really?
I think it's the time changes.
I think that might be it.
Everybody's talking about their all.
Yeah.
And I slept way too long on Sunday or no.
Yeah, for a Sunday night I went and laid down.
I thought I was just going to take a nap at 8 o'clock at night and I slept late in the
morning.
Right.
12 hours.
And messes up your head.
We were just talking about the family and friends.
How it messes up your whole biological clock, your internal organs, everything just goes
off.
Well, let me worry about my internal organ.
Oh, please.
Is that all?
Tony, after noon, I think it must be internal.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Man, have your attention, please.
Have your attention, please.
Will the real great great eat please stand out?
I ain't getting a real great great.
Please stand up.
We're going to have to find here.
You're like it like you've never seen a white dwarf before.
It's all the same floor with a three.
Just a separated by a bathroom floor and a bathroom with tile floor and so bought at
the store.
Sleeping in a bunk bed, sitting on bunk heads.
Hey, stupid, something inert.
Oh, great.
You didn't just say the end word.
Of course I did.
Did he?
He just a kid.
Little Peter Durage.
He hit the high notes for the song I changed.
Great great.
You all sick of me?
You all sick with me?
Would you rather have a portrait family?
Danny with his red hair?
Danny, you?
Here's a little secret.
The kid don't play as good tides.
You.
I also like to take a key, but in a certain way.
Sometimes I want to jump, march, and just go, but I can't.
But she's my sister and I'm a bro.
So what?
This family is sick.
This family is sick.
No kidding me, I'm people with this.
Something that you meant.
My dad designs a house with three adults and six kids.
We're the only one bathroom for all of us.
And for Alex, only has a long room and wish a living.
Right next to the kitchen.
But I guess I'm only bitching because my dad was in an engine.
Little Cindy with a lift.
Making my eyes hard shaking and twitching.
Why can't you just stop saying march, march, and march, and march, like a vixen?
And bother to get to the dentist so his teeth could be fixed.
I'm about to fall for a hard and hit marches, no.
I'm so mad, I'm letting go, I got a bravo.
Something great, great, yes, I'm the real braiding.
So the other braiding's a juxtapon.
So what?
The real braiding, great, great.
Hey, stand up.
Please stand up.
Please stand up.
Yes, I'm great, great, yes, I'm the real braiding.
So the other braiding's a juxtapon.
So what will you be, Chase?
Hey, Clayton.
Please stand up.
Clear blue sky.
One, 58 on four.
No plain bull in the his house.
That's for Bobby Jindall, OK?
Bobby, Bobby, Bobby.
That's pretty embarrassing, isn't it?
It was cute.
What was cute?
The bit.
Not him.
Bobby Jindall, yeah, he's cute.
If you think Dracula was cute, attractive.
Frank says, I heard you mentioned it till a couple of times.
Now, I just wanted to confirm that everything you said about him
is absolutely correct.
Absolutely correct.
Chase listened to him when he was on in Orlando,
not because he was good, but because he was in between the monsters of the morning,
now mid days, and the Philips file.
Although Jim Phillips is still on the year, you got to be kidding me.
I don't know.
Both very good shows.
But what always amused to me about the Antilles show was that he would choose a current
topical issue, spend his first hour presenting his opinion, then the first 10 callers would counter his opinion
with better arguments, leaving him trying to explain his nonsensical opinion.
He was retarded as far as issues were concerned.
He wouldn't last eight seconds if he ever called your show, even if George was hosting.
Even if you were hosting, you would last a second.
Well, that's saying a lot, because you're a hell of a lot more tolerant than I am.
I thought it was a hard ass shit.
Cut him right off.
What?
I thought it was a hard ass.
Well, that too.
They're going to the gate of Tampa Bay down.
So you got me into this horse racing thing today.
Now, has anybody come in and discussed that?
I mean, it could be a mood point if the Keynes lose on Thursday.
Right.
And there's no game on Friday.
I think I'm going to have to go out and find someone and discuss it with them.
But what do you like?
I like the acting PD, but the choice will ultimately yours.
So what do you say about that?
I do.
I do.
Well, there are many outlets throughout the United States and on across Canada taking the Tampa Bay down, signal the staff for now.
All the ships that say the weather is clear and sunny, track condition, faster, of course, firm, the portable rail.
The microphone will rubber squeeze off.
The six carryover in excess.
All one is a thousand.
That starts with the fifth.
The odds unfavorable.
Will you wait five for the location?
Stop in San Bernard number six.
Cop with three paid growth.
Cut out, junior as the call.
I just want to hear this start.
And they're off.
I just this guy just sends me right to the window.
Not the bedding windows.
Oh, waiting for Dale's token and from the outside.
We sure are.
Class and luck.
For the forty five million time, let me say it again.
This is the part about throw up a racing that just leaves me limp.
Get him in there already.
Stick him in there.
My God.
These horses have run fifty thousand races.
Okay, wouldn't you think I mean horses?
I know are extremely dumb animals.
Extremely dumb.
Class and luck steps in.
Yes, step in there.
Wrap the post.
And.
And.
And.
They're off.
Okay, that's all I want to hear.
And that was a good one too.
That was an exceptionally good and they're off.
So the choice is yours.
Yes, now what are you ababbling about?
Either we do it tomorrow.
I don't want to do it tonight.
I ask these people if we can.
Or you just pick the pony for Friday, but we don't carry the race.
Obviously, we're not.
Well, that wouldn't be very exciting.
How about if we had a boring you at basketball game if they play on Friday and carry the race.
If you have another option.
You know, I don't know.
We can entertain it.
You want to skip this week?
But let's play it by ear.
Okay, Steve can.
He can email me this stuff.
The information tomorrow.
Okay.
And then I'll.
And of course, once the basketball game is over on Thursday, I'll know whether we're going to be doing the thing on Friday or now.
Well, skip a week.
That's all.
We'll push it back.
Okay.
Can we do that?
I guess.
I mean, I don't know.
This is Steve Sloan's account.
And Flea of course has got his nose in it with all the way up to your ass.
So I have no idea what if there's anybody in the building, I'll go find them during the break.
If there's anybody in the building at 1238 in the PM in the middle of lunch hours.
So I said lunch hours.
Yes.
You've got to be shmitting me.
The cows have 3008 points.
Wow.
Oh, happy day.
This is the beginning of the Obama balance.
You believe me?
It has made that up to make Maria happy.
Hey, Maria.
Cocks a hoist, Maria.
You nasty skank.
Oh, you look so lovely today, Maria.
Oh, my God.
What kind of a retard would say something like that?
Death, dumb, blind, stupid.
Well, let's see.
Here is somebody who says he has three suggestions for the poll.
I'm self-employed just barely hanging on.
That's me.
I'm self-employed doing great.
I'm with self-employed medicals my business.
You want to put those on air or not?
How about now, self-employed?
What?
Well, we don't have that.
Right.
I'm self-employed just barely hanging on.
That's me. He says.
I'm self-employed doing great.
I was self-employed medicals my business.
Those are three different markets of 309.
Those are three different choices, okay?
I don't know.
What do you want to put them on?
No, I just wanted to put one on there.
What? I'm self-employed.
What kind of an answer is that?
Well, if your business has failed, then you're not self-employed.
Oh, I see.
If you're out of business.
Right.
There's Stephen Harper, a real Bozo.
I also know that Canada has Bob mentioned.
Oh, my God.
This man is still walking around and breathing the fresh air.
This is an abortion.
George Bush, Jr.
George W. Jr.
How can oil be 47 bucks a barrel now?
It was 34, what, like five minutes ago?
Yeah.
Not that they're yanking us around.
Well, they're cutting production.
Those are ragheads.
They're squeezing.
They're squeezing again.
Oh, they loonies 78.02.
That's not too bad.
Just stop it right there.
Freeze it right there.
I'll settle for that.
78 cent.
Wouldn't you like to get a dollar $22 for every dollar you got?
That would give you like about 10 bucks.
Yeah.
So what's the story with your car?
I hate to keep asking you this every day.
But I'm figuring maybe somebody will hear it and will embarrass them into.
Oh, it would be the first thing out of my mouth in the morning if anything ever did happen.
Now, how do you know that they're not even discussing it?
Well, because not all of the sales staff hates us.
You, you, or the show.
So we get some outside spy reports just like the spy reports about the fact that this show I never got mentioned.
For like two years when Chris Jones came there periodically.
You know, there are sales people in here talking and other people that are around sales meetings.
And we talk and I ask, hey, is anything ever in the answer is they say no chance.
They don't even mention you guys name.
Actually, there's a lot of laughter.
Yeah.
It's a joke that doesn't get old.
Boy.
I think maybe the maybe Mr. Radio, if he wants those tapes, we ought to have like a trade deal.
He ought to bring you a new car.
And then you can digitize those tapes.
That's right.
Maybe you'll bring it and stick it.
This is I with his news.
It now appears that Senator Larry Craig may not go quietly after all a half hour before announcing his intent.
He left this message, apparently meant for his lawyer, at the wrong number.
Billy, this is Larry Craig calling.
I am gay.
I seek activity and bathrooms.
I lower my pan, the spread my legs.
I hope Idahoans will allow me to continue serving gay people at the Minneapolis airport.
Thank you.
Bye.
I know.
I know.
About 46, 14 to 15, 60 W.D. Q.A.
The fake Johnny Dark, who is Mr. Radio.
I was right about that after all this time I finally included.
He was the fake Joey Reynolds, fake Larry King, fake everybody's Mr. Radio.
I've not let I blocked him under Mr. Radio.
He immediately goes to his fake Johnny Dark email address.
You just proved the point.
Mr. Radio was negative yesterday and you have a giving attention.
Send a positive email about Clinton.
Then you ban him.
You are a heartless bastard.
Should we call you Sal, you son of a bitch?
What?
I don't know.
Should we call you Sal, you son of a bitch?
Who's Sal?
Sal Minio?
Okay.
Sal Ami.
Gay.
Sal Ami.
Now wait a minute.
Do we have our own rows?
I think so.
Uh, Pettie Roni.
We got P.P. Roni.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Uh, this is a toolbar.
We got coal cuts.
We got coal cuts.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I'm looking for my friend who's supposed to be their cuts.
His name is cuts K.E.T.Z.
What's your name?
His last name is K.E.T.Z.
Cutts.
It's pronounced cuts.
Uh, anybody that has cuts?
K.E.T.Z. Cutts.
It's a story that you all saw on the bus here.
I think it's because you're all a while ago.
You was near.
No, the movie is a phenomenon.
I suppose it is coal.
C-O-L-E.
Coal cuts.
This is my name is Coal.
Coal cuts.
Coal cuts.
Coal cuts.
Coal cuts.
You know who used to play those all the time?
Yeah.
Huh.
That's before she became a political maven.
Maven.
Carrens' made the power of Christ's compel you.
Greg wants to know if the Moses was the first bastard in the basket.
Have a great day.
I haven't gotten to Randy Molaria, but I think that was a good time as any to get into this article by Linda Robertson.
Linda, you are just a silly person.
Randy Molaria isn't channeling the monstinies or William Jennings' bride during his radio broadcast of Panther Games.
More like John Belushi, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Clint Eastwood or Queen.
When the Pantheon score, Molaria blurt's out, wacky pop culture references, lines from movies, lyrics from songs, even jingles.
The more ridiculous and irrelevant the better.
Whip it good, whip it good.
She blinded me with science.
Pour some sugar on me.
Come with me if you want to live.
His goal calls have created a sensation.
He's a hit on you.
Tube.
He's got a cult following on college campuses.
Oh, I'm sure.
And he receives hundreds of suggestions today from fans, including two crazy guys in the Czech Republic and two old ladies from Hollywood, California, Molaria said.
I never dreamed it would take off like this.
He said, my philosophy is it's a hockey game, not a funeral.
So let's have fun and be entertaining.
Molaria and the Panthers seem to be feeding off each other as the team makes an energetic push for its first playoff appearance since 2000.
There are 16 games left and the Panthers are one point out of fifth place in the Eastern Conference.
While the Panthers go against Sydney Crosby, Molaria and the opposing booth is Mike Lang, famous for his own twisted phrases.
Scratch my back with a hacksaw, Molaria said mimicking Lang in his commanding rasp.
Ripping off Mike.
Scratch my back with a hacksaw.
After years of disarray, first it was Pavelle Brewery's team member, Bertolouon, goes, then Oli Jokin and the Panthers are finally developing an identity, just as Molaria said upon a signature delivery.
It's not the most talented team, but a blue collar team that plays in your face hockey, he said.
One reason Molaria's stick has been successful is his effort to get fans involved.
He teamed up with Dan LaBastery, a Reverend host on 790 AM, the ticket to promote the concept and solicit ideas from listeners.
Panther fans had bombarded Molaria with their favorite lines. He took a one-inch stack of printouts to Pittsburgh.
If the surging Panthers keep scoring, expect more goofy calls. This wouldn't work if the team was 17 and 45, he said.
And traditionalists don't like his flights of fancy, but we have a different fan base here, he said. We've got a complicated cluttered market.
Molaria is the first of many who doesn't aspire to golden-throated oratory, he's describing the most frenetic of all the major sports.
I'm exhausted after a game, Molaria said, I'm a puddle. You've got that part right.
Molaria 45 is the only former NHL pro, 13 years one with the Panthers to make the transition from player to full-time play by play and answer.
He was a tunic colorful language by growing up in Red Deer, Alberta and oil and farming town.
As clown. It's a one-horse town and the horse only has three legs, Molaria said.
Molaria's mother was a nurse and his late father was a world-mounted Canadian police officer.
Molaria's long-time goal call, and this is where Linda Robertson again, shows her absolute ignorance.
And he sticks it top shelf right where Mrs. Molaria keeps the peanut butter, came from his mother's habit of hiding the jar of vendor voice from eating all the contents.
Wrong, it came from Rick Generett, which is where Molaria stole it from when he played in Buffalo.
Stealing other people's lines, oh it is so sad, so bad, so bush-league and Linda Robertson writes a glowing, blowing, flowing article about it in the herald.
It's almost as bad as Bauwapikow kick.
My father didn't say why don't you run outside and play, he said why don't you run outside and get this stink blown off you?
Molaria said.
My uncle Gordius to say that's like frying bacon with your shirt off.
On Saturday nights during Hockey Not in Canada, Molaria turned down the sound on the TV and provided his own commentary imitating Bob Cole, Danny Callivan, and Dick Irvin.
Even then, Randy had all the little things downpats at Molaria's brother Mike, we had a radio in our bedroom he would pretend to announce the junior games.
As a player, Molaria sat on the bus doing impersonations of Lang, Rick Generett of Buffalo, and Marv Albertudid Ranger's broadcast.
What Wayne Gretzky once said fits me to a tee, everything I have is because of the game, Molaria said.
And now he struck a nerve or funny bone with hardcore fans and those who would never pay attention to the Panthers.
Back in Red Deer, Mike said the popularity of Molaria's broadcast on the internet was grown like wildfire.
Molaria loves slap-shot animal house James Bond, Ron Howard, classic rock van Morrison, and Johnny Cash.
He has a line in mind to the Panthers making it to that magical moment.
I'd love to have the perfect call in Game 7 of the Santa Cump finals.
Molaria said while gazing at a photo of Bobby Orr, wouldn't it be something if Nathan Horton stayed out of the corner,
took the puck, tucked it in and blanked, and then Molaria smiles and goes silent.
And...
And...
And...
And to Robertson, you are the anti-Christ, Tony.
You are an idiot.
An embarrassment.
See, this is a market that can take something that's embarrassing and degrading and bush-league and make it into like,
oh my god, this is the greatest things in the sliced jalapeno.
Happy Purim, by the way.
Did you get your omitation? No.
No. See how we fall in? I know.
Back in the day when we were popular, when people liked us, when we had an audience,
they would have sent in some crap.
In fact, what's his name?
And Dave Halberstam would have sent you some omitation.
Probably there were those little triangular ones, but nevertheless.
Right?
Nobody sent you nothing on Purim.
George, who's an aspiring Jew.
Entrant.
And aspiring to be a Yiddish cuddling wist.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Off to Laskas.
I love it.
I'm embarrassed that I read that article, and that's how, that's how it humiliated and degraded,
and the business about where Mrs. Schmendrich hides the peanut butter.
That's an old rich generate line from 100 years ago, they still use it.
Scratch my back with a hacksaw indeed.
This is like the Paul Castronova of sports casting.
Stealing other people's lines shamelessly and then making a stick about it.
Like it's acceptable.
People invent their own material.
People are creative.
People are real broadcasters which leads him out.
People are real broadcasters.
They make up their own stuff.
You know what I mean?
Uh huh.
Even George knows that even Mr. Anti-Sports knows that.
And holy mackerel.
I wonder what he's going to start saying that.
And an even a no.
Go ahead.
I even knew that uh, Bowel Peeb, Cal Kick thing.
And I can't say that right either.
Bowel Peec Cal Kick.
Oh my God.
Rachel Alexander.
And this is all in the herald.
All in the herald which is down to about four pages now.
Maybe it's a good thing that newspapers are going out of business.
You know what?
Yeah.
I don't mean we compete with them for advertising revenue.
One good thing I will say about newspapers.
Used to be your ads will get lost you know in like 600 pages of the newspaper with all those different sections.
Now if you advertise in the newspaper your ads stands out because there's only like four pages.
Like the scum Sentinel.
Might as well joke about it because otherwise we get really depressed like Jimmy Dorsky about all the homeless people on the street corners.
Now depressing it is what are we going to do about it in the audio?
Any any?
Whatever he paid for that DVD of that awful movie.
I think he should have given that to some homeless guy.
To buy a bottle of booze or some crack or something like that.
And probably there are people wondering well, New York, do you give money to all those homeless people?
I don't give money to anybody on the street corner.
I think you got a good idea though.
Go up to a homeless person and then hand them some change and go change mister.
Have a nice day.
There's one I don't want to go into with there.
There's some of these people who have got like a franchise.
They own the street corner that they're every day air all day every day.
Rain, sleet, snow, sunshine.
And they sit on crates.
Yeah, all day.
It's not so great to sit on a crate because then your ass don't feel so good.
You like that? That was a Randy motor line.
That's a great idea. Sorry Randy.
One to two hours.
Hey, breathing.
Come on. One more push and we're done.
Heading congrats. It's a beautiful healthy baby.
Mister Brown, why don't you help me out by giving your baby a quick slap on the behind?
Whoa, whoa, whoa. That's too much.
That's too much, Chris.
101 at 560 WQA. I'm happy Tuesday to you.
We got the Keynes basketball on Thursday.
That's the talk of the town.
That's what everybody's buzzing around at the water cooler, aren't they?
Yeah.
That in that horrible movie that you hated.
What's the name of it again?
I don't know.
The cartoon movie.
Oh, the watchman.
That cartoon movie.
Watch me. What do you mean?
You don't know.
The dials up 283.
It's lost a little bit of it's, you know, it's still hanging in there.
Pretty good though.
When you think I don't think maybe it's a selling opportunity.
I wonder how serious is doing the midst of all this mirror mint and revelry.
Sirius stock.
Click on that baby.
Click on that thing on that line.
And here we go.
It's 15 set.
Wow.
Open at 15.
It's holding its own 15 set.
Sounds like a real selling opportunity if there was one.
If you got serious, dump it.
15 set before it goes down to a penny.
Here's one from Steve who says long time listener for your poll.
I have a little suggestion.
If you don't mind, no, we don't mind.
See, I'm self employed, but I've slowed down a lot enough that the wife is
supporting me.
So how about self employed and not working self employed and living off spouse?
Just a thought for your show.
Loving you.
Love you in George's too.
It's a Steve.
You want to put that on there?
Self employed and not working or self employed living off the spouse or or not?
Up to you.
We just put living off of spouse.
Is that not on there by itself?
Is it?
No job of my significant other is supporting me.
This is not whatever.
It gets too complicated.
Yeah, it's so many different variations on the same thing.
Everybody's a dying over here.
Cliff and Kendall sent this to me.
Yes, turned day.
Fanist city in the US.
Guess what's the Fanist city in the US?
Majemmi.
You got it?
Really?
Well, your eye in your sharp today.
Your sharp is a monster ball.
You all that.
Because it's forum.
That's it.
Nobody sent me any home in touch, but I do have these evil fortune cookies.
Oh, yeah.
I think forum.
I wonder if you can eat 14 cookies on Purimifets kosher.
That does the job.
That's all I got.
Happy forum.
How is Queen Esther doing?
She's just fine.
She's sitting.
And hanging out.
Evil.
I don't know about those bubble voices.
I forgot those.
I was taught those things as a kid.
And I've gone out of my way to forget them as fast as I can.
Although silly fairy tales.
Daniel and the lions.
Then Jonah and the whale.
Esther and Schrester and the Derabi and the Anlanders.
A men's fitness study ranks Miami known for its nightlife and scantily clad beach
goers as the nation's fattest city with 65% of residents being heavy enough to increase
their risk of weight-related health problems.
The study showed that despite having 79% more gyms and health clubs on the average city,
residents were less likely than average to use their gym memberships.
Men's fitness reported that Miami also had three times the fast food restaurants
as the average city and 74% more pizza restaurants than the average city.
What's the average city?
I don't know.
Rochester, St. Louis, Adren.
Binghamton, Ipsilani, I'm a freshman.
What's the average city?
Canadaewa, Albany, Cleveland.
Grand Rapids, Kalamazoozoo.
They also scored low- and participation in outdoor activities such as biking and running.
Some factors though may not all be their fault.
The study also reported that Miami's commute is 50% more oppressive than average and was ranked the worst in terms of air quality.
How do you like that?
The fattest and the worst in terms of air quality?
Wow.
Why should that be?
Wouldn't you think like Gary Indiana would be a lot worse?
I don't know.
Oh, come on, East Chicago.
That whole area?
Jacksonville?
Don't celebrate.
The men's fitness report card for Miami seemed to be a list of contradictions, A for fitness centers, B plus for nutrition, and B minus for geography.
It also gave the city an F for motivation, junk food and television viewing.
F.
F.
Motivation, junk food, and television viewing.
And fat.
I believe that.
Yeah.
Lots and lots of in fact go to a buffet anywhere there.
Wow.
And fast you go to a buffet anywhere.
You see a lot of huge people waddling around.
Sure.
It's good value.
You can pick out.
People think that if you're already a pig, what's the need to pick out if you're already a pig?
That's not about need.
Well, this is from yesterday.
I told you about this one.
Now do you believe it?
No.
Macco?
Is that the real Chris?
Yes.
Well, it's him.
And this is about yesterday's poll.
It's already long gone.
Sorry, Chris.
Once it's gone, you forgot to put put Chris back on the show's option for the poll about what if he had the.
Control of QAM for one hour.
Right.
Hope you and Georgia doing good.
Miss working on the show did George C. Watchman.
I was going to see if he was going Sunday, but had jumped into weren't able to hit the movies.
Chris, it is the real Chris Chris way.
Yes.
We miss we miss Chris.
But then again, he's on a early morning that overnight that graveyard shift screwed off his life.
At least kept him a job, you know.
Yelp.
Right.
Right.
It's better than not having a job.
That is correct.
Saudis order 40 lashes for early woman for mingling.
Now, I don't say co-mingling.
Did you say that on the air off?
I hope off here.
Yeah.
But now it's up to 84.
Let's see if there's anything new coming here.
Oh, yeah.
Rabbi Noah Weinberg says the only good banker is a dead banker as long as bastards like Obama's Tim Geithner maintain to keep the scam that is AIG and other like might of commercial institutions live and thriving.
Citizens of the US are doomed to slavery and paying for it.
Says Rabbi Noah Weinberg.
Whoever that is.
Some far bison.
I don't know.
You know who that is?
Nope.
Well, why did anybody send that to me?
I don't know.
Here's one that says Georgia's slipping.
It's me again.
No one put retired on your pull, baby.
I wouldn't mind retiring on your pull, Neil.
Oh, boy.
Or as we are here in Lareda, we are retired with paying hobbies.
Karen, I have no idea what that's all about.
No one put retired on your pull.
Want me to put that on there?
Right now.
I heard an appointment says, yeah, retire, retire, retire.
I think she's got a good point, although she's sure had a circuitous way of conveying it.
And the best news of all is that since I blocked his ugly ass, Mr. Radio went to get in a more...
He hasn't come up with his new email yet.
Yeah.
And he sure as hell talked himself out of some valuable stuff, you were going to give him that crap?
I mean, not valuable money wise, but just in terms of radio treasure.
Right?
Right?
Why are we going to do that?
Well, they're just sitting there.
Yeah.
I'd rather have him just sitting there rotting, decomposing than putting his hands.
He's a stalker.
Yeah.
Crazy person.
Yeah.
Oh, Mr. Radio wants to invite you on Twitter.
Yeah.
Don't Twitter.
Hit her.
Fritter.
Fritter away.
Chris Brown said.
That's what I wish for him.
Fritter away.
Chris Brown and Mr. Radio.
First of all, any of these people who give themselves a name, a handle?
Yes.
Run.
Run in the other direction.
Can we like Stormcat?
Stormy.
There's a great example.
Run.
Run like a son of a bitch.
I never did figure out what that Johnny D'Arthing was.
A cell used son of a bitch.
What was that?
Yeah, I had no idea.
Well, what do you mean you have no idea?
That's what we're talking about.
I'll we know this.
How about that Fred Watt's name?
Something just to think about the basketballian Fred Souter?
He means well.
He means well.
Don't you understand how embarrassing and degrading a little bit?
A little bit.
A little bit?
His heart's in the right place.
Oh, my God.
And what were you telling me about his head getting back there?
That was Johnny G.
Well, I didn't know.
Yeah, that's Johnny G.
I thought that was very tasteless.
Johnny G with the severe head injury.
Which explains a lot.
Neon God.
Neon God.
Your family.
My name is Barry.
Sing like a fairy.
I write bad songs about romance.
While I'm wearing spandex pants, I'm trying to shrimp it.
My songs will be.
I had a series of big hits.
And that was back in 76.
Now no one wants to hear.
They only laugh and sneer.
They won't admit that they own my albums.
But my songs are queer.
Got a nose shape.
Like a banana.
My two fans both live in Montana.
Got a nose shape.
Like a banana.
Up my nose you can fit half on the city of Atlanta.
Rectum.
I write the song.
You, you, you, you fairy.
I got a hug.
I've got a hug.
The size of Yonkers.
When I get a stuffed up nose, I need to rest in a hose.
But now I'm on the case.
My life is back in place.
And so I'm singing again and sticking.
My snars in your face.
Got a nose shape.
Like a banana.
My two fans both live in Montana.
Got a nose shape.
Like a banana.
Up my nose you can fit half on the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
Like a banana.
Like a banana.
Rock solid.
Like a banana.
1,16 at 5,60 WQM.
This Johnny Dark Bird thing is starting to really bug the hell out of me.
Here's another one from Johnny Darks.
Says, wrong, I'm not Mr. Radio.
You just showed yourself as a negative heartless bastard.
You keep making disparaging remarks about Glenn.
Glenn, I'm sick of it.
You just keep running everyone off you fool.
Now what's the disparaging remarks that I make about the bird?
I don't know, I thought I said he did a fine job on Zaden.
I had a lot to the show and he just, you know,
and the thing that I would do was never going to work in it was my mistake.
Did I say that?
My mistake by bringing him on there,
which he didn't belong on there.
We didn't need him.
And it was the right decision to get him off of that show.
Right decision because that's when the show turned the corner and we started kicking ass.
But I'm a fool.
Yeah, I think it's the real Johnny Dark because he's a real surly cout.
Stop driving everybody off of you.
Yeah, you keep driving everybody off.
No.
Hector says you were just questioning what kind of person
gives himself his own handler nickname.
Imagine my reaction the first time I heard Frito on 790,
we freedom himself as such.
What kind of person gives himself a nickname and then goes on the air with it?
Frito.
I'll give you one fat smelly guess who I'm referring to.
Oh, Josh Friedman.
Yes.
Frito.
You did not know.
No, I never heard Frito.
Oh, there you go, bro.
Wow.
Frito.
Yeah, Frito lay.
I doubt that.
That was up to 98.
Now, I knew that article was a full of crap.
What was that, men's health magazine or some piece of crap?
Forbes 2008 list rates.
Miami's America's, America's cleanest city.
Well, that doesn't say the air though.
Yeah, it is.
Miami led the pack as the cleanest city in America as the sunshides state
dominates the 2008 list by Forbes.com.
Four metro areas ranked in the top 10.
Jacksonville number three or landed number four.
Tampa St. Tweet number eight.
With built-in advantages of weather patterns that blow out smog with warm sea breezes,
there are also city efforts for cleanliness as we reap the rewards during Florida's population boom.
Air quality is a huge health factor for urban forests.
We made it a big deal in our study.
They said to determine the cleanest major cities in the US.
We initially measure the rankings for air pollution and ozone levels among all 49 US metro areas and blah, blah, blah, blah.
Says, want to live where the air is sweet.
The water is pure in the streets.
Our clean.
Try Miami Beach Florida real estate.
The cleanest city in America.
Feel free to comment on your thoughts related to this blog out here Forbes 2008.
Which I tend to believe more than all of these studies.
You know, everybody's got a study.
Yeah.
But the idea that Miami's got the worst air.
Somebody who don't like Miami probably wrote that and I didn't even write it.
Some far bison bastard trying to like just like I'm doing with the bird.
What did I say negative about him?
What did I say?
I don't know.
I didn't hear anything.
Just an ongoing pile of crap.
Look at this 545 people versus 300 million meaning Congress.
Yeah.
Politicians are the only people in the world who create problems and then campaign against them.
This goes on and on and on.
What you do with the article now that you've read it is up to you.
Okay, Larry delete.
Now it goes on forever.
Oh no, here's some really bad news from the real or fake Barry Jackass.
You hear those sirens going out there?
No.
No, they are.
No, you're.
God.
Just never stops.
Wait till I read you this.
Well, you're not going to hear that much.
I'll pretend if you want to.
You're not much of an Alice Randell fan.
Never met the man.
Never heard the show.
SARS picture.
Big ears.
Yeah, big ears.
Tim Conway, Jr. didn't last long in this film.
He gets it.
I'll talk radio KVC Los Angeles a week into his projected four to five week.
Fill in for Al Rantel while Rantel recovers from surgery.
Conway was gone by Monday night.
Conway who hosted evenings across town CBS radio talk KLS X to let station flip formats two weeks ago.
Posted a message on his website reading two shows in two weeks.
That could be a record K.A.B.C. let Conway go because of a joky tool on the year last Friday.
Wow.
It's your luck to hear that one.
Yeah.
The problem is we joined his former KLS X partner, Brian women for daily two hour podcast on a subscription basis.
Oh my God.
Women recently launched the podcast and Conway joining the show started Tuesday night subscriptions available five bucks a month at Brian Whitman dot com.
Oh podcasts paid paper.
Listen to subscription basis.
You ready for that?
Yeah.
Would you pay to listen to Tim Conway, Jr.
Who?
Exactly.
He lasted two weeks.
Or less.
Yeah.
Well, you know, these are tough times.
No more Conway at K.A.B.C.
I wonder what Alice ran tell things about that.
Haven't heard from Alice in a few days.
It's the real Alice.
Don't you know it is.
It is.
Okay.
You're such a skeptic man.
I wish that Johnny dark would come and just pulverize you.
Here's the biggest he is.
He's that for your very.
Oh, yeah.
He can just sit on you very soft and doy.
Is he really?
Oh, yeah.
Is he a giant pillsbury doboy?
He's just gooey.
I don't think he has any bones.
How do you know that?
Worked with the man for years.
Johnny dark.
Johnny dark.
He's a he hates you.
He's a tall guy.
That's fine.
He's a big tall guy, but he's very soft.
Well, just because you worked with him for years, how do you know he's soft?
He looks soft.
This flush shifts around.
Flammy walks.
Yeah.
Flammy.
Yeah.
What a heartless bastard you are.
That's me.
God.
181 votes on the poll.
Right now, my employment status is have a job happy with a thank you.
55.
Have a job.
It had to take a pay cut.
21.
Big pay cut.
Have a job.
But dissatisfied with the 21.
I'm self-employed.
19.
Have a job.
Got a pay raise.
18.
People got a pay raise.
George, not us.
No.
10.
8% of these people got a pay raise.
How they how they swing that?
Maybe bang the boss.
Karen Kay, you know, that will deal bang the boss.
Karen Kay, Walter.
That was that was so embarrassing.
And she goes on the air the first day.
And Walter Sabre was the consultant for Pax Nio D.
And she's bragging.
She's asking on the air, what's wrong with the sleeping with the the boss?
I had one in my mouth once.
Well, I'm sure that.
First start was.
God.
Oh, I'm having such a nice time.
No job at looking and no job at giving up looking 10.
Well, what does that one say?
No job, but looking no job at giving up looking 10.
That's that's a little much for me.
No low no comprinde.
No job living off my unemployment nine.
No job, but my significant others supporting me five.
Retired three.
I have more than one job three.
No job living with my parents too.
I just like to be like 50 and live with your parents.
You mean like our e-mailers?
Oh, you are so negative.
No, I'm positive they live with their parents.
I'm actually not Johnny dark.
Neil Rogers, David says here's a new piece.
Something up how I had the economy is and all the civil unrest happening features
great picks and co video at the end and it's got a link which I just deleted.
Thank you.
Pist off in Parkland says why is it that every time someone dies in a car crash,
people are right shrines of flowers, crucifixes, teddy bears, ribbons, etc.
Why do we have to be subjected to this bull cramp?
I agree with that.
I mean, what is the purpose?
I mean like, oh, it's the last time Memorial, why?
Out on the sidewalk?
Yeah.
Well, what's it doing there?
Isn't that what they have graveyard for?
Isn't that what they have graveyard centers for?
Good enough.
You don't say.
Well, see I'm an insensitive cruel heartless bastard like Johnny does say it.
It's driving everybody away.
Yeah.
You're driving everybody away.
You heartless bastard.
You sell a sad, you son of a bitch.
He still didn't tell me what the hell that's for.
Yeah, what does that mean?
Well, congratulations.
Get alive.
Oh, God, don't go in there.
Are you hearing my stomach, my boys?
Oh, who am I?
I don't know that, John.
People heading home from work late one night when they fall behind in the fast food line.
They pulled in and gave their order to the girl.
And the next thing you know, they started to hurl.
And talk about bull.
They started to blow.
And talk about bull.
They're burning inside their throat.
It had a smell.
But then they started to grow not feeling well.
From the beanberry toe.
It must have been the curse of the case of D.R.
It's causing all of this diarrhea.
But none of the sick are going to die.
They've just got a bad case of e-colon.
From talk about.
That's from excited to blow.
It's not going to help.
Are burning inside their throat.
It had a smell.
That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well.
From the beanberry toe.
It should have skipped a damn chalupa.
You might not have made but super.
Next time you pass the fine, say no.
Even though it's grilled.
So it's good to go.
That's the people got sick and wish the day under gun.
So they could hunt down the people who think outside the bottom.
The pain from the crannies they felt deep in their gut.
So next time they'll just go to pizza hot.
Not talk about.
There's some excited to blow.
From talk about.
The burning inside their throat.
It had a smell.
That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well.
From the beanberry toe.
It must have been the curse of the case of D.R.
It must have been the curse of the case of D.R.
131 and 560.
We got the bad dog at chulas at four.
You ready for that?
Can you handle it?
I'm all strapped in.
Here's one from Friday, all Friday afternoon, 5.21pm.
Happy Friday, Neil.
Hope things are going well.
Still try to get by after the last four years of President D.R.
D.R.
The construction business is doggie dog these days.
And nobody's speaking to English if you know what I mean.
I try to look on the bright side, but it gets harder every day.
These ass-clown Republicans are just going to make things worse.
Too bad rush didn't take the whole bottle at one time.
I think I read this, didn't I?
I think so.
That's okay.
Yeah, I'm in fact, you know what?
On days when we don't have a lot of emails coming in,
we'll just read some old ones over again.
No, I'm not.
If it was good enough for a micronary, it's good enough for us.
What does that mean?
He used to say everything twice, remember?
He used to say everything twice.
Why did he do that?
Oh, Larry says I know you hate that stuff.
Sorry, but I heads up that freaking QM page email doesn't work.
This is Larry.
Okay.
Let's go to the, well, let's go to it homepage.
Let's see email, Neil email, George email, Neil.
I clicked on it and sure it does.
Let me, let me send it.
Subject none.
Test.
Send.
Okay, it looks like it's sent.
What does that have to do with the fact that he sent me that long,
ponderous thing, huh?
I don't know.
Now, let me do a send and receive and see if I get my own email.
Wouldn't that be exciting if I did it?
Sure.
If not, if not, I don't have it.
I do have one from Jimmy Cifilis, though.
It says time to retire, Rogers.
Most people stopped listening to you years ago.
Now you're running off your diehard chronics.
Soon you'll be talking just to George.
No one will be listening except you, Jimmy.
Your show is out of touch and you just aren't relevant anymore.
The rating speaks for themselves.
You should have retired last year like Hank did.
Hank didn't retire.
Hank got shoved out the door.
Hank retired.
Dan deserved your spot.
He does a much better show.
You treat good people like Greg, you know, Johnny, dark like crap.
Even Henry doesn't care for you anymore.
He said, Mike never liked you.
Give it up.
Oh my God.
But maybe the guy's right.
Maybe those things aren't working because I sent myself an email.
Didn't come through.
Hmm.
Why don't you try it going now?
Go on a homepage.
Click on email the show.
Neal.
Give it a shot.
You're shooting it?
Yeah, one moment please.
Whoa.
There we go.
Hang on.
What happened?
Nothing.
Don't tell me we got a malfunction of the josh and that would explain a lot.
You're handling it?
A page came up that said, uh, the document has moved here, but the email came up.
So I don't know.
Oh, that's always been there.
Forget about that.
Yeah, the box came up, right?
Yeah.
Yes, and I sent an email.
Okay.
Let me do a send and receive thing on here and see if right away I can get an email from George.
And the answer is.
Yes, your gay.
Oh.
So it does work.
Didn't work when I did it, but then again, what do I know?
Maybe I made a bad mistake.
So there you go.
I have no idea what that has to do with anything.
There are a quick sentiment long links to long, ponderous stuff.
The hero says, speaking of who's clean and who's unclean, Florida ranks number three for the
trashiest beaches.
Siger Red Buds bottles, poultaps, oranges, condoms, dead animals, more cigarette butts.
Now, these are not leftovers from the sleazy neighbors last weekend, winged thing.
There was sampling of lovely stuff collected in a single day from the state's beaches.
Florida.
Florida, which trades on its sparkling surf and sand, ranked the third trashiest state in the 2008 coastal cleanup sponsored by the ocean conservancy.
The environmental group released the result of its 23rd International Effort, the largest of its kind on Tuesday today.
The reason we do this and count all the stuff is to make people aware the effort of their, the effect of their behavior said Vicki Spruel, president of the ocean conservancy.
Everything we do lands up.
Everything we do on land ends up in the ocean.
Do you like my reading of that?
Not great.
Judging by the numbers, what we mostly do is smoke, drink and eat.
Burn out and broken cigarette butts were by far and away the most common coastal litter, 197,000 plus of them in Florida,
3,200,000 plus overall 104 countries, and 42 states were clean up so place.
They're counting them.
3,216,991.
They're counting cigarette butts.
Causton cigars, wrappers and lighters and smokers alone accounted for 31% of beach debris.
This might lead some to conclude that smokers in the addition of being stupid are slabs.
People don't believe it's trash, you say they think it's too small that it decomposes all of those things are myths.
The dirty details of the group's marine debris index suggest people pursue a wide array of activities along the Florida coast, such as car repair and target practice.
There were among the states 200 plus tons of trash, 1187 car parts, 887 tires, and 1181 shotgun shells, and a partridge and a pair of tree.
There were some foul items as well, 1348 condoms, 780 diapers, 499 syringes, and 934 women sanitary napkins.
On the plus side the trends on all four and trash overall on Florida's coast were actually down from the previous year.
California had the messiest coast by far, roughly tripling Florida's totals, North Carolina ranked number two.
I mentioned there's a lot of number two in North Carolina.
And some of it is Georgia's.
I'll leave it out of the house though, in the outhouse.
Do you have an outhouse?
No.
Oh, well, why not?
We could.
The church right by us does.
We'll see this speaking about houses.
When I drove the vet up here.
When we drove up here and you know, you go to different rest stops because you got a pee every now and then.
And like it, two in the morning when it's pitch dark outside and you go into those outhouses, they don't have like a light, you know.
You got to bring one with you.
Well, who the hell's got a light?
Me.
And so I go in there to take a leak and you're thinking there could be like a possum in here.
A raccoon.
Why y'all has got to carry a flashlight on your keychain.
And a flashlight on your keychain.
I got a flashlight on my keychain, Vancouver.
I don't.
Yeah.
No, no, no, no, no, no one to get you free.
Burk dating.
That was up to the end of three points.
It's holding steady.
And thank God we didn't hear from Maria today.
The days we hear from Maria, the market goes in the tank.
Coincidence on the QAM home page.
It has an email link for you, which goes to neo rogers at wqm.com.
What does that mean?
That old thing that we keep telling them to take off or change.
I want the QAM page.
I want the QAM page.
Well, we don't care about that.
That's never been our email.
No.
The beneficiaries of the government's bailout of American international group include at least
two dozen US informed financial institutions that have been paid roughly $50 billion
since the Federal Reserve first extended aid to the insurance giant, AIG.
Among those institutions are Goldman Sachs and Germany's Deutsche Bank,
each of which received roughly $6 billion in payments between mid-September and December 2008,
according to a confidential document and people familiar with the matter.
We're screwed, Neil says.
John Q. Public.
John McHugh.
Now there's a guy.
He's dead.
Is he?
He slept in his car.
He used to do overnight on the weekends at INC when I was doing eight to midnight.
John McHugh.
And his thing was he was kind of like a...
Anybody that I...
Any of the chronics, he would put him on the event like Joey.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He would encourage the chronics.
The cranker is in the...
The chronics and...
Yeah, he would encourage them and to write them to participate.
To make sure that they stayed around the station.
Like Joey is right.
Yeah, exactly.
Just to be contrary, just to be a bastard.
He invited them.
He invited them.
That's right.
He invited them to come to the station to be part of the whole thing.
That's right.
And now he's dead.
Oh, Neil!
Yeah, that's...
He was his ward.
Not his pedophile.
His socks.
Being here sucks.
This works sucks.
We're swearing while we were.
Well, Pannity is making me enjoy my new workplace.
So, F you and F you.
Just say it's strong for letters long and say it to my face.
You won't upset the room.
We all will just assume.
When something hits the sand that you don't give a damn.
And call it more than two.
What the hell is this crap?
Ah, crap.
Oh, bush millies.
That's life for you.
A lot of crap in life.
Am I right?
Oh, yeah.
Life is a pile of crap.
In fact, my...
Fuck it.
It was me and he's cabbie who's a very funny guy.
Every now and then, one of us will say,
as we're driving a tour wherever.
And, oh, what a life.
And he'll say, yeah, pile of smit.
Life is a pile of smit.
And many ways it is.
You know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, it's raining like a son of a bitch now.
It's raining hard cats and dogs.
Oh.
But it's plus three.
And tomorrow's going to be plus ten.
And partly sunny, 50 degrees.
Oh, spring is sprung, baby.
I hope.
The only problem is in March of North.
It's like one day of spring.
And the next day is like almost wintertime.
Like Thursday, the high minus four.
That sucks.
That blows.
But, you know, that thing I just played about
swearing while you work.
I don't think too many people are doing that anymore.
I think a lot more people now.
And just like me, you laughed at me.
Oh, geez, you made a bad mistake.
We're going to get into the Southern Great Age and get into it.
There are no deals.
There's no money out there.
The whole business is finished.
Apparently.
Yeah.
Not that I was all that smart and was aware of it.
But better than, you know what they say about the burden in the hand?
Oh, sorry, Johnny.
Johnny, Johnny, get up.
He's picking on the bird again.
Bird in the hand is worth a hundred in the bush.
I got a burden in the hand right now.
I'll bet you do.
Bob McTeard, Dallas Fed Governor, says,
if we all join hands and go buy a new SUV, everything will be all right.
Oh, Bill McDonough, head of the New York Fed, October 2001,
said, well, we dearly want his Americans to spend like Americans
to do the patriotic thing go out and spend.
Of course, it's kind of hard to spend if you don't have any money.
Oh, Johnny, dark is back.
Here we go.
This is good.
I don't like the way you treat people.
I think I treat people pretty damn nice.
I mean, I could be wrong about that.
You're just fine.
Here's one.
George is right.
A flashlight on your keychain is mandatory here in North Carolina.
You never know what you might step in.
Now, what's the question of what you might step in?
It's a question of what you go in there and you're going to take a leak
and you put your junk out.
I didn't say to North Carolina.
I've said anywhere, especially here at Power Outers.
And you never know what's in there.
You want a snack or something?
Small snack.
Okay, let's see what Johnny dark says.
Raid George.
Oh, this is just an ongoing.
I just don't like the way you treat people.
Stick is one thing, but you're proving yourself to be a truly heartless bastard.
I don't like how you treat it, Glenn.
Just on and on with Glenn, like an obsession, like a sickness.
And you continue to tarnish his name.
By doing what?
Stop tarnishing it.
Oh, you bad mouth.
Everyone in a business and even fans of your show.
You give attention to the negative emails, but slam the positive ones.
You're going to die a lonely man.
Your only friends are people you give money to.
Where will they be when the money dries up?
You have no faith in God or humanity, and you've wasted your talents.
I hope you change before it's too late.
You get what you give in this life.
That's why you're out on the beach, Johnny.
That's why you're generally unemployed.
I mean, what clap trap?
What gobblety-gook?
I just don't like the way you treat people.
I'd like to know the people who have treated badly in this business.
I mean, you know, go on, going on the air and ripping somebody to ask which they'd
richly deserve, like Redyear Randy Moor, who's a silly goose, or Ed Till.
That's one thing.
Who are the people I've treated badly that I've worked with?
I don't know. I'll go find them.
Go look them up. Greg Voodelle?
Yeah, as you see how bad you were to him.
Listen, I got a lot of company on him.
Everybody hates him.
That's his whole stick and like, why does everybody hate me?
I don't know they just do.
If that's the real Johnny dark, this is so more...
I mean, if it's just stick, you know, that's fine.
But if it's the real one, I suspect it is.
Because that's his style, you know.
But every morbid, depressing.
I mean, it's raining, but other than that, everything's just fine.
Fine is the eye-wine.
Paco past is a G2 driving test yesterday.
Everybody's having a big party in their pants.
Everybody's excited, confused.
Had a nice dinner yesterday at the Red Blobster?
Yeah.
Even the Blobster and I had kissed and made up before he croaked.
Had a money heir.
That famous call.
I mean, you know, as we all look back, if you had to live your life over again,
are the things you might do differently?
You bet. Are the people you treat differently?
You bet. Some better, some worse.
Some worse, Johnny.
The bird, this, and the bird, that, and the bird, the bird.
It's like a neurotic obsession.
I think there are people who would have in committed, Baker acted.
I mean, there are a lot of people who have a, you know, a very
deep interest in their bird.
But Jesus.
Yeah.
I think I treated him pretty damn well.
Johnny, don't write to respect.
Huh?
Johnny, dark?
No, the bird.
Yeah.
I took him under my wing, so to speak, gave him a $50,000 a year job,
but all the food he could eat.
And instead of just, you know, I'm not going to go into it again.
All he had to do was nothing.
Now that's right.
All he had to was just sit there and eat and then, and then,
nothing a little easier to do.
That's all.
He didn't have to have enough of a paper.
Not a tough assignment, okay?
Storming out of the studio, whatever the, you were talking,
so you know, don't rehash it.
Now look at nothing.
Sorry.
You're going to get Johnny. I'm sent.
Here.
Here is Johnny.
A Saudi Arabian court of sentence, a 75-year-old Syrian woman to 40 lashes,
four months imprisonment, and deportation from the kingdom for having two unrelated men
in her house, according to local media reports.
According to the Saudi dealer newspaper, Al-Watan,
troubles for the woman, Kameshya Muhammad Sawadi,
began last year when a member of the religious police entered her house in the city of Al-Chamli,
and found her with two unrelated men, Fad and Hadion.
Or she's out there.
Fad told policemen that he had the right to be there because Sawadi had breastfed him as a baby,
and was therefore considered to be a son to her in Islam, according to Al-Watan.
Fad, 24-year-old, that his friend Hadion was escorting him as he delivered bread for the elderly woman,
the policemen then arrested both men.
Saudi Arabia follows a strict interpretation of Islam called Wahhabism,
and punishes unrelated men and women who are caught mingling.
Unrelated men and women who are caught mingling.
The commission for the promotion of virtue and prevention of ice-feared by many Saudis
has made up of several thousand religious policemen charged with duties such as
enforcing dress codes, prayer times, and segregation of the sexes.
Under Saudi law, women have faced many restrictions, including a strict dress code and a ban on driving.
Women also need to have a man's permission to travel.
I'm not saying that these people live in the stone age, these grave robbers who are squeezing every dime out of us
and have been for years with their damn stink and oil.
Bomb the Saudis, that's the only answer.
How long has that been until we blow up Pakistan?
Oh, that's in the floor.
Haven't played that in a long time, it's only 126.
See, I always back time with these two-minute vets, and they're only a limited number of those.
That's why you'll hear a lot of the same things over and over.
How come the old place does seem like a president's dumbest men?
It's a timing thing.
Right.
And it's good.
One thing about us we got there here on time, usually leave a few extra seconds there for the big O.
Right?
To do his thing with.
239 votes on the pool.
Right now my employment status is have a job, happy with it, thank you.
75.
Far and away.
Our people are employed.
How do you like that?
Which means they might have a few bucks, which means maybe they'll bring George some money next time he's at Gulf Street.
And then you can put together all those contributions and buy you a nice car.
Yeah, I don't want to get you depressed, but I have a feeling that all those promises from Joe Bell?
Yeah, yeah.
They smell.
It's day-oh, if I ever tell.
You're at 560 WQA.
Baby, launch a couple missiles.
Turn a place we know and aim a madame.
Who's first name begins with?
There's one thing we all understand.
Absolutely.
How arcade it won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
We could change some round forever with our tanks and all our troops.
But special forces are some tired of jumping through them.
You know we need another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and go blow up Pakistan.
How can a need to nuclear tank?
Why don't we stop pussyfoot and go blow up Pakistan?
Boom boom.
Bye bye bye.
