Oh
Oh
W bush I gotta say it
The legacy of your economy the biggest bank heist in our history
The blood will watch off of your hands
From places on he retard
3000 dead by your incompetent
2000 small for your wince and co designer
for
We shall do for the queer that we're so stupid here
But now we need to stay for eight years
If we had graves
We would have housed it you
And your neocon friends
Dreaming down it's down
We shall talk so long
With a chain of events someday
Or it's back up with justice to serve that for you pass away
Like Larry Craig will tap dance on your
Greg
Oh, he quiet I want to get slowly dead
Take on his great moment in history
You know, do you?
Hey, so late dad, what do you think?
Papa
Oh, don't be picking on her again now you see she's a woman
And we know about you fagus Yeah, you know you hate women
That's right. Sure, whatever you say
Well, here's one
Mary to obviac
Mary to biachi me
Chronic a e-mailor
He says history is made today
It should not be about race. However many make people make it out to be that way
This should be about a new direction and hope.
The media is feeding on his race which is taking away from his leadership.
Oh, if Obama was vital in his fanfare for to give this much attention, Obama should be
admired for being a leader not because of his skin tone.
I didn't vote for Obama, no kidding.
But I'll support his office as me.
His skin color did not sway my vote.
Let our new leader lead and don't cheapen his role because of race.
What are racist bastards in drag, man?
And by the way, Edward, Edwin, whatever your name is, I'm not reading any more of your
emails.
You don't listen to the show allegedly, but you're obsessed with the attention.
You send me an email, I read it on the ear.
Not another one.
The same thing.
Oh, a fag.
If it's big is a bad word, what about faggot?
I mean, we pissed off of myself for saying that all the time.
Faggot.
This is a guy with no sense of humor.
So he's right.
The show is not for him.
Jack asked.
Hi, Edward.
Brandon sends me this.
This is a guy I don't know who the inauguration.
By the way, the Obama's are at the White House right now as are the Biden's with the Bushes
having coffee.
One of them, I'm not sure which one, just took their first soft ball movement in the White
House.
And that's the kind of way they do things like when I's now had the heart attack.
Oh, yeah, President had a good ball movement this morning.
I'm surprised they didn't tell us the come the what do you call it?
Texture.
Yeah.
Ed the tone.
You know, there's a chart.
Is there?
Sure.
Didn't you know?
Authorities say a St. Petersburg woman was charged with battery after hitting a man
in the head with a bagel.
I didn't even know they had bagels in St. Pete.
Police say 28 year old Cassidy.
See catolaco.
What a name.
Catolaco was violating the temporary injunction file last week by even going to see the victim
early Sunday morning.
She was also on probation for 2006 criminal mischief case.
She's got some issues as they say, Cassidy.
Catolaco was arrested being held on $10,000 plus bail.
Hit a man in the head with a bagel.
That's all that says this during the Orlando Sentinel could sure use a little more detail.
Couldn't it?
Oh, well, when you like to know more about that.
No.
Oh, come on.
Or would you rather hear more about the inauguration?
Sure.
What's to know?
Well, there's a whole lot of people.
There's millions of people in DC.
They're waving American flag.
And I see this is the thing that disturbs me about this whole thing is that there's so
much pressure being put upon him.
Let alone the fact he's the first man of color to be elected president.
But now he's got inheriting just impossible between the economy and the three different
wars and all of this stuff going on.
Right.
All of these things.
By the way, how's Guilty doing?
How's he doing?
Let's take a look at that schedule before we dip into this whole inauguration thing,
which will carry as much as we can.
It'll kill some really good time.
Do they help us mail it in?
Very excited.
Very excited.
That's solely dad.
He's very excited.
Orlando at the senior bowl at two o'clock.
Can that be right?
Well, that's right.
It was the, what was the dipsmith thing he was at last week, the north south east, the
shrine game or something?
Orlando at the senior bowl of two.
Let's get those hourly's going, clearance.
Come on.
I want to see how we did between two and four.
Jim Mandage, a chula's four to seven, dolphin tonight, seven to eight.
You want to miss that.
And then eight to eleven to D. A. Show.
He's still around.
What what's your name, starting Anita Marks?
His Baltimore lost over the weekend.
So she can't use that as an excuse anymore.
Where's Anita Marks the spot?
Huh?
I don't know.
I don't see any agust upon that from Barry Jackass or Tommy Jica, the real one with the fake
one.
I don't see nothing.
Nope.
And we want to get those hourly's.
The ratings came out on Friday.
We did not so bad a little bit better than we have in do.
And I guess we probably had a pretty decent month in December.
Thank God.
Finally.
But clearance has got technical issues and we had to wait till ten o'clock and better
be a bit of a, you know, if he was any kind of a guy, forget about program director.
He was any kind of a guy.
He'd be in there right now.
He even had stuff at your ass.
Wouldn't he?
I'm sure he would be.
Well, aren't you anxious to see it?
Quite.
Well, quite right.
Boy, how'd you like to be in the middle of that?
There's a million.
No, the party's there.
Right.
I mean, I've been to some really big festival type concerts before, but no, thank you.
That's bad enough.
At least it's really cool.
It's like about 30, 31.
But if it was like a hot summer day, could you imagine the aroma and that crowd?
I mean, just just a crowd of, you know, three, four million people just by us
Moses.
It's not going to smell too good.
But the fact it's, it's got a nice cold chill in the year.
It's chillin.
They're chillin.
Millions of people.
And I don't know about you, but they, you know, we had all this stuff over the weekend
about the security and all the zillions of people with security.
I don't know about you, but I'm a little bit nervous with I'll be real happy when it all
gets over with.
When the Obama's are moved completely into the White House, when the bushes are out,
and when all these wild people are like, you know, back home where they belong.
I mean, I'm thrilled for them that they're all whipped up and excited and in a frenzy
and hallelujah and waving a flag and yadda yadda.
But let's get it over with and get everybody back safe and sound, right?
Right.
Michael Morris says, and thanks to a Warren who emailed us to me.
Just hours away, a note from Michael Moore.
Friends, this happy, happy day says we made it through the dark ages and here we are one
of the most redemptive moments history has ever witnessed.
Barack Obama is our best hope to get it right to heal our nationals sold or reach out
to the rest of the world with an olive branch instead of shocking brutality.
I want to take this opportunity to thank each and every one of you who's worked to make
this day happen.
For many, the madness goes back not eight years, but 28 years to the tragic day Reagan
was sworn into this mantle, our precious government of the people and our beloved way of life.
To all of you who've spoken up and spoken out, who've written letters and marched for
peace for all of you who never gave up, you are the true heroes today.
Many of you have suffered great economic losses.
Some of you endured a loved one being shipped overseas to senseless and shameful wars,
and thousands of you have seen those loved ones return home no longer alive.
It's been a heartbreaking time.
But the sum comes out in noon today.
The disgraced outgoing president will slide out the side door and head to Crawford to
sell the Hollywood set known as the Bush Ranch before he settles down an exclusive neighborhood
in Dallas.
I would encourage Mr. Bush to issue one final pardon before noon today his own.
He'd better issue a blanket pardon for all crimes that may have been committed since 2001
by himself, Cheney Rumsfeld and the whole gang.
Sirius laws were broken and war was concocted on the lie, and now please, justice must be
carried out.
So let us move forward and fix the horrible mess we're in, or fortunate to have a new
president who is smart and kind of committed to serving his country.
Take a moment today and think about what you can do to join in helping him do his job.
We're all in this together.
Our country has been so profoundly wrecked by an administration who decided to mug our
constitution and then steal what they can for their Wall Street cronies on the way out
the door.
Here's my plea.
Let's not leave Barack Obama alone to clean up the mess.
As he takes his out today, please take one yourself to work harder than ever to end these
wars, create universal health care, save our planet and poverty, increase knowledge and
establish a true government of buying for the people, instead of of buying for the lobbyists
the bankers and the war profiteers.
On a personal note, it's no secret that I've had a suffer an avalanche of hating a
tank as I stuck my neck out to simply do my job.
Someday I'll tell you what the true cost of this has been for me, but not today.
Today is the time for celebration and optimism and hope.
I'm glad we all live to see this incredible moment.
And I thank each of you for your support of my working your dedication to our democracy.
12-1pm can't come soon enough.
Happy inauguration day.
You're as Michael Moore.
Yeah, can you even imagine the crap that he's had to take?
Don't have to imagine.
You know, didn't he write about it?
He did?
Frequently.
Didn't he have lots of open letters and things like that?
I mean, you can see it.
I didn't see it.
Oh, nobody emailed it to me.
Well, I'm faxing you the numbers.
What's more important than that?
Oh, all right.
Let's hear it.
Let's do the break and then we'll get the hourlies.
Let's find out who's really.
He rocks solid and who's really not.
Neil Rogers, God.
Don't lie.
All the hard burn.
Don't, don't, don't.
Every time I see.
Don't, don't, don't.
That free tart in dimwitch.
Don't, don't, don't.
Oh, my TV.
He's President of the ****.
Rapub against muscle, then.
And in our takin' is hideous.
I don't know why they want this guy, but not he's here.
First proven to next four years.
With President of the ****.
Oh, what's that ****?
Oh, what I get to, got both ones more.
And get to we all voted for.
Did you want this?
Don't, don't, don't.
Lift drum and stupid key.
Don't, don't, don't.
He's even number than me.
He's President of the ****.
Yeah, don't care what it took.
You got him in by a front broad.
With Christian.
All it knows what's best.
You and I, but have no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
With President of the ****.
He's a top ****.
President of ****.
President of ****.
Pense 16, less than two hours.
And they would say bye-bye to the busher crowd.
The Neocons.
Oh, hallelujah.
Oh, happy day.
So here's all these numbers.
We didn't do so bad.
And what did I tell you on Friday?
Because radio, written mo, got all those wired diaries.
We lost the third place by two tenths of a point.
Yeah.
Costs this bonus money.
Audio idiots that wired radio, radio, radio,
radio, radio.
I read it and all course they're not listening to us anyway.
Okay?
Exactly.
Oh my god.
Air via.
Book.
Air via trend.
There's got to be somebody with a whole bunch of wired diaries.
When are we going to get ours?
I think we haven't had them in the past.
But, right?
I'll hold up.
Don't you come apartment in the town?
What?
I said, I'll hold my breath.
It's been a while.
It's been a long time, baby.
Let's see.
WQM here's the ones that are easy to read.
Look at that.
Wow. Look at what?
Well, morning, Sid the kid had a 1.8 and Joe had a 2.9.
7 to 10.
And 5 to 7 a.m. Now, why is that?
Do you see what we did between 2 and 4?
We were not.
Rock solid.
Oh my God.
A 1.1 share?
In fact, let's take a look at the hourly's, OK?
OK.
Oh.
Our four hours, we were at 9 to 10 a.m.
We had a 1.6 year.
This is meant 25 to 54.
Our target demo on all these heteromail intensive stations.
1.6 from 9 to 10 a.m.
Week.
Maybe Drew Rosenstein had something to do with that.
That turned 10 to 11 4.4.
And then a 5.5 from 11 a.m.
Then a 4.5 and a 4.2.
Our 4 hours.
Then a 2 o'clock, a 1.5.
Oh my God.
It's like the radio had some kind of disease, malaria.
3 to 4, 1.2.
And then, mandates starts with a 3.2 following 2 hours of dead air.
How's that the dolphin insider doing 7 to 8 p.m.?
Wow, average quarter hour.
Listen to 600.
Oh, wait till you hear this.
You are going to, because I know you don't look at these.
Right.
I'm looking at them.
I'm looking at them right now along with you.
7 to 8 p.m.
A .8 share 8.8.
8 to 9 p.m.
That's the beginning of the DA share 1.8.
Then then at 9, he slips a little bit.
We go to a point.
Oh.
Oh.
Ah.
On a station with no signal and no audience.
9 to 10 p.m.
We got a point.
Oh.
What's the point?
10 to 11.
11 to 11 to 11.
We got a 1.1.
Oh, my God.
Evenings we got a 1.9.
9 to 10 o'clock.
We got nobody listening.
9 to 10 p.m.
Nobody's listening to Q.A.M.
Nobody.
Is that deflating or what?
Uh, yeah.
Should I press the medium?
Oh, now look at that.
What the hell goes on here from noon to 2.
An IOD.
First two hours we beat.
We tied a large ass from.
Actually, we beat about 100 people quarter hours.
10 to 11 a.m.
We both had a 4.4.
Then we beat the pants off of them.
5.5.
Well, that's not large ass.
Who's on it?
I don't know.
I thought he started it.
Well, that's Glenn Dreck.
That's right.
It was large ass.
Didn't I tell you that?
Yeah.
7.4.7.4.7.5.
All the right wingers during the election time.
We think with Obama winning Florida,
and especially South Florida by that gigantic margin
and a glanslide,
you think we got a little kiss from that little bounce?
We did not.
We didn't.
We didn't get the books.
No, obviously.
We didn't get the Obama bounce.
Now, let's see.
What about the guys across the street who talk a big game
but who suck five to six a.m.
They've got a point.
In fact, from midnight till six in the morning,
they have nobody listening in this book.
Nobody, not not one.
From midnight to 1 a.m.
and five to six a.m.
They've got a point.
Oh, nobody turned it off.
Turn that mother off, baby.
Wow.
A lot of.
Oh, they're at night for all sports for sports talk radio.
Then six to seven in the morning.
They got a 1.1.
Seven to eight.
SIDS got a 0.9.
A 0.9 followed by a 2.8 to 1.7.
Golly, Golly, Miss Molly.
How sad.
How tragic.
That how they do in midday.
Not no little contender.
Okay.
No little contender.
They had a 2 in just one hour.
11 and then they had a 2.1.
Here we had a 5.5.
They talk a big game.
But like I said,
a lot of bastards.
You only went over there with any audience.
He had a 4.3, a 4.2, and a 5.2.
And one of two of three.
And a nighttime.
Look at that.
They did ones also at 9 to 10 p.m.
They had a 0.2.
So if you add our 0.2, you got the point.
And you put the 2.2.
You still got a 0.2.
Is that embarrassing or what?
What?
Oh, in fact,
well we already knew this when the book came out.
We beat him at 9 to 1.0 to a 0.8.
Night time sports talk radio baby.
It's heavy duty.
And this was the fall book.
This was the dolphins with their 11 and 5 season.
And they're tripped to the playoffs.
Antonio, you're sopranos.
Oh my god.
Woo!
What are we going to put on between 2 and 4?
Maybe I need a marks.
Okay.
Sure.
Didn't wasn't the rumor that the bear didn't
very sure us the rumor that the big O is going to nights
and they're blowing DA out.
I don't know.
I mean 9 to 10 p.m.
A point.
Oh, wow.
That is just shocking.
Of course nobody can hear the station at night.
But that's, you know, that's nitpicking.
I have a hell of a lot of trouble during the daytime too.
With all that Cuban melodies in the background.
Fidel.
Let's say a prayer around election day.
Okay.
Long live Obama and Fidel should only croak.
The hell with Fidel.
There's how we're deemed.
I like we had to have many.
So he will swear in the president.
The person who will swear in a vice president Biden
is John Paul Stevens who is the oldest justice at 88 years old.
Oh my god.
88.
Can you imagine living in 88?
I sure can't.
Can you imagine?
Okay.
Let's get back to the show here.
Okay.
We've got all these pile.
I never expected so many numbers.
Wow.
That'll leave anything out.
Let the Ivy Sifilis by the way.
You talk a good game there, Mr. Right Wing Jimmy.
I used to be a dumb jock syphilis.
But he didn't do all that much.
In fact, let's take a puket his number in there.
He had a 3.4.
He was tied for seventh.
Three, five, four, four, two, four.
Two, four.
At nine o'clock.
And we had a one six at nine o'clock.
Well, I'll tell you.
Joe had one good hour, eight to nine.
What are they doing?
Whatever they're doing from eight to nine.
Tell them that's what he needs to do the whole four hours.
One point, one between two and four.
Rock solid.
Even Mo.
Did that much?
He did like a 1.0 and guilty to one point.
Oh.
If I recall correctly.
Remember that?
Yep.
We're having some real issues between two and four.
And that, of course, is after they blew the humpar out.
Which is about what?
A year ago, a year ago, December?
I'm not sure.
I'm telling you, I'm smelling you right now.
A year ago, December.
And jolly joe came along and blew the humpar out.
And then he stuck mad dog in there after two hours in it air.
And screwed up the whole damn lineup.
Scooted all up.
Nice jolly joe.
Even with all the signal problems with the lack of promotion.
All these other things.
I don't think we did that bad.
Did you?
No.
All things considered.
But all these things together.
What?
It's moot.
It's a moot point.
Right.
She's walking with a very steady gauge.
She's a former Arizona politician and still a great politician herself.
Always out there meeting, meeting, greeting.
All right, Jeff.
I want you to stand by.
Yeah, Jeff, you're really killing us with this meeting and greeting stuff.
I mean, talk about my new show.
Let's get the thing going.
1150.
They're going to swear in Biden and then at noon, of course, they swear in Obama.
And then his inauguration speech.
So we'll try to like arrange the spots around everything.
All right.
Well, what do you think that's a good idea?
Great idea.
In fact, I got an idea.
Let's play all the spots now.
Like in order, you know, sure.
Like that.
That was a close up.
It's Mr. Burke to you, dummy.
Tell you what, I'll go take all the rejoins and stops out.
We can just play them all continuously.
Yeah, that's a great idea.
And I'll go back to sleep, taking that.
Shawana, a dedicated fan of the above host, especially Neil.
She says, I've given up on your station's ability to improve the quality of their signal on the radio between the.
Nine static and Cuban station interference.
Any rational person would just change stations.
It is to your station's credit that you have Joe Rosneal, Rogers, and the mad dog, which makes me bear this slow torture and go beyond rationality.
Fortunately, I now have an iPhone like many others in the new century.
Provides us with the ability to stream in an radio as clear as any signal on a radio.
I won't even mention you failed HD radio concept.
Oh, yeah, that went over really big.
How many HD radios are there?
Well, we sure had a lot of dropouts there on the streaming.
What's that all about?
I think it's sabotage.
Must be.
I think it's one parting shot by the Bushmeister.
Anyway, I have asked George, who is part of the New Roger Show to assist and post something on your website.
First to you said, no one then he hung up.
The question people call us show with a point of view, though, Neil and him are very often happy to help listeners with all kinds of miscellaneous questions about the local area, Internet quick fixes, etc.
My point to call him was I shared my point of view that he was lazy.
My request was only spurred on by his station's terrible signal.
He then said live on the air that when he tries to find out answers like this, he's openly mocked by high reps of the station, you should know the answer.
Is this the culture of your station?
Yes.
It seems outrageous to believe that your listeners should suffer through poor quality transmission and then with another technological vehicles that can improve your signal, you're behind the curve again and possibly openly sabotaging efforts of staffed listeners.
Post a link on your Internet site, how to stream your station if you own an iPhone, address culture issues at your station that caused George to feel mocked by higher ups when he wants to improve the show.
You're a sincerely a dedicated fan of the above host, especially Neil.
She says, how do you like that?
Oh, this is written to Joe, but for some reason it came to me.
Maybe he forwarded this to me, do you think?
Maybe.
Dear Sirs, to joawkis.com.
Well, obviously he's going to get right on top of that.
I'm sure.
No. He's on top of it.
He's on top of it.
He's on top of it.
He's on top of it.
Beware of exploding balls.
Good bye, Bush administration.
I wish you painful urination.
You certainly left your mark on American history like a giant ground in the East Tree.
We oughta kick out all your teeth.
Just like Bruce Alini, we'll need some time to recover from eight years of rape
by our Christians and the Jews.
It's your proud to say that you're an NBA, and you're the stupidest of you.
Ails like you, rape our asses wrong without you.
And that's for all you smug white, we're scorned with a lot of time.
Everything you ever knew is completely wrong.
Whatever it is, to color your body.
Oh yeah, everybody get together and scream it.
Bye, bye, bye.
For the neo-cons, for the neo-nazis.
What a brutal eight years man.
How do we survive it?
I don't know what's worse.
The eight years of George W. Bush or the two years of Jolly Joville.
It's been two, it feels like only what about 50, 60 years?
Oh my god.
Look at how it's crows.
There's millions of people there, man.
Morning, the sense of jubilation.
A lot of people know I'm on the Republican side, the conservative side.
Bill, you've got to stand up and cheer.
I said, I will stand up and cheer.
It's American, it's a great day.
Don't bet on it.
I'm sorry.
Gambling, you know, intensive bill, Ben and Hibbickert.
Another fat, turd, right-wing Hibbickert.
Here's one from Peter's spy report on yesterday's show.
Neil, can you please have tapes played the old shows when you're not there?
Absolutely not.
I was listening yesterday to George and Josh.
You know my god, what factory between the two?
Josh Cordis worked yesterday?
No, it was Lee.
Oh, this guy, I don't even know who the hell was on.
No, he just wants to take a shot.
He's going to say something.
I'm surprised they weren't diddling each other during the break-in on the air.
Well, guess what?
I think they were.
Maybe.
I'm glad you're back to boot you up the show.
I think George listener, Peter.
Yeah, Peter, Peter, pumpkin, either.
George and Josh.
Anybody that doesn't know the difference between Josh Cordis and Lee.
Josh did do it.
Josh did do it.
Camille, real quick.
Did he?
Yeah, but that was, what are you saying?
Oh, he met some hot chicks, so we were talking about it.
Oh, are you sorry for that?
Yeah, Josh met somebody over the weekend and he was telling us all about it.
I understand how heterosexual talking sound really gated that guy.
Yeah.
You better watch it.
Edward Edward Edward Edward, whatever his name is, he's been studying.
Yeah, yeah.
You better watch it.
You're plotting your heterosexuality on the air.
Sorry about that.
Even though he does tolerate gay people, that's good.
Congratulations Edward Edward, when you're not reading your crap on the air anymore.
Don't waste your time.
Sorry, time not reading it off to you either.
C.T.S. is I'm a 31 year old white man from Miami.
I must say this is the most hopeful I've ever been, not only for our country, but for the world as well.
By the way, going back to those numbers, I'll interrupt.
I'll get back to C.T.S. I don't want to short-change them.
But it seems to me I could be wrong.
No, let's see, 8 to 9 a.m. Joe had a 4.6 year.
That was the second highest of the day.
Rest of the morning, the number sucked.
We had 4, 4, 5, 5, 4, 5, and 4, 2.
Not sensational about half of what we used to have, but nevertheless considering all things unequal.
8 to 9 a.m. Now, what do you think is the reason for that?
Was it the Danny Marino show?
Maybe it was Alex Marvez, or maybe it was talking about Ethan Skolnik's ball movements.
That always gets a big number, you think?
Must be.
That must be it.
Let's have a lot more talk, boys, about Ethan Skolnik and his smelly ball movements.
Let's get some cameo appearances by Kenny Walker and Miss Bo camper.
They just won't stop doing the same retarded crap over and over again.
But don't get all upset about it, not just relax.
It's a great day for America.
It's a great day for the world.
Somebody like Barack Obama comes along once in a lifetime, maybe.
Maybe once in a lifetime, a Roosevelt Kennedy twice in my lifetime.
Well, actually three times I was a little child.
I was a little child when FDR died in 45.
Anyway, CT says it's in times like these if forever-hawafed, fleeting the moment may be,
that human beings too simplistic nature shines through.
Barack Obama's not only becoming our nation's leader today, but a living symbol of what each of us has within them.
Granted, some more than others.
And that is a kinship, a kinship with each other as a people and as a species.
A legitimate feeling of unity.
I hope that today marks an actual beginning of lasting togetherness and not just a moment of passing Jubilands.
Good luck to us all, Gober acts as CT.
Thanks, CT. Well said.
A little bit over the top, but nevertheless well said.
Anything is a little over the top? A little bit.
Because there are a lot of people who are just miserable, hateful bastards, intolerant, but nevertheless screw them.
Oh, here we go. And by the way, don't ever tell me about the real Mexican food.
Maybe I've just never had real Mexican food.
I know for a fact that I have never had any Mexican food, so I couldn't tell you anything about it.
Caca Pupu.
Really?
Caca.
Can you buy that next to me for like and taco smell? Well, that's not real Mexican. Well, you know what? Maybe that's what's so good about it.
I don't remember anyone ever saying it was.
Oh, I was served another meal.
Where are you now?
La Famae. They all left yesterday.
I see.
Yesterday morning, bright and early.
Yeah.
Bye-bye.
Adios.
Actually, they were very nice, you know, expensive, but very nice.
But anyway, the night before they invited me up to, you know, for another meal.
And I had already eaten, so I didn't want to eat a whole lot.
Thank God.
And they had what they called chili.
And it was like strips of beef, strips of cooked beef, thin strips, in a like chili sauce, very spicy, muy picante.
And it was grotesque.
And then of course, they had a bunch of free hollays next to it.
I see.
Mushi beans, which I didn't touch it. I didn't look at it.
I didn't touch it.
No, my gusto free hollays.
Oh, okay.
No, my gusto.
In other words, fat.
No free hollays for this old Jew. I'll tell you that.
And it was equally as outstanding as that other meal I had a couple weeks ago.
With the ground beef, and carrots.
A pattern.
Huh?
I sense a pattern.
Yeah, of people who can't cook worth a cramp.
Deltona teenager accused of throwing taco ed mom.
Maybe she had it coming.
It said it was taco hell.
Authorities say a central floor to 19 year old threw a taco ed his mother for unplugging his video game system.
Oh, I kicked the bitch in the head.
According to the evolution county sheriff's office, 54 year old Denna more more M.O.I.R.
How would you pronounce that?
More?
Okay.
Why?
Told her son Zachary several times to come downstairs for dinner.
When he didn't respond, she went upstairs and unplugged his Xbox.
She told deputies her son pushed her, called her names, and ordered her out of his F and room.
Zachary later went to the kitchen and threw his taco in his mother's face.
Nice going, Zach.
Zach says, have your taco back from Zach.
Gonna shove it right in your crack.
Denna more told a 9-11 dispatcher.
She had tried to get her son out of the house before.
Zachary more is being held up out there on the evolution county branch jail.
He's charged with domestic violence battery.
A phone message was left for a Denna more listed in Deltona.
Wasn't that nice?
Very nice.
Is the knob guy in my door again or what?
The knobber?
The knobber.
Navio.
Ember Slavio?
Sure.
This is Navio.
Who's all the celebrities there?
The mayor of San Francisco as well, right?
Oh, great honor.
The mayor of Oakland is term-alividant.
The mayor of Oakland is term-alividant.
The attorney is all right.
He was the mayor of Oakland.
Now he's the attorney general.
I stand corrected.
In fact, I just saw him the other night in Washington.
We are literally minutes away from Barack Obama leaving the White House with President Bush.
Both men will travel together and buy limousine to the Capitol, so we've said before.
Don't let the Bushes back in there under any circumstances, please.
No mind.
Floridians, dumb as dirt.
Absolutely.
Uh-huh.
Yes.
She's my reason why we're here now.
Babs just showed up.
Looks like the Quaker Roast died.
Who?
Smell Trump the body roll.
Babs Bush.
Oh, that's a bad one.
Aubrey Bush has body bells and eyes full of her eyes pop down.
It happens when she relies.
She raised for criminal clows.
Babs Bush has body bells and eyes.
And she's testing holes and craft me.
And she raised for quite a bit that she's chasing droughts and takes our breaks to a day.
What does that say?
What's no voice?
What's like she's carrying a moment full of winter size and eyes.
Body bells and eyes.
I think that's a feature for us.
As if she's always surprised.
She's winger when she's taught.
Babs Bush has body bells and eyes.
Three days were short, Bush and Jim Bush.
Not to mention me.
What did Bush feel even to act?
And smells just like the magic sauce.
I'm a big hat.
Babs Bush remembers on his fortnight on a bad day with her.
Body bells and eyes.
She's there.
Babs is there and you're saying who?
He had some backpains.
He was moving some boxes.
And he got some backpains and he went like that.
And now he's in a wheelchair.
So he's on the way out.
Maybe literally is all we can hope for.
Hallelujah.
So anyway, here's one that says from Jay.
Can you put those ratings numbers on your website?
No.
This guy kidding?
Oh, man.
How much work that would be?
Did D for even register a blip?
Yeah, he registered a blip.
Here you go.
Seven to 10 a.m.
How many stations do they rate?
33.
He came in 30 second.
He's been beating out only WNBM with their Haitian melodies or whatever they play.
He had a 0.3 from 7 to 10 a.m.
A 0.3.
Oh, what's the point, Mifo?
What about that right wing?
B.O.T. Joyce Coppon on 850.
Why do you people keep saying B.O.T.?
Can you just say bitch?
It's B.O.T. now.
No, I don't care what it is.
It's a bitch.
No, it'll be bitch against it.
Or the Todd Schmidt show.
Rosenberg was here.
Here comes the greatest line in the history of all emails.
Rosenberg was bragging expected this to be one of his best books.
Oh my God.
Wow.
He had a 1.8.
1.8.
That would be one of his best books.
I didn't see the worst picture he showed me.
You keep forgetting how you're making that up.
Yeah, right.
Sure I am.
A 1.8.
Oh my God.
But then again, you know, like you're hinting at, they lie a lot over there.
They make it up.
Oh, we had 44 billion hits on our website.
That Neil, he, you know, his, a poll.
Bup, up, up.
Yeah, right.
They live in a state of delusion.
Remember, I said that way back in the beginning when they first went on the year.
They think they can talk themselves into numbers.
Either you got them or not.
They're right there in black and white.
They're right there on the page.
And I'm sure that Barry Jack has everybody's favorite all-American boy will be writing about it very soon in the herald.
Anybody still read that rag?
No.
Well, we'll have it.
We'll have Barry.
Hey, Barry.
You fail.
You'll have his crap.
You can't just make it up you guys over there.
I mean, you know, you can't, can't talk about your ratings as you don't have any.
Not that ours are all that great, but compared to the swillet you guys got.
My god, I guess which were the four combined four highest hours on a radio station?
Gee, I don't know.
Midday.
Like always, even though they don't talk about us during the sales meetings.
And they try just like semi-human garbage.
Right.
Now here, here comes, I'm going to Joyce again in a minute.
Really?
Yeah.
I mean, not in a minute, but during the next break.
I'm just giving you advanced warning.
I don't sure why.
I'll be here.
I'll be stuck on the throne.
Here's a typical South Florida sour a hole, okay?
On a day when all these people all over the world, not just in Washington, DC, not just in the USA,
but all over the world are like, finally, oh, happy day.
They're like all whipped up with a little bit of hope for change.
For a positive change.
So did I be ready.
You must be kidding, says, is somebody with all this nonsense about how much hope you have to do with the Obama inauguration.
They're all the same.
You're a public-owner, a Democrat.
It's just a continuation of the same crap.
Right.
This sour, typical South Florida, a hole.
A hole.
A hole?
Not yet.
Oh.
Now you want to let it go.
What is wrong with you?
You are the anti-crash.
That's who you are.
You son of a bitch.
When Jesus was.
Oh, when it was.
When Jesus was.
When how is it going to stop saying, present elect Obama heading to the White House.
I guess what is the capital he's sworn in?
There's that big old limo, man.
Big old limo with American fags on the front.
Speaking of front ass, I'm going to, I'm going to, Joyce.
Maybe right now in the chair.
It would be the first time for whatever.
Somebody says, please tell your listeners if you stream the O's show from the WQAM site.
You don't have to listen to the same four terrible spots you hear if you listen for the needle rodges.com.
Is that true?
I don't know.
If you stream it from the WQAM site, you don't have to hear those same four PSAs all over.
That's what this guy says.
It sounds to me.
You know, it says crap.
It's a regular emailer.
Oh, and here's another one.
Sid today was copying your stuff still.
He was talking about Jewish names and how to pronounce them.
Oh, oh, God.
Oh, you vase me.
Oh, yeah.
This is going to be one of his biggest books ever.
Wait till the next one.
Wait till the one that starts with a, oh, we had a lot of that all the way around.
Can you believe at nine o'clock in the night when people are still awake?
We had a point.
Oh, like that.
Sure.
That's the a man.
He is kicking some serious ass his own.
And you told me he was a great forecast.
No, no, no.
Say it right.
Speaking of that, Paul says, don't let the idiots fool you.
George, are they vacuuming in the hall out there?
I don't know.
They're vacuuming in my hall.
Well, good.
Not enough that they're yanking my knob.
They're also vacuuming the floor out there in a hallway right in the middle of my show.
Goes together if you ask me.
Paul said, don't let the idiots fool you.
George is in a great show yesterday.
Go all by.
I hope his presidency is as promising as he proposed in his campaigns, his Paul.
Well, let's all hope.
Let's put our hands and legs together and hope like hell.
Because he is just an amazing guy.
He really is every time you watch him speak, he just astonished.
It's just breathtaking that there can be anybody a person like this in a world so full of dumb and articulate idiotic people like the ones who are leaving the White House today.
Oh, dumb is enough.
That's an insult to all dumb people.
I take it back.
John says I have an HD radio, but WQM signal still sucks ass.
Other HD stations come in just fine.
Well, how is that possible?
I thought the whole concept of HD was that there's no interference that it's queer as a bell.
Ain't it?
I don't know.
Anybody else?
Of course, you know, this guy has an HD radio.
He's probably the only one.
I'd like to have one.
How many are there in the world?
I don't want to exaggerate.
I think probably in a whole world there are A-I-H-D radios.
How come that sounded like that?
Like that.
Well, that thing was better.
I'm not as quick on the uptake as I used to be.
I'm a dotering old fool.
You know that.
Oh, yeah.
My God.
So there's the big entourage and all the limos and they're heading to the capital now from wherever the hell they just were.
Washington DC is a different place from the place it is today.
Anderson.
The partisanship is not here today.
We're not going to leave this shot of the motorcade.
How do you got Pennsylvania Avenue towards the U.S. Capitol?
It will be in the lower right hand corner of your screen.
We're going to take a big break.
This will be the last break we take before the swearing and ceremony and the inauguration of Barack Obama.
Our coverage will continue.
Oh, great.
Thanks a lot, Wolf.
I just remember Wolf, Israel first.
How can he still be on the air?
You know, I mean, how come they haven't exposed him for the fraud and the shield that he really is?
Because all the rest of them are to why?
Because all the rest of them are as well.
Oh, not solely dad.
She's my favorite journalist.
She's the wheel deal.
A little baby talk news.
Let's have some baby talk commentary on the inauguration and on important world events.
From the most famous baby talker of them all, little solely dad.
Come on, solely dad.
Maybe we ought to have like a solely dad doll.
Okay.
See an incoherent market, the solely dad doll.
In fact, they could have a doll for each one of their people.
They could have a hyperventilating rick's edge as doll.
And they could have the professional Yidd doll for Wolf Blitzkrieg.
Feeded blinces.
And it actually eats them and excreites.
And excreites, excreites, which is what I'm going to do in a minute.
I'm going to Joyce.
I don't know why I feel the need to tell the world that, but it's a data Joyce and rejoice.
Isn't it?
And that what they're telling us?
Right.
I haven't gotten to the poll or anything.
I don't know.
Did you do a poll yesterday?
Yeah, the one I put on.
Yeah, exactly.
I thought it was just fine.
I beg your pardon?
That poll.
Oh, the one I put on there, yeah.
Who has higher ratings?
Joseph Gackie or George?
Well, neither one of them has any ratings because a George had a great summer book.
Thank you.
And Joseph Gackie doesn't have any ratings because he doesn't have a show.
Schmuck, this guy sent me the same stupid question eight million times.
The midget and the art dealer need an extension, meaning the owners of the Marlins.
They say the new stadium will be ready till 2012.
Tell them they can make a deal to play at Lockhart Stadium.
They won't even sell that place out.
We don't care about the Marlins, okay?
The Marlins?
Nigel's assistant, George is being a hard ass as usual.
I look to offer my assistants to those having trouble streaming the Neil Rogers show with their iPhone.
If they send me an email at yada yada yada, I gladly forward them the instructions.
Maybe this could help your numbers a lot in the next book.
I'm not plugging his email.
You think I should?
You guys should.
Whatever.
See what I tried to explain yesterday that these people are taking the wrong way is that.
Oh, wait till you hear this.
Forget about that.
All right.
Barry Jackass, I spoke to Howard Davis at the ticket.
He says the numbers are skewed and can't wait for Arbor Tron to bring the PPM service to the market.
The numbers are skewed.
Yeah.
Yeah, we agree with that.
Yeah, they're this skewed, all right, but not against you guys.
We can't wait.
They can't wait.
They're consistent.
They consistently have no numbers.
Right.
One book that can be, you know, an aberration can be anything one or two books.
But when for like two, three years however long they've been trying to force feed that crap, they get no number.
The numbers are skewed.
That's always a good excuse.
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your brain.
Uh-oh.
Any questions?
My hand's been a little bit tightly.
I only have this much mental.
I declare bankruptcy.
We're all scraping for some dough.
All our payments are must be high.
But kid wants them to be.
She's the latest mobile.
But I'm in the unadpunted life.
She complains to her mother.
She needs the best clothes in town.
But my daughter gets treated well broke.
She's spending me to the ground.
I'm broke till my daughter.
No she don't realize.
Daddy's gonna spank me.
From my daughter.
You're daddy's little girl.
You're dad.
Took money for this group book fair.
Let me just go shopping.
New graduates are asking for breast implants.
1202, guess who they just showed in the crowd?
Ray Naganhead, one of the biggest knuckleheads who ever came down the pike.
Oh my god.
I've only broken down a chain.
You know, why?
I've only broken down a chain to CNN since that's what you're talking about.
I can see who you're talking about.
I'm gonna be in charge of swearing in.
Oh, there's that A-hole Antonin Scalia, that Nazi son of a bitch.
There's the injustices.
There are justices.
One of the justices decided not to attend as we heard earlier.
For just two of you events in our government.
Oh, there's clients token Thomas.
I wonder what he's got to say about all this.
That right wing.
That's what you're talking about.
I'm just gonna say that I'm not gonna be in charge of swearing in.
I'm gonna be in charge of swearing in.
I'm gonna be in charge of swearing in.
I'm gonna be in charge of swearing in.
I'm gonna be in charge of swearing in.
I'm gonna be in charge of swearing in.
I'm gonna be in charge of swearing in.
I'm gonna be in charge of swearing in.
I'm gonna be in charge of swearing in.
I'm gonna be in charge of swearing in.
I'm gonna be in charge of swearing in.
I'm gonna be in charge of swearing in.
I'm gonna be in charge of swearing in.
Yeah.
You know what I mean by that?
What do you mean by that?
I'm not trying to like downplay it because it's an exciting, wonderful, great enthusiasm
of filling day.
But I'm just a wee bit tired of some of these same gene Robinson and all those same hacks
they have on MSNBC all the time.
Oh my God.
Good.
Gully.
And then this, what's his name?
What was he?
It was just on a second ago.
David Gurgon.
He's like stuck inside your TV set.
He's in there.
You know what I mean by that?
Yep.
There is a 56th presidential in the federal committee.
And this is gonna be a little bit about what is gonna happen in the next step.
And Anderson's pooper.
Oh, do I have to hear him?
Oh my God.
Brandon says your stream in the WQA, the stream is exactly the same.
The links are even the same.
That guy's just a stupid ass.
Well, it wouldn't be the only one.
Thanks, Brandon.
How do you like that?
Some guy trying to give us his son an answer.
Oh, you won't have to.
I think probably it's cordous.
Try to build up more track.
Speaking of that, what I was trying to say earlier, when you interrupted me with a,
not nearly as interesting email, what I was trying to explain on the air yesterday is that
it opens up a huge can of worms.
As you know, when you try to help anyone, when you try to offer his tech support,
because it goes like this, you tell them how to do it and we can even post something.
And then if it doesn't work, you'll get all these people that can't figure it out,
calling on or writing and bugging you all the time, because they can't figure it out.
Although I am going to go and get with Josh Cordis and see if we can put a link somewhere
with the information that these people need, because I understand they need the bit rate and things like that,
so that they can configure their iPhones or whatever other phone they want to stream the stuff on.
And then good luck to them.
Well, good.
So we're going to do it?
Yeah, but it's just a, it's not going to be an easy, oh, here's the answer kind of a thing to do.
I'm going to have to go and talk to someone.
Oh, yeah, and you know how that can be.
Oh, yeah, especially in that place.
Sean says white boy from Miami super stoked about Obama getting in company by once today,
so we can watch the inauguration kudos to you for spotting Obama early on.
That's right kudos to me.
I told you a long time ago he was the man.
Also told you he was going to get win in the landslide.
Oh, no, no, you're wrong.
This country will never vote for a black guy.
Yeah, right.
Never thought this would happen not so much because of the color of Obama's skin,
but for a level of his intelligence, especially after our country elected Bush twice,
didn't think we had it in us.
Especially after they elected Christmas a long time ago,
the inarticulate Dwight Eisenhower, who couldn't speak with a crep against a great intellectual Adelaide Stevenson,
who was an egghead who was heads and shoulders above the average dummies out there.
And that's back in the 50s back when people weren't as dumb as they are today.
They weren't as dumbed down as they are now.
And then Sean says George and Flea were great yesterday.
Don't understand why George doesn't have his own show.
There's such a sharp trap in the ratings when your show signs off.
Why wouldn't what do you laugh at about?
Why wouldn't you try to keep the audience because George doesn't know anything about sports?
I know more than I want to know that's not, but it still wouldn't talk about it.
Think that Waller football is keeping the rate high ratings out.
Last look shows the sports stock format continues to decline.
Maybe Joe Hell will get the message before 122112.
What does that mean? What's the significance of that date?
I don't know.
Oh, that's the end of the world.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot about that.
I'll keep reminding you.
Skeeter Davis in the end of the world.
I'd rather hear O'Hapy Day by the Edwin Hawkins Singers again.
O'Hapy Day. This is the day.
Bye-bye, Bushmeister.
Take all your neo-Nazis with it.
You son of a bitch.
You murdering Bastard.
And kiss the ground that you're not going off to death row somewhere.
O'Hapy Day.
You and your-
Oh, there's a tipper in the L.
I've come here because you're a descendant of slaves.
You see the former vice president's coming and you saw Dan Quail outdoor.
And there's Walter Mondale.
Oh, Walter Mondale.
Oh, boy. Did he kick some serious ass or what?
You're going to be seeing and hearing from them.
You're not going to be hearing from them. You can be seeing him.
And there's Dan Quail all puffy.
He's got- he still hangs third chin. Look at that.
Can you believe that?
Look at that, Quail.
They got all puffed up and the dumber than dirt though.
Still.
Okay, let's take a look at the poll before we continue with all the festivities and activities.
Dan Quail, dumber than dung.
559 votes on today's poll.
If I hit the power ball, the first thing I would do besides quit my job is travel around the world 145.
That's what I voted.
Invest it wisely. 104.
Make a list of all the friends and family I want to give money to 95.
I'm already doing that.
Leave South Florida 77.
Get a divorce and bang only young chicks 47.
Buy a big bag of the good stuff 40.
Send Georgia big check to quit the show 17.
Run Jimmy Cifalus out of town 12.
Oh, he's doing a good job with that himself.
Marginal book there, Jimmy.
Marginal book.
I notice I don't have any emails for me today bragging about always your kicked your ass.
Yeah, right.
Check into an expensive rehab 10.
Go to the track and up my bet six and become immersed in my favorite charity six.
Oh, yeah, that's in last place.
I wonder why out of 559 vote.
What was the poll yesterday?
Let's see, view previous.
Is it worth going into?
No, what are you going to be doing on the last day?
That's all such a bunch of crap.
It's like the Y2K craft.
Same thing.
Oh, it's going to be the end of the world on such and such a date and the audio, audio, audio.
It is written.
It is written and nostril.
They must have said this and this one said that.
And Milton Burrell said this Uncle Milti.
He's dead by the way.
Uncle Milti takes out.
Why don't we have a holiday and named after him?
We otter.
Don't you think?
He was like Mr. Television.
He was like, you know, and then one of the pioneers man.
Him and Steve Allen before Steve turned into a real right-wing prude.
Well, how about we just find out what his birthday is and start celebrating?
Milton Burrell today.
Google it.
Okay.
Do it.
Do it.
How have I show you yesterday by the way, corner of that guy?
You and Flea.
Yeah, yeah.
So Howard Davis is the numbers are skewed.
Yeah, skew you Howard.
You guys suck.
You got La Bastard and nothing else.
Nothing else.
Here you go.
The QA of streaming is the same bolshmit spots as the Neal site.
Joyce Bitch and McGruff the slime dog.
That guy needs to clean his ears out.
Oh, and Dr. Walts is on now.
Who's Dr. Walts?
That was it.
Well, he must be doing one of the spots on the streaming.
Oh, here you go.
If you'd like to stream to the Aradja show, here's what to do.
And it's got all the instructions on this.
Oh, boy.
Do this.
Do that.
Mm-hmm.
Please note that you may have to launch your Safari browser or email to establish an internet connection
before launching F-stream.
Says Nigel.
Should I forward that to Eric?
Yes.
You sure?
Yes.
But you don't even know what it says.
You had a Fritz writer or what you don't know.
But we will figure it out.
See, and also Eric knows a thing or two about computers and streamings and whether or not he owns an iPhone or not.
He has a better chance of figuring it out than I do, being a technical kind of guy.
Yeah.
So he can sit through all of that and then post something appropriate that works.
So you have no way of testing to see if any of this stuff works because once again, I don't have an iPhone.
Do you think it's appropriate that Al Gore is there?
Of course, they got all the living former vice presidents, but it's appropriate.
He's there because he won the 2000 election and in Florida right there in front of your very noses got screwed.
That's why we had the next eight years because the Supreme Court, the Nazis on the Supreme Court handed the presidency to the Nazis, the Neocons who took it over for eight agonizing years.
And of course, don't forget Kenneth Blackwell and Ohio helped them fix it again in 2004.
What a what a force.
Neil Obama will change nothing.
Obama's a corporate puppet in three months.
The halo will fall off says Richard will screw you, Dick.
Screw you.
All you negative.
I mean, give me a chance for quite a lot.
It's another 58 minutes or 48 minutes before it gets sworn in.
Give me a chance to get sworn in.
Here's one that says I can't understand how such a celebratory day like today, you can still find something to complain in bitch and moan about.
This guy sucks.
I'm tired of this guy.
I want to go back to the regular show.
The regular show sucks.
What is that?
I told myself I wouldn't email the complaint on a day like this.
So I'm going to stop.
Great show yesterday, George.
Oh, this is your mother.
The bitch can't stop bitching even on a great celebratory day like today.
Here's one from the fake Larry King.
You think Anita Marx is taking over for D.A.
I get rid of the Kimba Bull camp or he's ponderous.
Yeah, Anita Marx is taking over for Kimba.
There's something in the works.
There's something in the wind.
Can you smell it?
Hmm.
Oh, must be all those people, those huddle masses there in DC.
The bomb is about to be announced, we believe.
We believe.
First, Mr. Mrs. Bush.
Mr. Mrs. Bush.
Let him.
I agree to it by your request to drink in Russia.
How many of you are women in the wheelchair?
Do you see that?
There is Mr. Mrs. Walker.
I'll be orange.
I think it was once he did his dady.
The press on Bush.
The parents of the current.
Banker to the Nazis.
Remember that press god Bush?
Yep.
Hit loose bunny.
Yep.
And there's Bams.
He looks like she's going to.
She might not make it through the day today.
And then we can have a big party.
Bams Bush.
Let me 13 at 560 WQM more per me on god.
The nooks there toe to namba.
Right wing is drilling it over and over and to our hits.
Daddy rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
3,000 people killed.
Are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be gotten.
Going after Saddam too.
Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of.
The name been laudant.
But no one seems concerned all.
Come be in complacent.
Believe in every word of this cartel administration.
That controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing.
It's drilling it over and over and to our hits.
Daddy rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the rise that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ash drop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Table talkers all are saying.
Blind obedient cattle don't have any reservations.
Bout a provoked battle and world annihilation.
Old regimes must fall in haliburton and scope.
With no objection at all.
Then the crap don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over.
To operate was dead.
I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Old man pushing.
Old man really bad.
I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
I brought bad news of the bad news.
She looks like a spray chicken completely old man.
You see him with a cane?
Yeah, I saw him.
Humbling around.
And he walks like, you know, from one leg back.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, like rocks back and forth.
Yeah, he rocks back and forth.
He's a rockin.
Oh, and speaking of rockin,
because Fred says I'm glad Obama's in by can't stand the coverage.
I don't know which is worse.
The talking head wannabes or the husband entertainments is Fred and Boka.
I guess he doesn't know that the Jonas Brothers are going to be entertaining.
Yeah, they are.
Did you know that?
No.
Wow.
Don't get started again.
You get another email from that Eddie G. Robinson.
What her name is?
Edward G. Robinson.
Yeah.
No Eddie Robinson played first base for the Yankees.
So remember last year, Fred, I was asking about Ram Emmanuel.
Who will be able to be his chief of staff?
Yes.
And I was asking, you see, Jewish.
I mean, what a stupid question by me, right?
He's so Jewish, it's unbelievable.
Emmanuel was born in Chicago.
His father, Benjamin, Benjamin, Emmy,
a Jerusalem-born pediatrician was a member of the Irgun.
Terrorist.
His mother, Martha Schmulovitz.
You think he could be Jewish?
His mother's name was Martha Schmulovitz.
It was daughter of a Chicago youth and organizer.
Oh, tomorrow it's going to be talking about Jewish names again.
He worked in the civil rights movement on briefly a local rock and roll club.
Emmanuel's older brother Ezekiel Emanuel is an oncologist and biopathicist
and his brother Arya Emanuel is a Hollywood talent agent.
He has an adopted sister, Shoshana, 14 years his junior.
Emanuel's first name, Ram, and it shows the spelling in Hebrew.
High or lofty in Hebrew is the namesake of one, Rahameem,
which means mercy in Hebrew, killed in the 1940s,
fighting for the outlawed Zionist group Lehi.
The serial name Emanuel adopted by the family in honor of the father's brother Emanuel,
our Bach killed in Jerusalem during a skirmish with the Arabs means God is with us.
Isn't that what the Nazi said the same thing too? God is with us?
Yeah.
Right on their beltpuckles.
God is mit Ones.
Sources conflict as to whether the family changed its name from our Bach in 1933 or 38.
But they did change it. Our Bach was good enough for Red Hour Bach.
Why wasn't good for Ram Emanuel, huh? Ram our Bach.
He's very, he's not just Jewish.
He's almost as Jewish as a wolf, let's agree.
But then again, can anybody be more Jewish than that?
Now what do we, I don't want to get backed up.
There's Baba and Swillery.
Health, I'm very healthy.
See how the Jewish family are arriving.
There's the bushwinds that you're so hot for.
The lower bush will be the next ones, be seated.
After the Obama's have arrived and have been seated the first,
again, there'll be a call to order.
Some welcoming remarks for Senator Diane Feinstein.
And then the invocation by Rick Warren.
Oh!
And then we meet the Franklin singing my country's visit date.
Rick Warren.
The first thing he's going to say is kill them faggots, kill them faggots.
The joint fee threshold for the individual, serenbody.
And they're saying one of the first things Obama's going to do is get rid of Don't Ash don't tell.
That worked really good for Baba, didn't it?
The reason they're going to prove it all those tickets are distributed and those who are supposed to be up close to,
and there are the ones who get to be up close.
It's not a deal.
There's all that in all the books.
I suppose there's 41.
Boy, he's looking like he's on his last leg.
Wow.
Wouldn't that be, that would really be a double celebration today.
Obama gets to win with Biden and the old Bushmeister, a bites the dust.
Some of the celebrities gave about $50,000 each to attend.
I paid that money to the inauguration fund.
I got them tickets to the ceremony to pray and to a ball as well.
After a reed throw Frank Al Goreler's wouldn't in Stagia, I guess that's not a bulletin.
We'll have the oath administered by Associate Justice Steven.
The vice president's oath is different than the oath that the president takes.
The president's oath is written into the Constitution.
The vice president's oath is the same oath taken by members of Congress.
There are the kids, Belia and Sasha.
They're walking in and you can hear this crowd roar from where we are at that picture of Sasha and Belia.
It's too very popular, little kid.
Yeah, it's popular as the...
By the way, are you idiots out there that want to send me all these negative emails about Obama
and you think it's going to change?
You're going to have to go to hell.
There's one of my commenters.
You go to hell.
I don't take a detour on the way. Go straight to hell.
Don't collect the 200 bucks.
I'm very happy that Michelle Obama's mother Mrs. Robinson is going to...
May accuse me of being negative.
Oh, can't we get somebody less negative than you Rodgers on the air?
Can we get somebody so negative?
Negative my ass.
This is one of the great...
Breath of Fresh Air.
Oh, just take a breath of it.
Can you handle it?
Guess who died, by the way.
I don't know, Miltonborough.
Somebody we never heard of.
No, Miltonborough, yeah.
Did you find out when he was born?
Yeah, July 12th.
July 12th is Miltonborough Day on the Neo-Rodger show, market in the calendar when you get a chance.
All right.
Robert Deckeru.
He helped invent the processes necessary to create the microwave oven.
Died in Ashwin, New Hampshire, he was 82.
He lived in the Amherst.
He died Sunday after suffering from Alzheimer's last 17 years.
He invented the process necessary to create the microwave.
He probably forgot how he did it.
According to his family, he was a Massachusetts native who went to work for Rayathon.
After winning his doctorate in chemistry.
It was there that he started working for microwave energy food applications.
It was on the first to come, stuff a food scientist.
His daughter, Karen Ross of Auburn Main, says she remembers her father experimenting with a refrigerator-style prototype microwave in the family's basement in the 60s.
Can you imagine if your microwave was the size of your refrigerator?
Wow.
Well, you could nuke some heavy-duty ice cream.
All the Ben and Jerry's flavors at the same time.
And that could nuke a side of me.
New names.
The best talents.
You don't believe in your magic, sir.
New.
YAH!
Some perfect unzipped is why.
To get serviced by a guy.
You fending in the bathroom, Saul.
He'll stick his junk right through the wall.
Glow!
We hope we know what knows your name.
Why would someone do this deed?
To evacuate this seed?
Why not meet guy's face to face instead of such a stinky place?
Glow!
We hope we know what knows your name.
We hope we know what knows your name.
1131-560-W-A-M.
Happy Tuesday to inauguration day.
It's a day-oh there's W.
We've got that look on it as a push.
He's just ready to be a genius as well.
He's walking out escorted by the top of a Republican leadership in the US Congress.
You know what he looks like?
Because you got a dog and I'm sure you've had more than one dog in your life.
You don't want a dog that drops a pile in the house?
Oh yeah.
And that look on the dog's face when you see it.
You discovered a dog.
Oh geez, I just dropped a big pile and they found it.
And somebody's going to be really...
Look at those beanie eyes starting around from the outgoing president.
Oh, what wonderful words I never thought we'd survive it.
He's inside the crypt in the road time though.
He's inside the crypt.
Good, let him stay there.
He's inside the crypt.
What the hell does that mean?
And they'll be followed by Barack Obama.
They'll be walking out.
Michelle, now take a look at her and the exuberance that she emits.
And then take a look at Laura Bush.
And you see trailer trash redneck written all over her face.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, that's the one.
President Bush is supposed to board executive one, helicopter,
which will take him to Andrews Air.
Michelle's getting a kiss from everybody.
I thought W. Grammell holder her ass earlier.
Did you see that?
He won a little piece of that.
Next hour.
Yeah, there's no doubt about that.
And there's no doubt that the entire world is watching right now as we broadcast what's going on.
He's smiling.
The people think he's going to be pretty happy going back to Texas and Britain's on him a bit enormous.
Oh, not as happy as we are.
Kelly says first thing Obama needs to do is give Congress dental coverage.
So Barney Frank can get some teeth.
Good point.
Barney Faggy always looks like he's got like a like he's sucking on a quince or something.
What is a quince?
I don't know.
Want me to look it up?
I've said that for years, you know, because I heard somebody once say that.
It's it's some kind of a fruit.
I imagine.
Not that Barney Frank would ever be, you know, diddling with a fruit, but nevertheless.
Yeah, quince.
You know what it is?
I'll send you a picture.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Have you ever seen one?
I mean, like I'm close and personal for me.
Yeah, quince.
Maybe it was just a coincidence.
John says if the, there's so much technical stuff here, do I feel a need to apologize?
In addition to which you're going to know something to do the breaks early so we can get Biden swearing in his VP.
And then at noon we'll be ready for the inauguration and the whole deal.
But of course the spots all have to get on.
I hope I'm sure the audience by now is well trained enough to understand that's all we're really here for is the spots.
We've been telling them that for a long time.
John says if the HD radio picks up the signal that comes through without any interference, however the station doesn't pump enough power to the HD signal, the HD radio has traveled picking up the signal in the first place.
WQM doesn't put enough power into it.
I do like the HD radio because many stations broadcast multiple signals on the same frequency.
For example, then he's got a list.
How do you like that?
So we're not putting enough, we're not pumping it hard enough.
That's the problem, jolly.
We're not pumping the signal hard enough.
Pump it harder.
It sounds like David Gurgen to me again.
Oh my god.
I think I'm going over to MSNBC.
Maybe the commentators on there will be more.
Oh, there's Chaney in the wheelchair.
Old man bushes is schlepping around with that cane.
Looks like he's going to fall down and there's Chaney with the wheelchair and a cane.
How'd you like to have the cane consistent this morning?
Sure.
Maybe he's in the street goal show.
Probably the most influential vice president for good or for bad in the history of the United States of America.
So the key to the human treatment of the shot.
You go key.
You can ask.
Kick him out of the wheelchair.
As he was making preparations to leave the vice presidency.
He had to be better over the other.
He had to be better over the other.
Ladies and gentlemen, the president of the United States.
The honorable George Walker Bush.
And the vice president of the United States Dick Chaney, a company by Senate Republican leader.
Senator Mitch McConnell.
Senator Rott.
This guy is he's his position.
Representative John Painer and secretary for the minority.
David Chiapa.
I saw you up there.
We're another 24 minutes.
Keep cranking in that old happy day by the Edward Hawkins singers a little bit.
You know, I'm thinking Hitler the difference being that Hitler was a lot smarter.
There's your vibe like Kathy.
He's smiling big time.
Right to the M.I. wife.
There's Bubba.
Got her.
So the president and vice president are out.
Next will be the vice president of X.
And then guess who we are.
However, at least 15 minutes behind the official schedule.
Oh no.
Whether this will draw out as we see.
There's Harry Reid.
He don't look a day of 110.
To read.
Oh no, it was Gregory, after all.
Hey, Greg.
The best talent.
You don't bring it back.
Yeah, get baby.
Take me out to the bush, bash.
Join the Fahrenheit crowd.
Hiding Crawford when we start attacks.
Stay a month or just never come back.
Cause it's my line, line to the public.
We're sick in tide of your schemes.
So it's two, three, four years you're out of your white house dream.
Oh, if only, if only 2004 they wouldn't have stolen the election.
Again, great, but they did it so well the first time.
Senator Robert Benning, the speaker of the House of Representatives in Nancy Pelosi.
Oh, Senator, the Georgia leader, Senator Harry Reid, House of the Georgia leader,
Representative Stady Hoyer, House Republican leader, Representative John Fagler.
By the way, it's Diane Feinstein, and of course, so we know it's Geldig Geldstein.
Remember we're talking about how you pronounce Goldstein, Goldstein, Steen?
It's Geldig Geldstein.
Somebody better tell Geldig how to pronounce his name.
One of the Jonas Brothers is going to perform.
Can I ask you a question?
I don't want to turn into a racial thing, but how many white people live in Washington, DC?
Ladies and gentlemen, the President-elect of the United States, Barack H. Obama.
Thank God he didn't say who's singing.
The Chinese have a word to describe him.
You know what it is?
What?
Manch. He's a real manch.
He's a real manch.
He's a real manch.
This way, please.
I can see it.
Me?
Please just let me take your seats.
There will be some brief delay before the formal program begins, but perhaps not a very long one.
Five minutes built into the schedule.
I don't think they're going to use them, because we're about 20 minutes behind what the anticipated schedule would be.
And we don't want to postpone that.
Ladies and gentlemen, this chairman of the Joint Congressional Committee on inaugural ceremonies, the Honorable Diane Pikesny.
Mr. President and Vice President, Mr. President-elect and Vice President-elect, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the inauguration of the 44th President of the United States of America.
The world is watching today as our great democracy engages in this peaceful transition of power.
Here on the National Mall, where we remember the founders of our nation and those who fought to make it free, we gather to etch another line in the solid stone of history.
The freedom of a people to choose its leaders is the root of liberty.
In a world where political strife is too often settled with violence, we come here every four years to bestow the power of the presidency upon our democratically elected leader.
Those who doubt the supremacy of the ballot over the bullet can never diminish the power engendered by non-violent struggles for justice and equality, like the one that made this day possible.
No triumph tainted by brutality could ever match the sweet victory of this hour, and of what it means to those who marched and died to make it a reality.
Our work is not yet finished, but future generations will mark this morning as the turning point for real and necessary change in our nation.
They will look back and remember that this was the moment when the dream that once echoed across history from the steps of the Lincoln Memorial finally reached the walls of the White House.
In that spirit, we today not only inaugurated new administration, we pledge ourselves to the hope, the vision, the unity, and the renewed call to greatness inspired by the 44th president of the United States for rock Obama.
Thank you and God bless America. At this time, I call upon Dr. Rick Warren, pastor of the Shadowback Church in White Forest, California to provide the invulnerate.
Let us pray.
This is for your glory. History is your story. Your story. Is that what he said? Yes, your story tells us hero Israel. The Lord is our God. The Lord is one.
And you are the compassionate and you're carrying this guy. Why? Why?
Because I want to see waiting against the purposes of all of the Faggot's I say. Oh, well, the hell with him Jimmy Dorsky says, can you please hit the old button about a thousand times?
I want to earn a new president and follow up with as many you fairy drops for W being finally a victim from the house and office he never earned a deserved.
I hope everyone I love everyone right now. So Jimmy, I love you. Enjoy it and your show that's kept me laughing that past eight miserable years. And most of all, I love America. What a great day. Oh, Jimmy's all choked up. How do you like that? My Johnson says what a great day. One Barack Obama going into office to 20 cent tacos all day of Taco Bell. Really? I'm not sure which is more significant. Well, if that's my good for my ears. And I know where I'm stopping off after work today. Really? Really?
And here's a quince all these years are said something about looks like he's sucking on a quince. Yeah, I say green persimmons personally because I don't say that.
Sedonia, Ablanga. Say what no? That's the side what you emailed us to me. I know.
Wow. Quince is grow much like an aval's can grow in areas having a deep winter freeze. But it will can be in fresh produces prepared in a variety of reposes.
The quince has thought to originate from Persia, but is known to have also been cultivated in Greece and Turkey. Today, the quince is growing all over the world. The mighty quince.
Forgive us. My rule, I thought no.
The train our fellow human beings are in cacahol with the respect that they deserve. Forgive us. All of these things.
We face these difficult days ahead. May we have a new birth, a clarity in our age. Freedom from religion. That's what the world needs.
Most of all, man, most of all, best of all freedom from religion freedom from a bunch of crazy people who want to impose their stone age mentality on all the rest of us.
On the five thousand or so of us who are thinking people living and breathing, thinking people who use our brain as opposed to being brainwashed.
Look at the tears net, all ladies eyes going together. See that she's got a tear roll down her cheek. And that's because she's been very well brainwashed by the church.
I'm not sure which they do better. They kill people, steal people's money or brainwashed.
I think the child butt rape is the worst child butt rape. Yeah, but but but as Lysiter would say, but but as poor Bob Lysiter too many couldn't live to see this day.
You know, he would have been emotional.
This is Brady Quinn. Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour.
The first word in mind, we must you reach her.
I chose a top of it.
Biden Jr. is solemn.
I chose this problem. Biden Jr. knew to solemnly swear that I was support and the fan.
Against all enemies, for and the best that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same.
I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same.
That I take this obligation freely.
I take this obligation free without any mental reservation or purpose of the day.
Without any mental reservation or purpose of the nation.
And that I will well and faithfully discharge.
And that will well and faithfully discharge.
The duties of the office on which I am about to enter.
The duties of the office on which I'm about to enter.
So help me, God. So help me, God. Thank you Mr. Judge.
You're welcome.
So let me ask you this question. How many people live in Delaware?
About 30, man.
Okay. I'm just curious.
I know about overdowns.
I know Brandon Givings is involved.
And we have a new vice president.
The next part of the ceremony. I think you can guess.
It's my pleasure to introduce a unique musical performance.
Mr. It's not permanent.
It's hot.
Anthony McGill, who are the people they've do.
She is the fine-steen stunt. It's hot.
And Gabriella Bajero.
Get it right, honey. It's just hot.
Forming air and simple gifts.
A composition arranged for this occasion by John Williams.
Do you want to hear this?
No, you can hear your rethrough.
And by the way, she started out my country, Tizadi.
And unfortunately for your rethrough, she separated that first word,
the second word there.
You separated the syllables badly.
And it came off like chicken neck likes to do with that word.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I don't want to say that she's got a problem now,
but now that we got a new administration,
maybe they'll lighten up a little bit.
We really hope.
Oh, it's hot, permanent, baby.
The great violinist.
Not to be confused with the great pianist.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
The St. John's brother.
Now, here's a marginally interesting email.
It says, you're an interesting, exact transcript of Obama's speech word for word
as it was actually given you get it approximately an hour after the speech has been coded.
The project Gutenberg evoke number.
So, do we care about that?
No.
You are so cynical, man.
Oh, you're right.
We don't care.
Thanks anyway. We don't care.
We'll hear it. We'll listen live.
In fact, don't you think it would be a great opportunity to take the first break early?
I don't want to like Jam a whole bunch of spots together, but we need to.
I mean, don't you think we're going to want to listen to what he has to say,
is an inaugural address?
Sure.
But we can do it.
We can do what?
Both.
Well, how about we do some spots?
Let's do that.
Oh, well, let's do that now.
You see that?
The Chief Justice just screwed him up and he put me to the, um,
sorry, you know, bomb.
See the lock? Yeah, I do.
He put me to the screw, the lock.
What the shit?
Remember, you burned it?
Oh, they had all of those.
Firewood.
Don't start.
Hold the head of giant cannon over there.
There it is.
Just the American F and Way, baby, those big old cannons.
Remember Frank Cannon?
Yeah.
It is my great personal honor to present the 44th president of these United States for
Obama.
Thank you.
Thank you.
My fellow citizens.
I stand here today, humbled by the task before us.
Great pleasure.
I thank President Bush for his service to our nation.
As well as the generosity and cooperation he has shown throughout this transition.
44 Americans have now taken the presidential oath.
The words have been spoken during rising tides of prosperity and the still waters of peace.
Yet every so often, the oath has taken amidst gathering clouds and raging storms.
At these moments, America has carried on not simply because of the skill or vision of those in high office,
but because we, the people, have remained faithful to the ideals of our forebears and true to our founding documents.
So it has been, so it must be with this generation of Americans.
That we are in the midst of crisis is now well understood.
Our nation is at war against a far-reaching network of violence and hatred.
Our economy is badly weakened, a consequence of greed and irresponsibility on the part of some,
but also our collective failure to make hard choices and prepare the nation for a new age.
Homes have been lost, jobs shed, businesses shudder.
Our healthcare is to costly our schools fail too many, and each day brings further evidence that the ways we use energy strengthen our adversaries and threaten our planet.
These are the indicators of crisis, subject to data and statistics.
Less measurable, but no less profound, is a sapping of confidence across our land.
A nagging fear that America's decline is inevitable, that the next generation must lower its sights.
Today, I say to you that the challenges we face are real. They are serious and they are many.
They will not be met easily or in a short span of time, but know this America, they will be met.
On this day, we gather because we have chosen hope over feet, unity of purpose, over conflict and discord.
On this day, we come to proclaim an end to the petty grievances and false promises, the recriminations and worn out dogmas that for far too long have strangled our politics.
We remain a young nation, but in the words of Scripture, the time has come to set aside childish things.
The time has come to reaffirm our enduring spirit, to choose our better history, to carry forward that precious gift, that noble idea passed on from generation to generation, the God given promise that all are equal, all are free and all deserve a chance to pursue their full measure of happiness.
In reaffirming the greatness of our nation, we understand that greatness is never a given. It must be earned.
Our journey has never been one of shortcuts or settling for less. It has not been the path for the fate-hearted. For those who prefer leisure over work, they seek only the pleasures of riches and fame.
Rather, it has been the risk-takers, the doers, the makers of things, some celebrated, but more often men and women obscure in their labor, who have carried us up the long-rugged path towards prosperity and freedom.
For us, they packed up their few worldly possessions and traveled across oceans in search of a new life.
For us, they toiled in sweatshops and settled the West, endured the lash of the whip, and plowed the hard earth.
For us, they fought and died in places like Conquered and Gettysburg, Normandy and Kesa.
Time and again, these men and women struggled and sacrificed and worked till their hands were raw so that we might live a better life.
They saw America as bigger than the sum of our individual ambitions. Greater than all the differences of birth, wealth or faction.
This is the journey we continue today. We remain the most prosperous, powerful nation on earth.
Our workers are no less productive than when this crisis began. Our minds are no less inventive, our goods and services, no less needed than they were last week or last month or last year.
Our capacity remains undiminished, but our time of standing path, of protecting narrow interests and putting off unpleasant decisions, that time has surely passed.
Starting today, we must pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off and begin again the work of remaking America.
Wherever we look, there is work to be done. The state of our economy calls for action bold and swift and we will act, not only to create new jobs but to lay a new foundation for growth.
We will build the roads and bridges, the electric grids and digital lines that feed our commerce and bind us together.
We will restore science to its rightful place and we will technologies wonders to raise health care's quality and lower its cost.
We will harness the sun and the winds and the soil to fuel our cars and run our factories and we will transform our schools and colleges and universities to meet the demands of a new age.
All this we can do, all this we will do.
Now, there are some who question the scale of our ambitions.
To suggest that our system cannot tolerate too many big plans, their memories are short.
For there, for God and what this country has already done, what free men and women can achieve when imagination is joined to common purpose and necessity to courage.
What the cynics fail to understand is that the ground has shifted beneath them, that the sale of political arguments that have consumed us for so long no longer apply.
The question we ask today is not whether our government is too big or too small but whether it works, whether it helps families find jobs at a decent wage, care they can afford a retirement that is dignified.
Where the answer is yes, we intend to move forward. Where the answer is no, programs will end.
And those of us who manage the public's dollars will be held to account to spend wisely, reform bad habits and do our business in the light of day because only then can we restore the vital trust between a people and their government.
Nor is the question before us whether the market is a force for good or a.
It's power to generate wealth and expand freedom is unmatched.
But this crisis has reminded us that without a watchful eye, the market can spin out of control.
The nation cannot prosper long when it favors only the prosperous.
The success of our economy has always defended not just on the size of our gross domestic product but on the reach of our prosperity, on the ability to extend opportunity to every willing heart, not out of charity, but because it is the surest root to our common good.
As for our common defense, we reject as false the choice between our safety and our ideals.
Our founding fathers, our founding fathers face with perils that we can scarcely imagine, drafted a charter to assure the rule of law and the rights of man.
A charter expanded by the blood of generations. Those ideals still like the world and we will not give them up for expedience sake.
And so to all the other peoples and governments who are watching today from the grandest capitals to the small village where my father was born, know that America is a friend of each nation and every man, woman and child who seeks a future of peace and dignity.
We are ready to lead once more.
Recall that earlier generations face down fascism and communism not just with missiles and tanks but with the sturdy alliances and enduring convictions.
They understood that our power alone cannot protect us nor does it entitle us to do as we please.
Instead they knew that our power grows through its prudent use. Our security emanates from the justice of our cause, the force of our example, the tempering qualities of humility and restraint.
We are the keepers of this legacy. Guided by these principles once more we can meet those new threats that demand even greater effort, even greater cooperation and understanding between nations.
We will begin to responsibly leave Iraq to its people and forge a harder and peace in Afghanistan.
With all friends and former foes we will work tirelessly to lessen the nuclear threat and roll back the specter of a warming planet.
We will not apologize for our way of life nor will we waver in its defense. And for those who seek to advance their aims by inducing terror and slaughtering innocence, we say to you now that our spirit is stronger and cannot be broken, you cannot alas us and we will defeat you.
For we know that our patchwork heritage is a strength, not a weakness. We are a nation of Christians and Muslims, Jews and Hindus and non-believers.
We are shaped by every language and culture, drawn from every end of this earth. And because we have tasted the bitter swill of civil war and segregation and emerged from that dark chapter stronger and more united, we cannot help but believe that the old hatred shall someday pass, that the lines of tribe shall soon dissolve, that as the world grows smaller our common humanity shall reveal itself and that America must play its role in ushering in a new era of peace.
To the mother of the world, we seek a new way forward based on mutual interest and mutual respect. To those leaders around the globe who seek to so conflict or blame their society's ills on the west, know that your people will judge you on what you can build, not what you destroy.
To those who claim to power through corruption and deceit and the silencing of dissent, know that you are on the wrong side of history, but that we will extend the hand if you are willing to unclench your fist.
To the people of poor nations, we pledge to work alongside you to make your farm flourish and let clean waters flow. To nourish star bodies and feed hungry minds.
To those nations like ours that enjoy relative plenty, we say we can no longer afford indifference to the suffering outside our borders, nor can we consume the world's resources without regard to effect.
For the world has changed and we must change with it.
As we consider the role that unfolds before us, we remember with humble gratitude those brave Americans who at this very hour patrol far off deserts and distant mountains.
They have something to tell us, just as the fallen heroes who lie in Arlington, whisper through the ages.
We honor them not only because they are the guardians of our liberty, but because they embody the spirit of service, a willingness to find meaning in something greater than themselves.
And yet at this moment, a moment that will define a generation, it is precisely this spirit that must inhabit us all.
For as much as government can do and must do, it is ultimately the faith and determination of the American people upon which this nation relies.
It is the kindness to take in a stranger when the levees break. The selflessness of workers who would rather cut their hours than see a friend lose their job which sees us through our darkest hours.
It is the firefighter's courage to storm a stairway filled with smoke, but also a parents willingness to nurture a child that finally decides our fate.
Our challenges may be new. The instruments with which we meet them may be new.
But those values upon which our success depends, honesty and hard work, courage and fair play, tolerance and curiosity, loyalty and patriotism.
These things are old. These things are true. They have been the quiet force of progress throughout our history.
What is demanded then is a return to these troops. What is required of us now is a new era of responsibility, a recognition on the part of every American that we have duties to ourselves, our nation and the world.
Duties that we do not grudgingly accept, but rather sees gladly firm in the knowledge that there is nothing so satisfying to the spirit, so defining of our character and giving our all to a difficult task.
This is the price and the promise of citizenship. This is the source of our confidence. The knowledge that God calls on us to shape an uncertain destiny.
This is the meaning of our liberty and our creed, why men and women and children of every race and every faith can join in celebration across this magnificent mall.
And why a man whose father less than 60 years ago might not have been served in a local restaurant can now stand before you to take a most sacred oath.
So what is my last day to remember this? Of who we are and how far we have traveled.
In the year of America's birth, in the coldest of months, a small band of patriots huddled by dying campfires on the shores of an icy river.
The capital was abandoned. The enemy was advancing. The snow was stained with blood.
At a moment when the outcome of our revolution was most in doubt, the father of our nation ordered these words be read to the people.
Let it be told to future world that in the depth of winter when nothing but hope and virtue could survive, that the city and the country alarmed at one common day in the world.
The major came forth to meet America in the face of our common dangers. In this winter of our hardship, let us remember these timeless words.
With hope and virtue, let us brave once more the icy curts and endure what storms may come.
Let it be said by our children's children that when we were tested, we refused to let this journey end.
That we did not turn back nor did we falter and with eyes fixed on the horizon and God's grace upon us, we carried forth that great gift of freedom and delivered it safely.
The future generations. Thank you. God bless you and God bless the United States of America.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
