560 WQAM presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil 560 in date and
Broward in other counties called Rolls-Royce 87775 Neil or 560 on your AT&T
and Verizon Wireless phones. The opinions expressed by Neil is guests or his
colleagues do not represent those of WQAM management staff with sponsors. Now
the Neil Rogers Show on 560 WQAM.
It's Friday you first in.
Your bell is worried about this show. First it was worried about my house.
Now it's worried about this show.
This show is not a show.
It's time for your personal
Here upset no waking
Bake no bugs exist not even shake
You can't feel your heart believes
Your full hours just find weed
Your money stays you can't see
Another way to fill your need
Oh you try to think of who could score you some but oh yeah
Your home and switch to blue is my sharp type as life with fortune
No you're gonna have to scrape it you're addicted to bud
My eat is my own face it sure addicted to bud
My eat is my own face it sure addicted to bud
My eat is my own face it sure addicted to bud
10101560 WQAM happy Friday to you.
Possibly you have regional baseball game is that in about a half an hour?
When is that?
Yeah I don't know.
I'll check.
What do you mean you don't know?
I don't follow you and baseball. I have no idea.
Neither does anybody else.
Yeah.
Norma can't says please don't forget of the midst of all this stress to send me the balance so I can continue to have the pleasure of dealing with them meaning the beesleaves.
Send me the balance.
Send me some money I want some money.
So we have a new deal now with your buddy Joe Bell and you must know something about it because I emailed I texted you this morning.
Yeah and right away you said oh yeah the summer schedule he's not real happy about that coming up.
I took a shot in the dark and I guess I hit something.
Well what does he have been saying about the summer schedule since it's already the 29th of May summer schedule is pending like three weeks away right?
Yeah and nothing to do is just you know I just heard him you know wow it's a lot of days off and we need Neil and Steniel Roger show we need Neil.
We need Neil oh yeah this is a guy who is trying so desperately to get me to take a walk you I've in my life I have never seen anybody as dishonorable as this.
Man dishonorable full of crap.
We have a contract but unfortunately this company don't care about what it says in contracts and my lawyer is more concerned about being fully compensated than getting them to fully adhere to the contract.
See there are some companies that think when they have a contract with you here's the way it works they're only obligation is to pay you money on pay day and then the rest of it is all your obligation.
The new deal is now Jolly Joe claims he's worried about the show he's done everything in his power to destroy the show in the last three years however long he's been of QAM and now he's worried about the show.
I guess and we're worried about these miniscule ratings that nobody believes I mean yesterday we sold out the Neil deal in less than one minute we must have somebody listening if we sold it out less than one minute right.
Yeah we think so yeah.
This at a time when lots of other stations that have been doing those meal deals have dropped it because they can't they can't sell them out to save their lives.
Not that that proves anything but nevertheless the idea that I have to prove to Joe Bell that we have an audience out there.
Oh geez the so and another thing when he can George one of the reasons being is that he didn't like George on the year one of the many lies and that you were going to be so much better than George filling in during the summertime so if you're going to do such a great job what's he so worried about the summer numbers for.
I don't know in addition to which the summer numbers nobody cares about anyhow.
But here I am again in spite of Jolly Joe Bell and in spite of Norma can't Norma can't oh fully compensate me send me a check I'm sending you Zippo okay Mr. hot shot he's writing them a litter today.
I sure hope it's as effective as the letter he wrote on behalf of George remember that day yeah I hope he's legal legal letterhead no less wow that had tremendous impact yeah they laugh at you Norma they laugh at you is what they do.
And then this thing but yesterday please have your new producer email me his contact information so I'm fully prepared of something comes up fleeing interested okay he sees what you did for George he sees what you're doing for me.
I want some more money oh geez you just reach a point into your life where you're sick and tired of people leaching fleeting I don't know all anybody any money.
No you got to pay George I salary to yeah let me just pay everybody money.
I am I got to hear up my ass today the size of Mount Rushmore you ever see hear that big it's big wow it's a big ass hair.
And then I hear Richie from Boreshead and oh God Joe I don't want to knock Joe but my God after all these years and he's still talking to those bootballs marked the rejects fan and Richie from Boreshead was on hold two hours and 40 minutes or some crap like that don't forget storm cat.
Oh I didn't hear stormy today heard him yesterday. Yeah he was on early today. Oh thank God I missed that.
We would take calls on this show again only we technically we don't have the ability to do it now we're not in our studio and the phone.
What soon soon what soon we'll be in a studio yeah you see your laughing you knew that he was foaming at the mouth about the summer schedule coming up I had to be on the
right now as a matter of fact you should not and in the other room somebody sent me I won't say who it was but somebody sent me a Joe Bell voodoo doll.
Complete with yeah oh yes I have it sitting on my coffee table in my living room the Joe Bell voodoo doll I like to stick my foot up its
back home oh yeah it's too small for that or least my big toe. So it's just too many day well you know that's what the deal is he went when Greg read was
around he realized that that's the deal he made with me and that's the contract and in the summer I worked Tuesday and Thursday and somebody else George Rodriguez works Monday Wednesday and Friday.
Well George Rodriguez ain't here anymore so I guess it's going to be you and Curtis is what I was told am I right yeah that's the word and you still doing that Monday Wednesday and Friday.
Yeah because I'm not working one extra minute this summer or any other summer and these bastards are too damn cheap to pay me off to go away so you know I guess I'm going to have to show up here every day.
I think I'm not sure when I wake up in the morning like this morning I wake up in the morning I look at the alarm clock and then I think to myself am I really going to go in here and do this today or am I going to tell him to stick it but that's what they want.
If you were me would you blow off all that money and just tell them give them what they want now they'd have to drag me out of here. Yeah they're going to have to kill me I told you that already they're going to have to do a Howard B.L.M. Kill me.
Although if I were you I just want to give you a heads up I'd be prepared any day any given day to like just come in and do the whole show.
Okay I'm just giving you a little advanced notice. Sure. I'm doing it on the air so the audience is also aware that.
At any point teacher who went to jail for having sex with student hosts hot for teacher night. Well she's just compulsive you know the teacher who became notorious in the 90s for having an affair with the sixth grader and boy is he ever ugly is hosting a hot for teacher night at a Seattle bar along with a former student who is now her husband.
Is that kid Korean or something you know that.
The kid that she was didlin yeah our husband it's hard to tell I don't know if he's kind of mixed to me. He gives new meaning to the word he makes me look like John Stockwell in his prime.
Byron or Mike Morris's Mary K. Laturno was served a sense and it's okay it's a okay for the couple to have some fun.
By the way Joe mind your own business did you hear the story about Joe sticking his nose into this guy in the restaurant.
Now I wasn't really paying attention kid was texting and texting and the father was trying to talk to him and Joe opens up a big mouth just mind your own business Joe.
Okay you got your own family and to take care of them into a wonderful job and mind your own business stopping a yenta don't be a big headed yenta.
That's my take on it not that he cares I'm sure the 47 year old attorney served seven years in prison after pleading guilty in 1997.
The raping of Willie fool out. When they met fool out was in second grade and began to refer when he was 12 and she was a 34 year old married mother of four he was 12.
She was 34. They were married in 2005 and have two daughters together.
Morris's Saturday's event at fuel sports eats and beats in Seattle will be their third hot for teacher night she greets people and he DJs.
Pop for teacher night well you know it's a scam to make a few bucks. I'm all for people making a few bucks. I'm not for people leaching money off of other people.
I don't like it especially when I'm the one who's being leached.
Said who's the money come on. I want to be fully competent Norma you make me want to vomit. You make me want to puke.
I get I'm sitting there watching TV last night my own business I get another text message from Norma can't listen email that comes through on my blackberry a little later on and it says oh got some more better call me at home.
I've got some more disturbing news for you.
And this is about how Joe Bell is so worried about the ratings and after the summer there may be no show left in the audio audio audio and will ask Neil if he'll work more days in the summer.
No no chance no chance Joe Bell.
He is the most anxious I don't know how you're his buddy I don't understand because you seem like a fairly reasonable guy.
What is it about him that you can relate to he's always been good to me.
Meaning what I mean he's always taking care of me he's always never because you got your head up his ass I guess but you know he's never never done anything wrong to me.
So what can I say. Yeah but you sat back and you watched him do these things to all these other people can more than you won't see him no more George won't see him a QM no more me they're trying desperately to get me to walk away.
There are a lot of rumors about what's going on by the way QM in order to say a lot of rumors yeah it's crazy.
And it's good we had the big go on a show for a couple minutes yesterday because he's going to be next in line after me I guess.
Was that the assignment for Joe Bell when he came into town is to like blow everybody out of here destroy everybody's life and just blow up the station.
I didn't see his marching orders I don't know well that must be it heck of a job Joe you're doing it man destroying everything.
And now he's worried about the show he enjoys have done everything in their power to destroy the show to take away everything that might be amusing interesting that people might laugh at that people might enjoy they've done everything they can and now all of a sudden at this late date he's worried about the show.
Because we've got a point for something in the first week in May I was here the first week in May it's got nothing to do with how many days I missed I was here we still had a point for a corn of this new screwed up methodology let me just read one sentence at the
ass end of that email from a listener remember I told you about that email yeah given your past engineering problems what guarantee is there that you're engineering people are properly encoding the signal all the time.
Yeah sure makes me wonder makes me wonder what the hell is going on here and makes me wonder how the hell I ever got involved with Norma can't.
Oh I got some more disturbing.
New is for you Joe Bell call he wants you to work more days in the summer no chance contracts Tuesday and Thursday if I'm still around I'll be here Tuesday and Thursday.
Very simply want me to go away right a check we'll we don't even negotiate way down just write a check or just keep paying me every two weeks during the last four and a half years put some other stiff on here I mean some other great show.
What do you think you up you up to it of course you'd have to do it for free you understand well I am now so what's the difference yeah that's true you had to do the whole show for free there you go Joe.
It's back to our Friday you best it free down south where the month was going to hang from trees and play banjo you got some old station on newfangled radio now I've
Haveoki
The beeslings Pour
Open
Away. They hadjo
Go to five six oh with ratings and the toilet bowl to get those
Flaming sportful mose and order and control
And then so jolly rolly Joe of a killer and in the note he lets mose
Go and here's what blows if Gowdy is on show
You make the big change and rearrange
It's worse for the same he hasn't done that thing
For what goes all the air and do Joe don't have a stinkin clue
Out of four mad mad essentially blows for all radio
Oh my god the GM of five six oh jolly rolly Joe
1018 at five sixty WQM we got the big O2
Gowdy from ad dog four to seven oh my god
And then dolphin night seven o'clock D.A. eight to nine
And then we got the Lakers and the nuggets if necessary is it necessary?
It is nine o'clock tonight
I don't pay any attention to that crap
Johnny dark who sent this to me yesterday some of it
And evidently is impatient enough to listen and wait till I get to it in my pile
That it's in my pile Johnny he says you in the big O's side of good yesterday
Not sure why he took a shot at me but no hard feelings
Did the big O take a shot at Johnny dark?
I don't remember that but I remember that at all
It says I feel sad for you and what's happening to your show
It wouldn't surprise me if they were sabotaging the ratings and coding to tank your ratings
I would sue their ass take the show on the road
If we could find out evidence that there's some hanky spanky going on there between ten and three
There would be a lawsuit the size of Uranus
Wow big big and fat big gigantic fat lawsuit
I mean these people are just irresponsible
They got a contract and oh well today's you know we can't afford to have Neil miss all those days in the summertime
That's what the deal is okay Joe live with it
That's the deal Tuesday and Thursday period
I would why should I do him any favors is he doing any favors to this show?
No
This is the guy who says I still don't understand what the big deal is about having your studio ready
He's done everything he possibly can to destroy the thirty three years I've worked in this market to build up
And a hell of a job by the way maybe those numbers are accurate for all we know who the hell knows
Wouldn't surprise me
Here we are major market formerly top rated show in a market for years and years and years
We can't take phone calls I mean you could put them on but I can't get rid of them so it's you know
It's too awkward that way I won't do that yeah I don't blame you
Yeah I don't blame you
You got no studio oh that's not the priority priority is a power in this and that and the other building and blah blah you're yeah
We're down on the totem pole always you know the other thing that came out with the numbers too that I thought was wrong as well
It says that your average listener for your show is like 64 years old
Oh yeah I don't believe that either
Then how did we how are we tied for second in many two to thirty four in the last trend in the last book
Well that's the great that that was a fluke but nevertheless there had to be somebody out there right average listener is 64 year old
What where did you find that that was the information that they shared with us and the meeting I was in on like Tuesday or Wednesday
Some of that it wasn't through arbitrage on it was to this research company that we've hired to like help break down the arbitrage on new system
Yeah and yeah they showed the average age of your listener
According to people that are in the panel is 64 years old
Then how come when we take our demographic surveys we have all these people like you know 18 to 34 and 25 to 54
Hmm
Something really screwed up with this and instead of getting the support like other stations and other markets are getting
Instead of getting support from corporate and for management I'm getting oh gee if you just work more days he was out sick eight days in April
As if there's some credibility to this point to crap
Can't complain about the support you get from these people because there isn't any there is none there is absolutely none
And I know some people are out there saying oh gee there he goes bitch you can belly again why do you know something
It isn't easy to come in here four hours every day off the top of your ass
And work under almost impossible conditions people that don't want to support you don't want to give anything
And you know what I look at too if you look at yesterday's poll the winner was Freddie Mercury right best singer of all time
Are you telling me you're old guys in and a Freddie Mercury right that was if that's what I was gonna say that doesn't make sense
The fake Larry Kings is Paul and young Ron spy report that we're talking about eating a raccoon they said did they eat the booty too?
Oh no are you sure stealing from fuel that's why they got that 12.5 share there they really do a great job with recycled old material from other people
Larry says don't let Joe Bell get to you. He's a grave robber and a butcher. Oh brother
What an insult to grave robbers and butchers all over the world Larry here's the pull result from yesterday now that you mentioned it we had 904 votes not too shabby
All we've only got what four listeners and the average age is death. Mm-hmm the average listener is 64 year old male
I mean what what kind of garbage is that the best male singer of all time is Freddie Mercury 149 Frank Sinatra 81
That's the old folks. L of a 79 Roy Orbison 71 Marvin gave 46 Elton John 46 but is a lot of names on this list
This will take you'll midnight to read these Jim Morrison 34 Johnny mattress 31 that King Cole's got
Paul McCartney 28 Billy Joel 22 Luis Miguel 20 Robert plant 19 Burton Cummings 18 Stevie Tyler 17
Michael Jackson 16 John Lennon 15 Roger Dahltry 14 Steve Perry 13 Tom Jones and Sam Cook 12 apiece
Bob C. 11 J. Black 10 David Poe 9 Otis Redding 8 Van Morrison 7 Dion 7 Rod Stewart 7 6 apiece for a Bono Mick Jagger
Michael McDonald Tom York and Paul Simon 5 for BJ Thomas 4 each for Harry Connick Jr.
Totally he gets in boats Chris Isaac Smoky Robinson and Jean Pitney 3 apiece for Lou Grams Sting Jackie Wilson and Paul Rogers and Rick Nelson
Two for Chris Cornell and David Clayton Thomas one for Neil Sedanca and Fats Domino finally got one. Oh it's nice.
Thank God for Antoine Fats Domino the fat man got one boat. So so how come I'm not getting this information that you got at this from this Mavin?
It was on a slideshow so I don't think I have it on anything I could send you on a slideshow. Yeah it was on a slide on this a PowerPoint presentation and so I don't have any hard copy to send you.
Well I mean give me a give me a synopsis what what so the upshot is that our audiences older than death. Yeah if you look at the rest of the day parts you know it's like Joe and Jim and his guys the average age was around 40 41 and your show was like 64.
Michael says I'm listening on the stream there's a bizarre Joe Rose spot playing each break. It's a series of clips of Joe being a closet case set to serene piano instrumental quite strange it says.
It says the fake Michael Phillips is that are you responsible for that it's just a Joe Rose promo.
Now.
Pretty says hello Neil you know I've been listening to you for years all the way back to your stay at WJNO on Flagler Drive in West Palm Beach.
I've always wondered why doesn't management just leave you alone let you do your show.
They are jealous of you it's sick let the man do a show he makes all the money for you what else needs to be said.
Keep up the good work a long time listener Fred well thanks Fred Fred likes to show.
Allen says it's not surprising that Joe hell would ask you to do more days after all he got away with breaking your contract with your producer so I think he can do it again and again.
Why not did Hitler stop at Poland please get a real lawyer before it's too late for you it's already too late for George take care and be where says Allen.
Take care and be where how many ways up the left side down the right side how many ways can they violate the contract and it's just a piece of paper you know like bush said about the constitution same thing with this company.
Oh it's just a damn piece of paper.
I think I'm going to have to hire a hitman for Jolly Joe or maybe Kathy baits just to break his kneecaps.
That would be fun I'd like to watch that I'd pay some serious money to watch that if I had any left.
Oh no you're like it's Friday you bastard.
This is learning to spell with Donnell I'll be Donnell Jackson and today we're going to spell the word European.
Spell it with me now European EURO C-E-A-N.
That's the big one.
Now let's use it in a sentence.
So I said to the guy I say hey get away from my car European on my time.
This is learning to spell with Donnell I'll be Donnell Jackson.
10 30 at 5 60 WQM the Dow is up 31 points so our average list is what 100 years old and got one foot in the grave pretty much I see.
A big fan without a name says hey Neil please tell us you're kidding about the anxious and grotesque Sid Rosenberg returning to WQAM.
I don't know that he's returning because he never worked here did he?
Not that I'm aware of.
No.
If this is true can we the listers protest this big nose no talent ass sucking loser by signing a petition preventing him from being on the air question mark said truly sucks as a broadcaster yet he excels as a major ass liquor.
I've heard him on the forrel show sucking up on the Dan LaBastute show falling over what a great and amazing talent he is.
In closing please forward this email to Joe Bell or tell him in person that the people of South Florida and listenership of WQM
adamantly opposed the hiring of Sid Rosenberg and if Joe Bell doesn't listen and bring Sid the get aboard then all of us will switch the dial and never listen to any QAM program except for the venerable and brilliant Neil Rogers that's only if you're 64 and male.
I don't think most of these emails I'm getting up from 64 year old guys I could be wrong about that.
In fact start sending me some emails with age on it that could be a poll.
What's up what we've done that poll is in your time we have you know demographic poll what what category you win you know 18 to 24 male or female or whatever you want to do that for the weekend maybe do like you know 20s 30s 40s 50s 60s do it that way.
Yeah why not why do we have to do that when we've already got this fabulous research 64 year old male oh my god.
Burn and destroy jolly jo burn and destroy any vestige we've got left here the show could be just fine if we could still do the did I say this yesterday before all this crap came loose again I said we're not doing the near Roger show anymore we're doing the jo Bell and Joyce bitch version of the near Roger show what's left of it.
And what are we going to do about LeBron we had a triple double Ricky and Ronnie and Ronnie and Ricky and Ricky and Ronnie and Ricky.
351 votes on today's poll which religious group is the most malignant and I'm sorry to do this on chervuist by the way.
Born again Christians 162 Muslims 87 Scientologists 56 Catholics 27 Orthodox Jews 19.
Yeah we did that poll way way back when because I'm digging back into the archives you know for the oldies into the history but I think let's change it and during this break coming up what I'll do is I'll write out the demographic poll again.
Oh not that poll again yeah that poll again.
What do you think sure whatever I mean you know damn well it's not going to come out that the average listener is 64 year old male I would be really surprised if it did.
Now how do you how do you want to which are you 20s 30s 40s 50s 60s 70 plus.
But that well that's not going to work.
Male in 20s not unlike that male 18 to 34 male 35 to 54 male 55 plus how's that works for me female same with female 18 to 34 et cetera.
Once upon a time we had like teens we had listening to but not anymore of course.
And Joe Bell can't understand it he's he's worried about this show after the summer there won't be any show left after you there already is no show left.
Joe look in the mirror if you want to know what's wrong with this show look in the mirror Joe looking at ugly pus filled fat face ears.
Okay so Eric is Eric is the little a boxer what.
Yeah looks like it.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to like fax this to Eric and we'll change the poll and get rid of this other one we already got 256 votes on it that's more that's double the whole audience anyway.
But I don't know what you're tortlin about find it funny one thing I'll say about these last few weeks man it's going back to that
George canning it's been really really pleasant I haven't heard another word from George I guess he's upset with me maybe that was the rumor that the very jackass was spreading from across the street yesterday.
I would find out hard to believe George isn't getting mad about much no and then George is not the kind of guy who would hold it back if he was ticked off of me for talking about his meeting with Steve white he would he would have told me that when he called me a few days ago right and he would probably wouldn't call me in the first place if he was pissed off of me.
But at any rate I'm just a bad guy that's that's the bottom line I admit it I confess to the entire world listening right now all 40 of you 64 year old men I'm a bad guy.
That was up 17 point father QDA is joining the Episcopal Church he's going to get married.
I guess he wasn't quite as devoted to his Catholic vows as somebody to thought you think maybe the Reverend Albert
or QDA by the way happy Chavuas Reverend maybe he'll be Jewish next the celebrity priest removed from his Miami Beach church after photos of him kissing an embracing woman appeared in the pages of a Spanish language magazine earlier this month has left the Roman Catholic arts arts
sciences of Miami to join the Episcopal Church and announced that he'll marry the woman he's dated for two years he likes that stuff man he wants more of it.
Joining him and becoming an Episcopal was the woman in the photos Ruhama Boone can Ellis 35 Boone. Wow.
I'm not even sure we can say that on air can we Boone V1 I Boone I think so the small private ceremony happened at 130 PM yesterday a Trinity catholic cathedral the church is South Florida headquarters in downtown Miami QDA dressed in a white dress shirt a black jacket and black dress pants doesn't say what kind of underwear.
He said that's Miami beside his fiance during the half hour ceremony doesn't say what kind of underwear is if any priest and Dickens from the Episcopal Church were by his side many notably accompanied by their wives.
Bishop Leo Freyhead of the Episcopal diocese of southeast Florida officiated as QDA and canellus Neltin from the bishop and were received into the Episcopal Church.
The bishop also gave QDA special status as a lay minister he's laying it meaning he can preach in Episcopal churches but not celebrate the Eucharist the symbolic body and blood of Christ the Eucharist my ass.
QDA will give his first sermon as an Episcopate in 10 a.m. Sunday at the church of the Resurrection in Viscayne Park it'll take QDA at least a year to be certified as an Episcopal priest.
So tell me that again the rest of the shows the sports shows the median ages like a 16 year old kid teenager and our median glister is 90 90 year old man.
Yep. Wow. I bet your clearance was taken aback by that what was her comment his comment wow. Really pretty much.
So in other words he's buying it. No I don't think he buys it.
Well that's good because I'm not selling it. I'm continuing to code the call to spread God's love QDA said at a news conference adding that he's gone through a deep spiritual ideological struggle.
I can relate father I'm going through a deep spiritual and ideological struggle myself right now.
At a press conference late Thursday afternoon our steisies of my me officials express disappointment in QDA and add strong words for the Episcopal Church especially Bishop Freyde.
Friday whatever's name is this is truly a setback for ecumenical relations and cooperation between us the Archdiocese have never made a public display when for doctrinal reasons Episcopal priest have joined the Catholic Church and sought ordination said Archbishop John Favillora.
He said he hadn't heard from Friday about the transition and hadn't spoken to QDA since May 5 adding that QDA never told the Archbishop he wanted to get married.
Go into the chapel and remember that the Dixie cups going to get married. Yeah sure.
Chapel of love wasn't that the song I believe so you could play it if you had that library in there right now but soon.
Well once we have that new studio man it's going to be stead of the artist what I'm hearing.
It's that 12 Friday you best.
And our live from right you'll see it's the new Roger show.
I like the ease of this song for the writing.
I love the way that I'm being.
The rich haven't been the same since the book of dying time.
I know I heard that was some party crack read through.
But thing I didn't go much a dancing. Of course it's not easy flying back there from
Rachel seven. I know thank God. I'm here. It's all over for you poor
schlepch stuck on earth president. No well well if you're lucky that crack head is the last
most the rigging election was on this line. The week I am.
Speaking I was in the public.
So go look at today.
And let me tell you the clip out coupons in Thursday's paper are the
shipping I discovered to my son.
Oh it is.
I know.
It's not too far 99 cents on the contrary.
I'm off.
Two break stones for 99 cents.
Now I don't know about you.
That's right.
I'm trying to pedal me to break stones for the price of the break stones cottage cheese when
the coupon clearly stated.
Well use the cottage cheese that's growing in your tone.
Now who's this son is?
Line 7 and 9.
Klingon penal colony. Hello.
I forgot into that.
Great.
I got okay.
And that note.
You know I got a renegotiated my contract about a one minute show.
You can fill the other three minutes.
That's right.
I'll come to you behind his next.
George.
Bye bye bye.
10.45.
Ported to 11 at 5.60 W.Q.I.M.
So start to get emails from people giving me their ages.
Now I want you to stop and think about something.
Okay.
If the average listener of the show is a male 64, that means that a whole bunch of them
would have to be like 70, 80.
Do you follow what I'm saying to make the average 64?
Right.
And they're buying this crap.
They're paying for this garbage.
Rick says I'm 29.
Pete from Boccas says it's hard to believe that all my fellow listeners are 60 plus
I'm 44.
Been listening to you since I was 18.
44.
Fake Greg butyl says Joe Bell has an assignment from the beeslees.
He's been ordered to severely trim the payroll and it isn't over.
No kidding.
My prediction of an oldies format with sports on the weekend isn't so far fixed.
Now is it says Greg.
Look for Bob McCay to take Josh Dero's spot in the fall.
Paul says I'm a white 48 year old woman listener.
I find it hard to believe the average age of 64 for your show.
And if the Joe Roe show is 41 years old, they sure that's the age and not the IQ of some of his collars.
You should do an unscientific demographic poll to see just who's listening.
Says Paula.
Well, that's what we're trying to do now.
I thanks it to Eric.
Does he in his little crap room?
Yeah, I think so.
Because I don't see the poll swits.
It's not on her yet.
Let's switch it right away, Eric.
Immediately if not sooner.
Get that other piece of turd off of there.
Mary says she's 48 and listens online until she finds a job.
Sorry, Mary.
39 year old white male here.
Jimmy.
Jimmy loves me.
There you go, Jimmy.
That's for you.
Rob says I'm a 30 year old male and the girl I work with is 35.
She loves you and was listening back in the late 90s.
I used to listen back in the late 80s during the Nick Navarro regime where my dad encouraged me to call because Navarro's clan confiscated two live cruise CDs from the former Coral Springs Mall record shop.
And he relentlessly made fun of me.
I listened to you from then on and ever since.
George was old a lot when he started out more than a decade ago but when he began taking over your summer shows, he really did have a good outlet for his remarkable voice and his rating shows.
He really did partly feel intramedously difficult shoes.
Damn Joe Bell to hell and norm as an incompetent ass pipe for allowing talent like this to go down the tubes.
So in closing and don't read this, you're absolutely right and it's got blank Joe Bell.
I'm not going to read it again. Don't worry. Not anytime soon.
What do you think? Think I'm going to do that again soon? No.
You think I trust these people from a technical standpoint? I wouldn't trust them as far as I could throw a fat boy.
Which one?
Christopher Joe.
Neither one. I don't see the thing. I don't know if Eric is actually there.
Well, they says hi. I have joined the show. So I'm assuming that's Eric.
Oh, okay, Eric, please, please, please put that demographic poll on there immediately.
Leave not sooner. Please, pretty please. Let's see what first. He says she's a 30 year old female.
Imagine that she says first.
30 year old female.
I mean, where is the guy getting this from? This this crap from?
I guess from arbitrage.
But I'm saying for based on what based on this new technology.
Well, since we've only got six listeners anywhere, I guess like half of them got to be like 63 and the other have 69.
Something like that. Yeah.
Oh, boy, Ricardo, this is the fake Jim DeFetus. Don't play bits with George no more. It hurts too much.
I'm not gay, but the most beautiful thing I saw last night sitting at magic cars at the magic cars game was none of them.
Brady Quinn. Yep. So he's got a pretty mouth. Yeah, what?
Caves game. He was at the Caves game last night.
Brady Quinn and Jay and Jay. He was there too. Was either with his boyfriend. He was getting jiggy with it.
Here's a 28 year old Julio has been listening religiously since he was six. Nick since he was six. Well, thanks, Nick. Mike is 32. Been listening since he was 18.
My wife listens every day in the office. She's 28. You have a good weekend too, Mike. Thanks.
All fake emails aside, this guy says I'm 23. Listen to all four hours grew up in Miami during the IOD days.
We don't have any 64 year old guys on there.
Yet although Jim Sarni just checked in, he's got to be 150. That's probably he probably drags the number way up there. Yeah.
Scott and panelists, parks as I started, I'm 52 started listening in 86 just before I turned 30 when you moved to mid days and I could finally hear you and
Broward. Remember that I and Z has that. Joyce signal at night. Yeah, that's right. I would leave my job at midnight at I and Z and start driving home to a
member park, Pembroke Lakes and halfway home I couldn't hear the station at night right up the street from Carol City.
Couldn't hear it. So I know all about working on stations with bad signals, bad signals, 28 year old employed white male here.
I have some of the best LCD. So I've been listening at least that long will continue to do so despite station management. Well, thank God for you.
Thank the Lord.
Here's an update from George. Okay. What's with people bugging me in the middle of more a povich paternity test saying that you think I'm pissed off of you. Love you old man. Nothing new to tell. Thanks George.
Nothing new to tell and he's not pissed off. Man, he wasn't right. Just another Ojan provocateur of the fake Barry Jackass. I'm jerk across the street.
Gene and C bring I'm a white male 54 been listening since WNWS 1979 is that the new poll up there yet Eric. No, nothing to switch. Nope. Why is that? What's going on with him? Usually he's he switches these faster than you can say crap.
PR Ralph says I'm an avid listener. I'm 51. Where are those numbers? Yeah, where are they coming from? Chris is 64. My ass. I'm a 25 year old male. I have seven of my friends listening to you religiously. They're also all between 25 and 26 screw you jolly Joe. He doesn't say screw, but I'm not going there. You know.
Black he says I'm not 64. I'm 39. Hope to be listening when I'm 64. Says black. He's 39. Sure. Be nice. We get that demographic survey up there. Eric. Maybe Eric's busy in a few lunches. I'm emailing him right now. Yeah, email him and say, Hey, and he'll send you a new poll.
He wants you to switch the old man wants you to switch it. Please. Pretty please. Jerry says I'm 30. I know your audience's average is not 64. Ineptitude comes to mind when I think WQA M you got your thumb on it, Jerry. Let me tell you right now. Ineptitude. That's their middle name.
Bruce is I think with this new rating system. We need to start sending counters door to door and card to card to verify what people are really listening to. It's insanity.
Insanity. Lunacy. And instead of getting support from this company, well, of course I heard Bruce Beasley wrote them a letter just like Norma's writing a letter to Joe Bell. I don't have a copy of it yet, though.
I'm still waiting. How can I fully compensate you normal when I don't see any letter on there now with this me on letterhead. It's going to be on official Kent and Chroma. Cam letterhead. I believe. Wow. And you saw that other letter he wrote about George, what tremendous impact that had.
Yep. Cloud. Not. They laugh at you. Norma, don't you understand? They laugh at you. And this is, you know,
Leonard says, Norma can't and Joe Bell won't take responsibility for anything. I heard him called Bubba Love Spongebob. You were out or another guy claiming to be Joe Bell with the Southern accent.
He said, it's not new for you to be the subject of controversy. I'm a 47 year old white male income over 100 grand. How do you like that? Send us a money, Leo. Please send us a big sack of money. Maybe I'll just play the lot of heavy this weekend. The win the lottery and tell them to stick it. Do you have any idea how much I'd love to tell them to stick it?
Can you even begin to understand how much a lot Paul says for what it's worth. I listen every day. I'm 43. However, my mom is also devoted listener and she is a spy 77. Well, thank goodness for her. How do you like that?
Leo says, I'm 25. I started listening when I was 21. We don't have any. I don't see a whole bunch of old parts on here. Fat man after dark says I'm 28 years old. Been listening since high school.
Does everyone realize that whatever system is in place now is ridiculously flawed? I mean, the fact that they had this seminar with this guy who's trying to extrapolate numbers that claimed that there's nobody listening. I mean, what's the point? What is the point? Are they trying to convince everybody that it's true? Is that the deal?
No, this guy who works for a separate company said that it is some of the worst.
Apparently that he's ever seen in his career so far. Really? Yeah, some of the worst. Yeah, the sampling's really bad. He said.
So then why why are we proceeding with this and why is Joe going? Oh, I'm really worried about the old show. I'm so worried. A couple weeks ago when he was a certain fixing to fire George, he was worried about my health.
Now he's worried about the show. Here's here's one of my point. It's a zero point to listeners. Bradley, I'm 31 year old Latina Jewish male Latino.
Who is introduced to you by two male friends who are now in their mid 30s. One white, the other black Latino. So I'll be holding my breath in the 90 year olds to email you to get the median age of 64.
Yeah, it's going to take a lot of 90 year olds to get it all all the way up there to 64. I mean, we're talking some real swill.
Oh, here we go. The new poll is about to come up here, I think. Let's see. I pressed switch and it says, which are you? Well, male 55 plus. That's me. I'm an old fart old geezer, baby. I'm old. Ancient. And thanks to jolly Joe, I'm getting older by the second.
This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions?
1102, I don't see all those old parts, man. They just maybe those people don't have a PC. You think maybe they don't have the ability to email.
I don't know. Well, think about it. Give us some thought. Okay. Before the next seminar. 51 tallies on there. So far, which are you?
Male 35 to 54 23 male 55 plus 17 male 18 to 34 6 female 35 to 54 3 female 18 to 34 to female 55 plus none.
Men 35 54 23. In fact, if you put that together with men 18 to 34 29, that's 57% of the audience 25 to 54, which that that's our demo.
Of course, we've only got what four people listening, according to arbitrage on, but 52 votes.
I beg your pardon, but 52 votes. I'll they vote a whole bunch of times. Yeah, they read boot. Tony, I'm a 35 year old cracker from highly. I've been listening since the early 90s when you and Phil were back to back.
And believe it or not, I listen to Joe from eight to 10 and then you from 10 to 2. And then sometimes big go when I'm feeling courageous.
I listen every day, my desk. I guess that blows a hole in the room with that sports nerds don't listen to your show.
Well, I don't think we do have a big crossover from Joe show. I could be wrong. I probably stormy, you know.
And certainly mark the jets fan and was the other one. Richie from Bore said, oh, Jesus. All these years later, Joe, and you just can't cut the cord.
This one says, I'm a 42 year old male. Long time love the show. Joe Bell is a D bag. Oh, don't say that. There's another word we can't say.
Were you saying just yesterday about how childish and juvenile some of these words? I mean on that list. Absolutely.
Absolutely. Pretty soon we won't be able to say that'll be another one on the list. Oh, Joyce gets wind of that. She'll be absolutely foaming at them out.
Paul says, love you a long time. Listen on line living here in Viral Beach in my car when heading south. I'm employed. Make about 50 K. And it's all for me. Well, congratulations Paul. Cause whatever I make, it's all for the rest of the world. Paul is a 40.
Not 64. Just Bob says 42 year old male listening online in California, celebrating 20 years with you. You'll back to the Zeta days. Hang in there, George. This is just Bob. Hang in there, George.
See, I told you, George is not pissed off of me. It's better what you said. I think you just made it up.
Sam says he's 45, discovered you by chance back in 81 or 82. It says strange how management will want to ruin a host of who has a following that goes back decades.
Well, believe me, if anybody can do a jolly Joe and his wrecking crew, they can do it. They can destroy. They could screw up a wet dream. These guys, the worst, even though you're very fond of them.
They must think that you have your head up there. Asked something like that. Maybe or maybe you do. I don't know. I don't know. Because you have a real incestuous relationship. Although the things that you say behind their back though. Wow.
Shocking. And of course, now that you're associated with the show, they're going to hate you very soon if they don't already. They might.
The sent cases have been listening to the tremendous Neil Roger show. Now not so extraordinary without George since 1988. I'm 39 years old. That's a little shot of you. Not so extraordinary without George. That's OK. I'll live.
Ralph says sorry, Neil, please disregard earlier email. Thanks. Well, I don't know what the earlier one was.
Johnny Dolan is back. He's out of the closet. Inside scoop. The guys across the street are clicking 55 plus just to screw things up.
Yeah, they're we're getting creeped on the pool. That's alright. 15 55 plus just as yeah, that's up to 23 now.
So that's bogus all of a sudden we had a whole bunch of 55 pluses on there. And probably jolly Joe has got people in the conference room sitting there with computers.
Click it. Click it. Click it. Yeah. Oh, yeah. That was up 11 points. Big deal.
I'm reading these ones. I don't know what that means. Just to be glad the earlier email. I don't know what that means. Keith says I'm 50 years old. I've been listening to you since 1990.
During that time, I've got plenty of people younger than me to tune in. I've never called in and most likely never will. On the other hand, I'll continue to listen as long as you can hang in there. It says Keith. Well, thanks a lot Keith. I'm hanging.
As long as you can hang in there, but that's a good way to put it. So it's like an endurance contest with Joe Bell. How much crap can you take and Norma? Oh, you better call me. I've got some more depressing news. Go away, Norma. Just go to hell away.
I mean, non-compus penis. That's normal. I still am looking for that letter. He was going to send on his official letterhead to Joe Bell about how Neil is not doing any extra days in the summertime. Not an extra minute.
Here's the guy 58 been listening since I would love to show Dan from higher. Thank you, Dan. Danny Boy. Chronic in Montaux is don't blame me. I'm only 62.
Here's a guy. Oh, I can't read that name. A lot of F's in this one. I'm 53 been listening for over 25 years. I first heard you about 1978. I was on too many drugs to realize what I was listening to.
Started listening for good when you were on with Bill Carter and W. I. I just voted and put 55 plus so I could goose up the old fart listeners. But he's really 53. How do you like that? Don't be a creep in this poll. Okay.
Peter says 48 and 39 in London. Listening since the Stan major days, 1985-ish.
Well, Stan must be 100 years old. Now I would think I'm sure he's not listening. Ricardo says I'm a 35 year old Julio found you by accident switching stations in 1992.
Heard somebody say the word. Oh, eight ass clown. Love your show, Neil. Oh, it's the fake Jim DeFetus. I used to be Santana from something or other and said, etc. Okay. The fake Jim DeFetus.
Sorry, but I want to your old fart 62 says this one, but nobody 64. Never less. I've been listening to you for over 30 years and loved every minute of it. Always loved your show. Always will. And by the way, the reason Joe Bell has all these crappy ideas is because when he farts, they travel up his spine to his brain, hence crappy ideas. That's what Ernie says. He says Joe is full of crap.
Yeah. 44. Been listening since 88. Listen to you and something Joe. I guess it's every day. Bad typos.
Al says we love your show here at Highland Park. Highland palms nursing home. We all gather around the radio two weeks ago. Nice men came and gave us all these people. Oh, yeah. Oh, I see.
They gave them gizmos. When you come on, we all hit the green button and we get double helping of cells. I love it.
So they're goose in the 55 plus across the street. They're all a Lena good. Have a good time. They're just obsessed with the show. You know, so everybody in the industry, everybody who's even like owns a radio, they're obsessed with this show. Yeah, it's an anomaly. God.
People across the street get a life already. Okay. Start working on putting our decent product on the air if you can, which I doubt.
Which are you 118? Atalis here. Male 35 to 54. 62. Male 55 plus 31. Most of which are bogus. Male 18 to 34. 15. Female 35 to 54. 7. Female 18 to 34. 3. And female 55 plus none. No old ladies. At least not with computers anyway.
How do you explain the difference between what we're getting here on all these emails and on the poll and what you were told in that big seminar?
I don't know. Now seriously, how do you explain that the average listener is a 64 year old male? I can't explain it because the system is flawed.
The system is flawed and Joe Bell instead of like being wild with arbitrage and then suing their ass and going up there to Bellsville and kicking some ass instead of that.
He's given a son today. I'm worried about Neil's show. At the end of the summer, it's going to be the show is going to be over and it's going to be done.
No, you're going to be done. We're going to put you on a spit like a hog and roast you. What's a holiday that they roast hogs for?
Well, down here everyone. Oh, I see. Yeah, that's true. I forgot about that. Firstly in Hylia, you see the worst in hogs and a lot of gunshots. Thanks giving them usually. Really? Yeah, they put the pig in the box.
They put the pig in a box. Yeah, they cook it in the box underground. I never heard that one before. Oh, yeah, I heard it. I've heard it. Figs in a blanket. Oh, those are good too. Oh, I love those. God, do I love those? If they're really made right. If they're really good.
Like maybe with some raisins, you know, I don't know. Dip it in a little spicy mustard. Yeah, well, it's meat though. You can't eat that. Tim is a 48 year old male been listening since 1978. Thanks, Tim.
Peter says 35 years old. Passed to what that fat pig Joe Bell is doing to your show. Oh, it pissed off. I say not pass. Glad to hear George is not mad at you and doing okay. Yeah, he's all right.
Great statement yesterday with the big zero and George agreed to call the show for a few minutes. Once a week. Question mark. I don't know. Maybe changes mine. He's busy watching more public.
Oh, Laura again. Please don't say my last name is not work. I never do Laura. 53 year old Republican Cuban, Julia and absolutely loves me. I've been listening to you since I've saw you on Channel 69. Oh, my God. You went around for that. Wamy TV show.
Wamy got it. Oh boy. Talk about new levels of embarrassment. Really?
Uh, anyway, Laura says love you, Neil. And we'll continue to listen. Even if you started reading magazines over the air and Joe Bell can bite me. She says, oh, you don't want that.
Hmm. You might whatever he's got. It might be contagious. Why do you wear a stick?
As for Daniel Radcliffe who plays Harry Potter on the big screen will make his Broadway debut. He received a lot of attention for appearing naked on stage.
I'm Harry Harry Potter. I don't ever talk for a snake before. I want you to mount it. I'm graphic type. What if I make a fool of myself? Harry Potter. Harry Potter.
Was it in a little penis?
Hmm. But that thing away. They're like children here. I just hope you realize how fortunate you are. Did you have like a penis in plan? Or you did something else?
Well, don't forget to zip up your fly. If you don't zip up your fly, a seeker will get you. That was bloody brilliant.
You're a wizard, Harry. Looks like a smurf penis.
Okay, that's probably what it is. Here's your president.
I directed my national security council and Homeland Security Council to conduct a top to bottom review of the federal government's efforts to defend our information and communications infrastructure and to recommend the best way to ensure that these networks are able to see a cyber threat is among the nation's most serious issues.
Probably arbitrons involved in that. I would think there are threat to my existence. I'll tend to that. And yours too. Oh, yeah.
What are you going to do about it? You're just going to sit there on your ass and take it. I've told them to, you know, voice their pain and cause a little stink. And what are they saying? Yeah, we're going to send a letter.
Yeah, like Norma, I still don't have no copy of any letter that Norma said. If you want to be fully compensated, Mr. Berrister, I better see a letter here before noon on my PC. I better see some kind of a letter on legal letterhead.
Really threatening and nasty and hostile saying, hey, Jolly Joe, stick it. Go over across the street to the ticket and stick it. Otherwise, the audience is going to pick it. And by the way, why do you read it?
Look it. Byron Pagan, mustard, the wonder dog from ready. You know, Idaho say I'm 55. Pegas 49 and mustard is 10. We don't count the dogs ages. Maybe arbitron is. I've been listening since around 1978. Hope George gets his show and is doing great.
Neil, stay strong. Don't let the bastards win. Well, I'm going to do the best I showed up today. Believe you me. When I sat there when I was laying there and fed this more, look at the alarm clock. It said about eight o'clock.
I had all sorts of thoughts going through my mind. You know what I mean? All sorts of thoughts. So just remember, don't don't ever say I didn't warn you.
Some day if I wake up with the right hair up my ass in the right position, I might just tell him like that.
Although I would probably come on a year and do play a bunch of fart sounds. Timothy says I just turned 50 set. I've been listening since the Wions E days. Yeah, you know, let me just point one thing out too.
The only way you get younger demographics and get a new audience, especially on AM, which is a dead medium is for a decent promotion. Is not correct. How do these people?
I guess they figure by osmosis is where we get new audience. Yeah. Is not correct. Yep. Just a lightning pulled out of the sky says, oh gee, turn on 560 and listen to this really a goofy show.
I would do more marketing since I am the marketing director, but you have no budget. Yeah, my budget is this much.
It says I was a caller on your final Saturday show. Remember those yes, I and Z. I used to live. I used to like your crossover with that. Him a column.
I did crossovers with that. Him a column. I used to hate talk radio and still do, but my brother lived in the Midwest used to send me tapes of Steve dolling Harry Meyer.
Dolls, the guy who's stirring emulated when he heard him when they were both in Detroit.
When he came back here, he told me to listen to your show, but I was reluctant because of my hatred for the hello doctor guest and serious talk.
Your show was a revelation, though, and I've listened fairly regularly since then it was a revelation says Tim.
I know you hate chronic, but some of the usuals were a hoot. Peepie from Pemberg Pines was a riot and a few of the others were pretty funny.
Not that Paul Harvey guy or John the ticket scupper and a few other puts is like, man, oh God.
Too bad Joe Bell couldn't purge your show of all the crank collars that forced you to stop taking calls, but you know something that would require an effort on that part. That would have required some support.
Oh, I don't know what to tell you. I don't know what to tell you. I don't understand.
Now I think three quarters of your emails come from one ass clown in Orlando, Mr. Radio or whatever. That's correct.
Also, I agree with the other guy who mentioned Hitler and Poland, a very apt metaphor for Joe Bell, your contract and your ineffectual and the competent lawyer.
Hang in there, your pal Tim. Thanks Tim. Tim's a good to email her.
Paige says happy Friday. I live in New Jersey, moms and Florida listening to you every day. I looked at the site to see today's poll so I could vote for her and was the age pool.
I found it funny because today's mom's birthday. So I proudly added one of the 55 plus column on her behalf. I hope both you and she have a great day.
This is Paige. Happy Shavuas page.
Here's one from Oscar. Oh, not Oscar from a server time. Go away. I'm just deleting it.
You know, there's certain people that are just stuck. Just go away already. Oscar, you're boring. You're boring Brit.
Joe, Joe, this is 38 years old and Joe Bell is the W O A T the worst of all time. That is correct.
He's nothing but a redneck thug who probably walks around wearing cargo shorts. He's so manifestly irresponsible and incompetent that he makes Mike Disney seem like the Casper.
Actually, I'm shocked. He hasn't brought more back said Joe get a check says Joe out. Joe get a check. Oh, storm cat.
I moved here from Michigan in 1980. It started listening to you in the bird. I missed yours. But in eighth of George Rodriguez show.
Yeah, I agree that abortion on channel 69 was a cluster blank. Another thing. Joe Bell is full of Joyce says J.
Oh, that's not the one from storm cat. This is J here storm cat. Stop playing that propaganda from Oh, God from Obama. Go away stormy. Go watch a ball again.
Jimmy Dorsky 29 year old atheist white male moderate with no party affiliation. Well, good, Jimmy didn't put a shoe size in there.
Barrier 64 he's our median demographic. He's only found one. I'm the one been listening since we were both young and the bird was cackling.
Enjoy the show as much as I was then a best to George is very thanks very.
One also J says I just turned 51. We don't have anybody over at least not emailing over 64. So how could that be the median age of our listener?
Maybe the other people don't know how to email you people at arbitraught ought to be in prison. There are people on death row for lesser offenses than when you people are committing now.
Maybe I'm going to sue them. What do you think? Why not? Then I have to get a real attorney because I still have no I don't have any letter.
I guess somebody don't want to be fully compensated. I guess that's not. No, I don't see any any new email from Norma.
181 tallies on our survey, which are you are demographic survey male 35 to 54 91 male 55 plus 45 of which several are bogus from across the street male 18 to 34 24. That's not bad 13%.
Female 35 to 54 12 female 55 plus five female 18 to 34 for that's pretty good. 181 tallies. Well, my wife listens and she would be in the female 18 to 34 year old group. Really? Yeah.
She listens even before you worked on a show she listened or she's listening now that you're on it. No, she listened before even matters. She's a she's a Neil fan. Wow. Yeah. Wow. Cuban female at that.
You're ready to a Cuban lady. See? Cece. I'll be damned. Mark says. I'm a 36 year old male and lawyer listener. I was very disappointed to find out a greener Joe Bell. I don't exist.
I guess that means I'm free to do whatever the hell I want to do. Whether you are Mark, but I'm not because I got to work a lot extra time in the summertime.
Not there are two chances of that happening fat ass jolly Joe much, much less than none and minus infinity. There is no chance.
I'm going to do you a favor. Contracts as Tuesday and Thursday from like the middle of June till the week after Labor Day.
And that's what it's going to be if I'm if I'm still around. If I haven't just gone ballistic and killed a bunch of people between now and then.
Hey, Zeus says male 45 listeners since 1976 45 years old. Most of the office still listening and I'm the oldest one missing George, but please do in a good job.
Joyce Bell, Joe Bell and Joyce need to be taken out for a swim in the middle of the North Atlantic. Good idea. Thanks, Hey, Zeus.
Dave says I'm 50 been listening for 20 years plus keep up the good work against the bastards. Thanks Dave.
Sure got him whipped up today. I'll tell you to a frenzy to a frantic frenzy. Yep. And why not? Well, with this new studio, I have a great view right now. I'm looking at Steve Sloan Todd Dreck and Ray Perry. That's my view.
And what are they doing right now? Nothing. Hey, go out and sell something for crying out loud. Oh, Ray Perry. He's doing nothing. What a shock that is.
Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. By the way, just discovered the fake great detail. Joe Bell.
Do some work, Joe. My wife took their card or the mall. She drives my viewer and she's three feet tall. I wouldn't ride with no way. I said I'd need a day lady today.
So I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray. Waiting for the early faster take me away. I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm trying to try to change. First and foremost, they don't always stay the same. All they're gonna do is get a tells me to do.
The private highlights she must be insane. Just sitting here resting my bones. When Ren, why my wife won't leave me alone. We've talked it over and I never win.
I just wind up slipping through the mall again. Oi, so I sit on a pension, Delray. Waiting for the early faster take me away.
Oi, I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
Oi, I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
They're all around 40-41, Samata.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I'm just sitting on a pension, Delray with my friend.
I've got my windows down on a hot summer day, because the AC don't work no way.
This wedding fresh with all seats, not this nail that gives them to see what gets over time.
From a factory to find a shiny grand asmere like mine, thanks my carpet, giant and two, because I've been washing it with all the rokes.
The whole baby over the crocodile Jerry Jerry, baby, baby, I'm the shopping police going over speed folks in school.
The whole baby fresh with all interior, you'll be faster to be baby, baby.
I'm just sitting on a hot summer day, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
They're only right-wingers on the radio now, which sucks, and I missed political talk.
Do it for me, Neil, please.
Do it for me.
Is that incredible or what?
Do it for me, Neil, please.
No.
Is flee is bland in real life as he's on the radio just in observation.
Are you bland?
Yeah, pretty much.
Yeah, he's bland, sure.
If you get a 0.1 a summer, it'd be no surprise.
Is the five days of the week you're not on the radio will garner zero listeners.
I think Bell just wants you gone.
He knows that AM radio is toast.
It's only a matter of time before Beasley goes chapter 11.
The guy's thin skinned and you pound him daily.
If he goes after a college kid for one comment, imagine how he feels about you.
George was merely a sacrificial lamb in this drama, says Phil.
Do it for me, please.
No.
You want to guarantee that we'll get the demographics up to like 90 plus start talking politics.
David says I'm 43, been listening since 1984.
David and Colorado Springs.
How do you like that?
We got people listening all over the world.
You know how I know that?
How?
Because on our stance, we can go and check the what do they call it?
URLs?
No, not the URLs.
Come on, get with it.
One moment, please.
The domain report.
Domain report.
That shows you.
Well, I don't know if they're listening or not, but it shows you how many hits you're
getting on your website from different places.
Like today so far, we got 66 from Belgium, 72 from Germany, 113 from Ireland.
Wow.
266 from the UK.
3798 from Canada.
Most of those are mine and probably Adam Oshmuk.
He may be my friend Ken in Atobico.
46 from Switzerland, 27 from Mexico, 60 from Thailand, 8 from Japan, 25 from India, 13 from
France, 4 from the Needlelands.
I guess since I stopped going to Amsterdam, they're not crazy about me anymore.
Three from Slovakia, two from Norway, two hits from Bulgaria, two from Sweden, two from
Denmark, one in the Bahamas, one from Russia and one from Turkey, man.
You're not impressed?
No, I am.
That's awesome.
60 from Thailand.
That seems strange, yeah.
Yeah.
Service men, maybe.
Perverts.
Who knows?
You're asking me?
I don't know, more power to them.
Even though we've only got like six people listening in the South Florida and Dayton
Broward.
And 495 people listening online so far today.
Now can you check that QAM thing, what it says?
Yeah, I think I can.
Oh geez.
Oh, my nutsage.
Oh no.
In a very delicate, difficult spot, I just had an itch.
And you got what?
I don't know.
This computer, I don't know if I can access it from this computer now.
Why not?
I'm going to try.
Yeah, give it a shot.
And what's the story where well, of course, that new studio of ours?
I think that's a real good question.
We ought to ask that poll question.
Well, Neil stay on QAM long enough to move into that new studio in the new building.
What, what, what do you bet?
I'm betting we'll be in it by the end of next week.
Oh, that's what you were told.
You're just, you're just parroting what they're telling us.
And by the way, there's no, it's 12.06, no letter to a Garcia or from Garcia from a
normal camp to management.
So I guess he's not going to be fully compensated.
Hey, it worked.
Right now there are 427 listeners online.
Really?
Right now at this moment, right at this moment.
Well, our returns is that's like four times our whole audience.
Now, that's just on QM.com or I still don't understand how that works.
It's just WQM.com.
Cosmere Rogers dot com's got like 500.
But that's the total.
That's the total since 10 o'clock.
Sam Hersh, your co-mergent at large says Neil, I've been listening to you since the days
of Casino Stan.
Oh, V.
Hey, I'm 47 years old and hung.
Talk about too much information.
Bring back Ernie Sochin and his socks.
Bring back Barbara Studdley and her son from the love of Israel.
Bring back Shirley Peters and Stan majors.
Barbara Studdley.
What nonsense.
What garbage radio though?
Oh, the Jewish people.
I love my love.
My love.
That was the worst garbage in history, Lucrone.
Does his kids still work for power?
Mmm.
Josh, yeah, he does.
Yeah.
No.
Today's his birthday as a matter of fact.
Come on.
Today is Josh Cron's birthday.
Yep.
Lucrone's son.
It is.
Well, I'd be remiss in not setting out.
Where is it?
I'll find it.
Happy birthday, dude.
I wonder how old Josh Croner.
I guarantee he don't listen to the show.
No way.
Jose.
Cos if daddy ever found out he was listening to the show, Lucrone, I take back what I
said about only one GM that was just, I mean, just unacceptable.
And then there was the night and I was doing the thing about sending us your pot seeds,
you know, seeds for the CD.
And what's wrong with that?
People sending in pot seeds.
There's nothing illegal about having pot seeds, never say.
You can buy them online.
Right.
I was talking about, you know, everybody become your own farmer and plant your own seeds.
And at any rate, Lucrone went ballistic.
Comes running in the studio and my guest was Tom Jicca.
You got a guest who's rights about radio and TV or at least he did back in those days.
And Lucrone comes in and puts on a course, Tom wasn't running out in the hall during
a break when Luke came running in with blood in his eyes.
Oh, neither going to lose our license.
Neil, oh, yeah, seeds for the CD.
It was a great stick.
It was funny.
And of course, Luke had no sense of humor.
All he cared about was Israel, Israel, Israel, Israel, Jews in Israel.
It says, bring back Shirley Peters and Stan majors, talk about the daily then an EMac
and Bolly O's ice cream.
And don't forget the backboys from publics.
Where's P.P. from Pemberpont says Sam Hirsch, your emergent, emergent at large.
Speak at a time, Jicca, I think he and Sam Hirsch both used to do the dog racing shows on
channel 51.
Do you ever go to the dog races in your life?
Yeah.
George, I don't think George ever went.
He said he never went to a dog race.
I haven't went to any down here, but in St. Peter, he used to go to Derby Lane all the
time.
Derby Lane, the beautiful place.
Yeah, I work there, actually.
You work there doing what?
Teller?
I was a lead out.
You were a lead out, you used to bring out one of the dogs on Alicia?
Yep.
When I was in high school.
What a slump.
Man, talk about the money I made on the side by knowing the dogs and flashing numbers to
my friends.
Well, why, what tips were there?
How did you know which dogs were ready to win?
Well, when you're back there as a lead out, you talk to the trainers.
You can see how the dogs are acting.
You get to know the dogs and you could tell.
So when I would lead out the dogs, which ones got the juice?
Yeah.
You could lead out the dog and then my friends would come up to the fence and I would flash
some numbers secretly.
And they would flash them?
Yeah.
Right there, right in the trash.
And it was always number one for some reason.
But now I'd flash them the numbers and they would go place bets for me and I would
make way more money doing that than I did as a lead out.
I'll be damned.
Well, maybe we can make that a regular feature of the show.
And I say, don't have George to just slap out the Gulf Stream anymore.
Maybe you can be the dog track tipster.
Oh, yeah.
And you could tell that like sometimes because they tested drugs in the dogs, you know,
they test them after the races.
But some of the things that they would do is like, keep a dog up all night and walk it
around all night so it'd be tired for the race.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Number of journalists, Jicke.
No, he only ran, he ran at Biscayne and the Hollywood.
They would, they would sandpaper the bottom of the dog's feet so it was 10 years.
That's right.
I've heard that.
Yeah.
So that it would hurt like hell and they would like pull up abruptly.
Yeah.
And then every once in a while a dog would catch the rabbit and die.
What do you mean by that?
Because that rabbit is electronic.
So oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And get fried.
Yep.
That was sad though.
Well, now a Hollywood dog track is Marty Grah and Biscayne is long gone and so is our
good friend, Ken Maldon.
I just can't believe that.
You know, you say to yourself so and so is dead and you can't believe it and Ken Maldon
being one of those people, I just can't believe it.
Although he was 83.
Right.
And he was a lifelong chain smoker.
Big time.
And then he wound up working for Joe Bell.
I wonder which one of those things contributed most heavily to his demise.
Let's take a poll on that someday.
What do you think?
Okay.
342 tallies on our survey right now.
We got two females under 18.
No males under 18.
Male 35 to 5457.
Male 55 plus 78.
Many bogus.
Male 18 to 34.
45.
14.4%.
Female 35 to 54.
16.
Female 55 plus 10.
Female 18 to 34.
For female under 18 too.
Now it doesn't take a genius.
You don't have to do a lot of heavy duty math with those numbers there to figure out that
are average.
average listener is not a male 64 years old.
Right.
So just another aspect of the arbitrage survey that's just totally bogus.
I mean, and the guy that did this seminar for you told you that up front, right?
He said he did not like the panel.
Yeah.
The panel.
The panel of people, yeah, that they selected.
Well, how do they select them?
That I don't know.
Did they ask him, do you hate new riders like Poison?
And you would never listen to them?
And they said, that's right.
That's right.
Could be.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Hey, tell, present.
Over 728 of the greatest songs of love, especially for the lady in your life by Jerry Lewis.
Lady.
When I met you, I'm crazy.
Yeah.
Nobody loves songs for your lady.
All interpreted by the love, myster, himself.
And a inevitable superstar entertainer, Jerry Lewis.
And you'll get your favorite lady, love songs.
Lady, lady.
Lady.
Lady.
It's an amazing compendium of 748 Love Songs for your lady.
All digitally remastered and performed by the masterful superstar, Jerry Lewis.
I'm just Gary, inviting you to join me on KTL Records.
And we play a very special musical tribute to the lady.
You'll get this, arrowsmith classic.
A-A-S-GOOS looks like a lady.
A-A-S-GOOS looks like a lady.
It's Jerry.
It's the little old lady with a pair of tweezers
And Helen Ruddy's head never sounded better
That ain't no way to treat a lady
No way to take a lady to walk under the bed
And listen to Jerry's amazing interpretation of this super hit from the King of Pop
You are the lady with my wife, lady
You're the lady with me
You are the lady with a knife
Jerry Lewis
I am a Batman
I am a baby
That's 748 fabulous ladies on
On 35 CDs or 123 H track tapes
All remixed and glorious model from the original cassette masters
And it's a collection you'll cherish your friends will love
And your lady will never forget
It's all yours for 17 easy payments of only 32.95
And it's only from KTel's
You can tell it's KTel's
We yell
And you smell 1218 at 560 WQA
And where my lower back pain came back again
I think it's caused for a really big lawsuit
It's probably stressed
It's stressed, stressed and doose baby
And the fact that my blood sugar was like 8 million
Scott says 44-year-old in Jacksonville, Lister since 1992
Not hung
Ha ha ha ha ha
Too much information, Scott
Please
Chef Sparky says Neil glad to have you back
Those three days of DA with his O O O were brutal
What does that mean with his O O O 0.0?
O O
Well definitely miss George over the summer
But I do intend to give Flea a listen
Hope he doesn't disappoint
If Joe Belbray's in Sid Rosencrantz, Deanbury
It'll only seal what everyone knows
He's a dumbass
F U Joe Bell and that quizzling clearance as well
43 years old Neil have listened to you since you moved to QAM
Sorry I missed the I O D days
You know some good news though
What's that?
Clarence has gone on vacation for two weeks
Well you know it's funny you mentioned that
And that Chef Sparky mentions him
I was thinking during the break and his usual I forgot
Well what's his take in the middle of all this?
I know that he's strictly a paper pusher
But what's his deal?
In what way?
In regard to the ratings
In regard to this show and regard to all this crap
That's going on I got to spell it out for you?
I don't think there's anybody in this building, anybody in this market that believes the ratings
Except to a bill
I don't he doesn't believe it
Even he admitted to me when he called me 10 days ago whenever it was
He don't believe it either
No, there's no way he can believe it
The only problem that we have is if they don't fix anything
And that's what we're stuck with
Oh yeah for two years
Oh I'm worried about Neil's show
We're not going to have anything left
He's got to work in the summer
No chance
None
Zero
Tuesday, Thursday
Period, no moss
Just to make Tuesday and Thursday very compelling
Oh yeah, I'll be extra compelling every Tuesday and Thursday
On those Tuesdays and Thursdays when I show up
I'll try to be less compelling
So then when you come on Tuesdays and Thursdays you're overly compelling
No, you better be very compelling
Because one thing about George during the summer months
He always held up his end of the bargain
He always compelling
Far and away the highest the numbers on the station
And some summers was actually number one in men in the market
And they did just fine
Which is why they blew him out
Terry, I'm 55, move from Carl Springs back to Naples
Have listened to you since 1984, I love you
Thanks Terry
How old?
55
That's not a bad age, especially when you're 66 almost 67 like me
Old
Old
Old
Chester says that contract of years that you're referring to is a useless piece of paper
Well this is Jason
Chester Copper, oh it's just a snot
The contract says you only work two days a week during the summer
Correct? Isn't this the same contract that stated you get to choose your producer?
You should just wipe your rectum with that contract and save some toilet paper
Your so-called lawyer is a joke and a chump
I for one will be happy to listen to every day this summer
Looking forward to you five days a week this summer
Hold your breath Jason, never gonna happen
There are two chances, much much less than none and minus infinity
Steven Jersey says 53 self-employed listen in Miami for several years before moving back here in 2000
Something that's chopped off other than the listing you want or two times your winning self-floor on business
Went for seven years without your show before finding you on the internet last year
I actually spent most of 2000 something seven and Toronto on business not realizing you were broadcasting from there
I didn't think I'd miss George but I do. Flea is coming along as a personality. You're coming along
All right
The gushing, lathering and general jock sniffing by QA Sport holes during online promotions
Promos is the gayest thing I've ever heard
Gay you fairy well most of them are likely raging homophobes
I have to think they were talking about anybody but jocks that they would be relentlessly gay-bashed
Oh Lebron Jesus
Yeah, Ronnie and Ricky and Ricky and Ronnie and oh Lebron if I hear Lebron one more time I'm gonna kill somebody
Sick of it
PS was down there three weeks ago her defo for two minutes
He doesn't sound like he has a thoughtness head unless something comes spilling out of his mouth
He gets paid for that question mark probably not too much Steve
How's me for doing every now and then somebody oh how's me for doing he's still alive he's still around
He's still over there on 640 on a horse with no name
How about that horse that Larry or Kingwood lady for Lee or whatever was the one all that money on they never want to race right
Greetings from Belgium what's everything I brought that up about the domain report? Yeah you didn't know that huh?
At no idea
Yeah, you can actually go on here and see where what countries people are hitting your website from
Nixon long time listeners says you have a loyal following here in Brussels in Belgium a loyal following in Belgium come on Nixon
That kind of silly
Wish I had a loyal following in Dayton, Broward once upon a time I did once upon a time when we could do the near Roger show
We used to kick some big big bloody smelly ass, but that's a long time ago. That's now when did jolly Joe come in three years ago or two and a half?
I've been here for two so it's been at least two and a half. Oh seems like a lifetime
The pain is just excruciating
Well, let me just check my hot meal one more time to see if Norma is gonna get fully compensated
I don't think so because I'm a little I'm getting real short on cash
Because every time I see I check my checking account I see that this one down there wrote a check for this much and that one wrote another check for you know people are writing checks
Wow
Oh yeah
How do you get one of those checkbooks?
You don't
Oh
Damn it
342 tallies on our survey
That's more than the whole audience
Korean for what's I just looking for?
Oh, for the hot meal. Sorry. Sorry. I'm old and feeble
And I got a hot date with a hot machine today. Yesterday I had a thousand on the wheel aren't you excited?
You did?
I have nothing no letter from Norma Kent
Hmm
He said last night in his last at 11.55 p.m. I will send you a copy of my letter to them tomorrow without the four letter words meaning four letter words
I had put in a message to him about them, which I've had or not used on the air. No
No letter no fully compensated
Korean for it pierces. I'm listening to you online from work. The streaming is fine by the way
I know complaints about the streaming that they thank God no screaming about the streaming
I'm probably one or five people who found out about the show when it was on whammy back in 97 during high school
I'm very happy to say I'll be cutting all ties with the Fort Pierce porcelain Lucie area for good once I head back home to Hollywood in two weeks
Boys, really a hell of a commentary when you're Jones in for Hollywood, you know
Yeah, keep up the great work and this Stanley Cup final is going to be his boring as hell despite he and being a Red Wing's fan Korean Fort Pierce
You're right Red Wing's in the all we're going to be hearing about a Sydney Sydney this Sydney that Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney I don't want to I don't want to see it
I don't want to know from it
Get somebody new and different in their like the Toronto make believes yeah with a Canadian's
Oh, it's been like out of here with that 16 years what it's been like 16 years since I've been in a Stanley Cup
The Canadians yeah no way it's been a long time I think 93 was the last time they went to the Stanley Cup finals
Are you smitten me or what I'll double check it, but I think that's right now you better double checker because I think it's been
67 the Leafs one in 67 they won four times in the 60s and that was it that's the last time they even went much less one it
67 that's for end of black Hawks well forget about them
61 I believe for them is their last time they want to Stanley Cup
Won't be winning it this year
They really let us down they really disappointed Larry says the other day when a big O stepped into your show for a few minutes
Had to be the funniest thing I've ever heard that half wooded twit couldn't keep up with you at all then when he mentioned man crush and you were like
What man crush it's a fag crush like flea almost exploded?
Did you almost explode I got to tell you that was pretty funny I never laughed so hard and flea probably passed a stone
45 year old male here from the light bulb these thanks Larry
Yeah, it's not a man crush on Luis Miguel say fag crush
It's Friday you best here's a mobile in bokeh hello. Yeah, how you doing? I'm doing okay? Well, you know
So I wanted to talk to you a little bit about this fraternity business that you mentioned and they just wanted to ask if you have any best friends
And how long have you had those best friends or what does that mean well it means what does that have to do with this?
It has to do with everybody's best friends. I mean if they have any friends at all sure
It has to do with a fraternity and not necessarily taking showers or or all the other hazing and whatnot that goes on
But it has to do with hanging out with a bunch of guys. I have two I have two best friends one is straight one is gay
I've never had sex with either one of them. I've never seen either one of them naked nor have any desire to do either one of the above
Okay, in a fraternity don't take showers with them don't stab towels at them. All right in a fraternity house
We don't socialize by can showers together if a guy takes a shower and the other guy's got to go to class
He goes in the shower as well. It's not a question of socializing in the shower. I'm not talking about socializing in the shower fraternities
We're talking about hazing and initiations and fraternities and group sex. I'll tell you about hazing and initiation when you are when you're in the age of
Adolescence 18 19 and you're trying to find yourself in college whatever it may college may be fraternities lend itself to putting a bunch of
Guys that are like you would I say like you I mean they like the same interest they play the same sports
They're a group of guys together that
Automatically for some reason I can't explain why become your good friends for life now
When you have a good friend and like I mentioned to you when you have a best friend or someone who's a good friend of yours
You share experiences with them and part of becoming sexual experiences
No, well it could be it could be two guys on a girl it could be two girls on two guys it could be you know
In the bathroom four guys taking showers with four girls the experience sexual or not sexual is irrelevant
No, no, it is not it's not irrelevant at all of course it is not when you're in a fraternity your your goals are to make friends because you have friends
Sir because you have a best friend or a bunch of good friends doesn't mean a that you take showers with them because you're going to be friends for a long time and
Be certainly doesn't mean that you share sexual experiences with them or that you have a group sex with them
You know some of the I belong to a health club and in the health club that I want to it's a completely heterosexual health club
Yeah, the shower is a shower with with six thoughts on it now
Do you think that I become part of that health club so that I can work out with guys and then go take showers?
I have no idea you can answer that question
But that's not how I do although I will tell you this there are plenty of guys who do but that's beside the point
That's beside the point me personally I do not that's a bastion of homosexual activity is in health clubs
I do not go and join the fraternity we believe you don't sound defensive we believe you yeah
We believe in community and communal showers and group sex and what not is not a question what is the point of group sex?
The point of a fraternity and hazing and the point of becoming a point of another what is the point of making another what is the point of making a young kids get naked what is the point of
I'll tell you what it is I'll tell you I'll give you a straight forward and please a straight answer when you belong to a fraternity
And I'll say it again you belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friends for life and part of the party is that
Why does that require them getting naked for you?
Let me finish part of the experience of having a best friend whether it may be a best friend that you play soccer with or whether it may be a best friend that you go out drinking with
Yeah, you share you share intimate moments not that's intimate moments that's sexual when I think intimate I don't mean sexual
I mean intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience with anybody else who's not your friend for example
Sure, you know something this sounds so faggy to me that even I'm embarrassed for you sir you want to know it sounds very faggy to me
Running through the beach naked you guys you're never going to share experience with anybody else not even your wife or your kids are any other friends that you make your friends
Why would you run why would you run a run to make it with a bunch of guys why do you want to do that?
Hold on it hazing is not a question of you want you don't have a choice
Right right and when why do you want to force these kids to be naked why do they always have to take their clothes off my my closet friend
I don't every day that hangs out at the showers at the gym. Why don't you tell me the real story here pal?
I don't every day experience people do not in a fraternity walk around naked nor do they make it
No stop stop up again stop with a smoke screen stop with a steam in the steam bath. Okay. Let's get back to the meat of the matter. Tell me why you want to see make these guys get naked. What is that all about?
It's a matter of respect. It's a matter of respect for what no it's a matter of lack of respect for them by you. It's a matter of lack of respect. If I respect somebody I'm not going to force them to
Degrade themselves and embarrassing humiliate themselves in order to be part of my club. If you're going to be part of a particular group of friends and guys who says that I want to tell you I want to tell you this.
I want to tell you this. Okay. Without any more discussion. It's very simple. A child could tell you if somebody demands that I get naked in order to be their friend I'll pass. Okay. There's a good message for all you kids out there. If any other male your age older whatever
If they demand that you take your clothes off and engage in some kind of naked hanky panky in order to be a part of their club in order to be your buddy in order to be their pal run like a band it run like a son of a bitch that's the best call I've ever had in my life. Amen.
Pro 38 22 to one let's just play that to a little to a clock. Okay. So I forgot to mention this. Oh, two things I forgot to mention Terry bar died. Okay.
X lines player XO receiver for lines. And University of Michigan too. Terry bar he was a good. He was damn good. He's on the record books for one of the longest past plays in Michigan history. 70 yards to run
Kramer and for kickoff and puck returns. I don't know he was a quarterback in Michigan. No. But he was a wide receiver for the Alliance and I was right about the Canadian's 1993 was the last time they went to the stand and cut finals they beat the L.A. Kings. Oh, and thanks to a cliff and candle for sending me this picture of a Levi hunting rabbits.
You know Levi Johnston up there in Alaska not personally. Well, I mean, you know who he is. Yeah. Although there's some picture circulating around with somebody sent me a couple of those to him.
Sure. Oh, he's got like flabby boobies man. Sorry. Pretty face nasty body. But anyway, speaking of mistakes. So FedEx screwed up, which is unusual for them. I love FedEx. They mixed up a package that somebody was sending to me with a package that someone was sending to somebody in Connecticut. And for whatever reason, my name is on the package that showed up here. My name and address.
I open it up and it's a bunch of smart for life chocolate chip cookies released. They're called cookies right. Oh boy. Bad huh? Oh boy. This is supposed to be part of a diet program. Eat cookies lose weight. Well, first of all, they're not like cookies. They're more like muffins. And let me just sum it up with one sound.
Come on to your life. I'm Hollywood with another edition of America's bottom 40. Want to you buy the Oxy five companies newest acne medication. Oxy moan. Five for a pimple free teenagers.
And sweet child of mine. Well, if I had a child around the house today, I'd have these four words for lead guitarist flash and his cohorts to stay the hell away.
Number two, you will who says there ain't no living in a perfect world. And especially not for you. You reasons you don't speak proper English. And a number one George Michael sings. He's got a monkey on his back. Well, I would imagine it's getting a little crowded back.
But then again, you probably don't mind. And by the way, George, there are these remarkable shaving instruments called razor.
I won and lose that silly. I want to be a hero is moving down on the charts and deservedly so.
Apparently, Johnny also reached music. I don't think he'll status his him and a Johnny so get a real job. And there is a song I like, Rod Stewart's newest release forever young. And for a moment, I thought was a song about me forever hung.
And now it's time for a long distance dedication. It comes first from a listener in Pasadena, California, right to their KC. I'm 16 years old. President of my class and six foot two. I've brought here way 175 pounds and started quarter back for my high school.
The KC I have a problem. The girls simply will not leave me alone. It seems as though I've they want me for is my good looks my excellent physique.
Like I can't be just like me as a friend. Creep hands a person instead of some sex object and quit hitting upon me all the time. KC, do you have any suggestions? Signed God. Well, here's my answer. Dear Flaming Harbor.
14 to 1 and 560 WQ I am. I was speaking of Shivu's memory. I told you I had this long thing about you. I found it. Okay.
Got a big pile man when you got a big pile. Sometimes it takes a long time to find your crap. Howard says happy Shivu's I was listening from my car this afternoon when you spoke about it.
Having studied the Torah and I find it interesting that we Jews claim that this holiday is the time of giving the Torah to the people. The rabbis are making that up.
Anyone who's read the account of what took place at Mount Sinai for discussion purposes. I'll assume it's literally correct, which clearly is not.
Notice that what happened is that God, sorry, I am religious, just practical in living in the 21st century, spoke to 10 commandments and there's no mention of the Torah.
In fact, the Torah does not talk about the Torah until the last book, Doodoroony, about halfway through. And it's not clear that Doodoroony is actually referring to the Torah scroll that we have today.
Getting choked up, thinking about those cookies. Oh God. I can go on for hours about this. I wonder who sent that crap to me.
I don't know. Where did they get my name and address from? Good question. It came from somebody in Boka.
Anyway, it says I could go on for hours about this, but that would bore you. Tell George to look at two kings, 25 to see where King Josiah finds the scroll.
A George look, which modern theory has is the book of Doodoroony, then a standalone book. I told you I could go on for hours, probably written by his high priest, Hakaia.
He'll Kaya. I just wanted you to know this is just another bubble, my see, and also that people can be religious, but realistic and also religious, but a big fan of yours.
We can just disagree about the existence of God. He keeps writing a G-D, you know.
Although I agree about the toxicity of many churches, synagogues, et cetera, but I don't agree that all of them are like that and respect your God given ability to ignore it, calling him G-D is ridiculous, probably only done because Hebrew unlike formal languages has no new to pronouns.
Every word is either masculine or feminine. There's no such thing as it in Hebrew. For sure, what was don't forget to eat cheesecake.
Ooh, okay, I like it already. I forget why, but it's supposed to be appropriate.
Yeah, but make sure it's kosher cheese. It says to help with your sugar level on this important holiday.
I'll listen in the car and I'll wait a shoulder mark in case you read this as you sometimes read my emails. How are the email or formerly how are the facts here?
Not how are the David it says that's funny because I was at public yesterday. I know is a Jewish guy buying a cheesecake.
How do you know he was Jewish? He had a Yamakon. Oh my God. Oh, I live in Adventurus.
He had a beanie on. He did and he was getting cheesecake. All you orthodox Jews that make your kids wear beanies and all the other kids laugh at them. Shame on you.
Shame on you. It's like the Muslims that send their little girls to school with that. What do they call it? The Berkha?
The Haji. Maybe somebody can explain to us the difference between Halal and kosher.
You know from Halal? I know from nothing. Well, in the Middle Eastern countries like Lesbianan and Syria and others, the Muslims are into Halal, which is the equivalent of orthodox Jews with kosher.
And since you don't eat meat, you don't have to worry about meat and milk. No. Rodney in Kendall, says, I'm a 33 year old listening since I was 18.
If the rumors are true about Sid coming to QM, I will never listen after two. Go back to New York and stand in front of a bus. It's his Rodney.
I don't think that rumors. I think that it's a fate of complete from all the scuttle but that's going around the market. Are you hearing it? Oh, yeah.
So the big O is going to get the axe evidently or who knows? Maybe the big O will be doing 10 to 2 or maybe Sid will be doing 10 to 2. Who knows what evil plots these people are hatching?
Neil, I'm 43 year old male. But listen to you since 84. Love the show for all those years. I've lived in Miami till 94. Then had to go. You know why?
I don't get it. I listen online every day that you're on. Bring Marvin. Oh, no.
PS Chris Bonadonna is a DB. Oh, talk about bad old memories. Bad old memories.
I'm a 23 year old unemployed male. Been listening to you for 11 years. My parents didn't let me listen to you when I was 12.
So I had to have my tape recorder set up to automatically record you in the middle of the day. I'd connect my boom box recorded in one of those AC plug time or things to turn on at 10 a.m.
And I tape record with a tape the record button down. When 10 a.m. came, nobody would be home in my boom box would turn on and record your show every day at rush home just to listen to those sweet 30 minutes on one side of a cassette tape.
Now I can download your entire show like in five minutes. Anyways, keep up the good work and talk about some issues like the old days instead of being a whiny.
Oh God, not this one again. Good ridden us to George. Welcome to the show. Flea Jenkins Johnson. Yeah, go away.
Boring. Well, here's one that says Jeff DeForest will smash your face in. Oh, God. I'm really worried about. I'm scared. Yeah. I'm a scared of D.Fo. Aren't you a little bit. He's a really scary guy like Luke, a Brotsy.
369 tallies on our survey. Which are you? We're doing a demographic thing if you tuned in late because they had a seminar on the new arbitrage methodology.
And the guy who conducted it says according to the arbitrage on the average listener on this show is now a 64 year old male. Right.
To which we say, oh, yeah, likely story. Which are you 373 people have chimed in on there so far?
Male 35 to 5491. Male 55 plus 95 of which maybe half are bogus male 18 to 34 51. Female 35 to 54 19. Female 55 plus 11. Female 18 to 34.
Four four female under 18 to male under 18 none zero. Zipity due to out of 173 people. I was not about four times what arbitrage is. Is our total audience. Yeah.
Leave it to me. The luck I got. They they all of a sudden after all these years they switched from the diaries to this new bogus methodology. Suspect at best.
And the current management like, oh geez, I'm worried about news show after the summer. There won't be any audience left at all. That sounds like a real ringing endorsement of your ability to sustain whatever little audience we've got left.
And this coming from a man who has worked feverishly feverishly in conjunction with his girlfriend Joyce to destroy whatever vestiges we had left of the show.
I don't know what to tell you. You'll under what to tell you that this this man gives me spiel keys. You're good, buddy. You're your close personal pal.
I guess Norma didn't need to write any letter because I think I made it pretty clear when I came on today. See this is this is not like something like firing George, which I had no control over. Right.
This is something that they can't force me to do. In other words, during the summer months, I won't be here Monday Wednesday or Friday. I will not be showing up.
So unlike the George thing, which I had no control over, this one I have total control. I will absolutely not be here doing Monday, Wednesday or Friday from the 20th of June till a week after Labor Day, whatever date that is September, something got it.
Yep. So be prepared.
Finns fan marks is listening out in California. Show is OK to me. Not great, but OK to me. I listen to the big ol' mad dog while I work, but turn the computer on at 80 and Pacific time.
I thought George did a great job when filling in for you. I actually thought that the show is better with him. Maybe it's the generation gap. Good luck to you, Flee in Georgia's future.
Finns fan mark. PS maybe having big O's I guess can happen more often. I do usually enjoy your show, but listen for the sports talk later in the day.
Well, then you talk about a backhanded bunch of compliments. Your show is OK. Like that better with George. Maybe George is coming back to do 10 to 2 and I just retire.
What do you think? Maybe or here, Oishmojju, response to my question about kosher and halal. Oh, good. Is kosher halal?
Oh, oftentimes, Muslim consumers tend to assume kosher is similar to halal, although the slaughtering rituals of Jewish people resemble those of Muslims kosher and halal are two different entities carrying a different meaning in spirit.
Muslims, therefore, are provided with the following basic information about kosher so they can exercise care and distinguishing halal from kosher and they don't want to burning inhale and missing out on all those virgins.
Well, this should kill some really excellent time. Chester says, what's the deal with a stupid Joe Roe show promo? Damned dramatic music crap. One thing Joe Roe says is not dramatic death to Joe Roe said at any nice.
Maybe that's the guy whose son was texting on his crackberry and the restaurant last night. Maybe while Joe had his nose and their business.
I think we have just got the rel and when I'm up in Boca Tika slapping old women with painted lips around the pool, I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers fair and balanced one to two hours.
Hey, Farah, by the way, I've been giving it some thought.
See, oh, what do you think of this? I know that me and you can do much better going six to ten and not in five.
A gentile in the cranky Jew. I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your weary bed. Spass on to sight. No chance on to a show with Joe.
I'd rather die with the grassy together.
Why I'll help you know that I'm a big, buggy Jew from Brooklyn Heights. I've been raped by everybody but you. You're not high-timey.
We in love, this is that with love. No way that if we had a fight that you'd survive, you'd wanna hear a gentile and push it tight. That's crappy together.
A show with Joe and me for me is much better six to ten and not in five. It's only right that I should get more sleep at night. I think we might be happy to get there.
What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think of this? What do you think
of this? What do you think of this?
