The music's pressed on the previous programs are those of the host and the music broadcast group.
Okay, it's staff, advertisers, and agency.
It's the greatest day, baby.
I don't think it'll be so okay.
Listening to the fourth radio five, sixteen WQA and my Emmy for the other day.
Really, some state of affairs when you pray for just, okay, we'll take it.
What's the silence there?
There's a silence, did you hear that?
Or you're playing something real quiet?
It's very low, yeah.
Wow.
That.
Self-in-ITTS.
What is that?
It's a thing sounds orchestra.
The what?
The sounds orchestra.
And...
As you are paid to the win.
Oh yeah.
As you are paid to the win.
Five, sixteen WQA and Presents.
The Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil.
Dial five, sixteen seven, eight.
Only four more days in portion to be in date and Broward.
Oh, how do you know the county?
Oh, go forget, get very happy.
Seven, seven, seven, eight.
Seven, eight.
Wait for a two-pound five-six.
Why don't you load it in?
And for all you work on a money, Georgia will be on the unpaid intellectualized rate of
all his guests.
Or his colleagues do not represent those of WQA and management staff or sponsors.
Now, the Neil Roger Show.
On five, sixteen WQA and...
It's Friday, you bastard.
I shaved my balls for my girl Holly.
So shall it come, Michael Holly.
Maybe next time I'll just whack some puna.
As they grow back, I'll have discretion.
Let's just play that for four hours.
Get the sound talking.
10-01560 WQM Happy Friday, to you.
January 16, boy, the sun is shining here at his colder than in which his earlobe, man, it is freezing.
Oh, but it was 50s and 60s here and here.
You should have been talking about how cold it was down here.
Yeah, let me hear your cry.
It's 55, man.
I'm sitting in 55 below zero and I'm worried about 55.
What about your whosus, man?
That's what happens when he gets spoiled with the mild weather.
I love it.
I like it too.
Weather was fine that WQA was down there a couple weeks ago.
It was beautiful every single day.
Well, let's start out with the Trish Cabivol.
Before I get to the usual hostility, you're getting a hostile email.
I don't believe it.
Where is it?
Oh, yeah, let me start with the hostile one.
Not really a hostile.
Yeah, it is hostile.
Jackie says greetings.
Let me start by saying I love the show Listen daily in half a year.
However, I am continually confounded when it comes to some of your behaviors and preferences.
Ooh, the fact you don't appreciate a very talented Rachel Maddo, but never failed to shovel praise on the very silly and highly overrated marine doubt leaves me be fuddled.
See, marine doubts are calmness.
And I've always said she's very bad when the hebron is a guest on the ear.
She comes across bad, very silly and overrated, but her columns are great in spite of what Jackie says.
Whereas Miss Maddo offers up real analysis, Miss Dowd seems to think playing with gender stereotypes makes her columns relevant.
She is wrong.
Miss Dowd's shalonness is always on display whether she's feminizing Gore Edwards in Obama or characterizing Hillary.
It's masculine.
I don't think it takes marine doubt to characterizing Hillary as masculine.
No, no, no.
She's got a big one.
I'll guarantee you that.
Just like that picture.
Remember that picture we got yesterday?
Yep.
You're in tendled to your opinion, but what's your rationale?
To sum it up, Miss Maddo is substance over style.
Miss Dowd is a lightweight gossip columnist.
I will be outlining and detailing your other character flaws and future emails just just kidding maybe.
Okay.
Just kidding maybe regards J.M.
I should I should frame that.
That's the way I'm adding and detailing your other character flaws and future emails.
That's great. Thanks Jackie so much.
I don't like Rachel Maddo.
I know people you don't have to know.
It's not how she looks.
I don't care how she looks.
Why would an old bag like me care how she looks?
I mean, I could see if she was hot or even look warm.
I could see people defending you know, but she's hot, you know, guys or dikes defending her.
But she's not even look warm and her delivery is just leaves me.
She's I don't know.
And she's got all these affectations since she nods her head around.
I don't know.
I don't like her.
And every time I say don't like her, get a hostile email.
You don't like women.
You're a fat.
You don't like women.
Okay.
Woman hating faggot.
That's me.
Francis McDormand, there's another one yesterday.
It took me a long time to come up with.
Who think of a woman that you don't hate?
Yeah.
Very nice.
Very nice.
At least I don't hate my wife.
Who does?
I don't hate my wife.
Boy, you sure could fool us.
Huh?
See?
Anybody that causes wife a bitch all the time on your ear.
Oh, please, who doesn't?
Oh.
Well, I don't know.
That's out of my league.
It's out of my territory.
That's right.
If you had a wife, you'd call her a bitch to.
Probably.
Trish Cabibble says, good morning, Neil.
God, I'm looking so looking forward to next week in the rebirth of Hope in this country.
The below email is circulating around the Internet.
I was hoping you might read it down the ear.
Thanks for keeping us laughing.
Love Trish Cabibble.
And the thing that's supposedly circulating around the Internet says,
ladies, not over our first lady, Michelle Obama.
Tuesday, January 20th has been declared, girls with pearls.
Every lady is requested to wear a stranded pearls regardless of the outfit you choose to wear on that day,
even if it's your pajamas.
Please pass the word to all your friends.
Thanks.
Thanks from somebody somewhere out there in the ETHRIC.
We got the ratings coming any minute, boy.
Oh, what a day this is going to be.
Get that bonus money ready.
Here's the poll result from yesterday.
We got a thousand and one votes, then I changed it.
What accessory do you regularly wear to announce to people your religion,
nationality, or ethnicity?
85.5% of this, he'd an audience say, they don't wear any such accessory.
857.
They don't wear no chachkis.
Christian Cross necklace, 62.
Really good if you have like a little wolf bane around too, is really great.
Starved David necklace, 18, a Muslim headdress, 16.
Did they call it headdress?
Headdress sounds like something in Indians wear.
Headdress.
They're all headdresses, man.
They're all dresses.
If it dresses your head, it's a headdress.
A American flag lapel pin 16, a high necklace 9.
Yarmaka 8, Buddha necklace 7, Saint necklace 5, and some other lapel pin,
like the American Legion or VFW.
What are those stagia things?
Three out of a thousand one votes.
Well, there are some people that want to advertise, you know, what their religion is,
what their, whatever it is, bumper stickers, these chachkis we were just talking about.
They're advertising it.
They're flunting it, just like I'm flunting like, you know, Brady Quinn is hot.
Oh, there he goes with Brady Quinn again.
Oh my God.
He's all right.
He's no Matt Castle.
NASA discovers evidence of possible life on Mars.
Oh my God.
How do you like that?
Plumes of methane gas detected on Mars could be a sign of geological and biological or biological activity.
They're farting up a storm on Mars.
Methane gas, possibly the latest indication that life can be sustained on the red planet
according to a study released on Thursday.
Wow.
The presence of methane implies active geological or possibly even biological processes on Mars
and the amount of methane observed on the red planet is comparable to some active sites on Earth.
The study published in the journal Science, Be Finding.
Oh, look at that Sunday all the way up to 22 Fahrenheit here.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
We believe this definitely increases the prospects for finding life on Mars.
Principal researcher Michael Mooma told the Washington Post, Mama.
No other discovery has done as much to increase the chances of finding life.
How do you like that?
Oh, God.
Would that be something?
Researcher, maybe we could find some new management on Mars.
Researchers noted that living systems produce more than 90% of Earth's methane
with the other 10% being geochemical in origin.
Researchers said that one primary plume of Martian methane contained an estimated 19,000 metric tons of gas
about as much as this produced at massive hydrocarbon sea at Coal Oil Point in Santa Barbara, California.
Whatever that means.
The scientists say they've detected seasonal variations of methane emissions over the same locations on Mars
but remain uncertain about the source of the gas.
The methane we detected is of unknown age.
Its origin could be ancient or perhaps recent, wrote Mooma of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center.
Both geochemical and biological origins have been explored but no consensus has been emerged.
Mooma and a team of researchers used high dispersion infrared spectrometers to monitor
about 90% of the planet's surface for three Martian years, the equivalent of seven Earth years for their study.
How do you like that?
Methane gas.
They're farting up a storm on Mars.
Joyce don't like it though.
I bet she's pissed off about it.
I'd send her to Mars and see if she likes it there.
Bitch.
Oh, and one other little tidbit before those ratings start trickling in.
I think they're going to be for us really.
I mean, the station is bad.
Really, really, really bad.
I could be wrong.
And it's the fall book. It's the dolphin book.
Right.
I would be it was the same thing.
Oh, it's the dolphin book and the same thing here.
These people really think that because the dolphin games are in the radio,
which anybody with a brain watches them on television for free, you know,
unless you're in the car.
And of course, if you're in the car who wants your Jimmy Cifalus anyway.
So is it true that he's getting pushed out or not?
Don't we know?
I don't know.
Oh, and by the way, those of you who are big fans of Fat Chris Walen and miss him so badly,
Josh Cortis came by this morning before the show and reports that he still put up the stories
and that Fat Chris hasn't shown any inclination to want to put the stories up there.
It doesn't even know how to do it yet.
I thought all month long he'd been putting them up.
You're a good friend Chris, not highly motivated.
Yeah.
Fat people believe me.
I know from personal experience,
Fat people are not highly motivated.
We're lazy.
Lazy.
The UN yesterday suspended the operation in Gaza after his really shell smashed into its compound,
setting fire to warehouses of badly needed aid and prompting outrage from UN Chief Ban Ki-moon as he arrived in Israel.
Israeli tank shells fell inside the UN RWA complex in Gaza injuring three of its employees.
We've decided to suspend all our operations.
Also, another humanitarian group, Karen and Nationals, said it too,
had been forced to suspend all deliveries of food and medical supplies due to heavy bombardment
in and around its warehouses and distribution sites in Gaza City.
Ban told reporters in Tel Aviv,
I've conveyed my strong protest and outrage in demand of a full explanation for the Defense Minister and Foreign Minister.
He told reporters in Tel Aviv.
Ban said Defense Minister Ehud Barak had assured him the incident had been a grave mistake,
which was taken very seriously.
In other words, oops, oops, oh, more dead people, oops, all your relief supplies, oops, there they go again.
So they're just dying over there.
Same old crap. They've been doing for thousands of years. They practice makes perfect.
They just want to kill each other is what they want to do and just leave us out of it.
That's what I've always said about that whole business over there. Leave us out of it.
I want to give you an update.
I want to give an update.
Yes?
Our printer sucks over here in this corner of the building.
Oh, no.
The numbers came in, but they're illegible, so they're going to be reprinted on the other company.
You're illegible?
And then you'll get your copy.
Oh, I think that's a ruse. I think they're stolen.
That's a kangaroo's.
So they're illegible and they're doing what?
Going to reprint them on another printer.
No, they're going to make some up.
Okay. Great.
Probably not a bad idea.
Makes some real good ones up. Then we get some bonus money.
Oh, we had a 90 share.
Oh, yeah.
Eat your heart, actually, me syphilitic.
With all the people who can be of some influence in your daily life, who did you trust the least?
That's Charlie B. Suda intellectual.
Even the question is just convoluted.
116 votes on this poll.
Politician 66.
Financial expert 17.
TV talking heads 14.
QAM management. They got my vote.
Six lawyers.
Six medical doctors.
Four.
George Rodriguez.
Two Neil Rogers.
Two out of 116.
Four people. Don't trust us.
We'll screw them.
It does never strike.
It is. Come on.
The legible.
My name is David.
I don't want to.
I'm being forced to leave.
Neil Rogers.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
Little Nancy was in the garden filling a hole when her neighbor Sean looked over the fence.
Interested in what the little girl was up to, he asked, what are you doing, Nancy?
My goldfish died.
Nancy replied, tearfully, without even looking up.
And I've just buried him.
Sean was concerned.
That's an awfully big hole for a goldfish.
Isn't it, Nancy?
Nancy patted down the last heap of earth and then replied, that's because he's inside your stupid cat.
Now page two.
Susan and a baby were in the doctor's examining room waiting for Dr. Ed to arrive.
When the doctor came in, he examined the baby, checking his weight and found that it was somewhat below.
Normal?
Dr. Ed asked if the baby was breastfed or potl-fed.
Breastfed replied, Susan.
Well, stripped down to your waist, the doctor asked, and Susan did.
Dr. Ed pressed, kneaded, rolled, cupped, and pinched both breasts in a detailed, rigorously thorough examination.
Motioning for Susan to get dressed, Dr. Ed said, it's no wonder this baby is under weight.
You haven't got any milk.
I know, Susan replied, I'm his grandmother, but I'm glad I came.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
1018 at 560 WQM.
Let's see, Mario says, Neal, you're going to kick everyone's smelly ass in the ratings.
The only ass we're going to kick on this stage is our own.
Believe me, we've been doing that for quite a while and we drove Bell era.
Right, our own on each others.
Here's one, says it's so great here, you're up there freezing your ass off while I'm down here in the warmth and enjoying all the hot Latina ass I can handle.
That's a great place for you up there.
Actually come to think of it, you're too close to the border, I'm thinking maybe none of it.
None of it would be good for you.
I'm sure the Indians up there would build a big casino for you.
Well good.
As long as they pay off, as long as they got good machines, man.
Here's one from Mac.
Rachel Maddo sucks, well maybe she doesn't it says.
I worked with her, she's bright and well read, but like chirping crickets on the radio.
I almost had a heart attack when I saw her cleaned up for MSNBC.
I thought if she ever wore makeup, she'd melt like the wicked wits of the West.
By the way, Air America just renewed her contract.
She has had her show cut to one hour so she can show her push on MSNBC more often.
Well maybe not it said.
So there's somebody else who was not a big fan and worked with her, how do you like that?
I don't know, I mean, I don't have to watch and I don't.
I watch like the first minute and see if I'm like warmed up to her at all.
Like if she's going to say anything that might captivate me or I don't know.
She's Keith Obram and Light is what she is.
Then of course MSNBC and their infinite wisdom, after she's done, then they put Keith Obram and replay on again.
He's on like three out of five hours or something like that.
Just like a softball with Chris Matthews is on two out of three hours between like five and eight.
They're just they're clueless MSNBC. They're at a loss.
How the numbers come in there, George?
Oh yeah, look at that. Nothing.
Well, what do you mean by that?
No one has given me anything yet.
Well, how long could it take them to re reprint as long as it takes?
Long as it takes to like postpone the inevitable.
You're presuming that there is a working printer in the building somewhere here.
I mean, this one works over here.
Yeah.
Oh, that's the problem.
The wait a minute. Somebody just came in clearance.
Yep.
Is he smiling? Is he frowning? He said, what I called it by my mistake last night.
I got a message from him from last week. I thought it was from yesterday.
Who is the most pleasant conversation we've had in years?
Oh, two seconds.
Hello and goodbye.
What do you want besides men 25?
What about that clink crash?
What do I want? What?
Besides men 25, 54 to what do you want?
That's it.
Okay.
So we need that's our demo. That's where your that's where your bonus money is coming from.
Are we on the first four out of the fourth page, fifth page?
Well, you want me to look or do you want me to go ahead and send them?
It's more fun that way.
We're on the first page.
I'm told we are on the first page.
Do we do fairly well?
Yes.
Did we do okay?
I'm over here at the facts machine.
What?
Dad Gummett. I was over there faxing you the numbers. I'm starting the procedure.
We're on the first page you're told that he say we did okay or?
He said okay. He said better.
Is what he said better.
We're maybe we're getting there better and you want to know why no more phone calls.
That's why this is October November, December.
Most of which is Schmidt Candos damn phone call.
I'm your friend. I'm your friend.
Anything anybody who thinks that that's a radio show is an absolute moron.
Dumber than W.
And that's saying a lot.
So they got that plane out of the water yet or what?
That pilot did a hell of a job, man.
Yes, he did.
But we want to keep one.
Chessley or something his name is.
Chessley?
Yeah.
Now are you faxing me stuff or what?
Yeah.
Oh, because I don't know here anything yet.
I'm pretty excited about this.
Hear this?
Oh, there you hear it?
It's cooking.
It's making those sounds the facts machines and the copiers make.
Maybe this is that Spanish interference again.
Okay.
Let's see what we got the whole week Monday to Sunday, 6 a.m. to midnight.
Men 25 to 54.
Radio Ritmo.
Oh, this is a bad omen for us.
Whoa.
Radio Ritmo went from 4th to numero uno.
In men, 6.1.
They went from a 4 in the summer to a 6.1.
Wow.
Can you say, suppose and suppose?
How one of five dropped from first to second, 5.6.
CMQ FAMA dropped from second to third, 4.9.
Here, IODAM 3.6 to a 3.8.
Not such a big deal tied for fourth, Jimmy.
Ty, oh, this is the whole week.
Oh.
Big 4.2 to a 3.8.
Down.
Up.
Up in position.
They went from 5th to tied for fourth, but their share went from a 4.2.
Down to a 3.8.
And this is before Bubba came on.
Or can you imagine what he's going to do to ancient Paul and Old Ron?
Wow.
EDR is number 6.3.7 share.
This is the entire week, et cetera.
MIB men in black went from a 1.9 to a 3.6.
That's suspicious to me.
Isn't that suspicious to you, mighty suspicious?
A little bit.
HDR went from tied for 10th and 9th power.
Stayed with a 3.3 from 10th in the summer to 10th in the fall.
They're consistent.
That's not their demo anyway.
Then the coast, where the hell is QA?
Look at that 2.9 to a 3.0.
Oh, yeah, baby.
We're on the move.
Cumin up a little bit.
Not much.
Pretty embarrassing.
But we're still 13th in men, 2554th to station.
Where's Waxi?
I-N-Z 2.0 to a 2.4.
Waxi, 3.5 down to a 2.2.
They were in a 2.2 over there across the street.
They went from 9th to 21st.
Wow.
How the not so mighty have fallen.
A bit of a slide.
What?
I said, that's a bit of a slide.
Slide?
That's like falling off the face of the globe.
Wow.
I can't wait to see what Sid the Yid did in the morning now that they renewed his deal.
If he did a 1 or a 2 something.
A 1 or a 2.
A 1 or a 2.
Here's a 6 to 10 AM in 25 to 54.
Radio Ritmo, who obviously got a bunch of wired diaries.
Number 1 with a 7.7 share.
What do they play at Radio Ritmo?
I don't know.
Ritmo?
In VK?
See that cruise?
I know that's a rhetorical question.
It's right up your alley.
Pally?
How one of five second?
They dropped from 1st.
They still had a 6.9.
But Radio Ritmo with all those wired diaries passed them like they were sitting down.
Big.
Number 3.
From a 6.0 to a 5.7.
And that's before bubble in on the air.
Boy, he's going to kick their ass.
MIB, men in black.
From a 2.3 to a 5.1.
What I tell you about suspicious wired diaries.
MIB.
Keep your eye on that turkey.
Radio Amor.
4.2 down to a 3.7.
WSDJ.
2.1 to a 3.4.
WIOD.
3.2 to a 3.4 in the morning.
Wow.
What a big move there, Jimmy.
From 8th to tied for 6th.
Woo!
Heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy duty.
That's Jimmy's syphiletic for you.
That's thanks to that one big...
I guess it was November.
They got a big big month.
That's what the trend showed.
Now let's see.
Mornings where the hell are our guy?
To throw...
3.4 down to a 2.6 from 7th to 13th.
And that's...
That's Zach again with that Drew Rosenstein and all those stupid guests they keep putting on
because they've all got their own live spot.
3.4 down to a 2.6.
My God, Joe.
That's no joke no matter.
Waxy, however.
Not to be outdone.
Sid the kid dropped from a 2.
I told you it was going to be a 1.
Something to 2.8 tied for 10th to 1.7.
21st from tied for 10th to 21st.
Waxy and wins INZ from 1.9
Scare America to 1.4 in the morning.
That's bad.
That is...
Can you believe that Sid the kid?
I believe it.
We didn't go up.
What is he talking about?
I don't know.
Well, we went up a position but the share dropped and the CUME dropped.
CUME dropped off the face of the globe.
Number one in midday.
CMQ FAMI.
Seven share.
Down from an 8-year but still number one.
No speaking English.
If you speak English in this market you might as well shut the transmitter off.
IOD 4th to 2nd.
See I told you Rush had this humongous book.
The right wingers got the diaries.
Especially in November.
I can just imagine the monthly for IOD in November.
6.3.
That's your sounds a lot more than the 3.6 Jimmy.
Loser.
Radio RITMO 49.
HDR from a 3.3 to a 4.2.
I wonder how come MIB.
Oh yeah, they went from a 2.1 to a 2.7 in midday.
They didn't get as many wired diaries as they did the rest of the day.
We went from a 4.0 in the summer to a 3.9 in the fall.
From 6 to 5th.
Timespelt listening went up.
CUME went down but Timespelt listening went up.
3.9 we had.
That's your beats of 3.6 Jimmy.
And this is on the station that nobody can hear.
How do you like that?
Right.
Oh, trust me.
That'll be higher when we get to the midday.
With that tremendous lineup they got over there.
Oh, they went from a 3.5 down to a 2.0.
Oh boy.
They went from 9th to 21st.
I told you, they exist only as a figment of their own imagination.
They talk a good game but other than that, they got nothing.
Oh, we're going to kick your ass Rodgers.
You'll see.
Yeah, Jorge Siddano.
And Sid the kid with a 1-something.
A 1-something share.
Boy, I'm getting that car right now and I take the whole family and be on my way back to New York by midnight.
God, that's pathetic.
I mean, our guy had the 2-6 which is bad enough but a 1.7 share.
I want supposed to be your real station and I say supposed to be.
Look at Rodio Hintmo, boy.
Talk about wire diaries.
They went from 3rd in the afternoon to number 1 from a 5.0 in the summer to a 7.9.
Rodio Hintmo, wow.
You better do the break and then we'll continue with the ride news.
I'm the biggest name.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Well, I found a baby out tomorrow.
It's going to be a Zoom.
It's going to be crowded.
In fact, you look down right, Mr. Bob.
We have a crowded Molly Christmas.
Oh, we don't want to play Christmas songs.
That was the wrong day.
Why not?
I don't want to.
How about for next Christmas?
Okay.
That was the wrong bit.
I could play the 2008 year in review though.
It seems Britney Spears, maybe.
Okay.
Let's continue with these ratings numbers.
Oh, boy.
You put us on the guys across the street together and you still have really embarrassing numbers.
That sports talk radio.
Oh, and you know what I haven't looked for yet?
Where's all those news sports talk stations?
Where's the morning?
That's right. Please.
Where is the morning now?
Let's see.
What's that station DeFos on 640?
Do we know what the colors are?
Is that also WFTL?
I don't know.
You got 10 stations James Crystal Radio.
They're all WFTL.
Most stupid thing I ever heard in my life.
Well, look at that 2.6 in the morning for us.
That's a disgraceful number.
And I'm going to see they won't get the message.
They just refuse to get the message on this radio station.
The audience, the sports nerd audience, doesn't want to hear the same sports writers
and professional hacks like Drew Rosenow's over and over and over again.
And he's the greatest of running back.
Oh, God.
Let's see.
And look at that 1.7 for Sid.
Boy, I'll tell you, I'd be on a plane out of here now.
1.7 share, my God.
I think what Clarence meant is that the way the trend was going, it was an improvement.
Which is true.
We probably had a really strong December.
No calls.
Takes a lot of balls to do with no calls.
What am I looking for?
I'm looking for a big nut.
I don't even know the, oh, here it is WFTL 0.3 in the summer 0.3 in the fall.
That's a 0.3 tied for last, tied for 30 second with WMVM.
Wow.
What?
No, that's impressive.
That's me foe.
A little more effort.
We foe.
You're dead last, me foe.
Oh, we're headed.
That's sending me a bunch of emails again.
What?
That's the ghost of Christmas future for us.
Hey, no, don't be so negative or even though you probably had a good positive.
All right.
Now, let's see a 3 to 7.
Did I do a R3 to 7 yet?
It's bad.
It is really, really, really.
Okay.
Let's see who's kicking ass.
Right here, ritmo again with a whole bunch of wired diaries.
Number one with a 7.9 in the afternoon.
I mean, a fall.
I mean, that's crazy.
Anybody out there know what a radio to hit in the whole place?
Hot 105, 7.5 dropping from first to second.
But there's share went way up, but they dropped a spot.
It went from a 5.5 to a 7.5, but they dropped from first to second.
Ain't that strange?
Radio Amour is third, 4.8.
Waxi dropping from a 5.1 from a second to fourth with a 4.5.
That's labastered.
But still kicked our ass big time, big time.
IOD seventh in the afternoon.
4.3 to a 4.1.
INZ, scared America.
They went up to 3 to a 4.0.
They went up to 8th in the afternoon.
Wow, what do they got in the afternoon on scare America?
Anybody know?
QAM.
Oh, boy.
System Mary Manwich.
Dropping from 17th in the summer, 25 to a 2.2.
System Mary Manwich is wearing a 2.2.
Time for 19th.
Of course, keep in mind, our number is 10 to 3.
And his number is 3 to 7.
I think the 2 to 4 hours may have not been rock solid.
Wait till the Monday when the hourlies come out.
He might just crush the numbers that Jerks had and the numbers that Mo had.
The number that even...
When they were doing 2 to 4.
He might crush those on the downside.
You know what I'm saying?
WFTL put in a big point 2 in the afternoon.
Alright, that's a 0.2.
Now wait till you get to the nighttime, 7 to midnight.
In other words, they're looking to save money.
Why not just shut the damn thing off?
Hot 105 number 1 at night with an 8.9 share, followed by WEDR.
Hot 105 and EDR.
You see any similarities there?
I guess there's a lot of dark folks listening to the radio at night.
CMQ FA, MA6.8.
I know, I know, white kids listen to that crap too.
I know.
I'm not that out of touch.
Although I don't want to hear it.
Coast number 4 at night.
4.7 to 6.2.
Maybe they're playing some old Johnny Dark liners.
It's 82 along the coast.
That should boost them up there.
Radio Mambe number 5 at night.
Up from 15 point.
This is a strange book.
I mean, M-I-B 24 to 2.9.
They had some help.
Now let's get to the stations we care about.
INZ is the only one with a 1.7.
18th, type 18th at night.
I-O-D 1.2, 21st at night.
That's with the heat, no less.
October of November, December.
Without check.
Q-I-M from a 1.6 at night to a 1.0.
Oh, baby, from time for 17th to time for 22nd.
But we still beat the guys across the street at night.
Without the Marlins.
Look at the difference.
With the in the summer book with the Marlins,
they were fourth with a 4.9 cheer.
Without the Marlins in the fall, they had a 0.8.
Type for 26.
We had a 1 and we still beat them.
They had a 0.8.
I wouldn't be telling anybody about it.
I wouldn't be bragging about it.
No, I'm not.
How do you like that?
A 1.0.
Oh my god.
Of course, it's pretty good considering nobody at all can hear us at night.
What?
Even inside the building they can't hear us.
Not that they would be listening, but weekends.
Anybody care about the weekends?
Oh, the first page of the weekends, I must have screwed up here.
Yeah, I did.
Sorry.
Oh, there we go.
Take that one.
Staple it.
EDRFM number one on the weekends.
I don't know why we can pay attention to the weekends.
Do you listen to the radio one a weekend?
If I'm driving around, sure.
But radio ritmo from 15 to second.
Talk about wired diaries.
They went from a 2.7 to a 5.7 weekends.
Radio ritmo.
Something really stinks with that hole deal.
Let me tell you right now.
Men in black, M-I-B went from a 1.5 to a 4.5 from tied for 20 to the 7th.
That's also bogus.
Bogus bogus bogus.
Weekends Q-M from a 1.6 to a 3.9.
That's the dolphins.
Wow.
And that's in the syphilitic.
3.9.
Remember what I would do you have like 10 and 12 shares on the weekend with the dolphins?
Back in the day.
Not us.
3.9.
And of course this is the whole weekend.
So maybe the dolphins had like a 10 share.
I doubt it.
We can't break that down.
Even when the hourly is coming, we can't break it down.
Maybe they can in the tap scan or whatever they call that stupid thing.
The Pepsi.
I-O-D on the weekend at 1.2.
Where is the guys across the street on the weekend?
They went from a 1.5 tied for 20 to a 0.9 tied for 23rd.
They seemed to be on the decline badly.
I mean, we're floundering, but they're like vanishing from the- from the face of the earth.
They're disappearing.
Maybe they have Waxi built up in their transmitter.
But boy, they should really take special note of that 1.7 share in the morning.
Sit with a big mouth and a small number.
What the biggest name?
The best challenge.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
Hey man.
Hey, who's this?
It's Jeff.
Hey, I was in your restaurant and it smelled like updog.
What is updog?
I don't know.
What's up, G?
Yo, yo, yo.
Get it?
No.
Okay.
Who would you speak to in a place of catering order?
Hey, Richard.
Yes.
I was in your restaurant, my wife and I, and she was commenting as I was,
that it smelled like updog.
Like what?
Updog.
What is updog?
No, what's up with you, G?
Get it?
Ha, ha.
Rivello.
Yeah, hi.
A gzuntite.
Ha, ha, ha.
Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like updog.
What's updog?
Not much.
What's up with you, G?
Yeah, what's updog?
What's up with you, G?
Yeah, what's updog?
Yeah, not much, yo.
I'm busy.
What, what do you want?
Your play smelled like updog.
Okay.
Bye.
Get it?
Yeah, hey, how are you?
Good.
Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like updog.
What is updog?
I don't know what's up with you, G.
Get it?
Ha, ha, ha.
I'm busy.
No speaking English, 1045 at 560 WQAM.
Well, let's see what we got here on the emails.
Jonathan says, I've been heckling South Florida first news hosted by Jimmy Cifilis.
By bombarding them with instant message emails telling them what right wing Nazi racists they are.
I argue with all their right wing talking points armed with an knowledge I absorbed from you and the stories on your website.
This morning I emailed Jimmy Cifilis with my opinion of the nine most dangerous living extremists in the world today.
I put Jimmy as number three on the list ahead of been Lawden Hugo Chavez, Dick Cheney, Hamas, Reverend Wright and the Somali pirates.
By putting behind Ahmedina Judd and Fidel, they put my email as their poll question, added me as a choice.
I was going to the earliest Greg T. Please have your liberal army go to ww.com.
Click on the Jimmy Cifilis page and creep the vote vote for Jimmy is the most dangerous extremist.
Those Nazis over there must be stopped.
Thanks, Neil. You're the best says Jonathan.
Thanks, Jonathan.
When in doubt.
Kick him out.
So go to ww.com if you want and vote for Jimmy Cifilis on their silly ass poll.
How do you like that?
He sends in a ridiculous poll like that and they put it on there.
You think we got poll problems, huh?
Yeah.
Things must be getting really grim and slim, Jimmy.
Slim and grim.
Boy, those numbers are like a death knell, especially for the guys across the street.
They're done.
Stick a fork in them, maybe they're done.
And somebody's having a QAM funeral.
They're putting a tombstone in front of us.
Put another one in front of Dennis Collins, man.
It goes with the territory.
Everything he touches turns to instant processed death.
I'm dying out of here.
Yeah, another tombstone right side by side with the other one that we planted there years ago.
And w.s.news went off the air.
W.s.news, which that frequency now is, of course, waxy.
That ticket, stick it, stick it, that ticket.
They're not doing squat.
If they didn't have a bastard on there, they might as well shut the thing off.
What's up with Sister Mary Manage, by the way?
I don't know what's the question.
Maybe we can get some emails.
The question is why is his, why have his numbers taken such a nose dive?
I mean, 22?
Yeah.
They got a 450.
There's more than double the audience.
They got a 450.
We got a 22.
And you want to see the hourlies, right, before, uh...
How much better that can they be, even if the big O's got a zero?
A little.
A little.
A little.
A little bit.
Well, I'm sure that we did a little better than the 392.
We did a maybe a 450.
Yeah, 440.
I agree.
That was my side.
No bonus money.
Nope.
And you want to know why?
No, tell me why.
Because Rodio Ritmo got those wire diaries.
Yeah, sure.
I'll explain them.
No, they wouldn't be there in those top five.
And then we could slip up a couple of notches and maybe get turd money.
Never the less.
Never the less we want.
At least we did better in December.
We're coming along.
We're bouncing back.
Smoking crack.
Faisal says, made a mistake and turned on 790 this morning.
I can't believe how desperate he is to get some publicity.
He had Anne Colter on a show by I didn't listen.
They're both like two horrors.
If I seem invoked this week and I'll throw both of my shoes at him.
Says Faisal.
We'll worked up, if you asked me.
They're all worked up.
Keep trying to tell them.
It's only a bunch of radio shows.
Oh, no, you're wrong, Neil.
It's like, oh, yeah.
Okay.
Our good friend, Jeannie says, all the talk of Jewish surnames brings to mind.
The old guitar man classic by way of Alan Sherman.
Shake hands with Uncle Max.
That always makes me smile.
Can we still play Uncle Max?
I don't recall anything questionable in there.
Oh, let's see.
I sell a line of jingles.
And I travel on the road.
And I have a lot of instruments.
Just like Sally.
What a load.
Every day, a new routine.
Another song in that.
Early in the morning, I mail Neil a bit again.
But when I get that writer's block, the word refused to flow.
I take a trip to Halliday.
Where life is really slow.
I drive into the publics.
And I find some parking rooms.
And they have tos and the crutches.
Turn and holler.
Caca boom.
Shake hands with your Uncle Max.
My boy and his, yes, sister Cheryl.
And you remember, Isabelle, that's a things old as girl.
And you remember the Tachement twins, Gerald and Jerome.
We've all come here to greet you.
And to wish you welcome home.
Me, Marrow, it's Barrow, it's Hamilton, it's Hamilton's,
Perver and Gerber, it's Diner and Stone.
Moscow, it's Lubu, it's Aaron's and Barrow's and Primon and Fieman and Freeman and both.
Swallow, swallow, it's Tidal, my Move and my Move and we'll Vensky, we'll be the Levine.
Romberger, Shlumberger, make us some Piggas and it's Dine with the EIs, Dine with the Y.
Now here's your Uncle, Salad, my boy, with all the family poop.
And here's your cousin Randy with her goddamn chicken soup.
Up whenever you're on the road, my boy.
Come back and see us soon.
For all we hear when you come back to wish you,
come home.
Wow, haven't played that in about a hundred years, have I?
Nope.
Well thanks, Jeanne, for inspiring me to play that.
But there was a GD in there, but I dumped it.
Did you?
Yep.
A lot of pounding on that yellow button.
Well, you know, we can't say this and we can't do that and we can't, well that's all right, we're kicking ass.
So we had a two-six in the morning and a two-two in the afternoon and a four-something in midday and of course the big-o.
Oh, wow, he was just evidently.
Let's see, he's on the safe noon two to four, he's back.
No guilty.
Mad Dog four to seven.
Dolphin tonight, seven to eight and then DA8 to 11.
11 to one, it's Greg, don't like us. Greg, like us.
11 to one.
Why do we have a show on Friday night?
Is that because of the football weekends coming up or whatever?
I don't know.
You don't know.
See, that's the problem, not having Tubby anymore.
We don't have any connection to the sports world.
Other than you, you ought to know.
No, not me.
I don't know.
Well, how do I know while we put that on?
Let's see, the names I would change if they were mine include, it says Jeannie.
Wine rib, Blumenfeld, Rosenbluth and Slutsky.
You don't have to put them all on the pole.
No, I don't.
But if I had to choose one, I'd be able to be the latter.
I know it's probably pronounced Slutsky, but still.
No, I think it's Slutsky.
Have a great weekend.
You too, Jeannie.
Oh, and Faisal sent this in yesterday after the last night.
Faisal, who's a new chronic.
Goldie and Mandage have all taken shots at Rachel Maddo after your show.
Now, why is that I wonder?
What's that all about?
Trust me, he says, she's a lot better look at than them.
You were George.
Well, isn't that great?
Isn't that what the criterion is for being on and doing a serious show right here?
She's supposed to be doing whether she's better looking than Mad Dog, you, me, Gildy, etc.
Okay, Faisal.
Thank you so much.
I'm amazed that the numbers came out and I don't have any inside stuff here.
Maybe they're a little bit slow.
Maybe they're like, I don't know.
Oh, here's one from Jimmy Cifilis about the numbers.
Your numbers are pretty bad as expected.
Big mistake getting rid of Hank and Howard David.
Surprise that Jim is doing so poorly against Dan from the fake Jimmy Cifilis.
Your numbers are pretty bad as expected.
Well, guess what? They're better than yours.
Better than yours, Miss Cifilis.
And that's on a big IOD book, too.
How do you like that?
And a big fat Rush Limbaugh book.
Huge.
And what did you do?
You did squat.
With all the people who can be of some influence in your life, daily life, I just can't stand the way he worded this poll.
Can you?
I don't care.
Who do you trust the least?
210 votes.
Policies 1-14.
Financialized words 30.
TV Talking Heads 24.
Lawyers 13.
QAM Management 12.
Medical Doctors 11.
George Rodriguez 3.
Near Rogers 3.
Well, we're even Steven there.
Pretty lame email there this morning, Jimmy.
Lame ass.
How about your number?
Let's take a look at your number.
Forget about my number pretty weak.
For years, for 30 years, I've trounced ass in this market.
Okay, like I got something to prove.
What's your story?
What do you bring to the table besides another bunch of warmed over right wing proper gander?
You jackass.
And by the way, great work on those dolphin broadcasts.
Not you suck.
Just Bob says, this is Effinghilarious.
I get so many things from people that say this is Effinghilarious.
Most of them are links or attachments.
And most of them I never get to see because I'm not going to waste my time with them.
I'll take their word for it that it was hilarious.
Okay.
Vatican says less gay behavior in the seminaries.
Agency praises the ones run by...
Agency praises ones run by dioceses but says religious orders are still too lax.
Vatican office that evaluated US Roman Catholic seminaries in response to the clergy sex abuse scandal concluded
that administrators have been effective in stopping homosexual behavior in the schools,
although the agency said the problem still exists.
The congregation for Catholic education saw a broad review of how the schools screen and educate
prospective priests but gave special attention to teachings on chastity and celibacy.
The Vatican also directed evaluators to look for evidence of homosexuality in the schools.
I'll tell you what, the most instant evidence I see in the whole church is when I see guys running around with a dress, that indicates to me.
Yeah.
Something's not...
A little bit of a tip off.
A little bit of a tip off.
You don't even need to see the hat that looks like a puff pastry with a little poo font on it.
In a report US bishops released this week to Vatican agency noted past difficulties in the area of morality
within seminaries that usually but not exclusively involved homosexual behavior.
The evaluator said the appointment of better administrators in diocesan seminaries has ensured that
such difficulties have been overcome.
Of course, here and there is some case or another of immorality.
Again, usually homosexual behavior continues to show up.
Here or there, according to the report, however in the main that the superiors now deal with these issues promptly and appropriately,
they join in.
The evaluators had no such praise for schools run by religious orders which critics consistently condemn as too liberal,
on celibacy, homosexuality, and church teaching in general.
The reports said ambiguity vis-à-vis homosexuality persists with an institute run by religious orders.
The report also cites those schools for failing to fully adhere to Catholic theology.
They're not as far bison as they would like them to be.
Nearly a third of 40,000 plus US priests are members of religious orders, so they're still doing it.
They're still doing monolali-popolidal boys, stuff like that.
They're getting their looks.
Past studies commissioned by the US Conference of Catholic Bishops have found that the majority of known victims of abuse by a priest in the last 50 years were adolescent boys.
In response, some Catholics blame gay clergy for the scandal.
Experts on sex offenders argue that gays are no likely more than heterosexuals come unless children.
Oh, this goes on and on and on and on.
And so does the scandal go on, but they're busy with other crap now.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're busy on the projects.
Fortress on your 5.60 QAM.
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
I'm sighing over here.
I'm saving the corner.
I'm cutting coupons because I'm a victim of possession.
I'm buying from this town stores
And I don't know if I'll get through it
Oh no, I've spent too much
I bounced by check this month
There goes my credit rating
I thought I had more in my savings
I'll take you out to lunch if you buy
It's the softy kind of me
It's the softy kind of me
I'm saving nickels and corners
I'm cutting coupons because I'm a victim of recession
Oh, let's get some of those SNH green stamps baby, I sure miss those
Let me know 3 at 560 WQA and let's talk about the plane crash for a couple hours
Wanna?
Oh, and he's
There's Mayor Blender, he's not gonna turn it, what?
In point?
Yeah, no, it's required the Vimos entre aeroes
The West Coast Seedad, Leida, Las Grasias, Adtotos, Los Ceres, Fundy, Aeron, Estar, Amejencia
Oh my god, his Spanish is about like mine
Oh right, non-existent
At least I could read it better than that, this is Mayor Bloomberg
Read it to him in Yiddish
Very jackass, as according to my sources of WQM, they'll be letting DA go
And Orlando is moving back to Nights
Hearing the station is talking to Kevin Rogers, potential rule unknown
Dan, Dan, Dan, Kevin Rogers, bad numbers across the street, didn't they let him go in the canum?
I don't know, but I never heard him, so I can't say oh boy, he really is great or he really blows
I don't know
And what about what's your name?
When the hell she coming out right, didn't hear from Mertel last two days, what's her name?
What's her name?
Anita Marks
Anita Marks
So who's gonna be, they just can't fill that 2-4 thing man, they just can't figure it out
Since they blew a hangout,
Mad Dog has just vanished into the wilderness and 2-4 is just a lost cause
Nice move, Jolly Joe, excellent move
Well, we had to blow the humpar out, we couldn't afford to pay him all that money
And you either fatso, blah blah blah blah blah
Here's one from somebody, Thomas and plantation, he says,
Mad Dog show is so boring, it's been the same crap for years
Mad Dog sports fans, it all fins their good, captain, what do you think?
Captain Curtis, you're right, mad Dog, the fins are good
I'm so sick of his sticks, his Thomas, it's old, it's tarosome and no one wants your Curtis
Look at his thing, you're be five seconds
While I think like Le Bastard and the Stoogot sound like 12-year-old girls at times
At least they put some effort into doing a funny show and they don't just talk sports for four hours
God forbid someone talking about something other than how big Bennington's Jockeys
PS, we miss Fat Chris to show us missing something without him
So it's Thomas and plantation
Well, we miss Fat Chris too, but we can do about that
None we can do, any more than we can do it about the streaming
That's the good news so far today
It's past 11 o'clock, we haven't had one email about the streaming yet
About the spots and blah blah blah
They'll get them cranked up, you'll see
They'll crank them
Kevin says, greetings Neil and George
You guys are right as usual about stations and shows that are narrowcast in the long run
And then aspect is finally catching up to manage his ratings because of the Le Bastard show on at the same time
Even though the rest of the 790s lineup sucks as always
Le Bastard, much like your show on QM is the island apart from a sports talk during the day
And hence the numbers are respectful as opposed to the rest of these stations shows
Oh, the rest of that station, I mean
They got numbers that are like you need them on Palomar telescope to read them
And notice we're not getting any emails from them
From the fake ones and the real ones and whatever else they got going over there
Nice going, Sid, 1.7, oh my god
Are you kidding me?
With a big, big fat mouth and doing one shares?
My god
I don't understand why the management doesn't understand this fact, says Kevin
If they can't believe what you guys have said for years about narrowcasting, the proof is in the pudding
You and Le Bastard are the only radio shows I'll listen to down here
The rest is Swill, love you Neal and George Cheers, says Kevin
Cheers, Kevin
I think mad dog is, I don't want to make an excuse for him
But I think following two hours of dead air which he asked for so long
I mean we had jerks in there, we had that one, we had that one
And now we got rock solid
We'll see when the hourlies come out on Monday
Just how much rock solid is killing us
I notice you're not saying no, what do you want me to say?
No, well you wouldn't listen no matter who they put in there
That's right
Oh here we go, phone streaming
Here we go, Paul and the Q staff, they're more research this week I ended up at Best Buy
If anyone's in the market for a new phone and they're with AT&T
That you get an LG Insight, it's 99 bucks with a two-year extension
And it's a Windows phone with Windows Media Player right in it
You don't need to downwind anything and by the way don't forget to send me that stuff
What stuff?
Probably you said no Christmas, but it's how about Hanukkah?
Can you please hear most slapping guilty around the Hanukkah bush?
No, I don't even know what the hell that is
We got a bit where most slaps guilty around the Hanukkah bush?
Yes, sure, why not? I don't know
Well if you don't know who the hell does
So that's it, pretty quiet on the, Neil at NearRudges.com on those emails
You would have thought there'd be some real, real heavy duty crap coming in once the numbers came out
Nothing, and that's probably because most of those emails come from across the street
Wouldn't you think?
I imagine
Sure
They probably sit around on their spare time tapping out, they probably have a room
Where they make the calls and where they tap out the emails
I'm your friend, he's probably sitting in there
Him and Moron, Moron DeRone
I got one from them the other day, which I deleted and deleted again
Yeah
Or your friend, we're never gonna go away from your friend or your friend
Well guess what, the numbers on this show at least went back up thanks to no calls
Get rid of that crap, don't let four misfits take over the whole damn show
And all these male contents, oh what happened to your show Neil?
You know something, I don't hear any other than the stuff we can't play
I don't see any difference on this show that it was like three years ago and five years ago and eight years ago
Can you explain to me what it is?
Nope
I still sound like me and you still sound like you and here we are
Oh I'm speaking to George
I don't want to be remiss and then have people say, gee the day before his appearance you didn't promote it at all
That would be bad
And I wouldn't do that
It's alright
No it's not alright
It's not in the morning, I don't expect anybody to show up anyway
Oh and today starts our, I don't really know what you're about it
Our picked the pony contest?
Yeah
Vanessa is the contestant, was I supposed to announce that now or later?
Sure, why not
We're not using last name now
I think she's already been notified
Oh
So Vanessa, she was picked by Josh, probably because it's a chicks name you know
I listen if they're sending pictures in then that's exactly the case
Oh there you go
And then I'll be picking the winner of the second race of Gulf Stream at about one forty or thereabouts
And she's got a fifty dollar bet on that winner and if my horse wins she gets whatever the payoff would be
Right
So in other words if it's like a ten dollar horse and she's got fifty dollars to win she'd get two hundred and fifty bucks
Now who's paying that?
Is that us or Gulf Stream?
I presume
I think he's part of the promotion
Yeah, right out of his pocket
Right
I think Flea's got to pay
He doesn't know it yet but
It's Friday you bastard
Goodbye Bush administration
I wish you painful your nation
You certainly left your mark on American history
Like a giant ground baby mystery
We ought to think out all your teeth
Just like Mussolini
We'll need some time to recover
From eight years of break
Buy out a Christian's and then be paid
If you're proud to say that you're an MBA then you're the stupidest of you
Ails like you
Break our access wrong
Out of you
And that's for how you smug white
This gun we love a lot
Every time you ever knew
Is completely wrong
What a relief
You've colored you
Oh, bye bye
Bye bye Bush, my steer
That thing last night, man
I don't know why I watched it
But it was just on
You know it was on in the middle of the overman show
In the beginning
Yeah
And there it was, 13 minutes of swill
A puke you love it
God bless station, God bless that
And gosh dang this
Walt says
Forget the Spanish language station for the hotties
Dish Network has a channel going by the name
Rye International
R-A-I-Rye
Rye Wunow
R-I-Due, R-I-Rye Trey
Those are the Italian Network channels
Italian Language Programming
It says I tune into a templer in some Italian
I gave up and just mute the sound
Holy crap, there are some gorgeous women hosting these
Inane cooking variety and travelogue shows
Even the Italian M-I-L-Fs are beyond the norm
M-I-L-F
Hello?
What does that mean?
I don't know
Say it again
Even the Italian M-I-L-Fs are beyond the norm
Oh, Milf's
What is that?
A mother I'd like to
Oh, I see
Well, that's out of my league
It's out of my territory being the old faggot that I am
You know, Mario, who's obviously got some serious mental problems, says
I just finished googling and searching on 4 on the web too
For what?
At the bottom of the first result page
There's a section titled Related Topics
And guess what's the first listed topic?
790 The Ticket
Where's WQM Third behind the other station in the Sun Central?
How is that possible?
He just finished googling and searching for something on the web
You are the reason WQM is still alive
And they teach you like a red-headed stepchild
Next time you're down here you should take a hot steamy joys and joys and joys and joys bitches desk
Joyce bitches don't have a desk, she's over in Naples
Also a follow-up man-coder left the name dropping ass clown Siddiot hanging
He or she didn't call in, man-coder
Congrats on the ratings Neil Gott is the radio authority, says Mario
Who evidently doesn't understand that being number 5 isn't something we're all excited about
We're probably going to be number 4 when we have 10-2-3
What?
I got plenty of nothing for number 4
That's right, what do we get for number 4?
We get, oh, some really dastardly numbers in there between the two sports
And then of course the other one James Crystal with their zero point, whatever they had
Defo nice number there in the morning baby starting with a, oh wow
Infinite, tesimly small just teeny teeny tiny even tiny would be embarrassed
But you keep putting on a whole bunch like Ray Perry would say if we had a whole bunch more sports talk shows
It'll bring a lot more people to sports talk radio
Here's one that says happy Friday Uncle Neil
I'm sorry to say I have nothing to contribute today but then again I have no complaints either
And this isn't even that G Gold barbidiot
Congratulations on your good numbers and nice book
What was good numbers and nice book?
I hope that you and George will get huge bonuses because you both deserve tons of money
We get no bonus
You both deserve tons of money, love, good fortune, good burgers, loose machines, mine, whatever else makes you happy
Here's two things I want
One, please get Josh C in there to say hi, I haven't heard his voice in weeks
I heard it this morning, it was this morning
Two, please do another Neil deal with rival sports bar at the diplomat
My husband and I had a big stack of them but we used them all up
Rivals is one of our favorite places to go
He likes the sports, I like the view we both love the Kobe Sliders
Yay rivals
Have a wonderful weekend, much loved you and baby George has lizz
Thanks lizz
They are great but you know that's not up to us either
That's right, we have no control over that
Duff is the, he's the spotmeister
Just ask Joe Bell, he'll tell you he's the one sales hole him and the Steve Sloan
There are the only two sales people involved in this show
The other 11 sales people, they don't even know we're on here
Although I do believe that's a Barney Miller account so maybe we could, you know,
What prod him, rivals
Oh it is? Yeah
Here's one from D bar, high-neil in Georgia, listen on the stream, don't we said anywhere near Florida
So I couldn't see George if I wanted to
What exactly would he be doing?
Does he tell jokes, give a lecture on how to get into radio, make fart sounds?
Yeah, he makes fart sounds
Also, near you, a dual citizen or something, what are you doing in Canada?
I don't have to be a citizen, what I'm doing is living and enjoying life
Dual citizen, my ass, oh here's Rocky again, oh God
Rocky, go heat and a plane crashed and whatever, all other stupid stuff
Send these emails, get them going, especially all the fake people, I don't see much from them today
What's that all about?
Don't know, here's a couple, here's one from Ron about Mad Dog, okay?
And Rippin' Joe Rose, I'm sure these are from across the street
I don't know how they would have time to be sending emails, if I was them, they'd all should be looking their wounds over there
My God, won this and zero point that
I mean we get a one at night and they get a point eight
And nobody can even hear this station at night, not within like six blocks of the tower
And we still beat them, they're sorry ass, whatever the hell they head on at night, what do they have?
Kevin Rogers, let's sign him up
If anybody who had a number that became with us, let's sign him up, I like jerks
He was a great addition to the staff for about what, four or five months? How long was he here?
I don't know, I didn't count, too long
Rocky from Miami says, thanks for a great week, love, love, love
Just wondered if George was going to the Flyers Panthers game tonight, no he's not
Never been to much of a hockey fan, but he'll say that basketball wasn't a real game the other day
I was intrigued about the NHL, I went on the NHL.com site, watched some highlights
And to be totally honest, there were some pretty cool passes and tough plays no doubt
He had a late blow up for nothing, lead last night, but they still won six four
Nothing could be finer than to beat up Carolina
I would agree the game does deserve more respect down here
He says, I guess it's pretty hard to get locals into a game, we can't play at the local park
I'll try to watch more hockey if Neil agrees to watch more heat games
No, I will not, I will not watch any heat games
How do you like that? He'll try to do this if I do that
Like my life hinges on whether he's going to screw you Rocky
Hey, a plane crashed, go heat, yeah I see the connection between those two things
That I'm dealing with a real moron
Oh, but I said nice things about you guys, we don't care
Larry says, Eamie Ler was right earlier, one Curtis Kisses' James Ashtamat
What he talks about, I shut him off months ago when he started to give his right wing opinions
Oh boy, no boy
If it doesn't work for Jimmy Cifalus, it won't work for the mad dog
I don't think people turn on Jocks to hear their political expertise, do you?
I could be wrong, I wouldn't know
No, they turn him on to hear, give me the ball, give me the ball, give me the ball
I wouldn't know why
Ron says, I agree with Thomas about manage while I listen off at work, he just doesn't have enough material to fill the time
Don't be talking about him, I'm not going to have, I mean I'm going to reread the ratings is what I'm going to do from noon to two
Every station, every number, every, every category, cum, every time spent listening
Last couple of days he's been talking about the best bars in the area and the football season just ended
He repeats himself from year to year, same line each year about going to whatever golf tournament that he goes to each year
I've mentioned before that Joe Rose sucks, okay? He sounds like that guy on TV with a beard who advertises all kinds of crap as loud as possible
He gets more annoying with time, I'd much rather listen to guilty than either George Jim and the Hebrew is unlistable
The Hebrew? Huh?
Who's the Hebrew? I give up
The Hebrew? Is that the big?
Oh! I didn't know that he was the Hebrew
He might be? Or Land of Al's the Query, no he is not, the Hebrew
I don't know who he's talking about
Hank was the only professional sports nerd that's ever been in this market
I predict that the numbers will continue to drop over time since there isn't anyone worth going on your way to listen to
Says Ron, that's Ron's expert opinion
Thanks Ron
Chef Sparky says just to weigh in on Mad Dog Neil, I'm a huge fan of his show over the years
But I do admit it's gotten pretty stale of late
For one thing, I'm not sure by his choice, you know, it has to do interviews including Ira Windbag and Warren Sep
Oh, Ira Windbag! Oh no!
This radio station and that clearance man
Ira Windbag, what did I tell you? He's a killer
Killer! Mad Dog always used to say interviews are boring and he's right
A person is well-rounded and experienced in businesses from broadcasting to restaurants, from NFO player to accomplished fisherman
Should have the green light to talk about whatever the hell he wants
And not these boring-ass guests, Ira Windbag and Warren the Saaf
Oh my God! I forgot all about Ira Windbag, I was trying to
I was trying to block it out
Like what's your name? Did I could remember yesterday?
What's your name? I need a barb?
Sigourney Weaver
Now why do I have a brain block on that? I love Sigourney Weaver
And I love Princess McDerman too
And I love Barbara Jordan too, she was, oh she was a dyke
Yeah, but that was we didn't know till after she croaked
She should have been a president
Big black lady, Barbara Jordan, remember her in the Congress?
Sure
You do? Yeah
From Texas
Big old dyke from Texas
Who's this from? Oh Edwin, Crazy Edwin
Damn Neil, today's pole sucks, I don't even trust myself anymore, I'm not voting today
But I love you and little George and you make this damn day go by a little easier
Jimmy Cifalus blows and I have no idea how these jocks get all these gigs and have no talent whatsoever
We got great broadcasts, like Steve Geltstein working part-time
He went to Syracuse to real broadcast school
Yeah, that's why he sounds like
That and Hank, he was the only talent besides you, I can't understand why they let him go, was it money?
Was it money? Damn jolly, I can't stand you love Edwin, was it money?
It's all they know about his money, cut this and cut that and cut the crap and cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut
It's all they know
Like the numbers, cut cut cut cut cut the rates, cut cut cut cut
Anybody want to buy a spot? Dollar holiday
What the heck is name? The best town
You don't know for any politics, it's 4.5.6.9.9.9.9
It's Friday, you bastard
Ah, who may I be helping you today?
Hey, would you please be having a blues live?
We are having a sale on camera
R-H-G, we have had about many flavors
I'm afraid that is not decent
Okay, I tell you everything
My skin may be purple inside I think
And you guys just threw in with our women in bags
Even totally because they spend so bad days
You can name a group of reactions of a group of weirdo and orange drinkers
We wish they like our food
R-H-G is just a big group of things
R-H-G is just a big group of things
R-H-G is just a big group of things
R-H-G is just a big group of weirdo and shirts
Red-this is just an ordinary group of weirdo and all
red-de Display...
They dances here
morning. Say the kid 1.7. I'm sure you'll get over it. Who will you? Oh, you. I mean,
I'm just crushed. Ron says, I've listened all the time. I'm not across the street. I'm listening
to the streaming with the same ads over and over. See, I knew we couldn't get through the
whole four hours without somebody helping me about that. How could we possibly? We have
nothing to do with it. We don't want to hear about it. We don't want to know from it.
Is it we have no control over it? And it doesn't affect my life or Georgia's life or a fat
crisis life or anybody's life. Ron says, Kevin Rogers, nerdy looking frail, pouring
and unlistenable, just like the two local sports hall stations. He's also a member of the
Miami Jewish Sports Hall conspiracy. What is that? I don't know. I mean, Jewish Sports
Hall conspiracy. I thought all the Jews got blown out. Did he pay in a hank? Yeah. Who
are the other ones? You keep remembering that, you know, our department is run by one.
And he's the one that blew all those people out. Clarence? Yes. Self hating a year. Is that
what you're saying? What it is? I don't know what a story is. I told you, I talked to him
for two seconds yesterday. It was two seconds. Because I, there was still a message on my
voicemail that I had failed to erase. And I didn't realize it was from last week when
it was giving me a son of an answer about that meeting that we can't talk about that didn't
happen. That's right. But so I called him and oh, last week's message, okay, see ya. It
was short and sweet and funny. And that was it. Two seconds. Fake Larry Kings says,
man, this is great on the games, but needs to be teamed with someone in the afternoon.
Dumbbell should put on D-fo or Joe Z with him. Hank is missed. D-fo or Joe Z? Like number
one, they're going to pay somebody else said to be on there, which they're not. And number
two, what a couple of choices that is. Me, foe and Joe Z? Oh my God, Joe Z. Could
drive a Mexican jumping bean into a coma for a million years. Good. God, Larry. Well,
Larry knows his crap. That's obvious. Got a couple of dead people. Just a couple. I
never heard of either one of them. British lawyer and writer John Mortimer. No. What if
he's kind of Mortimer snored? Creator of the cramage and the criminal lawyer, Rumpole
of the what? What what? We can't say that. Rumpole. Oh, Rumpole. Not Rumpole. Oh, I'm
sorry. Of something of the comic Bailey died Friday. He was 85. This is chopped off
really bad. Horace Rumpole. Mortimer's family said he died early in the morning in his
home in Children Hills, North West of London. They didn't disclose the cause of death. In
order combined, the career's a lawyer with a large literary output, included dozens of
screen and stage plays and radio dramas. His most famous creation was Horace Rumpole,
a cigar smoking, wine loving birrester who appeared in a TV series, Nostring and Novelson
stories. Never heard of Horace Rumpole. Never heard of John Mortimer. I did hear of Mortimer
snored though. Charlie McCarthy and Mortimer snored Edgar Bergen, the worst ventriloquist
in history. I mean, he never even made an attempt to hide his lips moving. You know
me? He was great on radio, but then on TV, he kind of like missed a little something.
He was Poly Bergen's daddy, by the way. Right? You like Poly Bergen? Sure. Why not?
She's always smear in some kind of cream on Poly Bergen. She's always. She's around.
She got to be a hundred years old by now. She's still alive, Poly Bergen. I don't know
what Edgar Bergen's not in his house instead. Him and Edwin and Keenan Wind. Didn't he
say that? Hang on a minute. You're reading what? Your Google is still alive. By the way,
if you Google near Raju, there doesn't say a damn thing about seven, ninety. So I don't
know what that goofball was talking about. Keenan Wind is still alive? No, Poly Bergen.
Oh, she's still alive. Of course, she's still alive. If she would have died, there would
be riots in the streets. Or what? I don't know. She was pretty. I know that. She was real
pretty. You didn't think she was pretty? I don't know. They just got of these old pictures
over now. Oh my God. Nobody wants to see her now. All these famous celebrities that used to
be really hot looking after they start like going south and just put them away in a room
closet somewhere. Don't ever let us see them again. There's nothing more disappointing.
And I guess they think it's really neat. You know, that those of us who grew up like in the 50s
and 60s that we see all those people that were on TV back then, like Tony Dow. Oh my God.
I don't want to see those people. They look like death. You know what they look like?
Death? Old. And you want to know why? They're old? Yes. Oh,
see, it didn't take a whole lot of perspicacity on your part to finger that out. They're old.
Like avert Ward. Jesus. God Almighty. Can you imagine him coming on there with those green
tights now? Holy cow. Artist Andrew Wyeth, who portrayed the hidden melancholy of the people
and landscapes of Pennsylvania's Brandywine Valley in coastal Maine and works such as Christina's
world died early today. He was 91. Definitely old enough. He died in his sleep. That's the way
you want to do it at his home in the Philadelphia suburb of Chad's Ford, according to Hillary Holland.
They spoke to him for the Brandywine River Museum. I wonder what ever happened to Brandywine
racetrack other than it's long gone. I wonder if any Davis misses Brandywine racetrack, you think?
Who? Let's do a harness talk today. Let's talk about Eddie Cobb and Kornama.
I sure do love Kornama Cobb. Now you don't find too many restaurants that serve sides like that.
Do they do that at Boston Market still or not? We were talking about that great macaroni and cheese,
which you're right. It's really great. That's a good question. I'm not sure. I think they do. I want
to say they do. Once upon a time, there used to be a Boston Market right there by me on Sunrise
Boulevard and then it became like a betting store and it became a million other things.
And they just can't. Nobody can make it go over that. You know what I'm talking about on Sunrise?
No. Like just east of Flamingo? No. Or just west of Flamingo? Where the hell it is? I don't know.
Just west. The world has lost one of the greatest artists of all time, George Wameyth,
a friend of Yatsuz chairman of the board of the Brandywine Conservancy Senate statement. Brandywine,
never, never was there. It's one of the few harness tracks that I can actually say I was never there.
I've been to just about all of them, man. I've even been to Sacramento, California. What tells that one?
I don't know. Well, you know what it is. Steve Orington used to drive there. Oh, that, not on.
And then that blonde guy couldn't drive his finger up his ass. And Rick Kebler from the Kebler
elves used to drive there to Sacramento. Somebody will know. I'll tell you one thing. If I get any
harness racing information, I know it'll be from Dan from Maryland who pretends to be gone, but he's
he's probably a whole bunch of other people now. Robert Smith, senior Saudi cleric, okay,
his girls to marry. All right. He was quoted Wednesday as saying it's for Missible for 10-year-old
girls to marry. And those who think they're too young are doing the girls in injustice. Oh,
yeah, that's those ragheads for you. They multiply like rabbits. Candace Bergen was Edgar's daughter,
not Polly Bergen. Sorry, it's his wolf. Sorry, Walt. My mistake. Candace Bergen. He didn't spell it
right, but nevertheless, you made a mistake too, Walt. Now we're even. Peter says, I know today you
were talking numbers. The only number that really matters today is four more days until Bush is
gone. Thanks, Pete, for bokeh. You're absolutely right. I was thinking the only number that counts
as the number on my paycheck twice a month. Read it and weep. You will fag you. Read it and weep. I do.
That was quite a culture shock on the 10th. 25th, though, isn't going to be so bad. Still got a
little bit of talent money from December, from the old deal. Yeah. And then that's going to go
away. And then the sales department's going to really put their nose to the grindstone and really go
out there and sell it. And first of all, they're going to like tell them what time the show is on.
That was a good start. Get your name. The best talent you don't get in your life. It's
perfect. Unzipped. It's fine to get serviced by a guy standing in the bathroom stall.
His stick is chugged right through the wall.
We know what now show name. Why would someone do this to evacuate this
place. Why not meet guys face to face instead of such a stinky place.
The whole that has no name. 1146. 14 till known at 560 WQM. The rating is killer.
Rock solid is coming along to who knows when the hourlies come on. Very presumptuous.
That's right. Don't be presumptuous. Maybe he had a gigantic number in there between 2 and 4.
Maybe we and the mad dog bit the big bone. Debar says Candace Virgina is still working.
Her show Boston legal descendant runs several weeks back. She's still hot. There you go, George.
She's still hot. Okay. Greg says Cal Poly. Can't man's he rules.
The name of the track out there in Sacramento was Golden Bear.
At least it was back back in the day when I was there. Golden Bear.
Rick Kebler and the Kebler elves. And that blonde guy who couldn't drive his finger up his nose.
And a bunch of other people. Cat man's he rules the cat man. You know the cat man.
Who? The cat man. Catello man's he you better get your harness raising stuff.
Oh, sorry. I need to take seminar. You better get with it. Let me turn to the racing.
Well, let's warm it up because at 140 we got our picked the pony thing for Vanessa.
Yep. Oh, here's this goofball from Fairground.
So the air will be with you until the end of March. Racing here at Fairgrounds, race course and
slots. Race number five. This guy who announces the races with a quaggle. Number three.
We we we we he's got a he's got a nasal. Let me turn him off right away.
Now, by the way, if anybody's got any tips for me on the second race of Gulfstream today,
before I officially make my pick, see, I don't know about you because I don't know much of
anything about it because they don't tell us anything. Yeah, but I mean, the idea that he asked me
who I picked already. I mean, is that frozen and written in stone? Is it engraved in embossed in
more order? What? I don't know. In other words, I can't reserve the right to change my mind.
Well, anybody, it's got a tip on the second race of Gulfstream today. Send it in. It's only a six
horse race. I want to make Vanessa happy. Let's let's. And of course, we've been 50 bucks to win
on a horse. And if it doesn't, when she gets our best wishes, that's right. She gets a date with
Josh Cortes. No, no, don't start pimping for him for crying out loud. Wait until what she looks
like. Lisa says, good morning, happy Friday. Boston market makes frozen sides and dinners. And one
of them is their mac and cheese. I happen to have it for lunch today. Yummy. Yeah, you're right.
Haven't had it in years, but it's really good. They're meatloaf and they're mac and cheese. Those
are the two primo things they got. But the best mac and cheese is from Lou Seals in Weston.
Says Lisa, when you come visit, need some comfort food. Go there. You will not be disappointed.
I just want you to know there's a lot of horrible things happening in the world that piss me off.
It's so nice to have a you around lightning off the moon. That's right. Little chuckle now and
end. We're not going to say you're going to dwell on, you know, I think part of the thing is that
we got all politically oriented there in the primaries were like hell with Hilary and the
Barack and then the election with Barack and McCain and the whole deal and Sarah.
And now that that's it's all over. Four more days of Bush and he's gone and now Barack's
going to hurt all these problems and good luck to him. Good luck to him.
Here's a real good email about the ratings from Michael. He says, what's all the
numbers that you fail to mention is your time spent listening and the turnover numbers.
We don't we don't get the turnover numbers. I bet that not only does the audience
listen longer, but they probably change the dials. Yes, I sold spots for
while says Michael. I do like that. He got out of radio. Congratulations, Mike.
Your show is one of the only listable shows on the air. I spent half my day on the road and
make it a point to listen to you as often as I can. Thank God for people like Michael who
have an abandoned the ship. I for one really love the Mickey bits, but find your show entertaining.
I admit I listened to that Dan La Bastard as well. His time slot is the only real entertainment
style show on at that time. One thing that Jolly Jo is missing is the fact that we as an audience
are looking to be entertained as well as to be informed. As for why your audience is smaller,
radio sales people spend every day telling potential advertisers to advertise for more business.
WQM fails to mass market the station. So how do new potential listeners find out about you? They
don't. They don't. More people listening equals bigger numbers, which equals higher rates for
spots. I know this is a common sense in the world of radio, but when was the last time you saw
WQM billboard or ads in the paper, etc. Doesn't Jolly Jo understand trade? Trade? When a doubt
traded out, of course, keep channel loans all the billboards. Good luck to you. Stay on the air.
It probably pisses Jolly Jo off. How about a Mickey bit? Says Mike. I think we got a Mickey
bit on this. Oh yeah. It's a Christmas one. No, not that. It's Christmas one. Long too.
Let's a happy day at Mickey Mouse. Happy holidays, goofy. I am the you too, sir. It's Robert
Iger, president and CEO of the Walt Disney company. I recognize your voice. Please, old.
Oh, happy holidays, Mr. Mouse. Sir. Go what? I'm busy here. You know, everything doesn't stop because
lights go on the tree. Wow, I just want to thank you for the beautiful Christmas gift.
I mean, this Rolex is amazing. Oh, it's beautiful. Now that's how I roll. Thank you so much, sir. It's
way too much. All right. What? What? What? What? What? That's all. I just want to. All right. Let me get back to work here.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. Did you give my gift? Sir. Yeah, I wasn't going to bring it up.
Can we just not bring it up? Sir, I don't understand. I want to talk about it. I thank you.
And let's leave it at that. All right. Wait, wait, but you didn't get the gift, though, right?
I'm not happy. You're happy, sir. I'm not happy. Why aren't you happy, sir?
I got a car in my cake. Right. What happened to the lemon cake? Well, well, sir, we...
You used to send lemon cake and everybody loved it. Well, yes, sir, but... Now we got caramel. Right. Not the same.
It's caramel, sir. It's not the same. Caramel cake is not lemon cake. But, sir,
Willow and I thought we just mixed it up this year. But... Well, you should stay out of a cake decision.
You get the feedback. You hear the people. They write the lemon cake. What do you do? Send a caramel cake.
Sir, have you tried it yet? I haven't tried it. I'm too mad. I don't know. I can't do it.
Hey, and one was I got you on the phone, officer. Yes, I guess, sir.
What? We... I see got nominated for a Golden Globe. In that fantastic, what an amazing film.
He's, I hated that. I didn't get it. What, what, sir? The dialogue. Right.
The whole thing is yips and yips. I like the first 30 minutes. Maybe, maybe, maybe, bad, red.
You were critics wanted, sir. And it made a huge... Oh, he's the other thing. Yeah.
I see the pushing days. He's just going. Well, of course, sir. Yeah.
I thought when I was changing that hooker and Honda, I told you that...
Well, sir, I put the order right away, but we just had to burn the episodes.
God, I wish you'd burn him in a bell and put the caramel cake in one. You can't.
I apologize, sir. We'll try to get that off.
A nice job on the window thing, too.
Sir? I just screwed that up. I thought we were going to get that big fat chin to do one of 1130 slots.
Well, sir, it's him he made a deal with NBC.
Dude, I was going running nightline.
Good nightline? Yeah, of course, sir.
Who's hosting that?
Who's hosting nightline? It's it's Martin.
You'll even recognize it. It looks like somebody I thought I had those kind of an eventing card.
No, no, sir. That's Martin Bichier.
It's horrible. Nobody watches us in 1130. That's why I thought we were...
You know what? Never mind. The whole caramel cake thing is spun my higher.
These are tried down. I can't depend on anything.
You think you're going to get something and you get something else.
I'm sorry, sir.
I mean, what? What were you thinking?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Stop the Rolex back.
There you go, no extra charge. 1154.
I wasn't even listening to it. Was it a Christmasy thing or what?
I wasn't listening to it either.
Because it says, um, Disney CEO calls Mickey Christmas.
I don't know. I don't know and I don't care.
Because those, you know, if you people like him, I'm happy.
I'll play them all I do want. In fact, let's play all of them.
Yeah, they're nice and long.
Well, we don't have all of them.
We got a half hour's worth at least.
We do? Oh, yeah.
Okay. At least.
Now that email that we had before.
Which one?
Which one wasn't?
I lost my train of thought when you started with a Mickey stuff again.
Oh, what?
Yeah, you know, they lost my train of thought.
That's what happened to get old and seen there.
You get old timers disease.
Like, oh, geez.
What am I doing here in this chair in my underwear?
Although I want to actually got my walking shorts on.
You're old.
Sure why?
You're walking shorts?
Yeah.
Or those like outdoor shorts?
Well, I mean, like, yeah, sure.
If we're walking around the house shorts, I don't know.
That's right. Walking around the house shorts.
I see.
I just don't feel comfortable walking around like in my boxed inshorts
in case somebody knocks down the door or, you know, whatever.
Why not? You never know.
Yeah, I know.
Do you?
The trustee.
Door polisher might be, you know, the knob polisher might be coming by.
No, that's on Monday.
Oh, I see.
They polished my knob on Monday.
I had no idea.
Never on a Friday.
Wax.
Does he use wax?
Waxie build up.
No, it was about one of the early emails.
There was an excellent point and it led to another point and it just,
I'm going to have to go under and see if I deleted it.
I sure hope not.
See if you'd prevent me from deleting all those earlier emails.
No, you didn't understand.
I mean, I really don't, you say it doesn't take up more space.
Yeah.
Do you know how many emails I would have in that box?
It doesn't.
It's like never deleted them.
It's her.
What?
It doesn't.
Matter how many there are in there.
They're just there.
And if you delete them, they'll double delete them.
You can always go to the trash and you know,
when you close the program, then they'll be deleted.
So at least they'll be there for the course of the day, the show.
But I didn't delete them all.
So during the break, what I'm going to have to do is go through the whole bunch of them.
Oh, here it is.
It had nothing to do with that.
And yes, that was Johnny V.
Greg who said about Catman, Catman Z.
Johnny V.
I don't even know who the hell that is.
Never heard of Johnny V.
That most email programs have search features in there.
So you can always search no matter how many emails you have.
You can always search for a particular one based on what you're looking for.
Like a word or all the poll emails.
You can just search for poll and all the poll emails will come up.
For example, they're all gone.
Here is one from Jerry.
I listen to Hot 105 and I'm wearing two into you at 10.
But every now and then I listen to Sid.
Why is he always saying he's kicking roses ass?
He's not because he lies a lot.
He'd never he didn't do it before.
He's not doing it now.
Joe didn't have a good book.
He had a two six.
But Sid had a 1.7 a dastardly disastrous number.
1.7.
I just thought this is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
In a place that smells just like a band-aid at the zoo.
It's like dressed in draped.
That dream that we need to live.
It's one of the pretty lists of the band-aid.
It seems all you got to do is just ask to your head.
Who writes his ass with sound that's a Alabama?
Oh, Brian.
He's girls but don't wear pants that's a Taliban.
Oh, Taliban.
Won't take the background as well.
He put back real quicks out.
I want to dance more.
World of World.
No, that way.
And there are things first.
I raise my hands like a gel out.
I never know when I go to the gallery.
It's a field we see.
Now it's a Taliban.
And as a black hero we tend to Taliban.
And here's a bomb for the Taliban in Afghanistan.
And we're gone.
Oh, Hanah and Hello.
Hanah is sure to know.
12 to 560 WQ.
I'm happy Friday to you.
I won't be here Monday.
George will be here.
So all you intellectuals, all you great colors.
Get ready for Monday.
Freakin holiday, man.
It's gonna be take the calls up the ass.
Oh, yeah.
That's where I'll be taking our kids.
That's where George is sticking the phone.
Now here's one from Abby who says,
hey, Neil, I love the show.
Listen quite often.
Oh, by the way, the people that are,
I didn't understand what that guy was talking about before.
Because he started with Kat Manzi.
They said, Johnny V. John Velasquez,
who's certainly the best jockey in the second race
today at Gulf Stream.
And the people at him and somebody else says,
they both tell me they both picked the worst that I picked.
Would you have heard what I told you before the show started,
right?
So you can you can verify.
Right.
So I say it now or not.
I don't know why.
When I get to their emails, I'll say it.
Hi, Neil.
Love the show.
Listen quite often.
I'll still try to support your sponsors telling me I heard
their ad on your show.
Thank you.
Her to rumor that Anderson Cooper is gay.
You fairy.
Do you have any info on that?
A rumor that's like a rumor that Elton John is gay.
The people that told me seem reliable.
Their son's best friend used to live with him,
not as roommates as boyfriend.
Just wondering if you heard this on the gay grapevine.
Have a great, great weekend and stay warm,
says Abby.
Well, he's as gay as a goose, not the good.
And by the way, kill a goose for Christ.
So shame that Thanksgiving and Christmas are over with,
because isn't that when they cooked the a family goose?
Okay.
Didn't screw you bring by a big old goose and the Christmas day.
Big old goose.
There was them geese that flew into the engines of that plane yesterday
and all those people.
That's a miracle that nobody got.
It was an accident, but nobody got it.
No, they showed us some slow motion footage
of a bird going into the turbine.
And they chopped up, you know, oh, oh, yeah.
Like without any warning, like, here's what a bird looks like.
And then they showed it.
But these weren't just birds.
These were big old ducks.
Yes.
And when a duck goes in the engine, forget about it.
You better duck.
Demzy says, never bet the gilding is maybe the one
serious to place and show.
Yeah, I was originally going to pick the one,
but he's going to be chalk.
And it looks to me like he's a puke.
I don't know.
The chalk horse to fill in the ticket.
That leaves four colts.
Screw the Wayne horse.
The number two reminds me of who Zingah.
Oh, I see King combo sounds like a pretzel snack.
Maybe to place her show.
My daddy, oh, the six makes me think a while and hundreds.
Cramer.
What?
And buddy, Nevin's in case he from the sunshine band.
He'll be sniffing rears.
I don't like the six at all, which leaves the five
plash of arms.
You up the five.
That's what I already, that's what I already picked over the three one.
Well, I'm not doing, I'm not playing gimmicks.
We're just spending 50 bucks to win for Vanessa.
Every Friday we do this for the second race of Gulfstream.
Got it.
Got it.
So anyway, Greg says the five all the way wired to wire.
I don't know.
There's a lot of speed in that race, Greg.
A lot of speed.
Gonna be some pukeers in there.
I don't know.
But I still like the five plash of arms with the great John Velasquez.
John says I grew up a couple of miles from Brandy.
One worked there for a few years.
Great track.
Great horses like song cycle and cardigan bay.
I saw cardigan bay get beat at the Betavia Downs.
I bet you didn't know that.
Who Stanley Dancer out of the eight hole tried to force his way in man.
He was, he had a pair of balls.
I'll take it that and they wouldn't let him in.
And good time boy won the race driven by Henry Phillyon, not Irvey.
Anyway, getting back to Brandy one is his great drivers like Irvey Phillyon, Stanley
and Vernon Dancer and Jimmy Laurent.
Brandy one was in its heyday when horse racing was illegal in Pennsylvania.
Brandy one was just out of the state line when racing was legalized in Pennsylvania Liberty
Rail Open.
That pretty much did in Brandy one.
I was at Liberty Bell too with a professor, Robert Campbell.
There's an office park on the site.
Now you would have enjoyed it.
Says John.
Thank you John.
Brandy wine.
Try the wine.
I did it.
They've never been there.
What?
I was at Liberty Bell though.
Maybe I should make a list of all the racetracks I've been to in my life.
Okay.
And then why?
Put it on.
Set fire to it and wipe my ass with it.
You were talking about toilet paper the other day.
Sure.
There you go.
Write it on the toilet paper.
You know, that's one good thing at racetracks.
Well, at least at the woodmine.
I can speak for all of them.
But woodmine, they got great tea rooms and they got like lots of toilet paper always in it.
They got all these guys running around changing the, you know,
maintenance guys.
And they make sure that the toilet paper, big old roll, you know,
I'm talking about those industrial rolls that they have there.
Oh yeah.
They're not like they're not single ply like, you know,
wiping with their half apply.
They're what?
They're having a blast.
Oh, the ones I run into.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, those real super thin like the invisible plates.
That's right.
Wow.
Remember the movie The Black Hands?
Sure.
They think they're saving money but don't they know that everybody just takes twice as much,
three times as much until they get the desired thickness.
Right. Exactly.
And the desired result.
Right.
Fill arc.
Now let's see whether it feels going to be friendly today or cost to can hostile.
We haven't had too much of that today.
Good.
I can gradually use her Neil.
I would qualify your results in stopping the negative momentum of the past few books.
Sedano and Rosenberg probably will have to hush up with her ratings trash talk.
Sed was asked about the ratings this morning.
Didn't want to deal with the caller.
As I told you in a previous email the football intensive.
Something of the current QM on airline up is really hurting the station.
That's why La Bastia is doing better than all the other sports hosts in this market.
I would certainly get rid of what precedes you in the morning.
What follows you in the afternoon?
Oh boy.
Shot at the umjali Joe.
Well, I'm telling you what I tell you.
You think I'm joking about Zach and those guests.
All I know that those are the guests that Joe wants and that the station wants on here.
What's what Clarence wants?
Yeah.
Well, Clarence is he's the killer.
He's butchering.
But he's got naked pictures so he'll be around forever.
Anyway, Phil says I'm not sure if Anita Marx in the afternoon would work
although that's a slot to yield in Palm Beach before leaving Baltimore.
Kevin Rogers isn't bad at the very least he'd be guys now.
It's another subject other than football.
Well, you're not getting Joe Bell's Wall of Football, baby.
That's what's killing the sports shows.
That's all they talk about is football.
Football football.
Today's football Friday is a matter of fact.
And what are they going to do after the Super Bowl is over?
Wouldn't there ain't no more football for like months and months and months and months and months?
And what are they going to do then?
They'll talk about it anyway.
I just don't know if he has enough of an audience.
Kevin Rogers built up to be placed in mornings and besides he does need a co-host.
And as you said, Joe Bell isn't spending any money.
I'll keep on thinking on ideas and how to have the rest.
How to have the rest of the QM lineup benefit your show for a change.
You are carrying the station.
Feel arc.
He's going to keep thinking about ideas like somebody's going to listen to him.
Like they're going to listen to us.
Oh, Neil has so much influence on what goes on.
Yeah, right.
None.
Less than none.
In fact, I would say much, much, much, much, much less than none.
So everybody likes that five or six.
I shouldn't give it out on the air because then they'll bet him down.
I mean, he's four to one in the morning line,
but he should go off on three to one seven to two.
That wouldn't be bad.
Right.
But I'm going to feel bad if he doesn't win the race because then
Vanessa gets squat.
You know, you're not going to be picking a winner every time.
Well, I didn't shoot and pick a winner in our trial run last week.
Nope.
That one horse I picked broke of mediocre and stayed in the middle of the pack
and then made a little bit of a move on the final turn and then back to the pack.
He stuck the joint out and the one you picked that 99 to one shot.
Here he comes.
Still running.
Here he comes.
He's still running.
He looks like chicken picker with thick McCummer in a bike.
366 votes on our world flaming pool.
I don't mind the pool.
I just don't want to read it with all the people can be of some influence in your daily life.
Who do you trust the least?
Well, why can't we just say who do you trust the least?
Why do we need all that four play on there?
That purple time.
I don't know.
Because it's Charlie Pee's a pseudo intellectual clown.
366 votes politicians.
193.
Oh, they're kicking ass here.
Financial expert's 55 TV talking heads 42 lawyers.
26 Q a.m. management 19 medical doctors 19 you arrived.
Your seven and George Rodriguez only five.
I got you beat.
All right.
75 out of 366 vote.
Let's see if those emails are pouring in.
Yes, they are as a matter of fact.
But we don't have one from Anita Mark to tell us when she starts and what time.
Oh, here's one that says keep your geese and your Arctic code to yourselves.
You damn conucks.
By the way, did you lose power today?
That was in the west end of the city.
I didn't lose no power.
And if I would have lost power, how would I be on the air?
Magic.
Irv, a Henry Fillion also drew a brandy wine.
It seemed to have been a favorite of the Canadian drivers.
Henry Fillion.
I told you the other day if you see a horse being driven by any Fillion, look out now.
My, my, my.
Oh, here we go.
I've copied the recent cattle futures stats.
This is Greg for you below.
Why don't you read it to the audience?
Be more interesting than the ratings you torture your audience with.
Learn what makes a real good radio program.
You sissy bore regards Gregory Belmore Esquire.
Wow.
Yeah, the cattle futures stats.
Take your meat and shove it, Greg.
I only have this much money.
Oh, but I'm in the other planet life.
She complains to her mother.
She needs the best clothes in town.
But my daughter gets to the world.
She's spending me to the ground.
I'm broke till my daughter.
No, she don't realize.
Daddy, they're gonna spend me.
Oh, from my daughter.
Your daddy's little girl.
Your dad took money for this Google pair.
Let me just go shopping.
New graduates are asking for breastfeeding.
Oh, let's just all go out and rob a bank now with it.
1217 at 560 WQM.
What a real pleasant surprise I just got on the email.
How do you like that?
Okay.
And you always say that these are never the real people.
Right?
This is from the real Dick Feinbury.
Remember Dick Feinbury from Pompano Park?
Sure.
It's the real Dick Feinbury.
He even uses a password here, so I know what's him.
See, that's how you do it.
He said, since I used to run to join,
I figured I could answer your Cal Expo questions.
It was called Golden Bearback in the former millennium,
now called Cal Expo Harness.
Rick Kebler retired last year while I was out there
managing the facility again.
We had a retirement party for him on the satellite broadcast.
Rick and the Kebler elves.
The blonde guy you're referring to is Gene Volandingham,
who in his younger days was called Captain America
for his white, white and blue driving skills.
He still gets behind a horse once in a while,
but at this point in his career, he drives like he's retired.
He did back then, too.
He did back then.
He couldn't drive his finger up his...
Back them.
I'm back in Pompano currently semi-retired,
listening from time to time.
Brett Hanover beat Cardigan Bay at Vittavia
the greatest race I ever saw.
I remain unrelated to Joel Feinbury.
Keep doing what you're doing.
It sounds good to me, Dick Feinbury.
Thanks, Dick.
Great guy.
He got screwed over to it, Pompano Park,
and boy, they were really...
Oh, yeah.
What a number they did on that place.
I don't want to tell you who went to Pompano yesterday
in Los 70 bucks playing the slots.
Okay.
John.
Okay, what's it named?
That's all I need, you know?
Somebody who gets a fever.
That's the way the economy is nowadays in my...
I just don't need anybody else to get the slots.
It's my fault, though, you know.
I'm sure.
Extreme Reels.
That's the game that he had a big...
He had a pretty good jackpot on a couple months ago.
Extreme...
I call it extreme aggravation,
because it's one of those where if it's got five Reels,
and if the first three line up with something,
you know, like bars or sevens or whatever,
then the fourth one spins,
and it's like a multiple, like, one time or five time.
And if it's any of those, if it comes up on anything,
then the last Reel comes up,
and it's a multiple times what the first one was,
like five times five or five times three or whatever.
Only the last Reel goes real slow,
and it makes this agonizing...
And 99% of the time it's stuffed just short
or just beyond where you want it to stop.
Extreme aggravation.
Gotta hate that game.
Oh my god, I never hit squad on it.
If you looked real close at the news report
that a plane crashed his cliff,
you could see Tim Tibo saving those people's lives.
Isn't it just magical?
And by the way, those past Reels got a
flight and a cruise for the price of just one.
Reel clever there, Cliff.
Hey, whatever your name is.
Based on the average, that's a pretty good email there.
You know what, it was pretty good, it was fine.
Not that we have any more on there now, they're taking a pause.
Once we get to noon, they go to lunch, they do stuff,
and they just leave me hanging, you know.
Mm-hmm.
But I will say this, going back to the numbers,
you think Claris is going to give us monthly
in any way, shape, perform at any time?
Eventually.
We won't see them today.
Why not?
It doesn't work that way.
It usually takes at least one day, maybe two,
to get all the hour by hours and the money.
No, no, I'm not talking about hour by hour,
I'm talking about monthly.
I don't know.
I'll go X during the summer.
Because monthly is you figure out, I mean, any clown,
I can do it if it just sent me the, the rolling trends.
Okay.
I can tell you what we got.
You can do it with your crown.
And then Monday, of course, when we get the hourlies,
then we're going to find out what's going on there between two and four.
We're going to find out if somebody is really as...
Rock solid.
As you think so, you know.
I mean, yeah, I don't wish you many.
I got no problem with him.
I mean, he does speak Spanish, baby talk,
and you always say he talks crap, but, you know.
Oh, no, I don't.
Yeah, you do.
You know, listen, no matter who we had on between two and right.
If it's a sports show, you will not listen to that.
That's right.
That's right.
You know, neither of them will,
you would need it most other people.
You would need to give jerks a chance.
Neither will most other people.
You would even give a jerks a chance.
Come and act, you know.
With all that, I told him I was going to miss him.
The first time I saw him.
Come on, that's it.
You knew what?
I said, we're going to miss him.
The first time I met him.
In other words, he's going to be here.
What a nice guy.
I'm going to miss him.
Why?
The first time I met him.
Why?
Because that's what will happen with whoever they stick on in the afternoon.
Ever.
Let me ask you this.
I mean, I brought Joe Rose back,
which we like Joe a lot.
I'll owe his number in this book, I wasn't here.
Who's the best hire that they've made since Joe Belkin?
Have they heard anybody who belongs on the air?
DA, he, I'll get back to you.
All the forces on the way out.
What?
Let me do some research and get back to you.
Oh my God, that is revolutionary.
Having somebody who actually belongs on the air
might have somebody listening, get a number.
Wow.
How can you get a one share at night and still beat the guys across the street
with their zero point eight?
Once the Marlins were over, boy, they didn't have squat.
They might as well just shut that baby down.
387 on a pole.
Let's make 500 today.
Make everybody feel good.
Would you feel good?
I feel great.
I'm happy that I heard from Dick Feinberg.
He's a great guy.
And you know, once in a while we can email from somebody
that we really want to hear from.
Isn't that nice?
Although I'm sure most of the people in the audience
don't know Rick Hebeler and his keeper elves,
but that's, you know, he was, I don't know.
He was strange.
In fact, the racing out there seemed very strange to me.
I made money too, so I shouldn't, you know, I shouldn't knock it.
I made money at Golden Bear.
Or maybe I lost money.
I just forgot.
I have a feeling that most of us who gamble
in any way, shape, or form, we have a tendency to remember
the winnings much better than the losings.
Although I do remember, I once took my from Kalamazoo,
from Portage, Michigan, WTPS 1969, I want to say,
I'm pretty sure was, took my chief engineer and his wife
to Hazel Park to watch Nevilley pride and Stanley Dancer.
And what they're just to see that race,
there was no betting on a race.
Because Nevilley pride would have been the prohibitive favorite
and they didn't want to pay out show money or whatever.
And at any rate, I lost 700 bucks that night.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
I do remember that.
I'm sure.
Back in those days, 700 bucks was a lot of money, Sunny.
A lot of money.
So, drove a couple of times, drove all the way from Detroit
to Batavia to see Speedy Scott.
He broke before the start and was 100 lengths behind.
And the crowd was booing, which I thought was grotesque.
And I drove all the way to Batavia to see a Cardigan Bay race
with a great Stanley Dancer.
And like I said, he got parked the entire mile
and good time boy with Henri Filion won the race.
What a memory for just minutiae, you know?
Yep.
But I'm trying to get us in the proper mood
for the big Gulf Stream thing at 140.
It's a long ways off.
What?
Nothing.
I can't wait.
When are you going out there?
I think you're going next week.
Next week?
Next Friday.
That's right.
Wow.
You're going to be in two days.
Go out there and see George
if you don't catch him this Saturday, tomorrow,
at the Coconut Creek Advanced Auto Parts, 10 to noon.
Then go out and see him, um,
what do we do?
The whole show?
That's right.
The whole show next Friday at Gulf Stream.
Are you sure we're incredibly nice to us?
I'll tell you that.
Yeah.
They are.
They're wonderful.
We love them.
They love us.
We love us.
Like you were deliberating that.
Sorry.
I was swallowing spit.
You were doing what?
Swallowing spit.
Swallowing what?
Oh, spit.
I thought you said.
Yeah.
I thought maybe jolly joe came and stuff
by me, gave you a wave and threw some at you.
So how's that car coming?
Oh, yeah.
I'm holding my breath.
Come on.
Somebody bring by a brand new Cadillac
escalate for George.
Just leave the keys at the front desk
with the food cake.
Is he still working there for Eki Carlos?
Yeah.
Well, why do you say it like that?
Everybody else is getting cut back.
Can't they just automate the front desk
and they blow him out of there?
No, come on.
Oh, God.
Real American a halls.
Real American a halls.
We salute you.
Mr. Broke Your New Year's Resolution to Quit Smoking Guy.
Mr. Broke Your New Year's Resolution to Quit Smoking Guy.
The ball dropped and so did your willpower.
Tana, whose Cadillac?
Tana, Tana.
Every year you swear you're gonna quit.
And every year you high-tail it to the nearest
smoke for last by 1205.
Don't forget the message.
It's 30 below outside in the office smoking lounge.
But you don't care.
Because for the next five minutes,
you are the marble mass.
No, come if you got it there.
With the money you'd save on cigarettes alone,
you could put down a down payment on a new condo.
But nobody.
Condos don't come in menthol.
So we salute you.
Mr. Broke Your New Year's Resolution to Quit Smoking Guy.
Your trembling fingers.
Your yellow teeth.
And your camo cash.
You are a real American A-hole.
1231 at 560 WQA.
And here's a couple of gems.
I knew the negativity would start just before the weekend.
Yeah.
Well, no show is complete with the emails without some good
negativity.
Subject, uga, buga, buga.
From Maine and Florida.
Greetings and salutations, Mr. B. Helfer.
And he knows my real name congratulations.
I moved to Sennails Beach from New York area,
around 93.95 and discovered your show a year or two later.
Since most of my time was spent getting an all over at Hullover,
I had plenty of free time to be entertained midday.
And your show and format was topical subversive and a lot of fun.
What happened?
You really have changed Neil and after hearing the same from innumerable people,
one would think you'd get a clue.
But according to you, everyone is an A-H.
Why do I still on occasion listen?
I'm hoping you'll wake up from the coma and we discover your imagination and creativity.
Please wake up, sign Frank D.
PS, congrats on one of the best no jobs of all way
by getting your contract extension for any amount of money.
You've got to be laughing all the way to the bank.
Thanks so much, Frank.
Thanks for listening.
A-Hull.
How do you like that?
Like I said, can't just turn it off.
Doesn't like the show anymore, huh?
And quite frankly, other than the stuff that we can't say or can't play,
I still don't know.
I still don't know what it is that makes the show different.
How I've changed.
How have I changed?
Can you tell me?
You've got an older, a folder, a fatter, a fatter?
Not a fatter.
You're not getting late anymore, so you're probably all bitter and hard to do.
Far-bistened.
Yeah.
They never say.
Oh, how you've changed.
Used to be such a nice boy and now you're such a far-bistened bastard fag.
Whatever.
Hey, you bring up a good point.
I remember that, uh, that call, that drop, whatever you want to call it from that old lady.
You used to be such a nice boy.
Yeah, and that was 100 years ago.
Every time you change, uh, people complain.
The only thing I change is my underwear, okay?
Well, that's great.
Every day.
You're my bitches back, subject once again.
Oh my god dang it.
Unbelievable.
Your emailers can't even come up with their own material.
That Tim Tivo saved the plane and flight
and cruised for the price of one joke was on Paul and Ron this morning.
Unbelievable.
Once again, you suck.
Your email is suck and this is just sad.
Call it all these schmucks to come up with their own material.
You hear that cliff?
You got dang ass-sucking unoriginal schmuck.
George Granchow, get your own show.
Baaah!
Baaah!
It says.
From, uh, you're my bitch.
Baaah!
Granchow and get your own show.
The way you read, uh, his, I presume that it's a him.
Yeah.
The way you read his emails is very funny.
Isn't it?
You're a good kid.
Why I enjoyed him, but with the premise of your writer.
I even enjoyed the previous one from Frank D with the all over it all over.
You've changed.
What happened to you?
Not a damn thing, okay?
Not a damn thing.
Jerry says 940's numbers from 3 to 6 were good because of Randy Rhodes.
With this being in election year, Randy's supporting Obama was good radio.
Randy mentions you from time to time saying she loved you, the godfather,
a son-father radio, and Joe Bell's a pimp.
Ever see him and tatagli together?
Same guy.
Tatagli was a pimp, Joe Bell's a pimp, with white hair.
Maria Bartoromo, uh, checked in today.
We haven't heard from Maria in a while.
Hello, Mr. Rogers.
I'm sorry I haven't been able to write you this week.
However, I have been listening.
I've been extremely busy covering the exit of our great leader in the inauguration of our new
president.
I would like to take this opportunity to ask you and your listeners to pay no attention to the fact
that the market has been down six out of the past seven days.
Never mind the growing government deficit or large unemployment figures.
Today is the last day to buy stocks before the Obama bounce.
It's a buying opportunity of a lifetime.
Furthermore, I'm extremely disappointed that you're doing a bit involving horse racing.
Everyone knows that gambling is for suckers and investing is for the educated.
Moreover, I was disgusted yesterday as I heard a young lady named Lisa or LaSette right
in saying she loves your show even more now that you're doing horse racing bits.
Young ladies, save your money and invest in the markets.
I wish you and Georgia happy and safe weekend regards Maria B.
Time is ticking, she says.
Time is ticking and we're taking a looking.
Because it's a buying opportunity and the Obama bounce is going to start on Tuesday.
Look at that.
Looking on the inbox there.
Nothing.
Nothing.
We got an hour before the second race of Gulfstream.
Isn't that depressing?
I think you're my bitches got a good point.
As far as they can be as concerned.
Oh, and he writes it out with a whole bunch of A's and H's next.
So it's easy to articulate that when you have it right in the front.
It's like reading the Chinese phone book.
398 votes on the pool.
I don't think you're going to make no 500.
Although it's only 1235.
Are you kidding me?
Do these people have any idea how long four hours is to do this every day?
They don't care.
Huh?
They don't care.
They don't care.
They don't care.
I got that whole thing about the blue bell ice cream by the way.
I started yesterday and I got ice cream interruptus.
You said blue bell, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
As opposed to Joe Bell Joe Bell ice cream?
Sure.
Yeah.
It would be very sour.
Probably would be sour.
That's fine.
When you come right down to it, what is it that separates great ice cream
from good ice cream from bad ice cream?
Well, they had a documentary on that, you know.
Did they?
And in like gelato in Italy, it's not like all.
It doesn't have all the fillers in it.
All the artificial crap in the fillers in it that like regular ice cream
that we buy most of the time.
The important thing is you have a lot of cream in it.
Real cream.
Yeah.
It's got to be whipped while it's frozen.
Whipers, there's yeah, it's got to be whipped good.
During the freezing process, it has to crystallize in a certain way.
If it thaws and then re re-freezes it's ruined.
As you know, if you've ever gotten ice cream that thawed in the freezer
like that, it went out or something.
Oh my god.
It undoes the process.
You buy that in the supermarket and you take it home and you get all excited
and you nuke it a little bit.
And then it tastes like mung.
And you can always see there, you know, if you check the outside of the package,
usually there's some spill over, some sloppover.
So cheap ice cream is done very quickly.
They don't spend a lot of time during the whipping and freezing process.
You like eaties?
I don't know, I guess.
I don't know.
Other more expensive premium ice creams, they do it very slowly and painstakingly
and take their nice ice cream.
Nestle makes great ice cream.
Breyer's makes great ice cream.
Okay.
That's your bag, baby.
What do you mean by that?
You're the ice cream kind of swear.
I am.
I like it.
Italy, you love it.
I'll tell you that gelato in Germany is just as good as the gelato in Italy.
Now some Italians will probably take issue with that,
but I'm telling you, the gelato like in Cologne, Germany.
Oh my god.
Wow.
It's not the only thing that's sweet in Cologne, I'll tell you.
The biggest weight of the best talent.
You know, if you know Roger, why are you bastard?
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm glad we're in all night.
Well, some of the red snakes and blue snakes got pretty nasty.
They called each other names.
They just track ass loser punks.
Fuck, but we should all forgive and forget.
Let everyone play it.
The red deer game.
Woohoo.
So here's two.
We're great new year.
Happy New Year.
Yes, so what is lots to be here?
That's why I'm ready.
What if we're here?
Can't look at this new year.
So I got a lot of strength to you.
Can't put down your land and give.
Yeah, I got a lot of strength to you.
Then you'll be too numb to feel.
Oh.
Love you, the deer.
Woohoo.
Do do do do.
Pro 44 at QAM.
PD says, please, please make George shut up.
It's bad enough when he fills in for you.
It's terminal when YouTube banter back and forth.
Just read something or play bits or talk to ponies or anything.
Not that this guy is trying to rip off the eye.
Hit the bird spot.
Right.
Thank you uncle Nielsen's PD.
Oh, and by the way, you're my bridge guy.
I sent another very short email that said,
BAM.
As all it said.
See George likes those.
And quit.
Quit playing with your ring.
BAM.
That's what it said.
Who wouldn't think that's funny.
Who would think what's funny?
BAM.
It is funny.
Hey, listen, if I took these seriously, I mean,
I'd be in a mental institution already.
And this business about, oh, how you've changed.
Do you think there's so many A holes out there?
Well, guess what there are.
Because like you always say, a lot of the same A holes
who are on the phone are out there on the emails.
A lot of anonymous A holes.
A British judge has sentenced former culture club frontman,
Boyd George, to 15 months in jail after he was convicted of falsely
imprisoning a male escort.
Last year in Norwegian escort,
Odin Carlson told a trial.
Then in 2007, he was handcuffed to a wall hook
at the East London Department of the Singer,
whose real name is George O'Dowd.
Prosecutor said Carlson was held by O'Dowd for 100 an hour.
The singer was denied the charges,
but he was convicted in December.
O'Dowd was sentenced on Friday.
How long?
15 months in jail.
He had him like hooked up to a hook on the wall, you know.
Okay.
Well, at least he didn't get away that way.
407 votes on the poll.
You think we're going to make 500?
Let's give it a shot.
Let's try for an old Fat Chris' sake.
Here's one that says,
from your neighbor,
in this economy, people losing their jobs,
how can they give the art dealer and the midget
a billion dollars for a stadium that nobody's going to go to?
I think they better find things to do with that money,
give it to education and the rest to you.
Keep up your best and in closing,
after Marlins, signed your neighbor.
How do you like that?
I don't even know my neighbors.
Dungeon?
Well, I know it won across the street.
I don't know her, but I know she's...
Well, well, that's the one that gets so excited Saturday night
because she can't sleep because she's going to go to church
on Sunday morning.
Wouldn't you be?
No, I would not.
I wouldn't want to get up.
I wouldn't want to wake up at all.
Although I do get up early on Saturday and Sunday morning
is a good way to go to Woodbuy.
That's fine. That's my religion.
Oh, he's gambling. It's evil.
That's right. I'm passing along all my evil ways
to all the impressionable young people out there,
gambling and screwing around and all these things, you know.
Thank God we got George to balance it out.
Oh, yeah.
I think I'm going to block this rocky guy,
Ernie Banks, you know, the one I was seeing before,
such an idiot.
Just over and over.
And guess what, Rocky,
you never have anything to say.
See, I don't mind people that email a lot.
I'd even put up with Jason from plantation today
or even what's his name in Asherwa,
where the hell he is.
Kissing or waterloo.
Adam Ashmack.
I'd even put up with him.
But when people have nothing to say, keep emailing,
it's just, let's see what Rocky has this time,
signing it again, Ernie Banks, which is really, really amusing.
Not.
Thank you for your time again, Jens.
I just had lunch at Shane's Ribsack and it was fantastic.
The ribs were superb and as good as Lucille's.
And they gave me this pulled pork with some Texas toast
that was slamming.
George, add chains to the whiteboard or chalkboard
and you're keeping all those good restaurants on, would you?
Yeah, can't it be chalkboard, okay?
I got a waterboard.
And don't forget to hit five guys,
so you'll marvel at the five dollar double stack with cheese.
No matter what the ratings say,
you guys always be doing it for the childrens,
whatever the hell that is.
Just, just, just crap.
Just crap, Rocky.
Write something meaningful, something funny,
something interesting, even, I like that a lot better.
Didn't you like, bang, a lot better than the way I just read?
Yeah.
A lot better.
Bang, bang, bang.
The sound is out Florida.
Bang, bang, bang.
Yeah, you got it.
Nothing in the of you.
Nothing.
And that is shame, that'll make you feel bad.
Neil at neorodges.com.
That's okay, the one and two hour,
we'll kill it with the horse racing thing.
We got the picked the ponies thing.
Vanessa is our contestant,
and the five pleasure arms written by George Velasquez
will be the pick.
And if he wins, he gets 50 bucks to win on whatever that horse pays.
Aren't you excited?
I'm thrilled, I can't wait.
Of course, the first race is until 115,
so we got a lot of, a lot of what you do.
I'll let you monitor CNN.
Turn off all that, what you think is going to happen.
Well, no, I want to see if there's any changes,
and I missed, they're up to the fifth race already.
Listen, I'm into my Spanish soap over here.
Don't make me change.
26 minutes, still post time for the first race at Gulf Stream.
And they're showing the changes now.
Maybe those scratches through your horses in the first race
it'll be like a forum, it'll be a match race.
Clash of arms, good works at Gulf Stream, good works.
Well, it works.
You do have workouts?
What?
I could go into a thing about the workout.
See in harness racing, they have qualifying races
that are actually timed, and the horses identified.
And it's like a real race only, there's no betting,
and there's no purse money.
But in thoroughbred racing, they have workouts early in the morning,
and the clockers, the alpha clockers, they go out there,
and they're supposed to recognize, I mean,
they don't have like a list of the horses they're working out.
They have to recognize the horse and what trainer they're with
and the audio audio.
And so there's always in my mind a possibility that
a great workout might be assigned to a horse
that it isn't really him.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I mean, for example, can you go to the track,
and if the horse is out there, didn't have any numbers on,
or any like identifying marks,
could you separate one from the other?
No.
I mean, to you, they probably all look like chicken picker, you know?
That's right.
Here's one from an Oklahoma City area code, 405.
I can understand your hate for all things Florida,
since you've been essentially exiled from the state
and can't live there anymore.
Oh really, I didn't know that.
I missed that memo.
However, when you display your hatred for a radio host
that made it big, like Maddo and Larry King,
to me, that's just pure raw, unadulterated, evil jealousy
that you're spewing.
Right.
Do I have hatred for Larry King?
I wouldn't call it that.
No, I'd call it contempt.
Sure.
All the people that he screwed over
and that the legacy he left behind in South Florida,
nasty, hateful, uh, bunch of crap.
And as far as she's concerned, Rachel Maddo,
I don't have any hatred for it.
I just don't like your show.
That's all.
Am I entitled or not?
I guess not.
No.
No.
Yeah, to agree with that.
I'm not talking about her anymore,
because every time I mention her in any way,
I'm not going to say that.
This is my first time on a ship or phone.
It's the same whole bunch of emails.
Oh, how can you say that?
And you don't like women.
And you're an old Fag.
Well, I'm an old Fag.
I like some women.
Some women I don't like.
Some men I like, some I don't like.
But, you know, I've changed so much.
I'm just waiting for the first email
to tell me what the changes in me.
I'm not talking about what we can play
or the tone of the show or whatever.
I just, I would just like to hear it.
Because basically what we have is
a bunch of chronic complainers, but they all look at this.
Here's one of the jockeys just crossed himself until the
L.F. Park before hopping on a mount.
Do you ever cross yourself before hopping on a mount just
this morning? I mean, doesn't that require an incredible, I
mean, I've told you I've seen Paco cross himself before
taking like aspirin?
Doesn't that require an incredible amount of brainwashing to
get people to do that after they become like, you know,
five years older.
So yeah.
Well, what is that supposed to accomplish when you cross
yourself?
It's like anything else.
It's like, you know, praying before a football game.
It's like baseball players who cross themselves right for
every pitch.
Don't you know that God plays favorites like Pudge?
I said, Pudge, right?
You're still yourself.
God's going to notice you more and more attention to what's
going on. Yes.
And if you're taking a poisonous pill, you cross yourself
before you take a poisonous pill, God will magically change
it into a non-pursant pill.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Maybe I'll change it into a neco wafer.
You like neco waifers?
Sure.
Yeah.
Can't find him around very much anymore.
I know reminiscing living in the past, old people live
in the past.
What's wrong with neco waifers?
Not a damn thing.
What's wrong with Mary Jane's?
Nothing.
Nothing's wrong with Mary Jane at all.
I know.
That's you.
That's you and that nasty weed.
Ain't nothing nasty about my weed.
Yeah, that's not what I heard.
It's just these guys nicked and suds and whatever the heck it is.
And the people I call in, they're just like them like that.
They were on the water call at the weed in their high.
And I mean, it's terrible.
Terrible.
The years that I've been looking at, listen to six, 10 and
and this here.
See, I didn't invent that neither did you.
You're my bitch.
That's the sound of South Florida.
I had never since I came in.
I'm sure long before I arrived on the scene.
415 votes on the pool.
I think we got a shot at 514 16.
We want to make fat Chris really proud.
Now, what's the story with that to deal with the bedtime stories on the website?
You are as up to date as I am as a matter of fact.
Which is because I was out of the room during that conversation.
So you know, much more about it than I do.
Well, I know what he's still doing and the fact Chris can't.
He can't muster the enthusiasm or the energy to get involved.
He still doesn't know how to put him up and everyone who doesn't need the money.
They must have really paid him some big bucks to work overnight on that 5 to 6 hour
in the morning with Jesse Agler.
Does anybody know we got that show from 5 to 6 in the morning?
What's up?
Whatever it is.
A.M. early edition with Jesse Agler.
I don't even hear any promos for it.
I mean, nobody's up at that hour, but even so.
Oh, here's the second race at Tampa.
I love this guy.
This guy is hysterical screaming and yelling and puking and just going crazy.
Every race is like the readers cup classic to this guy screaming and puking.
You know the guy I'm talking about?
No.
At Tampa Bay Downs, yes, you do.
You recognize them when I put them back.
Here he is.
Has the call.
Oh, see, we would have found his name.
If I had a punch to the second sooner, I don't know what his name is.
Moving in line for the second.
Now you recognize that voice.
No.
Yeah, you do.
But we got to we got a couple of minutes before the break.
That's good.
So this is a warmest.
This will like segway us into the Gulf Stream stuff.
Vanessa.
Are they contact Vanessa and tell her it's her.
It's my her 50 bucks.
Yes.
Now what if Vanessa just said, well, I'll just take the 50 bucks.
Don't make the bag.
I'm not magical cure.
Can't do it.
I can't do it, honey.
I mean, Vanessa, not you.
Number three, Mamba, Wapia, Lactine, Appanagate.
Mamba, Wapile.
That's like Mazda.
Here they say Mazda.
Do you have anything like that?
And you're that's real Kanuki.
Mazda.
I've heard it.
Oh, I hate that.
Mazda.
A little bit too Kanuki for me, a.
Are they there wrapped up out?
There we go.
Here he goes.
Open that gate up for Christ's Ex.
It's only a four hour show.
Let's go.
Want to hear this guy screaming and puking and yelling and gnashing.
One of the six horses acting up in a gate.
I hate this part.
Open a gate.
Press that button, you jackass.
This is the part that just drives you.
Yeah.
And there are.
Yeah.
How you did it?
A way in running.
Jack the Whipper.
Yes, I was there.
We came up for there to eat with Ken.
I got to touch baby.
Wait on the outside.
Be a great cat in the master's away.
Mamboe appeal.
They move out of the long seven for don't shoot and hook up for the main track.
Be a great cat on the far outside is now driving to believe Jack the Whipper is there toward the rail.
Second, Dr. Garrett between horses and Dr.
his name.
Some fast out of your.
You're right.
I'm in a way.
You're 560 Q.
I am.
I need fourth lead.
Hey, but heads.
It's the one to do our.
It's the illegitimacy.
It's certainly something that I think I document quite thoroughly has been promoted through the media, the courts and the federal government.
And the
co-tops of the
Hitchhitch.
She is full of hate.
Makes everybody angry.
Get the lip rolls on.
What up?
Worship by the Fox News game.
Cuts is blonde and tall.
But if she ever ended up.
The thing no one would care at all.
You could be a widow.
You could be a priest.
You know that you'll attack you if you ever disagree.
Wonder what she's saying.
Get by dropping her bones.
She supports our soldiers by attacking grieving moms.
Can you make her go away?
Can we break your skinny legs?
No.
We wish each other faith.
Wonder if I'll get it in the way.
Is she a woman anyway?
One thing we sure can say.
And talk to the disgrace.
And talk to the disgrace.
The threat of right wing violence in a country that is keening with left wing violence.
Take a breath.
The Democratic National Convention.
Take a breath.
Now what is this safety poster?
And it's a guy.
It looks like it is.
It's Freddie Mercury.
It's been reported.
I slept with over 3000 men.
What is that supposed to prove?
Hugh Hefner.
I don't know.
Brown or pink.
Stop and think.
Oh my God.
Lordy.
Yeah.
Lordy, Lordy.
A great thought for the weekend.
Anyway, here's one that says, and you know, I invited them.
All these people.
Oh, you've changed and you're not the same.
I invited them to give me some specifics.
How many do you think I've gotten?
None.
Zero.
I got goss who says you haven't changed at all.
You're by far the best entertainment and radio.
So by the way, is it true that gay guys prefer uncircumcised ones?
That's like asking is it true that straight guys prefer vanilla ice cream, you know?
Different strokes for different folks.
I see.
John from Lake Worth says, I told myself I wouldn't watch the chimpanzee give his farewell address,
but Obermann had it live so I decided to watch.
Same for me.
Same crap says John.
The only so-called accomplishment he thinks he can hang his head on is that he kept a safer after 9-11,
which was almost the entire subject of his speech, right?
Like Rudy Giuliani, a noun or a verb at 9-11.
No, Mr. President, you got lucky we were never attacked again.
The borders are still unguarded.
Immigration is still unchecked, but we have safe shoes and airplanes.
And today the first responders in New York City still can't communicate amongst the different agencies.
You got lucky.
He has nothing else to take positive credit for, just a long, long list of F-ups.
How this D-bag sleeps the night is beyond me.
Good ridden to W. We will not miss you when you're crew.
Love you, John and Lake Worth.
He's not saying love you to W. You're saying it to us.
Maybe you say it to W. Not.
First race of Gulfstream, 11 minutes away.
They're coming out for the post parade.
Aren't you excited? Isn't the I.M.?
Well, this is only for the first race, right?
Our picked up pony thing is for the second race, which is about 140, or there are boots.
So don't let me forget to take that 35 break early.
OK, 35.
But we don't want to miss the call of the race.
I know.
I'm looking on the emails on there.
Nothing.
Neil at Nearoges.com.
I'm still waiting for all the list of things that I need to change.
You go back to reinvent the old meal.
Wow.
Wow.
On the track for race number one with exacta, trifecta.
I don't know who the race caller is.
The youngster is pretty good.
He ain't no Ross Morton.
Rest in peace.
Ross Morton.
No, you know, great.
Three scratch, three deep moire, seven salty wave,
and eight house quest.
Fast firm in 10 minutes to post.
And they come out and just like chanadas,
they just waltz onto that track man just barely taking a breath.
Ever noticed that the difference between thoroughbreds and how little they do before the race
is supposed to standard breads who come out and warm up like, you know, before the race.
And three miles before the race.
Three miles.
Can you imagine running three miles before the show every day?
No.
Once upon a time.
Could you?
We've played on your pool.
You're never going to make 500.
I feel bad for you.
I'm not going to make 500.
Fat Chris ain't going to make 500.
He ain't going to make 500.
He's not here to know.
Come on people.
Come on people.
They used to crack me up the way he would say that.
Maybe it's going to be all John Veleska's double three five.
Three in five for the double.
What do you say?
Great rider.
And I noticed that your main Ridgeman hand who rides the one Sarah's in the second race,
which was, which is going to be the favorite.
That was the one I originally like.
He hasn't want to race this meat so far.
He's 0 for 18.
That's the younger brother of Sean Bridgeman hand, which Dave Johnson always like makes
clucking sounds when he talks about how bad Sean Bridgeman hand it.
Cluck, cluck, you know.
I don't think he makes clucking sounds, but he like, not, we're just going to ask.
You're not ready.
You're not in the mood for it.
I'm stoked.
I'm hard.
You only get a week.
Next Friday is the first of several Georgia appearances out there.
Right.
And I plan to continue my education.
And I love that.
Oh, yeah.
That.
Oh, now I know I was going to say before it finally came back to me.
The one about what does George do with these appearances?
Does he sing?
Does he tell jokes?
You know what that reminded me of?
I know.
I do know.
Remind me of back in the IOD days.
We didn't appear in the first race.
I think it was a border.
I think it was a border.
And these two women from Detroit.
Old, old, old, old ladies.
Real old.
Ancient like Mathusla.
And they came by big fans and big dick curtain fans from Detroit and yada yada.
And I thought we spent a lot of time with them.
You and me, remember?
Right.
And then I think one of them called it was like on a Saturday.
And then one of them called on Monday.
And they were so disappointed.
And how come we didn't pay more attention to them?
And why didn't we?
I don't know.
I don't know what they wanted.
What were they expecting?
Did they want us to go out there and do and dance the kazas?
Even if there was something.
Although I'm working on a juggling routine, you know, just sit tight.
And then that's not the only time that's ever happened.
But then especially I'll never forget that one.
I was that the one you were thinking of?
I was thinking about when you would go to the hockey games and that bitch
whoever it was.
Oh, yeah.
That there was a binoculars bad old bitch.
Leave it after the game.
And she comes out at about the same time from the exit.
And she says, oh, Neil, I watch you for the entire game.
And all you do is just sit there.
She's got binoculars.
She sits across the way.
And she didn't come to watch the game, which figures, I guess, in South Florida.
She came to watch me.
And all I did was just sit there.
I mean, I don't know what I was supposed to do.
I mean, when the Panthers score a goal, I get up and cheer and yell and, well, like everybody else.
And during the game, I'm yelling a few comments, a few choice comments.
But I guess she came there not she didn't pay for the ticket to see the game.
She came there to watch me.
Some of you people get a life.
I have no life.
Oh, my God.
I have no life.
Good.
Golly Miss Molly.
She sat there and watched me with the binoculars the whole game.
I should have picked my nose.
If I would have noted, I'd have picked a few winners just for that bitch and flicked her.
Oh, just Bob says, good luck.
Oh, number one is scratch from the second race.
Well, that's not good.
Oh, no.
Number one is scratched in the second race.
He was going to be the truck.
That's going to bring our price down.
That makes it only a five-house race.
Oh, no.
Third race.
The sixth is scratched.
Don't you feel like unclean?
Yeah, exactly.
Couldn't have said it better myself unclean unclean.
The one said now that's when I was going to pick so it's an amg a thing I didn't pick that one.
Oh, I'm sure that you would have given me the ability to pick a second choice.
Okay.
I'll tell you one thing.
I hope that your buddies there.
I hope that the flea and the Steve's phone.
Hey, got this thing nailed down.
In other words, I hope they know what we're doing.
Because that would be a first to QA and when anybody would know what they were doing.
We'll mark it on the calendar.
Mark it down.
Well, thanks Bob for telling me because nobody else told me that sayers is scratched from the second race.
Five minutes till post time for the first race.
So maybe we should do this break.
Or make a name.
The best out of you with no Rogers.
They're off.
Put that away.
The first race was slow to get going.
It'll be out for the early leave.
Caroline the trippers away well on the inside.
So you know, but as it isn't only the first race, they don't come.
And the outside is the baddest race.
And the one is scratched and they'll be getting close up to the pace.
Box of charms, tripping easy next.
Then comes Ruby lipstick.
Her greatness on the inside and put that away.
Is the trailer as they make their way into the fire turn and complete a quarter in 23 seconds flat.
It'll be on top by three quarters of a length.
Box of charms is second.
The band is loose third to the outside.
Tripping easy between those two is right there and running closely to the lead in fourth.
It's two lengths back to Carolina, tripper, Ruby lipstick on the outside.
And then comes tickle me tick followed by her greatness.
And put that away as they turn for homey Toby.
In front by a length and a half over box of charms.
To the outside, tripping easy.
Eight Toby by the eighth pole clear.
Tripping easy now takes second from box of charms.
Then Ruby lipstick on the outside.
But it's a Toby and Cornelio Velasquez on top as they come down to the finish.
He Toby by five in the end over tripping easy.
Ruby lipstick and box of charms.
Six, seven, four in the first of Gulfstream.
Okay, you got a bet.
Oh, yeah.
Here we go about what's changed.
Man in Florida is back since you asked.
It says I'm trying to finish up frying my meatballs for my sauce, but I'll try to explain.
Back in the day, at least when I first began listening, I believe you focused your sharp wit on W.
Well, what's the point of focusing my sharp wit on him now?
He's going four more days.
He's going to be gone.
Then when you either lost interest or were completely disgusted with Bush and company,
you turned on your listeners.
You turned on them.
You see how you are.
Wow.
Well, much of that criticism has been deserved.
You didn't give anyone a chance and went on and on.
Not about the losers who listen to the show.
Now, I never talked about losers who listen to the show.
I talked about losers who cranked and called the show.
Not who listen to the show.
In fact, over the years, I always make a real distinction between those people who listen
and are sane enough not to call and make stupid noises or send these kinds of emails.
BAM, BAM.
Beside the above, which took up a big part of the show, it seemed like he became dependent on outside material,
reading headlines, etc. and less and less material was self-generated.
Hey, Neil, not for nothing, but I really do want to start listening to your show again
and will continue to hope.
Love you, Frank D.
Forget about it, Frank.
The show is what it is.
I'm what I am.
This is the show.
I'm not changing it for you or for anybody else.
And did he tell me anything there?
Oh, let's talk about Bush for four hours.
What's the pern?
Yeah, exactly.
What's the point?
We had the election.
I talked about, I was the first one on the year to talk about Obama
and the fact that he was going to win and be the next president.
And that was a long time ago.
People laughed at me.
No chance.
And I sure did a show.
I have a lot of good, man.
October and November in the trends.
Killed us.
Killed us.
So what am I going to tell you?
Evidently, our people didn't give the diaries in those two months.
Or only right wingers got the diaries.
I don't know.
I don't hear anything there.
I mean, is that subject matter to talk about Bush for four hours every day?
And even when I was doing that, oh, it does this bush bash for four hours every day.
Bush bash.
Ron Bash.
Everyone used to bush bash.
Debar says you read an email that Mark Bush for singing kept us safe after 9-11.
The writer was correct to attack that, but people keep forgetting we were attacked again after 9-11.
The anthrax attacks were after 9-11.
Those were terrorist attacks, weren't they?
Yes, he didn't protect anybody from that either.
Yeah, but he was reading to those kids, those school kids in Sarasota.
Mary had a little lamb and yadi, yadi, yadi, and my pet goat.
I mean, what's the point?
Anybody with a half a brain at this point knows that he and Cheney are a couple of Nazis.
And this neocons was one of the worst con job in the history of the world.
And all these people died for an award based on nothing, based on nothing, 4200 dead Americans,
hundreds of thousands of dead Iraqis, not to mention the over 1,000 dead Palestinians right now in Gaza,
while a kind of lesa goes shopping for shoes.
You know, maybe we can get a Mel de Marcos to be the next secretary of state instead of a sworey.
We need somebody's got great expertise shopping for shoes.
Don't you think?
Yes.
452 votes on the poll.
I don't know.
We got an outside shot at 500.
It will be a real feather in our cat.
Clear channel plans lay off.
How do you like that?
All you nae sayers?
I got this five year contract for some fairly serious money here to sit here and do a male in the show.
And these people are giving me crap.
Oh, it used to be this.
It used to be good.
It used to be something.
You want to hear this about cheap channel?
They're going to the post for the third race in Tampa.
See, I don't want to get real horse racing intensive because of all the things that people want to hear on the show.
Hockey, horse racing and a homo talk.
Those are the three at the bottom.
Although it's great when you're out there, though.
You always tell me how everybody loves that when you're at costume.
Yeah.
Everybody there.
Everybody here.
And then you can, you know,
take that wireless mic.
Oh, yeah.
Go play the machines.
You didn't have too much luck on the machines when you were there.
Peter Loria writes in New York Post Clear Channel plans layoffs.
The new owners of radio giant Clear Channel communications will begin next week implementing massive restructuring plan that seeks to cut $400 million in cost of the company the post has learned.
According to three sources with knowledge of the plan, the restructuring will include layoffs across the company's radio, outdoor advertising and international division as well as cuts to programming budgets.
And consolidation of back orifice core operations.
I think Jimmy Cifalus is going to be one of the first casualties 90% pay cut Jimmy, especially after that three six or whatever the hell you had.
Even though we had just a little bit more than that, but nevertheless.
A precise head count for layoffs could not be obtained.
Clear Channel is about 30,000 employees worldwide.
The company is also likely to move toward a national programming model that would require less local level staffing, despite being criticized in the past for a similar action using centralized disjockeys.
They made it appears that they were broadcasting from local stations fake airzots.
That's cheap channel for you. Nice going Ken Charles. You're full of crap gold standard my ass.
Sources and initial round of layoffs is expected to commence next Tuesday, not coincidentally, the same day that Obama is going to be sworn in our office.
Clear Channel managers are hoping they can slip into layoffs while the press is preoccupied with an auguration day festivities.
While everybody is looking the other way, a cheap channel spokeswoman declined to comment.
Clear Channel was built through a series of acquisitions that generally weren't consolidated, a very well said one source,
alluding to the late 90s buying spree that put more than a thousand stations under the Clear Channel umbrella, making it the nation's largest and most obnoxious radio company.
They should only croak a wicked death.
To be sure, Bane Capital Partners and Thomas H. Lee Partners took a hard look at Clear Channel's expense base in the due diligence phase of their 17.9 billion dollar acquisition and identified hundreds of millions of dollars in cost that could be taken out of the company like Jimmy Cifalus's salary for doing that horseball morning show.
While they always planned to re-destruct the company, the sources said the sourd economy forced them to expedite the time frame for the cuts.
Cuts and more cuts, cold cuts, nothing about our plans have changed except for the speed and timing of them has said the source.
There's no doubt we're in a horrible advertising environment. We can't just sit there and take it.
The numbers bear out that argument. Radio ad spending fell almost 9% through the first three quarters of 2008.
The second worst performing category after newspapers are going to add spending tracker TNS media intelligence.
Air off.
Pinky pinky breaks for the day.
Pinky pinky. Do you ever see a kinky pinky?
Rob now moving to the top.
Oh my god.
TNS we bring his away with a top flight in the last verse away.
Ismanford Lane.
Fourth quarter ad spending numbers have yet to be tabulated but many are expecting a low to mid double digit decline.
In other words, the businesses as they say in Yugoslavia of tourists and I hated Yugoslavia.
Remember Jack lemon and mass appeal.
Yes, he says to Charles Durning and by the way, I hated Yugoslavia.
The amount side racing six the gap of two sheets of Hunter is now 75.
I think the pressure started to build now in that the second race of Gulfstream.
One is rats. It's only a five horse field. We only got to be four horses in there.
And I think the six is a piece of turd. So we'll see number five, clash of arms.
Here's one from Jimmy.
It says, can I get a.
Oh.
For circuit city finally going under once and for all.
Just over a year after they fired all their top sales people never to cut cause.
They're finally giving up and liquidated after months of bankruptcy.
It's not good for our economy but the 35,000 people losing their jobs today knew this was coming and should have planned accordingly.
I believe in carbon after giving executives golden parachutes while customers employees get golden showers.
It's good to see.
Oh, it's good to see some balance to the universe every now and then.
I know I'm not a discreetle circuit city employee.
I just call him like I see him. Survival of the fittest baby.
You and George have a great weekend. Take care. You too Jimmy.
Jimmy D. He's all right.
Okay, here we go. T.R. Here's a critique. Good. I asked for it.
I'm starting to get enough. T.R. Although I think he's kissing my ass.
I feel like a little tingle.
What was that name of that horse, Jing a pinky, a kinky pinky?
I don't know.
What if what if the name of the horse was stinky kinky pinky?
That would really be bad. At least we know where it would have been.
Correct them. Wow.
And of course that would make it kinky. I guess.
A stinky pinky.
Cute.
I haven't tell you about that kid Alan Haberbush that I was like in school with.
They always used to sit there and smell the back of his hand.
I don't know what that was all about.
Well, every day during class he would sit there.
Smell the back of his hand.
Do you understand that?
Maybe it smelled good.
Oh, I guess. Maybe he put something on.
Maybe it smelled bad and he was a massacre.
That another. Alan Haberbush.
T.R. says just wanted to give my two cents.
Your show is fantastic. I haven't stopped him.
We'll not stop listening.
You're doing a hell of a job considering you're doing it with both hands tied behind your back.
Oh, he gets it.
Sometimes I wish you take the microphone and show it up.
Joyce's Joyce dispenser.
That being said, I love the mad dog, but the levy show is actually pretty good.
La Bastard.
It's the kind of show that would sync up well with you only when levy is on.
It's not about sports. It's funny and it's dynamic.
Within side jokes that only the audience gets.
Yeah, La Bastard's all a god.
Between your show and levy, I get some good entertainment.
Maybe they'll wise up and the someday and let George do the two to four show.
Then my radio day would be great at work.
I enjoy what you do when you're faithful to my needle god.
T.R. Thanks to your excellent.
The job.
New.
Yeah.
Hey, Chris Matthews played hot bar for 2009.
I'll tell you what I got fat over the break.
I ate so much turkey when the doctor put his hand up my color to do my exam.
He pulled out stuffing.
I'm serious.
It was actual bread crumbs and chopped onion.
Not that you care, but it's going to be a tough year for yours truly.
I can't bitch.
Mone wine.
You can play anymore because my guys in the White House.
Maybe it's time for me to go after another group of people.
I get a hobby.
I've always wanted a hobby.
Maybe I'll learn to play the trumpet on the sofa phone.
Stop.
I lost my mind for a minute.
Nobody called places.
Soap the phone.
It's impossible to look cool while you had that big donut around your head.
Why don't they always make the fat kid play the sofa phone?
Anyway, let's get ready to play hot bar.
My first guest with 2019 is the president of the United States.
I should say outgoing George Bush.
How are you?
You have a crazy laugh.
Anybody ever tell you that?
You make me nervous.
Why are you looking at my zipper?
Does it bother you having a last name?
Bush.
Does it answer the question?
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Time's up.
Don't answer that question.
My next guest on hot bar first episode.
2009.
Don't have another guest.
Realize people don't like me anymore.
Won't come out of program.
I've got to talk to nine issue people like Congressmen from Maine.
What the hell?
Get 2009.
Makes me the news anchor.
Most likely to play the sofa.
Up on back for another year on MSNBC.
Happy new year.
Those are great.
It's better what that one.
Kretschen.
Don't you love the.
I like it.
Chris Matthews.
I love them.
On Thursdays for you at QAM.
We'll be doing the next break a little bit early just to learn you because we got the race.
11 minutes to post time.
So we're looking at about 144.
We'll be all right.
Mark.
Mark Heine, who's always a caustic and hateful and a psychotic.
I thought I blocked him.
Maybe I did.
Mark Heine, please stop your ice cream.
Snobbery.
Ice cream is ice cream.
There's no difference in the many kinds.
So please stop acting like there's some complicated science behind it.
No difference in the many brands.
He says it's all milk sugar and some kind of flavoring.
You're out of touch with a common man.
I guarantee if you were blindfolded you couldn't tell if you were eating Ben and Jerry's or E.D.s.
Beloni or Beloni.
And E.D.s is a great brand.
Guess what?
E.D.s sucks.
Maybe you don't like them because they cost half the price of Ben and Jerry's and they give you three times as much ice cream.
So stop your ice cream.
You may leave his them already.
No, I will not.
Here's a.
This is Mark with the instructions.
Life instructions.
Spurlonged.
Ronnie.
Everybody focusing in on number five.
Clash of arms.
That's what I've been.
Even money.
Even money.
Helping out down here in South Florida with the string.
That's Marylander bringing some bullets to the table.
Yeah, this one is a pretty interesting story to five clash of arms.
Show us back to back bullet workouts.
You see the one at the Gulf Stream on January 3rd.
47 flat.
Bullet.
Also work 47 flat back on December 17th.
Bullet.
Denny comes for a good preparation for his first thought since he duel.
He's faded to finish third behind a pair of next out winners in that race.
And the winner top seed came back and won the $65,000 inaugural up that Tampa Bay.
So keeping company with some pretty nice horses.
Taking all.
And up to 65.
So that's about 420 thereabouts.
But so I guess Vanessa if we win we're not going to win a whole lot.
But you know winning 50 60 bucks wouldn't be bad wouldn't it?
Right.
Now let me ask you this.
Go ahead.
Does she get the 50 bucks plus another?
No, no, no, no.
What?
No, I don't think so.
What do you mean?
I'm just talking about my ass here.
You know what you're talking about.
But I don't presume so.
Well, of course she does.
Bet.
It's like what you get when you put 50 bucks down.
If you put 50 bucks down.
Yeah.
And let's say the horse is two to one.
Yes.
You pay six bucks.
Okay.
Yeah.
You get two to one plus your two dollars back.
So she'd get she'd get her $50 back plus whatever then that's the way it works.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
I go wrong.
I go to the window and I buy a ticket for $50.
Right.
Now I don't have $50.
I have a ticket.
The horse wins.
I go back to the window.
I cash my ticket.
Correct.
Yeah.
I get some money back.
Right.
She gets that.
Exactly.
And that's going to include the $50.
There you go then.
How can you not get the $50 back if yours won?
I mean, you're just talking about.
Yeah.
Whatever you say.
I thought I taught you a little bit something about housing.
In other words, if the horse is even money, which maybe it'll go off of that, and it pays
in exactly $4.
Right.
You get $50 back plus another $50 because it's even money.
You get to have it however you want to slice it.
$75.
So it's like about $4.
$80.
$46.
Take all the heavy money to the five class of arms.
Of course, that doesn't mean it's going to win.
You know what I'm saying?
Here comes the money and there goes your money.
And stop being such a nice game, snob.
Yeah.
No, I will not.
I think we got a real good shot at that $500 on the pull for Fatt Chris, Tubby Chris, even though we just want to post those bedtime stories on the website.
Lazy.
$471 on the pull.
We need 29 votes in 24 minutes.
We can do it.
There's the six my daddy will post for eight now.
Even it's to post time.
Or a straight capisella would say it is now post time.
Remember Fred Kepisella?
No, we broke before you were born.
Number one is scratch.
Serious is out.
Two is eight to five.
I'm at Wayne.
Second choice.
Five is three to two.
That's five bucks.
And the six is getting played now.
Oh, my daddy.
Seven to two.
I hate that horse.
So there's three horses.
Only five horses in there and three haven't getting bet pretty good.
The two of the five.
And now the two is the favorite.
Seven to five.
Uh oh.
Uh oh.
And we're eight to five.
That's good.
Keep the price going up because you know, the more goes up, the more money she's going to win.
Vanessa.
Did you see Vanessa's picture?
Did she send a picture or something?
If she did, I didn't see it.
Well, Josh Gord is probably a took it home.
Not a bad system.
And that's probably why Vanessa got picked.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
You know, his email, Roger.
It's four to eight, you're five sixty Q.A.M.
It's Friday, you bastard.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
Oh, oh, oh.
Your patient lies.
Because you never fall in.
And you're holding your soul.
Well, my mind's about a war.
That ain't no war.
It's a wrong location.
The only babies in high-foyed fries.
They're supposed to be the right.
They're meant to be.
Five, you don't think out of that.
And we're not alive.
We're Christians soldiers from high.
Oh, that's a pain in life.
That's the need of the way of life.
That's a pain in life.
You think that you're crying.
That you're crying in your life.
That's a pain in life.
That you're crying in your life.
That you're crying in your life.
That you're crying in your life.
That you're crying in your life.
One forty three seventeen go two.
Good timing, Neil, because it's like one minute to post a gallstone for the second race.
Good luck, Vanessa.
Good luck to me too.
Here we go.
The anthocase.
I'm at Wayne.
Is it even money?
Oh, I'm at Wayne.
The two got bettown of the favorite even money.
It's the combo the next one.
At least the class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
The class can get the title.
Jimmy Dorsky says,
Jimmy Dorsky says,
Jimmy Dorsky says,
Jimmy Dorsky says,
Jimmy Dorsky says,
Jimmy Dorsky says,
Jimmy Dorsky says,
Jimmy Dorsky says,
Jimmy Dorsky says,
Jimmy Dorsky says,
Jimmy Dorsky says,
Erta Anya has no taste
utsky puts all exams in the
handcuffs.
Either coin or bond.
Otherwise it is a choice.
I don is not the likelihood of
Do I answer the answer.
You do not shall make it a little inter cultured.
Let me pick up Sangeon's theme,
warriors' point is,
who lay the stance of happiness
on mistake.
I'm blind. It's all you. What do you mean by that? I got no monitor that you have.
It looked like the fire. He pulled away in the mid-stretch and looked like he was going
to win easy and that four came flying at the SM. Is there a way to see these kinds of things online?
No. Well, I don't know. I go to a Gulfstream.com. I'm going there. Google it.
I mean, some tracks, you know, they stream online and you can watch the races line.
I could watch the Gulfstream. Oh, no. Gulfstream. Race one. What are the six? Well, we don't care about race one.
That's official. I'm sure the five won. I just, I don't want to get Vanessa nervous.
I also don't want to give her false security. We want to see it official.
Okay. Good ride by John Velasquez. Nice going, John, baby. He's good.
Remember George Velasquez is daddy. No. Hundred years ago. He rode the Aladar against Stevie Coffin and a firm.
Those were, that was a great year. Boy, what a triple crown that was. A firm and Aladar.
There's the first race result from the fairgrounds. Any interest? No.
I'll look at this express bet anytime. I can play from right here. Yeah, there you go.
I could be playing on the TV here on HVI. If I sign up for an account and I be broken about two weeks.
I watch the races. I enjoy them. There's no stress. There's no pressure. I make a mental pick.
When I watch the races from the middlelands, I always root for Brian Sirius. Good for a lot of Dale Boyd. Best in the world.
When I watch the races from Windsor, I root for Brad Kramer. My favorite driver of all time.
Next to Francis O'Hare. Old and ugly. Oh, geez. We don't believe that. Well, it's true.
Let's see the official come up there from a Gulf Stream for the second race. Boy. See, this is something that our mavens, they should have somebody out there.
You know what I'm saying? Somebody might be one of our people ought to be out there. Steve might be for all we know. Yeah.
Is he calling? No, he texted me earlier. He did. Yeah. And it was out at Gulf Stream. He didn't say where he was.
Oh, well, if he is, he ought to send you a text message and say it's official. The result is five four and Vanessa one. Nice going Neil or.
Well, I'll tell you the four was coming like a freight train and you keep thinking yourself. Come on with that wire already.
Where is the, you know, and that crap in the shadow of the wire. Yeah, shadow my ass. I hate that. They just keep showing the first race result from Gulf Stream.
The four of the six. Fakillary Kings is where they're going to stick and need a mark. Let me tell you Larry. That's where they can stick her.
Is if I would know as if they would tell us anything. Do they tell us anything like when George getting that car they need so badly.
So freaking.
Here's one that says, Oh, here we go. Here's a critique I asked and I got.
As a very long time list, or I can tell you your age was lost when you went to do your show from Toronto. Not immediately, of course, but gradually.
This was most evident when you came back periodically to do your show from the studio. The show contrasted sharply with your Toronto shows.
The audience loved to hear about your adventures in the WQM bathrooms interaction with radio stations staff in the hallway driving down 441, etc. Tracks, stories and Panther games, local restaurants, etc.
Oh, well. So the fact that I come down every couple of months for a few days and I have my adventures down there and talk about them. That's not enough. I have no. That's right. It's more than enough for me. Believe you me. It's more than enough.
Now we do in four minutes and last break or we're going to have another five of those stunt breaks like we had on Monday and Tuesday as far as I can see it's four minutes.
Thank God. Thank the Lord. I'm still waiting for the off you park. There's the result of something third race. The turd.
Boy, they sure take a long time on here to show you the damn result. And evidently, nobody is texting you. Nobody is out there from our people.
Yeah. Damn it. I'm saying five four. Okay. Well, the announcer called he called the five to and I mean the camera angle is it's on an angle.
So it's you're not exactly right on a wire at Gulf Stream. The five was on the inside and a four didn't get there. That's what I'm saying.
And these people are thinking, well, who the hell cares. We've never any money out. Well, Vanessa did and she wants to get her official. Is it? Yes. There it is. Five dollars and 30 cents to win. That's pretty weak. Five 30 times 50 15 to 16332 50 for Vanessa better to poke the out with a sharp stick. Nice going. Neil. How do you like that?
120 130. One of those and one of those and maybe Vanessa will take you out for some Ben and Jerry's ice cream. So take it to the hard rock. They got a Ben and Jerry's shop right there.
Although we shouldn't be mentioning that when I were pointing Gulf Stream. Well, that's all right. They got a sense of humor. And then you go back to Gulf Stream and punch your guts out. That was an excellent choice by me. The good thing I went off that one who got scratched.
So congratulations to Vanessa and the nice job.
Thank you.
