The music expressed on the previous programs are those I want to say
Yes, and you know
I know that will go
I can see a little bit today
I think it's the best
Listening to sports radio 560 WQ AM
Miami for the other day
Goddess is coming back. I wonder if I.O.D. is gonna carry her
They carry all that other premier radio a right wing craft to channel
That's right
He's coming back to WQ AM
Presented the Neil Roger show to talk to Neil dial 5 670 560 in date and brow
In other counties called cold free 877 785 Neil or pound 560 under AT&T and Verizon wireless phones
The opinions expressed by Neil his guests or his collars do not represent those of WQ a management staff or sponsors
Now the Neil Roger show on 560 WQ AM
Friday you first do we do not torture
We do not torture
We do not torture
We do not torture
We do not torture
We do not
We do not torture
We do not
We do not torture
We
Do not torture torture torture and want to do not torture
we do not torture
We do not torture torture, do not torture.
Oh, yes, yes.
We do not torture torture torture torture.
Do not torture, do not torture.
Oh, yes.
We do not torture.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Well, 1002 at 560 WQM, I don't sound too good.
Do I?
Here's George.
Hey, how you doing, everybody?
Do I sound not too good?
You sound adequate.
Oh, adequate.
My Monday, I think I'll be fine.
This has been a bad bout of the flu.
This isn't just a cold.
This is the flu.
You.
Okay.
So, you know, and of course, when you can't talk, you can't be on the air.
I got an amusing email from the fake Johnny from Oklahoma.
All the fakers all the time.
Keep those emails coming, but we need a lot of material today.
I'm planning on mailing it in and playing the rack.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
I'm going to be on the air.
Can you put it on there?
No.
Oh.
See, the difference between the cold and the flu, one of the big differences, is the flu saps your energy.
You have no strength.
Yeah.
So either I got the flu or...
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
According to an announcement by John Scott of San Francisco's KKGM,
she'll be syndicated by Premier Radio Networks,
as reported in the videotape announcement,
just posted on the Green 960 website.
In fact, there's an official Premier announcement,
says she'll begin broadcasting again on May 11th at a Washington, D.C.
How do you like that?
The goddess is going to be in Washington.
All right.
You like it?
I wish you're all the best.
I really do.
I mean, you know, she was a wannabe,
but I wish you're all the best.
She got a good agent,
and every time she gets blown off somewhere,
she lands on her feet again.
Premier Radio Network adds the Randy Road Chota
with Sline Up of Nationally Syndicated Chos beginning May 11th.
The Shelby Broadcast line from Washington, D.C.,
early affiliates include KTLKLA,
KKGM San Francisco, and KPOJ Portland, Oregon.
Road said right now,
America needs a voice that reflects its hopes and concerns.
It'll be my privilege and pleasure to provide vital information
to the public about everything that's possible in the 21st century,
also have a few laughs along the way.
Premier is an incredible family of radio pros,
and it's truly the most talented and experienced radio syndicator
in the nation.
He's got a good agent.
She says it's truly a dream come true.
She also said,
Where are we?
That.
How do you like that?
All right.
So the goddess will be returning.
Again, I don't know what the deal is with IOD if she's going to be on there.
Or not.
And of course, somebody out there may know or may not.
One of our radio spies.
Maybe the mole knows.
If I can make it for four hours today, I'm a genius.
You can do it.
I don't think so.
Here's George.
Hey.
No, I'm a serial.
I just, you know, I'm between the point where you have like almost no voice,
like yesterday.
And the full voice coming back like by Monday, I think.
Yeah.
Maybe maybe by tomorrow.
Oh, great.
You can do the show tomorrow.
No, it's the Mars, the draft.
Oh, yeah.
In fact, I just had a great idea since they're doing all this draft for play today.
Why not start at 10 30?
No, you think?
Sounds great.
Oh, here's one.
How but those ranges?
Hey, screw the ranges.
Screw the ranges.
Oh, after alert issued after a serious mystery, I'm an effects Canadians returning from
Mexico.
The only problem with that is that I haven't been to Mexico.
It says it recalls the frightening SARS days in Toronto.
The public health agency of Canada is looking into a growing number of reports about Canadians
returning from the South and Central parts of the country with a severe respiratory illness.
Seams to primarily affect young adults who were on their trips healthy but failed to return
in the same condition.
Of course, there are a lot of people these days go to Mexico and don't return in any condition
except in a box.
Kelly says glad to see you're still spreading death bloodshed and murder on the highway.
Keep up the great work listening online.
It says Kelly.
Thank you, Kelly.
Listen to her since 19293.
It says.
And the freak there, Accenterson says, Neil, for my wrath as family, why?
You failed to listen to list in laws.
When you do, I'll check it for a hoot doing it now.
Go to I hate my in laws.com for some real good stories.
Glad you're back, Georgia's terminal.
Go caps.
Oh, yeah, the crap is they're really doing it.
Talk about rolling over and playing dead.
Here's one from the fake Michael Filps.
I actually sat through Georgia's whole show yesterday.
He was pretty good.
Usually he talks way too fast and panicked and I turn off the streamer.
Yesterday, he was different.
Also there was a functioning human being, there were functioning human beings calling it.
However, Prozac Ron started calling in and torturing George non-stop once he found
our calls were being taken.
My message to Prozac Ron, leave Georgia alone, leave him alone.
Well the only reason we have that stuff going on is because our management doesn't give
a crap.
That's why.
It's Friday, you bastard.
What's up, I don't know.
Yeah, you know what I mean.
Lane brings to mind the police.
We've gone heads to the right.
And got no cause to give a fuck.
But you know that we're nice.
Because we're A-I-G.
We don't give a crap.
A-I-G.
Everyone give it back.
A-I-G.
Hey it's fun and time.
A-I-G.
Gotta be a crime.
A-I-G.
Okay, 10 a.m.
How about some draft talk?
What do you say?
All right, you start.
We got the big O at the Miami Prime at two and then four to seven.
We got Mad Dog, Joe Rose and Bo in Miami Prime.
Seven and 11.
We got U-M Virginia Tech Baseball.
I don't get a big audience followed by the Greg Lacken show.
How come they didn't blow his ass out?
They're firing everybody else?
I don't know.
Maybe he's got the pictures.
Maybe he knows the...
The thing with Jesse Agner.
That's just criminal.
Criminal.
Yeah.
He's a broadcaster.
He's got a good voice.
He knows what he's talking about.
He belongs on the year.
He sounds like a real pro.
And he's a good guy.
You told me.
I think you just explained why he's not here anymore.
You're fired.
And he's Jewish.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Well, I guess we're not going to get any spy reports on the Randy on IOD thing.
Are we?
Not today.
Not today, though.
I don't think so.
In fact, there's nothing on there at all.
Nothing coming in.
Here I've been sick as a dog at my deathbed with horrible flu.
Horrible flu.
And the South Florida warm.
Thank God it's warm up here today, finally.
Thank the Lord.
Thank you.
God.
You betcha.
And what do I get?
In fact, it's already up to the nine.
It's going to be 20 today and 27 tomorrow.
You know what that is?
70.
What is it?
81.
Let me check my...
80.
20.
27.
Yeah.
Like 81.
81.
How do you like that?
The warmth is for the warmth of the sun.
But the cold from the South Florida audience in the first email,
oh, take more time off.
Well, guess what?
BAM.
BAM.
Three big fat raspberries.
You jack...
You ass clown.
Jack ball.
Oh, here we go.
Here's something about ass clown.
Neil, good morning.
Hope you're feeling better.
I don't know this Todd Smith, but back around the year 2000.
So a wrestler named Chris Jericho was calling everyone an ass clown.
I don't know if he invented the term, but he's the first person I ever heard use the term.
I wonder if he ever met Joe Bell in that year.
That may be where he picked it up, ass clown.
Tell George I'm going by my local bar and tried Guinness 250.
The owner of the establishment said they'll be serving it and the Guinness 250 too.
Always try to do my part by helping out.
Blacky.
Blacky is becoming a regular and he's okay.
He sent some good crap, you know.
All right.
What?
I said all right.
Oh, here you go.
Oh, yeah.
From DeRone Granovsky.
The best part of the deal is we've got the names of the two idiots, ass clowns.
DeRone and Prozac Ron.
And this company still won't do anything about it.
That's the best part of it.
It's like they want us to fail.
And you know what?
Oh, yeah.
By the way, the book is coming out next Thursday.
Mm-hmm.
The dolls have 65 points.
I'm printing out this thing from your good friend DeRone who called four million times yesterday.
Do you tell me?
Yes.
There it is.
DeRoneal, sorry to hear you've been sick.
George has been boring talking about the same old stuff.
We didn't have fun calling him.
George seems tense.
Seems like he needs to get some.
Why don't you take some calls?
You know, we bring ratings and your audience loves us.
Take a poll and find out.
We look forward to the next four and a half years of calling your friends to the end.
Prozac Ron and Jamba.
Jamba?
Two morons.
Two siblings.
Two morons.
Who hijacked the phones on this show?
And the management of this radio station says, Buh, Buh.
Let's have another meeting.
Buh, you know.
This current regime at this radio station is the most in a bunch of dunderheads I've ever encountered.
Not just work for, I've ever heard of in my life.
They make even Gerald Ford seem like a frickin' genius.
That's how dumb they are.
And of course, my erstwhile attorney, Norma Kent, he just wants money.
For service is not rendered.
Whoever heard of such a thing, you just, like I'm just expected to keep subsidizing them every year,
even if he doesn't do a damn thing.
Yeah.
He is the most lullily-livered weak-need fag I have just just unbelievable.
I mean, he's done some good things for me over the years up until recently.
Up until the jelly joebell and Joyce regime took over.
They have rendered him impotent.
They've rendered the station like basically off the air.
Off the air, it's like we've vanished from the airwaves.
So like I said, that book comes out next Thursday.
Boy, whoa, strap yourself in.
And if you think we need to strap ourselves in, cross the street.
I looked at their website this morning to see if there's any news on their morning show,
which they still don't have on.
And there's a big banner that unflaps on air on their website.
790, New Morning Show, coming soon, stay tuned.
New Morning Show, coming soon, stay tuned.
And where's the mole and the other spies with the fakeberry jackass?
Where's the reports on that?
Coming soon, like Christmas, like Hanukkah.
Yeah.
Like Sukhas.
That was up almost 64 points.
And all this talk about torture, I guess everybody forgot that we entered a war on false pretence.
And there's 4,000 plus dead Americans and hundreds of thousands of dead Iraqis.
That's not worth having a big investigation about.
And putting some people on death row.
But the torture thing is the hysteria topic do you or so?
Everybody's into the whole, you know.
And Keith Oberman says he'll get out his checkbook because Hannity says he'll undergo waterboarding for a thousand dollars a minute or something like that.
Wow, really?
Yeah.
In fact, Oberman says a thousand bucks a minute and George says he'll match it.
Yeah.
He'll write a check.
He'll be in a good, but he'll write it.
Oh no, no.
I'll undergo waterboarding for a thousand dollars a minute.
And today's economy.
Yeah.
I can't be passing up any so that you mentioned on the air that your wife got a job or is that for not on the air?
No, I mentioned that.
It's a temporary thing.
I didn't know what a newsworthy thing.
What do you mean temporary?
Like for a week?
Who knows?
Well, you ought to be jumping for joy.
There you go.
Now you can go out and buy you a nice car.
Maybe.
Oh, Dana says welcome back.
Now I know why you have an exceedingly low opinion of the other radio personalities.
When I pull up the show, the streamer has Joe Rose or some of the sports windbag.
Have George do one of those intros.
It would be much easier to deal with.
Hope you're well now.
Have a great weekend, Dana Hall.
Well, what does that mean?
Do you understand what that said?
Nope.
I don't have any idea what that means.
But thanks, Dana.
At least Dana cares enough to send his or its very best.
That's Dana with a he.
Like, Vic Dana.
I want some red roses.
Don't play that again, please.
I won't.
Paul says glad you're feeling better.
Where to the saying he or she never stole a freight train come from.
What does it mean?
I mean, I don't know the jet thing.
I don't know.
It's sarcastic, Paul.
Like the Pope.
He's not such a bad guy.
He never stole a freight train.
I think all of them should be on your pull.
And please play the drop by Don Corleone.
You can act like a man.
I just played it.
Hope you're 100% on Monday.
So do I.
Thank you, Paul.
We have to explain where that expression is.
Well, what it means.
Yeah, please.
You never stole a freight train.
And that's like Joe Bell.
Not much else we can say good about him, but he never stole a freight train that we know of.
Oh, me.
Yeah.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death,
the one thing you have to defend on is your car.
With Choukhanou's F.Don's arise,
the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Kar alarm.
Now bring you an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my portable bill.
You beg and the F.
Remember when we used to post a packet caravan?
Yeah.
Can't we all to get a fun to finish, baby?
Dwight was a cooler.
Get away from my portable bill.
You beg and the F.
What the hell is that?
I object seriously.
I'm just a fan of these lights.
I think somebody's got it.
Get away from my portable bill.
You beg and the F.
Get away from my portable bill.
You beg and the F.
Whenever some bastard tries to steal my car,
I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my portable bill.
You beg and the F.
Get your old Jewish guy named Eisen Kar alarm now.
And receive a free flower antenna.
Get away, get away, get away from my portable bill.
You beg and the F.
And hold Jewish guy named Eisen Kar alarm.
Now we'll be able to blow it all up.
There's toys.
Oh boy, so the fake time jikert tells me
that Randy's coming back on three markets
on the May 11th of premiere.
It should probably play a new sounder.
Yeah.
I always love that when I start to show what somebody sends me
a breathless email.
Oh, guess what?
Randy's coming back on the premiere.
Been there, done at markets up 68 points to Dow.
Let's see, here's a dictionary definition of ass clown.
One who through the fault of his parents conception
is a skidmark in society's collective underwear.
For example, fat pat is an ass clown.
Two, one who's stupidity and or ineptitude
exceeds the descriptive potential of both terms, ass and clown
in isolation.
And in doing so, it demands to be referred to as the conjugate
of the two.
Two, a male who engages in homosexual behavior, ass clown.
See, butthole surfer.
And three, a person who by ignorance
or stupidity takes up unnecessary amounts of your time.
This loser calling my tech support online
is a real ass clown.
So there you go.
Got all kinds of crap there.
Yeah, Dane, okay, we got it.
Relax.
Hearing that George Sedona will start mornings on Monday
says the fake Tom Jicca.
Jesse Agler and Adam Cooperstein mid days.
Woo!
Wouldn't that be something of Jesse go over there
and kicks our ass?
That a boy Jesse, you go.
I'm all form.
Yep.
I mean, if all the people that they blew out of here, him.
Yeah.
I mean, try and figure out who belongs on here
and who doesn't.
And even even a child could tell you,
well, he sounds really good on the video.
You know, I spotted the pattern a long time ago.
I know you did do.
But if they sound like a retarded sports nerds,
oh, hey, we can't get enough of them.
Like George Sedona, what's your name?
Oh, Chuck the Miami.
Right, and like Mark says, okay, that's enough.
Oh, I'm getting a headache from just being back
and doing the show.
Remember, Byron Pegg and mustard the Wonder Dog
and Meridian Idaho?
Yes.
They're back.
Hey, Neil, glad you're back.
He said $1,000 a second.
Hannity should be what reported 183 times
and ask if it's nothing.
I see.
Well, whatever that means.
Do you understand what that means?
Nope.
I don't either.
Sean Hannity or another ass clown.
All these red women's aid, they finally found something, man.
Cheney opened up a stupid big mouth
and right away they're all periding the same crap.
Including his bull-dike daughter, by the way.
Oh, he's got one.
Isn't his daughter a dyke?
I don't know.
Never met him.
Yes.
What do you mean you don't know?
Hannities?
No, Dick Cheney.
Oh, that guy.
Oh, yeah.
North, and Darth Vader.
Yes, he is.
Frankie says whenever you go to NeilRiders.com,
open up the streaming.
Joe Rose sometimes comes on on a video
right before the show starts.
He's usually sitting in the studio
and selling insurance or something.
Maybe we can get George a spot
so we can get himself a Toyota Prius.
That would be good.
I'd like to see you have a Toyota Prius.
Yeah, me too.
I would like to see that.
They're not going to get you no car.
I know that.
I mean, you think somebody that's trying to stab you
in the back and get you fired?
Is going to get you a car?
No.
Meaning, Joe Bell?
No.
He wouldn't give you a ride in his car.
I'm going to get you a car.
Right?
Lying sack of garbage.
He is, I'll tell you.
To simplify it, he is walking duty.
He's duty on two legs.
Walt says, do expo there?
Everybody's got something for the port.
Put on in-laws and expouses.
Okay.
I don't want to put on all of them.
We have to go to a different in-laws.
Mother in law, sister in law, father in law.
But you know, although we do have that one good bet.
Father in law?
Oh, yeah.
Father in law.
Would you get off my butt?
Yeah.
We got that.
Father in law is on his butt.
And it sounds like they're having a good time.
So there you go.
Add those to the pool.
Did I even read this pool?
I don't think so.
No.
What do you mean you don't know?
The down is up 87.
Off to a good start for a Friday.
How about that draft?
Oh, yeah.
I think that's what I got so sick for my draft allergies.
My body knew that April of 25th was coming.
NFL draft day.
And that these people would be going absolutely ape-shmit.
Oh, it's the draft.
It's so much more important than all those other, you know.
I'll be honest with him.
I'm not going to be watching the draft.
I'm not going to be watching the Yankee Red Sox game.
I will certainly not be paying any attention to the Phillies Marlins game.
Marlins.
Oh, would you be?
Excuse me.
What?
Yeah.
Exactly.
So there you go.
That's the big controversy.
Oh, well, which is more important.
And by the way, I got an article from the hero here.
Fan apathy.
Still a problem for the four of Marlins.
They went almost every day and gained.
They did get swept by the pirates.
But nevertheless, they're off to a phenomenal start.
And nobody cares.
It's been this way forever since day one.
Nobody cares.
But let's build them a stadium with public money.
Let's rape the public.
The family member, I least want to see again,
or have anything to do with it in another life is 103 votes.
Cousin 18, a pet 13.
Oh, come on.
You want to see a little tiny?
Hey, tiny.
How you doing, baby?
Tiny.
Now, when my golden retriever was a much sweeter, nicer dog,
because golden retrievers are the best.
Yep.
But tiny had more personality, you know what I mean?
He was spunky.
Oh, here's annoying.
Aggravating.
Sweet, but aggravating.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
A pet 13, father 12.
That's what I voted.
Heartless, rotten son of a bitch.
Oh, how can you say that about your father?
Because it's true.
Uncle 11, sister 9, brother 9, spouse 7, mother 7.
I bet you George voted for mother.
Yes, I did.
Bastard.
How could anybody hate their mother?
I don't hate her.
What word would you use?
I advise.
No, no, no.
She's a bad person.
See, hate is like an active thing.
Like, ah, hate her.
She's a bad person.
I'm ambivalent about her.
I would like to avoid her.
I would like her to avoid me and my family.
And anybody I know and anybody that I like, she's a bad person.
Mother 7 and 6 are as it aunt.
People let's say aunt just make me nauseous.
Make me change an idiot who say aunt.
Step mother 5, step sister 3.
Oh, I thought we weren't going to do all the different ones.
I didn't.
Oh, that's in laws.
Grandparent 3 step father 2.
In laws 1, ex spouse none.
All of our just says x's.
Right, ex whatever step brother none.
Well, this is getting really complicated.
You know what?
Oh, here's a link.
Here's a link.
Thank you, Kurt, but I don't do links. They stinks.
Mark says I'm so glad you don't take calls any longer. I left almost a year ago because of the crank calls
I'm back because you kicked them to the curb
I'm listening on my iPhone. Thanks George for the info on the Wonder app says Mark you're welcome
Oh
I'll get to these other ones momentarily. I got to take it real easy. I don't want to have a relapse on Monday good
Oh
Man and this this flu when you have a cold it does knock you out, right?
Depends on how bad it is, but no you probably it's a bad one flu is way worse lots of chunks and lots of flim and oh
And I go to bed feeling you know not too bad and go to bed real early get a lot of sleep
You know hopes to wake up with a full voice and not you know and then during the course of the night the flim starts kicking in
You know yep and I can't breathe real good and I start cranking out the dris day in and
Big nasty chunks
And you put your finger over one nostril. Oh, oh geez look at that. That was running. Wow. Maybe that's a good sign
Yeah, you think I think it is oh
Run with it and like I said
You blow a big chunk and then you have no idea where it wound up
Tell about an hour later. Oh there it is
Oh, look what I just pulled out of my left nostril a bogey. Yeah, a bloody bogey
Purple well, don't chew it
Chew it unless you want her. I'm waiting for lunch
There he goes eating on the air again. How can we know and hear from that idiot again? That's your buddy John's ETR
Probably what's his name again? I don't know. Yeah, you do come on you better pay a lot more attention to you
Well, no not morning to chew
Yeah, I got one from that idiot to I just delete it right away just like Phil Ark
Bench me go that's why I was looking for oh go away Phil you're boring. Oh
You're gonna do the thing from Carter with races. No
I really love sharing matching with you. You're a half-wit failure idiot. Just go away
You
From NGM the fairly brothers comes the long awaited three stooches movie starring Sean Penn as Larry
My name is Larry fine, and I'm hit every creature
Jim Karen as the lovable curly
Oh
Benicio del Toro as Mo
Three stooches coming to a theater near you waited are for really you cast Benicio del Toro as Mo
You know
420 11 I think my voice is coming back a little bit. Do I sound better a little bit?
I don't feel better about I sound better. No, I do feel a little bit. Keep rick and hot stuff. I'm not I'm drinking
Oh, you'll be really upset died Dr. Pepper
Well, I'm not gonna be upset better you than me. I
Don't know why you haven't got Dr. Pecker. It tastes awful. No, it does not okay more for you then
That was up almost hundred point. Let's have a party in our pants for the down in the NFL draft
Here's fake Johnny from Oklahoma
He says it's time to come clean
Hi Neil it's time to come clean
I know George said you missed the past couple of days because you've been sick, but I'm not buying it
I've never heard of you missing a day because of a simple cold much less two days
It's not a simple cold ass clown
It's a nasty flu and when you can't talk you can't do a talk show schmuck
In the past you've toughed it out under much worse conditions
The last thing we need from you was that you had to get the last thing we heard from you was that you had to get something
Notarized in the middle of a show with that need to be notarized. So what was it? What would
Carol not backup what would need to be notarized so urgently the only thing I could come up with was a will and testament
Oh, yeah
If something is wrong don't try to protect us from the truth
I'm serious and don't ever underestimate the support and skills that you can derive from your faithful audience
Hope you feel better Johnny fake Johnny from Oklahoma
Who writes all these religious you know about come clean and with the Lord and all this other crap
Yeah, it's I went to change my will
Not
Isn't it interesting how these people love to fish around you?
They're always prodding and fishing and not gonna get it now your business where I went or what it was all about it is just a
Thing
You know every now and then you need to get a signature notarized and it's come to some kind of a form whatever it is and then that was it
schmuck
Fake Johnny from Oklahoma and
Speaking of fakes here's another fake. I mean, yeah, I know it's unusual you get fakes in the emails
Isn't it oh, yeah
Krista Goldbard
Now does the name gold barred ring a bell. No, you don't remember Gary Goldbard. Oh, yeah in New Orleans. Oh, he's always whining about this
Always whining about the stream and about the our cut. Oh my god
Just a chronic ass clown
Hi, my name is Krista Goldbard. I'm 12 years old from New Orleans
You might have heard of my dad Gary Goldbard. You might have heard him
He listens to your show all the time and sometimes when he sends you emails
You read them on the ear and make rude remarks about him
That's because your dad is an ass clown and of course this is from daddy
Who knows that I blocked him so we come up with a daughter's name right?
I don't appreciate it
I'm just telling you to back off the Gary and Heather Goldbard jokes
Please those are my parents and when you make fun of them I get pretty angry
I love your show and all but don't mock my parents sincerely Krista Goldbard
12 years old in New Orleans
They have this amazing thing called school since it's like the last week in April
It would seem to be the probably most kids 12 years old are in school if these hours. What do you think? Yeah?
And this was sent at 11.36 pm last night
You know if any 12 year olds that are allowed to be up at almost midnight. Yep, you do yeah
Other peoples not yours. No
Shameless Krista and as far as your father is concerned
Triple Berry for the ferry wow
Kurt says curtain gainsville I
Think the origin of the truly great phrase ass clown relates to the classic film office space
They talk about Michael Bolton what an ass clown he is it sounds like a movie you should check out that describes a boring
bureaucratic workplace to a tee I think it really like Melvin
He burns the joint down retires to Mexico so we can picture about the next messed up Pina colada. Hey wait a row of the movie and
Rick says
That was a name for points. How about if I just whisper?
I'm gonna be a good idea. It's not good for you to whisper
I'm always that it's worse than talking out loud. Is it really this is what they say?
Well, who's they? Is it the day my mother was always talking about what you know what they say? Yeah, that's right
She was an expert on everything and when you asked her her her it's the source for information
When you know what they say and I always say well, who is they? I believe but what about?
Is that all you're gonna eat? Oh my god. You're getting so fat
Why don't you lose some weight? Oh my is that all you're gonna eat? I cooked like a make crazy person
And in her case it came naturally
Don't be knocking my mom now. I'm not she was only a nice time. She was a pretty damn good cook
That's a long time ago way before she croaked. You know once upon a time my mom wasn't
Instalaint right Rick says the first time I ever heard the term as clown was in
1999 in the movie office space it was a term used by a character Michael Bolton
He used it to refer to the singer Michael Bolton when he said it was a good name until that no talent as clown came around
Well, I think that's right on target spot on as they say yeah, let's let them have it you got a spot on it
Yes, I do a couple maybe it's a booger
Maybe it's one of them chunks from your left nostril
The thing I was wondering about is I woke up this morning in the middle of the morning with my nose just
Plugged up jammed up
Jammed up in jelly tight
And I'm thinking to myself. How is it that this I mean the answer is obvious
You know you got this nasal drip and it keeps dripping down into your nose and then you're a throat throat
Chess but how is it that it just keeps regenerating itself over it? It's like endless what are you talking about?
The mucus the mucus membranes in your nose and in the linings of your lungs
Oos continuously
Sometimes more sometimes less. Mm-hmm. That's how they keep moist losing all the time. Yes, they are oozing
You yesterday after having all these fisher men's friend which I now found out having sorbitol
I was oozing from my rectum
Really wow for a few while that's not I was boozing while you were oozing really yeah
And losing
You know, it says sounds like a sinus infection
Also since most of us marry our parents
Did George marry his mother who he says is a bad person?
Yesterday George said your immune system is very weak because you're so old
I think smoking pot affects his immune system. You're sick much less than he is says heath the Joker. Yeah
I don't think I'm sick that much no neither mind and I don't think my immune system is all that bad contrary to what you say
Is that what you said? Well, you know people's immune system, you know goes down when they get older and I said I've heard this
That's what was actually said heath John ZTR morning Chuchu St. Asklown is always oh god morning Chuchu
My why do you even pay attention to that? Why do you read heath emails?
It's the same guy he said something good about you yesterday. What do you mean it's the same guy? How do you know that? Oh, please?
Heath is is rooster Chuchu. Yeah
I think you open up a real canner Irm Irm's now
Like this great. Hi, jica says Joe Bell is the biggest ass clown first Hank Eddie Kay Kenwald and now Jesse
Georgia be long gone if not for your contract
Clarence pulled managing was office earlier this week to lecture him on his poor ratings the mad dog is pretty upset about it
I'm hearing says the fake time jica
How do you like that Clarence is given the lessons to the mad dog? I don't know
Maybe if the mad dog didn't consistently have to follow two hours of dead air and if we had a signal that somebody could hear maybe those things might contribute to increased numbers
Although I don't hear the show so I don't really know what's going on there
I mean the notion that anybody in this building had any kind of a discussion with anyone else about the ratings is laughable
Now why do you say that?
Because they don't care about the ratings because ratings don't matter isn't that what has been said
That was told right and I believe that well that was just that was just an excuse for the fact that he was getting blown out
I believe because Joe doesn't like him
It's all it's all personal. It's not business. It's all personal. It's just the opposite of the guy father. It's not business. It's personal
So if he takes it a disliking to you your screwed man one way or the other just like me
In his wildest dreams he never ever thought I would accept that 50% pay cut
Probably since there's really nothing else. I mean nobody in this business is making any money anymore
So when I did I think it took him a back and then he you know comes up with this phony
Oh, I'm looking forward to the next five years. I love this new deal
As clown
Ron from Miami says hey if you're about to kick the bucket and don't have any ears
Let me introduce myself to you. I'm young and hung and been listening to you for a long time since Ron from Miami
Well good Ron go tied the rope to the ceiling and tie it real tight
Oh, and here's a picture of Miami I guess in this game Bay. I'm pretty impressed
With a phone number
Yeah, it was me. I wouldn't put a name to it either
Picture the Miami scarline and this game Bay is that like a message? I don't know
Joey Zaza gonna send me a message
You're you're peeing in the wrong spot
This is the Neil Rogers show
Any questions
I'd like to eat
Let us and peace from a show Obama's garden in DC
Carrots and beans
Nice healthy greens for Michelle Obama's garden naturally
She for tall eyes is the Morganically
Fresh tasting food for the first family
But he's was born on the South one in the show Obama's garden in DC
Oh
Love it 0 to it 560 WQ I am happy Friday to you. I'm under the weather, but I'm here
What what does that mean under the weather? I don't know one of those things and
No, here's another one. I've never stole a freight train
Brandon says I think I got caught what you got because I feel like hell for me to take the day off of work means I'm sick like a dog
There's another one sick like a dog. Where did that come from?
Maybe dogs get sick maybe dogs
People I don't know they do once in a while
No, it's times dog I mean dogs get deathly sick usually just before
death
Yeah, dogs do get sick. I don't know where that I mean that expression's been around forever sick as a dog
How sick is a horse like those horses that died they got poisoned by that whatever they were eating those polo horses
Yeah
Sick is a horse sick is a hippo as a hippopotamus
All right
David says you are a legend here's a butt kissing email you like it all good enjoy. We don't get too many of those I know
All the legendary TV and radio broadcasters are either dying or retiring
You are the last living legend stay for another 20 years. Oh, yeah
I'll be I'll be lucky if I make another 20 minutes here's George hey the radio industry should celebrate your success
You are the energizer bunny just keep going and going yeah yesterday I kept going and going and going
Correct them then I realized that this
Fisherman's friend is the sugar-free version with sorbitol. Oh my god
Not good
And I'd like to you know I'd like to suck on one right now
Comfortable that right what I said how's it going?
Fisherman's friend. Oh, you want to?
friend
sans sucrose
Suarez us or a sorbitol sweeten with sorbitol yeah, I hate this frogs and all the Canadians thing everything's got to be in English and in French
And actually these taste like crap. You know what else tastes like crap
What are those my father used to eat them all the time when he had a cold?
They're lashinges just like these they're the gray
Lootons no lootons are not gray they're black. Lootons are good. I like lootons are like candy. Yeah, they're like licorice
Oh, what the hell are those things called they still make them?
They come like in a blue metallic box. That's a crets
No, not secrets secrets. Oh, secrets are awful. Oh, they're green. They're green in the coming like in a foil little foil wrap
What the hell were those things called and they taste it just like these Fisherman's friend awful
horrible
Maybe I should go get some Smith Brothers cough drops
See the one good thing this week and I mentioned this to you yesterday before you went on
Is being sick this week has really helped my weight this as of this morning 185.2 on a scale
That's the lowest I've weighed in I don't know maybe four or five years at least
So I've lost about six pounds this week
Because I haven't been eating that much when you're really really sick. You don't have an appetite
And well, how what do they say feed a cold starva fever? I yeah, I was starva cold feed a fever
I'm not sure what they say about that or what they say or if it's correct
That's good doctor. It's not correct do it
They say and also my blood sugar levels are getting back down toward the lowest they've been in a long time toward normal
So I it's a catch 22. I don't want to get the halls mental it's just with the with the
Sorbitol because it makes me just crap my brains out uncontrollably
You know after about an hour and a half I'm I'm close to home, man
And the ones with a sugar send your blood sugar up not good
Why does everything have to be like candy? Why does it have to be sweet?
Because people like that well, I okay, but if it's supposed to be good for you like like that other stuff that I take that
Coffin medicine that I told you about yeah, I still can't think of the name of it
You can't either doctor something or other doctor pecker. I don't know what it is
It tastes horrible, but it helps. It's good for your throat. Yeah, it works
Oh, I guess people probably wouldn't suck on cough drops if they tasted like that stuff, but right few fewer people would think yeah
Well, I'm sure the cough drop business doesn't exist to help people's health
I
Wonder if the Smith brothers are still alive. You know that they're actually worth a Smith brothers
Nope, oh Hawaii Brad's still here in Kabul Philippines
It's summer here. I'm seeing my Harry. I'm sweating my Harry ass off. He's got an attachment on here. Oh, there he is
That's cute. I can't wait to sell this turkey of a house here and get back to Hawaii
Times it tough so I attached a picture to hopefully amuse you from front of my condo here not even slightly amusing
Good luck to you Brad. You'll need it. Wow
Here's one from Ephraim remember Ephraim yep in baton Rouge if I recall correctly
I didn't even look what a memory I got for these chronics
So you think that
Rooster to chew and what's the other one heath? Yeah, the same person. Yeah
Well, I think a lot of these only one thing I can say to that
Yeah, I don't know and I don't care
See I really don't give a crap who these emails are from they just they kill some good time
It's a lot more entertaining and amusing to me than taking I'm your friend 400 times
Now what what's his name Prozac Ron Ron what Ron Zeegler?
Yeah, the whole family calling yesterday does he really yeah the girlfriend the retarded uncle
The retarded uncle also crank calls the show. Yeah, well, they were all I guess they must have been having a picnic or something yesterday
Yeah, I heard they ordered a box of assorted sized condoms because they were having a picnic that's what I heard yeah
Big bat of Chris go. Yeah, and from all on says
A1s or AIC went from 7.09.6
That's the measurement of your blood sugar over a period of I don't know weeks or whatever
Haney will hope you get feeling better soon. I share your pain as a fellow type 2 diabetic the last thing
We need is freaking flu a cold and addition to my diabetes. I'm also an asthmatic
I've been suffering for the last three weeks from the flu as well as severe allergies my doctor wanted to hospitalize me
But I fought it in one
However, she put me on these nasty ass steroids. I take seven pills today six tomorrow until I would have taken 300
314 milligram
I don't get it all 31 4 milligram pills in total too many numbers here from of course because of the illness my A1
C is gone through the roof my last check it was 9.6
By the time I'm done with these steroids, it'll be something like something or so. It's chopped off
She also increased my diabetic mid a
Vandimate
To something
Vandimate is a combination of a vandu rule I met for men
I like it because it doesn't drop my blood sugar too low
Anyway, hang in there those passage out there don't know or understand what we're going through so to help with the
Mosses Ephraim in Bethal Rouge, Louisiana
But we got two at least two listeners in Louisiana. We got Gary. What's his name there Gary Goldbard with his fake daughter?
The streaming is not good get it fixed
And that was up almost 100 points. I can't quite crack through that 100 barrier today
I can't quite crack. Well get out and push goodbye. So I'm gonna crack problem
John Quest says a couple of weeks ago or Rick I don't know what his what these emails don't match the name sometime
You know you don't because they're fake
Couple of weeks ago you said that the 20 years you've known George have only broke bread with them three times
What this tells me is you can't stand him either
You keep his ass clan around for two reasons management can't stand him and the audience can't stand him
You're like to ruffle the feathers and everything every time this punk is on the air ruffles feathers
Please bring back the flee
PS here's an idea for a poll does hearing George on the air want to make you might you to make you barf
Yes, you know answer only Rick blow it out your ass Rick
Oh Buckley's thank you so much, you know Buckley's is that a horrible tasting crab. That's it. Oh
Taste like mung
The in fact, I'm gonna go take some right now two tables two teaspoons just drink the whole bottle. No, no
Oh, if you ever even smell this you would run for the hills
It's just it went when you finish drinking it when you swallow it is like oh
Like that
But it's good for you
So my question is why is it that everything that is good for you it tastes like crap and everything that tastes really great is bad for you
Because God works in mysterious ways because he's a sadistic son of a bitch
Is now what's going on here?
Right
All you God people out there boy, there was a God
Who should the dolphins get in a draft Neil ask Andre's in West Park? Let me put it to this way very simply on race who gives a flying crap
First he says hope you're feeling better. Sorry for already mentioned this
Saying I've been listening on and off. They're saying it's nothing to write home about. Oh, that's a saying. Yeah, there's another one
Nothing to write home about well, I mean I can understand that one can't you yeah, nothing special
Not nothing to sit down and write a letter home. I guess why I just
Crap my pants or something like that
Or Joe Bell is an ass clown
Well, I never thought I'd find the guy no ride that I've been to the round days
The classic set of wheels fixed up the way a brother would like
Here
The
Chinese little little little jellyfish
And gimpuses, red shit
Now so I've bounced down the road
In a bit dead as Super Bowie
Now with the horses
Top to big deals
So they'll get around the peaks of the breaks
By 1979
My phone Catalina
She showed a conpod
Now he's my baby Cadillac
God, baby
Coconut or not a cherry
You'd be bitten by the star
Baby
Chinese little little jellyfish
Yo
Hey
I kept my windows down
On a hot summer day
Cause they can't see no worth no way
This wedding fresh weather
All seeds thoughts disposed
Against the dusty look in over time
I'm a backsy-dew find
The shining grandest men like Ryan
Thanks my carpet-chanted tubers
Have they washing it with all the road
No more baby
Oh with the conod a cherry
Cherry you'd be bitten by the star
Baby
Michael Shaftek
Wheels flat over speed bumps in to school
God, baby
His hand
Fresh from the orange
Dairy you'll be massive to me
Baby
C'mon baby
C'mon baby
All correctional correction
The list chainy was the one defending her father
Darth Cheney, a student MSNBC
She's the non-dike daughter
Mary Cheney is the dyke
She's Jason Weston. Thank you Jason
All right
Mary is the dyke
Liz is the hetero
Glad we got it straight
I got a bunch of emails that came in
That I would have done yesterday had I been here
And I wasn't
About um
Bubba loves fun
Licking my ass again
Well what does he want?
I don't know a date
What a date
No I think he's just trying to use me again
Like all these other people come to the market
Oh my good friend Neil you know is the great all that other cramp
I never I don't know him I never heard him
The people who will give me spy reports tell me that the show blows but you know
Here you go
Here's one of them
What is a lot of them
Oh oh no wonder I'm sick
When you hear that now did you get this a second one from Dave Friedman
A second one from Dave's boyfriend
I never got the first one now obviously I haven't blogged or something
Well don't you remember I read it on the year on Tuesday
Yeah
Here's the follow-up
Wednesday 12 30 pm
Hi Neil Jeff high called me today to say that you read yesterday's email on the year
You remember my name I'm flattered
I remember your name because everybody remembers crazy people
Who are annoying and just won't go the hell away
Is there a job for Jeff there he really is a good guy
I know you liked him I know you liked him
You see where this is all coming from
He must have splattered on the IOD walls over there and gotten canned again
You have a soft heart for slightly overweight men and Jeff has slimmed down to a spelt
450 pounds since he's now being two fed donuts and pop tarts
That's it you won't be hearing from me in other few more years love
Lyle
P.S. you have to admit that you're sure wasn't the same as it was
25 years ago in terms of your reverence and freshness
Well, no nothing is like it was 25 years ago
Although you're the same as you always been Dave a pain in the ass and idiot
In addition to which how do you know my show isn't the same if you don't listen
Uh
Just one question is George's ego because he thinks he's good at what he does
Or is it because he has low self-esteem
After working with your success all these years goodbye speaking to you again in five years
Yeah, like the story this is another idiot that keeps threatening to you away and never does he always be surfaces
Chronic chronic chronic no life at all. I have no life like his boyfriend Jeff high. That's this guy's claimed to fame
Is he's the boyfriend of a radio sales hole who has been bouncing around and literally like a shmoo
From month station another for like 20 years. Yeah
Like that
And that
Go away Dave. We all hate you like poison and your buddy Jeff high
And if he's out of work while there is a god
Here's one from all above the love spud and spy report remember I was just saying that yep
Oh man
I
Think by Monday I'll be back to abnormal
Good
Let me see the color of this
It's um oh, it's almost colorless kind of like Jeff high pale
Like George although last time I saw you land back at jostrom you had the color yeah, I've been doing stuff outside
A lot more lately looks red
Yeah, I mean doing stuff outside working up a real good no once or twice a week hanging out outside doing a lot about the words he thinks really yeah
Anyway Duke McCabe says just out of curiosity are you friends with Bubba to love spudge? No, I'm not
I never met him. I don't know from him
This morning at 8 30 was talking about you as if you two were best buddies. Oh
Are there times when you just want to sit down and cry every day
Personally, I don't care much for him. I like music in the morning and talk right doing the afternoon
I tend to flip back and forth
Uh, among several stations while I search for something good till you come on
This morning I was slipping around the dial and listen to him for about three minutes while he insinuated the you to our buddies
Yeah, just like me and cast an over to keep meeting at the sawgrass even though I'm in Toronto and he's this somewhere
It takes a lot to offend me, but that Kaylee Anthony parody played was disgusting
Many of his listeners have complained and but he tried to justify by saying that you would have no problem with the song
Well, what what am I the censor now? I'm on the judge in the jury
That's right. You're on the panel just thought you'd like to know hugs to somebody Duke
See I really don't care what any of these people have to say. I don't care what Bubba says
I don't care what Paul and DeRont I don't care
I'm here doing my thing and that's it and all these Yenthas out there oh
Oh
South Florida Haven for Yenthas even the goyam are Yenthas in South Florida
Oh look at that machine he's playing the maximum. He's gonna lose his ass. Oh my god. Look at that
Mind your own effing business bitch old nasty bitch
Look at your own machine and lose your ass and let me do what I want
God
Oh
Brandon says it's been a while since I provided you with the Bubba loves punch update in addition to being gay for Hulk
Hogan and having a man all the time the times he isn't on Bubba has Tucker Carlson on oh mr. Boatai that's fruit cake
Tucker resigned just about as much as Hulk
I don't listen long enough to know what they're talking about and today he had a longer extensive interview with his with his own mother
That's right Bubba had his mom on to talk about the night. He was conceived and how it actually happened
You know what sounds like to me there's a word that comes to mind you know what the word is no desperate hmm
desperate
But nonetheless I mean Tucker Carlson that sure would draw me away
But Bubba's always talking about you and how you guys are such buddies and you would approve of this you
Don't sucker me into your show. Okay, Bob. I do your own damn show. I don't know from your ass
Robert Smith says don't you think it strains at both
Lea Tard and Sedano are on vacation during the same week coincidence. Oh, you ought to see the way he spells coincidence
Have you ever had them as fortunate to hear stew got to that show on his own it's beyond bad and while we're at it where's D-fo
Don't know don't care small potatoes man you talk about small potatoes
Oh, here's Armando Ferris can't a manny from a Capulco another fake
Remember him of course
Armando Ferris whatever his name is yeah
Possibly placement for ass clown how about butt monkey
Joe Bell it says is a butt monkey has a nice ring to it glad you're back even though George was great. Hope you feel better
Well, here's George hey
Oh my god
They just can't make up their mind they love you they hate you they love me they hate me they love and hate mostly hate
Here we go again, it's right there you bastard
How much are you not Madonna after adoption reaction
I hear comfort enjoy
In hall and touch her
She likes me to be coming down on her leaky in the gray of her beef curtains that is mild making off
She happy when I put pocket the chocolate starfish
She likes many times and her be happy when I buy her new makeup because with no makeup
She looks like Latin drug loves on her face. He doesn't mean
Okay, yes, the logo you asked the way go me as I think you said great
I heard it Madonna all of that one and I'm not sure which boyfriend that's supposed to be
But the one that I saw I saw two different ones. They were showing on those stupid shows and
One looks really good
Really good so we can't really be her boyfriend because she's only in the ugly guys like Denise Rodman
Guys like that. Okay, Denise pod fan
Really ugly guys that's Madonna. Oh, I think she would do anything
Lam posts fire hydrants great
Dogs
Zebras anything that moves
Oh the family member I least want to ever see again or have anything to do with in another life is
cousin 28 how come that's winning so handling what was I don't know
Maybe because there's lots of options there and a lot of people have a lot of cousins
X is 15 a pet 15
Now that's bad who doesn't like their pet. I know
You had a wonderful dog for years and years like I had two and you had a chance to meet up with them again
And give me a little pet on the head to you know get a little lick on the forehead on the nose
Wouldn't that be sweet sure would not these people a pet 15 well
To you that's from tiny and winning how do you like that?
I
Spouse 13 brother 13 father 13 uncle 12 sister 11 mother 10 that's bad George
No, it's not I do you say those terrible things about your mother Chris I used to give that all the time too
And I'm the answer was because they're true right
Ant nine aunt step mother seven in laws six
Grandparent five step sister three step father three step brother Solomon Deuno
164 votes horrible pull but thanks. I think it's a trolley b-baby
Glad your back hope you feel better says somebody
To answer your question why the name sometimes don't match the emails when you originally set up hotlook
Express to fill in a blank
That says who the email is from and that gets saved along with your other info you put in there
Every time you send an email the name usually shows on the top as to whom other males from but
Say I sit down on front of your computer write an email and sign it
slick
It'll show it was sent from kneel because I used your machine, but it'll be signed by me because I wrote it
Got it got it just like this email is yeah, I'm not not looking at it George is a fine job covering when you're
Out I think wqm should count their lucky stars. He's there every time to seamlessly step in that's one of the many reasons why
When joebell says to me I want to fire George Rodriguez and your fleet is job. I said blow out your fat ass
Actually, I said I'll get back to you and then when he sent me a message before vacation
I said don't call me and I won't call you
no effing way
And I never heard from him again. Thank God. I don't want to hear from him
The only reason he ever contacts me is just to be annoying joebell
Or funny like yesterday morning. I mean, I just couldn't speak. I couldn't talk
And one thing about this business when you try to talk for four hours and your throat is already messed up
You're gonna be out for days. Sure
Because you're just
Straining your vocal cords. You know some jobs if you can't walk you can't work
And if you can't talk you can't work right simple as that and I send Georgia texted about eight 20 in the morning
Right, there's no problem. Okay, right did that while I was on the highway right there you go on the highway on the way to work
I'm expecting just to sit there saying just this morning a few times
But instead has to put on a four-hour show entertain the masses
Georgia's a fine job when you're out. I think wQM should count their lucky stars
He's there every time to seamlessly step in he knows every chronic every drop every song bit the show hardly suffers a rating drop
What in God's name would wQM do when you call in an hour before a show time and can't make it
Play more sports crap. There you go. Yep. I don't think so he says anyway if you need a suggestion to kill little time
I'd appreciate if you could play vanna pick me a letter. It's kind of long one of my favorites is slick
Well, that sounds pretty slick thanks slick yeah
Just I heard George my ass
How many lives can we screw up how many people can we destroy that's Joe Bell's mission in life
Oh, it's a five-request I think right get me a ticket for an aeroplane
Got to get on the wheel of watching game. I just got to win spin the wheel again
Oh vanna pick me a letter bank rock. What do you mean bank? Why don't care how much money I got to spend
Can't stand to look at that say jack again won't throw in the tower still like by your vowels
Oh vanna pick me a letter. Hey man. What do you mean there's no S and 4 vanna pick me a letter?
No one does it any better. I dream about you. Hey vanna's that an all over tan or what vanna
I don't understand why you make a hundred grand not for me to say
Anyway, get me a ticket for an aeroplane
Gonna be on the wheel of watching game. I just got to win spin the wheel again
Oh vanna pick me a letter
Go vanna go baby go. Hey get out of my face back
The other two win and they're now in that world is a low rider
All right, oh
Forget the letter man. I'll take vanna. Why are you beautiful man? You're an eco play the home game
Got me a ticket for an aeroplane. All right
I'm on the wheel of watching game. I just love that sound. I'm in the bonus round
Hey vanna pick me a letter. Lose a turn. Hey fat loser. vanna pick me a letter
No one does it any better. I dream about you. All right, that is an all over tan
vanna I don't mean to stare but are you wearing underwear? Not for me to say
Anyway, I don't care how much money I got to spend
Can't stand to look. Get back safe jack again
Won't throw in the towel. Still like by your vowels. Oh vanna
Pick me a letter
Please vanna pick me a letter
All right, I'm ready to pick baby
ABCDFGJJK
I'm a big 20CVWXYD
That's your company
All right, I'll take the sofa the blender the microwave the refrigerator
Hey man, what do you mean 500 dollars for a black and white five in portable TV set
You got ripped off man. My brother and I forget it for your own sales
Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set man. All right, I'll have some money baby
I'll pay you
It's fat twa Friday you bastard
They want my bonus back
No, it's money that is part of my contract
No, I don't care if you say it's whack
No, but there's no way I'll pay these millions back
No, I'll take you to court
I
The bonus is part of my salary
The company is broke because of me
And now you want to take all my money
I won't give it back
My own mind no way of getting it not a time no way of getting it
Hey, I'm getting my voice from me no way of getting it
I keep the cap no way of getting it
I'm getting it's running
No way of getting it
I'm getting it's my bonus no way of getting it
Kiss my rich butt
Brack them so let me ask you nobody nobody knows the name of those licenses
Maybe they'll have it made them in 100 years. I don't know
They were in a tin container and they were flat and gray. Yeah, that's all I've seen
Just like these awful fishermen's framed. I in fact I pulled this one out of the packages. I'm your friend
And he's have sorbitol in
But I'm sucking on one because it does give you a little a little temporary relief from the um
congestion
It's not that I throw to soror at the moment. It was this morning when I woke up now. It's not so bad
Maybe that's because I had that nukeable bacon
Maybe maybe I could make some more and eat it on the ear and get what's the name all been on there?
Sure been been the schmolen whatever's name is schmendrick
You know once upon a time how many months have we been doing the email things since like November maybe okay
Once upon a time
When the real email is ran out of material which took about a week
The fake emails were like someone entertaining
Even though you don't agree with that, but they actually were to me
And they've just gotten worse and worse and worse
Not good gonna be 68 here today the sun is shining. It's great. It's a good day for me to be outdoors
Getting some a sun getting some vitamin nuts a seepa call. No, I'm just looking at all the lozenges. I found from his friend. No
These suck
Wofftaus is fisherman fraying. I'm your friend. They suck. They taste like crap
That's it. That's all the lozenges. Well, I'm not finding anything
There's one thing I can't understand is people who say lozenjures
Whoever people say that no
All the time I hear that lozenjures maybe like some kind of a complicated word
But you know a uh huh thieves lozenges now
These were very famous fairs
Bears
Fayers no
That's it. No, I mean, I'm looking at a whole bunch of pictures to see if uh something you know trying to find one that comes in a tin
Well, you just google lozenges
Right, and then you close on the one. Let me do that during the next break. There you go
What was I gonna do during the break two breaks ago? I didn't do it make some tea. No, that's right. I don't need it
I got my fisherman's friend
Fisherman's friend
Jerry says several years ago
W-I-O-D team managed to defo together from four to seven p.m. It was a fantastic show
These two guys worked very well together and the show was not only informative but very funny
Then for some reason D-4 was fired. I think he had some kind of a gambling problem
I don't recall managing D-4 doing a show together. Do you ever?
No, but they might have just because we don't remember the gambling thing didn't come around until
He was a Q-A. I mean that was that was years after I-O-D
That was with the engines. Yeah, that wasn't a gambling problem
No, it was a monkey business problem monkey business problem with the Indians right
Says I remember how to press the mad dog was when D-4 was canned. I think his words were there's not enough booze in this town to ease my pain
Anyway, I'm just wondering if W-I-O-D would
O-W-I-O-D
Would consider teaming up these two all stars again D-4 was great, so Jerry
First of all neither one of them work on W-I-O-D last time I checked
And if you think this station is going to pay an extra person in that they part you're crazy
plus
The two words when I think of D-4 their two words are come to mind. You know what they are. No paranoid loser. Oh
I mean he he doesn't get any numbers. He doesn't generate any anything you know
And mad dog
I don't understand what's going on there other than the fact nobody can hear the signal and he's following two hours of dead air
Every day
But today we got the draft stuff coming baby. We're gonna have a gigantic audience
It's gonna be huge big
gigantic
Like a big throbbing
hemorrhoid
As they put their heads together to pre-analyze the NFL draft
Then at seven o'clock we just pull a plug U-M baseball Virginia Tech
It's just you know and then Greg Lykins 11-1
And tomorrow I still don't understand four to eight
Of course we got draft crap coming all day after the weekly fisherman right after our three hour fishing show
Like you've always said iod in the old days we had sports talk from what six to seven six to eight
Two hours right that was more than enough
Now we got 15 stations doing 24 seven or 27 talking the same crap there's no more sports
The same stuff they could cover
Filluminously in two hours. Yeah, now it's like 20 and nobody complained you know
No, nobody said gee can't we have a lot more sports talk
Except for a puree
As a matter of fact that was the conflict with boy Gary and Hank remembers uh boy Gary thought that he was doing too much sports
Had too many sports guests and athletes and things like that i'll say this morning all he wants his sports
Anybody wants to talk about anything else he'll he won't talk to him
I think Joe is failing to learn what's going on in the market, but nevertheless since his show he can do what he wants
Galdi tomorrow 9 a noon he'll be daft i'd wrapped intensive
Josie Danny can airland bo boy i don't have bo on there noon to four
Too much
And then four to eight this is what i still don't understand i noticed in the promo they played earlier
They didn't mention miss syphilis a Jimmy you fairy
Four to eight the NFL draft showed him around qaim Jimmy syphilis Joe rose Jim Mandice and Orlando
Elzekquiri and dolphin stadium jimmy's got top billing
Yeah, I'm here on the schedule by clearance
You know
Last time I checked Jimmy syphilis does the mornings on wiod and rips us an ass every chance he gets
The inept voice of the dolphins right and believe me inept is an understatement the embarrassing voice of the dolphins
So how i just don't get it
But like you said it's all it's all the same it's all part of the same sports fraternity that's right that flag flies higher than any other
That's bag is that what you say about Jimmy you're fairy that i was up hundred and point nine points
If i'm lying you're dying
I think ten to noom would have been good today you should have noon to two
But i can't do that to you now. Well, thanks
Well, no you don't you notice i'm like losing it no i didn't notice it all drink some tea you said you don't need to
That doesn't mean that it's a bad idea
Should i yes
Oh
The worst i think this is the worst the web ever had probably not the long time in year to have a fever's and all that stuff
No, no then maybe not flu
What it was this the pre-death cold maybe bad cold pre-death i'm on the way out
Nels
Here's one from Bradley as far as bubba the love sponge goes he just mentions having respect for the talented and successful radio shows
I don't understand what what is that all about
Because i've been hearing this ever since he came into the market
Is that all he talks about is hall coge in the other radio shows i wouldn't know
Today he just stated it was giving respect to you fill Henry howard stern whose tosses he really kisses and some guy i never heard of
Bubba has never said you and he were good buddies or anything like that people are just pulling your chain your chain
As far as bubba goes i don't have serious so there is much listen to before your show
And you'd still do have jewish the portory can too kosher we can listeners not all our jingoistic is Israeli supporters
Not israel firsters like you Lieberman
By the way fleas good, but not everyone hates George. We just rather listen to you
Well, that's fine and when i'm not sick and i'm supposed to be here i'm here and even today when i am sick i'm still here
I can only imagine what they would have said if i would have been sick today
Yeah, and then next Friday i'm gonna be off anyway
Oh
And then of course in mid june
I got a week's vacation and then the summer schedule starts and i know you're gonna be getting some extra big bucks for that
Oh, yeah
Gonna be getting a lot of spots you're gonna get that car traded out for you
So i guess now you know when
When um
Joe belset i'll take care of George now you know what he meant by that i should do
Bob green told me the same thing yeah, oh i don't worry. I'll take care of George. I'll take care of George and he has screwed you over
Give you about a 50 same raise at least he would let us eat the free food though. Yeah
And i never got the feeling he was out to destroy everybody's life
Did you Bob green no no
My Disney maybe if you had a too many
Many belts under is the belt
Boy talk about
Red nose reindeer god
Talk about red nose Irishman
Oh, that freaking Disney
But anyway, that's all in the past
Stop and think of all the bozos all you're working people out there
Stop and think of the idiots you've worked for over the years if you ever worked for somebody good and i have a couple of guys
Give her in the fact three
Three good people i worked for sitlevin dick casper gary lorrance
Greg reed i would say you know by compared to what we got now he was great
He also tried to fire your ass. Yeah, no
What do you think that's all about well, that was mo
right
That's because you gave me those emails and i read about here all those cost to hateful emails about mo
Sure, and he he and as attorney demanded that you be fired
Mm-hmm, and then on the day of his birthday when i was invited
To tell my birthday. I was if that came in and invited me Robert
I don't know yeah, I think it was or the beast invited me to go in there mo invited me to go in and wish him a happy birthday during a break
I mean talk about an ego so i walked in there and he wouldn't even look at me for the first you know a few seconds
I said hey happy birthday mo
You said you know why Georgia is still here. I said what because i did the right thing
I backed off
Which is an admission that he's the one to try to get to fire which in the beginning he denied right he tried to get everybody fired
Everybody
Silkretz no that's on it
Thank you so much for trying to know secrets are green and each and they look at red ones too, but all they do is like dead in your throat
They're a numbing agent yes
Do and they taste like kaka
I think if you just get some hard candy if you're gonna like you know
Do it suit your throat with that just get some hard candy and suck on it
Cruiser says i was just thinking to the time i met you at a power remote at the coverage mall
You were there with rickan suds whatever happened to those goofballs also that Gilbert character with his speech impediment
Wondering says cruiser
suds pops up when the george is doing the show every now and as a guest and rick is in west coast he was here friday
Was he really the 17th
and and he's still suds and he's still alive yep rick on the other hand is still still rick
This dick chaney i'd like to relax by having very margol and massage my balls while listening to the neo-rodges 12 to 1 hour
You can
Hi guys and gals. I'm Alaska governor Sarah Pielan when i'm not shooting caribou from a helicopter hovering 50 feet off the ground
I'm a 44 year old wife mother and future grandmother of an illegitimate child conceived out of wedlock
But i'm also an endorser and i'm here today to tell you folks about me exciting you perfume for you gals out there
It's called panna costo perfume
Neumda after the religious practice i no longer associate myself with due to its controversial nature
Panna costo perfume will make you smell divine
And make you speak in tongue
It's perfect for all occasions whether you're hunting or running or taking a field trip to the nuclear plant
Gosh darn it. This is a fragrance for all you gals other perfumes just pale in comparison
I'm Sarah Pielan and i approve this fragrance
I'll talk about tortures there you go 12.01.05.60 wq.a.m
What what's the uh prospective center laws name again Luke?
I don't know yeah the other one that knocked up her daughter
No it wasn't Luke but what was it puked oh my god
Levi Levi there you go Levi Harner
Remember Levi and Eldon Harner they're both dead no from Matavie Downs and Buffalo Raceway
No road air driven by Levi Harner
Anyway ishmaw says Joe Bell is absolutely correct George doesn't belong on the radio
You can have the beast fill in during the summer get to same numbers
Listener should email Joe Bell and let him know ishmaw yeah kishma ishmaw
kishmaer and tochus
Probably the beast boyfriend. It's probably got one other clearances are getting married getting hitched
And do you believe that fake email we had from the fake times you could be for about the clearance sent mad dog down
It was given him crap about his bad numbers. Do you believe that? No, I don't either
It's got to be somebody across the street and of course right you notice one interesting thing since said the kid got canned over there
So many of these chronic fakes Greg Budelle and Joy Reynolds all these people have basically disappeared
Yep, just coincidence
I don't think so and where's Hawk Mark or whatever the hell is name is with a spy report about what's gonna happen Monday morning over there
It's already Friday
New morning show coming soon stay tuned seven idea
Maybe they don't have any idea what it is yet
That everybody in their brother is sending me bad information. It's including rich factor
You know, it's one thing about people who know it all like rich factor
Great sukrats great a little metal tin right yep. He says yep nope nope
So crats aren't gray. So crats are green or red they come in little foil that tin can yeah
But in little foil wrapper each individually wrapped correct yes
And then the ones I'm talking about maybe actually they didn't come in a tin can that they came in a thin flat box
my bad
Just don't I mean I just remember they were gray and uh and like little wafers
Gray and they tasted like garbage
There's not a question my father loved them why is there a brand called sooth. I'm looking at right now soon though it discs
Now these probably they have made in a hundred years. You know, that's what happens when you give you old funny day like me
You start talking about products that they have made since Jesus was a baby
JCP says the cough drops you're trying to think of
Ludens in the middle case first of all Ludens never came in a metal case
Ludens coming up box like Smith Brothers cough drops you people sure don't know your damn cough drops god
Well, I think he says he's got a he emails me a picture of a tin of sucrets. Neil. This is it question mark. No
Everybody in their brother keeps telling me they're sucrets
They're not no you've taken sucrets right yes you've sucked on a few
sucrets
green
red
Red and individually tin wrap tin foil wrap correct
Nothing at all like what I'm talking about
No, I think you're talking about Ludens, but there's another brand. If there's another brand like that
I'm not aware of what it is
Ludens were in the little box like a little drawer thing and they were gray
And they tasted like licorice get out of here see you
Ludens made discs yes
Because Ludens cough drops are like they're in the shape like um oblong um things
They're like a little oblong candy maybe they make more than one bond they're in a box what maybe they make more than one kind
Well, wouldn't that be a kick in the ass? I'm hearing tea of the Smith Brothers. I bet you maybe Smith Brothers ain't even around anymore
I don't know if you see him anywhere. I don't know
Here's one from die from aventura the throat lashing is you looking for gray and flattened in a tin can are called throat discs
Be careful beside sorbitral has anus in it anus anus
Wow, back them
Maybe it tastes like ass
Ron says that the last time you turn him over the name whorehounds. I do remember whorehounds, but no, that's not it
Wow, you know when you come right down to what differences are made
That's how we're killing time today
We are mailing it in and remember I said I was gonna play all bits. They play the rack. I didn't do that
No, you didn't that would have been a cop out. I mean, I should have done it if do I'll request Friday
Yeah, I'll request my ass
You'll request rest so they have sorbitral anus in it tastes like sweet ass
Oh here we go loodens it says loodens nothing. It's got a link. Let me go to the link
Mmm
Chewie no, I'm not chewing and it's got a picture of a red candy just like I said loodens and oblong little red candy
Loodens whenever flat in a box
Wild cherry throat drops. That's what they got loodens makes throat drops
Not whatever you're saying
I bet you flee would know the answer
Brands the throat laws and just don't worry. They're not links. It says you got a whole list
Seapocall no chloro septic no fisherman's I'm your friend no halls no
Vanola no liquor all no lockets no loodens no I don't think
Recall the no smith brothers no soothers no strepsils no sucretz no
Thayer is no toons no vix no nice no theme no that's from your friend very macaque
What are you trying or here's to be syphilis?
ah
The fake Jimmy syphilis is on excited no it's about the draft oh well in that case no
Why not why you said your party pooper
Poor hounds is Gregory no how many we already been there done that no
All these people try and desperately and here's that loodens thing loodens
No no loodens
All right, let me print this out from Jimmy syphilitic
See, I know you hate these I like these
Well, good I do
Enjoy you'll see when the book comes out next Thursday you'll see we're gonna kick some bloody ass. I hope so
Bonus money, baby good
Jimmy syphilis says my audience in all of South Florida are excited about this weekend's draft show are you excited about it?
Oh, yeah, ask me if I'm excited about it. No, at least not even a teeny tiny bit
You're in difference only further illustrates how out of touch you are with the South Florida market
You feel that you're we campaign to get me off the air South Florida has embraced me for my days as a dolphin host
A PM magazine and sportscaster to now as morning drive host and voice of the dolphins you can't say the same
South Florida's already forgotten you as the rating illustrate don't go away mag just go away
No, I'm never going away Jimmy. I'm sticking around just to piss you off
Just because you're fair you're a phony your full of crap and talentless. I mean God
If talent with a measurement of humanity you'd be totally without any
Whatever that means that sound impressive
Yeah
Here's one from Mike
Uh-oh spit it spit it out like I hank you here
Oh colorless
I think that's a good sign went from dark green to colorless
I think that's just before you croak
Now I think colorless is like you know since I was just talking about Jimmy syphilis. Yeah
Fitzright in colorless
Mike says finally decided to give the stream a try after 15 years of hearing you on AM
I am far from old and a professional club DJ
Uh, I have the hearing of a freaking bat
over the last two years it seemed at a slow but constant
Direction you became softer and quieter had to be thinking I began to wear out my ear drum and start to lose my hearing
Then one day I listened in the afternoon the signal gained significantly
Doesn't power change in the antenna take place from a sundown to son up. Yes
I fell in love in your show 94 and briefly interned on the jazz show and w19 95 96
Better got my fill of things then phil and sell my soul to the a m dial
Whatever that means enough keep up the great work in your records at flamingo record pool after nine years are really stacking up
Plot plot fizz fizz my case
H a z e
Okay, kind of George in an a sh a
z e
See what I what I'm hoping for
Is one big glob of flim you know what I mean like the last one you know what I'm talking about maybe you thought you know you stood on your head
You know I'm saying the one I see down there in my trino. I know
Drinking in an elephant drink tea. Okay, I'm gonna go make some tea. I'll be back in an hour
Floridians dumb as dirt
I got my tea
All right, it'll be exploded to dumb at people killed with the gas that we sold him first time aggressor nation and they only one that's growing
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing forget about Korea and
The nooks there toe to namba right
Is drilling it over and over into our head
That iraq has some weapons of master's direction
I
Three thousand people killed are now forgot let's exploit them instead. Hey, there's oil to be gotten going after
Sentom to play kato samma. There's no longer mention of the name in law then but no one seems concerned all
Humvee and complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through media
manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over and over to our head
I got the answer
Weapons of master's direction
How about the weapons of master's direction? No, oh about to your culture
I got it
The loss of civil rights is the rice that we're paying we're all suspects now not the ash crop is saying
I have nothing to hide cable parkers all are saying
Blind obedient cattle don't have any reservation
Out of provoked battle and world annihilation
Old regimes must fall in halivert and in stoke with no objection at all
Democraft don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over it to
Farade wash pants
Iraq has
Weapons of master's direction
On
Only I've racked as some
Weapons of master's direction
They light us into a war and put a trillion dollars on it killed hundreds of thousands of people and we're having
Gonna have hearings on torture. Yeah good. Here's the answer from Redlands Jim. Thank you Jim
Jim's a good guy, you know Redlands Jim well. He writes every once in a while man. He's a good guy
And he's got the answer. Where's that bill you got
My grandma used to use what you're asking about they were park Davis throat discs
I don't know if they correct they tasted like licorice and they worked
And you remember those yes, I do they came in a gray box. They were gray flat
Mm-hmm
And they tasted a little like like rich. He's right and he says they worked I don't remember if they worked
Well, they felt like they worked how's that?
More do you mean by that well licorice is a kind of mentholy kind of effect so
It's soothing on my tea. I'm drinking tea. It's old and I'm eating soup and the uh splendid
I put in there's old two it's about a hundred years old
And you're old so it all works out. Yeah
Uh hot
Ah
So you tell me that tea has no shelf life tea bags? Well, I mean that might have one but I mean a tea bag revolution baby
All's gonna do is just get drier and drier and that don't hurt it
Let's just leave it man. It's uh bigalos
Mm-hmm
Oh, and I just scalded my throat. That's good park Davis throat disc. That's the answer. Oh, oh, yeah
Now there there isn't a chance in hell I would have ever thought of that myself
And you certainly wouldn't because nope. I don't think so would you? Nope
I mean, I've had that it was a hundred years ago when I was a kid right
Google it and see if they still make them okay park dash Davis
throat lozenges. Oh, and so anyway, I was thinking about that lozinger thing yesterday
Yeah, and I was thinking that would make a good pull what word
Gets mispronounced mow often more often that bugs the hell to you mow often
And you know what my answer would be
I am no
ASK oh
Axe when I hear somebody say let me ask you a question. I know immediately we're doing
But I love with somebody who's not too bright somebody who's an idiot
How can you pronounce a SK
Axe don't acts
Axe is a xe. I'd like to take a meat ax to people to say let me ask you a question
And
And it's not just an ethnic thing either there's all kinds of people to say that
It started out as an ethnic thing and it caught on like they often really. Oh, yeah, and you see
Scott in Pinellas Park sends me a picture of theorist slippery um throw lozenges not correct the thanks for the effort Scott
Nature's general Dean Malson
What is that? I don't know since maybe dog demucacy
Deem oh that's what I need a demulsant
I also need to stick a demulsant up my nose
Why is that during the daytime I think it has to do with the way you put your pillow
Maybe
Although that doesn't make any sense because when you're sitting upright like I am now and all during the show
um
Now that doesn't make any sense
Because it would it would drain down even worse when you're sitting upright as opposed to laying in bed with your health had tilted a little bit right
So isn't the lodge affair that I don't know so you should sleep sitting up
There you go. Okay, let me go to try now
Oh
Wow and and the interesting part of this whole thing is I cut this cold down there
Last weekend
Caught it there not here. Yeah, not in the freezing a tundra of the north
And today is the first day the first real day I can say I'm sure this is the first day. It's gonna be like almost 70
Let me take a puke at it
Because I know castino and it's only 13 come on get up there. It's supposed to be 20 today. It's 56 and supposed to be 68
Sure, take a there's sweet time about it. You know what?
But tomorrow morning it's gonna be sunny in 18 and tomorrow afternoon sunny and 27 friggin degrees
27 you know what 27 is I told you 81 yeah a little taste of summertime
So explain that to me
I saw the aside from the fact that it was like 40 below zero in my house
But other other than that explain to me how I got this chill and this nasty flu
Maybe it's the irrocco pneumonia in the book you were you flew by Johnny Rivers
Or if it's not that one it could be
The winner
Yeah, certain bird flu maybe that's it
Here you go somebody says I kid you not the simplest name is the one not remembered and it's got a package of throat discs
And then he does it doesn't say park Davis on it. Oh
It doesn't have any brand name on it. Oh, I don't know what it is
Yeah, that's right. Keep trying keep sending me a bunch of stuff
thirsty sweet jailed over a snot attack. Oh my god
This is a good story
What's not to like
I thought it was like a new story, but it's not
Okay, let me print these out. What did you send me
picture
Park your park Davis and companies medicated throat discs
Looks like an ad poster. Yeah, I don't know what were there two guys doing. Oh, that's the why I thought it was one guy's
Any other guys back the old guy. I think he's the other guy the heimlich
Is that what it is? I don't know. He's got let's hope. Let's hope that's what it is
I think the lick part is right
Oh, here we go a long one from Mike Johnson who's always he always sends crap maybe today
He's got something good
Think Mike Johnson he's a wick, but he is I don't think he's ever let's see back in the
Margo list is back in the early 60s
We all all we had was Sue Krets in the metal tin aspergum
If you go to these Supreds website check the products you'll still see the metal tins for a couple of their product
Yeah, they're still around and they suck
Some of your listeners say the beast or flea should be on there instead of George
What frequent planted are these clowns from George actually belongs on the year unlike 90% of the other supposed talent and Jimmy
Cifilis god, I hate hearing him on the dolphin broadcast. He sounds so phony says Sam have a great weekend
You two Sam and you're right about that phony balloon and NF
Oh, and Larry King says if he heard John Madden's gonna retire. Yeah, Chris Collins worth is taking the spot alongside L
Who cares? Phil Sims remains the best color man's is Larry Jimmy Cifilis sucks
Bring Bill's in for back look for the fins to snag Percy Harvin at number 25 who cares?
snag this
God
Okay, let me let me see what we got
Mara Maria part of Ramos back the fake one, you know more the real one
I'm still here. She says I just don't have much material since the markets are performing so well
I will stay connected or I will stand connected corrected on my call in the loony the dollar should weaken against the loon
Do the recent decisions made by the Canadian Central Bank. I'd also like to say that I thought Lee and George would great
Have a great weekend. Hate to break the news to Maria, but the Canadian banks are gonna print like lots and lots of money
Just like they didn't the US and that's gonna bring the loony way down. I hope it's way too high now 82 and a half cent
Bring it down to about 60 cent would be the 50 cent
And when we come back thirsty sweet jailed over snot attack
It's Friday you best dig where are you practicing safe sex?
Yeah
Even when the baby was conceived
We were
And so there were just wardrobe malfunctions? I guess
Yeah
Really? Yeah, I guess so
Every time you practice safe sex
Yeah
Every time
Every time
Levi
Most of the time
Most of the time
There's two boxes and one says Sarah Palin for president and the other one says Barack Obama
Which one are you checking? I still like him out of both Sarah Palin. Yeah, okay
Antiboy Levi
I would crawl all thousand yards on my hands and knees just take close enough to have a sniff
You know, I'm saying what are you saying? He's a hot
Larry says good thing when you were down here. You didn't get meningitis the news clearance out for what I saw that in the
Herald and prints in the Herald it might be true. They're still printing the Herald by the way for a while
I
Mean what is this all about?
What radio stations are all going under TV stations up going under
Newspapers all going under
What is it all about? I don't know
We got Saurus baby. That's what it's all about. Oh
Here's one from some um some website
I have a terrible cough a sore throat and altered voice and the runny nose
You know what I wish I had park Davis throat discs
These were in the early 70s
Licorice Laws and J's with a smidge of chloroform no longer legal wow. I wonder they were good
Yeah
And the ones with the other theme leaving better what if the chloroform baby
I have found rocking by the new formulation today. Of course. They won't help me today as an online order
Say I have to buy him online you can't go in like your neighborhood drugstore and buy him
I don't know if the chloroform is illegal now
Well, and they're no good my eldest sister and I used to hang out in detour with a family member of some high up or founding
Park Davis personage
The family being well to do he had his grandparents home movies in color of a 1930s trip to Germany with swastik as everywhere
But back to the discs
A look-see online tells me that they're favored by DJs and singers as a vocal and aesthetic interesting sounds like
Sookretz but as long as the disc are still licorice
Definitely preferred by me. Yes, so krets taste like crap and they don't do anything
They know the throat if you have a safe throat
Yeah, like when it's really painful to swallow that kind of a sore throat like strep
Yeah, you it's either chloroceptic or a sucretz so that you can eat something
Chloroceptic you got it in that green crap that's a great old bottle. I owe you spray it
Taste like garbage. Oh my god. Is that stuff tastes like yeah, that's it
Woo
Park Davis, Las Vegas. Well, I can't believe we solved that dilemma. Can you I believe it?
I mean, it's not as important to say as the NFL draft tomorrow, but what is
That's right nothing
So let me ask you this business question what happened the other day when the line was down
And it took them to like five and a half minutes. They got it back up again. What was that all about?
Do you ever got any answer to that story? We got any blowback on it. No, and I didn't ask
Five o'clock I came waddling in here and magically there were all the green lights and and the level the incoming level
Yeah, since I've been here in the studio since I've been here. It has never been that hot
It was all the way up into the raids it was just booming in here. Well good
Now, why do you think that is? Mm-hmm
Probably because the engineers were you know involved and they did nobody else had come in in the interim to screw it up again
Like you saw this morning when you came in right. Oh, please
And of course the obvious question is why does that go on and the answer is because management doesn't care because the sports people come in there and they come first
They know what's important come on now. That's right
Like the draft draft tomorrow
Whatever has to do with them. That's the important stuff us small potatoes like Frankie pentangely
small potatoes
That was up nicely. It's 127 points. I think if they ever change a little tiny green arrow
I don't want to watch Tony Harris by the way. He gives me spiel keys. He's an idiot
Where the hell is it come on come up with it come up put it up there you morons the down is up 123 and a half points
I think there are people out there might want to know
Know you think Rick Rowley might be living it. Yeah, that's right. Fair value is glad. Well, what's wrong with him besides being an idiot
oops
No, and next time you have suds and you want to discuss that and kill two three hours what's wrong with that man
Suds will not say a bad thing about anyone
Well, that's because he's a pushover that's why you got you know
You got 50 cent and Rick got all the big money, you know
nevertheless
Rick abused him and treated him like badly
Yep, anybody who says I was bad to the bird here's a guy who was making 50 grand a year for all the females
He could eat and sit there and cackle every 15 minutes
And he still couldn't do it. He's still had to be a male content
50 grand a year for what he used to do you saw it?
Yep, you presided over it. Yep
Do you think especially during these tough economic times in which we live most people would kill for that job
Sure would and would do whatever it took to like, you know, just who step along and do whatever they had to do
All you know how you know how tough I am to work for yeah, you're a bastard in the basket right
Oh
I'm a bastard a sweet has been jailed for attacking a cashier at a branch of a state monopoly alcohol retailer
System ball I get on the Baltic island of Uland
A 32-year-old man was sentenced to four months imprisonment on Friday by courts in Borgham on Uland and island off the coast of South Easton
The man went on trial for threatening behavior and harassment following the incident at the local
System ball I got stored in September 2008
The thirsty sweet visited the branch for the intention of buying a half dozen bottles of
something
booze
Only to discover at the cash desk that he had no means in his wallet with which to fund his purchase
As the cashier began to collect back in the bottles the man put his finger to his nostril
Blue hard and showered the hapless shop assistant with the context of his nasal pads
And it's just what we've been talking about
Wow
You thought it was a greeting, but it's not
The attack left the cashier weapon that is Ronald drinkers mucus from her chin
It is now given a reseil and appeared behind bars to reflect on the era of his aim
There's a message for all you naive people out there at least in Sweden
You can go to jail for a blow and snout on somebody
Good did you know that but we learned something today we learned about Park Davis Lawsinger's and blow and snout in Sweden
I'm not I'm not too fond of the whole sweet I was in Stockholm that one time I would never go back
Swedes are very unfriendly very uptight very abroez or oh yeah
Much of drunk that has not been my experience very suicidal. Oh, well. I'm talking about in Sweden. Oh, okay
See there's a big difference for example between the way Italian people act in the US like the Guido's in the York for example
With their cubicle and the Italians in Italy
And the same with the Swedes. I'm sure every other ethnic group
You follow what I'm saying. Mm-hmm. I don't know if the Russians in Russia are slavently and
Anti-socialist the Russians are here the ones that hang out of wood by and oh my god loud and you can't complain about their social graces
You want to know why they don't have any like the old Chinese old smelly Chinese man
Smells that could send you to hell that you just you would run
You would just get out of the seat out of wherever you are and run from it
There was a lady I would buy in a few days ago
farting next to me really not loudly, but just frequently
And odorificly whatever that means bad
I don't hear she brother here than smell it. No, I don't want to do either one
I don't mind my own farts
In fact once in a while if I'm home alone
And this is disgusting, but I'm sure I'm not the only person in the world. It's ever done it
You reach in your underwear and you pull one cheek aside so it really creates this gigantic blaster
You never done that uh, no you never have done that
Get out of here see you
You're giving a try. It's the first time in the family. Yeah, I've never had to you know my
My farts get out just fine. Oh no, yeah, this is this is a special treat
When you're laying in bed, maybe I'll have somebody do that for me
Oh, well, how's the pool coming anybody care about this pool. I don't think so no
245 votes. That's pathetic
That is pathetic
X uh X husbands and wives is winning the 47 vote
Beating out cousin. I don't I don't understand the cousin thing
Maybe a lot of people have a lot of cousins and so and then some of them are really bad
You'll ride you
I'd like to eat
Letters and peas for Michelle Obama's garden in DC
Carrots and beans
Nice healthy greens for Michelle Obama's garden naturally
She
First tasting food for the first family
That piece was fun
On the south one
In the show Obama's garden in DC
My deepest apologies operator error. That's not the cut I wanted to play I already played that yeah
The one I wanted to play was this one
Sorry, sorry, sorry mister
The liberties on the dance floor always makes her true
Of course I'm dragged into that action like a fool
It's more for women guys don't watch it. That's a rule
Oh
On day and Tuesday she is good to the TV and she insists I want to first melodies
Frankly the whole thing is as boring as can be
As I don't watch some
Then I won't get on see me see what's dancing with the stars
She makes me watch dancing with the stars
I'd rather be with my friends at the bar
Okay, here's a shocking revelation that's what the beginning of the email says I doubted okay
Greetings to you on this fine and beautiful afternoon says Oscar
Just ready to let you know I fit it listen to a portion in Georgia show and I enjoyed it
I thought he was great and really deserves his own regular show on wqa.m
I must say however I was somewhat taken aback to your meticate that the two of you as radio talk host
Our couple of complete fakes
And that word flies not to believe or take seriously anything either of you say on the year. It's right really. It's all made up
As an email. Oh, this is this jackass oscar from a server-time as British jackass. Go away you idiot
Go have some tea with a queen you queen you silly as well
Is that pathetic or what what I actually said like a real person actually said is
Something that you said a lot that is there's no way to know what we're saying is real or not and if you think that you know us from listening to the show you don't
It's a radio show that's all
I mean do we have to like really come on here and tell you the the duration of our bomb moments and stuff like it
Oh, yeah, yeah everything that we do everything where it is
Everything we touch everything we eat real and oh it's their business none of your damn business
Get a life of your own. That's what I say. I have no life. We know that
Speaking of no life Tim Jones the fake agent for a Jorge Siddano
Mm-hmm
Mr. Rogers. This is a follow-up email from the other day in reference to becoming your agent
I'm awfully busy right now, but I can squeeze you in my schedule
Please let me know what day and time is best suited for you
I have a meeting set up with Joe Bell next week and I'll bring up George Rodriguez's name
I'm pushing really hard to help him get his own show in the two to four slot
Would you be interested in joining me in Joe Bell at the meeting take care George Siddano's agent
I'll sit on a right with one end. Oh
Truly tragic. Yeah, they're gonna give George his own show. They just try to can his ass
So I'm sure that they're gonna give him his own show. Yeah any minute no
In addition with George's tremendous background and knowledge in the sports world. I really don't think that the it's in their plans. No
But nevertheless no, they're gonna put something on that old suck and fail
The now's up 128 points
Lawrence says park Davis discs
I was in my car without my phone, but you got the answer
My dad used to sell these in his pharmacy years ago
I remember them because they weren't sold over the candy counter like Ludens and Smith Brothers word. I had a stock those shelves
This isn't met as a suck up, but what's the beef that some of your ass clients have with George
He's a great counter to you while you're there and he's constantly improving and entertaining when he's sitting in for you
Even at the last minute like yesterday for example
He and Flea make a pretty good team to plus he eats on the air really well
Proud of you
Thank you if you need no day
Replacing with the beast question mark. Is it just me or does he always sound like his dentures are slipping
Where he's got him out full of food more than likely meaning the beast
He's choking on fat. Don't you understand? He's choking on his own fat. If you ever saw him he's a smooth
The fat is up to his chin
As for Jimmy Cifalist the love pouring off for him didn't help keep his restaurant and wine bar open in the grove
It's gone already replaced with another place
As much as I never liked Moe he was a good play by play guy for the dolphins
Jimmy is the first play by play guy ever caused me to fall asleep during the first quarter of the game
You suck Jimmy. They hate you. You're on the they know you stink
Just another x-jock that that's what they want if you're next jockey if you once were the uniform you're hired
That's the whole deal. That's that's America for that's broadcasting
Bunch of illiterate in articulate x-jocks
Though
Though it's way my job's in who I guess is a really hot to try to hear his name on here
Yeah, he was so he was so impatient that he sent me the same email again once is enough. Mike. I'll get to it
Want a couple of items three
One seven years ago when he went to the summer schedule. I couldn't stay in Georgia's your replacement
Since this time I think Georgia's got much more comfortable on the year and with a steady tandem with flee
That I think they're in sync, which is great. Are you in sync? Oh, yeah should hear a thing
Now I don't turn the station or the web stream off on Georgia's on two
The emails earlier about D. Fo made me think of some of the best sports shows that QM ever did
There used to be instances once or twice a year where QM would broadcast from Gulf Stream Park with D. Foe Hanken at E.K
The stories that they're plunging over the years plus D. Foe ramping off traffic to keys had me rolling each afternoon
And wanting more of the shows to bet none of the three are still there anymore
Three shameless request
Vami rack with mantis is yelling in the background his drops. Oh now he's programming the show
No, the answer is no
Give me two I have no lives and one uh, oh, yeah, like that. Yeah, all a cart. Uh-huh. Remember those
Request for specific bits with specific drop-ins dropped in it's just the appropriate moments
Oh, my god, I have no life. Yeah
That was up on 23 just keeping you abreast
Thanks for the breast vix says remember pine brothers cough drops. No
They were kind of soft and gummy you could suck on them forever
I got something I could say there, but I won't
Good
Because I can't and I shan
Boy, I sure I'll tell you one thing we sure got a lot of emails for some of them are probably left over from um Tuesday
Well good and it's already Friday. I sure like these short weeks man
And I'm sure they're gonna compensate you handsomely
We're filling the room to bring some of the sick as a dog see there you go again sick as a dog
Oh
Maybe something knows the back rather than expression sick as a dog
The stupid saying I mean I say it all the time
I've heard it all my life haven't you? Yep nobody ever says sick as a rabbit
sick as a gerbil
Sick as a fruit fly sick as a kitty cat. It's always sick as a dog
I think in my experience dogs generally speaking are pretty healthy
If they're taking care of you know, can you say?
Right. I mean they have their almence they have their things and my mother helped kill tiny you know feeding them all kinds of crap
But generally speaking compared to us. I think dogs are fairly healthy. I'm sure the White House dog is gonna
Really healthy. Oh my god. He's gonna be a pampered pooch
Still ugly though
You know
When you think Ted Kennedy would have better taste than that
Imagine
Especially on the way out you know go out and class study
Don't be given some ugly dog to the president
CJ says this is a good email
The audience this audience just can't get it through their thick ass heads that George is gonna stay on as long as you are
That's correct and that should be the end of the discussion
These emailers are getting like I'm your friend chronic caller with a constant bashing of George and you
Flea is fine when he steps in from time to time
But he has six other things to do at the station because of WQM's budget cuts
So all of you jackasses out there just shut up sit back and you're the freaking show with you truly writing about something worth reading since CJ
Then he did
I just get over it. He says CJ and dear field just get over it. No, that's no fun. No, no they want to like attack
You know critiquing attack and the hey socks you suck back
And sure beats coming up with any material. Yeah, like that first email I read it 10 o'clock this morning
What are they what exactly to say
I'm pleased please be out more often. Oh, yeah, probably please be out sick more often
In other words go to hell and die like that
As a nice greeting from the south Florida from the friendly south Floridians go to hell
Bunch of Yantes. Oh my god
And I'll tell you the driving is worse than I remembered
Yes, it is
It's not as bad as here
So you've mentioned I think the worst driving I've ever seen is in Rome Boston's very bad, but Rome
my god
And that's that that's uh just because of the system there is no system
There are a lot of roads and streets where there are no lanes there no markings on the street then yeah
And they have those little cars they drive and they're all over the road
So it's like the honor system the little Vespas, you know, what kind of a person drives a Vespah?
gate
gate uh
I'm old and slow so
This is honored. This is not a tumor. It's the one for two hour. Wow. I just got 400 bucks
And all I had to do was sit through some doggy do that's why and you can't do with cash for crap
I was so mad when my dog and all my chips from the weekend
They my friends told me about cash for crap
It's easy just pick up your dog's droppies pick out the scraps of pills and send them to us in the insured
Restores back cash for crap will wash reassemble the bills and return them to you properly
Sure, this stinks, but to me it's the sweet smell of my money
So if man's best friend cobbles his way to becoming your worst enemy
Don't panic
Cooper's scoop the loot with cash for crap
Oh, here's an attachment. I want these emails. You think I'm gonna read it? No good good thinking
Uh
Okay, let's get to this story about crap
Fist reading with that bill
Yakima Washington and I'm expected surprise and their sons back back cut some Yakima Washington parents off guard
It was human waste with the note of tension the boys teacher and the school isn't denying that's what happened
I'm still kind of in shock over this because why would somebody do this? It's disgusting
Said Jason that father the little boy
I think when you go to school. They shouldn't give you any crack. Should they know they should not not that kind
They're all started last Friday at the apple valley and the elementary where kindergarten teacher Mrs. Graham
Called Jason and told him her classroom was stinky and asked if it could possibly be his son
Jason's son has had a couple of accidents in the past so when the teacher called he said he told her right away
There was an extra set of clothing in his son's bag
But when the five-year-old came home the boy was still wearing his original outfit and Jason says his son was completely clean
It wasn't until Jason's wife emptied her son's backpack. They got a big surprise. Oh
She found a clear plastic baggy with a piece of fecal matter wrapped up in some brown paper towel with a note on it
This little chert was on the floor in my room and that's all it says
If
If this was his did she see him do this or did she follow him around make sure this was his did she see it drop out
Or just assume it was his because he had an accident a few months ago
How do you like that?
Scatlet's turd was on the floor in my room
The family doesn't have the answers Jason didn't receive a call from the school or the teacher the superintendents and email to say they were looking into it
That reminds me that tow yard turd. I got to play that yeah
Well, we just a couple of months left in the school your Jason isn't sure he wants to some to stay in class
Not only did she put our kid at risk. It's a health risk other kids too. You know on the bus said Jason
The West Valley superintendent says the district's human resources department was speaking with a teacher Mrs. Graham and the Apple Valley principal
That meeting happened Tuesday afternoon
But if this time the principal says they're still looking into the details of what happened and we'll talk with the parents further
They're looking into it. They're smelling it. They're rolling it around
passing it around and probably checking the other samples
Is it okay if I talk with my fishermen's friend and my mom? I insist. I'm sucking on one
Your a fisherman's friend. Yeah
fishermen
So George sends me this about sick as a dog
a
Whole lot of sources about this. It says the oldest of them recorded from a 1705 wow when you were just a kid
It's probably no more than attempting a force to a strongly worded statement of physical unhappiness
It was attached to a dog. I would guess it says because dogs often seem to have been linked to things considered on pleasant or undesirable
Why is that you know good the dogs
Down the years they've had an incredibly bad press linguistically speaking think of dog tired
Dog in the manger dogs breakfast go to the dogs dog Latin big dictionaries have long entries about all the ways that dog has been used in negative sense
At various times rats cats and horses have also been dragged into the expression though an odd thing is that horses can't vomit
The double you said
One 19th century writer this suggests this version was used when a person is exceedingly sick without vomiting
The
Strangest member of the set was used by Jonathan Swift in 1731 poor miss. She's sick as a cushion. She wants nothing but stuffing
What does that mean don't know I do like stuffing though
Stuffing what all carbs you know stuff stuffing. Oh, okay if it's made right now with walnuts
The modern sick is a parrot recreate
Ha ha ha ha ha
Sick is a parrot
recorded from the 1970s at one time much overused by British sportsman is the opposite of over the moon
refers to a state of deep mental depression rather than physical illness this perhaps
Comes from instances of parrots contracting
Citicosis and passing on other human owners
Citicosis I don't know what that is some British thing
I think it has to do with being pasty and silly and having brown teeth
being British
Andy in western says the phrase under the weather comes from my maritime source
In the old days when a sailor was unwell
He went down below to help his recovery under the deck and away from the weather
Ah under the weather feel better and keep up the good work says Andy in western p.s. If you can
Can you please play mr. Mo man?
Oh
Yeah
Oh
Me
I just want to make this the most of all me
I'm trying to make it one, two, crazy
You're being the best of the boys at all
It's the most of all me
When I shoot my own goal
And I could not know that
Shit, wow, wow, wow
Hey, this is all me
Please, please, be out of town
I got the door in the room
I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna
Modding sounds, the dice's not
I gotta make a popular soit
Do it, do it, do it, do it and do it
Now you
Bye
Ve righty dry
Like this
We are t touchin' trines
By pussy
This is the orange
Strange and strange
This is the orange
To me is the manger
What's going on baby?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I ain't never said no to the door.
No, I ain't never said no to the door.
No, I ain't never said no to the door.
No, I ain't never said no to the door.
I'll tell you one thing in retrospect.
Those are the days.
Those are the salad days baby.
They look really good in retrospect.
Right when you look at that rearview mirror.
The toss in the salad days.
Oh my god.
No question about it.
Like that.
The fake dog says 182 water boardings is what they did to one of those guys in Gipmo.
I heard George is going to do mornings at the ticket.
Can you handle it?
With his famous saying just this morning,
just today, just last night,
glad you feel better the fake dog.
There's another shot at George.
Another gratuitous shot.
Although the justice morning does leave me a little limp.
But nevertheless,
didn't I tell you about that?
Yeah.
Just this morning supposed to say.
Oh, I'm sorry.
267 votes is all we got on that stinking pole.
That's a bad pole.
Sucks.
Aren't you embarrassed?
No, not really.
Lee Feldman says,
what about I have to pee like a razor or what does that mean?
Well, one of the things when I had my trotters in Detroit that I discovered
was that horses will pee on cue.
Did you know that?
Yep.
And they whistle.
The trainers will whistle.
I can't whistle because I got this cold.
But like that,
and the horse will like extended sting and pee.
And boy, they pee a lot.
You know, you can like a race horse?
Oh, yeah.
They'll repeat like a race horse just this morning.
I did all night.
I got up about three times the middle of the night with my cold.
And I peed like a race horse.
So there you go, Lee.
First hand knowledge.
I've seen it.
You know what really really aggravates me about some of these emails?
No, what?
It's like the spam email.
They're sent to nobody.
I'm disclosed recipients.
You know crap like that.
Yeah.
Here is one from Bill Przenyski to William J. Przenyski.
About health.
There's just a bunch of generic crap.
And that said,
it's got nothing to do with me.
That's not even my name on it.
And yet somehow it arrives here.
How does it get here on my email?
I get so many of those from Joe Jones to Joe Jones.
Or from Meshie Puppet to like about 15 different people.
None of which I am, but it shows up on the email.
How is that happened?
I don't know.
Mr. Baseman, please tell me how that happens.
Doy to doy to doy.
Doy to doy to doy to doy.
We missed it, doy man.
See what he should have worn instead of those bad hair pieces was a doily on his head.
When that had been perfect.
Yeah.
He could have endorsed them.
You know, with all these different sports stations going on here
and everybody getting candy and all the stuff going on.
It's amazing. He doesn't wear a land anywhere.
He's on a serious thing, I guess.
But he doesn't land anywhere in town.
Isn't that shocking?
Not.
No.
Mani from Accapulco with a fake mani says,
Neal, you're turning your show into the geriatric hour.
All we hear about is snot, flim, cough drops, red eye.
No, it's pink eye. Stuff knows, etc.
Bottom line is you're an old goat who's got no business hanging out in Arctic weather.
First of all, I'm not in Arctic weather and I got sick in the summertime weather in South Florida.
Sick is a dog.
And please enough for the what does that mean and the sidekick idiot answers.
I don't know, duh, duh.
Consider moving to a warmer climate and replacing George with flea.
Of course, a seen out old man won't be able to make those obvious decisions.
PS had a great time in Cancun during my vacation.
Just try to help Mani from Accapulco.
I think Joe Bell is a lot of these people.
I really do.
I'm positive that he's a Steve Rodinero.
Positive. See the North Carolina connection?
Nope.
I mean, you know, ordinarily people would think somebody's a general manager of three radio stations
wouldn't have time to sit around and write fake emails because he should be doing managing.
But in his case, it's Friday, you bastard.
Oh, what's the problem officer?
Deploy from the vehicle.
What? What? What? What?
If you're caught driving without a seatbelt, you will be removed from your car and shot.
The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2.
The new laws in effect now, so click it or be shot.
Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders.
It's for your own protection and the never ending fight against terrorism.
Terrorist acts such as mouth noise.
Perpping.
And fighting.
But be annoying to others. So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants.
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot.
It's the law.
The law.
We like saying that.
The law.
The law.
The law.
The law.
The law. The law is up.
Hump, Hump 134.
I'm in coherent from these, whatever these are.
How do I frame? How many frames?
Here's one from the usual phone number in Vancouver.
You know that area code Vancouver?
Always taking the shots. Always, sorry.
Why would somebody in Vancouver, or at least pretending to have a Vancouver phone number, be listening to the show one and two, uh, give me a song of dance?
I don't know. Maybe it's boring there.
You complained that you didn't see anything new went down there, but didn't go anywhere new?
You expect something new to magically sprout in your backyard and your retirement community?
I don't live in a retirement community. How do you like that?
Schmuck.
If you haven't been in Dave County in 15 years, just walk down Lincoln Road, brickle Sunday hours.
You won't recognize any of it. Well, goody go. I'm glad you're happy there. I'm real happy here.
Okay.
Because I'm not around people like you.
I'm real happy. I mean, you know, life isn't perfect, but then again, there's no such thing as perfect, right?
Right. I mean, your life is perfect, but that's right.
Perfect misery.
Pete the chronic member, Pete my old board op. Sure.
He says, I've been battling the same meaning in the crud.
Also, I've listened to Baba. He's better than still old Paul.
I'll tell you one thing. Paul kicked his ass in the, we'll see how it floats when the book comes out next Thursday, right?
See if the boat floats.
And he's in a bitter lawsuit battle with clear channel and Todd Schmidt, but a low sponge.
Anyway, he was mentioning radio personalities who were not afraid to go against the grain.
And he said, you were one of the best had a pair of balls, not a P and didn't take crap.
It was nice hearing that instead of all the other jackasses, feel better.
Let's talk hockey playoffs. A. No, it's not.
Ranges. Ranges.
I'm rooting for them young hot black hawks, baby.
I think they're tied with Calgary to games of peace. Aren't they? I believe with the Calgary flames.
Saving.
Maggie says very happy to hear you're all better. Did I say I'm all better?
I don't think that's what you said. Do I sound like I'm all better? No.
Jesus God. I don't sound too bad now. No, do I? All bitter. Maybe not.
I'm working my way through it. I'm bitter. Yes. Sick as a dog.
The draft there was a whole other story. It's like Christmas morning. She says have a great weekend.
It's like Christmas morning.
Maybe whoever the dolphins draft, they're going to put a bow around them and Maggie's going to open up the bow and like, oh, look at that.
Look at that thing.
I'd like to draft Levi Johnson for my team, especially as Johnson and Johnson.
Cornell and Miami, one of our dark, complex listeners, one of the five or ten.
He says glad to hear your feeling better. George did a great job as usual while you were out.
I know what you mean about that bug. It had me on my ass for about a week.
Overman city, we donate $1,000 for every second that Sean Hannity went through a waterboarding.
I say, add, rush, let me take a pill and Billy O's silly ass to the mix and make it must see TV.
He said I'd buy that for a dollar. He donated a book. 60 seconds worth.
George would have put in a couple grand. Sure.
I think instead of that, what you were saying this morning about the I'm going to send you a check.
Instead of that talent fee thing, you were talking.
Okay, because it'll wind up being a lot more than what you were going to get out of that.
I imagine. Well, there you go. Why would you imagine? You know how much it is? Maybe it's 50 cent.
You don't know what I'm imagining. Maybe it's a couple grand.
And especially for filming the breach this week.
See, I'm not one of those unappreciative bastards who just takes everybody and everything for granted.
Like they say, like that. I don't want to mention any names who always blame the board office for their failures.
Always trying to blame somebody else for their neck to do.
Yeah, there's a pair for her and him. How many producers did he can before we finally got shoved out the door himself?
100. Old listener Clemente says I've been listening to your show since 1994.
I've noticed that your stick is getting old. I don't want to get you offended, but please change your format.
I'm getting tired. Well, if you're getting tired, old listener, lay down and die.
Is my best suggestion to please change your format. Change your shorts too.
Yeah, change your attitude. Are you sure? Yeah.
There's the new format four hours a day.
Next Thursday's D day, man. We'll come out. Wow. A lot of pressure. Can you feel it? Can you smell it?
I smell something. Maybe it's that backpack. Blackie says, need.
I don't want to be labeled a chronic, but I was curious about this Steve Rondonero.
As it turns out, Rondonero was involved in the radio business in North Carolina back in the 90s.
That got me thinking, isn't Joe Bell from North Carolina? I wonder if he worked with Rondonero.
I'm sure that's Joe Bell's also the fake rent Videl.
You know how Joe is always trying to insert himself into the show and get himself in Vami, you know what I'm saying?
Yep. This is just another way of doing it.
I think that Joe Bell is the fake emailer calling himself Steve Rondonero.
I'm just trying to do my civic duty to help out your great show and uncover these fakers. This is Blackie.
Good job, Blackie. I think you're on to something or on something.
General manager making crank emails. Oh my, he's probably also, I'm your friend. He's probably that one too.
Ron Ziegler.
Remember that Ron Ziegler who is the oppressor could you hear for Dick Nixon? Remember him?
No.
You know what? No.
He's not a real Nazi. Real Nazi.
But he never did say, I'm your friend. I don't think David says WFTL broadcast every Yankee game 640.
790 Waxie broadcast of margins. I was wondering if you're going to look into your book and find out which has a better rating with their arms at the same time.
Thank you. By the way, can you loan me $50? And the answer that is your could know.
I'm sending Georgia big check or a small one.
I got a lot of expenses, man. Paco had a little smack with a little smack with the wall with the Mercedes yesterday.
That's cool.
Come home and I can't bitch him out because remember my wall smack with the Corvette.
Yep. That was just shortly after I bought it up here.
It's great that maybe I'm really bad. But my cab guy has got a body shop buddy guy that's got a body shop.
Does fabulous work and doesn't suck me an arm and a leg.
So the Sanford and the show what what how lucky I am.
My cab my regular cab guy was just a fantastic guy and a great friend. He's done a lot of good stuff for me over these years.
He's going to take the Mercedes to the because it's way way out way out of town.
Because I'm ill and I don't want to drive follow him all the way over there and drop the curl.
He's going to take it there and then come back with an a cab and I'm going to pay him.
Isn't that good thinking? Excellent. So I can lay down, soak my head.
I mean, I got the big bucks. I got a me on 20 bucks left. That was up on 47. See that? I see it.
Do I want to read this thing about fan apathy still a problem for the Marlins? I don't know. Fapathy? It's so.
I don't know. I only put it at the bottom of my pile.
And so it's so obvious. It's so restated. I've been talking about it for a hundred years.
Build a new stadium for a team that nobody cares about just like the Panthers.
The only thing that saved the Panthers was that one Phantom season with the trips of the Stanley Cup finals.
If it wasn't for that, the Panthers would have been out of South Florida years ago.
That's the only thing that finally convinced people to build that thing in the Broward.
I mean, that thing in no.
Bugsie says what? No horse pick today. I got money. Where's the money? Sorry. That's all over with.
They're at Calder now. In case you haven't checked.
Here's one. Neil, glad you're back. Did you receive the email I sent about Ms. Fudge the other day?
I'll resend it. I saw it. It's not worth reading. It was about 10,000 words.
And nobody cares about Matt Fudge anymore.
Also, I used to enjoy Phil Henry the WIOD days, but tuned him out when he turned it away rapid bush liquor.
So I did a quick Google search. One thing led to another. I found complete MP3 downloads of his show on iTunes.
Mostly political now, but pro Obama strange. He did make excuses for Bush when challenged by email and callers weird.
I think insincere is the word you're looking for. I pal Tim.
And it goes on. It says his voice sounded a little off like he had a stroke or something.
Hope he didn't, but that would explain a lot of things. I don't know. I don't know. How's that TV show coming? Oh, here's the fake Greg Budell.
Tell George. I'm sorry. Joe. See what I mean? Yeah. Joe Bell is the fake Greg Budell and the fake G.A.
It's Friday, you bastard.
I'm not going to miss here. It's straight in with voice.
Now I'll have to get deeper in that closet again. So I can impress all the macho friends.
Check out Chris more at night to help the pales aside.
Yeah, there ain't nothing like having macho sports guys as voice and that's the fraction.
They were 12 years old. Yeah, they're like that. Yeah, stand up real close to the radio.
Press it on. Get their voices on up there. Really makes my balls. Take the lead.
And that crow, man. He's smarter than my infrared brother. Yeah.
132, a Q. I. M. I'm positive that Joe Bell is a whole bunch of the fakes.
That would have been one from the fake Steve. I got the whole biography of Steve Rodinero boy.
Maybe Joe is going to elope with Steve Rodinero. We can only pray for that. Wouldn't that be sweet? Sweet.
Oh, I was also going to say draft this. But I better not. You're making light on that draft tomorrow.
Starting it to this afternoon, we're going to be dragged intensive through forever. Can you imagine?
No.
Kerry sent me this thing about agnostic and alcoholics anonymous. Did you get this? No. Well, I'll save it.
Okay. Save it for rainy day. Very long. He's an alcoholic and an agnostic.
How can you join? Well, I guess he tells him the thing. That's just so long.
We all got our thing. You know, me. It's the slot machines. Terry's got his booze problem.
George's got his wife. I mean, here's one from Robert. He says, I've been a big fan of yours for many years.
I'm going to be getting married soon. Oh, you'll love this. It would mean a lot to me if you could attend.
You're right. Of course, I realize there are many reasons why that might not be possible.
You're currently living out of the country. I wouldn't know anyone there. I couldn't manage to book the Jonas Brothers.
You are quite elderly and traveling might be dangerous for a diabetic like you. I'm quite elderly. And why you are invited.
I couldn't afford to feed your legion of Mexican admirers. So if you don't come, I can understand.
Assign blank check will suffice. Thanks in advance. Rob. Well, good luck to Rob.
I'm ready. George says all you idiots that are getting married. It's not too late now.
You're going to be really sorry when they start playing that song by Cornelius Brothers and sister Rose.
Oh, ladies. Everybody get married. Please. It's a great thing. Do it. Why do you say that?
Huh? But now is that 125 points. Joe judge says granted Susan. Oh, this is a great thing.
I'm using Joe who's an ass clown. Granted Susan Boyle's rendition of I dream to dream was not as outstanding as they're making out to be.
But her song selection and her admiration for a great musical far exceeds the putrid schlock you call music.
Aerosmith sucks and will always suck. Yes, he's sure a lot better than aerosmith. Such classic smit like dude looks like a lady.
Almost every song that's considered popular by them is pure unadelrated garbage. Stick to comedy and leave the music
with taking to George at least he has slightly better taste says Joe. Hey Joe.
Don't be a beaten Joe would end with aerosmith now.
Nothing I got a big boom bokeh. Purple. You're polka dots.
Oh boy. Oh boy. God. How'd you like to have to talk this baby? Yeah. Okay.
Anybody doesn't like aerosmith their tastes in their tockus when it comes to music. Okay. Aerosmith is one of the great groups of all time.
Is there any doubt about that? I wonder are you with me. Yeah.
Cliff and Kendall says brides who's guest over winning sex see that that email is like so many others just a ballbuster.
Whatever I say I'm wrong. You know, whatever you say you're wrong. It's just just a bunch of sour nasty rotten bastards. That's all old dirty bastard.
Cliff and Kendall says brides who's guest over winning sex. A New York woman is filed a lawsuit against a wedding guest who allegedly announced during the ceremony.
She'd been having an affair with the groom in the York Post says what a bitch.
Sandrina and Harold Perdon both 31 went last September in the South Ozone Park in neighborhood in Queens.
In a civil suit filed in Queens Supreme Court, Sandrina Portem claims that guest Joyce Fitch who was hair over the
world's boss at the time ruined her special day with an out person in which he allegedly touched a drink on another guest and poked it right in the chest while making the stunning claim.
Joyce Fitch, just a coincidence. This one in New York. Yeah. The name is the same. And the same altitude.
Brandon sent me this on Tuesday. See it's a good thing I saved all this crap from earlier in a week. Yeah. Well, here's another one about the bubble.
Bubba loves bunch gave you big props this morning. They were talking about the murderer. Top Tom Miz Anthony and he said you were a real radio guy with balls in old school who would not let management hamstring him for parody songs.
He was a Boolean in his praise of Neil God's is Jeff. Well, thank you Jeff. He's an abullion guy and an abullion guy. Remember the abullion guy. Oh, talk about an ass clown. The abullion guy. That's all you ever had to say. Another to say. This is the abullion guy.
All these people with their labels. You know what I mean? Yep. I'm the fill in the blank. I'm the guy. Richie from Boris head. What's in the Jets, the Jets fan.
Martha Jets fan. Oh, there you go. And don't forget old. What's his name that calls Joe everyday? Stormcat Stormcat. I've got a mental block on stormy.
Fort Peer stabbing and revolved around permission to use the bathroom police say a 26 year old man accused of stabbing another man after that man let his girlfriend use the led stabber's bathroom.
It's facing a felony charge. One Diaz was arrested on aggravated battery with a deadly weapon charge a connection with an incident 336 Saturday morning.
The victim told police that he and his girlfriend went to Diaz's home when the girlfriend headed to the restroom Diaz got upset at him for letting her use his bathroom and stabbed the victim's arm in face. How do you like that? See it? He stabbed him in the arm and push. That'll learn him.
The victim went a small cut on the face and a big slash on his right arm tried to use a plastic chair to defend himself and took the knife from Diaz. Diaz also had a stab wound with his arm said the victim cut him.
Diaz explained that when he drinks with his friends he's not allowed to speak about what happens. Asked about the cuts on the victim Diaz said the victim must have cut himself and blamed it on Diaz. The victim's your he cut himself. Right happens all the time. Right.
How do you arm? Sure. Every week. The victim's girlfriend said Diaz made a derogatory comment to her. She left the bathroom and said I'm next. The affidavit said she left and see the confrontation.
What's worse the turn in the backpacks story or this one? That would have to think about it.
Diaz said he left the bathroom and said he left and see the confrontation.
Diaz said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left the bathroom and said he left
they all are around
they are all around
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
I'm gonna go to the next one.
There.
145 or QA and we got all the draft craft come.
I mean, this stuff coming up at two o'clock starting.
They're gonna be really draft and daft intensive.
You know, something I was thinking about during the last break.
About the jolly joebell era.
Yeah.
I mean, Joe Rose has been on the station.
I mean, you know, two or three different stints and always in the past very successful.
Mandys has been on the station longer than I have.
And in the past, always extremely successful.
Correct.
I've been on the station eleven and a half years.
Almost always number one in the market.
Night times we used to have an EK head, you know, a number that was over zero.
Celebrable.
Every single day part has been destroyed by this current regime.
Everyone.
Am I right?
How can I argue?
I think it was a pin.
All of a sudden one day, Joe Rose near Rogers, you manage and whoever else is on here.
And we all woke up and lost it.
Is that possible?
No, it's not possible, but unlikely.
It's possible.
It's within the realm.
But obviously, Maryland says, I can only listen to your program in archives so I beg for your intelligence on this matter.
I've always treated your inside radio, rancid as part of the show.
But when I heard Monday, what Joe Bell wanted to do to George, I realized that this man is the embodiment of the Antichrist.
When you can dismissively, without so much as an afterthought, decide to end someone's ability to have a livelihood.
The depths of the gravity this man is willing to descend knows no bounds.
I can only wish that he's in a medical study for pain.
He gets the placebo and dies a wicked, horrible, painful death with bloody diarrhea, a deep bag that he is.
Thanks, Maryland.
What do you really think?
Well, at 17 degrees, it's going to be 20.
And tomorrow, 27.
Do you understand what 81 degrees?
Now, that's not a big deal down there.
When I was there, it was around 80 every day.
It was beautiful.
And today, it's sunny and beautiful here at that time.
I'm not going to lie to you, man.
The winter sucks.
And this was the longest and nastiest winter since I've been up here.
God, just never want to end.
Just went on and on and on.
Do you think there ought to be a law that, by a certain date, that it gets to a certain temperature?
Let's pass a law.
Sure.
And when we open up the window and look outside, there's like snow and wind and freezing.
Say, oh, it's the law.
Like that.
This fact that you sent me is a scary from Ed.
I like to share it.
It says that it's scary.
I'm an ass-clown atheist.
George, please, facts to Neil.
I'm a French Canadian living here in South Florida 29 years.
American citizen for 21 years.
I just want to tell you that I also hate the F and frog Canadians they suck.
The F and frog.
Yeah.
I listened to you for 20.
I love you and George Ed.
Thanks Ed.
Get some health.
What was he talking about the frog?
Oh, Jeff DeForest.
The fake Jeff DeForest is on back.
Great.
Had to step out for a while.
Couldn't listen to anyone asking for me?
No.
Anyway, I'm back.
So please carry on.
Why don't we put the closet way and be friends, Jeff?
We never have been friends.
And never going to be friends.
Jeff, fake Jeff.
It's not that I ever just liked him.
I just found him strange and un-listenable.
Other than that?
And paranoid.
I absolutely want to puke.
Kind of like Greg Budell.
Only Greg is more fearful that everybody hates him, which they do.
DeForest also thinks that most everybody hates him.
But that everybody is out for his job.
Whatever job he's got at the moment, he thinks everybody wants it like Rimmer.
Remember that Rimmer episode?
Yep.
Just move on.
Just move on.
Yeah, move on.
Between the two of them.
I don't hear from Rimmer anymore.
Oh, yeah.
Looking you?
Yeah.
It's not that I dislike Rimmer, but he's annoying.
He'll call you when he's bored.
And he has nothing to say.
Like a chick.
And then like, so he wants to meet a controller conversation.
And he called me.
I'll say to him once and a while.
You called me.
What's up?
Yeah.
Entertain me.
Come on.
What's the point?
That's right.
Kill some time in his life.
Say something funny.
McDonald's hefty new Angus burger.
Appears to be said for a national rollout this fall, possibly for the summer.
But one franchise he said it may not be a permanent fixture on the menu.
McDonald's court began testing the third pound burger in March 2007 in Southern California.
Later in New York and Columbus, Ohio, speaking of Rimmer.
The Oakburg-based fast-moved giant plants to make the Angus part of its national monopoly promotion in October,
according to an internal McDonald's document obtained by the Chicago Tribune.
McDonald's runs the promotion based on the board game each fall.
One McDonald's franchise either climbed to speak for attribution because he wasn't authorized to discuss the launch or dinner.
Said the Angus rollout will likely come sooner.
The Anus rollout.
Rollout.
The Anus remember that song?
Yeah.
I don't know exactly what by leave it in the summertime frame he said.
And McDonald's spokeswoman said the company doesn't comment on the speculation.
The franchise he also said he doesn't believe the Angus will be a core man.
You might have made McDonald's, but instead be a promotional product.
It's not the big Mac.
He said that, well, I tell you it's a lot better to me than the big Mac by far.
The Anus may end up being like the Macrib and other classic McDonald's promotional product.
Said, Dick Adams, a consultant McDonald's franchise.
The Macrib sells especially well when it's advertised heavily, but not much when it's not.
Then again, Adam said if the Angus does well, it's a national rollout.
McDonald's could leave it on the menu permanently.
They give you a big tease.
I don't know why all these franchises do that.
They give big tease.
People like it and then all of us.
All we don't have that anymore.
Arby's is famous for that.
Years ago they had some really great sandwich.
I know it's hard to believe, but they really did.
And then all of a sudden before you know gone.
Just like that.
Just like that.
Let's take a look at the boy.
I don't know how the hell I made it.
I'm going to pet myself on the back at two o'clock.
Aren't you pleased that I didn't say, hey George, you're on again today.
As punch.
Oh, here's the whole thing about my music phase to say that you two sucks is just idiotic.
I think they suck.
I can't stand you two.
They make me they give me spielkeys.
How many times is the fake time jick are going to send me the thing about Randy,
which I started a show with today was on top of that before anybody in the universe, except for I guess.
And the fake time jick keeps sending me this thing over and over and over again.
And of course the thing that people want to know I guess who are fans of hers is she going to be on in South Florida, like an IOD,
which is the chief channel of talk station.
Right.
Is there any information on that?
No.
Anybody giving me any enlightenment?
No.
Like that.
Nothing.
So thank you.
Thanks a lot, shake time for thanks for nothing.
What?
You're the thing to kneel Roger.
It's day oh in Miami town.
I have five six o WQ and Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan,
It's in the last two years.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, I'm bowing on my knees so I can wear that one.
I'm the person in my soul and my soul.
I pray for a painful death to take in USA.
I'm the nature that you must act in the sky.
In the sky, on your next night.
I want you to die today.
I'm Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
I love his proud of me.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
I find no brainlessly with no freedom for you and I.
Bao bao bao bao, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
I want you to celebrate.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
I love him.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
Bao bao bao bao.
