560 WQAM presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil, dial 56050560 in
Dade and Broward. In other counties, call toll free 877785 Neil or pound 560
on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones. The opinions expressed by Neil, his
guests or his collars, do not represent those of WQAM management staff or
sponsors of now the Neil Rogers Show on 560 WQAM.
I hate this place, nothing works here. The medications on work. I've been here for
seven years. Nothing works here. I hate this place. Nothing works here. The
medications on work. I've been here for seven years. I hate this place. Nothing
works here. Okay, let's get into these calls right away QAM. Good morning. 9, 5, 4, 4, 6, 1, 0, 8.
Uh oh. WQAM. Hello. Joe Rocho. Hello. Yes. Is Joe is it over? Is what over?
Joe Rocho. This call. Yeah, this calls over. Is it over? Oh my God. See how
it's like it can you be? And I knew it was for Joe. Let's see if Lionel
Evans for Joe or for me. Joe Rocho. Hello. Yeah. Do we have time for any more
bits on the helmet? How much do you want to bid? 550. 550. What are we going to do
with this call? Uh, Flea? Hang on. We'll have somebody pick you up. Okay. Okay.
Okay. We'll have somebody pick you up. Hold on. It's on Lionel 11. Okay. Would it be
something if the winning bid on that thing winds up on this show? Well, wouldn't
it be a feather in my cap? That'd be awesome. That would really be something. That
would be compelling. I'll tell you that. Well, here it is. It's a Thursday. We got
Flea in the room down there and he's oh boy, bitchy this morning. Nothing works. Oh,
yeah. I played that just for you. Thank you. And it makes me feel so much better
about life than I'm not not the only one fetching and moaning. Oh, gee. The phones
don't work. Nothing works. I don't want to say it was like a little bit of a premature
evaluation. This whole move operation, but oh boy, it was not like you say in
the estate business well done. Am I correct? You are absolutely correct. Absolutely
correct, sir. I have no life. Absolutely correct, sir. Well, we're doing the best we
can. Flea will be on next week with Judge Curtis. I'll be on vacation. And then
when after that, then it's going to be the summer schedule, which I'm not giving up.
Oh, no, I'm so disappointed to hear that. Who's going to pick up that line 11 as somebody
connected maybe Zach? Well, I just I just text Zach. I can't I can't see him. So I just
text Zach W. Cranx. Hey, Zach, pick up line 11. Have they got the same lines in there
that we got or different lines? Yeah, I have no idea. I don't think so. I think it's
different. Yeah, I think their lines are all five six seven, but he should be able to
pick up line 11, I think. Pick up line 11, Zach, if you can if it's blinking in there.
Zach W. Cranx who start to look like a movie star now is what I'm hearing. Is he is
he starting to look like a movie star? Well, I guess Dom De La Wee is with a movie star,
wasn't he? Oh, wow, what a shot. That was good. See your your lines are much better
when you're like cost can hostile like me. Yeah, come up with much better material.
Dom De La Wee is and the who's the other guy that I keep forgetting his name? The
Cajun Chef. No, no, not though Paul Prudon. Yeah, that's even worse than who I was thinking
of. WQ I am. Hello. No change. Now, what was that feedback all about? Oh, I don't know.
That call was coming from inside the building. It's inside the house and get out of there
right away. Remember when a stranger calls? He didn't see when a stranger calls with Charles
Durning. Hang on, I'm sorry. I got like five people talking to me at once. Oh boy. What?
Let's put it on the year. Let's have a little confab on the year. Let the audience
into whatever the hell is going on. We got the big Oat to a clock this afternoon. Jim
Mandage, Mr. Manwitch at four o'clock. And then at seven we got high school gridiron
report. Wow. From seven to wait, then eight to nine we got D and then we got the NBA
finals game before nine o'clock tonight, which I could care less about. I'm not going
to pretend to care about it, whether it's the finals, the semifinal. I don't care. Whether
it's the first game in history, I used to go to NBA when we had the Rochester Royals
a hundred years ago. Less Harrison was the coach of the royals. Are those five people
out of there yet or what? Now they are a vet just left. Although she could have stayed.
She's hot. You know, before the Rochester Royals, which used to be in the NBA and then they
became the Cincinnati Royals were Oscar Robertson played. Before the Rochester Royals, they
were the Rochester Siegrams. And in the 40s, my uncle, Mugsie Solomon was one of the
first coaches of that team. Did you know that? Mugsie, huh? Yeah, he was a bookie. Mugsie
Solomon, a bookie named Mugsie. Wow. What? A bookie named Mugsie. Yeah, how unusual. He
was a good guy. Mugsie Solomon. And then he married this big schick sir at any rate.
You know, he sounds, he sounds tough with a name like Mugsie, but then you get the Solomon
and it's not so. Yeah, he was definitely not a tough guy. He was like Pudgy, you know,
like me, fat and Pudgy. WQA M. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, Lauren. Hey, Neil,
this guy is free. He stinks, man. Yes, think this every year. Call a call again in a month.
Okay, every day you're called, say the same crap. Get some material. Go out in the woods and look
around. Find you some material. Nobody's picking up line 11 yet. I sure hope that guy was not
for real. Is anybody picking it up or doing something with it or what? Well, Zack said he did
pick it up. I don't know what's going on now. Oh, mate. Well, are you still there? Yeah. Hold on,
please. I guess he's still I'll get his name and number during the break. Yeah, you do that,
please. Do that for a Joe and for daily food bread bank. Yeah, because it's a good cause.
Daily bread, food bank. Whatever, however that goes. Okay, let's get into it. I didn't realize
we'd be taking so many calls right away. The phone is still screwed up badly by the way, but
we are told that one of these days the phone company is going to get it all worked out and the lines
will roll over and they'll all ring and it'll be like a real radio show. Is that what we were told?
Oh, yeah. You're equipping on the other hand is really screwed up. Oh, it's great.
I was dropping F bombs left and right this morning. Really? Yeah, that's true. When you first came
in here, they were all over the place. I was a little fired up. Why not? Too bad we weren't on the air.
We got a long vacation. Yeah, permanent long vacation. Richard Orlando says, don't the last two
choices on the pull overlap? Well, what's he talking about? Unless it was created by God, religion is
man-made, is insurance for the scared and is a pile of crap. Well, I don't know what you're talking
about, Richard, but it's a pile of crap. He says, my alternative is to wear asbestos underwear. Yeah,
if you go to hell, you better be wearing some asbestos underwear. The thousand seventy seven points. We
ended on a really good note yesterday. And you're saying today that you're pretty sure it was PD
Lenny wrote that hostile, hateful email? I'm just referring back to his writing style of emails.
Because you said yesterday, after George said that he was sure it wasn't, you said, oh, no,
that wasn't him. I wouldn't think he would take a shot at George. That's why. Oh, I thought they
were buddies. Well, a lot of people think that they're buddies and then they find out, oh, maybe not,
maybe not behind my back. PD Lenny, it was the ramblings of a disturbed individual. And if anybody
I know in that place is really deeply disturbed, that's one of them. Right. Well, let's see how we
wound up with yesterday's poll. Thousand and twenty six votes on the poll. What would happen if George
and Neil were on different stations at the same time? Now, before I get into the poll result, let me ask
you, which line do you like better? Neil is mailing it in or he hasn't really tried in years,
which I guess a little bastard used two nights ago, which, which cliche is better?
I mean, it is so cliche. I think I would go with the other one. He haven't tried in years. Well,
what would happen if George and Neil were on different stations at the same time? I'd listen to
Neil 502. I'd switch back and forth depending on my mood, 236, who cares as long as George makes
his 75 grand 143? It would be stupid, 66. I'd listen to George 54. And it would make for fun
ratings book days 25. I remember when rating bookstays used to be fun before this new method,
but I'm not going to talk about it again because oh, geez, not more in the week. Please. Oh, boy. Yeah,
that's right. I'm not getting into it. The guy's still on hold by the way in line 11. Yeah, I'll
think about once we go to break. Oh, once we go to the break, well, or I can turn my mic off and
take him up now. If you want. Yeah, that would be nice. Okay. Please. Because the guy, you know,
I've, is maybe sincere. Maybe it's a legit offer. And the guy's going to get really disenchanted
about holes forever. He's trying to do a good thing. Here's the current pool. And this is an
oldie we've done it a couple of times. I realize that. But you people aren't sending any new polls in.
And if you think that me at my advanced stage, my feeble old mind, I'm going to come up with new polls.
Forget about it. I mean, you know, once in a while, religion is blank. A bunch of crap 109,
a man made crutch for weak people 103. Not very important in my life. 75 moderately important
in my life. 56 and very important in my life, only 32 out of 375. We don't have the
get skis out there. That's our problem. Yeah. Oh, you already done with that guy? Yep.
And what was just online 12? I think I accidentally put that one on hold. Oh my god,
that was scary. I thought maybe Dave Johnson was calling it a redo the Belmont pick.
You might want to hear his Dave's. Oh, summer bird. I like that one. I think he's got a shot. Yeah.
That's what we're going to start doing from now on. We're going to do the triple count perks after the race.
I told you years and years ago, back in Michigan, back in Detroit. I had a friend, a goofy guy,
went to college with a Michigan state. He and his brother were the ones that got me to go into the
track the first time, Hazel Park. Fall of 1960, I want to say. And the first horse I ever bet on
was a horse called El Dorajenko driven by the late Don McLean. It was number nine. I bet two
dollars to show and he won the race. And I collected two dollars and sixty cents. Nice.
And anyway, so I started going to the track with this guy, John Sobel.
And after every race, he had the winner. I told him the seven. I told him. After every race,
he and before the race, he would talk about every horse. I think I like the three. The fours
got a good shot. And then after the race, I told you, you know, like that, what happens when you
walk up to the window and say that? I told you this said, and nothing. Oh, I got so many stories,
but nobody cares about racing. I went to Jackson Raceway one night to bet on a horse named
Buckydale driven by my favorite driver, 70 year old Francis O'Hare. And I went there with a
college friend of mine named Don Meldrum, also from Detroit. And Meldrum was one of those guys who
always knew better than everybody else about everything. And I'm getting ready to go to the
window. I'm losing my ass that night. And we finally get to the race with Buckydale. I'm going
on to bet 50 to win in 50th place. And the horse is like, Oh, I don't know, seven to one,
sixteen dollar horse. And I'm just on the way to the window. And he comes running over,
oh, did you bet yet? I said, no, good. Because the one teller told me it's a boat race and the seven
is going to win. And I listened to him. And instead of betting my Buckydale, I bet the seven,
50 to win a 50 to play. The seven, by the way, still running. This was 40 years ago.
45 years ago. And of course, Buckydale won a race and paid sixteen dollars. There's a long
ride home back to a Kalamazoo, by the way. I bet. And sixteen dollars back then, it's probably
like five grand today. No, not like five grand, but sixteen bucks is a pretty good price, you know.
And 50 and 50 would have been, I don't know, a few hundred bucks. Oh, they just told me it's a
boat race. The seven's going to win. Yeah, boat. Get the ores out, Meldrum, you jackass.
Oh boy, those college days, they're really something else.
Then we had one kid from Owaso, Michigan. I don't remember his name. He had never seen a Jew before.
Yeah, wow. Al, something from Owaso, Michigan. I never saw a Jew. And when he discovered I was Jewish,
oh my God, he just went nuts. And then he started deciding that I looked like his uncle or something
who he hated like poison. He kept trying to smother me with a pillow. Every time he'd come into our room
in the dorm, he would like, you're a pillow. Wow, you look like uncle, uncle, whatever, uncle,
Shmendrick. Isn't it amazing how people live these cloistered lives? All the pens, it's just the
look of the draw where you're born and who your parents are and et cetera. Where you go to school to
kind of people you're hang with. It's all just blind luck. Got a few emails here, not too many. And I
know no long magnificent compelling emails like yesterday. Boy, at the beginning of the show,
we had some really heavy duty crap yesterday. Nothing from John Manelli today, by the way. No follow-up.
Oh, it's a shame. Yeah. I wish they could maybe we could make that a regular feature every day.
Who's gonna get Ricky a blow?
Working to play with poop, but not wanting to shut down your local light rail system.
Try poop dough. From the makers of Play-Doh,
whoop dough brings the fecal fun once enjoyed only by psychotic homeless people to the comfort of your
home. You can bounce it down the floor like a ball and follow the brown dots to find it. Or
flatten it out, press it on a newspaper and watch the image disappear in a defecate smear.
Oh, it's endless fun for everyone.
It's fecalicious, available in three colors, back door brown,
dysentery dirt, and Montezuma's revenge.
You know, here I am at my advanced age and I just think and I've never had in my lifetime
any fecal fun. Really? Have you? I guess it depends what you mean by fun. Yeah.
Long time Lister Bob says, if WQM's management had allowed you to air the tap to show you
did two to three years ago, then your ratings would still be number one. As we know,
and he says I was in the radio business for 18 years plus, ratings translates to income.
If WQM had the income your show could generate, then there'd be no reason for staff cuts or pay
adjustments. Your situation is what happens when people have no idea how particular type of
business any businesses run are put in charge. It'll be interesting and I feel a little scary
to see how non-automotive people mess up the auto industry.
Yeah, the one guy GM there says he does know anything about cars. Do you see that?
I thought somebody would be like somebody in our room placing,
hey, I know nothing about radio. Joyce?
Well, at least would be honest on her part.
Says you only hope us to hang in and hope that somehow real broadcasters will gain control
of WQAM. And you'll be allowed to air the show you know works. A long time Lister Bob.
Well, thanks Bob. Thanks for the sentiments, but the idea that real broadcasters are going to
take control of this place is most amusing at best. Fones were bringing pretty good there at the
beginning and all of a sudden they've like leveled off. Now, you know what might be really
captivating and interesting? What's that? Not compelling, but interesting is if you would look
at those stats you've got there and see how many people were listening online at 9 a.m. and then
now like at 10 a.m. Okay, give me a second. I'll get that out. Okay, and speaking of that of
WQAM.com today's Thursday, which means at noon, we got our neildial coming up. We got the hard rock
half-aided day. Yeah, I'm excited. And we have not 100 certificates, but we got 125. How
that happened? I don't know, but that's okay. Because they'll sell out fast. These are 50s for 25 bucks.
We got 125 of them at noon today. Okay, at 8 a.m. there is 139 people listening online at wqam.com
and currently there are 343. 139 to 343. That's a lot more than double. Yeah.
That's like two and a half times as many. Now how's that possible if they got like a 3, 4 in
a morning and we got a 0.00. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah, like that. Something is suspect there. Something
is wrong. Something is very terribly wrong. Do you know any consulting engineers? No.
They still have such people, right? I would think so. There used to be a guy in Michigan by the
name of Hal Munn, who is a real religious nut. He owned a station in Hillsdale, Michigan,
the own a station in a cold water and one in Ipsilanti. I worked in Ipsilanti for him for about two
weeks with Johnny meter. Ipsilanti, Michigan. Now there's a place. Wow. You ever been Ipsilanti?
No. Don't. It's from Detroit, like West of Detroit on the way back to like, you know,
Lansing or Kalamazoo or somewhere like where there might be human people. Ipsilanti. What a
whore. What a toilet. And I interviewed Bert Larr at Kmart at Ipsilanti station.
And I got to be honest with the other than the cowardly lion in Wizard of Oz, I, you know,
and the fact he was a comic, I didn't know anything about Bert Larr. But the interview went well.
That went okay. And that's something when you're sent out like as an assignment to interview
somebody you don't know anything about them. Yeah. Hey, go out and interview Moishi Pupig today
hit two this afternoon about what? Oh, whatever. You know, come up with some interesting questions.
Bert Larr, he must have been close to death back then. He looked like it. WQAM, hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning to you. I've been out the loop for about two weeks. Can you
give me an update on where our friend Mr. Rodriguez is working? He's not working anywhere yet.
That's very unfortunate. Yes, yes, it is. Hopefully he'll pop up somewhere and when he does, I will be
tuning into him as well as you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. Tata. Tata. Then he's
a little on the bridge side there. A little bit. A little constipated in British. 139 people
listening online at 8 a.m. and 343 at 10. Wow. That sounds more in line with like what the old
diaries used to say. You know, those really inaccurate diaries are all the need these would wire
them for me because they liked me so much, etc. and so on. Isn't that amazing? All those years that
went by and nobody had any complaints about that system. Everything was just hunky-dory just fine.
I mean, you know, every now and then somebody get a kiss. Isn't that what we call it in the
business? When you get a kiss, when you get a bunch of wired diaries and you get some of your
groupies who put it down, did oh, did oh, did oh, did oh, they're listening every minute of every day.
Everybody gets that sooner or later, you know. Sure. A kiss. Well, not everybody. I'm not so sure
D.Fo is going to get a kiss from anything alive. He's on there on 640 by the way, W.M.E.N.
in the morning's D.Fo. A lot of people, oh, where's D.Fo? Whatever I have with a D.Fo. He's on
there still doing this Cornball crap. I mean, you know D.Fo? I don't know him personally. I did see a
recent video of him. If you knew D.Fo, like I know D.Fo, yeah, go ahead. And he's a little bloated.
Is he really? Yeah. Well, if he didn't know him before, how do you know he's bloated
as comparatively? He was never fat. He was like, I don't know. He's a little heavy now.
Wow. Well, he must be living the good life. W.D.C.Y.M. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
How you doing? Listen, the economy is pretty bad right now. Don't you think?
Yes. The kind of way to be fresh on, yes. All right. So, but nonetheless, if I want to share
myself up, I grabbed me a copy of the Times Union and the Democratic Chronicle.
I run around naked on ice. Don't my seed.
That's a good idea. Yeah, great. I miss George.
That's why George's people know a question about that.
Well, wow. He's running around naked with the Rochester newspapers.
I'm unimpressed by Rochesterians. Okay. Rochester used to be a, okay. It was an okay place to
look what it did for me. But it was okay. But now it's toilet.
The time was up 79 points. It was up 100. It was zooming up there for a while, a couple of minutes
during that last break. And all of a sudden it's sad. Kind of leveling off.
414 votes on our religion poll. I wish we had a better poll than that today. That's a crappy
poll. Maybe somebody will send us in a good poll for tomorrow. Do you think I doubt it?
Now what are you going to do next week with the polls? Are you going to put polls up there or what?
Yeah, I have some ideas for some polls. Do you? Good.
Because I'm, you know, and in the bedtime stories am I still going to have to do those next week
too on vacation because I always did that when George was working. I guess. You guess?
Okay, I'll handle it. I mean, if you tell me what to do, I can take care of it.
No, no, I'll handle it. I'm not really so sure that many people read those anymore.
Unless it's about, you know, me being on the verge of getting blown out or George getting
fired or about Randy's off here. If it's something about radio, then we get a big,
big readership. Now that's interesting, by the way, because oh, look at that.
Greg Budell says, did you hear Lums and Davies closing down? No more Olly burgers.
Walter Sable and Harry Penis are monitoring today. You were whipped up into a frenzy yesterday.
Well, good. More BS from Greg Budell.
And here's one you'll never guess who this is allegedly from. Stormy. Wow.
How you doing? Listen, I heard some things about you talking crap about me again.
I heard you even had a poll to see if I was compelling or whatever that means.
I'm tired of being belittled by your punk ass. I'm not like these other losers. You'd be
ripping all the time. They just take it, I guess. But don't be ripping me, man. I ain't going to
take it. I got a lawyer. May open up a case against you. I've got people at bars and marlin games
telling me yo storm that Niels has been ripping you again, man. I don't want no people coming up
to me saying all that. I got good relationships with Joe Rose and you'd be bugging and all the
damn time like a damn girl says storm. You be me. You be well, it's purposely written like that.
Case you had noticed. Because it's not written by him. It's written by some white dude trying to
sound like, you know, right. Like some inarticulate black person. That's what that's written like.
Stormy, we were talking about you before Stormy off the air before the show and about how you're
killing the radio station 1026 at 560 W.D. Q.A.M.
Oh, good.
And welcome, good friend.
To further demolish the Niel Rogers show so we can find the death sports at the time slot
and family to further. The following zones are banned from air play because I feel some of the
instruments used come too close to a part sound like this one here.
I'm raised to see the spart sounds aren't used to music anymore. These zones are 40 years old.
But just in case you never know, this one here, nothing more is enough to play this play of black.
This to me is a one-chain snake.
I think it's the thing for anyone to pause in front of a microphone like here.
I didn't notice it before, but I found this particularly disturbing.
Oh, I'm aware of the descent this to tell me it's just a saxophone.
But what you called it?
We must adhere to the imaginary guidelines brought down from the mountain by Yoshi.
I only know that our standards and practices active bleeding sports will be shot.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
Wait a minute, wrong line. Helps him impress the right line. Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Yeah, this one is... oh, this is the old... sorry.
Hey, listen to me. I'm honest with God. Watch out for Joe Bell. He's trying to give you his stroke.
He figured that the only way he's going to get you out of there.
He's going to do what?
Give you a stroke.
No, it's not going to happen. I feel fine.
Good. You don't need another one of those. Don't let the man get to you.
Okay, thank you so much. No, I'm doing okay. I think you're right. I think he is trying to test my ability.
I'm a survivor. I'll be here.
And guess what my next story was, or the first story, I guess that I was going to get into today?
It said five more cats found slain in pomato v yards, and then flea just fact me.
Cat butchers deadly a stay, five more cats found, mutilated and killed and suffered. I'll get to it.
Hey, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty.
Oh, that's bad. Don't be doing that. No.
I mean, I don't... I hate cats, but I certainly am not in favor of people mutulating or doing anything harmful to animals.
Well, I think the bigger issue is, is this guy graduate from cats to bigger animals like humans?
I doubt it. I don't know. He just don't like kitty cats.
Kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty.
Well, at least he didn't put him in the microwave and nuke him.
No.
Which I think they fit in there really nice, because they're... see, unlike dogs, which dogs are...
I don't know how to describe it, but their bone structure is different.
And they're more rigid, but cats are more like malleable. You know what I mean?
Yep.
Before I get to that thing about the kitty cats, Yoshi Shmendrick says,
you're not going to like this because you're good buddies with Paul and Ron.
Okay.
Says, oh my god, I gave Paul and Ron a shot this morning.
You know, I wanted to see what was so compelling to the panel.
Man, the crap these guys put on the ear is nuts.
22 minutes of commercials an hour.
Then the dumb game they play. Then's Ron's news. And then toasted sports. And that's the damn show.
They had some crazy comedian on. In other words, it blows.
So Ron, you can email all you want. You can stick your numbers up your drunk ass.
But your juvenile show sucks. Says Yoshi Shmendrick.
He don't like their show, I guess.
I guess not.
I guess it's not... although it did compelling to send me this email, I'll say that.
That was up only 67. It's not... it's not doing so great.
As the calls continue, now let me just give that toll free number again.
Because... and let's see if they'll roll over. I doubt it.
1, 877, 785, 6345.
It's toll free from... I don't know. Wouldn't it be nice if we could find out where that line works?
I'll get on that.
You'll get on it.
I mean, wouldn't that be interesting? We say toll free for where?
I have a...
I have a...
The comics county included like the keys? I don't know.
Are they hearing us in the keys? I mean, if we're getting that bad interference in date county,
you can imagine what our signal sounds like in the keys.
Can you even begin to imagine?
We have some audience down in the keys. If you notice that coverage map,
besides going out into the ocean, it also goes to the keys our signal.
When we're running, you know, 5,000 watts.
Right.
As opposed to like nighttime pattern and 50 watts, whatever running between 10 and 2 right now.
I'm gonna tell you... oh, look at that. W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Bill. Yes, sir.
We know the line's working from Pemberg Pines.
Okay.
Hey, listen. Did you hear about this phony baloney thing from the new times that they put out every year?
Yeah.
DJ Labs.
Radio performer of the year?
Oh, yeah. Sure.
Unbelievable.
Okay, thanks. Thanks for the good news. How deep pressing.
I didn't realize the new one was out. You know, the best of this and the best of that.
Yeah, I didn't see it either.
Last year, they gave the best...
A.M. personality to George, and the listeners gave it to me.
So, you know, like we shared the spoils. It was good with...
Now, maybe you can put a feather in your cap next year. Yeah, maybe.
Maybe you can be the listeners' choice or the new times' choice or whatever like that.
Anyway, getting back to the kitty cats, the South Florida cat butcher is struck again the most deadly day to date.
Killing five more cats...
Yesterday. The cats were found mutilated yesterday in areas of Palmetto Bay in Southwest Dade,
and police say there's no way the latest killing could be the work of dogs.
Oh, dogs wouldn't do that. Well, they would have they could ever catch the cat, but they could have ever catch them.
See, it's one thing about dogs. I love dogs, as you know, tremendously, but they're stupid.
And they don't realize that cats have got the sharp claws and cats can just tear them up big time.
Right? Oh, yeah.
Sharp claws and nasty. Cats are nasty.
The news comes just days after Broward police determined that the killings in their county were being done by a pack of vicious dogs.
Oh.
Over 30 cats have now been killed in the last two months, many mutilated, all cruelly left in their owners yards.
Owners have been urged to keep their pets in their homes until the killer is caught.
See, that's one thing about cats. You don't see anybody walking a cat with a leash.
What, what are you laughing about?
No, it's true, though.
Dogs you see have to be walked on a leash. It's the law. You can't leave your dogs run loose.
But kitty cats, oh yeah.
Nobody runs walks out there with their cat on a leash.
They would round you up and get a butterfly and round your ass up if you were walking your cat with a leash.
WQA and hello.
Yes, Shameless request for nail.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah, is this nail Roger show?
It's nail Rogers, yes.
Do you speak with nail?
You're speaking to him.
Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, I got a bit of a long time first time.
While back he used to play a vet about a guy who was talking about bridges and he would tease them.
Oh, go away.
One owner who found his cat dead yesterday struggled to comprehend the carnage.
It's shocking to see that because we love our cat owner Roy McKinney said,
somebody would do that. It's hard to say what else they would do.
That's what you're thinking.
Mm-hmm.
They start with kitty cats and they move on to people.
He probably started with like lizards and frogs first.
To be?
I think what's his name?
I think Bundy did that.
Yeah, Bundy start with like, I don't know, tan poles and then move up.
Yeah, most of your serial killers do that.
I started with tan poles when I was a kid in elementary school.
We used to call it elementary school back in my day really old times.
What do they call it now?
Elementary school.
No, they call it middle school or something.
Well, middle school used to be junior high.
Really?
Yeah, it's like sixth, seventh and eighth grade.
Another color elementary school?
No, elementary school is kindergarten through sixth grade.
Right.
And then middle school is seventh through eighth and then high school is ninth through twelfth.
Oh.
Rewards of over twelve grand have been offered in the case which has several police departments actively investigating these sadistic murders.
Sadistic murders, somebody at the herald put that in there.
Sounds like an editorial comment to me.
Compster collecting evidence yesterday at McKinney's house trying to gather any info to help find the butcher who has the neighborhood on edge.
To me it's somebody who's got major problems to live in this community.
I'd be worried McKinney said.
Somebody's got major problems.
Maybe they have stand major problems.
Maybe they stand owes them money too.
Stand major, stand major.
So there's that story.
Eight o'clock we had 139 people listening online at ten o'clock, 343.
Shout that in your buddies of push and tell them to that up and spit it out.
I'm serious.
You better start graphing these.
I mean, you know, I don't ask you to do a lot.
Yeah.
And you've been great.
No, it's easy.
This thing goes back 90 days.
Yeah.
So it's easy to graph it.
Grasp itself.
And is it pretty much the same all the time?
What if you go back?
Let's see, let's go back into, I don't know, March.
Well, we had that great winter book.
It's pretty consistent.
I mean, if you look at this graph, it's, it stays pretty consistent.
And so in April, it didn't just drop off the end of the world like allegedly are audience did.
See, I don't want to continue banging on that, that new rating thing, but it's bogus.
Okay.
What does it take?
Like junior walker, Neil stars would say, what does it take to convince the powers that be that it's a bunch of crap?
All right.
Here you go.
March, March 16th, 445 people.
March 18th, 449.
This is the new now.
March 19th, 432.
March 20th, 396.
Then you go to, March 21st, which would have been a weekend, 75 people.
Yeah.
Well, nobody's listening on the weekend unless they're listening to the archives.
Right.
So, you know, now what about April?
In April.
April 10th, I say.
Okay.
April 7th was 441, was the peak, which is in the new now possible.
That's a name, 441.
Yeah.
April 8th, the peak was 439, which it was also at 12 o'clock.
Yeah.
April 20th at 1220, the peak was 431.
April 21st, the peak at 1145 was 402.
The only thing that beats it was the day of the NFL draft.
That's the highest with 711.
Whoa!
Everything else is the new now or all of the highest.
Oh, I don't teach me a thing or two not making fun of that NFL draft anytime in the future unless of course I feel like it.
Oh, Neil!
Hello?
Operator Er, perhaps?
Neil.
God.
Wow.
Real American A-hole.
Our tech-ing-o-zoo.
We salute you.
Mr. 5 o'clock in the morning workout guy.
Mr. 5 o'clock in the morning workout guy.
Instead of hitting the snooze button, you jump out of bed and into your white theater and bicycle shorts and it's off to the gym.
Gotta get there early.
Flexing your chest and bouncing your pecs.
You gear up for the competition by pumping iron as a crack of dawn.
Hey buddy, can you spot me?
You kick the roids after you realize you were hung like a hamster.
But unsuspecting baseball fans still mistake you for mock maguire.
Put me in colds!
You haven't had a date in three years, but that's okay.
When you're squatting 800 pounds, the only intimacy you require is the man in the mirror.
Ow!
So, we salute you.
Mr. 5 o'clock in the morning workout guy.
Your 40-inch biceps, your empty pill containers and your support belt.
You are the wheel of American A-hole.
Okay, 1047, 13, 411 and 560 WQA.
And Christy in four-large dail says what the police aren't telling the public is that the kitty killer is leaving a signature at every mutilation.
So far, every kitty's had a certain type of lollipop pushed into its rear end.
Huh?
Brackdom!
They were keeping this quiet.
Well, maybe Christy is just a crazy person who just made that up.
Who knows?
You hadn't heard that before?
No, I haven't heard that.
Here, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty.
Want a lollipop?
I wonder if it was like a blowpop like the big ones or one of those little dumb-dums.
Well, I guess we'll investigate and find out.
Or a Tootsie Pop, which I hate.
Oh, a Tootsie Pop.
Oh, yeah.
That's strictly for goyam.
Yeah, they're terrible.
Scott says, never mind, let's see.
Why would it say on theorages.com, where Nationwide, baby, right above the 877 Suck Nile, if it didn't work from all over the country?
Because I'm sure that in the beginning we thought that it did.
We thought it was toll-free.
In fact, I believe we were told that it was Nationwide.
That's why we put it on there.
Why would we correct it?
Now, how are you doing with the Eric on changing that website around?
Well, he added me and replaced it with, you know, Georgia's email with me.
So that's a step-in-right direction, I guess.
Yeah.
Well, that's the first step, yeah.
Yeah.
Baby steps, man.
Well, let's find out.
Well, only line one works anyway on that toll-free thing.
Let's see if there are people in Palm Beach or the Keys or somewhere, or maybe even in Tampa, what I want to try.
I had doubt Tampa.
Because we would definitely be getting calls from Tampa if they could use that toll-free number, right?
Yeah, thanks a lot.
If we got people listening over there online.
My peeps.
One, 877, 785, 6345.
I still can't believe that you keep saying you wish you were back in Tampa.
Oh, in a second.
That's one of the greatest indictments of South Florida in history.
Anybody who says they wish they were back in Tampa.
Right?
Oh.
One, 877, 785, 6345.
If you're in West Palm, somewhere in Palm Beach County, try that number.
Okay, let's see if it works.
Let's find out what's really going on.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, a toll-free line spy report.
Where are you?
I'm in Palm Beach County, Northern.
My phone number is a local for like Northern, not for like Bokeh and Boynton.
But Northern, like Jupiter.
And that would be a toll-free thing like that.
Yeah, I'm very happy.
And just want to correctfully, I guess I'll be doing this a lot.
Middle school, actually, elementary school is K through 5.
Middle is 678.
That's right.
That's right.
Sorry, I skipped that 6th grade.
That's okay.
Sorry, please.
You guys, okay.
Thank you.
Keep up a good show.
Thanks, Palley.
How you like that?
It works in North Palm Beach County.
Oh, yeah.
Now, if we ever get the rest of those lines working on that whole bank,
we'll really be a kick and ass.
Maybe.
Aren't you impressed?
Oh, wait a minute.
Line 2 is ringing.
Q.A.M. Hello.
What?
Hello.
Mr. Dawkins.
I beg your pardon?
Mr. Dawkins.
Darryl?
Mr. Dawkins?
Mr. Dawkins.
Mr. Dawkins.
Email.
What is it?
Are you Mr. Email Dawkins?
Yeah, email Dawkins.
Yeah.
What can I do for you?
Yes, hi.
Good morning.
My name is Loa.
It's Cole.
I'm calling from Contour the Adjustable Bed Company.
Is it what?
Contour the Adjustable Bed Company.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm calling to sell you anything.
Sir, I'll just have some news for you today.
Okay.
I can't wait.
You are familiar with the Adjustable Bed cycle up and down
at a touch bubble button, right, sir?
Yeah.
Okay.
It's just that for the first time.
Contour has a $500 certificate for you.
Well, why are you calling me about this?
I see we have a certificate for you.
Oh, my God.
I beg your pardon?
Where did you get my name from?
Recalling the Miami area.
You have a list that we're calling from, sir.
Well, I'm not in the Miami area.
I'm in Toronto.
Can you help me out?
In Toronto?
Yeah.
Wow.
Well, when you figure it out, call me back.
Wow.
Is that incredible or what?
Yeah.
Mungo says the new radio rating system is a fraud.
Myself and my friends only listen to your show on the internet
on our car radios.
Also, who sits around at home listening to transistor radios
is a 60 plus crowd.
It's not only just people supposedly sitting around at home.
The people with these devices, the electronic devices,
they're attached to their...
Correct.
...as long as they have the radio by their ass,
no matter whether they're outside, inside,
in a car, on the moon, it's supposed to detect it.
Right.
Is that correct?
That is correct.
They place that device tightly between their cheeks.
And that's the way that works.
Rich Evil says it's a bad thing, the cats.
But if these ass-com pet owners were to keep their damn cats
in their own house or yard, these killings would not be taking place.
It's probably some fed up homeowner getting tired of having straight cats
smitting in his yard.
Cats don't smit in the yard, okay?
They go in a litter box.
It says, I had this issue when I lived in an apartment.
As soon as I'd washed my car, it doesn't catch,
it would climb all over it.
Well, I think Rich Evil is the guy who's killing the cats.
I think we just solved the problem.
Power of Neal, man.
Does it again?
Damn God!
Shocking.
Blade Runner says, yesterday on his show,
Dan LaBaster went on another hate-filled rant
in which he called you a parasite,
who's been profiting off a city of bass from another country.
Wow.
He also made fun of the fact that you've only got about 400 people listening online,
while he claims to have thousands.
Yeah, they've got 80,000 votes under polls.
They've got 15 million people listening online.
Oh, yeah.
They just make up numbers.
He pointed out your bad ratings and said,
you were finally getting what you deserved after years of bullying people around.
I have no doubt now that he wrote that scathing homophobic email to you
as most of what he said mirrored that email.
How do you like that?
Dan LaBaster wrote that according to this email report.
I would find that surprising.
You would?
Yeah.
Because he's a better writer than that.
Oh, I guess you haven't read the Harold in years.
QAM Hello.
Oh, what a shame.
Line 11, we lost one.
WQAM Hello.
Do a nail.
Yes, sir.
I'm calling on the 800 number from Tennessee.
Come on.
Really?
I'm serious.
Whereabouts?
In forever that it's worked.
It wasn't even working.
Both county, but now it's working in Tennessee.
We're in Tennessee.
WFO.
Let me say it again.
We're in Tennessee.
Oh, upgrades.
We're all the weirdos live.
Yeah.
Sounds like it.
Okay, thanks a lot, Palli.
Have a wonderful life.
Good luck to us.
How do you like that?
Do you believe it?
No.
Well, why not?
He sounded like he was from Tennessee.
Oh, he sure did, man.
You all come back.
You're going to love Tennessee.
Oh, yeah.
I want the Gatlinburg once.
Oh, boy.
I want a Nashville for a month in 1980.
WLAC.
Nashville, Tennessee, baby.
Wow.
What a strange place.
Tennessee.
Really strange.
Gatlinburg.
Well, he might have been legit.
Let's see where this one's from.
QAAM.
Hello.
Hola.
Nail.
Spiberport.
Yes, sir.
877 lines from Jacksonville's work.
Wow.
You're in Jacksonville?
Yeah.
You're making it all the way to North Florida.
All right.
We're nationwide, baby.
Maybe we're going to get some calls from like Seattle
from the Space Needle.
You think?
No.
From the Sea and Tower in Toronto?
Maybe.
Wow.
Wow.
Jacksonville, Tennessee.
Oh, all the high spots.
Jacksonville.
Another pit.
No.
Come on.
Jacksonville, Florida, is to the US.
What Hamilton, Ontario, is to Canada.
What Gary and Deanna is to the US.
A lot of smoke stacks.
A lot of steam.
A lot of pollution.
A lot of crap.
Nothing good.
Just a lot of crap.
Maybe think of that game where Jacksonville beat the dolphins.
What was it?
67 to three or something like that a few days ago?
62 to something, I think.
63 to seven.
I do believe something like that.
Something embarrassing number.
I'm a new.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
Who could do it?
This is your brain.
Rock, rock, rock solid.
Any question?
Spark, hold hard, rock.
It's absolutely a problem.
They want them.
Rock, rock.
Artles are classic.
Oh no.
That's why they're Russian.
They can't control their own own.
It's been born to be brownie.
Red kid, brownie, brownie, brownie, the prime.
Red kid, brownie, the sport holds our conscience.
It's freezing and walking for you.
They want your family.
Sport, hold hard, rock.
We're better than all of you.
We're better than all of you.
Little bit of fun.
More than one.
More than one.
It's 1101 at 560 WQAM Happy Thursday to you.
Bob and Naples says sometimes your show has a ghost from Cuba in the background.
Sometimes there's just white noise.
Sometimes when the air is clear and relatively dry, we get a great signal over here in the fatherland.
PSI deeply appreciate George's work on your show, but I think Flea is doing just fine.
How do you like that?
Oh, we're fine.
All right.
PS number two.
Those phony ratings are employed to breach your contract.
Spend the money for an investigation and follow up with a criminal complaint since Bob and Naples.
Spend the money for investigation and follow up with a criminal complaint.
How do you like that?
That's interesting.
A criminal complaint.
This place is a crime.
I'll take it that.
How's that pool doing, by the way?
I'll get a apologize for a really crappy pool.
495 votes.
It's not that it's a bad pool idea, but we've just done it a million times.
Religion is blank.
A man made crutch for weak people, 140.
A bunch of crap, 133.
Not very important in my life, 96, 98.
Moderately important in my life, 75.
Very important in my life.
Mouille important, day 49.
How to afford a 95 vote.
You're not impressed?
I am.
It's obviously not important in your life because you're like, I don't know, you're like animal, vegetable and mineral.
Yeah.
You're neither fish nor foul.
I voted for a bunch of crap.
Yeah.
WQYM, hello.
I'm your friend, I do it.
QYM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Fire report.
Yeah.
This is Jeff.
You're coming in loud and clear.
Where?
I'm in Halana Cuba right now.
Yeah.
You ought to be.
You ought to be.
Yeah.
I still came here to see this.
Get out of here.
Barry Jackass says, hearing from my sources at 790 that George's hiring has not been approved, hearing that he's talking to Steve.
Lapa at WFTL, Dan and the crew are a bit upset with your cost of comments yesterday.
Well, you know what?
Screw them.
Screw Dan and the crew and stew gods who don't belong on a year, even to say, they're going to make a fart noise.
Who the hell are they?
Dan and crew.
In other words, they can go on and rip me an ass every day, which I don't mind.
Go ahead and have a good time.
But if I respond, then they're upset with my cost of comments.
They suck.
They're an embarrassment.
They're holding that whole operation over there.
I would say that radio station, but it's not a radio station.
It's a lease.
They don't even own the Dan thing.
It's a lease from Lincoln Financial.
It's Dennis Collins that is most embarrassing.
Nice going, Dennis.
You're really doing it.
Eric's is I fought off a homeless man for the new, what I mean, new times for the best of Miami 2009.
I could go online and get it, I guess, or you could.
Best TV anchor, Joel Carnival NBC6.
Best TV reporter, Q McCray, sportscaster, Kimba Bo camper.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Best FM radio personality DJ Lass, AM Victor T. Curry.
Who's that, Victor T. Curry?
Is that Bishop Curry?
Yeah, on the Haitian station or something.
They always do that esoteric kind of crap.
That's not picked by the audience.
That's picked by the staff of New Times.
They always pick something artsy, fartsy or off the wall, you know, like that.
Victor Curry.
Are you Googling it?
New Times?
I am now.
Best of 2009.
See, that list only the things that New Times is picking, not what the readers pick.
Like their nose.
Boss says there was a horse track on Route 12 in Michigan near Clinton.
I never heard a Clinton Michigan.
Did you ever go there?
How could I have ever gone there if I never heard of it?
The restaurant is still there with all the pictures but no more track.
I don't have no idea what that is.
Maybe somebody in the audience knows.
Maybe we're getting an email or a phone call or something like that.
W-Q-I-M, hello.
Hi, everybody.
Hey, man.
W-Q-I-M, hello.
New Times, go now.
Yes, sir.
The lanes are gone from downtown area.
Yeah.
I don't know if anybody told you or not but they're definitely gone.
Wow.
So maybe Dr. Lee Jo went up there and peed on the tower.
Peed on the tower, good.
Yeah, yeah.
Sir, let's try to move it with doubts.
What?
I saw the movie doubts.
And?
That male sleep was amazing and Philips team were hopping as well.
Amazing job.
That's being when it was the two nuns and they're like kind of questioning him.
That was an intense scene.
Oh, yeah.
And also when when male sleep was with the little boy's mother.
Yeah, that's a great scene.
Wow.
That was amazing.
A little predictable but as far as I think it's concerned, I mean out of the incredible incredible incredible.
Okay.
Glad you enjoyed it.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Have a great life.
I'm in Rath says I understand you have a vacation coming up.
That's right next week.
And then it's on to the summer schedule.
After everything that's gone on lately, you must really be looking forward to it.
I'm sure Flea will try hard in your absence.
I have one minor request.
Can you do Wednesdays and Fridays instead?
I have a lot of crap going on Tuesdays and Thursdays which makes it inconvenient for me to listen.
Thanks for the advance her your cooperation.
The answer is absolutely not.
See the reason that the Tuesday and Thursday thing works so great is that every weekend you have a four day weekend.
You have Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday.
Isn't that something to look forward to?
That's the reason to get out of bed in the morning and stay alive.
Yeah.
It's a good deal.
Oh, if you cared about the show, if you cared about the show, you'd work from 10 to midnight.
Do you do this?
Yeah.
Is there like a staff psychiatrist in that building now that you're in the new building?
Yeah.
Staff shrink.
I think you could use one.
I don't think it could hurt.
No, there actually is.
His name is Jack Daniels.
Yeah, I believe it.
Nobody QAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm calling from Connecticut on your toll-free line.
Come on.
Yeah.
Is there old powder, the UPS driver?
Oh, no.
Well, it goes to show you nothing's perfect.
That's Tony, the UPS driver that I've blocked.
I've done everything in my power to get rid of him and I can't get rid of him.
And he's calling now from Connecticut on the toll-free line.
See, there's good things about that toll-free line and then there's bad things like the fact that people like him, like a bad penny will keep resurfacing.
Go away, Tony.
Go and look with Randy, okay?
Where are we?
God, just a hopeless groupie.
That's sad.
That saddens my day.
It dampens my entire existence.
Tony, the UPS driver from Connecticut.
A my space on the emails.
I've blocked him everywhere I can conceivably do it.
And I was calling on the toll-free line.
But isn't that something?
Maybe this is working nationwide, baby.
Oh, right.
Well, wouldn't that be great?
Yeah.
Especially if we get these lines to start rolling over.
That's not get crazy now.
No, that would be phenomenal.
Then they will fear us.
WDQA Am Hello.
I'm sick.
Uh-huh.
QA Am Hello.
I'm sick.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Morning, Neil.
Good morning.
Hey, is there any reason why you never give out your email address again?
Ever again?
Because I'm old and feeble.
Neil at neorodgers.com.
Okay.
All right. Cool, man.
Hey, also, uh, I called you the day and, uh,
you didn't even listen to what I said.
You just go, okay?
Yeah, I don't want it down.
Neil at neorodgers.com.
Okay.
I'm pretty quick, man.
You're quick.
Hey, Neil, awesome.
Man, I called you the day and asked for, uh, uh,
Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Yeah, and I didn't play it then and I'm playing it now either.
5667 0560, pound 560 on the Verizon and AT&T wireless lines.
And toll-free throughout the world.
Wouldn't it be something we get to call like from Copenhagen?
Yeah.
Or like from Oslo or Stockholm or Malmo?
That would really be exciting.
Or Amsterdam, something like that.
That won't happen.
But the fact that we're actually getting calls from like out of state,
Tony, the UPS guy, that's depressing though.
I make, kill myself.
Very, very depressing.
First, when somebody said I'm calling from Connecticut, I thought,
but this is great.
And then when he told me who it was, oh, no.
Don't you understand what part of go away?
Don't you understand what part of those two words don't you understand?
If you're offended, good.
That's the idea.
And if you want to go away, just, uh, yeah.
You bug me.
You're annoying.
You're annoying.
You were annoying on my space.
You were annoying on the emails.
And now you're annoying on the phone.
I don't want to know from you.
I don't want to smell you.
Oh, here we go.
Ed says, is this the new rating system you can't mention?
Yes, it is.
New age for radio, electronic audience measurement, yada, yada, yada.
Thanks Ed, that's it.
That's the one.
That's the one where they can't find their audience with a search party.
Here's one that says, I wonder if these cat mutilations can be used for a Santa Rhea sacrifice.
Here in Miami, this seems to be a common occurrence.
We see, I used to see a lot of squirrels around the neighborhood.
Really, I have seen only a handful.
Maybe it's gotten so bad that these animals are being used for food.
Sounds gross, but you never know.
In any case, it's sick.
If any of your listeners fall into this category, bite me, you sick bastards, it says.
Bite me.
Do people eat squirrel?
I guess they're really hungry.
No, seriously, do they like to cook it up and eat squirrel?
Not that I know of.
Certainly not vegetarians, I wouldn't think.
No.
Squirrels are cute, but they're often rabid.
I told this to George, I think it was last year, and it's true that my cab guy here in Toronto has got a pet squirrel out on the street.
In other words, the cab drivers all know it by name.
And let's them come up to them and feed them, you know, nuts and whatever, and then pet them.
Don't you find that a little bit bizarre?
A little bit.
And maybe it's got rabies.
A lot of squirrels are rabid, you do know that.
Yeah, that's what my mommy's to say.
Really?
Yep.
Squirrels have rabies?
Oh, no!
How young is too young?
Due to unforeseen circumstances during Sunday's MTV Movie Awards, our lawyers have advised us to clarify to our viewers
when it is and is not appropriate to put your ass in someone's face.
At a cheesy war show.
At a funeral.
At a rap party.
At your mother-in-law's team party.
At movie theaters as you squeeze through the aisle to get to your seat.
At the movie theater and line for popcorn at the concession stand.
At your house.
Holding down your eight-year-old so you can flatulate in their face.
At your house.
Holding down your eight-year-old's friend.
Happy!
Thank you.
And remember, nothing on MTV is staged.
And the fact that we have multiple cameras available to perfectly cover unplanned events is purely coincidental.
1117.
Let's have another shot at love.
What do you say?
Have you ever seen that?
Yeah, it's terrible.
If that isn't one of the worst shows in the history of the subhuman race, that's just absolutely nauseating.
All those shows where they...
Oh, when you're out, you're going home.
We're sending you home.
You're eliminated.
You're humiliated and degraded.
Yeah, and that chick, Tia, Tikila, she's not even hot.
No, she's nasty.
She is truly nasty.
Who the hell wants to touch her with anybody else's hand?
God.
But that's, you know, fun for the people minded.
5.670560, pound 560 on the Verizon AT&T wireless line.
And that new all over the world line is pretty exciting.
1.877.
785.
6345.
So we had a call from Tennessee.
We had one from Jacksonville.
In this same momentous day.
Oh, yeah.
WQA, I'm Hello.
QAM.
5.670560.
One thing about since we've got this new phone thing,
they don't respond right away.
Hello.
Some jackass listening on the radio.
Hello.
What the fuck, man?
Right.
WQA, QAM, Hello.
Hey, Neil, I came up with a great way to get your ratings up.
If you could play the long version of the bridge tender,
it would really help.
No.
Oh, okay.
Hi.
Yeah, that would do it.
That gets the ratings zooming up there.
Play the let's play the bridge tender all day,
speaking of idiotic jerk.
See the way line 8 and 11 ring.
Right.
But one of these days, you promised me, you said that one day,
they said that the phone company is going to uncapacitously this thing
and all the lines are going to roll over and they're going to like, you know,
do amazing things.
That's what I'm going to do when I see it.
QAM, Hello.
Calling from out of space.
Where are you calling from, sir?
Out of space.
Outer space.
Where were you out of space?
Is it good with the name?
I'm talking about it on the phone in.
What?
Out of space.
Yeah, out of state, my ass.
No, he said outer space.
Oh, outer space.
I thought he said out of state.
Oh, outer space, yeah.
I believe that.
Yeah, somewhere near Uranus.
W-W-W-U-A-M-H-L-O.
Neil?
Yes.
You're working in Canada, too.
What is it?
Your full free number is working in Canada.
Where are you?
Toronto.
This is an Adam Oshmuck, is it?
Yes, it is.
Oh, brother.
Chronic.
Yep.
You're not in Toronto.
You're in Kitchener.
I'm in Toronto for the summer.
You're in Toronto for the summer?
Yeah, Adam, coming down to Woodbine.
Oh, boy.
All right, I was just about to say, stay away from Woodbine, Adam.
Love you, Neil.
Stay here.
Okay, see you.
That's what I'm afraid of.
Adam Oshmuck.
Actually, we've only got like 20 people.
They're 10...
No, they're 20 e-mailers and 20 callers,
and most of them are the same,
so they're like maybe 10 people,
including Tony, the UPS driver from Connecticut.
Oh, that just spoiled my whole day.
This could have been a pretty good day
in what would now that we find out
what these phone lines are working.
Good experiment, eh?
It was productive.
You don't think?
Yeah.
For sure.
Really productive.
Not as productive as though what you found with the...
Oh, no.
Oak Ridge, Tennessee.
Clem.
Clem, whose last fake name I can't read on the ear.
Not saying I missed George,
but he would have known the call from Tennessee was from me.
I liked George, but he was too monotone.
But I will listen to him if he shows up on the station
I can get on the internet.
Says, Clem.
By the way, you and Flea are good together.
You all make me laugh out loud.
Says, Clem and Oak Ridge, Tennessee, that was him.
Hm.
On the phone. See what I mean?
They're on the phone, they're on the email,
they're on the email, they're on the phone.
Blackie says, maybe somebody can get Joe Bell
to dress up like a cat
and roam the streets of South Florida.
Half Flea asking what his favorite lollipop is.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, no.
You wouldn't want to be doing that would you?
No.
Shovein' a lollipop in old jolly joes.
Blackdome.
That would be bad.
Yeah.
Even I would veto that deal.
Oh, here's one from Hey Zeus.
There was a time when you made me laugh.
I would change the station once you started your rant on religion.
For that, I believe you are going to hell,
but that's another story.
I believe your show has been gutted by management
hence the ratings, and by now it might be too late for recovery.
They will soon realize that George was a big part of the show.
No offense to Mr. Flea.
Maybe after they can...
Can you, I believe they're setting you up.
You'll realize you've been grossly overpaid over the years.
Come back to work through a real radio show with George once again.
On another station.
But you'll have to put your gay ego aside,
take a substantial pay cut, and of course work the summers
and accept two to three weeks paid vacation just like the rest of us.
You've been warned, says JRC.
Jesus.
What exactly is gay ego?
I don't know.
I know, but I have one.
According to him.
According to Hey Zeus.
Larry says, oh no.
Larry says when the studios are moved,
I'm sure that they're still using the same antennas to send the signal out.
So when somebody says the signal is good, it's BS.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
What does that mean, Larry?
This is probably the same Larry who's always telling me,
oh take a permanent vacation and don't come back and like that.
That's got to be the same Larry.
Because it's written, the signature is the same way.
Just like you were saying you identified the crap from PD Lenny.
It's either from PD Lenny or it's from across the street.
Right.
So maybe Joe Otter-Colon, all those other stucats and libaster,
all those guys have a big conference on it.
What do you think?
On that email.
Sure.
WQYM, hello.
Call from the nation's capital, Washington DC.
All right.
Scary.
Scary.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
And I live in anapolis.
So yesterday was a big day because I had to Holocaust was the insane.
The guy was living around the corner for me.
Really?
Yeah.
But you are getting in there.
The phone was ringing with that funny busy signal for a long time.
It then all of a sudden it was, you know, all of a sudden it was dialing.
And I said, oh gosh, maybe it's really going to go through.
And it has.
And it did.
Wow, it's a miracle.
It's a very, and here you are.
I'm a stone throw from the capital building as a matter of fact.
So I'll be damned.
Well, don't start throwing those stones, man.
Oh, not anymore.
I used to in the prior.
Yeah, the previous eight years I wouldn't blame me right now.
So.
Okay, Palli, we'll have a great day.
Okay.
Bye.
See you around it.
How do you like that from Washington DC?
Wow.
We should start making like a map and put pins in it, you know?
If this is, if this thing's really going to work.
Yeah.
All over the country.
How do you think this is costing them an armored leg?
If they find out this is, they're getting billed, you know, long distance on it.
I think that's what happened originally.
Oh, I shouldn't be talking about this.
Uh-oh.
I think originally it was supposed to be a nationwide.
That's why we put it on the website.
We're a nationwide baby.
And then I mean, this goes back some years.
And then when Greg Reed found out that they were getting billed for the long distance charges
from all these all of them.
And then all of a sudden it was no longer a nationwide baby.
You know what I'm saying?
I said it real quietly.
Don't say it out loud, please.
They might have a change of heart.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, is this Hail Rogers?
Yes, sir.
Hi, I have an exciting opportunity for you.
We are offering our, um, repeat customers, uh, 500.
Yeah, okay.
Good.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
I hear your breathing barely.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Does highly account is out of the country?
Yes.
Okay.
I was in the foreign country.
Yes.
When I was in, uh, when I was in Toronto, those black squirrels, they got balls because I was sitting right there and pronounced it.
I was in the middle of a university at Toronto having lunch.
That sucker came up, grabbed the French fries out of my plate there and all that.
Oh, yeah.
They're going to go fairly, man.
The black squirrels, right?
No, black squirrels.
Never seen them before, but whatever.
All right, guys.
Thank you.
Okay, see you.
Oh.
Yeah, we got a lot of black squirrels here.
I don't think you have black squirrels before to do you?
Not that I've seen.
I'll be damned.
Oh, speaking of that, there's Ray Nagan.
He was released yesterday.
Chinese authority.
No longer quarantine.
They're letting him go back to Nalian's, Ray Nagan and his wife.
What a knucklehead.
I mean, if there's anybody dumb around the face of the globe than Ray Nagan, he must be working
a QAM.
25 past 11 and 560 WQM.
Floridians, dumb as dirt.
What are you doing?
All right.
I'm producing comedy bits that won't get on the air.
Cutting edge would be too funny, huh?
I won't hear cutting edge no more.
They're too scared.
Ain't nobody been in contact with you about what's going on about anything?
Not anymore.
Not a peep.
And what do you do?
I just keep chaining out with bassists to be comedy these days.
Take a current hit, karaoke, just change the lyrics with a couple of very safe ways.
Like, it's cold outside.
So as you say, hey, it's cold outside.
Or if it's hot outside, then you say, wow, it's really hot outside.
Funny, huh?
No.
You can always mix red and the morio drops over that old Todd Rundogger and Zongge.
Bang the drum.
Yeah.
Bang this.
So that's it?
Yeah, pretty much outside of taking a daily headline and repeating it over and over and over again.
Or you can just write lots of liberating names, desperately straining for a laugh.
Yeah, loud.
Now, cut the heel and scramp up.
Yeah.
Oh, that was it.
I was just googling new times.
Oh, yeah, I was on that.
And?
And, yeah, the AM personality is that Reverend Guy.
As picked by new times, yeah, I don't see the Readers poll though.
I don't think it's available yet.
Sure it is.
Underneath in each category, it says it's got their choice and underneath Reader's choice.
Hmm, I don't see that.
Look at this.
Reader's choice, best restaurant and barred high life cafe.
Wow.
One of our fine sponsors.
Yeah, they're good.
How do you like that?
Now, where do you find the radio crap?
I was in the versions.
Yeah, but you were.
Yeah, DJ Lasbeth's FM radio personality, which is good.
I like Las, he's cool.
But AM is a little weird.
Bishop, what does it say?
Bishop Victor T. Curry as one of Miami's most influential African-American leaders.
Bishop Victor T. Curry has his hands full promoting the interest of his flock
and tending to his empire.
However, he sets aside time every day to directly interact with his followers as he hosts the morning glory show.
Six to 10 AM on WMBMAM.
Wow.
Oh, but what you really.
Glory hole.
Yeah, what you really want to catch though is Tuesday talk, which airs at 9.30 AM.
And again, blah, blah, blah.
And it's just that's where he really shines.
It's just silly crap.
Yeah.
Just silly crap.
That's the editors of new times.
The fake Doug says in Georgia's mis just today just last night, just this morning.
Flea is okay, even though he sounds like a little kid, even with all the base you have on the equalization.
Do we have a lot of base on equalization?
I think so.
He got my vote when he said he loves to do drugs.
Neil, I was told a Gary Morgan work for you.
Did you know he died?
I never heard a Gary Morgan.
Did you know I didn't know he died and I didn't know him.
Here's one from Brewster.
I'm an airline pilot flying for a major cargo airline.
I'm currently in Shanghai.
I will be listening over the next two weeks from all over Asia and the Middle East and Australia.
I've turned a few of my fellow pilots into Nilees.
I miss George.
However, I do like Flea and you will always be my god.
Neil God.
Wow.
Licky, Licky.
Brewster from Naples.
The past caller was right.
The Cubans invade 560 in the Naples area.
Oh, Flea last week could see where the online listeners were listening from, what countries, etc.
Can you check to see me listening from China, etc.
That was you not me.
That was me.
It doesn't show where you're listening from.
It just shows where people are logged on from.
In other words, they might be requesting things or voting on the poll or they might be listening.
That's the domain statistics.
I mean, it's not really compelling, but if you want to kill some really good time, the domain report, we could do this, make a regular segment every day.
Of course, then across the street, we've got 80 million people listening in China.
We've got 40 million people.
Yeah, you got squat.
Keep trying to talk yourselves into like being a real radio station.
Let's see.
India.
We've got 81 people in India.
72 people in the Solomon Islands.
I don't think there are that many people live in the Solomon Islands.
Probably my relatives.
192 in Brazil.
Not listening, but again, like I said, involved in the somewhere you're another with the website.
Four in Mexico.
31 in Pakistan.
31 in the UK.
Oh, brother.
Two in the Needlelands.
One in Sweden and a whole bunch of other Austria-France.
You name it.
Singapore, Italy, the NMSVL.
And right now on wqm.com, 446 people.
Whoa.
Has compared to how many at the eight o'clock this morning?
Let's see.
Eight o'clock was 139.
Oh, my God.
That's because Drew Rosencrantz was on that hour.
No, he was on the nine o'clock hour.
He's enough to drive me away.
I'll tell you that.
And then when he goes into that 17-minute spot.
Oh.
You know, I don't know about you.
Have you ever heard of that before having guests on here that bring their own commercials?
No.
On a radio show?
I mean, not that we don't want the revenue.
We'll take anything.
Anybody got a couple of diamonds to the door?
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We'll take it.
Oh, yeah.
But I just never heard of something like that quite before.
W-D-Q-A-M-HELLO.
In fact, maybe that's a deal.
Maybe if George Gray, he's got these sponsors lined up.
Maybe he can get his own segments on the station.
There you go.
W-D-Q-A-M-HELLO.
This is an archbishop, my coffee, called the greener.
Yeah, okay.
Good.
From the other side.
Boy, talk about bad phony accents.
My God.
That could have been worse.
No, that could not have been worse.
W-D-Q-A-M-HELLO.
Yeah, now that you can't afford Bokobrine and George has gone.
Now you show really sucks.
You low-cars.
Okay, thanks for listening, though.
Thanks for listening.
Thanks.
56670560, pound 560, and they've arising in AT&T wireless line.
And of course, all over the world.
One, how did that line two ring with that solicitor on there that brought with the bed?
That's a good question.
I mean, it must have its own number.
I would think so, because obviously she wasn't down on an 877 number, I wouldn't think.
She thought she was calling the Miami area, so she'd probably dialed a 305 or something like that had to be.
786, maybe.
No, no, not 786, 785, 6346.
See what happens when you dial it.
One?
Wait a minute.
Dial it without the one.
And the 877.
Just dial 785, 6346, 785, 6346.
And let's see if that line two rings if it does.
Or onto something.
I don't see a ring in.
You hear you're giving a ring?
Let me see.
Take my headphones off.
No, call can I be completed?
Okay, now try one.
Oh, man.
This is pretty compelling.
One, 877, 785, 6346.
I don't think it's going to ring.
But she had some number that she got through on with that bed, with that contour,
that button, you push, it goes up, it goes down, it goes.
It's ringing on my end.
It is, but it's not ringing on the phone.
And it's a weird ring too.
Is it?
Yeah.
How weird is it?
It's like, brr brr brr.
WQAM Hello.
Not there online, while we just lost somebody in ash debula, no doubt.
I'll be damned.
WQAM Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I haven't listened to you for so long.
I've got my wife's van.
There's nothing else satellite in it.
I said, oh my god, Neil's still on here.
Yeah, by the way, it's a one of two going satellite.
Do you mean they have a second radio on satellite?
Yeah.
You have a big radio.
You have a big radio.
Yeah, a fact radio.
Yeah.
Okay, blow it out your ass.
Why don't you go on satellite?
Okay, let me hop on it.
Over and over again with these idiotic.
Why don't you go on satellite?
Yeah, okay, just I'll walk out the door and I'll go on it.
I'll go up on the roof and see maybe there's a dish up there.
Little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, and he's got a wife.
Isn't that sad?
QAM Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I'm enjoying the show, but I got to ask you, what's going on with this 790 civil war?
There is no civil war, sir.
I guess you're looking for publicity.
They have a civil war going on over there.
Yeah, they're the ones that are fighting a war amongst themselves.
Right, Levitard was ripping this adano show yesterday, I guess.
He was with all the audits out.
Can you just come that up in a nutshell for me?
What was all what about?
All Levitard just trying to, I don't know, write some coattails or make something where there's not much.
Let me give you a one word answer, okay, sir. Are you listening?
Yeah, I'm listening.
Yeah, that's the answer.
A bunch of contrived crap, even Mr. Ego would be embarrassed.
Oh, he was riffing sadano?
Yeah.
You've got to be kidding me.
Poor haste adano, that horrible morning show they got.
I thought George was going to be on that morning show.
I guess, I thought it.
I don't know, but I guess not.
563 votes on the poll.
Religion is blank.
A man made crutch for weak people, 180.
A bunch of crap, 150.
A lot of crap going around.
Not very important in my life, 111.
Moderately important in my life, 87.
Very important in my life, 55.
We don't have a lot of real religious folks out there.
Can't imagine why.
This is the place where the heathens meet and greet.
Holy cow, errands coming.
All right.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm right in the player field.
You'll be cheated.
You'll be cheated.
1145 at 560 WQ.
And we got some heavy duty crap came in during that break,
including one from the real water sable.
Really?
And the food is here.
Oh, that's right.
We got the hard rock cafe coming up in 15 minutes.
Yep.
And what do they bring you?
I haven't seen it yet.
They're setting it up in the other room.
All right.
Anyway, TR says, spy report.
I'm a long time listener, but wanted to give you my story on Victor Curry.
First, he's a Baptist minister from Hollywood, Florida.
Didn't I say, Bishop Curry?
You did.
When I, uh, when somebody sent that name,
it says, I'm originally from the same neighborhood,
and your career is eight years older than I am.
As a porcupated, Hellen-Dale Middle Curry literally was a role model for us as teens.
He was not yet a minister.
He's great in the community, and the show is not about religion.
So much as it is about assistance, doctors, credit counselors, lawyers,
other professionals frequent the show, giving free advice to scholars,
or otherwise may not have access.
Hello, doctor.
I have blue lips, doctor.
What could I do?
Oh, boy.
I should tell you, Neil.
He's one of the good guys out there, not an agitator, although an activist.
And then it's got a spy report.
Mm-hmm.
It says, yes, La Bastard was talking again yesterday about the show,
but I'm fairly certain that Stoogatz is reading the person trying to initiate a feud.
La Bastard, however, did say that your time is come and gone.
He was stating that your show has, for a long time, benefited from a flawed system,
and further that the new system is flawed, but it no longer allows you to hide.
Hmm.
Well, what does that mean?
No longer allows you to hide?
I don't know.
Hock, the producer, also stated that only 400 listeners online was nothing compared to the fact that their show has thousands.
Right.
The question I have is whether the listeners you announced are listening from WQAM, or from the Nearoges.com, or is that the same?
So they're not the same numbers.
The ones on Nearoges.com is a total number who've listened, logged on that day.
Right.
As opposed to the WQAM.com, which tells you how many people are listening to the given hour?
Every 10 minutes.
Or every 10 minutes.
Yeah.
They've got thousands of people listening online.
I don't believe it.
No, I don't either.
Any more than I believe.
In fact, I'll challenge them right now if they want to get into a peeing contest about who's got what?
I challenge them right now on their pool, whatever.
Do they do a pool every day?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
Show the numbers like we do.
Like we have for years.
Show how many votes you have on there instead of percentage like Glyo.
Jimmy Cifalist does.
You know, I would show the percentage.
Well, the percentage could be like 50 votes.
It could be 50,000.
It could be anywhere in between.
You know what I'm saying?
I do.
See if they have a pool.
I'm going to their website right now.
They go to their website and see if they're running a pool.
And I would challenge them to put the numbers on there and show them to the people going on the website.
Let's see.
Ericsson's labested in Ripsadano.
He opened the phones to all listeners who had problems with the way the station has changed.
And a couple of callers mentioned how bad the morning show was.
It was Dan and Hock who were talking people off the ledge saying people react to change no matter what.
Okay.
They have a pool.
It's a Sedano pool of the day.
What is Rex Ryan's favorite buffet and gives you a list of buffets?
Oh.
So I voted for Ponder Rose.
I hit vote and all it says is a percentage.
There's no count of how many votes they have.
Well, exactly.
So what the hell is that prove?
Nothing.
When somebody puts a percent talk about hiding labested, when somebody just puts percentages on a pool,
that means they're hiding the actual numbers of votes.
By the way, Sizzler is winning with 31%.
And are I am I supposed to care about that?
No.
And who is this we're talking about?
Rex Ryan.
He's the new head coach to the Miami, excuse me, Miami, the New York Chets.
And why do we care about that?
There's a big feud between Rex Ryan and Miami Dolphins right now and Channing Crowder.
Yeah.
That's about it.
That is so sad.
And I thought our pool about religion today was bad.
We've done it a million times before, but you know what?
Compared to that, that's almost as good as paper or plastic.
Not quite.
Maybe they'll be doing that one tomorrow.
There's one for you, Jorge.
Paper or plastic.
Real or spastic.
Anyway, speaking of spastic, Walt Sabo is back again.
Oh, no.
The new rating method behind you, here's how the new system works.
And it doesn't mention what it's called.
So I guess I can read this.
A 40-year-old male with a beep-relight device gets driven to work every day by his girlfriend.
It's a 20-minute commute.
And she has the coast on the radio.
He then gets to work in turns on the O' Rogers.
Oh, he's the one.
He's sitting in his desk for four minutes when the office manager calls him.
Her, what is it?
Calls him in her office to order supplies.
This takes 15 minutes.
Light FM is in her office.
He then leaves and goes back to his desk to listen to Neil's rants.
After four minutes, the shipping guy walks in to tell him about a new car that was recently bought.
The two go for a drive for ten minutes while Big 105.9 is blasting to the speakers.
Big 105 is blasting aerosmith through the speakers.
Well, that's good.
I've listened to that.
The target 40-year-old male then goes back to the desk, listened to Neil for three minutes,
until a worker invites him to lunch in Subway.
He gets in the car for a ten minute drive with how 105 tearing up the subwoofers.
He gets to Subway and waits in line as Kiss is on the radio store.
As a result, the subject's been exposed to coast, light, big, and coast again, or Kiss.
WQM will not register as the exposure beeper is less than five minutes.
Well, how do you like that?
Sounds right.
It says, here's what a station can do.
Create a partnership with Subway, Public's Windixi, Hair Cuttery, and DMV others.
To have your station aired in the respective stores.
Keep in mind that most beeper holders will be exposed to the stations by default.
Let me know if I can be a further assistance as well.
Oh, this is definitely per-year-abutty.
Mm-hmm.
Well, that's informative.
Now, that was...
That's the first time anybody since this whole crap started sent me anything that was informational, useful, you know.
So that's how it works.
And since he was listening and wanted to listen to this show, but he was listening for less than five minutes.
Total?
It didn't register at all.
Right.
Well, how do you like that?
Evan says it's amazing how many people you are writing you about what LeBasterd is saying on a show.
You have had three...
Three.
Before he goes ahead and tries to make this point.
Why aren't they listening to Manage when he's on?
And then he says it's because Manage's his show sucks.
He can't call a spade a spade when talking about how he screwed the new rating system is, Neil.
I definitely don't believe your numbers can be that low, but at the same time, there's no way Manage's as close to LeBasterd's as the new rating system is suggesting.
Anyway, while I'm in my mid-30s, everyone I know between the mid-20s and mid-30s listen to LeBasterd during late afternoon because I was introduced to a show by them.
I used to listen to Manage until I were a windbag as you call him and equally boring sports people started to be on Manage's show every day.
You see that?
That's what they've done to him.
They've butchered his show with those guests.
And Mad Dog's the one who always said guests are terminal, they're terrible.
And he's right.
It says you and LeBasterd equally rip people and ask whether they need it and also are not sports shows.
LeBasterd's show doesn't even allow people to call and say pleasantries like, hey guys, how's it going and so forth?
A montage of samples and bits cuts the collar off when they start their calls in a boring manner.
It's a fresh show and yours is taken to hit without George.
Oh boy.
Just real, how you're not fresh.
Yeah.
You're freshy-ting.
Just realize that both your station and Suckers have for you on your station in LeBasterd across the street, although when you leave for the summer, your show will suffer more without George's event.
Taking a couple of little shots at you there.
That's okay.
And as far as the number of people we've had about a year, I mean, he's got his audience over there.
That's the deal.
And so when people hear stuff, I mean, it goes back and forth.
It's always been that way.
That's what talk radio is, that's part of it.
The Yentafactor.
Oh, did you hear what this one said about you?
Like I said last week, back in the day when we had four talk stations, not sports, but regular topical talk stations going at the same time.
W-I-O-D-W-G-B-S-W-I-N-Z and W-N-W-W-S.
Wow.
The Yentafactor was under the-
Oh, David Gold just had somebody call and say that you're a piece of crap and your show is boring.
And then they would call David Gold and say the same thing.
Somebody just called the erudgers and said, you suck, you know, like that.
Yentafactor, and boy, in South Florida, I always said that I wanted to open up my own business called Renta Yentaf.
You'd have no shortage in South Florida, man.
Everybody involved in talk radio either on the air or listening is a Yentaf.
Bap-Bap-Bap, Bap-Bap, B-P-P like that, you know.
So, more power to them over there, OK? Let them do their thing?
Keep convincing everybody that they've got 80Z in people listening and they get 80 trillion people listening online, etc.
Mmm-hmm.
And I'm telling you the truth. I'm making the numbers up.
On my website, we have between 700,000 and 71100 people listening every day online.
And on the QAM website, what is it by the-
it is by the end of the day because that's not a cumulative number. That's just a at that time
number. It shows me every 10 minutes. Yeah. Every time it seems around 12, 12, 10 is the highest number
and it's close to 500, around 500 every day. At any given time. At that time. But that's not cumulative.
No, it's not. I don't think it has the ability to do it. So let's just make it up like they do over
there. We've got 40 billion people listening. It's just that at any given time, there's only 500 on
QM dot com. Yeah, that number could be a couple thousand. But at that time, it's only 500. Right.
That was there no way to tell the cumulative number. You know, there may be a opportunity to get
with Jen Pudsy because he's the expert on this system. I'll find out. Jen, why Pudsy? Pudgy? A little
bit. Is Jen Pudgy? I love Jen. She's cool. I know Jen. Do I know Jen? I think you do. I know one
Jen. Well, I don't know. There's so many so many people, you know, that's spitting door down in the
whether there's in that building. There's Jenny who writes your checks. Right. And then she hasn't
write that checks. Well, she sends it out. She mails them out. Right. That's Jenny. Thanks, Jenny. We
got it on time this week down there. Thank you. And then there's Jen who used to be continuity. But
now she's over in the web department. Oh, yeah. I know Jen. Yeah. She's she's nice. Very cool.
She's nice peoples. Well, anyway, we're getting a whole lot of numbers and a lot of really
compelling stuff. The thing from Walter Sabo was very, very revealing. Why couldn't we just be told
this in a rational, calm way in the beginning as opposed to, oh, gee, you're number 24 in your demo.
Oh, yeah, we got to change the whole show. We got to my end instead of that. Wouldn't that have been a
much more adult and rational way to approach it as opposed to histionics? I mean, when Walter
Sabo starts making sense to me, that tells me a lot right there. You know what I mean? I do.
And so now we learn how this thing works. So what we're telling you is listen to QA
him all the time no matter where you go. If they got some other radio, just run away from it. Oh,
no, I don't want that registered in my pocket in my ass. You know, and keep that thing very firmly
between your cheeks. Because if it slips out, then then we all lose. Anyway, guess what we got
coming up in less than four minutes? What? Neals, deals. Neals deal. Now what are you eating?
Nothing yet. I have to go over there and get it. So break whenever you want.
This is Brandy Quid. Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
G is for the gaslit things it can do. You is for a clean red nexus, all more than two.
And is for the inner end, and once your friends do that today,
S is for the sedentary, bestie in breadth by many guns. That Alex rimble pleases you.
Guns, some from Majority, Nemashrood. Use your gun to dead, you kill some kids
for the inner guns. One may push mucks like you. G is for the glory of things you can do.
You is under-educated in bread goons. And is for the inner end, that's felt sideways as USA.
Easy to get all the death that you adore. Guns, kill anyone. All the youth, guns, will make your
dreams so huge. Use my gun here to get to where you think it please don't break it.
Guns were made to kill each other. Guns are made for mucks like you. Guns were made to kill
you.
Okay, Pablo, 3 at 5.60 WQAM. We've sold, let's see, 31.
It's never get so far. Wow. And who have you got there from Hard Rock Cafe?
Well, they're bringing them down right now. We have the general managers coming in to talk about
the daily bread food bank event they got going on Sunday, which is what we've been doing
this auction for all this week. Right. They raised some money for the daily bread food bank.
We've sold 35 already and we have Scott in here now to talk a little bit about the event on Sunday.
How you doing, Scott? Neil, how you doing? Great. So what's going on Sunday and what time?
Well, all day Sunday, the Hard Rock is doing 71 cent legendary burgers for all our civil servants out
there and South Florida's our ways of saying thank you for fighting fires and taking care of us
with the police force. Any guest that comes out with a five pound donation to the daily bread food
bank will also get a chance to get a 71 cent burger. Excellent. Yeah, and on top of that, you know,
it's that Bruce Prinksine's 25th anniversary of the born in the USA album and we've got special
Bruce Prinksine shirts going on sale and a big portion of those t-shirts will benefit world hunger
year as well. So a lot of cool stuff going on the Hard Rock. Good work, Scott. Thanks a lot. Thanks, Neil.
And thanks for the food for flea too. What are you eating?
Well, they brought in a lot of great stuff. They brought in a Mediterranean pasta, which is like
linguine with artichokes, capers, with peppers. That's right. You're eating the burgers because you don't
need to meet all right. I know. I know. They brought in a legendary burger, 10 ounce burger,
top with the, you know, the record toppings and also onion rings on top of that. And they brought
in an 18 ounce T-bone. Ooh, I might steal the baked potato though. So before you won by the way,
so far. Nice. Yeah, there's good there. 84 to go though. We got a total of 125 certificates. I
beg your pardon. I've been to the Hard Rock Cafe a few times because I go there to hang out in
many times. The food is good there. Yes, it is. Never had a bad meal there at all. One of my favorite
things at the Hard Rock Cafe is in the food court the hot food Sunday. Yeah, and at the Hard Rock
Cafe, they have a mac and cheese. Oh, so good. Really? I'm a mac and cheese freak again. Well, of course,
because you're not eating any meat. It would be really much better with some ground beef in it though.
Or some bacon. Oh, yeah. Nothing like mac and cheese with a little ground beef. 80, we've sold
20 in the 25 already. Yeah, and again, one of the Bruce Springsteen 25th anniversary shirts. Very cool.
Well, I tell you, you never were out dreamed you're going to get all these perks for working
the show for free. I know. Just the perks alone make it worthwhile. Not. Now, wait till you hear some
of these emails that are coming in now. Oh, these are just hysterical. These are, they're so
funny that they're enough to make you cry. Although, let's take this call first. Q.I.M. Hello.
Yeah, there's a website. You can go to it's called website outlook.com. You can check how many people
visit the site. Yeah. I just checked it. It says, uh, you guys get around 5,000 hits a day.
Wrong. Yeah. 5,000? No, we give like almost 200,000. No, no, you can go to that website outlook.com
and check. But I think you guys get it wrong. Well, let me ask you this. Why would I need to go to
some some website when I can find on our own side when I have the statistics from our own side?
What do I need to go to that for? Well, I think the number he's giving you is unique user. So it's
5,000 new people. What? Like there's unique users and then there's page hits. And you might be
looking at page hits, which would give you the couple hundred thousand, but no, no, no, no, no, no.
Refresher pay. There's two numbers. Okay. Calm down. Okay. I got excited. Sorry. This is an area of
expertise. There aren't too many things in the world that I know, but this is one of them. Okay.
We have two statistics. Well, we have a whole bunch of them. The stink host served, which tells you
how many different individual people have been on there. And then there's request for pages and hits.
For example, today we've had 72,270 requests, which is hits on the site. And by the end of the day,
we'll have between 150 and 200,000. We got it. I do. And the number of people listening on
neo-roger.com so far today, 481. But that's that's all day. That's since 10 o'clock. And we sold 50
certificates already. All right. Well, you keep your eye on that. We got still 75 to go.
What a shame. You can't eat that fantastic burger. That really pisses me off. Yeah,
the pasta looked really good. Well, you can eat the pasta, right? Yeah, I just got to take the
shrimp off of it. Oh, you don't eat shrimp either. You don't even eat seafood. Nope. Oh, God, what a
boring life. You have got to be kidding me. Anyway, here from the Fig Burry Jackass,
my sources at 790 say Sid will start on WQA in September. 790 is making a play for the big O.
The guys are pissed off expecting on air blood bath this afternoon. Really?
Expect an on air blood bath. Sounds like they're looking for a promo. Sounds pretty boring. Sounds
contrived to me. Yeah, a little bit. Website. What is it?
Website Outlook.com. Three in a break. I'm going to check that.
And what do you do? You just type in the website?
Are you googling it now? Are you checking it out? Yeah, what am I looking for? Website Outlook.com.
This is exciting.
Yeah, I'm still looking. I'm compelling though. Oh, I found it. I found the website. And let's see.
I need. Wow, 20. You got a long end. 53. We've sold 53 certificates already. Yeah, and you got to log in too.
You got to log in. It looks like you need to set up an account. Let me try though.
How boring. Like I said, if they want to show us on the pool exactly how many votes they got,
they would be really revealing. Okay, but it's a lot easier to sit back and say,
oh, we have it. So the honor's got 48,000 votes on his pool every day. And you guys have only got,
you know, 800. Right. Like I said, and this is they've been doing this from the beginning from day one
since they went on the year, talking themselves in a success, not having it, talking themselves
pretending they got it. Wow. 54. I really don't know what I'm looking at here, but it says
Neil Rogers dot com traffic history time range one month traffic rank blah blah blah total reach
879,453 total page view ranks. Okay, I don't know what they're ranking it against though, but
reach rank. I don't I don't really know what I'm looking at. I'm looking at all these numbers. I get really
ranking. Yeah, so now, you know, we used to be a one when we had the beaded curtain. We used to be
in the top 10,000. That's how many hits we used to have says daily page view 1,235. No, I don't know.
Who knows how accurate this is. Where were they getting that from? No idea. From the race.
70. So we've sold a 55. We got 70 left for hard rock cafe. Just go to wqm.com and click on it.
$50 certificate. 25 bucks.
$650. 5 votes on the pool. That's not too shabby. Oh, no, you're lying about that. Okay, whatever you're saying.
We lie about everything. We've got 48 million vote. Oh, stormy again. Stormy's back. I want your ratings
to rock into the top. Talk more sports and storm cat stuff. Those pocket meters will rock into the
top when storm cat vibrate with the sound of sports. No way. Go away stormy. Fake or real?
It says, I've been listening to show for about five years now. Thanks to my husband. I personally never
cared for George. I would find the show boring when you're not there. So I can't say that I'll miss him.
I also listen to Dan LeBasterd. I love the show, but I also find it boring when he's not there.
And Stu Gotts is the one hosting the show. Stu Gotts host the show when he's not there. Oh my god. Yeah, it's bad.
Just like George, I find Stu Gotts is better than is just better when Dan is there than
opposed to hosting the show alone. Let me say it against Stu Gotts should not be allowed to
utter a word on the ear. That's not in the opinion. That's a fact. He's coma inducing,
embarrassing. Although I'm a fan of both the shows, I didn't agree with the rant that Dan had
on the show about your show. Honestly, think your show as well as Dan show is what makes each
station successful. I only listen to five, 60 during your show as well as I only listen to seven,
90 during the end show. Finally, to close up my email, I really miss you the day you decided to
retire and five, 60 will lose the listeners well. Says Johanna for Miami. Well, thanks Johanna.
Oh, first he is back. Haneos, we ever given his reason for eating veggies? Just curious,
veggies are yummy and cats are just our greatest misunderstood. Yeah, they're misunderstood.
You've already gone through that thing about why you're a vegetarian. Yeah, you don't want to
kill animals. You're not killing them. I mean, somebody else did it a long time ago. You know what I mean?
That's true. And the food's been sitting somewhere in a supermarket getting rancid and putrid
and there's another good reason why not to eat it. What? There's another good reason why I don't
eat it. Oh, I got news for our vegetables. It gets all kind of crud on it too, Mr. Let me tell you
right now, Mr. I think I'm holier than now and everybody else. Vegetables gets all kinds of
stuff and it gets all the insects in there, man. All the beetles and stuff. Wow, all his little
thing creatures look like fleas. Don't take it personal unless you want to know. You keep in your eye
on that, um, Neil deal? I am. It's back to 71. Oh, so we had one come back.
Well, let me put it this way. We got a long way to go.
Hey, you, you're a bastard. First, let me be clear. I am gay. I have been gay.
Gay. Furthermore, I love sex because of that, I will seek inappropriate conduct at the Minneapolis
airport or anywhere else. Gay. Again, I am gay. Gay. And I should have told my family and my friends
about it. I should not have kept my wife because I am gay. I'm coming out today. I hope you
appreciate my openness to all of you. Thank you very much. Oh, my God. Look at that. He's got an open
atom door. Cross 17 at five sixty W. You don't have to go through that toll website. I'll look. You
can just go to Alexa. Oh, go to Alexa and we are really sucking wind, man. We're like number 890,000.
Like you said on that other thing. That's what that was. Okay. Yeah. That's the ranking. I got you
of the site as compared to all the other sites online. That's not too bad. It's not too bad. We used
to be in the top 10,000. I'm telling you. Oh. And the reason that we aren't there anymore is because
we lost a humongous percentage. I don't know how many people are listening. It's got to do with how
many people are checking your website are every day. And if there's no new chicks on there, forgive it.
I know this about 23% of people that hit your site are in Mexico. Yeah, I see that. And a whole
bunch of others in Canada, including me and Adam Oshmuk. But at any rate, that's going to be your
assignment now. Okay. While I'm on vacation this next week, we're going to recreate the beaded curtain.
Only we have to be very careful how we do it. You can't put nude pictures on there of
unless you have verification of the age of the person when the picture was taken.
In other words, they got to be over 18. Okay. So if you have nude pictures of celebrities, for example,
who we know are over 18 and there's no debate about it, you can put them on there.
Oh, I can find those. Well, there you go. So let's bring back the beaded curtain with a different
chick every day. That's what we used to do. And you will see the volume of hits on there just goes
zooming up through the sky, through the roof. They're not kicking ass over there across the street.
They're all actually their number is better than ours. See, I could lie about it and say,
oh, I don't, I don't make things up where there are numbers available in black and white and it can
be verified. What's the point of lying about it? That's why they don't want to show how many votes
they got because then it's in black and white and they can't make up a story. Casey says, if the
powers that be put sit on the year of WQM, they clearly are trying to sync the station once and for
all. It's like the old Paul Newman movie slap shot where the whole plan is to get rid of the whole
team. That has to be a rumor, but from Sid's agent who must be desperate by now, enclosing Sid's
socks do not put him on the station. Says Casey. Your take? Well, the fake Johnny Dolan says,
or they're I'm sure it's the real one. I'm on the way to the Marlins game when I put up a radio
to the WQM. This divide him need to be tuned up. If I sit next to 300 people, will the beeper go
off as a result? It says, hey, hey, up in Roland with Johnny Dolan. Oh, yeah, it's him.
Silly person. Yeah, crank it up to 560 Johnny and everybody else out there wherever you go with
your portable thing. He sold 73 certificates. That's pretty good. It means we got 27 and
252 left 52. Yep. Well, so we're doing okay. It's only 1220. I mean, when you got 125 to start,
it takes a while to pedal them all. But everybody knows the food is great at hard rock and what's
not to like. Oh, these are my favorite emails. Dearest one compliments of the day. How are you?
Dearest one. That means it's a spam. Dearest one. We've got 78 millions,
$cajillion over here waiting for you. All you got to do is give us your name and your date and
your birth date and your shoe size and et cetera. Social security number. Just a few minor things.
Bank routing number. Right. I would have thought that now that our it's out of the bag that we
can take calls from all over the country on that toll free number, I'd have thought we'd have more
action online one. Although I haven't been paying any attention to it. Maybe it's been ringing.
Maybe Tony the UPS guy from Connecticut would call back. Let's hope not. Don't ever call us again,
Tony. Just go away. Don't go away, Matt. Go away already. What does it take when somebody says,
go away? What does it take to get the message to you that they don't want to talk to you?
They don't want to confabulate with you. They don't want to email with you. They just want you
to leave them alone. Leave me alone, Tony. 1-877-785-63345. We had a call from Adam Oshmuck in Toronto.
Well, not exciting. He could have called me on my home phone for free. Yeah, just think about that.
WQA and hello. Yeah, man. Listen, my lock of the week is,
Sid will be there come opening day kickoff, man. I guarantee you. I mean, I'm not going to be
listening, but I guarantee you why not? Why not? Why not? Why won't I be listening? Yeah. Dude,
because he sucks. Oh, okay. Well, thanks for the report. There's a spy report. It's
it sucks. Hey, QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Where are you? I'm in West Palm, Florida. Oh, I'll be
damn. How you doing? Good, good. I just wanted to talk to you about poor old George who then
home collected a paycheck. Or not a paycheck, but an unemployment check. How do you feel about that?
How do I feel about what? About George, I don't work. Not good. Not good, huh? Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, well, have a good day. Okay. How do I feel about it? Well, what kind of a question was that?
I don't know, but I got that a party in my pants. Who knows what he's talking about? Just run
and hear the sound of his own voice. I have that song that your buddy did. Did George need to
job, son? Well, did you listen to what? Yeah, it's, you know, well, a little later on. Yeah,
it's well produced. The fake read, but you know, says I told you Walt Sable was listening to nice.
Sirius still wants you for Howard 101 via simulcast replay. We'll pay 50 grand a year. We fly back
to Walter if interested. Simulcast replay. Why would they want this show replayed on
satellite as watered down as it is? I mean, isn't the whole idea of being on satellite that you
have no restrictions? Yeah. That you're unjoiced. We play back to Walter from the same old crap
fake read. We don't own an on and on with the baloney. Just more and more baloney. Slice it real
thin. You can't eat it though. Kevin says that color was correct about LeBaster
ripping the morning show over there. It reminds me of you how you rip the rest of your station shows.
I tried listening that morning show over there for a few minutes. The other day my god,
he's right hands down the worst thing I've ever tried to listen to in my life. The morning show
across the street. Joe has nothing to worry about in the morning. That's for sure. Hoping
fleek and hold on the fourth of summer, I have my doubts as Kevin. How do you like that? How do you like
a guy that goes on the air and rips his own station? What kind of a jack ball would do that beside me?
I don't rip our own station. I mean, you know, are you sure if they want to talk to the same 10
colors every day, that's their business. I'm not going to interfere. Mary says I miss George,
but flees seems to be doing about doing all right. We need to picture him on your website.
We'll put that on there too. Okay. Get the beaded curtain going and then get your picture on
there and make sure that we know scrupes with that beaded curtain now. Let's not put anybody on
there who's like just turned 19 last week or something like that.
But here's something from Buzz Florida, the FDA. Why do I care about this? Why in the world do I
care about this? Buzz, who usually sends me good stuff. The FDA is one consumer's not to use
clarcon skin products. And for this reason, it goes out with a whole boring, I mean, talk about
not compelling. Wow. Talk about ponderous. Don't you wonder what sometimes goes through people's
minds when they send you stuff and you wonder, what am I going to do with this? You know, where am I
going to stick it? There's anybody in the free world who gives a crap about that.
Are you using clarcon skin products? No. Neither am I. So we don't care.
Neil God, do you have to take your daughters to see the new Jonas Brothers movie?
You need the Jonas Brothers movie survival kit. Each survival kit comes with a sleep mask so you
don't have to watch earplugs so you don't have to hear and a cyanide capsule just in case the
mask and plugs don't work. Oh my God, the Jonas Brothers movie survival kit. You can make it.
The film is only 76 minutes long. I got a Jonas Brothers. You made those earplugs. Oh my God,
the Jonas Brothers. And the cyanide. Oh my God, the Jonas Brothers. The Jonas Brothers 3D concert
experience survival kit. It's too late for me. Save yourself.
About 30 at 5.60 WQAM happy Thursday to you. So we're going to get that. I don't know why I really
care about that. Do we really care about how many hits we get every day on the website? No.
You don't? Yes. Oh, I'm not sure I like that attitude there for one second, but it's your
change real fast. One thing about you, you are malleable. If you look up that word in the dictionary,
malleable, you'll see flea's picture next to it. 52 certificates left. That means we've sold
48 and 25, 73. We have 52 left for the Hard Rock Cafe. Just go to WQAM.com, click on
Neils Deals and there it is. $50 should never get $25. I think we're doing pretty good with that.
Yeah. WQAM, hello. Hello Nelson. Yes, sir. How are you doing today?
Okay. Good to have you back. Good to have you back from where?
Well, not about this. Could have you take a phone call again, even though honestly, I don't have
too much to say, but I would like to tell all these people as far as the books go to get away from
the wire diaries. You bake mF. Okay. The wired diaries. Okay. Does he know what he's talking about
or what? Sounds like the voice of expertise to me. Maybe that was Joe's boyfriend. WQAM, hello.
I'm your friend. Yeah, okay. Good to know. QAM, hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a George Rodriguez spy report. Yeah. I'm 85 and I'm
dairy wearing the orange vest, man. WQAM, hello. Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay. How are you doing? Good. Two things that right now if you put on, if if
you're on, and also at one o'clock on the same time as you, they have Steve White's program
director doing a show. Really? Yes. Well, how can the Marlins game be on now? And then Steve White's
going to be on. No, what I'm saying is when the Marlins are. I mean, we're nearly when there's no
game. Right. Well, that's some pretty stiff competition. I'll tell you. And also, she's a little
incorrect because if you, you can't stream the Major League Baseball game. So what they do is they
put a best of Levitard show on the web while they air the baseball game. A best of Levitard show.
Yeah. Wow. It sounds like an oxymoron to me just a joke, Danny Boy, just a joke. Not, but they're
not a lot of stream Major League Baseball. St. Louis at Florida. Cardinals are leading one,
nothing. It's the top of the second. Oh, and there is nobody there. I watched a little bit
last night for about five minutes and there was nobody there. Yeah. I mean, when you get into the
outfield and all the way around to the third baseline, there's just empty, it's just a big empty
place like a vacuum. No, it didn't swing. Anyway, it's the top of the second. I can't do the play
by play because then they'll get really serally. Oh, we got the Marlins. The Marlins. They got the
Marlins. Marlins are losing the Cardinals. Beat them 13 to four last night. Yeah. It was a whooping
in front of a nearly empty crowd and at 1230 on a Thursday afternoon, you can only imagine
the kind of crowd in that joint. Can you imagine it? I mean, I see a few people there,
smattering. I mean, you know, along the first baseline, there's one, two. You can count the crowd,
even I can count that high. Oh, now there's a not a really distance shot. They don't want to show
the distance shot, but from like behind first. Yeah. Whoa. And the people who are there, they're smart.
They moved way down to the front seats, you know, to the box seats. Oh, yeah. Now they still get
bent out of shape if you do that. If you move into the wrong seats, I know they used to. Yeah,
they still do. They do. Yeah. They all you idiots, all you free loaders down in a first three or four
rows, man, you're not fooling us. You didn't pay for those seats. 50 certificates left for the
hard rock cafe. So that means we've sold 75. Yep. And if we sell two more, it'll be 77. Oh, god,
I love that number. I love those jingles. I love those oldy jingles from W ABC. And you want to know
one of the reasons why one of the main reasons why? Why? Because those were the days when radio was
was something. It was, I mean, it's something now, but we can't say it on the air.
CKLW yesterday. Now that's not the one.
From 77W ABC. Go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Wherever you go, go, go, go with 77W ABC.
Go, go. All right. And guess how many certificates we've sold? How many? 77.
52 and 25 sounds like 77. Look at that. We got 48 left though for hard rock cafe. We'll get them all sold by
by tomorrow at this time. You'll see. I mean, 125 is a lot of certificates, man. WQAM. Hello.
On line 11.
Hello. It sounds like they've got it up their tailpipe.
Correct. Oh, no, no, no. It sound like they got the phone stuck deep in there.
Oh, yeah. It's what it sound like to me. WQAM. Hello.
What would get to them all sold by? Yeah. How you doing? What's up?
I'm speaking. Neil. Yeah. How you doing? I'm doing. You're not Neil.
Yeah. Okay. Whatever you say. What do you want to hear? What do you got? Give us something.
God, I'll tell you what. You're a liar. Yeah. And you're an idiot. Oh, I'm a liar.
Yeah. Okay. I'm not in the I'm a liar. I just made it up.
Right. Tell me. Now he'll go back and turn up the radio. Oh,
gee, it wasn't you left. Or all you. You missed your golden chance. Your chance in the
sunshine. What a jackass. You're a liar. You're not Neil. I may be a liar and I am
Neil. How do you like that? Puts. Schmeckle. WQAM. Hello. Neil? Yes. How are you? Okay. How are you?
Good. Good. What do you think about the stock market? I don't. WQAM. Hello.
For your budget. What is the other party? You made your phone. QAM.
Hello, Neil. Where are you calling from, sir? Right now I'm calling from four lines there.
Oh, four lines there. Well, that's nobody. Yeah. Hey, what's up, Neil?
Hey, you know what I want to know? Who's not? You're. What?
Swat. Huh? Yeah, I then understand the word he said. It was some kind of a shot. I don't know.
Something slab. I don't know. WQAM. Hello.
God has punished George for his lack of faith. Yeah. Okay. Bye. Bye, Schmeckle.
That's what's his name? That's Mario and Hylia. Crazy person.
Yep. Crazy person. Reverend Mario and Hylia. You'll get to know him all eventually.
Unfortunately. David says I don't get to listen often anymore since I moved out of that hell hole.
Why did George get fired? Because they don't want to pay a salary anymore.
That's why George got fired, David. Because everybody's getting fired everywhere.
Oh, look at that. There's a few people in the stands there. Wow. Look at that.
It's a C Roy holiday. C a bricky. The last go can continue to throw the ball well.
I know a lot of. A lot of the marlins. It'll be there. That rich wall.
Some of some of you send me an email about that. Do I know who he is?
He's the worst, the absolute worst. He sounds like a little kid. He's horrible.
Rich walls. How can he still be on there? That's what I don't understand. He must work really,
really cheap. You know what? Yeah. A place in the hotel.
Out in center field. He sounds like about a 12 year old kid pretending to be a radio broadcast.
That'd be a sportscaster. You know, when you were a little kid, a lot of like me,
when I was a little kid, I used to like have my web court tape recorder and I'm a Saturday afternoon
baseball games. I would sit in a firmly TV and I would announce the game.
That's what he sounds like. The world's worst sportscasters these days are in South Florida.
We used to have some pretty good people, you know, like Rick Weaver and Joe Angel. Yeah.
And Rimmer was okay. He wasn't great, but he was okay compared to what we got now. He was
sensational. The rim man. But look what we got now. We got silly S. Red Deer Randy Molar.
We got your friend. We got Jimmy Siphiletic and we got Rich Waltz and Dave Van Boring.
Boy, you know, anybody who used to criticize Rick Weaver, which I thought he was great.
You know, now in retrospect, he's looking really sensational, spectacular. Bring him back and
prop him up in the damn booth. Oh, oh, Frosty Nads. You know what I said? Marlins are head to the one.
Oh, my Ross Glow unloaded a heavy load in the right field thing.
Not playing that. Can you believe that? No. Well, I had to dump that because he said D-bag in there.
Joke. Joke. It's pathetic. It's sick. Guess he said out the first pitch today at the Marlin game.
Ron Brewer, your buddy. Oh, I got some spider reports. Just relax. Yeah. And I guess today was like
$10 seat day. I got that too. Just relax. Relax. All right. I need to settle down.
Chiefly, how many certificates we got left? 48? No, I went back up to 50. Oh, no.
Sorry. That means we sold 75. Now it's at 49. Oh, 76. One more for 77. I think they were just
fun in us. Barry Jackass, this is funny. It says from Stugots. And eight the way I wanted it. I
can handle for God's smart. Not like everybody says like dumb. I'm smart. I can handle things like
smart. Not like everybody said like dumb. I'm smart. And I want to say that's Stugots. That's funny.
Funny fake, Barry. Eric Harold, our good buddy Eric, has pointed something out of her. Thank you,
Eric. Alexa only counts people running the Alexa plugin. That's the ranking there. Okay.
So forget about the beta curtain. Unless you want to do it. Sure. You want to do it? I think so.
Eric says the number of people running the Alexa plugin is decreased dramatically,
including me. I don't run anymore because Alexa is a spam generator. Really screws up your PC.
Oh, another Marlene hit. Oh, boy. Marlins are just on a tear. Aren't you all whipped up about the
Marlins? Pretty much. They suck. Pete the Chronicles is run throughout the first pitch. He can't reach
the plate. It says it was all old Paul and D bag run to the stadium. See, there's that word again. I
can't say it. Oh, that looks like a double play ball to me out at second and out at first. Oh,
sorry. Well, that's the end of a promise eating, but the Marlins take a two to one lead after two.
The Marlins Don and LaBelle says now here's some good news. I told you things were looking up.
The broadcast signal is the best ever here in LaBelle Florida today. No more pulsing every second
like the last couple days. I wonder what the engineers did or didn't do to cause the problems this
week. What they didn't do was they didn't go out there and pee on the tower. And then probably
last night they all went out there together and peed profusely. Maybe they had a big beer bash.
And they went out there and peed a river on the tower.
Where exactly is the tower? Is it there by the hero? It's Victoria Island. That sound right?
And the ground system is probably rotted out. Yeah. You think?
That's a problem with AM man. Bad signals. Bad rotted out, but anyway.
Juice says the really sad thing about the Marlins game being so empty today is almost every seat is
10 bucks today thanks to the promotion for the Paul and Old Ron show. Every seat was 10 bucks today
and they still got like thousands and thousands of fans described as empty seats. I'll be right back
phones ringing. Oh geez.
Automated spam call from the Sears. Oh nice. Isn't that great? It could have been important.
Could have been an Edmick man with my check for 10 million. You know was not though.
Air receipt 10 bucks today just about every seat and thanks to Paul and Old Ron and there's
thousands and thousands and thousands of people disguised as empty orange seats in Landshark Stadium.
Does no one is called now? Landshark Stadium. Yep. To one in the top of the third.
Actually there are some people over there. There's a smattering.
Perth these two guys Paul and young Ron the Paul and young Ron show. Oh my god.
Castor and over looks like an apartment building not like a house. He looks like an apartment complex.
He's so big. He's big. What kind of a vacay? Hey Rich. Yeah. So what you introduced us? Can you do
that cool thing? You do Paul Ron radio guys? I love it when you do that. So good. Oh.
Kissy kissy sucky sucky. Can you believe that? Yeah. Oh you can. Yeah I can believe that.
I thought you were big fans of theirs. I thought they were your buddies. I like Rambur and Paul's okay.
Wow that was a shot. If ever I heard a shot that was it.
Well got some very distressing news although nobody really is going to care about this either.
My space is about to have a major wave of layoffs. Anybody care? No. No.
According to multiple sources close to the company one source describes the number of people
effective as massive. Another source is the layoffs will likely affect between 300 and 500 employees.
It's unclear if these numbers apply to my space alone or its parent company. Fox interactive media
but my space makes up around 1600 of the 2900 employees in FIM. So it's likely the social network will be
hit hard. Or a castor and over just ballooned up. He's his biggest a house.
There are some some municipalities that aren't as big as he is.
Last summer my space let go 5% of its staff as many as 45 employees relate off last month.
These cuts are going deeper. We've heard the company's legal team is hammering out a paperwork that will need to be submitted
to the state of California under the Warn Act which requires large companies to get advanced notice of any major layoffs.
Contacted for comment a Fox interactive media spokesman issued the following statement.
Like any company with new leadership Fox interactive media is reviewing every aspect of our operations performance and structure.
It's no secret we're looking for ways to improve our products, increase the value of our digital assets,
and enhance the overall financial strength of the company.
That text is from me. Oh boy. Yeah you're not going to like it. No. Well why don't you tell them to address
that issue for Krona. I'm going to now yeah for sure. I mean that's that's not a big deal. That's not going to like
you know change the world the fact that the bag is on but it could have been something else. Yeah
again could have easily been something else. I mean there's a square yellow button here and hitting it
is like punching air man and so much good it'll do you. So my space anybody use my space anymore. Not
really. Yeah there's some people out there there's a few thousand people out there now that they're
panning around the stadium not not not as many as there ought to be but then again on Thursday afternoon
at the 1250 who's going to be there.
TR says it went over the air then I heard you say I'm not putting that on the air. Well it's
the way it goes we don't need any spy reports. If they want to get things working that's up to them.
If not you know it's going to be their funeral.
First key is back again. Yeah yeah I know it's not I was on the air great.
Yeah.
God these people get so whipped up about you know just relax everybody take a chill and a pill.
Yeah. Tim says not that I want to be an ass con but I'm afraid the hard rock is going to get
inundated Sunday by minions claiming to be civil servants so they got to show ID.
It says if I had my employee badge and showed up Sunday I'd expect to get a 71 cent burger.
We'll go ahead Tim.
We'll be sure. You can also just donate five pounds of food and you get to 71 cent burger as well.
Right there you go and that's for a cast on over here donate about 50 pounds just off his thigh.
Oh my god was he that huge when you were working with him?
He was pretty big and then he dropped a lot of pounds I guess he put it back on.
Did you just see him? Did you are you watching the ball game?
No the TV's in here aren't hooked up yet.
Oh what a silly question.
WQAM hello.
I'm a mouth.
Yes sir.
My god you see that you see Paul on there right now?
Yeah gigantic.
My god he's bigger than Hank maybe.
Oh my god man.
No not bigger than Hank.
He's not bigger than Hank.
Getting there.
Yeah he's working on it.
By the way he was running and raving that they sold about 20,000 seats today can you believe it?
Well maybe they're all standing outside in the parking lot waiting to get in.
I'm wondering how they're going to fill this new stadium when they only got maybe
3,000 people out there.
Dr. Zebi Alokankoep is they say in China okay sir?
They need like a hole in the head but hey the people in the county man hey we want the
Marlins the boy he is huge.
Yeah and I know about fat because believe me I've been that fat and even fatter.
Then when you get really fat like that you start wearing guava burras and you start not
tucking your shirts and you know you wear the shirts outside.
Right outside your pantaloons.
Well there they were I guess we got this at the propitious moment huh?
Yeah.
So time you seem to have we seem to have a thing going you know with them and with across the street
and with everybody.
We don't have much going inside but we got a lot going on with the other stations
who are continuing to be obsessed with this show just obsessed.
552 people have listened online on my website.
What about on yours?
Oh I have to go back and check in a one second.
WDQM.com how are we doing with the certificates 40 something?
49 let me refresh.
48.
48 so we've sold 77.
Yeah maybe we can keep going back up to 50 and then back to 48 so we can say 77.
So what do you got on there?
I have for you 423.
Not so bad.
No.
I mean it's not like the 45 million that they got across the street listening all over the world
on a they're listening in outer space to the Marlin game across the street.
Now what do you think do you think that their numbers go up or down during the Marlin game like
when we used to carry them?
Well if you look at the new system it doesn't look like the Marlins have done much for them.
The new system you're talking about for 790 right?
Yeah.
Yeah if you look at the their latest numbers.
There is an NBA playoffs just slaughtered kill the Marlins and I
oh look at that shot of the stadium.
Oh you I wish your TV was hooked up.
There's nobody there.
The people who are there are concentrated between the first base and third base behind a plate
and then the rest of the stadium is absolutely empty.
Empty.
There's Frank Ford who got that the gigantic mole finally taken off his head.
Alfredo Amazegut because of Alfredo's versatility.
Wow.
He finally got that thing relanced.
The big boil on it.
Do you remember he had that huge job of gigantic boy looked like another planet was growing on his head.
Frank Ford yeah.
Wow.
They really they really did a job on that stadium.
Let me tell you there's Freddie Martinez.
A Freddie Gonzalez whatever his name is.
It ends in a Zed.
Yeah.
I hope he fired by the end of the year.
He sucks.
The way he handles the pitching staff I wouldn't wish on Hitler okay.
Another Marlin hit Miller who's Miller I don't pay any attention to these guys.
The pitcher Andrew Miller.
Andrew Miller.
He's no Dan Ugly I'll tell you that.
He just looked a basic to let me avoid a Marlins are on the tier two bad there's nobody there.
I need you.
You're a ball to spout that off.
Since Fearless neither has one Natasha and I no longer have to look for a motion square.
Instead we listen to the near-roger's pattern balance one to two hour.
Live in Chicago.
Oprah.
When it comes to sex what women really want is Susan Boyle hello.
You're having the best sex of your life right now.
But really enjoying it really enjoying it the second of it.
Do you love your vulva?
It's pretty awesome.
Take off your pants.
Wow.
Wow.
Enormous.
108 inches all the way around.
It's like a dream come true.
I would see that as a major problem.
That's involving me.
I just want to touch you okay?
Yes.
We'll be back in a moment.
We're sex talk.
You should take some vitamins for it.
It's okay.
One o'clock at five sixty W to QA me.
I'm just thinking can you imagine if fallen ancient Ron didn't have that
promotion at the ball game today?
There'd be like five people there.
Yeah there'd be like three or four people there.
My god they're giving away ten dollar seats and still no but he shows up.
First of all what kind of scheduling is that?
A Thursday game like at noon or 12 15 whatever the hell they started.
Well what kind of schedule is that man?
Yeah I don't know.
Socks.
And then they say oh nobody shows up to the games to support our team.
Well you wait to see do we get that new stadium here?
Yeah for the first two or three months man it'll be real novelty and it'll be jam packed
and everybody want to be in on the action you know.
And then after that oh jeigh especially if they stink you know.
Kai K how would you say K like K-winding?
Remember more by K-winding?
Yeah you could play it if you had it but you don't.
Not yet.
And your TV's not working there.
But when is that going to happen?
I don't know.
Well they sure are taking their damn sweet time.
You keep telling me oh the studio is finished the studio you don't say that but you know
they keep implying that they keep threatening the studio is finished.
QAM hello.
Neil how are you?
Okay sir how are you?
All right just one watching our live in February.
Right and I saw that they had to launch
Katherine over from Perry Airport to get him over there.
Wow is he?
He dropped him in?
He dropped him in by pulling.
Incredible.
I saw it with my own eyes.
Well at least he's eaten.
I wasn't sure if he was the blimp or you know if it was that.
Thanks Pound I quote why your head.
Case is high uncle Neil I said if he records it I love your show etc.
I'm glad to see the beaten curtain come back.
See somebody wants to see it come back.
I'm sure a lot of desperate horny guys want to see it come back.
It seemed you had a lot more relevant colors and more votes on the poll when there was
the promise of free TNA.
Well I don't know if the colors were any different but there were sure a lot more people
on that website.
They were all over it like stink on Joe.
Says I want to be the first to um volunteer.
I'm 26.
I have all my 2257 papers.
Thanks for all you do.
Oh and she I see this is from this chick that showed the picture here.
I included a non-nude pick just to show I'm out of total dog.
I'm getting choked up about it.
Maybe it's the volume I'm getting choked up about it.
Look at that cultured strike one out
in the top of the fourth.
Marlins are beating the cardinals two to one.
And there's nobody there.
There's a few thousand people between the uh third and first base behind the plate.
It's kind of like the all congregated you know what I mean?
Well I guess at $10 tickets they just got the best seats they could get.
Yeah so that's the best seats it down first or third baseline.
What about right right behind the plate?
And the rest of the rest of the place is empty.
You could go bowling.
You could have your own section.
And you could set up pins and go bowling in that stadium.
What is it called landfish stadium?
Whatever the hell it's called?
Landshark.
Schmendrich stadium.
One eyed Willey says my space is a Rupert Murdoch Nazi
own company if it goes out of business good riddance to which we say yeah.
Yeah and I'm sure they paid because a lot of money for it.
They did what?
I'm sure they paid a lot of money for my space.
You think so?
Oh yeah.
Hundreds of millions.
Oh good.
Anything that hurts Rupert Murdoch.
Oh look at that.
The Marlins Center field came in on it ball and then it drifted.
Drifted back.
You're not doing play by play area.
Ross what?
You're not doing play by play area.
I know I said.
Past tense I said.
He drifted back.
Cody Ross.
Cody Ross.
Yeah he came way in and then he had to go hustling back but he still made the catch.
At a white Cody.
You guys suck.
Oh look at this.
Lessons from LeBron.
Four life lessons to teach your kids.
About the NBA star's moment of unsportsman like conduct.
Yeah I guess he thinks his stuff don't stick now because he's got all those
surgeons at dollars you know LeBron.
Yep.
Oh I ain't shaking nobody's hand.
I'm screw you who cares.
It's all boring.
Oh Eric says.
The B-Dit Curtain did nothing for neo-rangers.com.
Bulletin boards and link exchanges but only link to the pictures.
Not to any page on our site.
In short it didn't bring any users to us.
In addition it was a lot of work and equitably guilty even with the
the 2257 regulations without them.
I would sometimes spend hours air brushing out logos from the copyrighted images.
I'm all for increasing traffic to the site but this is definitely not the way to do it.
Okay don't do it.
Okay thanks Eric.
See Eric knows.
He's the maven when it comes to that website.
It's a laborer love.
And it's true they go there to see the damn picture and they're not going to go to the rest
of the thing they're not going to read the bedtime stories and not going to look at the
polar vote on the pole and they're not going to have anything to do with this show or with us.
So you know what screw them there's plenty of porn all over the internet.
If you want to see naked chicks or naked guys or both or whatever just hop around on there you know
just google and naked chicks.
Just put in their joe Joey Jonas naked or something like that.
Actually those kids need to start eating.
Yeah.
They look like Jared Lido you were saying in Requiem he must have weighed 130 pounds.
I am thinking not 130 but more like 30 pounds.
He was like a walking stick like a walking match stick.
Yeah.
And that's what those kids look like.
They need a little meat on their bones man.
I'm not into scrawny.
I'll tell you that right now.
Not into scrawny guys.
Are you in the scrawny chicks?
No.
Oh now we're getting all kinds of pole ideas.
Thank you so much we're getting pole ideas and I got about a half a dozen.
Excellent.
I'm not saying that they're great but there's something you know better than that crap we got today.
Religion is blank we got 670 vote.
So we're going to go over 700 I wouldn't be surprised.
What do we got left on that certificate thing for a hard rock?
47.
47 that's the best we've been so far so that's 53 and 25 we sold 78.
78.
78 was the WBBM in Chicago.
Now you haven't been around long enough to know all those
clear all those um 50,000 watt powerhouses?
No.
Not at all.
760 was WJR in Detroit.
740 was CBL in Toronto.
I used to listen to hockey night in Canada on Saturday nights on CBL Toronto.
740 long gone.
750 WSB Atlanta.
Well I take back what I said there's like 10 people in the outfield who are the show in a shot.
Oh don't tell me that was castren over again.
Full marks for the story.
Not just the mermaids but some pie.
No that's not big enough to be castren over.
Somebody got the pie thrown in this face.
Looks like Gilbert.
Was that Gilbert?
Could be one of the manatees.
A bigger part?
The manatees the Florida manatees.
720 was WGN Chicago.
Where he's to listen to the great job.
Look at that error by the Cardinals.
Marlene's got a man on first.
They had.
They have.
They did.
It's in the past tense so it's okay.
I don't want to start doing like Sid you know and doing play by play on when we don't have
the rights to these games then they'll get really porky.
So what did Barry Jackass say they're going to get they're going to be a blood bath over there this afternoon?
Something like that because they're courting the big O to go over there.
Really?
I guess.
I wonder if he knows that.
I don't know what you can ask him.
You see him don't you?
Yeah I'll see him pop me in about a second.
He's talking to them over there.
About 30 minutes.
How many?
About 30 man.
Ask him if he's talking to them if he thinks that Sid is going to be two and a four.
I'm thinking Sid's going to be doing 10 to two is what they probably
are negotiating.
Oh yeah Neil will walk out.
Well we'll just get him so uh uh uh uh uh
frazzled.
No I won't.
No I will not.
Make sure you make the audience aware that I'm just on vacation next week and I didn't get fired yet
or walk out.
I'll do that.
All the who knows it could happen.
Not the walk out part.
I think based on those numbers off the stats pages I think we're doing okay.
We can be doing a lot better.
I'll tell you that.
Because you know me I haven't tried in years.
I'm just mailing it in.
And if I cared about the show I'd give up that summer schedule.
I'd work six days a week.
You know once upon a time I did work six days a week.
Really?
I think it was at INZ I worked.
I had a Saturday show.
Oh yeah that's what I used to work eight to midnight and then Saturday I did 10
a.m. to 2 p.m.
I did this shift.
And then finally after after four or five years I talked
them out of that nighttime thing.
Then put me out of the daytime.
I had like 10 and 11 shares at night.
And we decided well what the hell good is that look at another bad play by the
Cardinals in a Marlins I think might have might have just gotten two
an on base in the past tense.
And then they put me on 10 to two in the midday and then that started this whole
thing you know what I mean.
Now what was I just saying to you that was so important it was life and death.
Did you just send me a fact she was out of the ad facts?
That wasn't me.
Oh boy.
Not another ad fact.
Still 47 certificates left for the hard rock cafe.
Not good.
I mean it's okay we sold 78 but we still got a lot to go on there near at wdqm.com.
Although I noticed that some other stations out I want to mention which ones
but some other stations have given up on the certificates because they can't
sell them anymore.
If you notice that I have.
Yeah I wonder what that's all about.
L.O.A.
Lack of audience.
676 votes like I said will make 700 easy.
This ad faxes first I get a phone phone spam from Sears now I'm getting ad faxes.
Oh.
Summer sale saved 90% on books books books gift wear out to a furniture etc.
Close out king.
On Dixie Road and here on Tariot Street that's pretty compelling.
Get away from my fax machine you mother scratcher.
So this thing doesn't work huh.
I'm guessing no it doesn't.
Well let's try it out.
Let's let's utter about 15 exporters and I'll keep hitting it and see if it works.
I don't need to curse but I can continue talking I can count down to 10 and you can
just hit it whenever you want and see if it actually dumps and I can count to 10 and see if people
hear it.
What do you mean by that?
Like I go one two three three.
No no no trust me it's not worth the effort it doesn't work.
I don't think it's working.
No.
But yours works.
Yes.
WQA M hello.
Hello now.
Yes sir.
Hey I'm uh couldn't remember your your 877 number uh this call from Las Vegas how's it going?
Okay.
Good good you uh I can't tell you're sick no it's not clear for that quick I mean
Las Vegas.
Uh huh oh he can go to any now burger.
Yeah go to any now burger let us know how it is okay do a little in and out.
Your father did business with Ivan Roth your father respected Ivan Roth
but your father never trusted Ivan Roth.
Hey how the hell are you welcome Jack in the box.
I'm Jack can I be happy to fill your order if you know what I mean.
I'd like a Jack burger in a large fries.
Sorry pal we're cleaning the grease fire we don't have any french fries today.
Okay uh there just give me a small order of fries please.
Look chief maybe you didn't hear me I said we don't have any
fries today so how about something else.
Okay then uh just give me an order of fries.
Listen up pal who put the straw and straw berry.
That you did that's right nature did who put the 8th and 8th per cut.
Nature does right nature did now listen carefully who put the freak in french fries.
There ain't no freak in french fries.
That's what I've been trying to tell you but breath there ain't no freak in french fries.
Now get out of my sight before I shove your teeth so far down your
f***ing throat you'll have to sit on the jack burger to eat it.
Oh have a nice day.
Yeah me you too 117 guess what Marlins are head three to one now if you're in a four.
Wow and there's some little kid uh what is a Marlins face going nuts some
little spastic kid there dancing around jumping he's having a good time you know.
Yes send him home here's one from a phone number with no name and you're
something if I send an email like this I wouldn't attach my name to it either.
When is there going to be a kneel day at the Marlins game there's not.
Well you're the promotions guy you want to have kneel day you want to throw out the first
day you're going to do with that place.
Mr. A Boolean is on the emails oh my god just when he's uh he auto-illope with that guy the
Tony the UPS driver in Connecticut.
I just can't believe that he called in on that toll free number.
Somebody that you just just go away okay don't go away man just go away get out of my face
get out of my life and he shows up again on the phone.
WQYM hello.
Hi Neil how you doing buddy.
Okay sir how you doing.
All right uh that's a good idea I haven't uh sit that pain in the neck I tend to
too but can you make it like 10 to 2 at night so nobody can hear that loud mouth jerk.
Mr. A Boolean says potentially to Michael Etaho sit down be familiar in the
Manjaka Ayada Ayada.
I just played in English and Mr. A Boolean says never liked mumbles good ridden
smooch Mr. A Boolean well school you Mr. A Boolean take a shot at George Mr. Mumbles
Mr. A Boolean oh I'm the a Boolean guy I'm the uh quarter-slot guy all these guys
who've got their own handled you know what I mean.
All of these things are you gonna play that KJ thing by the way if you'd like sure
first let me just print out this one email okay you see the way this is working out is fine with
me because there's a few emails over here then there's one or two calls over there like QAM hello
QAM yes sir yes yeah you were talking about the marlin's plan such an early game
yeah they'll be up they'll be up and you're naked a wood tomorrow they play Toronto
to make three days oh I'll be sure miss that okay thanks for the warning
I say yeah I have a good day okay maybe we'll get some marlin fans into
Toronto the next three days what do you say when they're exciting yeah well let's see
Saturday I'm getting out of here anyway so just in time K says sad but true Eric is right
they just go to the pictures look at nothing else 97% of the time I have my own site and I have
more than just nakedness on there sometimes I overestimate the viewers I'd like to think
guys also look or read interesting things oh well I can dream she says I was linking to your
site but I doubt you get any traffic from me you're right about my name it is K what K
eight I don't know she's got K-I K-I don't know thanks again I'll go Neil the offer is still on
the table by the way the commercials on the stream suck there's another complaint boy you're
having to deal with a lot of complaints about that stream I don't control the commercials
well yeah and the commercials is what makes us the money we need the money honey don't be
we want the money throw us a bag of money as often as you can oh boy Steven Kendall says I'm in
your corner on the whole cat thing while watching the media go apoplectic over a bunch of
flayed stupid cats and their stupid owners all I could think of is the big sigh of relief that the
wild birds must be expressing people should keep their damn cats indoors that's right you got a
litter box for quite a lot isn't that why cats are supposed to be a preferable that they can stay
indoors that they do their thing in litter box and stick up the whole house
did you ever walk into a house if somebody's got a cat with litter box yeah and also walked into a
house where cats sprayed it oh no else stink oh man yeah that's tough to get out it says my
neighbor let's your cat out it always comes to my yard and decimates the birds who hang out not to
mention crabs all over the place in addition the cat neighbor the cat network people are crazy
they go out the tons of bags of cat food at our parks to lead the menacing flea bags
I think we can say that flea bag a lot of other bags we can't say we can say flea bag
right in your honor when raccoons become a problem they get exterminated but does anyone do
anything about these gd feral cats when is the serial cat killer coming to Kendall
haha ask Stephen Kendall oh Jim sarni says word around town is that Sid will eventually take over
the four to seven shift when Jim is done with his deal who knows where they'll stash him until then
God knows how to bring down God Joe knows how to bring down the station says the fake Jim sarni
lots of rumors out there oh more other ones well so far we've heard what 47 2 to 4 10 to 2 you
did not that's what when that's the spire before we had I said that I don't know what's going on
you said 10 to 2 10 to 2 to 4 4 to 7 that's why I said no
Jim sarni's off to Saratoga for the summer nothing like the cool air of the eteronautics he says
I sure go along with that Jason says the Marlon suck the best thing wqm ever did after bringing
you to the station was dumping them and then he says what did I ever do to you oh not that guy too
oh no the what did I ever do to you guy oh and the abullion guy
what Frank for Frank all right thanks very much rich Chris Codland to lead off the ending batting
in that number one you know there's two guys in that market that everybody gets all the sports
goofballs get all whipped up about two TV guys yeah one is frank for it which he's okay and Craig
Minervini now if you can tell me what the talent is with little Craig that we need Craig Minervini
I'd like to know maybe you can explain it to me I wish I could he's a little twerp he adds nothing
to any telecast he's on he I don't know what the big deal is with him it's got good hair but they're
like obsessed with him all Craig Minervini how can you say that deal he I don't know he leaves me limp
and Frank for it I mean Frank is okay especially since they took that 40 pound mole off his head
god that thing was gross I just don't understand how somebody can be on television and look you
know grow test and on radio we you know a lot of us have a face for radio like me and you what and
George so I guess George might have something going there huh that would be good I hope so it
sounds like he's got something in the hopper in the works well hopefully I'll talk him tomorrow
yeah hopefully tomorrow he's gonna bring in all that stuff maybe he can come in during the show
I'm beyond for a little bit that would be good that would be great and your buddy Jolly Joseph he's
got no problem with that as long as we don't have to pay him all you can't afford to pay him but if you
want to put him on I got no problem with that it was all about money well you know the one thing I
just noticed in the studio yeah why didn't just notice it but you know on Monday you're gonna be
on vacation and I'm doing the show from here with quarters right yeah guess how many microphones are
in this studio one correct well I guess you and Josh are gonna be sitting real close oh yeah
maybe he can sit on your lap yeah then we'll be really gay it up yeah well you talked about
a last Friday from what you told me so yeah little gay porn why why's there not another mic in there
that's a good question why don't the phones work I'm bigger pardon why don't the phones work right
why doesn't you know but we do have we are worldwide w2aam hello yes sir I had a radio accident and I
heard love it thought they were like bearishing you with the rating yesterday yeah how you got
now again I say with a grain of salt but like oh how everything is so negative the last 30
years and this and that and these people are calling saying hey there is the same truth and some
guy said you can handle the truth levy yeah let's go to the lot of costs over here okay thanks
palie I love to show thanks yeah you can't handle the truth levy it's levy or is it liby
levitered levitered labaster six eighty seven on our poll we'll make seven hundred you'll see
how we do with those as certificates forty seven forty seven wow so we sold twenty three and
one fifty three and five seventy eight yep not too bad if you ask me
for Rogers huh this is CNN General Motors followed Christler at a chapter eleven this morning
president Obama notes when I have no interest in doing is to get GM back on its feet and I want to
remind everyone that if you are considering buying a GM car during this period of restructuring
get out quickly in short our goal is to get enormous damage to our economy and an immediate
collapse in consumer confidence that would send car sales over a cliff in fact if all goes according
to plan it will take a painful toll on many Americans that blows
what a Marley and score another runner head four to one man they're kicking ass they are really
rippin it for Ron and Paul all right do you think there's some connection there yeah and from the
ballpark Johnny Dolan says Neil here at the game a beeper went off you'll be number one female
18 to twenty eighteen to twenty four and she's cute so I guess he's got us cranked up
if anybody knew who that was we could find out if it's the real Johnny Dolan but nobody knows
who that is or was right yep absolutely correct double the Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Hey Neil how you doing brother okay sir man you're like a brush a breath of fresh air
yeah brush a freth air yeah I'm glad you're back on the radio full time we don't have to listen
to that monotonic George take care bro I don't remember George being monotone oh that used to be
the knock on him is that he you know he was in the beginning he was oh okay and then he started
inflecting a little bit more you know and then he started genuinely reflecting a little bit oh these
people are got a bug up their ass about everybody you know next up he picking on poor Sid I hear
Sid is spectacular he's the greatest just ask him he'll tell you I mean some people have a big
ego some people are all ego as in his case you know Sid now you're going to enjoy working with him
from four to seven when's mad dogs deal expire I think mad dog I'm just guessing but I think he has
around yeah like 16 months I think he has left so a little bit a year and a half so it's not a
little bit premature wouldn't you think yeah to be hiring somebody to do a four to seven when mad dog
still got a year and a half and the idea that Sid is going to replace mad dog brother and
would not be something him be on an opposite levator while weren't those two at odds before when
they were on the same station yeah one can only imagine the kind of wild hysterical crap that
would go on in can you even begin to imagine I can begin yeah begin WQA M hello hey Neil yes sir
I don't know if we can continue our part of this job with this guy no no you can't Reverend Jones
just FYI okay no you can't and you won't and go away and if you die soon we'll have a party WQA M
hello I don't know if we're going to be able to continue calling you WQA M hello
you see they're always together the first two there Reverend Jones and the boyfriend
side by age talk about you and courtesiting each other's lap that's what they do now now why is
it that when I get rid of some of these calls you notice how can you see the thing on there yeah
is it on your screen where it's like I'm hold line six yeah yeah hey how's it going Neil
WQA M hello go on my fingers out there it's 480 oh my god that was Johnny Dullin
come from the ballpark for sure 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon and AT&T wireless line and from
all over the universe 1 877 7 8 5 6 3 4 5 how come in the beginning of the show that first hour
we got calls from what Jacksonville and Tennessee and and then that goofball and Connecticut
Connecticut I think he I think he killed it Canada oh yeah we got Adam Oshmock nothing really out west
though 6 97 on the pole if you're going to start caring about that pole man I won't believe that
I just want to hit 700 oh well it's not we hit 750 yesterday we had a lot more people listening
yesterday because it was much more compelling that thing from Walter Sabre was it was interesting
and it was also very disturbing it makes sense it makes sense but you talk about a flawed system my
god the subject has been exposed to coastline big and kiss QM wouldn't even register as the exposure
to the beeper was less than five minutes right even though his intent was to listen to the show
all day and he kept getting like side tracked etc. Don't you find that a little bit disturbing
will be on that the fact that people listen online makes a big difference too because A the
signal B because it's not like an office is going to have the show on for everybody in the office
to listen to so they got to listen online and you're not getting credit for that how do you know that
because that's the way the system works the online listening is counted differently than on
air listening so it's not included in those numbers we get no it's not WQA M hello
yes sir WQA M hello hey Neil yes sir I'm talking about consultants I noticed that in every
every morning show all across America every the the penalaphis sterically at any any little
things it's not even funny yeah just play that nonstop throughout the show and you get about
a 25 share okay thanks I don't think I play the cure in K-lap for it often about your water
sable would go nuts I wonder why she makes that gulfing sound beautiful I have one in my mouth
once oh yeah there's always for real 703 you'll be proud as punched there please this can be we
got 703 top of the six that at land at the Shawshank Redemption Stadium and the Marlins are leading
the Cardinals 4 to 1 in front of a spectacular crowd I'll say it again if they didn't have that
promotion going on today with the with Ron and Paul in the $10 tickets they wouldn't have a
thousand people there whoa don't get Paul upset it's not Ron and Paul Ron and old Paul
or is it all run oh old Ron and fat Paul good god my talk about living off the high off the hog
the only time I ever met him in my life was in a my Panther game at the old Miami arena 100 years ago
and he was like you know a little on the heavy set so I but he was never like a fat cow you know
yeah now he's just humongous oh it's uh what is that foul
and it is hooking
now it's a homerun this fear I think it hits a foul pull a two run homer so it's four to three
that's in the past tense by the way the Cardinals just got a two run homer
four to three I really don't care about this game or about anything to do with the Marlins but
nevertheless it's it's old Ron and Paul day out there so I'm just excited because I just learned
that the weekend I'm gonna be in Toronto for my baseball trip yeah I could play in a red socks
it's good day well I won't be going with you I'll say to that that's okay I'm sure you'll have
plenty of company you're coming up here with a bunch of guys yeah like eight of us I'm not buying
all them dinner either I'll buy you dinner but okay I'll get you a Toronto Blue J Hat one at the stadium
excellent Q.A.M. Hello how you doing man Jeff Daubler from Chaps with Black California bro how's it
going it's an awesome show yeah wait when did this thing come on when just when did you start
to is this a new fake voice what's going on how long you've been working on this one Reverend
Schmuck yeah WQ.A.M. Hello Q.A.M. Hello
what they're not hanging on long now hitting run artists yeah one thing about Reverend Jones
and the boyfriend will discover the worst fake voices in the history of crank calling
the ambulance you're listening to Neil Rogers just just just just tell me just tell me what your problem
there is a child living down in Mexico who has to go to work every day
so
sits at his desk making clothes for Kathy Lee loves the work but doesn't love the pain
they are the kids who make the clothing they are the ones who make the book a day so quick
complaining it's just close to making the time you love to buy it's true they make a
book a day with Kathy Lee all right what's not to like 16 till that's more than you're making on this
show yeah we sold a 79 certificates not too bad we got 46 left for the hard rock
Timises happening who you mentioned your Saturday show for your information your last one was your final show on
W.Y.N.Z before you moved to Zeta you were still doing them through your weekday tend to
toosden on that station my brother was one of your last callers so I remember how do you like that
that's a good memory wow his brother was one of the last callers Marlins are ahead four to three
in the bottom of the sixth over at the peach ball stadium whatever it's called what's it called
land shark stadium oh loan shark stadium
Paul says now that this is interesting this is very interesting okay if the new system uses a
beeper that listens for certain signatures in the radio program how about people listen with
headphones will this register in the beeper thing it has a headphone jack
is there a comma in that it has a headphone jack well what it is is I from what I told is that
it has the ability to plug your let's say walkman whatever you want to call it into that device and
then you plug your headphones into that device and it could pick up the if I had the ability to yeah yeah
if they take the time to do that if they take the time to then if they don't we're screwed yes
lot of I would imagine a lot of people have worked who listen to this show listen on your phones
because you know the boss doesn't want them cranking talk a talk show up right when you think I
would think so don't do it crank it up we're allowed so the whole office is exposed to it uh-oh
look at that it's gone it was just gone it's past tense not Ross glowed again oh my god I don't
know glowed but then then marlins are kicking ass today it's five to three aren't you whipped up
and then it orange and don't you feel bad that you're not out there with your buddies Ron and Paul
yeah a little bit old Ron and fat Paul that Paul by symbiote he's got enough cash now good
god he's eating up all the profits from that you're all excited that humongous wqa m hello
is Daniel yes sir I got one thing to say for mr. gagolia and mr. batty stink you off
that is stupid oh qa m hello hey deal yes sir hey listen uh the over the last couple of days when your
signal was fading in and out when everybody said that it sounded like waves right they got me thinking
and what it had more than waves to me what it sounded like was the Nazi boot steps of the
Beasley regime you kind of like a marching drum with joebell leading the pack and and joy's
bringing up the rear I hate you joy hope you get far off the cancer you bitch wow wow that was
special wasn't it woo I think I have a thing in here somewhere there is
the Beasley boots
let's just play that all day
I got off that marlin's thing because you know I was actually watching it and I just don't care
right not gonna pretend to care I just I don't care about any of the yourself photo sports
team see there you're going again you're out of touch the dolphins no I hate the dolphins
the heat I just I don't care about the NBA they win every game they lose every game it's the same
to me I'm indifferent the panthers I used to be a big fan you know you used to go to all the games
etc but the organization has been just run into the ground what's the last year of the
May they made the playoffs 18 or what yeah long time ago oh wait a minute my eyes deceive me
qa m hello hello
oh
line five was actually ringing I saw with my own eyeball
you're not impressed yeah and line six shows it's on hold for some reason I was because I just
hid it by accident oh qa m hello hello nil yes sir the tower is out on Virginia key on key
this game that's where it is now well listen if you know where it is please do us a favor and go out
there and pee on it trust me there's no ground system left there I'm sure that
have a nice day thanks for the good news oh it's out on Virginia key
why don't you go out there this afternoon and just bring bring the whole staff and just pee
all over the ground system whatever's left of it okay IOD you know the tower was in the bay
right behind the station there yeah and you could see the ground system like all just all
corroded and rotted out you know oh they got a pretty good signal
and it's a good thing for them that no but whatever happened with that court case with that
condo that wanted to do them they were going to build a condo or something it was going to like
block the damn tower and the whole signal everything oh I don't know I guess it didn't go through
damn it Jimmy syphilite by the way his website is 1.3 million and something on Alexa really
ours is 890,000 there 1.3 million way down the list way down there Jimmy oh my god 1.3
million god wdqym hello I don't miss roaches pretty good sir listen to your show if a walkman
have no problems then get no problems if they're talking about the signal stuff and slaughter
or do for Obama okay slaughter or do for Obama that's cute isn't it yeah very cute sick really sick
sad twisted pathetic wqym hello oh he is he's the worst you want to know why why because he's
not one of those people who thinks he's funny and he's not yeah it puts the blank in the basket
air that's his line that's his only line it puts the bleep in the basket we ever put you in the basket
a tiskot a task it let's stick your ugly ass in the basket you jerk you jackball you cymbal him
when you like to see some of these people while they're doing their thing on the phone
not really oh yeah I would just like I'd like to see who sent that email two nights ago
I'm sure it's p-lennie so we got called in on the carpet on that how we don't want to discuss it
on the ear but and he denied that he wrote it true well what where did where did that person get my
uh Yahoo email address that's a good question uh-huh very very few people have that email address
very few maybe four or five joe bella is one of them by the way I think I have it but I never use it
the Yahoo address I think I have it yeah oh but I always use this you know Neil Roger
Daniel at Neil Rogers dot com is easy because I'm checking that like a hundred times a minute
seven hundred seventeen votes on the pool wow greetings Neil great show flee is good Miss George
can you play the moist towelette tune George used to open his show with when you were not I don't
even know what it's all about Vince thanks for all the bedtime stories hope all as well
all his great Vince were kicking big smelly butt you know what he's talking about the moist towelette
song it's probably in a DCS I would think no no no you you know from the DCS it'll only take you
like about 40 years to familiarize yourself with the 80 million things in there and the things that
we are not a lot of play oh the things we're not allowed to play oh brother don't be don't be
up playing fast and lose you bet and you better learn to audition stuff on cue before you play
it on the ear if you do have any doubts oh yeah like that one with a deep bag in it before oh boy
do you know what I'm talking about you make me sick I'm not throwing up
well I got the deep bag in what is that in your mouth
certain things you never expect to come out of a person's mouth
the deep bag goes slides onto a nose what can you ever just keep your big mouth
sure
compete by my shock because I've got secure big mouth
deep bag goes goes to an easier the next thing I remember is having my knees and my ears
the two
go has tubes that are teeth yeah there's something in your teeth oh my god
I just I don't have a good feeling about this
oh
go get only gas now it's hard to talk to me if you'd like
how about I sit on your kinky face for a while why you think about that
bye right
