The music spread no don't go to the bar game listen to the show okay stay with us. We don't have the Martin
No more case through the morning
It's 11,000 people last night for the second year
You're listening to South Florida's 4.8
From the 5.6.5.
You two AM by AMA
Who's the 4.11?
You just hear you got a
You got ripped 5.16
That was a shot
That was a shot
You need a ride to your show
You got to take the car to the show
I didn't see Joe of all it's here to help you
You can date and browse
Yeah we didn't see Joe
That was your exact call for 877785
Neon or power 560 on your AT&T
And the ISO wireless phones
The opinions expressed by Neal
His guests or his colleagues
Do not represent those of WQA
Management staff of our sponsors
Now the Neal Roger show
On 560 WQAM
Have the season face off
It's the mole for sexual enhancement
Hello
This is Mojave de de de de de de de de
And I want to tell you about a product
That sexually enhances you
Now we can't just say
Well, and that wouldn't be right
But we're a wink and a nudge
Why this little pill here
Will make a thickerer and a widererer
Oh yeah, how?
These spots here never say why
We can't really say what it is
That gets thickerer or widerer
But I do notice
These hairpills
You okay?
Yeah, yeah
Feels like I got a cuckold
You know, Delie
Last night I had the best sex I ever had in my life
Yeah
Why sure?
It reminded me of my college days
When I had four chicks in a room
All doing me at the same time
You did?
No
For the more
Nine out of ten scientists invented these hairpills for bodyguards
Tones out of tight religious types
Who get the spunkies when you play fought sounds
They don't care if you push the crap out of these things
And now the pharmaceutical companies
They got a soul person as garbage
What are you trying to pull?
Sorry!
What were you pulling that thing?
I'm wider
And stick that and it will go down
Try to fold it and put that at something
Don't give things I already tried that
What do you think I got it in this blinker?
No!
Remember if you got a little noodle
Smallow a bottle
And if you don't need them, buy them anyway
Yeah
Okay, 10.02 at 5.60 WQA
I'm happy Wednesday to you
Oh, a lot of stuff a lot of crap going on
Yesterday we had crap on the floor
And then Joe just found out about it
He knew about it
Yeah, he just talks crap
You know, he just talks a lot of crap
And of course, Zach, whatever Joe says
Oh yeah, Joe!
Oh wow!
Well that raspi sound
But that's okay, at least I didn't hear
I were windbag this morning. Was he on?
Not that I hope not
Hope not, I see the heat lost
That's what I read, I don't know that I care
Do you care about the heat?
I like to heat
Do you?
Oh, not me
And then the marlins won again
But nobody cares because for the second game
After they failed to sell out the opening night
11,924 it says
Which means 5,6,000 tops
Wow
Week
Lame
And the Panthers, they
They took it up the shoot in Philly
Right in the 5 hole
That game was on TV by the way, it was on on the Philly Telecast was on
Panthers not telecasting a whole bunch of games this year including some of the most important ones like last night
Which they lost 2 to 1
And the Rangers won
Rangers, Rangers, yeah they won, they beat Montreal 3 to 1
So they're right up against the wall now
They have to win both their last two games in hope
Hope
For the best
Am I right?
Yep, Rangers, Rangers, Montreal
Philly's tomorrow I think the flyers
The Philly's?
The flyers
Well off you Philly's tomorrow, Harry Callis will be calling that game
Harry Callis will let the sound
Well, he's just horrible
You know Harry Callis
Oh yeah
And if he'll film his crap
Yep
He's a John Fesenda wannabe
He could look John Fesenda's ass
Allo John Fesenda is dead so probably he couldn't resist
Well, here's a panic email to get us started this morning
Total panic
From Marissa
Now the problem with that is that I know it's John's ETR because I guess he thinks I've got a bad memory
Marissa Thomas had big booty Marissa
That this is already John's ETR admitted to being this fake emailer
Subject is a true George got fired
Hey, oh my god, what happened to George
I listened yesterday it was you and some other guy then I when I asked my brother
He said that George got fired
He said that someone got on your Monday and sounded distraught and they said that you and George were in a meeting to discuss his firing
What did George do to get fired?
Please don't do this to him. He's a good employee
Why do you have to be like that?
Give George a chance. Please. I can't listen to your show if it's just you without George
Please get back to me
Fake Marissa aka John's ETR
Very weak job this morning John
Very weak
Bringing back reprise in an old fake identity
Big booty Marissa
I mean does that sound authentic to you with some
Bitch I mean some fat broad. Oh, yeah, using the email address like that Marissa Thomas had big booty Marissa at g max.com
Women like me called big booty. Yeah
Oh, how sad how really tragic that is
Oh
Norma can't
I don't think that it is right that after negotiating your five-year deal last spring you paid me nothing and this year
You doubled it the way the market turned out your deal is not looking too bad. Yeah, that's right
Whatever you say Norma go away fishing around for money. You're getting exactly what you deserve this year nothing
The the economy goes in the crapper. He sends me a bill for more than I've paid him for years
Which at this point I still haven't heard about that the lunch with Joe Bell
You know more about it than I do
Now what happened to that other great oh here it is from the fake Tom jicke
Leave it to Norma to interrupt my show can't be a very important point of the show in the beginning
Where we try to get off on the right foot right?
Yep, George did not get fired George is on vacation this week. I'll love beyond vacation next week
So it's me and flee this week and George and flee next week got it fake John ZTR
Fake Tom jicke says George Sedona whipped up and I guess you heard about this huh? Yeah right from the horses ass
George Sedona went on a warpath yesterday
I've no any call-out station management called the morning situation and embarrassment and embarrassment at the waxy
790 the ticket stick it and
I have a very good spy report from flee that Steve white the program director did the morning show again this morning
Here's a show a station with no morning show here's
A station with no morning show. Mm-hmm
Whoever heard us such crap
How do you like that Norma Kent?
Nootling me for money. What's up with that? I can't afford to support the whole world. Okay. Sorry Norma
You're getting exactly what you're doing for me this year, which is nothing nothing and everything got an update on that lunch with Joe Bell or any of my issues anything
They had lunch together. What Norma and Joe Bell had lunch together. I don't know. I don't know if they ever had the lunch or not
They've had several lunches
Norma used to have lunch with Greg Reed at some sushi place
I guess Greg was big into sushi, which probably explains a lot about his mental condition. Mm-hmm
But um, yeah, you like sushi? Uh, no
I wouldn't eat it if they paid me by the bite. I mean, oh my god. How can anybody eat something that's looking back at them
Suci
Which here's the pool and and we got some good news on the pool too
Which of these talentless overrated actors makes you most ill to look at Adam Sandler who was
Sucking wind in second place all the day and all night he made a big run at the end and took the lead
Adam Sandler 128 will feral 124
Pretty close nip and tuck
Martin Lawrence 84 Jim carry 69 will smith 68 can't stand him
It's not a racial thing, but I'm sure some people say oh if he was white you'd like him
I can't I wouldn't care if he was purple. I just can't stand him
He's arrogant and just obnoxious. He thinks his stuff don't stink
Then we can bring him into a grapple load on the floor because it don't stink
Then you'd help clean it up, wouldn't you
What are you doing? Oh, I don't want to hear him no, Will Smith
And you remember Carlo and godfather clean it up clean it up you spoiled guinea brant remember that yep
Slice to low in 64 then still are 63 vindiesel 44 canna Reeves 43 you fairy Tommy Cruz you fair 40
Kevin Costner 36 Mel Gibson 34 John B Volta you fair 29
Jack black 26 I know j black, but I don't know jack black who is that again? He's a comedian. He's kind of funny
No
George Clooney 23 Eddie Murphy 20 Robert Downey Jr19 Ben Affleck 15 Brendan Fraser 12 Tom Hanks 11 Russell Crote 10
964 votes not a bad tally Sally and we got a new poll up there now for you
All those polls all those numbers is it true that George got fired from a fat ass marissa. Yeah
Very bad john ZTR very weak
I mean come up with something new and original yeah
790 waxy parrot up 36% government may give bailout to insurers Lincoln national
Do we care about that? No, why do we care about that?
You care about Lincoln national were they're Lincoln financial
That owns the radio station so yeah, I know
Oh, here we go beautiful downtown Miami pictures somebody again selling me Miami. I'm glad you like it there. Okay. Stay there. I won't
Glad you like it. I don't
Could you add dropped out of school to today's poll? Oh
Okay, can you add that sir drop by the school
Now let's see what is today's pool if you could take back a single moment in my life who would be when blank
I said something hurtful to someone 24. I said I do 12
Having sex with that person nine. I didn't wear a condom 7. I accepted a job 5. I pulled a trigger for
I have no regrets liar. It says three liar
Yeah, I had that one more drink three. I ran a red light too. I tried to beat that train one
Didn't make it I guess I signed the divorce papers one. I signed a contract one
That was you ran for I accepted someone's deer or I dared someone to do something out of the first 72 votes
How today's very prestigious and highly important pool
Now when you hear the next
email
You're just gonna plots. I'm gonna save it. Okay for after the break
It's from the fake time jickigan. It's about stand major or stand major. I mean give me a break
Give me a freaking break all you radio groupies out there. I think Steve Ziggler the xio d engineer over there and where the hell is he retired Venice
I think he's the one that's impersonating all these people
sending all this old iod trivia
I
Mean does anybody remember who the hell stand major is or what oh probably not too many now
Do you remember stand major now see
I
I think we ought to spend a lot of time talking about people that nobody knows who they are or who they were
All you fake e-mailers out there come up with some fake people who actually have been on the air in the last 20 years that somebody remembers who they are that would be a good idea
Right yes like the fake um
Somebody jacks jerks the fake jerks
And remember him oh he got one morning there on a morning show. We got a try out that was funny
I got a try out he was farting too much and who else got the try out
Uh, Ed burliner burliner. Yeah, and us Steve white the PD is back doing mornings. They have no morning show across the street
Norhe Sennano's ripping them an ass
Feel Rogers got it's Dave canner party or whatever you want to call me
But I'm the genital langler of 940 WR and Z you know
Like me you'll probably heard of red rumors about 940 going all sports. Well, I see it this way
Now that we have a black
President
It's clear the clear channel message hasn't worked and since 940 had its first decent trend in years with the progressive news talk format
I say let's drop it and add to the growing number of sports stations
Hey, why not? I'm today's brand of radio bum hole
You know broadcasters today feel a big ratings number means too much work
You so let's make life easy by not providing any product at all local programming others in sports
Player channel says no and so do I especially having a black
Resident now I say we can program national sports so all you can talk about is black guys
Huh? Huh? Is that a great idea? You know my mother always said I was a great idea boy
So we're gonna change format. I mean I've heard all the complaints and here's what we're gonna do
We're gonna make it feel like every time your neighbor's dog goes on your lawn. He leaves a sports station behind
Now on 940 W I and E will now be known as the filthy sports animal
And our airweds will smell like it too. What a great idea. I am telling you. I'm just bursting forth with phenomenal radio ideas
The filthy sports animal
Go dolphins and you and why didn't you help Joe Bell clean up the mess yesterday flee? That's not my job. Oh
Isn't his job either but he was a real trooper right and I guess because the place is so
vacant these days there's nobody else to do that kind of thing. Oh, yeah
I mean if Allison was there still there she probably would have done it
All right, and by the way, did your program director also send you the same email
He sent me yesterday, but we can't say this and we can't say that and said her and so on
Yeah, it's a little surprised about the new ratings thing right when I'm talking about it
Can't say this can't say that don't say and I said by I've sent him back an email
I said well, I'm used to a can't say this and can't say that so don't bother me. I'm here
Oh, don't say this and don't say that don't do this and don't do that
It's all a no one in this company is don't don't
Can't won't
That was up 30 points not too exciting. It's 30 man. Yeah, big deal
Okay, here's that time jikker thing about Stan major. I don't even know if it's worth reading this is so idiotic
On my car radio this morning Glen Fry's you belong to the city came on
That song always reminds me of Stan major
What
Stan would always play the song on w i n z and w i o d
At the end of the song is over a minute long instrumental. It's perfect for drop-ins
Stan would always play the Don Johnson calls in there Don Johnson needs a haircut
And before you go can you please do one thing for me play
Freeze major mommy vice-rounder rest
It would make my day listen to this it would make my day if you play this song and the drop-ins
In honor of Stan this morning
What can you do it for all time sake? I'll have a Milky Way dark and Stogie in your honor
What kind of content you want doing to the six this is just pathetic
Pathetic I'd like to fight who this person is and just horse whip them. They need to be drawn in quartered
I'd even pay a quarter to have somebody do it
Can you believe this crap? No
People are dying all over the world heart bloodshed and murder and chaos
Crazy people with guns are shooting
Jinnons of people and some idiot out there is some obsessive groupie idiot
Rights garbage like this by the way the emails are not now yesterday
They were great. They just kept coming and coming. They just kept flowing through all the way through
I can see today's not going to be like that
Neil at nearodgers.com. That's where we get our emails
And
I'm looking on there right now nothing nothing new just a bunch of stupid polls from before from Sean and this one and that one
I mean, you know, it's okay, but
nothing
Now can you can you uh
Relate to that can you understand that? No, not really. Why is it that some days like yesterday? They just kept coming through and I mean
There was nothing special going on yesterday
And here we are me and flea today and nothing zero is today some kind of holiday or something
No, today's the whole that's right. It's pace off isn't that starting it was it last night or tonight
I don't know when I left this morning the house. There was a bunch of cars parked outside of the
Whatever it is. Sure. Right there. Yeah
Oh, there's a bunch in my neighborhood every block out
Have the season pace are
Have the season pace are
Have the season pace are
In the case you missed it
Yeah, never never too late to say happy poem
We got no home in touch in this year
I can't find any here. There aren't too many Jewish people from India or from China
Or from Jamaica or Sri Lanka. No
That seems to be generally I've come to the conclusion. I had a good day finally would buy in yesterday. Thank the Lord. Thank God
um
I've come to the conclusion that 90% of the people have patronized that place are not
Like white Canadians or white Americans or white they're like ethnic. You know, I'm saying
Mm-hmm, Ruskies. I mean Ruskies are white, but nevertheless you know, I'm saying yeah
They're not like real Canadians a lot of Russians down here now
Oh, yeah, John ZTR says that ain't me you're full of crap
Oh, I think you're confusing the two fakes. I have Madeline the fat cow and Teresa
I ain't that Marissa gal. Yeah, Madeline and Teresa. He put them together got Marissa likely story John ZTR
Big boob Marissa. Yeah, it sounds legit to me not
What is with these people and that's all I got that that's what I got after I my plea
I
Think I'm gonna put a fleet back on today. Just do the show solo. Uh-oh
Let's take a look at the schedule for today. There's no big today. So you got a little break there
We got DA from 2 to 4 which is definitely an upgrade
4 to 7 mad dog at our gustar at where the masters their freezing their asses off the off at night 7 8 then the beast 8 to 11 wow
What's that all about that's because DA's doing afternoon. So we need to fill in there for night mm-hmm
And we got to clearance his boyfriend the beast 8 to 11
What do you think of that?
Oh, whatever
Huh? Come on
Nobody listens at night anyway. Oh, that's true. They can't hear it even if they wanted to they can't hear it right no emails
Nothing that thing is just blank. In fact if I eliminated all those old ones on there were the polls
Uh, there it would just be a blank
slate
Pretty lame if you ask me oh, they must be all getting ready for what's coming up at noon of the marlins
They're all the way to the marlins game. Oh, if you think they had a bad crowd last night just wait till this afternoon
a midweek midday game against the nationals
Oh, just the gnats against the horrendous grotesque gnats formerly the Montreal expose
Wow, that's lame
The only the only and the really sad part of it is if we still had the marlins and we've losing other million bucks a year or more on it like we always have
Uh, if we still had the marlins we'd be getting out of here earlier today
Wouldn't that be a breath of fresh air oh, yeah
Somebody a fax this in and you were afforded to me. I guess
Colorado man coughs up inch long nail
Yeah, I printed that up and I sent it over to you
Or you printed this up. Yeah, I thought somebody faxed it in
Colorado Springs Colorado for what kind of an image that PR ax
Prax Sanchez it is he doesn't recall any serious hammer in nail misheps in his past
Yet doctors administering an MRI on the 72 year old Colorado man last month
I abruptly stopped the exam to tell him there seemed to be something metallic in his face
Right after the MRI Sanchez coughed up an inch long nail
His doctor Jameson Kennedy told television station KKTV in Colorado Springs the nail might have been embedded in his nose as long as 30 years
It is nose
When you think you'd know if you had a nail an inch long nail in your nose you would think
I mean even if you're just picking you know is like oh there's something sharpened and nasty inside it
The MRI's magnetic force apparently dislodged the nail causing Sanchez to cough it up
Sanchez says he can't remember ever using a nail like it. I'll probably frame it. He said Friday. Oh my god
Where there's no sense? There's no feeling 72 year old man walking around with an inch long nail is in his schnauz
You ever hear such a thing? No
Let me just take a look before the break and see if there's any emails on there
Because if not, I think you're doing the rest of the show. I'm illan. Oh
Here's one. Oh it's Brandon. Well, thank god for that
I suppose Jo and Zach assume that flea was just gonna have you leave you hanging to clean the crap
Yeah, that's right. He was just gonna walk out of the studio and go on. Oh forget about Jo and Zach. Okay
It's the same old crap like when we had the first team in Defoe. Oh Defoe is obviacation
But we can't say that on the air so Defoe isn't rehab and Vegas somewhere
You know all they they talk silly stuff because that's the sports mind, you know
They can relate to silly crap like what's his name?
Stormy storm cat. Oh
And I were windbaggy can't get much sillier than that
Holy cow errands coming come one come all
Hey y'all it's Britney Spears with another blog update
Well, I'm here with my new boyfriend. He's a backup dancer. Oh my tour
And we're about to watch an important speech from president Obama turn on the TV babe
Americans
Did I hear what I think I heard the economy is back on track? That's awesome
Ah, senior it's a Britney oh ha can swayla. She's my housekeeper y'all
See senior it's a Britney
Yo tengo un mensaje mas importante
English please can swayla oh
Your
Hanging out
Grasping dang I didn't even know she spoke English
Uh babe, I think she said your
Hanging out. Oh, I'm J so embarrassing. Let me step this back in
Okay, that's it for today's blog
TTY
Yo
Oh
That thing just keeps flopping and flipping you know what
1032 at 560 WQM flea is here today. He's not speaking at the moment. That's all right. I'm here
You want to hear an apology from the fake Rick Riley? Okay
Well, actually there's some emails coming in other starting out
We're a little bit slow this morning. I think because people were protesting against Joe Rose
And Zach making up stories about Joe Bell cleaning that was a true story by the way
But we had it we had to blow by blow on it. Yep. Yesterday the white by white. Yeah, the white by what the lick by lick
Joe Bell cleaning up feces from the floor from an overflow from an explosion
And did we ever find out who left the uh nope?
Who left the dogs out? No, not yet
God I can't even begin to imagine what kind of and and how did how did the kid under the door
Well, I guess it was already backed up and Jesse went in there and flushed it again and then it took over
Oh
Get out the old plunger baby. I always got to have a plunger handy
And sometimes they actually work most of the time not I don't I don't know
I guess not that I've used them that often in my lifetime, but they they work
Right
Yeah, and then what do you wash the plunger off in when you're finished using that where do you stick that you put it on the floor?
Yeah, I guess sequel matter on the bottom of it. Oh that bathroom. So disgusting anyway. Oh yeah, oh that one is
Fat boy
Left us splatter in there some years ago that I don't think has ever ever totally uh
Gone
It hangs anyway the fake Rick Riley says last week I sent you an email making the point that I felt the show had turned into a private conversation between you and George
That made it difficult for your audience to participate
You I remember that fake email from the fake Rick Riley having thought about what I said
I realized it's not your show that's the problem. It's your audience
Most of us have absolutely nothing worldwide I'll contribute and have to be drip fed material in the hope that something will possibly trigger a pertinent response
I
Would therefore like to apologize and say that it takes a two-town to talk for four hours of your day to an audience who cannot be bothered or are
Uncapable of contributing anything relevant or interesting to the show that is correct. That's why they call me
They'll cut and no criticism doesn't bother you and that it's only a radio show
But their marks I made were on call for I just wanted to let you know I regret sending the email from the fake Rick Riley
Are you touched by that or what oh yeah, yeah touch this that was up 30 points. It's not going anywhere
Just like this show. It's not going anywhere. Did you see the breaking news on another pirate attack?
I don't care about pirate attack 20 Americans taken hostage. Oh, that's yesterday's news. Oh, it is
Yeah, huh?
CNN is running in that's somewhere in my mind. I got that somewhere in my desperation pile like if I
Oh, here and this one is important
Danis is I've listened to you on and off over the years and you're right. I don't miss the calls keep going forever
Love your show. Thank you Dana. She don't miss the calls. Neither's anybody else with a brain
I'm your friend. I'm your friend. What kind of a simple thing we're listening to that except for jolly joe bill
And you and you can probably verify it that he paid those guys to make those calls. I'm sure of it
And Norma's given me a song to dance. Oh, how come I didn't get paid by you know what Norma stick it
You're getting them paid exactly what you've been worth the last well however long
And now he's raven about what a great deal. I got this new five-year extension. How great it looks in retrospect
Yeah
Like everybody knew there was going to be this massive depression. Didn't they know that? Oh, yeah, yeah
They're smart. They're not like Fred. Oh, they're smart
Mike says listen you in Tampa online. I was one of your listeners
From your Tampa gig met you in clear water that crazy day great to hear you Tampa radio still sucks
It's better than Miami used to play of some guys short laugh. There was always my favorite
Some guy short laugh like this
Like that. That's a rick. Oh, Riley. We stole that from Rick and so it's
So thanks Mike Mike is in Tampa. You're all the stomping grounds. All right
No, it's not all right. Oh horrible place now
Blackie who's really chronic. Oh good. Good morning. Just want to let you know I'm off to Vegas later today good
I don't plan on plunging my guts down the slots. I do plan plan on plunging in the pool and it's spirit rhino
I wonder Britney Vajagel be hanging out in Vegas
I'll give you regards to mow green and the fellows enjoy your vacation in your time in woodbine
I'll give you a full report on the shenanigans in Vegas. Nice win by the Leafs last night
Blackie says yeah really significant they beat Jersey 4-1 and a totally meaningless game
Martin Gerber outplayed Martin Ruder the frog
Martin Gerber he played great in a meaningless game
There's some choke teams that really stink the joint out when a game counts and when it means nothing is like oh
There were beaters, you know now the sabers are here tonight
Yes, maybe I'll go watch that game. Yeah, be good. I will not no
I will never go my own say never I don't think I'll ever go to the air Canada Center again
Maple Leaf Gardens. I loved it was a great place. I went to a lot of games there a lot of games
The scare Canada Center. Oh my sterile is the inside of an oxygen tent
I just don't like it
Diner dials 911 over shrimp order. This is a good story. See him
Oh, and fat Chris sent me an email this morning was having trouble getting the stories up
And I noticed that he got five or six of them up there finally
But and maybe because I haven't sent those texts yet to him and
Cordis could be maybe this weekend. What do you think? Yeah, maybe not I got vacation next week
And I got plenty of time sit around think about these things. Halt them city, Texas
A woman dialed 911 Monday afternoon to report that she didn't get extra shrimp in her
Fried rice order
So many dumb people out there. It's just a scary as what it is
The incident happened at AMD buffalos in the 4000 block of east built duck nap street in Halt
Haltum HALTOM city, Texas
Restaurant employees said the woman originally left with her order but came back claiming she didn't get her full
$1.62 worth of extra scymp
Shit since she'd already left the building with her food. They refused to give her refund
Of course she started yelling and screaming brought her boyfriend and they started making a scene in here
Said Alex Kim the restaurants manager
Employee said that when the irate woman called 911 to try to get help from the police
I always get the scene fried rice saw I said I'm gonna get extra meat this time
But they didn't even put extra shrimp in there. She told the operator
The woman also told the operator she demanded either a refund or the additional
crustaceans and that she decided to place the
Emergency call when she was met with resistance
I'm just saying get a police officer up here. What has to happen?
The call has the operator. What do I have to do to get police up here?
A Haltum city police officer was dispatched to the scene
But the woman was no longer at the restaurant when he arrived
Maybe she went off fishing for some extra scymp
Police spokesman Cody Phillips said she likely will not be punished for her call
You have to make a phone call in a non-emergency situation and remain silent or be abusive or obscene to the 911 call taker
She was knitting on those things, Phillips said
The incident mirrors the march episode in Florida in which the woman dialed 911 about her McDonald's order in that case
Police arrested the woman remember that one. Oh, yeah, remember it well like it was only moments ago
Bitch restaurant employees said they actually expect to see the woman again
She's a frequent customer and if she does come again
They'll be more than happy to take care of her. They said I have an incredible story
Just this this brought it back to mind something happened to me yesterday. You will never believe it okay? I would buy
You know
Somewhere in this city there is at least one honest
Roger
Real American a-hole
We salute you Mr. karaoke host at the neighborhood bar guy
You lug your crap around night after night
Just so some drunken slob can butcher piano man
Your equipment is state of the art your karaoke collection is the best
But you are 42 years old and you still live with mother
You fancy yourself as an entertainer, but does it really take any talent to introduce Sue and Josh singing
Margaritaville
Sure your cushy gink means you meet a lot of chicks, but they all smell like hot wings and look like John Madden
So we salute you Mr. karaoke host at the neighborhood bar guy
Your my space page your nine volt batteries and your posted notes
You are a real American a-hole yes plan. Oh sorry 1045 and 560 WQM
When you hear this story you're I don't know if you're going to believe it or not it's true though okay
So I'm it would buy me yesterday and having a pretty good afternoon and
I you know now now that you have the tickets in the machines there's no more coins
You know you just punched the when you want to take out whatever you got in there
You just punched the thing out and gives you a ticket right and then you take it to the cashier when you're ready or or you put it in another machine
Mon
So what I wanted to do was take a large ticket to the cashier and get a whole bunch of twenties
You follow what I'm saying okay? Yeah, I like playing 20s better than hundreds
I don't know hundreds. It just seems like it goes faster 20s. I don't know
So I go to them walking toward the cashier and I reach into my woodmine wallet
And I've got a whole bunch of tickets in there
And I pulled out a ticket and it said $1350 on it. I figure okay. That's that's a whole bunch of twenties
That'll do I go to the cashier I hand her the ticket and it says 795 bucks
And she cashes it and I thought
Am I losing it and I look in my woodmine wallet to see if there's a ticket and
midst of all that bunch of 1350 and there's not
Now I start getting really nervous. I'm thinking to myself. I bet you I had two tickets kind of like stuck together
You know, and as I went to the cashier I must have dropped one somewhere
I'm not sure but I'm thinking
And the whole afternoon which I had a really good afternoon
But I'm thinking in the back of my mind. Gee. I wonder if I just lost 1350 bucks on the floor
That would be bad. Yeah, and there's no way I'm ever gonna find it right no way
So I go and I win a bunch of money and I before I leave this is it goes to show you a blind luck
When you have in luck you have it and when you don't you don't
When you don't you're working for Beasley
I'm sitting and when I never play this thing. It's the biggest scam
I've won a grand on a couple of times which I think is the most you can win
It's the two cent wheel of fortune thing with a big wheel and everybody sits around if you ever seen that thing
Yeah
You have I have while it's right in the front they have one it would buy
And before I left either where there was a couple open seats there
So I figured well sit down and give it a shot even though this thing is generally you don't even get a you don't get the spin
I put in a few bucks. I hit the button a couple times and all of a sudden two guys one of my big black guy approached me with suits on
You know with suits and they have that what do you call that thing hanging from their neck?
Oh, I don't know
Well like like official uh, you know like employees. Okay, like a bads or a credit
That's it now you're talking okay, and so this big black guy shakes my hand. He reaches out his hand shakes my hand
I thought oh, what did I do now?
And he said
Did you lose something here today
You won't believe this and the other guy the other he says um, you know, we we saw you drop
A ticket on the floor and he holds it up in there 1350 bucks. Wow
That's amazing. Somebody listen somebody found it and turned it in
That would never happen down here
It would never happen if I found it
If you find it listen, you don't have to have any identification
You have to I mean you just take the ticket to the cashier and a cashier no questions asked yeah
I'm not gonna lie I would have cashed it
Yeah, and so what I if I found a ticket for there with all the money I've lost in that place last five years
If I found 1350 dollar ticket on the floor or any amount I'd take it and cash it
I
Had rushed to the cashier. Hey guess what I got
And some schmuck are signing some very nice honest person and I have no idea who it was nor did they
turned it in
And the guy the one the black guy said me says oh yeah, we've been looking for you all afternoon and finally found you here
Wow because you know they got the cameras they can see everything right
Now how how much tape did they have to look through
To see me dropping that one of the two tickets on the floor the two must have been like pretty much stuck together
And I dropped the one on the floor
Is that an incredible story or what that's a good story gives you how it's a great story for me
And I thank them profusely and they
Checked my driver's license and my shoe size and took a look inside my
Just to make sure everything was kosher and away they went in a way I went was it a pure rectum or an unpear rectum
You mind your own business get your nose out of there, okay
And
Another great story that is
I mean once in a great while in life something really lucky happens to you and that was it
I mean be one thing if I saw you drop it I would say hey hey you dropped this and I would hand it to you
But if I just saw the ticket on the floor with nobody standing around it. I'm caching it
right
Somebody's uh found a ticket on the floor and they realized somebody dropped it and they're so damn honest
I mean you know
I appreciate the fact that they were honest otherwise I would have lost the
$1,350 and eventually I would have discovered guess what that ticket's not in here anymore. I lost it
I mean there was a couple of honest people if you think about it the guy that turned it in was honest the person that took
It was honest because they could easily call the friend and say hey come here and cash his ticket
I just found one with $1,300 on it right. We'll split it
I mean it's one thing to be honest. It's another thing to be stupid honest
Now do you agree with me on that or not? Yeah, no I do
I mean I appreciate the fact that somebody was that honest because it helped me out
But I just can't believe there's anybody that much of a fool unless
Unless they were afraid that somebody was that you know they were being watched from both and somebody saw them pick the ticket up
But I mean I'm sure that there's plenty of tickets on the floor, you know like for two cent and one cent
Whatever people throw that crap on the floor. Mm-hmm. How would they know how much the ticket was worth
And how would they know that they weren't the one who dropped it right?
They were picking up their own ticket, you know
Just because somebody bends over in the middle of casinos. I mean they're gonna go into a panic upstairs
But can you imagine in the detail how much they watch in all casinos?
They're watching if you pick your nose. They're watching real close
And you happen to still be there you could have left
Say what I mean and you just happen to still be there you could have left. Oh, yeah
You know something I was on the way out that that's the that's the miracle of the story
I almost never played that two cent wheel of fortune thing that big it's a sucker game
is it's horrible
And you have to get like three patent vanners to get the spin and all this other crap
It just it's garbage
But I just happened to be in the mood. I was way ahead and I figured well put a couple of twenties in there
You know, I'll give it a shot otherwise. I would have been out the door
And when he said we've been looking for you. I thought oh, oh did I win too much or what you know
Like in Vegas if you win too much in the old days
They take out in the back and break your legs don't do it again like that. That was down two dollars
1.99
Isn't that a great story? I mean, you know probably people are saying oh well kneels on ear saying you shouldn't be honest
I'm not saying you shouldn't be honest, but don't be honest and stupid
Like if you find a bag of money somewhere with like thousands of dollars in it
um
Would you just not take the money and run?
In today's economy man forget about today's economy just just stored narrowly just you know as they all of course they say in China
As they all
By the way happy pace off to all our 10 Jewish friends
We don't have a lot of Jews anymore. You're upset because I won't kiss Israel's ass. Mm-hmm
I'm not big on terrorists Muslim terrorists Jewish terrorists. I'm not big on terrorists
I'm not big on butchers. You know American butchers Iraqi butchers Iranian butchers. I'm not big on that
Oh
The real let's see drew Rosenpina says
Neo-Desa day flea correctly noted the problem with Rosenpina's on Joe show was he says nothing if I might it goes beyond that wow
I know these are sports stories you probably don't give a rants ass about but assuming for the sake of argument that
Roses show ought to be addressing sports stories
Rosenpina's is at the hardest several big stories i.e.
Terrell Owens getting released and picked up by the bills
A plexigal burst getting arrested released by the giants having an arbitrator described a misused bonus over the giant's objection
Yet he never discusses these on Joe show and be worse yet
Joe never dares to ask him about these types of events or to challenge Jewish
Pablo, instead allowing Drew to puff up his business and his fabulous personal life. How you do with the ladies?
Right, it says god how I hate Rosenpina's a major fraud and phony
Thanks, I'll sign the real mofo
How do you like that? I'm with them
Somebody who's got the balls to rip Drew Rosenpina's the ass he deserves
He is so bad and what did you say you say he has nothing to say
Right, he takes money you're in kisses clients asses that's all yep
So let me ask you folks out there would you that would be a good pull question if you found a
ticket on the florida casino or a bunch of money on the floor would you return it or would you pocket it?
Don't you think that's a good question? I mean we're not doing that pull right now
But you know what some future date like in about five minutes
Evid Ali the audience is non-plus by that story. There's no the emails are really we can slow today
We could take calls, but we're not taking any calls you take the calls off the air okay, I'm your friend
Hi Ron. Hi Ron. It's moron
The doubts up to you point so I made a little comeback for a second there
I thought we were gonna have like a red negative day that would be really bad
PR Ralph Puerto Rican Ralph says sent the holy schedule last week
Passover starts at sundown tonight happy paysock don't eat any 11 bread you're gonna burn in hell
Such nourish right such nonsense
God and tell sleigh bag not to categorize all Puerto Ricans
We all do not have anything indicating we are weekends like CDs flags banners etc only most
Oh see you said that that's your anti-portrait can you pick that up from George? I love the Puerto Ricans
It's this funny that they had you know they all have the flag of the Puerto Ricans how many Puerto Ricans do you know?
Well, I like three or four, but the ones that I know I like a lot they're cool. I got no beef with them
It's just funny that they all have their flags somewhere on their car. Yeah. How many Cuban flags do you see in South Florida?
Not as many as Puerto Rican
Come on really? Yeah, I'm telling you wow
Man on motorized bar stool charged with the UI. This is a good story
Yeah, I saw the bar stool too. Did you see a picture of it? No, oh man. It's like a bar stool on a lawn mower
It's got a link to it, but I think the links stink. Yeah, and I just don't do links basically. It's a bar stool attached to like a lawn mower
Yeah, well, what's wrong with that? I don't know is this story at a Tampa
Uh, let's see one moment, please. I'm printing it out
Don't get pushy. Sorry
Oh, Ohio. Oh, okay. Well
Newark Ohio. I know of New York and Newark New Jersey, but I didn't even know there wasn't Newark. How did you know that? No?
What an educational friggin show
This is the Neal Roger show
Rock solid
Just as your brain you you you you you you you you fairy any questions
If you still think sports is in gay and hardcore sports fanatics are
Embarmancing wilted marries then you miss this
I
I'm gonna miss you land
You post the on my wall
And I just broke in your post the on my wall because I love land
I'm more for land. I'm getting more
But he was leurntown boys
I
I'm going to get the stroke his thighs.
Oh God, what a thought.
It's 1102 at 560 WQ.
Don't forget Noah Bigo.
Broxol.
He got D.A. Bigo's on vacation a few days or something you said.
Something like that.
I'll be on vacation all week next week so you can start a lot of rumors about Neil Godkand
and they paid me off in the audience.
It'll be George and Flea next week.
You guys do great together right here.
Yeah?
We have fun.
And you and what's his name?
Do we do good together?
What's his name?
We're twenth.
I don't know.
Here's the poll results so far 180 vote on the new poll if I could take back a single moment
in my life who would be when blank.
I said something hurtful to someone.
53.
I said I do.
35.
Having sex with that person.
20.
I accepted a job.
15.
I didn't wear a condom.
14.
I had that one more drink.
11.
Droped out of school seven.
I have no regrets.
Lire, it says in parentheses, liar.
7.
Who has no regrets?
Do you believe there's any such person?
No.
I pulled a trigger.
6.
I signed a contract.
5.
I tried to beat that train too.
Now if they tried to beat the train and they regret it, then how come they still are around
to talk about it?
Must have been kind of like a real pansy train, you know?
Yeah.
Maybe like a Lionel train.
Remember Lionel?
Oh yeah.
You know Lionel was a collar on the Lancet or show, you were wear that?
No.
Yes.
That's how he got on the ear.
Wow.
Does that mean Stormcats getting his on show?
Oh yeah, Stormcat 2-4.
It couldn't be any worse.
I ran a red light too.
I signed the divorce papers too.
I accepted someone's dare one.
And I ripped somebody off none.
I dared somebody do something none out of 180.
Yeah, it kind of hang with you.
I feel like dared somebody to jump off the ninth floor balcony or something like that.
I dare you to do it and then they did it.
Oh geez, I shouldn't have done that.
Well, or all depending on who they are.
Right.
But that was up 23 again.
It made up 30 for a little while there and then it was the end of that.
Oh yeah, Obama, the Cheapet.
Didn't we have that story yesterday?
Yeah.
Walgreens pulled the Obama Cheapet.
Had it.
Oh, and Edward comes back with a picture of the bar stool.
Oh.
Isn't that special?
Man, that screen is quite trash.
The bar stool stuck in the middle of a power morgue.
Am I right?
Yeah.
The bar stool is stuck where the seat is and the morgue is it, it's a neat thing.
Yeah, I like to see the person that drove it.
You can mold it lawn and do a whole bunch of stuff at the same time.
Wow.
Well, thanks a lot, Ed.
You're a hell of a guy.
Question about the lost casino ticket.
Ask somebody here.
If you report to the casino, you've lost a ticket for a specific amount.
Can't they notify the cashiers not to cash a ticket for that amount without ID?
No, in other words, let's try to understand.
I mean, I'm sure that that wasn't the only $1,350 ticket that has been won in that place.
Right.
Then it give a day.
I mean, you have any idea how many people go through there every day and how many machines there are?
Lots.
Had your ticket been cashed by another parent patron, you'd be screwed because you hadn't reported it.
But the person who picked it up didn't know whether that ticket had been reported.
Maybe that's why they turned it in.
If I found a ticket, I'd be tempted to cash it in, but I'd be afraid the casino would be watching for that particular ticket at the windows.
And then I'd be asked, when did you got your money back, says, is this somebody?
Yeah, but you could cash it any day, right?
Yeah.
So I can come back to that day.
You can't see your stage in fact.
I wouldn't have cashed it.
I'd put it in my woodbind wallet if I would have found somebody else's ticket.
I'd have stuck it in my wallet in the middle of all those other ones.
Right in there.
Right?
Yeah.
And then maybe like tomorrow or this weekend, I'd have gone sauntering up to the window and said, cash it, bitch.
Like Pharrell said, just give me the last thing money, bitch.
How was he on the year?
I mean, how was he still out here on serious so we can do whatever he wants?
Yeah.
How was he on the year on terrestrial radio?
Ever.
No idea.
Ever.
I was not a fan.
I mean, you talk about somebody who was just totally out of control.
And that was the last day he was on our air, the last day.
I'm driving into work.
He's doing a spot.
And I thought to myself, I thought this is God to be the end.
And it was because he had already been on notice that if he didn't straighten up and fly right there, we're going to can his ass.
He's doing a spot for like some loan company.
And he says, just go in there and tell the broad, just give me the F&M money, bitch.
And he never gave the phone number.
He never gave the name of the place.
Nice.
Yeah.
And he expects people to pay for our commercial.
I mean, granted, you know, there's a whole bunch of punks who loved his act because he was just so off the wall, but yeah.
Crazy.
Just crazy.
And that's the kind of people that, and then of course when Greg hired Mo, that was something.
He was so proud of that accomplishment.
He came in and showed me Mo Howard David signature on a contract.
If I had only known and the people of Westwood won, any SPN had begged, begged him.
Why didn't you tell us you were thinking about hiring this guy because we could have told you.
We could have told you something about that.
You got to admit that there's nobody else in the world that says, quite like that or more like that.
But you know what's sad?
What does that is I would welcome him back to the Dolphin broadcast.
Oh, yeah.
Are you kidding me?
Suffolow.
Horrible.
Even during the height of our hostilities and believe me, they were pretty hostile.
I always have said that he was once upon a time a great, not good, but a great play by a play guy.
When he was doing Monday Night Football on the Westwood one.
And when I was at IOD, when Rick Weaver was forced out to pass, during the forced him to retire, they gave me, they gave me a box of cassette tape to listen to.
And they said, narrow down to two or three, who you think are the best.
And we're going to hire a replacement for Rick.
And Moe was one of the tapes I picked out.
Wow.
I picked out two. It was Moe and then some guy from Michigan.
Yeah, he was good at play by play.
It was hard.
He was good when he was coherent.
And then all of a sudden, you know, with the dolphins, he didn't know who the hell was on what.
Right.
He started losing, well, you know, when you get old like me and him, you start losing it.
Only at least I admit that I'm old.
Boy, he was so vain.
Well, of course, when you were in a head piece, a hair piece like that, right.
Vane.
Where's that thing about the hair piece?
The doctor.
And you do understand why they were pausing there, don't you?
No.
The reason he and Kelti were taking those long pauses is because they thought that if they took a long pausing at the dump button, it would knock it on the air.
The doctor that performed the surgery on J. Feedless Thumb.
Isn't he the same doctor that performed the procedure on your toupee?
Take the doctor who performed the surgery.
Take, take, take think about that.
Yeah, think about it while they're doing the flying.
That's my favorite part of the body.
Is Kelti smircles.
You know, he can't control himself.
He's smircled.
Did you hear it?
I heard it.
He chuckled because of the fact that, you know, Mo, Mo on his hair pieces, which eventually dumped it between Steve Ziggler and Mo Howard David.
I've gotten two really radio giants to dump their hair piece.
Yeah.
Steve Ziggler, the former IOD engineer who used to walk around with his huge screwdriver in his back pocket.
He wore the worst hair piece.
He made Mo look like a, like a fashion plate.
Wow.
His hair piece was so bad.
It looked like a muskrat died in his head.
And I used to, you know, razz him on ear about it.
And one day I'm talking on ear and he goes into control room and I made some comment about his piece.
He took it off his head and threw it.
Wow.
Over in the corner of the room, he never wore it again.
At least he never wore it to work again.
Now, was he completely bald or did he have the hair ring?
He was a, you know, that queen on CNN.
Uh-huh.
What tells his name?
Feltching?
What is his name?
R-E-Feltiener.
R-E-Feltching.
Whatever his name is.
He's the egghead.
You know the one I'm talking about.
Uh-huh.
That's how bald he was.
Cubal.
Like Mo, same thing.
Mo is the Cubal.
Now, did you ever see Mo without the piece?
I never met Mo.
What?
No.
He was gone before I got here.
Oh my God.
You haven't lived.
Because when I started it was the Kenny and Bo Show.
The Kenny and Bloo Morning Show.
Yeah.
And it did.
Sure lived up to its name.
The Kenny and Bloo Morning Show.
I don't know if it blew, but it sucked.
It was a, by the way, that was a invention, a creation of your mentor, Jolly Joe.
Oh, I know.
That's his good buddy, Kenny Walker.
And his other good buddy is DA from the West Coast.
There's another one of his good buddies who gets a point like that.
But again, not all of his fault.
I don't know what the story is there.
I mean, the fact nobody can hear the signal at night.
That probably is part of the problem, a big part.
He'll be on this afternoon, two to four, when people can actually hear it a little bit.
Not real good.
Hey, there's your ball, buddy.
I'm seeing it right now.
Oh, there's a Ali Feltz.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Ali Feltz.
She's got the vest on today.
Miss Egghead.
Look at that.
She makes Matt Fudge look like Hercules.
Oh, I never got to that story.
I say about Matt Fudge insisting that he's not gay.
He's not gay.
Oh, Jeff says Vince Van Patten and Linda Blair were in two movies together.
Hell night and roller boogie.
I don't remember roller boogie.
No.
I remember boogie nights, but they weren't in that.
In fact, the Vince Van Patten would have been a lot better than Markey Mark.
Not that Markey Mark wasn't great in that movie, but boy, Vince Van Patten.
Whoa.
He was really...
I would say he was the most incredibly beautiful young man I have ever seen in my life.
Vince Van Patten.
Naked.
I never saw him naked, but of course now he's probably old and ugly, you know.
See, this is the problem.
We don't see anybody for years.
Then all of us in there like 50, 60 years old.
Oh, my God.
What happened to them?
Look at me.
Do you see what he's doing there?
Are you watching now?
Are you watching?
That looks obscene.
I can't believe on worldwide CNN TV.
They let him do that.
He's just cranking it.
He was pumping it and cranking it.
Oh my God.
The egghead has lost it.
Oh, Neil!
She's...
Yankee, baby.
Right now on In the game of tonight.
The first lady, Michelle Obama is generating a little bit of controversy.
She touched Queen Elizabeth on her nipple.
And it's not so hard.
But the Queen's former press secretary says it's okay.
They have ruled together that special relationship that we've always had.
Also, President Obama reportedly gave a sausage to her majesty.
It's not perfect, but it is the right size.
It's enormous.
I don't want any time.
Plainly X-rated.
I'll be right back.
Oh, the royal family are so uptight and so constipated.
They make me sick to my stomach.
Is there anybody other than the brits who really have any interest in respect for that whole...
All that's synonygans?
No.
Gonna be a sick, sick person.
Oh, it's the royal family, the Batonbergs.
Clarence wanted to know if you wanted to give Marlin score updates during your show.
We have a...
A sander.
I'll tell you what I could do.
I could pull a Sid Rosenberg and get your ass in real big trouble, Clarence.
I could put the game on a year.
Oh, no.
You don't have the game there, do you?
Sure I do.
In fact, let me find the package, so to speak.
The baseball package.
Oh, there's golf TV.
Let's get that on right away.
Cops, four Columbia.
Not a huge goal score.
Oh, my God.
Goal scores in the golf?
What am I looking for?
Who are they playing?
They're playing the nationals.
I know we can play the sander.
And you know what?
It doesn't look to me like it's on.
We can't play the sound.
Are you a crazy person?
Are you the other Sid Rosencrantz?
No, no.
8 p.m. Pittsburgh and San Luis.
Oh, while there it is.
439.
Washington and Florida.
439.
Now we can't play it on the year, but we could like play.
I actually...
I'll see like little bits of it.
You know what I mean?
And if it's a Washington telecast, it already embarrassed a lot of everybody.
Because you know there's not going to be anybody there.
But you need this first.
I guess it's not going to play.
What?
There's a Marlin sander, I guess, that we have.
So it's a pretty big, uh, scale up case.
That's the Marlin sander.
So no, let me forget.
I'm going to write it down 439.
So I got another story that I just remembered before I read the one that somebody sent into me.
I thought there'd be a whole bunch of them.
There's one, one or two.
So back in December.
In mid-December, I flew Paco's family.
The Guns in Mishboko from Mexico to Toronto.
Wow.
And put them up in a apartment in my place here.
My building.
Cost me a fortune.
Anyway, they get here.
It's mid-December.
It's about a week before Christmas.
They get here on a Friday night.
I get a text message from Paco from the airport.
Everything is great.
Bye-bye.
Everybody's, uh, you know, the flight was fine.
20 minutes later, my phone rings.
My cell phone.
And it's Paco.
Yeah.
No, it wasn't 20 minutes.
It was like an hour later.
And they finally had gotten here to the building.
Oh, you got to come up here right away to their place.
They left some luggage in the airport.
And this was on a night when we had this brutal blizzard in the storm.
You couldn't find a cab.
No nothing.
Nobody on the road.
I mean, just it's a miracle they're playing.
They actually landed.
And they left two suitcases in the airport.
Wow.
So I get dressed.
I go up there and we're lamenting.
Bup-bup-bup-bup-bup-bup-bup-bup-bup-bup-bup-bup-bup-bup-bup.
Oh, he veys me, etc.
And I call the airport about the luggage
where you go to get it and they tell me,
and the meantime we go out on the street
and there is not a cab to be found anywhere.
It's like the end of the world.
Big blizzard.
So we decide.
The only choices.
The next day.
We're going to have to get up and go to the airport.
And hopefully it will be lost and found to their bags.
How can you leave two suitcases in the airport?
I don't get that.
I mean, there's a whole bunch of people here.
There's like three adults and two kids.
But at any rate, the next day, by noon,
I get a hold of my regular cab.
And he drives us to the airport.
And I'm looking for the information counter.
I find out where lost and found is.
And we're wandering over to where they were in the waiting area.
Went after they came in.
This is after you go through customs
and you go through luggage pickup.
And we walked there and there are the two bags still there.
Exactly where they left them.
Now, can you imagine that happening in New York?
No, or here?
Or Miami.
Or Ishmung, Michigan.
I mean, I can't imagine that.
The people here are so damn honest.
It's almost disgusting.
Two pieces of luggage in the airport.
And they were still sitting exactly where they left them.
Untouched by human glands.
Now, here's one from Barbara in sunrise.
She says, I'm touched by your story.
I have one too.
A few years ago, I was in Toronto and visited the place with a glass floor.
My husband and I were there for hours.
We shopped and saw a big bear statue dressed as a Canadian mounted police.
I put my all my bags down.
We stood by the bear head our picture taken.
We left the bear.
I picked up my bags and shopped for at least another hour.
When we were getting ready to leave, I reached for my person notice I didn't have it.
We retraced our steps and I found it untouched on the floor over by the bear.
All my ID walled money credit cards instead of were in it.
That would never have it in South Florida.
This is Barbara.
Canadian people are very honest.
Lucky for us.
No, it's not lucky for us.
I'd like you for us.
Get it right, Barbara.
And thanks for your story.
How do you like that?
Wow.
I mean, a purse.
Which you know there's got to be money in there, right?
And credit cards and jewelry and stuff.
All these things.
You would think.
All of these things.
Untouched by human hands.
So if you want to lose something, come here.
Come to Toronto.
Lose your mind.
Lose your ass.
Speaking of that, I'll get to that story about the Immodalized Barstool.
That's a beautiful thing.
But this one is more timely based on what we're talking about.
Okay.
A Markham Ontario man who lost hundreds of thousands of dollars on slot machines
is suing the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corp for $3.5 billion.
Claiming staff allowed him to gamble even the lead authorized him to deny him entrance to the casinos
or throw him out if he went in.
See, that's a scam.
They tell you you can sign up.
I mean, I'm not doing that.
But I know that crazy Maurice, the Frenchman I'm always telling you about.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, I lost 21,000 today.
Yeah, he's a crazy person.
$5 slots.
Wow.
Oh, he's a mania.
That's a lot of losing.
Yeah.
And he's always saying, oh, I, you know, I gave, they took my picture and I told them not to let me back in.
They, if you've got 50 cents on you, they don't care if you're like a deadbeat, if you're homeless, they don't give a crap.
They want it.
Whatever you got, they'll take it and they want it.
This crap about casinos, you know, not letting you win.
Sure.
In a statement of claim filed in Ontario Superior Court and served on OLG, this week Peter Dennis argues that Providence's voluntary self-exclusion program failed to prevent him and others from gambling.
And the OLG actually profited from problem gamblers unable to stop themselves.
You bet your suite as they do.
Of course.
They love it.
All the suckers, they love us.
You know what I said, us.
The self-exclusion program allows problem gamblers to sign a form granted casino racetrack staff the right to use their best efforts to bar them or remove them if they're caught inside about 12,000 people assigned up.
Rob Moore, a senior OLG vice president, said he finds a troubling that people might think of the program as a way to not be responsible for dealing with their addiction.
It's quite dangerous and misleading to think that one could transfer the responsibility that have once they've confronted that they have an addiction onto a third party, he said.
Once they've confirmed they have an addiction.
Dennis, a married father of two became anxious and depressed after losing about 350 grand between August 2000 and May 2004 on slot machines.
The improvement statement of claim alleges.
He lost a further 59 grand during 11 week binge after which he signed the self-exclusion form at Woodbuy and Racetrack.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Whoa.
The claim filed on behalf of Dennis and his wife, Zubin Noble, asserts that OLG still allowed Dennis into gambling venues and didn't detect or remove him leading to further losses of another 200 grand.
Boy, he's doing a lot worse than I am.
Yeah.
Dennis couldn't be reached for comment.
His Mrs. Saga based lawyer has in fancy Hassan Fancy.
Is that a fancy name or what?
Hassan Fancy declined to comment when reached last night.
Dennis lost his two homes to foreclosure, was fired from his job as an account manager after failing to repay, um, alone from a client.
The suit seeks damages on behalf of those gamblers who signed out of the self-exclusion program but still managed to keep gambling.
Oh, aren't you the guy on the list while I'll go ahead and have a good time.
Go ahead.
When you come through that door as long as you look like you've got money.
Go ahead.
That's what they tell you.
Go ahead.
Although I will say this, they do check ID if you look like you're under 30.
They do check your ID because they figure probably most people under 30 don't have much cash anyway to lose, right?
Would you have the 18?
No, here 19, and down there like 21.
You got to be 18 to get into the racetrack part and 21 for a casino stuff in Florida.
Now, why is that?
What kind of crap is that?
I don't know.
Like the drinking age here is 19. Why is it 21 there?
Why is everything so repressive and regressive in the USA? Huh?
Do you think 19 is old enough to drink?
Yeah, it's old enough to die in a war.
Believe me, it sure is here.
Oh, no!
You got it!
It's an affliction that affects millions of men.
Oh, jeez, not again.
Let's face it.
You get random boners.
And now there's help.
Flaccid excess will keep your tubes next soft and limp so you can get through your workday.
Boner free.
Hey, uh, where's Bob?
He has his meeting with HR today.
Oh, he's taking a sick day. He's got a boner.
Oh, that's good.
Last time he came in with that, I caught it.
I was out for three days.
I had to go to the hospital.
Blinded my left eye now.
After taking Flaccid excess of your meat rocket stays lifeless for more than eight hours,
immediately call your cable provider and watch a Pono.
Man, I still have bad dreams about that thing.
Oh, yeah.
Thing was a rager.
Flaccid excess.
Finally, grab life by the horn.
Oh, no.
I'm sure we can't play that.
Hmm, probably not.
Well, too bad.
We just did.
Yeah.
Screw you, Joyce.
1131 at 560 WQM.
We got DA for the big ol' at two, so don't go away.
And then mad dog from Augusta.
And then after that, well, then we got the beast tonight 8 to 11 for DA.
Frank says the self-exclusion agreement is a scam.
I personally know someone who signed one and she gambles regularly still and the people
personally know her.
Basically, the self-exclusion agreement doesn't prevent you from gambling because if you
have money, they won't throw you out.
That's right.
If you got a dime, they want to squeeze it out of your ass.
They turn their head.
However, if you for chance hit a jackpot, they produce the self-exclusion agreement.
Throw your ass out.
Keep the winnings and will not return your losses.
You hear those sirens?
Yep.
Oh, they just stop.
As soon as I said it, and speaking of honest people in Toronto, my close personal friend
Ken the stalker in Atobaco says Atobaco is right up the road here in Toronto.
He says, I'm glad that your 13-hundred bucks has returned you.
$1350 to be exact, Ken.
Yesterday, I left my cell phone in a shopping cart of the supermarket.
When I realized my loss, I returned to the store.
Some honest person had turned the phone into the orifice.
There were some honest people in the world and they all live in Toronto, I guess, Ken.
How do you like that?
I mean, a cell phone who needs that?
Hasn't everybody got their own cell phone?
I would think so.
And what are you going to do with somebody else's cell phone?
Besides, we're on a poll, a bunch of minutes.
You can change the SIM card in it and be able to use it.
Now that's true.
There's something for you to focus to think about.
I mean, honesty is, I'm all for honesty to a point.
But when you find, for example, a couple of years ago, that's got to be more than that.
Three, four years ago, I was coming in white one night to the building, the front door here, on a weekend night.
And I looked down, I just have to look down because I looked like money on the ground.
And there were two fifties and a couple of twenties in a file, like about 145 bucks.
And I reached over real quickly and I picked it up and as I was walking in the door, I put it in my pocket and kept walking.
Sure.
I mean, it's just cash.
How, how would anybody know if they lost $145 bucks in cash?
Right?
Well, they probably know they lost it.
Well, maybe later on.
Yeah.
And how do I know that it's the person I'm at?
How much did you lose?
You know, give me an exact amount.
I'm not going to go through all that.
I just pocketed it.
Oh, you're dishonest.
You make all that money well too bad.
I'm just being honest.
Most people would lie about it.
Most people on the era are goody-two shoes.
Oh, well, if I would have found that, I would have returned it to the concierge.
Yeah, right.
Concierge my ass.
And at least on this show, even flea admits he would have pocketed that so fast,
you wouldn't even send his hand move.
Absolutely.
If Ali felt she would have been lucky, we wouldn't have seen his hand move earlier.
That was, I'm still kind of traumatized.
I still don't understand what the hell that was all about.
I don't know.
I've been around the block a few times, but on TV, I don't know.
Somebody says maybe the person who turned in the ticket with somebody who had so much money,
that $1350 bucks is like $5 to them.
Oh, yeah.
I'll still take the five.
Give me a break.
In other words, they looked at it shrugged and felt sorry for whatever poor person dropped it.
I'm not breaking it.
Oh, I'm sure there are tons of people in woodbind making a lot more money than I am.
I'm sure of that.
You ought to see the shleppers in there.
The ones especially that smelly ones that come on the bus.
Oh, my God.
Like my camera versus oh, the smelly Chinese one that come on the bus.
Wait, what?
What are they doing on the bus?
What?
What do you say?
What are they doing on the bus?
Bill says happy hump day.
No, get carried away now just because we play that one bit.
Don't get carried away.
Be a little edgy now because Ali Feltzing was like, you know, he's got me all going crazy.
Well, don't.
And by the way, you noticed that memo from Clarence yesterday we can't say PP.
Oh, wait.
No.
Oh, yeah.
No, actually we can't say PP.
We just can add anything to it.
Right.
Although, I do look at that.
Joyce has a big problem with penis vagina and PP.
Really?
Happy hump days is Bill.
If he would have dropped the ticket, I saw you drop it.
I would have hoped you would have seen it and then cashed it.
Do you understand that?
No.
I hoped you would have seen it and then cashed it.
I've heard of people finding cash on the side of the road then they turn it in.
Nucleheads.
Oh, I see what he's saying.
I don't know what that means.
I don't know.
It's a confused Bill.
But that's okay.
That was up 28 points.
The sun is shining a little bit.
I bet it's more than zero today.
Oh, the last couple of days have been like, what a time return here.
It's like April Fool.
A little bit late in April.
It was kind of cool here today.
Yeah, too bad.
What was it like 110 in the shade?
No, it's 60 this morning.
60.
Yeah.
Poor baby.
I know.
You want to know what it is here?
Now I'm sure Castanovas got his little notepad getting ready to take notes.
It's plus three.
Maybe it's 38.
It's going to be five today.
Forty one or two.
Plus three in sunny.
It's a majaya.
And you're complaining about 60?
To me, 60.
No, not 60.
Maybe 65.
Yeah.
No, it was nice.
I wasn't complaining.
65 in sunny is perfect.
Tomorrow is 6 Friday, 8 in Saturday, 6.
So like mid to upper 40s.
So it's a perfect day today out here.
So it'll probably pull about a thousand people for the Marlin game.
Oh, and on Marlin game, 439's a channel.
Don't let me forget.
OK.
Take me out to the Marlins.
Nobody cares, but we're building a stadium.
Washington, that Florida noon on 439.
Atlanta and the Phillies at three.
Now we won't be around for that.
We'll only be here for the Marlins.
Oh, if you dare play any of that Marlin, we got the rights over here exclusively on
seven.
Yeah, you can't keep the rights and lose your million bucks a year, whatever you're
paying.
Boy, did this place lose their ass on that Marlins stuff?
That's the one thing that I'll tell you, Jolly Jo Bell.
The one thing he did that made a lot of sense was tell David Samson to take his Marlins
and stick them where the moon don't shine.
At a boy, Jolly Jo, go clean up somewhere here.
Schmidt now.
That's what they say in Naples, that Jolly Jo, he knows his Schmidt.
Yep.
Isn't that his slogan?
Schmidt is me.
Schmidt is us.
Sandra Cantu, Missing Girl in California, found it at the bottom of a lake in a suitcase.
The main suspect is a Baptist Reverend.
Oh, this is from the fake Jim and the fetus.
Name one thing the Leafs and Panthers have in common, Neil.
If you said another year, not in the Stanley Cup playoffs, well, you know, no, not to
applaud Panthers yet.
They still got an outside chance.
Leafs have been out of it since opening day, but then, you know, it's a hell of a franchise
when the first game of the season comes and they say, oh, well, we're not going to
make the playoffs this year.
We're going to suck, but it's a rebuilding year.
Oh, and they know they can do that here because they'll sell out every game to these suckers
at a ridiculous price.
Jesus says the entire crew here is still on the floor over the last bit.
Great bit.
Flea is great.
They're on the floor over it.
Well, listen, Jolly Jo will be by to clean you up a little while.
Here's one from somebody, Joe and Poppano Beach.
I want you to know how much better the show is with Flea's sidekick instead of George
the Jerk.
Another George Hader.
George is on vacation this week.
Whenever you ask George a question, it seems like more times than not, his response is,
I don't know.
When you ask Flea a question, he always comes back with an answer, usually has a funny
comment as well.
This guy is so much better than George.
I can't believe you can't see this.
I appreciate your loyalty to George, but what about some loyalty to your listeners?
Are we in touch with a great good show?
George is pathetic, he says.
Wow.
I believe there's only two possible reasons you keep George around.
I wanted to aggravate management because you know they can't stand him or two, your ego
is so big.
You think anybody you endorse will turn into a star.
Yeah, that must be it.
Wrong.
Stan Mage is a perfect example of that.
You thought because Stan's show followed yours, he'd be a success.
That's what he thought, not me.
That didn't work.
Did it?
No, it did not.
It doesn't work for George either.
You either got it or you don't.
Flea's got it.
George doesn't period.
It says Joe.
Joe mama.
Joe Bell.
But they're sure picking on poor George out of these away and they love you, they just
love your ass.
Yeah until I'm not here anymore, the nankin takes shots at me.
Paul says, Neil, maybe the person that had God centered life and it was his Christian
duty to return the money, God bless you and Flea.
Yeah, take your God and shove it.
Schmendrick.
Oh, Neil.
You know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Take your God and shove it.
I think it's gonna work if no more.
I've had enough of all the primitive fairy tales.
You know that it's not a good thing to have a child.
You know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
I've had enough of all the primitive fairy tales.
I think it's gonna work if no more.
I think it's gonna work if no more.
Neil God.
Well, I was a Christian soldier of God, a lever of these years.
All that time I followed every word of the scriptures, written by queers.
Catch keys, say he's a powerful God and an unknown one and a mighty way.
Except in 9-11 when he must have been gone on a bus friend all the day.
You fairy.
Take your God and shove it.
I ain't gonna worship him no more.
Just that you're alright.
If you're with us because everybody else is wrong.
And I'm getting tired of watching people die.
You fairy.
Take your God and shove it.
I ain't gonna worship him no more.
Take your God and shove it.
Neil God.
I ain't gonna worship him no more.
14-noon at 560 WDQM.
Georgia's on vacation this week.
It's Neil and Flea.
Get the Bugsbury.
Flea's here today.
La Cucaracha.
Oh, I guess we played La Cucaracha when Georgia's here.
Thanks to, well, before I get to this, first key who's a regular emailer,
so I know she's not making it up.
Has anyone else told you the signal sounds like crap today?
Sounds like heavy rain on a metal roof.
So hard to hear you.
Have you heard any reports on that?
Well, well, you wouldn't because our people are all listening to a 790 and 940.
So they wouldn't have any idea if we even on the year.
That's our crowd.
Every time there's another sports whole station goes on here.
The only people listening to what are the people inside our building.
Like back when at Horrible, the fan, the first to fan in South Florida,
1690, whatever was on the dial with more testy's, distrido.
And Jim, what was the name?
The idiot from the TV.
Jim from the black guy.
Jim from the where?
Jim Bury.
Oh, oh.
I don't think I like the crazy eye.
Yeah, that's the guy.
Yeah.
Nobody listened to that station except people inside our building.
If they would have given out the diaries inside our building,
they would have had a hundred share.
And the same thing now.
You can be damn sure.
That's why they gave you this fire report on Sedona yesterday
because they were listening to him.
Not listening here.
Oh, we don't want to listen to that fat old fag.
He don't talk sports.
Oh, the beesleaves love sports.
What is the obsession with the beesleaves and sports?
What's that all about?
I don't know.
The vows of 52 points.
53 points.
Florida is the second most miserable state economic index includes.
I'm never would have seen this except for Al.
Oh, Al Vente.
Thank you, Al.
He says, please play word number one.
We ought to be it's a misery index.
So what states are the best and the most miserable?
We're number one.
Number two, anyway, Florida's second most miserable state economic index includes.
Florida is near the bottom of the happiness index that is if happiness has to do with income,
debt, employment, and keeping your home.
Yeah, we're number two.
All right.
Yeah, well, Joe, come along, clean it up.
Well, that is so appropriate, man.
If anybody in the world has that as their area of expertise, he demand.
I'm going to make a wiener here in a couple minutes.
Hey, good.
And eat it on the air so we can hear from what's his name?
Oh, he that's right.
He doesn't exist anymore.
What's his name?
Oh, Ben Schmiegel.
That's another invention of John ZTR.
Are you in the loop on all these chronic.
Is this way beyond your it's a bit beyond me.
Good.
The state ranks 50th in the ranking of mainstream.com, which include the district of Columbia and many of its misery levels.
Only Oregon at number 51 is worse.
Florida residents non mortgage debt is 37.3% according to the index.
The state has 9.4% unemployment and a foreclosure rate of 1 in 214 households according to mainstream's index.
The happiness index looks at a household income debt and employment in foreclosures.
The main source of financial happiness is the Midwest.
According to the ranking, Nebraska, a home of famed financier Warren Buffett is in the top spot followed by Iowa and Kansas.
Only Oregon at number 51, the reason there's 51 instead of 50 is because Washington, D.C. is included in there.
And Florida is ranked 50th.
Second to last.
The most miserable state.
How do you like them apples, huh?
Then road apples.
Miserable.
I should go along with that.
I mean, name me a wonderful place in Florida.
Besides, Alachua County.
I like Captain Ivan Island a lot.
Do you?
Yeah.
How about City Island there?
Where the average age is death.
Well, you talk about old people.
I don't know which is older.
Sarasota or St. Tweet.
I think Sarasota at this point.
St. Pete's got younger.
It has?
Yeah, it's gotten a lot younger.
That was a 56 point.
Italy's quake toll rises to 260, 28,000 homeless.
Well, that's not unusual, Italy.
A lot of homeless.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
A lot of slippers.
A lot of street beggars, you know, especially in Rome.
There's one.
I'm sure she if she's still alive.
One old woman with this black dress and she shakes.
She sits there in the same spot all the time and she shakes.
And she's got her little tin cup.
They're waiting for you to throw a couple of Euro coins in, you know.
It used to be a couple of Lyra.
I liked it better when they had all the different currencies.
And Europe was more fun.
Yeah.
Lyra.
Gilders and Netherlands.
Well, the English still have their pounds, though.
Yes.
Like Marx and Germany used to be.
Marx, Deutsch Marx.
Deutschland, Uber, Alice.
Germany is nothing at all like what you would think it would be.
Yeah, I've never been.
I'd like to go.
First time I went there, boy, I just, when I went to Berlin for the first time,
I thought I was going to just die.
I cringed when I heard people speaking German.
And then I realized that it was a pretty neat place and the food was damn good.
And they're all a bunch of perverts, like me.
A lot of Germans in Fort Myers.
I had some friends from Munich there.
Did they read it that German restaurant in Avonpark?
Probably not, but yesterday.
That's why I know what it is.
It's not there anymore.
I found either there was one.
It was either in Avonpark or just north of it in Lake Wales.
A German, all you can eat buffet with bratwurst and stuff, you know,
a German crap.
Bob Bees is up from the keys to take care of some personal business.
My wife and I went to Landlubbers and Plantation for dinner.
Just getting our food out here over the speakers in the restaurant,
the dulcet tones of Jeff DeForest.
He and a couple of his cronies do a radio show from Landlubbers,
a robber every Tuesday, same old Schmidt, boring,
and they were just talking to themselves as everyone in the place was ignoring them.
I guess this is answers the question, what's going to happen to Defoe?
Pathetic, it says.
Now it says, I'm your friend, Bob Bees.
Thank you, Bob Bees.
What's going to happen to Defoe?
And nothing different.
He's still going to be loser.
I mean, that's one thing about life, I guess.
Not just this business, any business.
One thing about life, if you're a loser, you're always a loser.
I mean, you know, once in a zillion years, somebody, you know,
hits it rich, like like, like Regis.
Regis was fumbling along in the midst of a very mediocre career.
He was a sidekick to, um, who was he the sidekick to?
Kathy Lee.
No, Joey, what's his name?
The comedian?
Joey Reynolds?
No, not Joey Reynolds.
I said the comedian.
Oh, Joey Bishop.
Oh, wow.
Isn't that who he was the sidekick to?
I think so.
And he was on the, he did the, um, Ed McMahon, the Joey Bishop thing.
And then he had that healthier one, the health network, which is long gone.
That was a pretty good show, but nobody watched it.
And he was just kind of fumbling along.
And all of a sudden, he's a big superstar.
He's everywhere.
Yeah, he's he's Regis and Kathy Lee and our Regis and Kelly and, uh,
who wants to be a millionaire?
And what's the other thing he's on now?
I don't know.
He's on some other remake of some damn quiz show.
He's everywhere, Regis.
He's like a disease.
I don't know what the hell the new show is that he's on.
He's got some damn new, um, it's not the pyramid.
Is it?
It's big, Neil.
It's big and a boat.
No.
Is Dick Clark still alive, by the way?
What a shame.
I think he is.
Oh, how sad.
Well, actually, if he lives to be a hundred and suffers, Marty, or Mary says,
excuse me, Mary.
Flea is doing great.
It's a nice change from George.
Not that we don't like George.
Flea is a nice change and better attitude than George.
Yeah, you've got a better attitude than George.
George lately, last couple of months, has been surly.
Well, he needed to vacation.
Flea is probably not his real name.
How did he get it?
Because his real name is Lee.
Right.
And when did they start calling you Flea?
That was when I started at Zeta.
On Zeta?
Yeah.
Our program director thought everybody should have like a, uh, you know,
cute, memorable name.
And that's what they gave me.
And I hated it.
I bet you that Keith Isley was gone by the time you got to Zeta, right?
Yeah.
Oh, and the new game show he's doing his password password.
That's what it is with Regis.
Everything is with Regis.
I got to play after the break.
I'm going to play that in honor of Regis.
Okay.
But he's a guy like who was, but ordinarily that doesn't happen.
If you're a loser all the time, you're always going to be a loser like me foe.
He never had any numbers at IOD.
He never had any numbers on FTL.
He never has any numbers on that abortion that he's on now.
That's Steve Lapill abortion.
That's me foe man loser.
Where's that thing Diffle and Rimmer?
That's that's.
I have no problem with Diffle, but Diffle is somewhat intimidated.
And it's like laws or repeat.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Intiminated by what, Jeff?
What do you have that I'm intimidated by?
Well, I don't know.
You've kind of turned red when I come in the studio.
Why would I turn red when you come in there just because I'm looking at a guy that's trying to warm his way under this show?
I'm not warming my way on.
I don't want your dog.
You know what? This goes back.
Let's clear the air right now, Jeff Rimmer.
Yeah, back at the Ailer dreams former radio station.
When you came on the air on Neil Rogers show and trashed virtually everybody that worked at the station,
I got the feeling that you were sending a message to Neil and trying to work your way around going through conventional systems
that were about getting a job on the air that you were saying that I was sandbagging your chances of getting on the radio.
Absolutely.
And that's what I kept hearing from people that knew you personally.
And instead of saying it to me, you're running around saying, oh well, this deforestation is the reason I'm not getting a job.
Oh, that's not true.
That's not true.
But anyway, I want to move on.
No, no, no, no.
Are you just going to move on?
Move on.
You saying I'm jealous of what you're doing and I'm not saying that?
What is that, Jeff?
You're kind of showing say that?
No.
I'm what I am saying though is this.
I just feel sometimes you kind of get a little uncomfortable.
I'm intimidated by you.
Who wouldn't be uncomfortable with a guy that's trying to stab you in the back?
Oh, Neil!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
That's that me phone.
Oh, Jim.
I just stayed called steam.
But you can call me Galsy.
Whenever I'm in town, I listen to...
Wait a minute, I am in town.
It's the 12-S-1 hour.
Stop!
The marlins are getting a stadium.
The marlins are getting a stadium.
Hi!
David Simpson here.
And I'm getting a stadium.
Weeee!
You know, there's been a lot of opposition to this, but that's too bad for you.
I got what I wanted.
And if you don't like it, get out.
That's right.
This is my town.
It's my stadium.
There's a bracket.
So if you don't like it, you can just get out.
Get out.
Get out of here.
We won the World Theory.
We won the World Theory.
Ha-ha!
So, thank you for giving me your money.
And I'm going to put it in my pan.
Oh, David, one thing.
You're fair, right?
Oh, yeah.
It's 12-O-1.
We better get that ball game on.
What channel is it?
439.
Okay.
I wrote it down.
I got the sound already.
In case you ever, you know, I do a score.
This is a Q-A-M Marlins game of the day.
I'm going to take a second to continue to do that for the next, you know, 10 days.
Tbof tonight at 7 on the Fan 590.
We will check in with our women's hockey team and more when we return off.
I'm waiting to wait her by the way.
Women's hockey.
25 seconds.
What?
Women's hockey?
Yeah.
People watch at 590.
NHL center-rise.
I don't see no baseball game.
439.
What's that all about?
I don't know.
Because the game's at 1210, I think, right?
Why?
I think the game's at 1210.
Well, they don't know.
12-O-468.
They put a beaten swish.
468.
There it is.
Take me out to the Marlins.
Any interest in the Marlins?
No.
Here's the pull result.
We got 270 vote.
Actually, this has been a good week.
Flea does hell of a job.
And on Monday, bailed me out, him and whoever else is at, fatzak.
And Josh Cortis, who I guess thinks he's getting that check.
He will eventually.
Sure.
Brandon says it sucks because the phone and net are down on the entire building
wherever he is, listening in the car, emailing on the phone.
Regis is on password now.
Regis is everywhere.
When you take a dump, you lift up the lid, there's Regis.
I'm telling you, he's everywhere.
He's bigger than life. Am I right?
He is.
Regis.
And I don't like him.
And I forgot to play the thing.
What's it called?
I don't know.
Is it Puffy?
Puffie.
So, Regis, who wants to be a millionaire, I don't have time to play.
All right, let's play who means that we're a millionaire.
Puff Daddy, sitting in the chair, I'll call you Puffy.
Yo, yo, man, yo, yo.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
Here's your $100 question.
Finish this nursery ride.
All right.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it A-Doc, B-Pier, C-Marina, or D-Inlet?
Whoa, man.
Is it $100 question right here?
You're kidding me, right?
This is $100.
For $100.
This ain't a million dollar question.
Well, this is the first one.
Man.
It's only for $100.
Is this a black thing?
Would you like to use a life one?
Yeah, all right.
What do I got?
What do I got?
Well, we have the ask the audience, the 50-50 and the phone a friend.
Assiornies.
Now, how many white people in here?
50-50, you're gonna help me.
Oh, you know, I'm gonna phone a friend.
Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery ride.
Yeah.
All right.
Who are we gonna call, Puffy?
Oh, my boy.
Old dirty bastard.
Old dirty bastard.
Yeah, dirty with calm.
Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line.
And hopefully he can help you.
Yo.
Old dirty.
Yeah, man.
Regis Filben from Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?
How are you?
I.
Got your friend here, Puff Daddy.
Yo, dirty was that.
Was that.
Was that.
Was that.
Was that.
Was that.
All right.
All right.
Old.
Was that me.
Old dirty.
Puff Daddy's had a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question.
He's the first time.
First question.
And the next voice you hear will be his.
Old dirty bastard.
Old dirty bastard.
Old dirty bastard.
Old dirty bastard.
Old dirty bastard.
What a crowd.
All right.
Come on the line, he'll ask you the question.
He'll give you four possible choices.
Are you set?
Hey, man.
Next voice you hear will be his.
And 30 seconds begins now.
Was that.
Old dirty.
Finish this off for me, all right.
Hey, man.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it A, Doc, B, P, C, Marino, or D, Illet?
Oh, oh.
Come on, man.
I don't got much time.
I know this man.
I know it.
I see his pia.
Pia, you sure?
About 30, man.
There's a lot of money, man.
About 30.
All right, man.
Thank you very much.
Hey, man.
Times up, old dirty said pia.
You still have two lifelines left.
We are on the $100 question.
You know what, Regis?
Wanna poll the audience?
No, I like to add a lifeline.
Actually, no, there's only three lifelines.
You've used one you have two left.
No, no, no.
I get another lifeline.
It's a brand new one to the game.
And what is that, Puffy?
It's called Shoot the Host.
Puffy, you can ask the audience.
I call it Shoot the Host.
Puffy, you're the 50-50.
What's the answer?
Puffy, it's Doc, it's A.
It's Doc.
My final answer is Doc.
It's Doc.
And it's a good one.
You got $100.
Run, you run, you white bull!
Run, shut it up!
Run, shut it up!
Yeah, that Regis, he's doing it.
Oh, here it's the Marlon's Telecast, no left.
So we aren't gonna get, you know,
any of the real good shots of the stands.
The familiarity you had with Scott Olson having...
Yeah, there you go.
Yeah, that's enough.
We love the Marlins!
Nobody cares.
They don't.
There's nobody there.
You can have your own section if you want to go out to the Marlon game.
The Marlins.
Nice.
Lots of elbow room.
$8 beers.
Now don't start getting the Neutrary.
Just because we don't want to lose millions of dollars on more of those crappy Marlin broadcasts.
And speaking of crappy broadcasts, what's that, Waltz?
If he isn't the worst in history, I don't know who is.
He's bad.
He is really bad.
He sounds like a little kid trying to do a ball game.
No presence.
He's not a broadcaster, which is why he's on there.
I mean, you know, Waltz's name that did the games, that was so good.
He did the games with Dave O'Brien, and he got stabbed in the back by Dave and then Dave ran off the SPN.
Joe Angel.
Joe Angel, yeah.
Joe Angel was a broadcaster.
He had personality, he had style, he had flair, he had his own expressions, you know.
His stuff.
Frank Fort was, since they took that big thing off the middle of his forehead, he's got nothing.
Action.
Marlin's baseball.
All right.
Comment, reward players, Bob, at the MikaSixie resorting.
We don't want to play the spots now.
No, no, no.
Huh?
No.
Why not?
There we can't, MikaSixie.
He's like them.
Ray says, damn my haircut and my Alzheimer's.
I was in the car earlier, just before 11, we were talking about an article that you were getting ready to read.
I still haven't done it.
Flea asked, if you saw the pictures and you said there was a link to the pictures, but you don't do links, then you went to commercial.
I had to go get my haircut.
I was laughing when you read the T's.
Now I can't remember what the hell it was all about.
I want to Google it, but I have no idea what to Google.
In the meantime, I'm sitting here, googling myself, trying to remember what the story was.
What was it?
Help me, Niels' Ray.
Oh, Ray.
Get some help.
What do you try to tell us, Ray?
I have no life.
It's the story about the chair.
The bar stool on the Alonmore?
Yeah.
I get to DUI.
What the hell did I do with that?
Well, if I would get you all this other stuff, actually we've got a lot of stuff here today.
Lots of stuff.
Man-on-motorized bar stool charge with DUI.
I'll do it now.
Get it out of the way.
Okay.
Okay.
Sure.
So you're not supposed to say you're doing a fine job, but you're supposed to say,
get it.
Like that.
Oh, yeah.
So then, get it.
Okay.
Man-on-motorized bar stool charge with DUI.
Neighbors heard what sounded like a Lonmore buzzing down Kelly Lane in Newark earlier this morning.
And what day is this?
Today.
It turned out to be a motorized bar stool which police say a man crashed while drunk.
Kyle Wigel, 28th charge with driving a bar stool under the influence of alcohol.
And driving with a suspended license.
He'd ask for a jury trial.
I didn't know you needed a license to drive a bar stool.
Wow.
Yeah.
I wonder if Joe Bell's got a stool license.
Because he sure was a deal with plenty of stool yesterday morning.
From what we hear from Joe and the Zach.
Sure was.
Police say Wigel crashed his train plug and contraption.
I'm trying to make a U-turn on March 4th.
According to a report Wigel told officer Michael Trotter that his bar stool can respede the 38 miles an hour.
It was only going 20 miles an hour when he crashed.
Wigel was treated for my minor injuries at Licking Memorial Hospital.
Licking Memorial Hospital where he joked with Trotter about drinking beers, nine beers before the crash.
Only nine.
He refused to blood alcohol test.
Well, I will lock for him.
But say anyone from operating a motorized vehicle under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
And the law excludes wheelchairs and mobility scooters.
Whatever that means.
So that's the story that you were all whipped up about.
Ray and everybody else.
There's the nationals batting wooder.
Oh, look at there's the stands.
There is no.
What a great day.
We told you this a couple days ago we expected whether right around 70 degrees and it's 65 right now.
Yeah, all these people bitch.
You know, it's so hot.
There's a 91 in the shade.
Well, it's 65.
There's no wind.
It's not because they showed the flag.
The flag hanging from the flag pole.
And it's just a perfect day.
And schools are out too right now.
That's right.
And there's nobody there.
Yep.
They need a stadium like I need hemorrhoids.
Okay.
That's what they need a stadium for.
Josh Johnson was talking about.
Is it?
Don't let's get any to play by play on there because otherwise they'll suis across the street.
Oh, we're going to sue you guys.
You're playing a Marling game.
We have the exclusive rights.
Cox a hoi.
It's okay.
That's my response to you guys.
And then Jorge said, I don't know.
Now all of a sudden he's a big shot.
Yeah.
He turned down the morning show because he wants more money, which nobody's got any more money.
Yeah, you know, if they're if they're paying him a dollar an hour, it's plenty.
Who's this picture for the Marlins?
Ball stature, John Baker.
And they know exactly the game plan.
When he's tall and slim and ugly.
Who is he?
Ball stat.
What is it?
Ball stat.
The ball stat act.
I thought that had to do with prohibition.
Mm-hmm.
Do they have anybody on the team that looks human this year or not?
Mm-hmm.
I don't know.
I'll tell you I like Alex Rios under Blue Jays.
He's my man.
Hey, Alex.
He's a hell of a player too, by the way.
Blue Jays came from down three nothing to detour it last night and one five to four.
Aren't you proud?
We didn't have much of a crowd either.
16,000 some odd.
Mm-hmm.
In a domed stadium, even though the fact it was freezing and snowing.
We love the Marlins.
They're two and oh.
Panthers are.
Looks like they're not going to make the playoffs again.
No.
And Jacques Martin, I think, is going to get his fat frog ass canned.
Oh, God, please.
Pretty please.
And they're going to lose a Bowmister too.
That's right.
And they're going to get nothing for him.
That's the best part.
That's the most brilliant part of the whole deal.
Yep.
They knew they couldn't afford to reassign him.
He had a sour attitude about the whole deal anyway.
His dad says there shouldn't even be a hockey team in South Florida, which he's got an excellent point.
Mm-hmm.
And they're going to get nothing for him.
Nice going, Jacques.
And that little league coach, there is that Pete DeBour.
First of all, they could already have a couple more points if they would if they'd have played Anderson and Goal instead of Vokun down the stretch here.
Yeah.
I think those are great goals, tender Craig Anderson is not good.
He's great.
Vokun's OK, but he's no Craig Anderson.
Yeah, and he makes six million year.
Who?
Vokun.
What, what were you, did you say?
Vokun.
You better watch it.
Sorry.
Oh, don't tell me they got a lead off hit.
Pull year.
Oh, my God.
They got a man on base.
Oh, you don't play by play.
No, I'm not.
This is past tense.
It's kind of like a weight-hoyte used to do the Cincinnati Reds games.
He'd be talking some story, some crap from 100 years ago.
Oh, and Johnny Benches came up and hit a ball in the last center field.
He's on second base with the double.
And then he would go back to his story.
He would do the whole game in the past tense.
Weight-hoyte.
Only in the banana republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Touchy-doo.
Huh?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Hey Gavel  hairstyle y'all before and before
Oh, close, you can see your daddy and both grandmas.
Ain't that fun.
Oh my god.
Have you watched in this game or not?
No, I'm not.
And the runner's going to score now.
Oh, they got a hit in the walk.
Too on, nobody out.
And the third hitter hits a line drive to right center
and the center field catches it easier.
And it throws the first to try to double run our first.
And there's nobody covering the bag.
And the ball goes rolling off into nowhere, man's land.
And the runner from a second scores, one out from Washington.
Okay.
The whole run is played.
I got it on now.
I'm not doing a play by play.
It's in the past.
It's past tense like weight, hoi.
The ball goes flying by the first base.
There's nobody there.
Yeah, nobody covering the bag.
Where was the first baseman?
I, he was having a picnic lunch, I guess.
And maybe he was up in the stands to make it look like there was somebody there.
I don't know.
There is nobody there, believe me.
I mean, this is like a worse than a joke.
So there's one out and now there's a run around third.
How can there be one out and a run around?
Oh, that's right.
I think I fly.
I made the catch.
Run around turdance, one out from Washington and that's.
We love the Marla.
So I got some good news, though.
Okay.
Boy, look at that.
There is nobody there.
I mean, nobody.
You could, you could put that number of people in a phone booth and we have room left over for the press and army.
Ah, ah, ah.
Cameron, band redneck says it was the frickin black forest.
Not very good.
That was the restaurant I've been trying to think of.
The black forest, okay.
In either Avon Park or Lake Wales or wherever.
I tried googling it, I couldn't find nothing.
Boy, they got a run around third and only one out.
And he popped it up.
How do you like that?
Well, that's in the past tense, though.
Right.
Like I said, two out.
Don't be doing play by playing that Marla again.
They're going to get really surly.
Okay.
Let me turn it off and go back to a CNN.
You watch it.
I can't stand it.
I mean, that was one of the worst plays.
There's just nobody covering the bag.
He made a good throw to first base.
There's nobody there, though.
That was the problem.
He arranges is doing a Sid Rosenberg.
He's doing play by playing a Marla game.
We're going to Suizaz.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Well, now I can see why they called it the black forest.
Why?
Because that's a wooded mountain range in Germany.
In South Germany.
Yeah.
So it's your German connection, I guess.
Yeah.
And the guy, this guy says not very good.
As I recall, but then again, some of the years ago,
I thought it was pretty good.
Right.
Why would I have stopped here when you got all the great fast food joints
all the way between going up to state.
And once you get to Tampa, you've got steak and shake,
which we didn't have at that time.
And you got hardies.
Yeah.
They have hardies in Avan Park.
See, there you go.
So why would I have stopped at the black forest if it was crappy
when you got hardies there?
With a shroomed Swiss burger?
Oh, my God.
The best.
I wish I had one right now.
I'd eat it on the air.
You'd benched me to all that out of shape.
Here's sarcastic Sam who says back when I was still living in South Florida
when it didn't suck so bad yet.
In the 1980s, I witnessed an active honesty by an employee of a sub shop
near the airport.
It was late near closing time.
I was in line to order when a guy rushed in with his eyes bulging out of his head.
In a panic, heavily accident-advoise, he frantically asked the kid
behind the counter if anybody happened to find a purse.
Oh, yes, said the kid who produced a black purse from behind the counter
and cheerfully handed over to the man with the accident.
The guy thanked him quickly and rushed back out the door.
Two minutes later, the same guy re-entered the shop of the huge smile on his face.
He thanked the employee again, handed him a 20 and said,
thanks man, there was $10,000 in that purse.
Everybody in line looked at him and the guy behind the counter said,
you should give behind him in line, said you should give him a bigger reward man
so he gave the kid 40 bucks more and left.
The sad thing about this story is that 20 plus years later,
the guy behind the counter is probably still making minimum wage somewhere
while the foreigner probably jumped on a plane with his $9,940 in longer drug money
never to be seen again.
Longer drug money in Miami, are you kidding me?
Anyone stupid enough to hear a 10K in cash,
especially in Miami at night time, kind of deserves to lose it,
especially after shouting his front of a bunch of strangers,
there's 10 grand in this purse.
Go Red Sox, his sand.
And that was up 51 points.
It's not doing too much today, which is probably a good thing.
It's a good thing, bang.
Here's the poll right up to the minute.
Well, what's Anderson Pooper doing?
I don't know, that's some other guy.
Breaking news, oh, this is about those pirates,
32 votes on the thing.
He looks like an aging Anderson Pooper with glasses and gray hair.
Oh yeah.
And gay, gay hair.
So what do you think about Anderson's Pooper?
If I could take back a single moment in my life,
it would be when blank.
I said something hurtful to someone, 72.
I'd said I do 46.
How about if you said I don't?
Having sex with that person, 34, I accepted a job, 22.
When I didn't wear a condom, 20, I had that one more drink, 18.
Dropped out of school, 16.
I have no regrets.
Lier, it says 12.
No regrets.
12 liars.
I signed a contract, nine.
I pulled the trigger, seven.
I ripped somebody off, six.
I tried to beat that train, three.
I ran a red light, two.
I signed the divorce papers, two.
I accepted someone's dear one.
And I dared somebody to do something, none.
Yeah, like jump off the roof, you know, and they don't regret it.
They couldn't, they don't want to take it back.
Maybe with somebody that hated like poison, they did jump off the roof and they're dead.
And they're like, relishing the fact that it happened, as opposed to regretting that,
oh, I wish I wouldn't have done that, you know.
I can think of some people I would very much like to have jump off a very, very tall building.
I'm sure.
I'm not going to mention any names on here.
Oh, American crew retakes the hijack chip.
Isn't that good?
All right.
I wonder Johnny Depp was on that pirate ship, you think?
If they're lucky.
The emails have stopped.
They've come to a screeching halt.
Now, I would have thought in like a real place, in a real place, as opposed to South Florida,
I would have thought that the story that I gave about the $1350 ticket that I dropped without knowing it would buy,
that would have inspired dozens of responses.
Wouldn't you think?
You would think so.
And like, like I said, like in a real living and breathing place, you would have thought.
I'm Mark Morgan.
Now here's Neil Rogers on 560 QAM.
She's finally finally here now.
Looks like the Quaker Road's die.
Smells from the body roll balls.
Far from the shank body fell, and I's full of her eyes pop out.
It happens when she relies.
She raised four criminal clouds.
Far from Bush's body fell tonight.
And she's testing, holes in crafting.
And she raised four toys, and that's it.
She's a drowskate, and takes our bridge to an A-1.
And the dog says they want no boys.
Watch like she's very inebriable, and pull between her thighs and eyes.
Body fell tonight.
She's acting to be too hot.
And if she's always surprised, she's wiggling when she's hot.
Far from Bush has not even fell tonight.
Three games were short, toys, and gin mouche, not a man, chin-deel.
Wild and close, feel free to check back.
And smells just like the magic sauce, not a big hat.
Far from Bush's resembles on his walk night, on a bad day with three.
Body fell tonight.
No 33 at 560 W.Q. I'm happy Wednesday to you.
We got D.A. for the big O.
At two o'clock this afternoon.
The big O is, I don't know, somewhere.
Taking some days off.
Couple hundred, maybe.
And then Mad Dog is in our gust of the masters, where everybody's just freezing their ass off.
What a shame.
Oishmojou, who used to actually have something to say once in a while, but hasn't in a long time,
he says, Flea definitely has a future in radio.
He throws the ball back, George Ducks.
How do you like that?
Okay.
Now what was the channel 468 for that Marlins game?
Yeah, I think so.
Four.
There it is.
Oh, it's two-nothing.
Oh, no.
But we made it to the bottom of the first, and the Marlins got to run around base.
Oh, no, don't be doing no play-by-play though.
No.
In the past tense, the Marlins had to run around base.
Anyway, Oishmojou says, George, however, doesn't deserve all the bashing, but he should take a hint and boach up a little and try to be an entertainer.
Is that what he's paid for?
Then again, George can work both sides of the microphone, whatever that means.
I don't know.
I'm going to blow some Easter eggs out, my ass in preparation for Pesach.
Duck-Goy, here comes an omelette, it says.
Duck-Goy.
Duck-Gus, duck-Goy.
Yeah, it's Pesach, happy Pesach, get out the Pesatoki candies, get out the egg, call strike three, baby.
That was bad.
I think I saw it.
I've seen it.
Yeah, John Baker.
Don't be doing no play-by-play now, they're going to get very upset.
They got the exclusive rights to the Florida Marlins, they really blow.
I was doing color.
What?
I was doing color.
There's nobody there.
Oh.
Yeah, no one.
Oh, Norma Kent is back again.
This is, I spoke to John, his A.C.L.S. guy over the phone three times.
If I thought meeting them would lead to any level of productivity, I would have.
I'm an A.J.L.L.R. not a salesperson.
I can't get them to sell ads for you.
They certainly said they were trying, albeit unsuccessfully.
My fees were to compensate me for a decent and not spectacular contract.
The bottom line is that AM radio is collapsing and it speaks for itself.
WFTO lost its lease and is moving.
Radio revenues are currently like newspapers folding everywhere.
But I've never had to ask you to pay for the services I render whenever you needed them.
And I provided them in good faith expecting the moderation is previously compensated.
The ball is in your record.
The ball is in your record.
Everything with a sports analogy with Norma.
What is nobody at that game?
Look at that.
And a double play.
I mean, double play ending the ending, I think.
I think.
I think I dreamed it.
I got to turn that off because otherwise, you know, we love the marlins.
They're going to lose, but they're two and all, you know.
And the Panthers don't look like it's going to make the playoffs.
So everybody will drop them like a hot potato.
They only got two games left.
Now when's the next game tomorrow night?
Yeah, I believe so.
Who is it that plays Philly last two games?
It's the Rangers.
Yeah, Rangers play the flyers tomorrow for sure.
It's home and home.
Yeah, there you go.
And the Leafs play the sabers here tonight.
Any interest in that?
No.
Meaningless game.
Somebody says you were dead on when you said if
Payet McCain, Payet them lost the election.
Levi would run as fast as he could from that family.
Hey, Levi, run out here, baby.
He's a fine, fine young specimen.
Levi.
The war of wars between the families of Alaska Governor Sarah Payet them.
Levi Johnson doesn't appear to be letting up.
An interview with CBS Johnson sharply refuted the Payet them claim.
He was lying about being permitted to live with one time,
fiance Bristol Paylon and suggested the Paylon family is now essentially treating him as an outcast.
Well, I'm just trying to get my side of the story out there letting people know who I am.
He said the interview with CBS that aired today.
Adding the biggest misconception about him is probably that my family is white trash.
In the interview, his second national TV sit down in last week.
It's a sit down.
Johnson also said his relationship with Bristol Paylon began to deteriorate when Sarah returned to Alaska after the presidential election.
I think when she got back his when it went down hill, he said they don't think of me the same way anymore.
Well, you know, every baby's got to have a daddy.
Johnson also said he was heartbroken with the relationship ended, but added I got an amazing little boy out of it.
That's what happens when you do those things, honey.
Johnson's sister, Mercedes, also taking part in the interview was even a harsher in assessment of the Paylons saying their downright snobby.
Look what they're doing.
She said they're lying to save themselves.
They're the ones who asked for it.
They brought them to the campaign.
They should have known what was coming, so to speak.
Levi is coming to town.
Well, I got a pile of stuff here.
It's a damn good thing.
We got an hour and 22 minutes to kill.
Here is one from somebody who says you're right.
Bubba loves pun sucks.
Now, see, this is a case of somebody putting words in my mouth that I ever say I never heard him.
No.
Didn't I say I never heard him so I can't judge whether he sucks or not?
Right.
But I sure as hell don't see any gigantic number there.
Any big impact in the market in the first two months, number one.
And number two, most of the comments we've gone know that he sucks.
Now you've heard him, right?
Yes.
And I don't think he sucks.
I don't think he's right for this market.
He's red-nicky.
Yeah, very.
Not an Ascar.
A lot of Hulk Hogan, which would be great if it was like 1990.
Oh my God, still with the Hulk Hogan crap, huh?
Mm-hmm.
Isn't that then stupid show that is that still on the ear?
I don't think so.
Hulk Hogan with the gay son and the right.
His show ended.
And then the daughter had a show.
And I think it's over now too.
Oh, thank God.
How about another shot at love?
Another shot at love?
Come on.
Larry says, if you don't mind, let me help you educate people about casino receipts.
Number one, there is no name on the ticket.
That is correct.
Number two, if foodbite is like the hard rock, there are kiosk gole where you can catch your tickets
without giving to a human being.
That's also correct.
Three, if you find the tickets at the hard rock or the dog track,
you can just put it back in any slot machine and play it.
That is also correct.
Yes.
So if you found a ticket in the 70s,
or I lost a $1400 ticket, you could put it in the machine and play it in a 100 bucks.
Your ticket would be a $1300 ticket.
See what I'm saying?
Yep.
It says you wouldn't believe how many tickets are on the floor, but usually they're crap,
50 cents, 3 cents, etc.
Larry says, for the pull I take back selling drugs to a cop.
One good idea, Larry.
Take it back.
So I'm going to, I guess I'm going to start doing like D-fo at the track.
Oh!
Kick it over those tickets.
See if anybody dropped any, yeah, that's what D-fo has been doing for a tour.
20 years.
Really?
He goes down by the rail, kicks over tickets, try to find some winning tickets that people drop
on the Atlanta.
It's a living match.
New, good.
This is an ABC News special report.
President and Mrs. Obama, they're at Buckingham Palace where they had a private audience
with Queen Elizabeth.
They threw eggs and fruits.
Fight with me!
Scuffle with police.
They've smashed the windows at the Royal Bank of Scotland.
There is the Queen at her husband.
The Obama's tried to break the end of the bank of England.
And there you see Barack Obama is carrying a machine gun and sporting an afro.
Yes, we did.
It will be right back.
Oh, that was most amusing.
It's 12.45 already.
My God, we're almost done here another hour and a quarter.
Can you believe that?
All right.
That's what I say.
I might have another weenian in honor of that.
I'm thinking, you know, I wish it was like back in the day.
I mean, not these frozen dinners like they have now.
But they used to have a hundred years ago.
They used to have like these little round tin things that you could put in the oven.
Although I guess you can't put those in the, you can't nukum.
Right.
If they're tin.
You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
Like spaghetti and meat sauce, stuff like that.
Yeah.
That would be good.
I could like dribble that all over my chinder in the show.
Because I don't want to like it to a clock before I hop in the cab and go to you know where.
I don't want to like have to eat another one of those big double snickers bars.
Ooh.
That sounds good though.
The house have 68 points.
And the marlins are losing to nothing.
At least last time I checked.
Are you watching it?
Yeah, it's too nothing still.
Well, they're losing.
And there's nobody there to see it.
That's the good thing.
The bad news is they're losing the good news is nobody's there to see it.
Jimmy Dorsky, who's a real ass clown, says you dropped a $1350 ticket and didn't know it.
I thought I might have Jimmy.
Like I'm the first person that ever dropped something on the floor.
And these tickets they tend to like stick together.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
Birds of a feather stick together.
Here's a response if you want one.
So Jimmy, no, I wasn't asking for one.
But you idiot.
You quizzed me.
You simple than you fairy.
You fairy.
He says.
Yeah, blow it out.
You're ass Jimmy.
And happy paysock.
Jimmy Dorsky, my ass.
Sounds like a real po-walk.
Bugsy says one day I was at the trial real station found a bank envelope that had $1000 bills and a 50 in it.
It had a bunch of phone numbers and Spanish people's names written on the outside.
I think I called.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
It says.
Ha, ha, ha.
No.
And rightfully so.
It had 10, it had a thousand and fifty bucks in it.
Not bad.
Done.
A good find.
Like that day I've talked about so many times back in 1976 on a weekend.
My bank card at the fact ship bank was the only place I could access any funds and it wasn't and back in those days yet your bank had only worked at your own bank.
It wasn't like now where you can basically use an ATM in any bank.
Right.
For like three dollars.
And the and the fact ship bank there on Alton Road or wherever the hell it was.
It was the ATM was broken.
And I couldn't get a dime.
I had no cash.
None.
And I'm walking on Alton Road right by that hotel pharmacy places, die in for lunch.
And sure enough there was like, I forget how much it was.
Fifteen, twenty bucks on the ground.
I'm on the sidewalk.
Now do you think I thought a second time before I picked that up when it never had me a nice lunch?
No.
Should I have thought about it a second time?
No.
It's just just you know like a ten and a five couple of bills laying on the on the street there.
Am I going to have like an investigation?
Well anybody get a bullhorn.
Anybody dropped a couple of bills on the ground.
I found your money.
It was an act of God.
That's right.
The good Lord was looking out for my ass to keep it fat and sick.
Diabetic.
In fact, maybe if I wouldn't have had that one meal, I wouldn't be diabetic today.
You know what I had?
I had a cheeseburger and a hot fight someday.
Nice.
And of course a coke.
Maybe a dyed coke.
I don't remember in those days if I was drinking dyed coke.
If they even had it then.
What?
Well you had a dyed coke come out.
I don't know.
Google it.
All right.
See if I told George to Google it.
Oh, gee.
Don't be picking on George now just because he's on vacation this week.
Everybody in their brother hops on.
Hops on the gland wagon.
Picks on poor little George.
1982.
1982 was the beginning of dyed coke.
Yep.
Are you sure?
That's what it says.
How was that possible Wikipedia 1982?
So before 1982 even us fat people were drinking like sugar beverages.
Your drinking tab.
Tab.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Are you kidding me?
That was the worst tasting swill.
They still make it.
Well, I don't care if they still make it.
I still ain't drinking it.
I was not drinking tab.
Do you ever had a can of tab or a towel?
Oh yeah.
Terrible.
Awful tasting.
It makes verners ginger real taste like fine wine.
Ever had verners?
No.
The world's worst.
It tastes like cork.
See tab came out in 1963.
No.
What's made by folks?
This was 1976.
It was my first year of KAT, first year of Miami.
Then you had a regular coke.
Maybe I had a tab.
Could have.
Maybe I had diet RC.
Maybe I had a fegal.
Oh, fegal.
Maybe fegal was on those days.
How about a next year?
I'll show you.
I'll show you.
Yeah.
There's a good word.
Sam and Boston says, baseball is a live a well in Boston.
Well, good for you.
We love Boston.
Those of us who've been there and lived there.
Great.
Oh yeah.
He points out Ted Kennedy throughout the first pitch and it went about three feet.
He looked pretty good.
I thought, did you see that?
I did.
I did.
I did see it.
It looked pretty good.
Yeah, to throw it twice though to make it.
Did he?
Yeah.
I didn't see that.
Padroia, isn't it Padroza?
It says Padroia and Verite cranked a couple of homers.
Padroia.
Is it Padroia?
Yeah.
Who's that?
I don't follow baseball.
He's the second baseman.
I believe he was the American link rookie the year last year.
I'll be damned.
What's he looked like?
They cranked a couple of homers and hardly a soul left before the very end of the game.
This despite the weather being overcast windy in the 40s.
The red socks have sold out every home game for many years but hey, the marlins are, uh,
make sure to sell out every game once they open the new steam a little near a little of Anna, right?
Not go socks to Sam and Boston.
Well, good luck to you Sam.
And the Bruins are choking like dogs.
Bruins had a big start this season and lately not so great.
Although they did be ranges the other day one zip.
Ranges.
It's really something once the rangers just clawing and gnashing for their lives.
And of course the Panthers they're just not clawing or gnashing.
Yeah, they play the thrashers on Thursday and then their home game.
The last home game is here against the capitals on Saturday.
Oh, the Crabitals.
Yep.
With Alexander Kvetschenovetskin.
He's pretty good.
He's great.
He's not pretty good.
He's great.
Yeah.
Well, well, the Nashville predators.
I don't know.
Are they in or are they out?
I think they were right on the bubble of the playoffs.
I'm not sure.
There's a franchise that exists for no reason at all.
Yeah.
And I think I could be wrong but isn't very trots still a coach?
I don't know.
Looks like Dracula on a bad day buried with the trots.
He's been there.
I think the whole whole time the franchise has been there.
Any interest in hockey in Nashville?
No.
It is about as much interest in hockey in actual as there's baseball in South Florida and hockey.
This is a great market to have 600 sports stations because nobody cares about any of the sports teams except the doffins.
They can't even pronounce the names of the damn sports.
And the Marlins, the Marlins, when I hear somebody say the Marlins, I just want to gag.
And the Marlins just got thrown at it at home trying to advance up on the ball.
Oh, no.
Are you doing a pass dance though, right?
Right.
Pass dance.
It's over.
Don't be doing play by play on a radio.
They're going to get really perked off across.
You know how they they just want to nail us to the wall.
Like Joel Feinberg would say they'll do anything to hurt us.
What a child he was, man.
That's how spoiled rich kids are.
He's not rich anymore.
Isn't he?
He got cut off.
I think his house went into poor closure.
Good.
Oh, what happy days these are.
Two on and two out, but we're not doing the play by play.
No.
Nice picture, Denise.
Let's see.
Here's one from somebody that says, Neil, this has been bothering me.
When are they going to come out with a female enhancement pill?
My email is full of spam to make man larger commercials on TV the same.
They need to make a pill to make women smaller.
Nice.
And it goes on a whole thing about stumps and holes and yada yada.
It says we need female enhancement.
By the way, I love your show, Neil God, from some clown.
But not an ass clown.
Oh, an ass clown.
Oh, looks like the end of the ending to me.
What is it?
Two to one now?
I think it's still two zero.
I think you're wrong.
OK.
We love the marlins.
They scored one.
I don't know.
I just looked real quick, but it looked to me like two to one.
Don't tell anybody what the score is.
That's, you know, play by play.
Although the ending is over, so it's in the past.
In Stuttgart, Germany, a court judge must have signed on a case of honorable intentions,
in a situation where a man hired his neighbor to get his wife pregnant.
It seems that Demetrius Supola's 29 and his former beauty queen wife, Traute,
wanted a child badly, but Demetrius was told by a doctor he was sterile,
kind of like all these sports stations sterile.
So Supola's, after claiming his wife's, coming his wife's protest,
hired his neighbor, Frank Maus, 34, MA US Maus, to impregnator.
He wanted to have a Maus impregnator's wife, not an easy task.
No.
Since Maus was already married and a father or two children
puzzled very much like Supola's to boot the plan seemed good.
Supola's played Maus $2,500 for the job, and for three evenings a week for the next six months,
Maus tried desperately to total out 72 different times to impregnate Traute.
Whatever these names are, you know, whatever they are.
When his own wife objected, he explained,
I don't like this anymore than you.
I'm simply doing it for the money.
Try to understand.
I'm doing it for the money, honey.
Right.
When Traute failed to get pregnant after six months, however,
Supola, Supola, whatever's name is, was not understanding and insisted
that Maus have a medical exam, which he did.
The doctors announcement that Maus was also sterile, shocked everyone except his wife,
who was forced to confess that Maus was not the real father of their two kids.
Oh, right.
A screwing going on over there, and not necessarily by people who are married to each other.
Now, Supola's to suing Maus for breach of contract and effort to get his money back,
but Maus refuses to give it up because he said he didn't guarantee conception
only he would give an honest effort.
And evidently, if they screwed 72 times, he gave a real honest effort.
In Stuttgart, Germany, have never been in Stuttgart?
I've never been in Germany now.
Where have you been?
I've been to England.
I've been to France, and I've been to Amsterdam.
Amsterdam, huh?
Oh, yeah.
Well, the concept.
Loved it.
Been on the Damrak.
You've been with the Micky Dees where they have the pet rat?
No.
That went on for about a year.
They had this one rat that was under the deep fryer, you know.
And every time he'd go in there, there he was.
He was like a member of the family there.
Right.
You know the Micky Dees on the Damrak?
Yep.
Of course there's about 100 Micky Dees.
That's one thing when you go to Europe for the first time.
And you see all these fast food joints, burger, king and Micky Dees, and Wendy's, and pizza hut?
KFC too, I noticed.
KFC.
Oh yeah, there's a KFC right there in the Damrak too, right next to Micky Dees.
Yep.
Not too far from that damn square.
I did like the chocolate-covered waffles.
Those were good.
Oh!
You're going to start raving about the food, and I'm still.
Oh, no, the food is bad, but those were good.
That was a 87 points.
And Flea loves the food, and I'm still dumb.
KFC.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
It's got very bad food.
Tell you when I'm up in Boca-Tika, slapping all the women with paint and lips around the pool.
I listen to the Neal Rogers one or two hours.
I mean, I listen to the Neal Rogers here in balance one or two hours.
Whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh.
Fans, I thank you.
I love you.
And I look forward to playing baseball and having an amazing season.
Secondly, I miss the Jork problem in Major League Baseball.
So, I just injected steroids today.
Alex, do you consider what you did cheating?
Yeah, I mean, look, one thing I know is for sure, Alex Rodriguez.
He's a lot bigger than baseball.
Alex, did you ever experiment with anything else during the course of your career, such as human growth hormone or infetimines?
Uh, all of the above.
I basically take any substance or anything, and I'm very guilty for both those.
I wanted to know a little bit about male ejaculation.
Is that a turn on for most men?
Yeah, big time.
That's as good as it gets.
Because I mean, I think it happened before.
I mean, all I knew is that the bed was a wet.
Look, it's really hard to get myself in that mind frame.
I'm trying to get pro steroid message to kids all over the country.
And I hope that kids plan to do human growth hormone.
I thank you for being here.
And you're welcome.
It's 102 at 560 WQM.
It's our big gigantic smelly one to two hour.
Flea is here, Georgia's on vacation.
Next week, Flea and George, I'll be on vacation.
So I told Norma I'd send him a check.
I didn't tell him how much.
Yeah, dollar.
Oh, sir, Stan, I mean, what kind of nervous he got?
First of all, to be doing this like on the year while I'm on the year,
which he knows I'm going to read it on the year.
Number one, and number two, he's like demanding more money than before when he knows my salary is cut in half.
In part, thanks to his ineptitude.
And then he's got the gall to say to me, well, based on the way the economy is right now,
you're new to your existence and looking pretty good.
Yeah.
You extend this, Norma.
I'll send you a check for whatever I feel like.
Something, whatever I can afford.
I ain't got the bucks like I used to have.
I'll say to that right now.
Right.
I got a lot of expense.
My unadopted Mexican son.
Oh, my God.
Expense.
You haven't got any idea what expense is all about.
You got kids?
No.
You have no kids?
No.
You have no intention of having kids?
No.
Good.
Good thinking.
There are big expense.
Booze is a big expense.
Yeah.
I have that.
You have booze?
Yeah.
Why are you a big boo sound?
I like to drink, yeah, sure.
Oh, my God.
A drunken Jew.
Happy paysock.
Get out there.
I'm going to David and the Man of Shevitz.
Now, what is it for tonight?
Morgan, David and the Man of Shevitz.
You got me.
I don't follow any of this stuff.
What do you mean you don't follow it?
It sounds to me like if it's booze, you follow it right to the name of a counter.
Yeah.
Well, I'll drink it.
But it's paysock.
Get out the paysock.
Get out the paysock.
Get out the paysock.
Get out the paysock.
Get out the paysock.
Oh, Mata.
Man, talk about it.
You know what Mata tastes like cardboard.
Even with butter and salt on it.
Have you ever had Mata?
My mom used to make a very good chicken Mata ball soup.
What is Mata ball soup?
I have to do with Mata.
Did you make a Mata?
You're a crazy person.
You're not a Jew.
You're a ringer.
I'm telling you, I'm not.
I don't follow any of these.
Mata ball soup.
You're comparing that with Mata.
I don't know.
Mata is like a flat piece of cardboard.
Oh, yeah.
That's bad.
You don't even know what the hell it is.
No, I do now.
But I thought you make Mata balls out of Mata though.
Yeah, but you're making that a Mata meal.
They're round.
You know, balls are round.
Right.
Yeah, they are.
In case you haven't looked lately, balls.
Jesus, God.
And what else do we have on paysox?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
Did they have like a filter fish?
With horse radish?
I like horse radish.
Now, is horse a crane?
Is that what they call horse radish?
Crane?
Okay.
Red horse radish.
Horrible stuff.
Nasty.
But then again,
Gifilta fish needs something on it.
And definitely not that slimy gel from the jar.
Oh, throw that out.
That's disgusting.
When you get your Gifilta fish out, wash it off.
Get that slimy crap that oozing slime off of it.
It's probably trache.
Oh, Johnny Dark, the fake Johnny Dark, or the real one, I don't know.
And I don't care.
It says, I hear you joking about George being fired.
The fact is, that's what he deserves.
He's a glorified board off who doesn't belong on the ear.
You always rip the bird, but he was never as bad or as much of a malcontent as George.
Your fancy yourself as an angry prophet, announcing the apocracies for your time?
No, I don't.
That was Howard Beale, sorry.
You are the hypocrite.
How can you forget all the good radio people over the years?
It's like they die off and no one cares.
How depressing.
Where is your sense of nostalgia?
You've always taken advantage of the hostility and hate in Miami.
You got everyone whipped up against the Cubans in the 80s until it became too much.
Then you turned your hate on older people, but now you're an old fart yourself.
You're old stand by as your hate of religion as you come close to death perhaps this will change as well.
Well, I'm close to death, all right.
It's not too late to let go of the hate and let in the light.
I would apologize to Rick Shaw and invite Stan Major to come in.
Well, go ahead.
Apologize to Rick Shaw and let Stan Major come in on your show, Johnny Dork, if you ever get another job.
Johnny Dork.
Now, now what's your take?
What do you think about these emails?
Do you think some of them might be the real people or, I mean, George thinks they're all fake?
No, I think some of them are real.
You do?
Yep.
Johnny Dork, you don't even know Johnny Dork.
No, I don't think he's real, but I think that Adam Kirschner's a real?
No.
No?
No, because we know.
Why do you say that?
Because I think one of them had his name on his email address.
I guess, well, I guess you could set that up without having it be you, but I think his is real.
How do you know what it had? Are you checking out the emails?
No, because he emailed me, too.
Adam Kirschner?
Yeah, I know Adam.
And he said what?
He was talking about the Howard Stern thing with the voice guy, Billy West.
So I think that's real.
And I think the, what's the other one?
Tom Jitka?
Yeah, Jitka, yeah.
I think half of his are real.
No, they're not because the real time Jitka when emails me, which is very seldom.
We have a, we have a code word.
So I know it's really him.
Okay.
The rest are all bogus.
And Tom's real email is not a Gmail.
All these bogus ones Gmail, you know, everybody sends up these, these phony emails.
And you know, they're not a Gmail accounts.
Right.
Anytime you see that, it's like like Barry Jackass.
Barry Jackass at gmail.com.
You believe that's for real?
No.
Barry Jackass?
I mean, he's a Jackass, but do you think that anybody is that much of an ass clown that they're going to call themselves Barry Jackass?
Is because well, he might.
He's that much.
You know, he is.
He's that much of a nebitch, that much of a puts.
That's a good poll question.
Who's the bigger and never sure puts Robert Gryper or Barry Jackass?
Ooh.
Now do you know Robert Gryper?
Oh, yeah, I do.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah.
We have 349 votes on our new poll.
Now what do we have on the first one?
Let's see, if you previous, we had the 965, 965 and what?
That's pretty good total for the two polls.
We used to keep track of this back in the day when we had an audience.
Now it's too embarrassing.
350.
That's 1315.
That's pretty good total.
And it's only 108, damn it.
I mean.
So you really believe some of the emails are legit.
I think some are not all.
Most are not.
Most are not.
A portion of a pornographic film was screened last night on the University of Maryland campus
despite a new threat from a state legislator to deny the school construction funds
unless it develops unacceptable policy on pornography on campus.
What's wrong with pornography on campus?
I think all the hot students at universities from coast to coast ought to be making pornography,
not just watching it.
About 200 students turned out for sexually explicit excerpts of Pirates 2,
Stagnetti's Revenge and a discussion of free speech in pornography and lecture hall
at the college park campus, the event was sponsored by a coalition of student leaders.
At times it felt more like a rally than a panel discussion,
with louder applause for lawyers and professionals as they spoke before a thicket of TV news cameras
about the importance of free speech.
Well, we don't believe in free speech here in radio.
We don't have a little bit of it, not no more.
Can't say this, can't do that, and certainly don't say PP.
I just said PP.
Then the screen lit up and the mood changed immediately.
Music thundered through the room, and the students began laughing at the Pirates.
After 15 minutes of churning, seas, thunder, and pirates wielding cudgles,
what else is a cudgel?
No idea.
A man in the audience called out that he wanted to see some skin.
After about half an hour of the 2.5 hour film was shown,
the point was principal, not porn, several student leaders said,
beside the NCAA championship game was starting at 9.
This was crazy.
I don't know what they were thinking to put that in a public viewing,
especially on a college campus said,
I know Con 19.
It's just not appropriate.
But the Metro Burkot, a 19-year-old student from Ukraine,
said the controversy was a lot of fuss by both sides over nothing.
Much to do about nothing.
State Senator Andrew P. Harris, Republican of Baltimore County last week,
threatened to block the university's $424 million share of state operating funds over plans
to show the film at a theater in the student union.
The state operating budget is in conference committee,
cannot be amended when it emerges,
but debate on the capital budget begins today.
I know some students would like to portray this as a free speech issue,
Harris and the statement,
this is about used to taxpayer dollars in the Maryland General Assembly Act,
and that's every day on issues concerning the use of taxpayer dollars.
Administrators canceled the screening of the movie schedule for last Saturday night,
the student run theater when Harris protested.
The university did not pay for the movie and cost would have been covered by ticket sales.
A representative from Planned Parenthood was invited to discuss, say, of sex,
but a coalition of students rescheduled to showing him experts in excerpts in the lecture hall,
taking the movie out from under the university's auspices.
How do you like that?
Porno at University of Maryland.
These are college students, so can they have any nervous breakdown about?
By the time kids get to college, how much porno, how many hours?
About 30 minutes.
100 hours of porno, do you think they've seen?
How many thousands of hours, huh?
Lots.
By the time they get to grade school.
How many hours?
About 30 minutes.
Of Ron Jeremy, do you think they've seen?
That's what tortures the net screws up their whole life.
The douse up 78 points, by the way, American crew re-taxed the hijack ship.
Oh, thank God, crew re-gains control from pirates.
The freaking pirates.
352 votes on the pool.
And leading with 89 votes.
If I could take back a single moment in my life, who would be when I said something hurtful to someone.
And that's certainly something I would never dream of doing.
Oh, Nioh!
That's the honey, Junior.
There's lady in town, she's another doxed you.
And she needs to buy bread that is unleavened.
Boy!
Mmm, oh, and she's buying bread at 7.
He leavened.
Boy!
And the bread is wonder.
And the bread is wonder.
On the bread is wonder.
17 at 560 WQM, so PR Ralph.
See, PR Ralph, he's more a Jewish than you are.
Okay.
And I think it's your Tampa upbringing, and that's why you're so goyish.
For sure.
Well, my mom was French, she wasn't Jewish, though.
Oh, then you're not Jewish.
Right.
Each Passover Jews worldwide take part in his special fees called the Passover Seder.
The Seder is the most widely observed Jewish practice day.
You having a Seder at your house tonight?
Oh, absolutely.
Yeah, me too.
In fact, I'm having a Seder at the Woodbine.
At the Seder table, a special book called the Passover Haganda is read out loud.
The Haganda includes a story of the Israelites exodus from Egypt, as well as Seder rituals and traditions.
When does the Passover Seder take place?
It asks.
The Seder was held on the first night of the holiday in the diaspora, but only on the first night of the Passover in Israel.
What is eaten in the Passover Seder?
Here's the answer to my question.
Oh, boy.
At what?
I'm sure it's really good stuff.
I'm going to do a joycery right in the chair in a minute.
I'm going to say it right here.
After reading of the Haganda, a festive kosher for Passover meal is eaten.
The following is a traditional, aschronicic Seder menu with links to the recipes.
And I remember a Passover Seder in my house when I was five years old.
And my father's father, my grandfather was still alive, which was a miserable old bastard he was.
And both of them.
And I remember that in the late, I was five years old.
They had me drink a little wine.
And that's something that's like 61 years ago, and I remember that.
Wow.
A little bit of wine from like a shot glass, you know, from a large shot glass.
How are set?
I have no idea what that is.
Gafiltafis.
See, I told you.
Oh, I know my Gafiltafis, mister.
Monsubal soup.
Sweet brisket.
Oh, a task of a tisket.
I love some of that brisket.
Now, back when corkies was still in business, every year at this time they would bring in for me and George.
A platter full of brisket and little potato lakis.
Ooh, potato lakis are awesome.
Oh, I don't know if potato lakis can eat potato lakis at Passover or Ahanika.
I don't know.
I can.
Roasted potatoes.
Miriams red cabbage.
Colorful cauliflower.
Roasted asparagus.
And then dried fruit compote.
Oh, fat.
That sounds like kaka.
Like duty.
Dried fruit compote.
Doesn't that sound bad?
Yeah.
Now, I don't know if you recall, but weeks ago I was talking about this thing between my little finger and the finger next to it on my right hand.
This dried condition, which I thought was either like a fumble infection.
And I tried to smear and everything on it.
And I thought I was rid of it.
And now it's really bad.
Like the skin is like rotting or something.
I don't know what it's doing in there.
Have you seen a dermatologist?
No.
No.
Why would I do that?
I don't know.
Maybe to cure it?
Oh, I'm going to have to go see a doc.
It's not looking all that good, you know.
It's dry, rotting.
I put all kinds of, I smeared all kinds of stuff on there.
So what do you have in gefilterfish, mots of all soup and brisket?
That sounds like a winner to me.
And maybe some potato pancakes.
Oh, I'm not sure if you can eat that on paysox.
I don't know.
Little locus.
I'll ask my neighbor.
Porkies had the best damn little potato locus.
Oh, God, were they good?
You'll ask who?
My neighbors.
Your neighbors are Jewish?
My whole building is basically, I live in Aventura.
Oh, an Aventura, Oivey.
You're the geyser cup on the block.
All new people, all of these neighbors don't let them kid you.
He's about as Jewish as Hermann Gring.
Because they like me now, so.
Do they?
Yeah, kind of.
Oh, here we go.
Barry Jackass says, my sources at $790, the ticket are telling me,
that the relations with George Sedano are strained.
George may be contacting WQA M soon.
Soon?
Or already has.
He already has, maybe.
Oh, don't give me this, maybe.
You got the pipeline to the inside.
There was a spy report that he was at lunch with Joe Bell,
but I don't know if they sure are.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Oh, that's right.
They like failure.
That forgot.
You're doing a good job of filling the breach for George there.
Thanks.
If it fails, they love it and they'll put it on.
And how soon can we get it?
Although I will say this though, Jerk didn't do much of a good job.
He did one morning there and that was it.
Yeah, went too many.
And they said, oh, that was enough for us.
Come on, Etchah!
Oh, my God.
He's just horrendous.
Grotesque.
We got DA for Big O today and tomorrow and probably Friday.
And for, no, no, we got to Big O back on Friday.
Damn it.
Radio advertising hurts dramatically by meltdowns in the banking
automotive industries is struggling to generate revenues
that once made it a monster in the world of profit margins.
Is this article sent to me by George and Orlando?
But at the moment, the lack of any clear visibility
into the economy's futures, perhaps the biggest single problem
for investors looking to build a media empire.
We know no where the bottom is that panelists Bishop Cheen
not to be confused with Bishop Sheen.
During a discussion on broadcast finance titled,
Life During and After the Credit Crunch,
at the 26th annual SNL Kagan Radio TV Finance Summit in New York.
Com-moderated by Kagan Associate Director and Senior Analyst,
Robin Flynn and Cheen, a Wacovia Securities Director and Senior
Analyst and Broadcast Industry Observer,
the session made it clear that radio is an odd,
holding pattern.
We're holding it.
Are you holding it?
As we speak, I'm holding it.
I don't feel nothing but I'm holding it.
Yeah, we're in an odd holding pattern.
Whatever that means.
It means you're using your left hand.
It means...
I'm dying out of here.
That's what it means.
368 votes on that poll.
We got a shot to get to 400.
That would be really, I don't know.
Walt says, hey Neil, I believe it was Flea
who just said, my mom is French, not Jewish.
What the hell does that mean?
There aren't any French Jews?
Well, Jewish is a religious affiliation,
French is a nationality.
Well, she's a French goi.
Right, I think she's a...
She's just being an ass, he knows what I mean.
She was Methodist.
Oh my God.
Scott and Penelope Park sends me this thing.
They got the picture from the old tropic magazine of me
because we wouldn't send them on.
From Newsmax, those Nazis and Newsmax.
Mm-hmm.
It's got all the talks your host listed here
including yours truly.
Well, let me print this out and see what it says.
It compares me to Alice Rantellis' Scott.
Alice was my protg.
I was the one that put Alice on the ear.
And when I told the cast to put Alice Rantell on the ear
full time, he was doing weekends back then.
He looked at me like, oh, you've got to be kidding me.
You must be schmitting me is what Dick said.
And now we put him on, he did okay.
And now he also has Norma Kent representing him.
I wonder if Norma is increasing his fees for Alice.
I wonder if Alice took a 50% pay cut in LA, do you think?
No.
Now, I'm sure your buddy laughs up his sleeve
up his fat ass over that crap, don't he?
Oh, I don't know.
Sure you do.
You know a lot but you won't say it.
It says, here's another talk show host who was openly gay
except that unlike LA's conservative Al Rantell,
Rogers is a proud and loud liberal with serious anti-social tendencies.
Most of the time he doesn't even come to the radio station
pervaring instead to broadcast from Canada,
work short weeks and take long vacations.
A Jew who's rough on Israel, right wingers,
the often cranky Rogers keeps away from hard news
and focuses on stories of instant phenomenon
that interests his large, young male audience.
Typical comment, gay is who I am,
that's how I see things on the air.
There are a few queens on the air like Alice Rantell
who was dragged out of the closet kicking and screaming.
That's an accurate quote, that's right.
When he was on the light bulb, WFTL,
he thought his friends from some local gay organization
in Fort Lauderdale and they outed him right on the air.
Alice, he didn't ever come out voluntarily.
He was outed.
Gay, hey Alice.
You fairy.
Haven't heard from Alice in a while now.
You think it's the real Alice Rantell or fake?
Fake.
Come on.
Lee Rogers, Neil Rogers,
Mike Rosen, Dave Ross, J. Severin,
very young, Tom Becker,
for what all the list of people I never heard of.
Roger Hedgecock, John and Ken,
Kathy and Judy, who?
Ron Owens.
Ron Owens is great.
KGO and San Francisco.
Did you ever hear KGO?
You've been in Frisco?
I have.
And you ever hear KGO?
No.
Now I don't know what it is like now,
but back in the day,
a great, not good, a great radio station.
I like that set once upon a time.
This is your ball and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
What's the mole for sexual enhancement?
Ah.
This is Moe, haven't it?
And I want to tell you about a product
that sexually enhances you.
Now we can't just say,
well, and that wouldn't be right.
But when a wink and a nudge.
Why this little pill here?
We'll make it thicker and a wider room.
Oh, yeah!
How?
These spots here never say why.
We can't really say what it is that gets thicker and a wider room.
But I do notice these hand pills.
You okay?
Yeah, yeah.
Feels like I got a cuckold.
You know, Kelly,
last night I had the best sex I ever had in my life.
Yeah.
Why sure?
It reminded me of my college days.
When I had four chicks in a room,
all doing me at the same time.
You did?
No.
For the more,
nine out of ten scientists invented these hand pills for bodygags.
Tones out of tight religious tights who get their spielkeys when you play fotsounds.
They don't care if you're pushed or crap out of these things.
And now the pharmaceutical companies they got as close as God is.
What are you trying to pull?
Daddy!
What's with your pussy thing?
But I'm wider and thicker and it won't go down.
Try to pull that and tuck that at something.
Don't give a fuck I already tried that.
What do you think I got it in a splint ball?
Remember,
if you got a little noodle,
swallow a bottle,
and if you don't need them,
buy them anyway.
So the marlins are winning until I lose them two to one.
Yep.
Are you watching it?
Mm-hmm.
Don't give any play by play any blow by blow.
The Dow is up 78 points.
Whoo!
A lot of pressure today.
You know what I feel like?
Tremendous pressure.
I don't know why.
It's almost over.
It is almost over.
The pain is almost over.
We got less than a half an hour to go.
You got eight minutes of spots in there.
So that cuts it down to 20.
And then a couple of bits.
That cuts it down to about 18.
We got it down to a science talk about mailing it in.
I think maybe I'm going to get a meat cleaver this afternoon.
And just chop off my pinky.
And then that'll be gone.
Wow.
Because it's only it's just confined to right there
and in between that finger and the other one.
But it's mostly on the inside of the pinky.
Don't stinky though.
On my pinky.
Hmm.
I wonder if Joe Bell's pinky stinky after his chore yesterday morning.
Did he have a conversation with him about that?
No, not really.
He was already gone.
And what about today?
Didn't come by and pat you on the head?
I have not seen him today now.
No.
Maybe he's getting his body dushed after that.
But stinky job he had to do yesterday.
I never heard of such a thing especially in the so called major market.
The general manager.
The toilet overflows the GMS to clean up the feces of the species.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
That was up 80 points.
Don't you find that the revolt?
It's very odd.
Rudy says, I'm here at home listening to you on the ear and visiting your.
And by the way,
nobody other than first he said there was any special signal problems worse than usual today.
So maybe she's just her radio is dying or maybe they don't care they're used to it.
Visiting your web page, please add all of the above for me.
I agree with you.
I'm not accepting calls.
We'll should be talking to me to say the same.
Anyway, how are we going to pay for it?
I'm still your friend on my space.
Love you, man.
Can you play Rochden?
I don't have any friends on my space.
They're all gone.
I mean, they're there, but they just vanished.
PS, can you play Rochden during this holy is the holy days?
How are they?
Sure, I play Rochden.
Sure.
And then compared to that with the my space,
I've got all these people from Facebook.
Oh, please check out my pictures and join me on Facebook.
No.
Why did they do that?
I don't know.
Why?
They know I'm not going to get on there.
I have no interest in it.
And what am I going to join them in doing?
What?
I got to see their picture.
Of course you're on there too, right?
Facebook, Twitter, must've...
I haven't Twittered much, but Facebook...
Oh, quote with your Twitter.
Can you make a...
Can you make a...
Can you make a...
Can you make a...
Can you make a...
Can you make a...
Can you make a...
Can you make a...
Can you make a...
You're on it too, right?
Can you make a...
Can you make a...
Can you make a...
Can you make a...
Can you make a...
Can you make a...
Can you make a...
Please take a seat, man.
Yeah...
Rest delete...
Rest delete...
Rest delete...
Dirty ass...
I'm not that orthodox, I like Jimic Rift, and I like a smog a script.
I like my surprise, I am a giddy type of guy, rust a knee, rust a U, rust a black rust a tune, rust a tune.
Oh, now you grasp the tune, I like gochetsho, and I hide the motorbike, chicken suit with carnage, a lot.
That's what I like, I've ever tasted it, pretz, taste, taste, cringe,
slanting and give it a fish, that's much more my experience, rust a knee, rust a U, rust a black rust a tune, rust a tune.
I want me tell you, rust a tune.
Oi!
I'm tired of hearing it.
Oi!
I'm tired of hearing it.
I'm tired of hearing it.
Oi!
I'm tired of hearing it.
Oi!
Oi!
And I still don't like you.
Oh yeah, then why you spoon in me.
Sixteen till two a QAM I've got a shocking development here, from the fake time chicken, keep in mind fake, but also keep in mind this is from somebody across the street.
Steve White and Howard Davis at the ticket are pissed off at George Sedano because he's negotiating with WQM against them and may release him from his contract.
Waiting for confirmation from Joe Bell WQA's interest in George Sedano doing two to four shift on QM, rumors are the big O is going back to nights.
What does that mean going back to nights? When did they ever do nights?
I don't know.
He did five to seven a.m., which was good because everybody was sleeping.
Wow!
So, Horace and Otto, two to four, what do you think?
Okay.
And you said before that Joe Bell had lunch with him last week, you said that's what I heard.
You really did hear that?
I did.
From Joe Bell.
No.
From my sources.
I can't give up on the radio source.
Yeah.
Radio Spy.
Right.
Wow.
So, what the hell they got on the era with it?
They got no morning show.
He just three hours in the afternoon.
I mean, what the hell they got left?
Well, let's be honest, that whole station is a one show station anyway.
That's labarstered.
Right.
Love a turd.
A turd.
Wow.
Ricardo, aka Santana, the fake Jim DeFetus.
So sorry to email you twice in one day, but for the price of one admission, I got a whole section at the Marlins game today.
Well, good for you.
He's the one out there.
Him and about 30, man.
30 other goofballs.
It's tied up now, Tim.
True to.
Nobody cares.
They need a new stadium like a locking cup.
Sergeant Stretchypan says, this Saturday I went to Red Lobster for the first time at ages.
Well, I had a great meal.
I ordered rock lobster in steak and it tasted good.
It was no Morton's or Ruth Chris, but it was Epping Delightful.
And then I don't care what you say.
The cheese bread is Epping scrumptious.
Everything is Epping something.
So to all those naysayers, kiss our ass.
We will eat Red Lobster again.
Also, flea did a great, great for jumping in yesterday, but he's still a nat on Georgia's balls.
Wow.
How do you like?
How do you feel about being a nat on Georgia's balls anyway?
It's a little moist.
Oh, no.
And smelly.
Yeah.
390 votes on the pool.
We can make 400.
This is our second pool of the day.
And we did damn near a thousand and won the carrier war from yesterday.
That's pretty damn good.
That's because flea is here, the nat on Georgia's balls.
Next time you're looking to mirror, think to yourself, I am just a nat on Georgia.
Rodriguez's scrum.
Wow.
I'm going to delete that.
I think the Marlins are going to score two more runs here shortly.
Why do you say that?
Or maybe three.
Oh, no.
Let me turn back to the channel 468.
Oh, Florida 5 washed in two.
Whether ran on second and two out on the bottom of the fifth.
We love the Marlins.
Nobody goes.
Oh, there's the double of the game.
What the hell does that mean?
The double of the game?
Something you can sell.
And look at those 10 fans in the right field stands, getting up and cheering and yelling, oh boy, we're great.
You see that?
I'm not knocking them.
I mean, they at least made the effort to show up on the day when it's not a hundred degrees in the shade, et cetera, and so on.
So what was the score with two two?
Mm-hmm.
And now it's five to I don't want to be watching it because I'm going to start giving descriptions and then we'll all be of tourists.
You know, we'll be in big deep duty.
Yep.
Now my good close friend Jane and dear field.
Subject.
Air America.
W.I.N.C.
You know, this business where people are obsessed with Rachel man.
If you like her, fine.
I don't like her.
I don't like anything about her.
I think she's lame.
Anyway, Jane says I used to listen to NPR besides you exclusively until her broadcast started sounding like propaganda for the Bush administration.
When W.I.N.C. started carrying Air America, I was an avid listener, especially enjoying a program called Morning's Sedition, upon on Morning Edition on NPR.
It was hilarious and jabbed.
Neo cons, religion, all the crazy stuff that is America.
They were out of New York City and featured Mark Marone.
I can't read it.
And Mark Riley with Rachel Maddo doing the early news.
It was a real radio show.
Then Air America pulled a plug on it with no explanation.
But they kept crap like Jerry Springer and Al Franken and then brought on Randy and Tom Hartman.
You are right that Air America has a crappy business model.
But at least it's not the right wing glad that the council's talk radio.
As you know, I hate sports so I won't be listening W.I.N.C. anymore.
And either with anybody else.
Neither will anybody else.
Nicole Sandler was pretty good.
See, that's where you know she part company.
Yeah, no, she's bad.
She did cover a lot of local politics and that's what I think got her in trouble.
She criticized Debbie Wasserman, Schultz for not supporting Democrats against Iliana Rosanna Dana and the Diaz brothers.
Schultz said it would interfere with the relationship with those representatives as she got involved in the campaigns.
Right after that Sandler was fired.
Well, that must have been the reason you think.
Could have been.
Or maybe it's because she's stunk.
I don't know, I don't know who it is and I never heard her.
The best show ever is on IOD though on the weekends.
It's the Jesus show.
Oh, yeah, I've heard of it.
Oh, God.
Now Jane goes on to say this.
I know you disagree, but I think Rachel Maddo is a great journalist far better than Obermann.
Oh, no way.
Oh, my God, Jane, what have they done to you?
Just because she doesn't look like Sarah Palin is no reason to dismiss her.
Who would like her if she did look like Sarah Palin?
She looks like crap on two legs.
Hmm.
I hope this doesn't piss you off too much, but oh well, who cares? Love your Jane and Dear Field.
Well, love you too, Jane, but you're full of crap.
Yeah, how can you say she's better than Obermann?
She just bites Obermann's style.
All she is is just Obermann wannabe.
That's all she is.
Yep.
And you know, it uses a lot of his guests and a lot of the same.
You know, why watch her?
If you've watched Obermann, which I don't have much anymore now that the election is long over,
why would you have any reason to watch her?
Because it's basically like ditto, ditto, ditto, ditto.
You know, like that.
Mm-hmm.
Six degrees in sunny, a little bit of sun, not beautiful, but you know.
It's not so bad.
Forty-three is six.
Tomorrow in the eye, in forty-eight.
Wow.
Friday, eight, and Saturday, six.
At least no minuses in front of the numbers on there.
Do you have any idea how depressing that gets?
It's enough to make me cut off my little finger.
I think you.
No, I thought I had this thing licked.
I thought it was gone.
And then it comes back, you know.
And this time it's worse.
It looks like the skin is irritated.
Red roughened sore.
Remember him?
Oh, yeah.
Is he still there, PD Lenny?
He's still here.
Yeah, he's working for power now, though.
Yeah, I know.
Well, that's his new deal tomorrow.
That's his account.
To Berna Eros.
Rabbis visit to Fort Lauderdale home called Blessing and a Curse.
A vacant McMansion in Victoria Park has become a Jewish religion, religious attraction overnight.
Housing one of the holiest figures in the Jewish faith.
The grand rebe, Mishulam, Fais, Loey of Tush, or just rebe Tush, as in Kush, Maritalhust.
While devotees drove miles to spend a few moments with the elderly, the many of the spiritual
nut job and receive his blessing.
Some of the neighbors ran to the Internet to look up the Tush sect.
They begged City Hall for help complaining about late nights stomping and moaning, loud music, crowds, and cars.
Late nights stomping and moaning.
There's no doubt in our minds that the rabbis are a very spiritual man resident Larry Esker, who wrote to his commissioner,
but does he have to be spiritually so noisily?
Spiritual so noisily.
The clash came to a head this week.
City officials said no laws or codes are broken by the occasional spiritual meetings in the 6800 square foot home
on northeast 11th Avenue.
Houses of worship, but churches in a gut are allowed in four Lorde Nails residential neighborhoods.
But officials said this appears to be a home where a spiritual leader lives and his gatherings are like parties.
They're going to have a big satire there tonight.
They're going to be a lot of stomping and moaning.
They'll probably be moaning until the wee moaning.
What do you think?
I can only imagine.
It goes on. It's got a picture of him.
Oh my God.
On my worst day, my ass never looked that bad.
Oh, Neil Rogers.
Oh, I am.
It's day, oh, my heavy town.
At 5'6'0, WQA.
Now 5'60, WQA presents the QAM Road Group.
To reach deep on the rest of the crew, visiting hours are 12 to 3PM on Sunday.
For conjugal visits, 4 to 6PM on leap year.
Now, here's Deepo and the QAM Road Group.
I'm sorry I can't get to your calls right now.
I'm a little busy picking up this trash here and deciding to road.
You talking to Deepo?
Oh, just maintaining a little dignity here.
That's what everybody loves about you, Deepo.
Start looking busy.
Here comes the screw.
Hey, we ain't running a social club here.
Get back to white.
Get back to white.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let's start.
You're Mr. Candy wrap over here.
You took me?
What are you doing standing around for?
Oh, he's squaced.
Well, I am what you're talking about.
I guess not.
You like bits, don't you?
Sure do.
Wrap that hammer and break those rocks to bits.
That has.
Start breaking, start breaking.
Do Deepo.
Yeah.
Pick up that diaper.
It's got duty in it.
Yeah, but I did.
What?
What?
You know, it seems what we have here is a failure to come here.
Okay, I saw that too.
Listen up, Deepo.
Listen up.
Yesterday you may have been a big shot.
But today you're my bitch.
Now look at the road.
Okay.
Now look down the road.
See any cars coming?
No.
You're a big sports fan, right?
Well, you know, I...
Good.
Here.
Never pinks a car.
Okay.
Hurry.
Fast.
Fast.
Come on, fast.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Bye, bye, bye.
