The music expressed on the previous song we can't say that
Yes and colors and you're not a whole group
It's staffs, average classes for agencies
You can't say, record them
The biggest names of best
I'm a talented group, record them
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM
My Miami for Latter-day
You sure asked Joyce about that Wednesday
Can we say record them, Paul?
Oh, I didn't even ask what it was yet
No
Whatever the question is, the NGOM
Oh, the Neil Roger Show
To talk to Neil, WQAM
670560 in date and rowd
In other counties, called toll-free
877785 Neil
Or pound 560 on your AT&T
And Verizon wireless phones
The opinions expressed by Neil
His guests or his colors
Do not represent those of WQAM management
No!
No, no, no, no
The Neil Roger Show
No, 560 WQAM
Oh, you know it, D-A-Y-S-U-Z-K-S
Goodbye W-Bush
I gotta say it
This is my martial-tuture
Thanks for leaving us the legacy
Of your economy
The biggest bank heist in our history
The fleck will watch off of your hands
From place it's already retard
3000 dead by your incompetent 10,000
Small for your whimsical designer, Paul
We showed those girls our grip
That we're so stupid here
But now we knew to stay for eight years
If we had brains
We would have housed it
You and your Neil on-prem
And we shall cocks on you
With a chain of events someday
With justice served
That could you pass away
Like Larry Craig
Will tap dance on your grand-eye
Well, your president's having his final press conference
As we speak
Is it impossible for any president to be a united or not a developer
I hope the tone is different
For him that has been for me
I am disappointed by the tone in Washington D
In fact, don't wait another 10 days to do it now
Do it in the new world of favor
Another eight days, whatever it is
Do it right now
Just say goodbye, bye bye
We're packing up our old kit bag and getting out
Wouldn't that be good idea?
That'd be great
Let Obama in there right now
Let him get a head start
Get a lot of crap to deal with man
They're leaving him a big old mess
I mean, wow
Even my dogs that two of them combined never left me a mess like this
Ground riding issues
No child left behind, Medicare prescription
Oh yeah
He done it all right
Abu Gharram, including that
Brandon who's got, I guess, going to be our Bava Spire Report
Reporter
Okay?
Says I was watching Tony Cigarette last day
And the Humper sent a message to him
Saying it was sad to see him go
But make sure he doesn't get a radio show
Oh wouldn't that be something if Tony Cigarette
Followed in the footsteps of Jimmy Cifilis
And wound up with a morning radio show somewhere
Wow
And Bubba's idea of good radio today was ripping Bob and Tom
And their TV show was he doesn't have one
And playing with the mic features like reverb and stuff
Oh
So Brandon I guess is
He's relegated to the Bubba show in the morning
Well, he's the spy you know
He's our spy I see
Number I spy with Bill Cosby and Robert Culp
Yep, that was a good show
In fact back in those days, Streets of San Francisco
That was a pretty good show with Carl Maldon and Michael Vugga
Before we decided he was a sex symbol
Before we decided he had a manly penis
Those are the days
And of course the shows you hated because they were cops
Like cannon, right cannon, right
Now is it a generational thing?
I don't watch any of the network shows today
None, zero
Oh and speaking of TV
Nancy of Delray Beach
Informs me something I saw over the weekend myself
Seen it yesterday because I always
Every Sunday without fail I read little Tommy Jikas radio and TV questions
And answers you know the ones he makes up
And you think if you're going to make up a question
You'd know the answer but he got it wrong
Somebody allegedly asked him about Glenn Beck
And what happened to him in the audience
And he said oh he's on radio in this market
6.9 am on WIOD
And guess what Tommy?
That's Jimmy Sifiless you're confusing Glenn Drek with
Glenn Drek is on right now
He's on 9.0 in this spewing his
Lunatic right wing garbage
Nancy says yesterday was reading Tom Jikas column
And the viewer wrote and asked about Glenn Beck
Why isn't he on TV and radio anymore?
He said that Glenn will be on Fox News next week on Monday
He also said he's on WIOD at 6.9 am
I thought Jimmy Sifiless was on at that time
He is you're right Nancy you and I are right
And Tommy's got it wrong
But the Sun Sentinel don't care because they're like they got four pages they print
And all they do is put some crap in there
They don't care whether it's right or wrong
Just put some crap in there to make it look like it's still a real newspaper which it is not
Nancy says I listened to you all the time
Even I listened when George is on when you're not there
I saw two different movies one was Frost, Nixon was good
And 7 pounds with Will Smith was good
Keep up the good work guys from your fan Nancy Adele Ray Beach
Thanks Nancy
You see the one of those?
No
Will Smith I wouldn't watch it if you pay me by a millisecond
He just gives me the he be GB's
I don't know what it is about him I just bugs me
He's annoying
Oh you don't like anybody Neil
That's right
Here's the poll results from Friday
826 votes went an important event and we were really remiss
Somebody pointed out to me in the email but it's too late now because the poll is gone
He left off NPR
Oh well
Whoever set us that poll left off NPR
That was not a poll that we created
Who sent that?
Don't know
We don't know and probably just as well we don't find out
They left off NPR
When an important event happens in the world where you turn to get more information
Your favorite website 241 good second
You won't get very much truth from your TV set
I'll think of that right now
CNN 212 MSNBC 152
You get the MS from MSNBC
NBC 59 Fox 51
Oh my god
51 amateur comedians I guess
New York Times 29 ABC 27 CBS 23
The scum sentin' 11
Miami hero 8
CNBC 6
Wallsby journal 4
Palm Beach Post 3
And the Washington Post has got the big none
None zero
You won't get the truth of the Washington Post
What happened with newspapers?
People became more illiterate and they
It's a low priority
And you can go online for free and read anything you want
Read it on your phone
That's right
On your crackberry
Today's poll 505 votes on it
When President Obama starts up his new economic policy
What will the results be?
It'll take two years or more to write the economic shift 254
Or in deep due to what recovery 126
Things are going to be all right
In the year the economy moving in the right direction 91
What me worry 26
And everything is fine the media is overreacting 8
8 crazy people
Oh we're fine
That's right what recession what depression just because
Everybody's out of work and nobody's got any money
And nobody can get any credit and nobody can buy anything
And the automakers are going out of business
I mean and the banks are going bust
Everything's fine
Just bury your head deep in the sand like the typical
South Florida ostrich
Only 8 people did that
That's good like Joe Bell
He probably would do that
Oh everything's fine
Oh I'm sure you heard this story
Since we've been so Taco Bell intensively
About the couple that got married to Taco Bell
Got the email on it
Did you?
Yeah
I didn't read it though so you might as well read it to me
I mean I didn't delete it like it gives a rat's ass
What do you mean who gives a rat's ass?
I don't care about people getting married
Where they get married
This time is right there with all the discussion lately about taco smell
They'll run through
Water sky normal Illinois
That's the name of the town, normal Illinois
Wedding bells met the Mexican fast food chain Taco Bell for Paul and Cara Brooks
What kind of a name is that?
C-A-R-A-G-H-Q-R-A
Don't know
Customers inside the fast food restaurant continue to order tacos and burritos as the couple said Friday
In Orange Taco Bell booth at Exchange's Vow's
It's appropriate groom Paul Brooks said it's an offbeat relationship
Employees displayed hot sauce packets labeled with the words will you marry me
They decorated the restaurant with screamers and balloons
The bride wore a $15 hot pink dress and the entire wedding cost about $200
Several dozen guests look on as the couple's friend Ryan Green of normal
At Mr. the Vow's while wearing a t-shirt he was ordained online
He was an airsatz minister
He was a man of the cloth in his case the cloth being that t-shirt
This is the way to go there's no stress at the groom's mother Kathy Brooks
Cara Brooks 21 of Australia met Paul Brooks 30 on an internet dating website
They already had the same last name how do you like that handy
That is amazing Paul Brooks and Cara Brooks
Maybe they can name one of their kids babbling our art
The couple wrote back and forth and talked on the phone listen if it's good enough for all those other stupid names
The couple wrote back and forth and talked on the phone for nine months before Cara Brooks moved to the USA
We have the same brain just in two bodies Paul Brooks said we think I can virtually every manner
We have the same interest in viewpoints how boring
I mean what kind of emerges if he can't be at each other's throat all the time right George?
That's right
He proposed on New Year's Eve and because they like to spend time at the local taco bell they decided to get married there
I would never have expected my life working here there would be a wedding restaurant manager Carl Hamlow said
Keep the ham low Carl
So those of you people out there not can taco smell you can even get married there
You can do just about anything there you can probably take a good dump there right in that greasy low grade beef
Nobody would taste the difference right
I don't know why you people knocked taco smell when I talked about taco smell for a hundred years nobody complained nobody said
Oh gee how can you eat that your taste is so bad and I was just it's just another opportunity to rip me an ass
In my daughtering old age just let's attack Neil and George to when we can of course attack attack attack we must be part of the asses of evil
What was that thing about the ass at the end of Joe show there's something about let me ask you a question or something like that with Tony soprano
Okay, yeah, okay, okay
Okay
What was that all about I don't know how did orphans do this weekend didn't lose
Patriots didn't lose it often's in lose make believes lost again. They just suck. Oh God there an embarrassment and I noticed by losing the flyers
That pushed them a point ahead the flyers of the arranges ranges rangers ranger sliding man like a
Like a big snowdrift like an avalanche. Oh, that's right there in another time the avalanche
George is a big Colorado avalanche fan and the panthers went nuts the other day eight goals five in the third period they meet up on Atlanta eight to four
Tons of empty seats Panthers are hotter and hell man. They're only I think one point out of a playoff spot right now behind Buffalo
And nobody goes same old story
They had a lot of kids get in probably they paid them to come in
But it's a lost lost cause man
We love the panthers. Let's throw some rats. You know that was that was the one deal and after that wow
We don't care anymore. What's what's new now? Which bandwagon can we jump in now?
Who can we root for now that that's my favorite who can we root for now?
That's a real fan
The son of shine and man. It's just beauty
Good you nice here to it is and it's gonna be all the way up to minus three today
Late late in the week. It's gonna be if cash turnovers taking notes boy. You want to take some notes on this
The high not the low but the high on Thursday is gonna be the high Wednesday minus 14 and the high on Thursday under sunny skies minus 15
That's gonna be the high
Now what what are those translate to what's minus 15 Celsius?
Got to be a low zero
Fahrenheit
Close no, it's like a three or four. No three or four toast the a
Toasty let's go out and roast some marshmallows on the street corner. Maybe five. Let's have a weenie roast on the corner
I noticed that in the winter time when it gets like freezing cold and there's snow on the ground
Which is a little bit now that all those streetcourt the the street meet vendors kind of disappear. Oh well
They go inside because most of them here are like from some part of Latin America
I don't know where they're from maybe Cuba. I don't think so. I don't know about it. What why do you doubt it? I just never heard of that
You never heard of what a bunch of Cubans up in Toronto
Hear about them in you know like New York New Jersey
Illinois ebore city. Yeah, Peoria, North Carolina
Canada when the York loaded with Cubanos
Well, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna let you finish the show. I'm gonna take the street mic out there. Yeah
Street mic looking for a street meet and see if we can find some Cubans on the streets of Toronto
Friday night is in the White House doing all this presidential
Bill
He's there in the oval office though is not sure what an oval is
Practice in his speech that he's been working on for weeks should be a breeze
But it's not for a man who thinks that if you're from around your ear and ears
Saturday he's still no smarter things what's in the center central
You could say his brain is useless kind of like the Chinese clogged up ventricles
Now he goes to give the speech with words his vocab cannot reach he looks afraid
But he won't tell you how he feels instead he'll talk about some bad mistakes still me
He can't spell he can't cry now
He can't speak so what he says always in doubt
Don't ever crew
That means we got a big heavy duty schedule coming up for today.
We got the big O at the East West Shrine Game 2 to 4.
The East West Shrine Game, my ass.
Good God.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
Jim Mann, which 4 to 7, 7 away we got dolphins tonight where the world comes to a halt
when that hour comes on.
Everything comes to a halt so everybody can turn off the station.
People like gouge the, especially on their car radio.
They gouge the speakers with their teeth when that thing comes on.
7 to 8, dolphin tonight, timely.
8 to 11 in the D. A. Show trying to follow that, which he can't do, especially with a signal
which nobody can hear more than like one block from the tower.
Barry Jackass is with us today.
Being the usual Jackass that he's well known for being tuned in late, he says, what did
you think of the games this weekend?
Not much.
Very disappointed seeing the Tennessee take a dump to the Ravens.
Although I was pleased to see the Eagles beat the Giants because anytime an EW team loses,
it's got to be a great day.
Oh yeah.
Giants.
Giants.
They suck.
And Eli Manning, the real Eli Manning's coming to the forefront now.
How do you grade Jim Nance and Phil Simms call yesterday?
The same as always, pathetic.
He says, I give them an A-.
Dennis, do you still have an aversion to Phil's home spun delivery?
Oh my, home spun.
Yeah, watch number 85, 85.
Keep an eye on 85 on the sideline.
He is nauseating.
Drueling Yehu Phil Simms is home spun delivery.
Barry, you're just an ass-licker.
That's all you've ever been.
That's all you ever will be.
And of course, would you expect a real sports writer to be a calmness writing something
in a hero?
Never.
Never.
Never.
As Michael would say, never.
Is nobody said?
Yes, never.
Don't ever take sides against Barry Jackass again.
Never.
Never.
Here's one that says, Neil speaking of that marriage, a taco of smell brings up the
point that you should have a QAM appearance at the Taco Bell across the street from the
station.
Well, I would be fine if there was a Taco Bell across from the station.
Is there?
No.
It's down the road of peace.
Down the road where?
Down the under, like, a hundred and ninety-first or something like that?
Well, that's not across the street from the state.
It's not.
Also on the same side of the street if you want to be technical.
Yeah, that's right.
You better get your geography straight, Mr. Hachat, the emailer.
NeilatNeilRages.com, by the way, for all your very important emails, like this one.
You should have an appearance at Taco Bell.
Oh, here's some very important spy news from in town.
Brady Quinn, quarterback for the NFL's Cleveland Browns, was spotted dining with a group of 12
friends in the private dining room at the red at Red the Steakhouse in Miami Beach last weekend.
What kind of name is that for a joint?
Red the Steakhouse?
Never heard of it.
Never heard of it?
Nope.
Red the Steakhouse.
According to a spy, ladies at the bar kept walking past his table trying to get his attention.
One group of coolers kept trying to sneak in the glassed-off room, but his security intercepted
them at the door.
Hey, all you ladies can walk by and you won't hear him going to pay any attention.
Hey, Brady, you're fairy.
Yeah.
They kept walking by trying to get his attention.
Trying to take a look at his manhood, you know, at his manly, manly thing.
Hey, Brady, can we have you see your junk?
You.
Phil Arks says, I know you don't approve of Joe Bell's handling of the station and it's understandable.
Phil who's a radio critic in Maven.
I was driving around all day Friday in the weekend.
Normally, I only listened to your show, nothing else in 560.
Oh my God, I see the light now.
It's not just for the show.
Please start sitting there, heard with that inseparable Joe Rose and the big, oh, who don't have a clue about anything but football?
And even that is questionable.
Man has started out as the forest football expert guest in WIOD.
How could he now be the sports guru?
I know you like him, but let's get serious, Joe Bell.
You moron.
The beast and the other children you employed during the weekend are all up Dona Shalalee's wrinkled ass to get you to the show.
You have a U.M. asset, so to speak.
You complain about 560 being solely a sports station and not having anything to talk about.
I think it's not even a sports station.
It fails at that, says Phil.
It tries to be the football station and fails at that as well.
Well, he isn't aware that it's Joe Bell's Wall of Football that he's listening to.
He says, Joe Bell, you suck.
I'll tune to this number until you're gone one way or another.
Oh, wouldn't that be something New Year's resolution?
Or is that a New Year's wish?
Mm-hmm.
Before the end of this year, Joe Bell hits the door for the last time.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
In fact, maybe in eight days when Bush leaves, he can leave too, since he's a big Bush fan.
I share your views about radio and about good radio, but not about our president.
But bap bap bap, yeah.
Oh, I'll never forget that email as long as I live.
Then I knew we were dealing with a real Dolt.
A Dolt, a Dullard, a Knitwitt, a Goofball.
Dear Mr. Neal, says Lord Malik is a foist or something, some phony silly name.
I'm the one who emailed George with a link about the religious public access.
Host cannot hang up the phone after being asked if Jesus was gay and the A-hole link too.
That was good.
We put it on our thing.
Yes it was.
I thought you might get a kick out of that one last one, but I said it to George because I knew you don't click on links.
It's cool.
Thank you for posting it on your Near Rogers show website.
That I did not expect.
Hmm.
This I do not forgive.
Also, I sent you a Myspace comment that if you had 10 minutes to watch both clips, you would laugh.
In addition, I'm not a chronic but occasional listen to your show because I like the bedtime stories mostly.
I've listened to you since your IOD days and it effing pisses me off with the management of QM is doing your show.
Then I occasionally entertain the thought of writing them an I-rate letter, but they wouldn't care what a listener living in Massachusetts has to say anyway.
Lastly, before the email gets to be too long, I'd like to say I'm sorry if you and I got off on the wrong foot because of my name.
The only thing you and I share in common is our politics and being gay.
Gay.
But we are not all stalkers and chronics who care not about the quality of the a-Near Rogers show.
Whatever.
Whatever he's saying.
Whatever silly name that is.
But thanks very much for that.
YouTube.
Whatever that thing was.
What was it?
It was you.
Yeah, the tube.
What a video.
Oh.
Of that guy trying to hang up on the crank collar.
Oh, yeah, the guy the Christian guy trying to hang up the phone red shirt.
Fag it.
I beg your pardon?
Well, I don't know what kind of shirt you're wearing today, but that's what I was wearing.
White t-shirt.
White pink sport coat.
What shirt it, baggy.
And a pink carnation with Marty Robbins.
So what's the name of that red, a restaurant red the steak house?
I never.
What kind of a name is that?
Like pink the waffle house.
Purple the pasta place.
I do a guy named shoe the dinosaur.
They'll play with each other.
Leaked in the street.
Bill on Canine Records.
It's that mixed-kins you out from the Taco Bell commercials singing like you've never heard him before.
Which of course you haven't heard him sing like this before because this is the first time he's ever sung.
Today's hot hits.
Licking my butt and taking a nap.
Oh, this weed is game.
The Taco Bell dog sings today's hot hits.
Gives you all the big hit you love.
Sung by a little dog you can put up with most of the time.
I like to bark.
So here I go again.
I'm going to bark until the neighbors call.
I like to bark.
So here I go again.
I'm going to drive you up the wall.
That little Taco Bell dog has many modes and you'll hear him express them all right here.
Walking time starts about the time that my bladder can't hold anymore.
We are going to be walking time to better find the leash before I cut those right on your floor.
Oh, I can't hold myself the whole day long.
That is why your car is so strong.
Oh, your kid will take a pee.
But Taco Bell dog sings today's hot hits.
It's guaranteed to be hotter than that last big beef burrito you ordered at the drive-through.
Oh man, enough to make me take a hot Schmidt.
1033 at 560 WQ.
I've got some deaths, some celebrity deaths to pass along.
All right, it's my bad.
Usually we start with that and get out of the way.
So do you pressing.
Although sooner or later, Don calendar died.
Okay.
No response.
You know who that is?
No.
Don calendar who turned his mom's pie shop into the Marie Calder's chain dies at 81.
It's got a picture of him in 1986 holding a big strawberry pie.
Oh, it looks really good too.
And there's a whole bunch of them sitting there too, but he's holding one.
Don calendar and entrepreneur sold the pies that his mother baked helped making a Marie Calder a household name.
died Wednesday at Hogue Memorial Hospital Presbyterian in Newport Beach.
He was 81 and lived in Corona Del Maran Indian Wells.
He died from injuries.
He suffered an fall in 2007.
His wife Katie said Saturday.
So many people take a bad fall and then they croak.
You notice that?
Yep.
I have a good idea.
Take a fall.
Speaking of that, we got the ratings coming out on Fridays speaking to take a fall to fall book.
The dolphin book.
You think that's going to help?
No.
They put all their eggs in that one basket and Joe is a wall of football.
You know?
Marie and her husband Cal sold a family car for $700 in 1948 to set up a wholesale bakery and a converted
quance of hut in Long Beach.
And Marie worked there at all hours producing pies that Cal and Don sold the restaurants.
The role in a three of us, there were no machines, Marais, an interview for the 86 LA Times story about her.
We had three rolling pins in this old oven and we used to work all night.
How do you like that?
Three rolling pins in an old oven.
They made money, but not a lot in 16 years later when they were breaking several thousand fruit and cream pies today.
Don Calder persuaded his parents to open their own restaurant.
I don't know if I ever had a Marie Calder pie.
Did you?
That's what I could recall.
I had those mother humber pies from Lenny's.
Those weren't bad.
Those like chocolate cream pies and banana cream pies.
The first Marie Calder's pie shop serving pie and coffee opened in orange in 1964 with an oven in the window so customers could see their pastries being made.
A few years later, Don Calder, who oversaw the business, added soup and sandwiches to the menu to open more restaurants.
He continued to expand by the time he sold the company in 86 to Ramada, Inc. for reported 80 million bucks.
The chain had grown to 12 nations and locations nationwide.
Marie Calder restaurants in our subsidiary of Castle, something.
Calder stayed on for a while.
By the way, Wayne Arles is open.
Wayne Arles is back open again after that fire that had him close for a long, long time.
And now he's back open with those neatly burgers and good stuff.
Don't be mealy.
Get a nealy.
Calder stayed on for a while as company executive and franchiser.
Franchise, who could often be found cooking in the Newport Beach Marie Calder's, but eventually broke with Ramada.
He became an avid pilot, always looking for the next business opportunity.
To need launch the Babes Barbecue Grill Chain in Rancho Morage in 2002, never heard of it.
Never heard of it.
Did you, Babes Barbecue Grill?
Nope.
Marie Calder died in 1995, 11 years after Cal.
And now Don Calder is dead.
He was 81 after a bad fall.
Took a spill, baby.
There's a lesson for all you people out there.
Don't spill it.
Actor Don Calder was dead.
Now you probably don't know right off who that is.
But if you google him and look at his picture, you'll know immediately you'll recognize him right away.
He was an ironside.
Oh, that guy.
Now you know who it is.
You never watched our inside.
It's a cop show.
Listen, I don't know who.
I don't dislike cop shows because I didn't try to watch them.
I dislike them because I watched all of them and they are all the same and they all suck.
That's bad.
Even Perry Mason?
Lawyer shows the same difference.
Even Cannon?
He got fat Frank Cannon?
Especially Cannon.
Boy, that made a lot of sense.
Oh my god.
Anybody who could knock him.
Is there a communist?
I can knock him over with the feather.
He's best known as Detective Sergeant Ed Brown from the TV series Ironside.
Also appeared in such films as The Big Chill and The Rare Breed.
Don Galway, an actor best known for portraying a detective on the TV series Ironside,
who later became a law enforcement officer offscreen, has died.
He was 71.
I didn't know that.
He became a law enforcement officer offscreen.
Galway died Thursday at renowned regional medical center in Reno after having a stroke.
Said his daughter Jennifer.
He lived in Reno for about a year.
Boy, this goes on forever.
This will take us to 11 o'clock tonight this old bit.
Now, did you Google him yet?
Or you're too lazy to do it?
I'm too lazy to do it.
Now, come on.
Don Grady, what's the name?
No, not Don Grady.
If he dies, I'd have to take the day off.
Don Galway, like Galway Road.
On the NBC drama Galway played Detective Sergeant Ed Brown, the primary sidekick of Raymond Burr's
Ironside character from 67 to 75.
Oh, that guy.
You saw him?
Yes, he knew.
Now, everybody knows him.
As research for the role, Galway hung out with LAPD officers and often found himself wondering
what it would be like to actually be a peace officer, he later said, well, what's a peace officer?
Not police, but peace.
Yeah, same thing.
That officer who gets a peace every now and then?
Yeah, an officer of the...
Oh, in 93, he became reserved deputy for the San Bernardino County Sheriff Department.
He left about a year later when he retired from showbizness, along with his agent, and they embarked on a lengthy cruise on a private yacht with their families.
Huh.
On his handful of big screen roles, Galway once said he most enjoyed playing the unsupertivated husband of Joe Beth Williams character in the big chill.
Although his screen time is brief, he delivers a pithy comment regarding how unimpressive he finds his wife's college friends.
Pithy, can we say that?
Be sure to ask Joyce on Wednesday.
If we can say Pith.
After debuting on TV in 1962 in the CBS soap opera The Secret Storm, he appeared in about 70 TV and Film Projects in his 30-year-plus career.
He starred in the mid-60s NBC sitcom Tom Dick and Mary, and appeared in the 66 film The Rare Breed, which featured Jimmy Stewart.
Donald Poe Galway was born in July 27, 1937.
I wonder if he was involved in that great restaurant, Poe Folks, did he like the Red Super, the White Soup?
Well, you talk about Red Necks. That's exactly where you find a guy like Phil Sims in Poe Folks.
Do you remember eat there? Are they still around?
No.
I don't know if they're still around, but I've never eaten in one.
Oh, I did.
Real down-home of folksy Red Necky, Yahoo, stuff.
You want the Red Super, the White Soup?
I mean, I'm out of eating. They're not remembered, but certainly would have been right up my alley.
Would have come right out, right out your alley.
Fast.
Real fast.
You don't have this real Roger.
David's a bitch.
Game comes and comes again.
Wishes come and comes again.
Game comes and comes again.
Go some heat run.
Drop the bomb.
I'm in it.
Go some and comes again.
He called when the cater's gonna be loud.
We'll help him blow your up.
He is happy to see you.
The ring is the street.
Game comes and comes again.
Say it, I say it low.
But then he'll come and say it again.
1045 at 560 WDQM.
Happy January the 12th to you.
Eight more days in ill president.
They goes, bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Oh, hallelujah.
Oh, happy day.
Let's play the Edwin Hawkins Singers next Monday.
Wanna?
All right.
And oh, happy not now.
Okay.
I'll get it ready.
Crank it up.
Oh, happy day.
585 votes.
I'm gonna change the poll in a couple minutes.
I don't like this one.
Do you like this poll?
Eh.
No.
Pretty lame.
When President Obama starts up his new economic policy,
what all the results be?
I mean, how do we know?
Right.
Like ask for like some speculation here on our part.
It'll take two years or more to write the economic shift 289.
We're in deep due to what recovery 144.
Things are gonna be all right in the year.
In the year the economy moving in the right direction 110.
First of all, it takes two damn long to read these choices.
What me worry 29?
Oh, we're fine.
And everything is fine.
The media is overreacting 13 goofballs, 13 silly people.
It's not a good poll.
Whoever sent it, it sucks.
And the choices suck.
The question's not so bad, but the choices blow.
Just absolutely blows.
Here's one from Wyson Lakeland.
Remember him?
Yep.
Who says, get me out of this place, by the way.
Well, I tell you, when you're in Lakeland,
you know you're in a place much worse than South Florida.
Much worse, Lakeland.
What a...
Yeah.
In fact, Phil Simms, he belongs in Lakeland.
I'm a sideline.
Watch number 85.
Oh, God, is he nauseating?
And I think he goes out of his way to do that.
Do you think anybody really speaks like that?
I don't know.
Like, River, like, just speaks in cliches, people like that.
No, no, not in cliches, but within an affectation like that.
Not in cliches.
I've known people.
I know new a D.J.
Well, what cliches did Rimmer use?
Oh, everything.
Everything out of his mouth was a freaking cliches.
Was it?
Yeah.
Like what?
Like, oh, that kid really captured the imagination of the other fans here.
You know, this is what he was talking to you like.
My favorite was that.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
That one.
Oh, I...
What the hell?
Oh, a scintillating save.
I think he was trying to imitate Danny Galleroy and with a...
a cannonating drive or whatever the hell it was.
A scintillating save.
Don't start knocking Rimmer, okay?
It hasn't bugged me in a long time and let's keep it that way.
Okay.
Start talking about him.
One of his South Florida cronies will call.
Oh, Neil was talking about you today.
I'm sure he wants to hear from you.
Oh, oh, oh.
Wes says I wrote you last week about listening to WQM's audio stream on iPhone.
If any of your listeners or you care, the iPhone application about five bucks is called
Wonder Radio from the Weather Underground people.
WQM is now number one of my iPhone Wonder Radio favorites list,
but I must admit I don't listen to other than 10 to 2.
That other stuff, eh, eh.
This beats power walking to Alex Bennett.
Good show says Wes and Lakeland.
Well, thanks Wes.
I wonder wonder who...
Do you ever hear the Wonder Radio?
No.
What you did now?
I wonder who's going to spend money to get one.
Fake Larry Kingses, I'm starting to warm up to Phil Sims.
He's the second coming of Merlin Olson.
Oh, God.
He's a bit pasty, though.
Hope you talk about food today.
I'm starving.
Went to Bob Evans for breakfast.
It was okay, but gave me the schmitz.
Oh, everybody run for cover.
Larry's bags are were flowing again.
Right, Larry?
Oh, God.
I think he'll die this year.
Oh, that's hot.
Larry King.
You're hoping?
I didn't say I hope.
I said I think.
I'm hoping.
I think he'll croak in a 2009.
Maybe right on the ear.
Oh, that's always taped, though.
I'm sure of that.
It says Brady Quinn was also with Casa Casuarena, formerly the Versace Mansion on New Year's.
Versace Mansion is a restaurant now.
Okay.
Red the steakhouse is the best steakhouse in Cleveland.
They just opened a South Beach branch.
You can Google it.
What a loser Brady is, though, for just going to what he's familiar with from Cleveland instead of trying something new.
How do you like that?
Even not going to pour guy for going to the restaurant.
It's like me.
I like Ruth Chris just fine.
And we got a really great one here.
And so I go to what every now and then.
And I love it.
Sometimes going to a place that you're familiar with that you know is going to be sensational.
It's better than trying something new and finding out.
It's like like that, you know?
Right?
Everybody's knocking everybody's taste.
Oh, geez.
What a loser he is for going here.
Well, what makes it if it's such a great place?
Why would he be a loser?
I think this email is just jealous that he can afford to go there.
And also jealous because he's gay.
Not interested in him.
Here's one from Bill who says,
Neil, the games are so much better with the volume turned off with that Yahoo feel Sims.
Oh, keep your eye on 85, 85.
And he's over on the sideline right now.
Not too much time left in the quarter.
Oh, God.
Nobody speaks like that.
I'm sorry, even the worst of the a who's in like on the Mexican Texas border.
Don't speak like that.
I need their side of the border.
And what is it with the Latin Americans in church?
What Catholicism?
The family slept the pocket of church yesterday, which we got quite a laugh from home.
But I mean, what is that all about?
The Latin Shakespeare really loved church.
Older ones, you know, the mom's mom types.
Oh, yeah, mom.
You got to drag your kids to church.
My mom would make us go to church even though she didn't.
Really?
Yeah.
It's a Latino thing.
Catholicism is a Latin thing, yes.
We'll tell that to the Romans.
They're they're they're they're under with.
They laugh at it.
It's had it.
They got over it.
You're the only Italians that are like big and that are like the Mafiosi because they think that they're going to get.
Get more business.
The fake Adam Kirschner and I'm sure it's the fake one because he says Taco Bell sucks.
Taco Viva was much better.
Even Taco Tico is better than the mongue Taco Bell.
Well, screw you fake Adam.
I know the real Adam wouldn't send me an email like this.
Woody.
No.
No chance in your pants.
Go play with some plants.
Dave says, hey, Neil, good news for you in the Gatornez.
It's about the Tim Tibo, yada.
We don't care about Tim Tibo.
I don't want any more emails about Tim Tibo.
I will immediately delete them.
I don't care.
In addition to which it says now the women around the country can drool at their TV set.
It's Tim E T. Darts, Taclas and Squares Touchdown.
He is his ugly is my ass.
Tim Tibo.
So this business about the women are going to well.
We saw that the girlfriend is with a big gigantic melons.
Wow.
So I think this guy's got a point.
Also, we're able to catch Tony Cigarette O'Sphere well this past Friday and NBC 6.
No, I'd have a hard time picking that up on my TV here.
Hank had some sweet things to say.
I'll be it with only half his face able to fit on the screen.
And he has he had another chin his fourth since our last sawman September.
Well, I had that famous lunch with Hank at the dinner, whatever it was.
It would buy a couple months ago and he didn't look like he had any extra.
He had the same number of chins he had before.
That's right.
Lastly, Sid the Irid was on for real serious show doing some serious sucking up to Scotty
and claiming to be a close friend of yours.
Scotty praised you and said you'd be a perfect fit for serious and plans on talking with Tim Sabian
and the sternmeister himself about inking you to a deal.
Oh, yeah.
Here we go.
They just won't let that stuff die, will they?
Are you aware of this?
Perhaps Norma is.
No, Norma is not.
Neither am I.
Neither is anybody else.
Anyway, have a healthy prosperous 2009 says Dave.
Just they just won't stop until they finally shut that damn serious down altogether,
which is going to happen probably in a few months.
They just won't stop that crap.
Oh, they're interested in inking you inking you inking this.
God, ink rhymes with stink and pink and kink.
I'm changing the poll by the way.
Good.
611 votes on that one and I'm changing it right now.
Thank you, Eric, for being so on top of things.
And thanks to Charlie B. and Ray and a couple of other people for a whole bunch of polls lined up there.
My take on the Israeli Palestinian conflict is and here's a whole bunch of choices.
Of course, the choices are so much juvenile, but nevertheless.
The Israelis are a bunch of bullies.
Does that have anything to do with a Super Bowl?
What conflict?
Can't we all just get along people?
I hope they wipe each other off the map.
I'm glad I don't live in Gaza City.
I couldn't care less.
Obama will straighten it out and the Palestinians had it coming.
Those are your choices.
What's your take?
What's that guy to do with ball games?
That's what Joe Bell wants to know.
What's that guy to do with his wall of football?
Oh, you're going to up-check when you read this.
When I read it.
When you read it to me?
But I'm not going to do that.
It's too long.
Okay.
But here's one from Jay Rober.
You know who that is?
Yeah.
He's done cartoons for us in the past.
Right.
He's got the, he includes some.
He says, I need your help.
I do the cover for the WIOD inside or the last one.
I need a copy of that image.
Did he also send this to you?
Yeah, he requested it a long time ago.
I said I was looking for it.
I'm still looking for it.
I haven't found it yet.
I had the original artwork till somebody's still my portfolio.
I've learned since only copies in the portfolio.
Anyway, I'm finally building a website for myself.
And if I can find it, I'll put the cover in a prominent spot in my cartoon page.
My website is set in such.
Here's a cartoon of you.
I did an 89 when I was at the Art Institute of Four Lauderdale.
It's pretty good with my Stogie in my hand.
I've been listening to you ever since the summer of 87th.
Thanks.
And then there's also one of our favorite sheriff, Nick's,
Nick's dogs homemade coke.
If he's looking for one with his artwork on the cover, I don't have it, Jay.
I have one with Neal's, push on the cover and one with Randy on the cover.
But not his artwork.
Correct.
Sorry, Jay.
No can do.
But thank you.
That's a cute, the dry nurse, Sheriff Nick, squeezing some mouse turd on a weeny.
With those tight pants and that big, shapely ass.
Good work, Jay.
You have it at least a good guy.
We're going to let him down.
Well, that's George for you.
Now, if we had it, you'd be right on top of course.
I'd scan it, send it right to him.
No, Gary, those things are right now.
I remembered saving a couple of them, but they're buried in a box somewhere.
Yeah, buried in a box.
But I know it's like all of us will be someday buried in a box.
That's what the good Lord does for us all.
Some day will be laying in a box waiting for the worms to get in there.
Now, why do they talk about eating by the worms?
The worms don't get in a casket, can they?
Eventually.
They do?
They work their way into that wood.
Nothing lasts forever.
What if you're like an amosolium?
Okay, then they can't get to you.
They can't get to you.
Get buried in a amosolium if you don't want the worms to get into you.
Start digging and twisting and crawling.
I do want the worms to get into you.
You do?
I do.
I believe in recycling.
Well, that's one of the resided taco smell.
What biggest name?
The best talent.
You don't know Roger.
This is the Neoroncher show.
This is your brain.
Wow.
Any questions?
And now, here's another exciting offer from video treasure chest.
It's the last final episode of Captain Kangaroo.
Hi, boys and girls.
Your old friend, the captain, doesn't feel so good today because he was out late in the Mr. Dungin's last night.
Hi, Captain.
Shut up, Mollie.
What's the matter, Captain?
I've been wearing this stinking uniform for 30 years.
This is the thanks I get.
Canceled.
What am I supposed to be, anyway, a conductor?
Conductor, Kangaroo?
Oh, huh?
You're scaring me, Captain.
Oh, come here, Lucy.
Lucy, I'm a good guy.
I never even touched anybody.
Now, like that, Mr. Green jeans.
How many bunny rabbit puppets have we been through on this show?
No.
No.
Never wonder what happened to all those bunny rabbits, Lucy.
Oh, God, Captain.
And Lucy, Lucy, can be a midnight old friend, Mr. Electric Land Day.
The last final episode of Captain Kangaroo entitled, The Captain, has a bad day.
It can be yours for just 1995 in local video stores.
Video treasure chest.
We've got rooms in this crap.
Yes, so do we.
1101 at 560 WQAM.
Happy Monday to you.
God, I don't know.
Is it me?
Is I get older?
The weekends get shorter and shorter and shorter.
I don't know.
What's that all about?
I think it's a good one.
We can't seem like about five minutes to me now.
George.
Yeah.
Here's one that says, Neil, it's time to replace George with Paco.
George has gotten long in the tooth.
At least Paco can earn his keep.
Maybe that's why George is so jealous.
By the way, what are you going to do with Paco once you return and move back to Florida?
You can just, can't just send him to the pet city like your dogs.
Who says I'm moving back to Florida?
God, what a thought that is.
I'd rather put a bullet through my brain.
Oh, move back to Florida permanent.
Wow.
Can you, can you envision that?
No.
Here's one that's probably one of the most stupid emails we've ever gotten.
And that covers a lot of territory from Sam.
I've said it once and it bears repeating minorities are trouble.
Problem with minorities surprises that there are lesser numbers.
Say there are five people and of those five to our green and three are red.
Ordinarily, the red ones would be in charge and readily so there are more of them.
In our day and age, however, the green ones will start winding about victimization
and the red ones will quickly bend over to accommodate their nonsense.
Smiling is the minority population penetrates them in the baddie.
By doing so, the majority is denying everything they stand for and everything they're people of achieve.
And this goes on, I just, just a bunch of bigoted crap is what this is.
Sam, you idiot.
You fairy.
If you thought that one was bad, here's the one I was threatening you with before.
Okay.
I actually have got a few emails here.
Thank God.
Or last week, pretty slim and grim.
I guess it was the after all the holidays and the new year and all that stuff, all that crap.
Getting back to abnormal is that you think that's it? That's a good excuse.
No? Sure.
See, back in the day when Tubby was there, I could get him to get a baseball bat and give you a club.
And you know, but there's nobody in there now. Right.
Club him for what? Just clubbed a hell out of you just for the hell of it.
All right. Here.
This is from G Gold Bard. Remember him?
The street he ain't working and the archives and we're at that one.
Hey, Neil, I heard you were missing hearing from me after the archive mess was straightened out.
Now, I didn't say I was missing it.
I said it was interesting that after the problem got straightened out and he had no more nothing more to bitch about that we never heard again from you.
That's what I said.
Since I catch about 90% of every show over the many years, I thought it was interesting that you mentioned my name a few weeks ago and noted you hadn't heard from me.
I told you several times I was not a chronic and it were only right when there was a problem, etc.
What only right when there was a problem?
After you trashed me so badly and said you wished I were dead, I thought it better leave you alone for a while and let you move you on to abuse others, which of course you've done in spades.
Anyway, with the death of emails recently I figured I might well provide some grist for the mill and thus I'm contributing this letter about George.
George has really grown on me over the years. Initially I would never listen to his shows, but after a while I found that when you were gone he was really not a bad replacement.
I've quite a few things in common with him, i.e. a six-year-old kid even though I'm almost your age, a wife who's somewhat similar to his and older kid and some similar relationships with the cast of other relatives.
His worldview, adopted and learned mainly from prolonged exposure to you, is also very similar to mine for the same reason.
How does he know?
Why? Why have I my worldview? But anyway, go ahead.
All in all he's quite listenable to me now. I've actually grown to enjoy most of his shows and to empathize with his general plight, which brings me to my point.
Oh, thank God.
I don't know the... Wait till you get this. This is...
I'm not really as in my seat.
I don't know the actual amount of money George has paid, but I've deduced that it is wholly inadequate.
He has earned his stripes and deserves to make a lot more than he does.
Many other callers and writers have been admitted that they hear the tone of his voice and attitude, reflecting frustration and the seeding anger with his role.
This seems entirely justified.
The disparity in income between you and him is unfair and stupid. He's been loyal and productive for so long now that it seems he deserves a break.
He's living a life dominated by financial pressures while you waste your time in cash playing slots.
He should be pulling down at least 250 to 300,000 a year.
And if you don't realize this by now, then you're not as smart as... or why is that thought you were?
Now here comes the best part. More life instruction, alright?
In whatever time you have left, I hope you're coming to your senses and make some moves to ease his plight and set things right.
He well deserves to have more than lip service for his contribution to your longevity.
The world and radio is certainly not a fair place, but if you don't act yourself to correct this injustice, it'll reflect badly on your legacy forever.
Read this on the ear or not. I don't really care. The truth will always out no matter what.
I'm a lifetime fan and devotee of you in the show, nothing or no one has contributed more to my enjoyment over the many years. Good luck in 2009. Signed GG.
GG Gold Bard. Thanks, GG. Oh yeah.
The archives ain't working. We are getting a whole show.
Yeah, the disparity income between us is unfair and stupid.
Oh well. Yeah. It's like he's hinting around that I should like share my income with you.
I know that my income has been sliced. No, thanks. I've got a hundred different people to support.
Son of China, by the way, it's a beauty. It's going to be all the way up to minus three. And then later in the week, it's going to be quarter.
Then which is ass here? It's going to be nasty.
49 votes on the new poll. My take on the Israel Palestinian conflict is the Israelis are a bunch of bullies. Ten bullies seems like inadequate to me, but nevertheless, that's what the Charlie B came up with or whoever's pulled us is.
Can't we all just get along people nine? I hope they wipe each other off the map nine. I'm glad I don't live in Gaza City nine. The Palestinians had it coming eight.
Does that have anything to do with the Super Bowl five? What conflict to I couldn't care less to and Obama will straighten them out none.
No, I don't think nobody ain't never going to straighten them out. They've been busy killing each other for five, six thousand years. And it's like a hobby. You know, it's like part of life.
You love a few of us. We love a few back only the ones we love back are bigger and the kill a lot more people over nine. I would tell us.
Ten years. 13 to this rate is including three soldiers killed by so called friendly fire. Don't you love that term friendly fire? Yeah.
Oh, but at least it was a friendly bullet. Oh, but I don't feel so dead. Yeah. Friendly fire.
Here's one that says hello again, try to get all this sent to you before Friday show ended, but my Outlook Express program was not cooperating better late than never.
This is not the lengthy well thought up until Jan Humors and at least somewhat enlightening email. I promised you before, but this will have to please suffice for right now.
Anyway, don't believe you spied with your little eyes. The sports pages of the Sun sent them from this past Wednesday January 7th.
So I'll please fill you in with a bit of spy report as to what I read there. Okay. Now I usually no longer can afford to buy and read said newspaper Monday through Thursday, since they raised the price, but was stuck in jury duty on aforementioned day.
They want to go out in my freaking ever love and mind in the social abyss and morons that is out Florida. So I purchased Wednesday edition for edification.
Anyway, they appear to have a new at least to me feature called the hate oh meter. How apropos for this God forsaken market. The feature goes on to express that Michael Cunningham is the hater. Here's this guy to who and who should be hated on sports this week.
The Hater is shocked here, healthy perspective instead of calls to send Chad pennington back to the jets. Next you and fans will go a week without wanting somebody fired.
Also later in this somewhat amazing feature, the hater goes on to also lampoon joy, porter of the dolphins among other persons.
Well, just wanted to please share this little bit with you and say for now you and George are doing the greatest of work on your extremely humorous radio show slash program.
If I had a vote, I would never change a thing with you. Find folks with a banner and honest assessments. Keep up the great work. What is this say? I don't know.
He also goes on to rip anything from New York, the Rangers, the Devils, the obnoxious fans, yadda yadda yadda, Holly, Holly, Joe Bell, jolly, Joyce, et cetera.
Hey, Rangers, where's your large division lead now? He asks, I can't hear you all over the glorious chance of 1940. Oh, this is just a little bit too convoluted even for me.
You know what I mean? Even for someone like me who generally can weave my way through these webs of caca. Well, look at all the emails coming in here.
Nice cleanup job on the website homepage, not bitching about the old array, but looking forward to new stuff.
PS January 21st 2009, the end of an era, not era, the end of an era says W to B. Thanks W to B.
Oh, here's one that says you are very lucky.
That Sid Rosenberg really aspired to do morning drive and gave you a reprieve in this time period. Yeah, he's doing so good.
Or would you have finally been put out of work once and for all?
Sid is what's happening now and you represent what was happening 20 years ago. Why not just have George, Dougal dinosaur bone yard and get it over with time to hang it up old Faggot since Terry. Thanks, Terry.
And Sid still still sucks.
We till that book comes on on Friday, but she's going to kick ass his own.
My condanious is I find that turning off the volume on my radio really works when tuna to the current off and radio broadcast.
I can't wait to next year Rick Weaver in his current state still sounds better.
Did Hank leave that gig voluntarily whenever that was is my condanious. I don't know.
I don't know and I don't really remember or care.
The I roam or a sort of iPod for Internet radio is coming to the US in February could George find out more about that and tell the audience if QM will be on it.
The I roamer.
What?
The I roamer and iPod for Internet radio is coming in February. Check it out.
Before you get that big raise.
Sure. Also Phil Sims is from Louisville and I went to Eastern Kentucky. They do sound like that. Unfortunately says Paul and the queues.
Well, thanks for the bad news Paul. Good reason to stay out of Louisville.
This is cute. How about doing a Niels deal promotion to Taco Bell or Red Lobster every deal comes with a coupon from Pepco Vizmal.
They're obsessed. They're obsessed on you or or he and maybe the same person. You know what?
It could be that one person. Oh, I'm sure they're bug up there but about Taco Bell. I'm sure it is.
Okay, the deleted people continue sending crap and I just delete it the second time.
They got too much time on their hands.
The best time.
You know, Roger.
Live in Chicago.
Oprah. All right.
Wait to see you too, Oprah. Me and the rest of Santa Zell are real happy to be here.
Yeah. Good, good. Born in the wrong body.
Come again? For centuries, they were called her Malfordites.
What? People who possess parts of both male and female sex organs.
Are you talking about me? Yeah.
Decided to become a woman. No, I didn't.
Maybe a little feminine on the feminine side. No, I'm not.
Her Malfordite, you know, likes to dress up as a woman.
Oprah, I'm sure it. I'm an elf. I'm not a hermaphrodite.
I hear you. So genetically, you are male.
I'm a guy. I'm just short. That's all.
You never wanted to be with a man. No. I'm not gay either.
So do you or do you not have a genus?
Oprah, I'm an elf. I'm not gay.
Transexual, a hermaphrodite, or a peregrine. I'm just short.
For nogarthy has affected your sex life. Where are you getting this stuff from?
While high on crystal meth. Come on.
He had unprotected sex as many as 32. Her Malfordite?
You're pissing me up, blood ass.
Okay, 1118 at 560. She's got some fat issues again, Oprah.
Anybody interested? No. Except for those that shut in, how all those minions that shut in house wise.
And the trailer trash.
Al says, dear God, just one let you know that Mr. Rodriguez had an excellent show the day you were out playing hooky.
Wow.
It was a very insightful show detailing why radio blows not just in this market,
but all over the place as well as how to steal a car from the bank.
Normally I wouldn't bother listening to one of these shows, but you got to give credit where credit is due.
And George, you got the credit. Please pat him on the head for me.
Your buddy listening on my zoom.
Al.
P.S. that one show should let Joe Bell know why you deserve that car.
Well, here's Al. Maybe if Joe doesn't want to give you the car, maybe Al will buy one for it.
What's the latest on that, by the way, you got the...
I'm talking to Bob Eisenberg about talking to some people trying to get all of our connections together and see if we can get a discussion going.
So there's nothing to do with Joe Bell or Chris Jones or anything, but hopefully Joe Bell will allow it.
Robert Stampin, I'm sure he has to.
Yeah, but I haven't heard anything from Chris Jones.
Just the people that talk to us, the sales people that talk to us, there's three.
Three?
Slice, loan, dog, Eisenberg, who's ya and Duff?
Adam Osmak, oh, Adam is back.
Just when we thought Adam finally found a life, Adam, get that search party together.
I have no life.
Hey, Neil, I just watched the Godfather for the first time last night. I loved it.
I'm wondering if I should watch the second one or just enjoy it as if it were one movie.
Whatever happens, I'll never watch the third movie because I've heard it's a complete joke.
Keep doing what you're doing. You're the best in F. Joe Bell. It says Adam.
He'll never watch the third one. He's heard it's a complete joke. See, that pisses me off.
The third one is not up to the first and second ones, but it's you got to watch it. Am I right?
Do you want to agree? You won't agree.
I don't.
Well, you certainly got to watch the second one. Yes.
That's required. We require that you. Well, I mean, how could anybody reach this age and not see the Godfather? I just don't get it.
It's then again. I have no idea what to see one movie in your life. Your life.
That's the one. That's the one. No, Godfather.
Oh, got another orbit. John Hager.
John Hager.
He hall comedian and musician. Oh, yeah.
And another one. Joe Hirsch. Horse racing.
Come. Anyway, first to John Hager. 6070 performed a musical comedy duo. The Hager twins on the TV show He Hall was found dead in his National apartment Friday. He apparently died in the sleep.
Hey, Ribbon and poor health and depressants. The death of his identical twin brother in May 2008.
The twins were an original cast of the show with the view in 1969 satirizing country with the mixture of music and comedy. Both were guitarist and drummers.
The Hagers left the program in the mid 80s, continued to perform together. The twins were born in the Chicago area and served in the army together.
They said in 19 years that they had been together all their lives except for three and a half years after John left LA and moved to Nashville.
Joe Hirsch is dead. He was 80 long time comments for the daily racing form known as the Dean of American Turf riders. He died Friday at St. Luke's Roosevelt Hospital Center in New York.
A lifelong resident of New York, Hirsch had Parkinson's disease was recovering from a broken hip suffered in a fall last spring. See what I'm saying? You fall down. You're going to be dead pretty soon. Don't fall.
Watch where you're walking. Okay. Put on some of those things on your shoes like dirt sent me. He'll belt the greatest of the feats for your feats. Hirsch's career span more than 50 years. He chronicled the road to Kentucky Derby with his detailed reports called Derby doings on preparations in Florida, California, Kentucky in New York. He retired in 2003.
He was also known for helping new racing riders learn the sport was the first president of the National Turf riders association in 1959.
A general sports fan Hirsch was famous for being Joe namens roommate for three years in the 60s when the star quarterback played to the New York Jets.
When the new press box at Churchill Downs in Kentucky was completed in 2005, it was named the Joe Hirsch Media Center in 1994. The Thurbera Club of America honored him for his distinguished service, service to horse racing.
How do you like that Joe Joe Hirsch's dead. Sonny Hirsch dead. Amal Hirsch still alive. Yeah. I don't see any of the while I haven't seen what a whole bunch of movies has been lately. I finally saw that speed race.
Yeah. Oh my god. What a slow, boring terminal waste of time for something that's supposed to be an action movie. Eventually there's a little bit of action in the beginning a little bit at the end with a whole lot of nothing going on.
I think he was getting more action than the other flick with the neighborhood, the mudge boy. No, not the mudge boy. The movie that I like, which one's that imaginary hero that one. Yeah, well, everybody was getting some action in that one. Yeah.
Except what's your name mom? Mom, remember mom had a thing with the neighbor. Oh, that's right. That's how he was born. That's right. Well, that's how it works. Old in and out in and out in and out in and out. Here's one that says just came back from a cruise. Johnny Rockets are all on the large Royal Caribbean ships had a double in your honor. Says Mark and coven a creek. Thanks Mark. Oh, Johnny, effing Rockets, that and Royal Castle and.
Red blopster and what's the other one? Oh, yeah, taco smell. This is the new deal. Pick on Niels taste no matter what he likes. You think it sucks. This is the guy turned everybody on to Bokka burgers, turned everybody on to like a Ben and Jerry's fish food stuff like that.
Made these things legendary in South Florida. Oh, when you're tasted in your toss, you know, yeah, abuse the host. That's what the emails are all about. Keep them coming. Abuse the host. Do a good job.
Or here's another taco smell story. This one's grotesque. A Texas Taco Bell employee with a history of mental problems pulled out his only good eye and told authority. He ate it.
Andre Thomas 25 was arrested for the fatal stabbings of his estranged wife, their young son and her 13 month old daughter in March 2004. Their hearts had also been ripped out. He was convicted and condemned for the infant's death.
While in the Grayson County jail in Sherman, Thomas plucked out his right eye before his trial later in 2004. A judge subsequently ruled he was competent to stand trial.
A death row officer at the Polonsky unit of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice found Thomas's cell with hot sauce on his face and took him to the infirmary. Thomas said he pulled out his eye and subsequently ingested it.
Agency spokesman Jason Clarkson Friday. Thomas was treated at the East Texas Medical Center in Tyler after the December 9 incident. Then he was transferred and remains at the gesture unit. A prison psychiatric facility near Richmond, Southwest of Houston.
He will finally be able to receive the mental care health care. We wanted to invite for from day one Bobby Peterson Kate Thomas's trial attorney told the Sherman Harold Democrat he's insane and mentally ill. It's exactly the same reason he pulled out the last eye.
And his trial defense law is also argued he suffered from alcohol and Taco Bell addiction. Wow.
I never heard of this. I didn't know there was such a thing as Taco Bell addiction. You can get addicted to anything when you come right now.
Thomas does not have an execution date yet. The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals in October upheld his conviction and death sends for the death of 13 year old lay Emory Hughes also killed March 27 2000 wife for his wife.
2004 Laura Boren 20 and their son four year old Andre Lee. Thomas from Texoma walked into Sherman police department told this family.
The battery just murdered the three and had stabbed himself in the chest. He had problems. Thomas told police how he put his victims hearts in a burrito and left their apartment.
Took them to a Taco Bell and served to unsuspecting customers. Oh boy. We're all heart at Taco smell. You court documents describe the last three victims is having large gaping wounds to their chest.
And whoever sent this to me says at the end, drop the Chalupa in the old cliff and kennel. Drop the Chalupa. No, I'm hanging on to a drop of an email.
Some pervert unzipped his wife to get service by a guy standing in the bathroom. So he'll stick his junk right through the wall. You're very
glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory
go this much. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. C Nearly.
I wonder if glory holes really do have names, you think so?
If you drill one around town somewhere, be sure and give it a name like head westland in
the T-Rome and JC pennies.
Oh, and Bias Florida, who's busy sending me all the obituaries which I appreciate very
much, but evidently, he ventured out of his obit territory and wasn't listening.
It sends me the story, wedding bells meant for Taco Bell, Paul and Karab Brooks, the
story that I read over a while ago about the wedding at the Taco Bell in Illinois.
Thanks, Baz, but already been there done that.
Here's one from Miello Belly, who's got an appropriate name.
Now I see why you old people are always talking about how great things used to be and how
bad things are nowadays.
It's because you refuse to try anything new.
And on the rare occasion when you do actually try a new restaurant, even an average
one like Johnny Rockets, you can't stop talking about it.
Oh, I hate to break the news to you, yellow belly.
I've eaten at Johnny Rockets for a long time, including years ago at the one in Niagara Falls.
And before that, I can't remember somewhere.
It's just that when you find one like the one at the heart of rock, you enjoy it and you
treasure it and you will talk about it.
I like it.
It's not gourmet.
There anything wrong with Johnny, half in Rockets?
No, except that they don't serve booze there and except the ungrowing suck.
Really bad.
Oh, and also the cheese fries.
You know what they do with the cheese fries?
No, they take a regular order of fries.
They take a slice of American cheese, probably craft.
And they put it under the broiler and they melt the slice of cheese onto the fries.
Oh, my God.
That's not very good.
That doesn't sound right.
Not only is it not very good, it sucks.
It blows.
So they're not perfect.
They got some issues.
I do like their sandwiches though.
I wish they had soup.
I like the chili burger old fashioned restaurant like that, you know, like one of those
50s kind of joints should have soup.
Shouldn't I don't know.
They got meatless, a beanless chili, all me chili.
I haven't read that yet.
I don't want to like poop my pants at the hard rock.
That would be bad.
Although they do have a lovely tea room is all around the joint there.
Oh, yeah.
Poo burr.
I doesn't have the effort in here at all this time.
This is this is a first right it down.
Okay.
I can't understand people who hate this show.
Still listen email call.
If these butchered up queens don't like it, then stop calling.
Listening and email the show confused in Western.
P.S. still stuck in South Florida eight days to freedom.
Bye, bye.
W. Bye, W.
I fully we get rid of Joe Bell and Phil Sims on the same day January 20th would be a day
to remember forever.
God.
And here's the last one in my pile.
Boy, they sure it's helped better be a whole bunch more by the time this next break ends.
You know what?
Or you got two hours and 20 minutes.
Hey now.
Hey now.
Are you threatening me?
Just giving you a heads up.
All right.
125 votes on the new poll.
That's good.
Boy, that other one really sucked.
Roger says Neil, how is everything in Toronto?
A. Hope you're doing fine.
I made it to the third quarter of the game last night.
Like you said, just at the Dan Ball Oklahoma.
Had to go to Miami today on business.
Stop by Wayne Arnold's for six pack of burgers.
Glad to say they were as good as always.
Please to see him back up and running.
He seems like a good guy.
And he is.
From when he calls your show, he seems like a good guy.
Also, my son is friends with ponytail son.
They're both skateboard geeks.
Guess that's about it.
Just wanted to say hello.
And like Mo, I'll be listening.
Says Roger.
Thanks Roger.
Who.
Concerts with all of our friends and former friends from years past.
Remember those glory days?
Oh, yeah.
The solid days.
Yeah.
See, this guy that gave me the sarcastic crap that yellow bone or whatever's name is
about the old people talking about how things were better in the past.
And you want to know why that is because they were.
They were.
Can you imagine?
I mean, I know we've done it often and you get psychotic when I do it.
All the great restaurants that have gone and ever coming back just in South Florida.
And you could pick anywhere you've ever lived Detroit, Boston.
I'm sure in New York.
Anywhere you've ever lived and go and just pine on about the great restaurants.
They used to be there even great shopping places that are long gone.
Long gone, right?
Yep.
I bet you check a chicken egg.
Mrs. J.
Byron's who doesn't.
That was a schlock store.
If there ever was one, what about George March?
That was a great store.
What about Zairs?
That was a schlock store Jefferson.
Jefferson's was like kind of in between.
Uh huh.
It wasn't the low rent district, but it wasn't like up across either.
It was like in between, you know, for not total
slippers, but I mean, can you imagine buying your clothes at Jefferson's?
I mean, in my case, yeah, because you know my wardrobe.
Yeah, homeless.
What's wrong with looking homeless?
Nothing.
If you don't care what people think, right?
I don't care what people think.
I wear jeans and t-shirts.
You see how I dress?
Well, a lot of that.
Yeah, I guess exactly.
I designed like you can afford.
Right.
Like a schlepper.
That's me, but that's going to change.
Don't once that guy, Al or whatever's name gets you're a salary all straightened out.
Or no, that was G gold bar gold.
Only who promises he'll only write when he's got something to complain about.
What a novelty.
Not.
And to actually come out and say that, that's the best part to come right out and say it.
I only email when I have something to complain about.
Is that why we started the email so people can complain and bitch?
Oh, he is far as they're concerned yet.
Where?
Show me yours.
I'll show you mine.
Next, Don sees ban.
Nick Cheney's last official act as vice president.
The final dump.
Recall by the vice president's chief of staff David Adam.
Walking past his office, I get here with the grunts.
I felt I should ask Mr. Vice President, are you all right?
With his heart condition, I was concerned about him whining up like Elvis.
It sounded like he was passing one of the many children he's devoured.
I guess there's no harm in saying now that Dick Cheney's diet is of a cannibalistic nature.
Much like cannibalicke, he only would have preference for young children.
Mr. Vice President, please turn on the fan.
The genuine coverage of Dick Cheney's final dump will continue after this commemoration of the George W. Bush Portapatti Library.
He's always got that look on his post that he's got to take a gigantic nasty smelly down there.
Like maybe he's got the he could use a little help, little assistance.
153 votes on our second poll, not bad.
Each your heart out said the kid.
Friday the book comes out Friday morning at 10 o'clock, boy, it's going to be really, really bad.
Bad, not bad, but bad.
Probably. Yeah.
Can I do that bonus money yet?
Oh no, I counted it out.
I've discounted it.
Remember that song by Gary Lewis in the playboys? Count me in. No. Yeah, you do.
On Liberty Records. Count me in. You've played it. You got it.
You don't have to find it. I'm just asking you a question. I'm not asking you to play it.
You got it. Okay. I got it.
There it is. Good song too. Yes it is.
I wonder if he's speaking. You know, actually came back from Vietnam and didn't speak for like about one to use.
It was mom. Oh, that's not enough.
Okay, that's enough.
Oh, GT is back again after that convoluted email I read before. Oh, about the, um, Sun Sentinel thing. God, that made no sense at all.
Hello again, he says first I'd like to say please sincerely thank you for taking your precious time to read my email to you. Yeah, precious time. You should live so long.
I'm also sincerely very sorry you found my email to be convoluted. Oh, it was. It was all over the place and it didn't make any sense. It didn't say the same thing.
And I'm sure this one won't either. It was not my intention at all. I tried to jam pack as much information as as possible into a few sentences as such.
But also perhaps I was also a bit too verbose again. I apologize. Anyways, to distill it all down, there's a guy now in the Sun Sentinel calling himself the hater and he appears to have been hating on pennington porter and others and his feature is at least mildly amusing.
If I had my brothers, I'd put my vote for him to soon hate on those lousy maggot New York Rangers who've already slept out of first place. No division are falling like a tent on Boulder from the sky to the bottom of the Marianas trench and their obnoxious fans as well.
Anyway, hope all this clears up the mung and murkiness from before it's boring. It's ponderous. Do you find this at all interesting? No, I don't either.
Long time faithfulist or GT. Well, keep listing GT. Yeah, quitting mail. Because each email becomes more convoluted than the previous one. I just then make any sense. It doesn't say anything.
Except, oh, well, I apologize for this and I apologize for that and I'm convoluted and you don't say anything.
You put a lot of words on a page which kills him good time. So like I said, keep him coming. Thank you so much.
The fake Alice Rantell is here today. This is her second or third try. The other is more sniffing at.
My memory of the best hamburger in Miami was always the Ali burger from Lums. It was fantastic.
You know, all the times that I ate it, Lums, I don't remember having the Ali burger. Probably I did, but I ate it, Lums, many a time, especially when I worked at W snooze from 8 to midnight.
Yeah, not good for your fat working 8 to midnight, but it's bad because at midnight, then you want to go out with some of the people you work with and you know, go to wags or Lums or somewhere for late night snack.
Which turns into a gigantic meal and then you go to bed when you get home, lay there and all collecting your poop and just turns to instant processed fat.
But Alice says, the last Lums have faded away. Isn't there still a one on what isn't? I don't know, we keep going to the D.G. Road extension. I don't remember. Somebody will call.
I'm sure there's still that one on D.G. Road extension. I'm almost sure, but I'm out of touch.
Royal Castle is a trip. I remember it finally from my youth, little chopped onions, same style as crystal in the South and white castle in New York.
Royal Castle is like gourmet compared to crystal. God, but folks, Royal Castle is the original, Susalis. Definitely great all-time junk food champ.
I don't know. Royal Castle is very good. And of course, Wayne is dynamite. He's also got the Rochester White Hots and Red Hots too.
Notice how I'm doing kind of like a spot for Wayne? Yeah, that's right. Well, he probably can't afford to advertise at this point. So, and they probably wouldn't call on him anyway.
Jason from Plantation says, the blue plate at Hard Rock has some of the best old diner food next to lose seals in Western.
The blue plate at the Hard Rock. Where the hell is that? Is that like a separate place? Is it inside? Is it the food court? Is it like a separate joint like Johnny F. and Rockets?
I don't know. Well, somebody's going to have to give it, give us the low down, baby. Blue plate. What was the one in the Stardust in Vegas? There was a similar place.
I don't think I ever read the Stardust in Vegas. You didn't? I don't think so.
Stardust used to have the best damn slot machine. It was a, um, haywire. And I would always win on that machine. Always not not gigantic, but you know, couple hundred three hundred bucks.
And then one time we went in there and it was gone. They either moved it or they just, they threw it out. They threw it in the garbage.
They made an offer it could refuse and it just ran out the door.
Mario says, what's up, fellas? Hope you two had a good weekend. I had a fine weekend. One boat, who bucks it would buy? Lots and lots and lots and lots of money. Not enough to help out George, but lots of money.
Neil, don't let the winers and complainers cramp your style Taco Bell is good tasty food. Who says only pricey food can taste good?
Now according to the audience now, all of us and they're all gourmets. Everything has got to be like Mortons or Ruth Chris or they have to have their chef, but they all on or whatever, you know, it's got to be gourmet, right? Otherwise it's cramp. I guess so.
Keep holding that Chalupa Gordita and nachos Belgronday. I put quite a bit of stock in your recommendations and tend to avoid places you bash, but I defied your word when it came to the Olive Garden and had a pleasant experience.
Oh, I never had pasta in Italy so I can't compare all of garden to the best, but it will do for now. Oh my God. Olive Garden and Rome.
Also, I disagree with you on the cheesecake factory, yummy food and a very generous portions for all the gluttons. Yeah, big portions of crap.
And the desserts from hunger. I know about your antithesis, but just wanted to pass along the article I found listening all of Bush's failures. Check it out if you have a chance. No, I will not have several great days.
Neil and George, like Moses, I'm listening and won't stop. His myro. Thanks, myro. I guess the Olive Garden and Italy side by side. In fact, when I eat in my favorite top three and roll my thing, boy, I could be back home and join the olive garden.
Oh, now if you eat in there, have we discussed this only a million times, never been inside of one. Good. That's why you're still alive. Don't you remember the time that they sent food at IOD and the lettuce was brown and wilted?
Kind of like the diner that fat boy set up for a secure. Remember that? Yep. I think it was the same lettuce could event brown and wilted and not very shortly after that. They went out of business. The diner.
Unfortunately, the olive garden is still open. Oh, God, what a travesty that is. That's Italian. Not.
Here's one from another expert. Neil Fudruckers is much better than Johnny Rockets with their buttered buns. What happened all the Fudruckers in South Florida? No, it's not IE. That's what happened. They're gone.
And once they're gone, they ain't coming back. Is there anyone left over or not? Not that I don't plantation is long gone.
Too much butter on the buns, too many people crap in their brains out in their pantaloonies. That was the big. The food was great.
In addition to which is Fudruckers in any way, shape or form like Johnny Rockets? No. Is it a similar theme? Is it a similar? No? No.
No, it's a restaurant. I just don't understand these people. What are you people thinking about? The only thing they have in common is that they serve food. And they serve burgers.
I like Fudruckers for that squeeze cheese. Man. I liked all the toppings. It's fine, but the buttering the bun. Oh my god.
Reckon. Wow.
And you know how close I live. My house is down there to the Fudruckers in plantation. And yet it was always a real battle. Good thing I'd grab Corvettes.
Always a race to get home just in the nick of time. Before the old Fudrucker squirts came blowing down.
Mike says. I hope you had a great weekend by chance. Did you come across the story on Joe the Plumber reporting from Israel? Yeah, it's on our website. Mike.
There's two stories about Joe the Plumber, including the latest one where he says the media shouldn't be allowed to be there. He should be, but not the rest of the media.
Jesus, give me a break. How stupid is the American public? Ask Mike. Who is behind this guy? Who's financing him? Why is he in our lives? Ask John McCain that question.
I know you don't want to link. So if you're interested, you can find the story with photos of the meat head on so and so already on our website, Mike. But thanks anyway.
They don't read our website. They don't listen to the show like the one about the history. My stick to the funeral. So Kate Bonds stick to that. And people you do a great job.
But now he's trying to branch out. He's trying to be helpful. You know, and failing badly. Oh, look at all these emails. Holy cow. Very jackass.
Oh, and he sends me a link to the blue plate. Be well, I get to it. Here's one about Tim Tebow. I'm deleting before I even even have a chance to think about looking at it.
Here's one from Mario. Neil. I heard Royal Castle reopen. I just had a stop in last night. Oh my God. I had a six pack of nearly burgers order of hunting rings and large birch beard. It was better than what I remembered. I hope it never goes away again. Love you.
And George hope Chris is doing okay. Making about 30 set an hour. Have a great week for Mario and North Miami Beach. Thanks, Mario. The birch beer. I forgot about that. Remember the right school birch beer. You met him. Oh, here's one that says the blue plate. Jason from plantation. Thanks, Jason. So I don't have to go to a link like very jackass sent me to the blue plate is located down the corridor behind the hard rock cafe. Down the corridor. What does that mean?
The corridor that connects the hotel with the casino when there's all those things in between there. Restaurants and shops. I presume that the food court. No, not the food court. The restaurants and shops. Rudy says there's one in the route. I want to pay my hands, meaning a fudruckers.
But the bond. Oh, did you watch the golden gloves? I sure didn't. Nope. Thank God. Lums is on Davey Road South of 595. There used to be one Oakland Park full of art. East of 95. Many moons ago. This is Rob. Thank you Rob. Happy New Year to you too. Yeah, Lums is still there on Davey Road extension.
Where the army little cafe used to be in that neck of the woods. You know, Lums. Okay. Ever had an Ali burger and don't they don't they think they're they dip their I think they dip their
hot dogs in beer right? They don't even beer. Yes. They get their really good. This is pretty quick. Whenever I shave my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Maybe next time I'll just write some. As they go back, I'll have to scratch you. You fairy. 12-1 at 560 WDQM. Happy Monday to you as happy as the Monday can be. Boy, like I said, those weekends like that. Just like a frogs for it. That's how fast they go by. And then the week goes by real fast.
And it's the weekend again. You think, Oh, how do you it's the weekend? You know. Yep. And then it's Monday. And then you're dead. One day you're dead. Maybe that's not so bad after all. You know what? Maybe I'll give it a try. Oh, please, please. Uncle Neil die for us. Fall on your sword and die for us. I like to see Joe Bell fall on a sword. You know, all these food emails now. I guess the fake lyric King. Well, he got his way.
In fact, Larry's back. He says, I'm so hungry. I can pass out on the floor. I would love a patty-melt or a chair or an onion burger from Lucille's in Western. You ever hear that place before I never did before today?
Yeah.
Lucille's in Western. And I looked at that very Jack as link about the place in the hard rock. Yeah. And what a menu they got for me. I'm polishing. Now I'm dying.
Here's one about the best hamburger. It says you must try a burger and fries from place called five guys. Have you heard that? Nope.
Everything is cooked in peanut oil. Frank tries location throughout the US just open one in pompano. I'm sure you've also been to Jack's hamburger.
Is no, I have not never heard of Jack's hamburger. Did you? Nope. So guess what, Jay? No, we have not been there or heard of it or whatever.
Why? Why do people say that? I'm sure you've been to this number. Why do they say that? I don't know. They're wrong. They're wrong. They're wrong. I guess.
I assume you've been to Jack's burgers. No. How about a Jack burger with cheese?
Aras says there's a Fudruckers in the Westland Mall, which by the way they changed their name to Westfield Mall. Well, they're probably trying to remain anonymous because so many people came looking for the glory holes of the JC pennies in Westland.
So Westfield can like throws them a, throws them a loop. You think? Possibly. I wonder if Jimmy Cifalus has ever been in the tea room with JC pennies in Westland.
I'll ask. Huh? I'll ask him next time I say. Yeah. Next time you see Jimmy, didn't he come into the station since he does that all thing games in our station or does he is he not allowed because he was the mornings and I would not know that. Why not? I'm disconnected. Now do you see Fat Chris at all? No, you asked me that before. Well, I mean, today's another day. Correct. You might have run into him in the hall, but I didn't even wouldn't still be there. I doubt it. What? Why would he be hanging around for three hours or you know, two? You come in at a 30. Right?
So he'd be having to hang out for two and a half hours after his shift. Well, wouldn't it be worth it to see you and confedulate you know, pass along a lot of juicy rumors. We could see each other anytime we wanted to. What do you mean by that? Just like you and I, we could see each other anytime we wanted to. There's no need. But we don't write. And you don't. We happen to interact as often as we need to or want to. That's correct. That's exactly right.
Here's one that says we don't see mouth to mouth, but what's up with that idiot in the olive garden? I wouldn't feed that to my dog and the cheesecake factory. They serve hockey pucks for hamburgers and Taco Bell still sucks. Well, whatever you say, I got a solution for you. Don't go there.
If there's a restaurant you don't like, don't eat the food. Don't go there. If there's music, you don't like don't buy it. Don't listen to it. It's very simple. If there's a show you don't like including this one, don't listen to it.
And that is not a way for a happier life revolutionary as opposed to the dog barking at the moon.
Oh, barking and barking the same thing here. But they enjoy it. That's what life in South Florida is all about. Bitching and moaning and belly aching. That's why the show has been so popular for over 30 years.
It's the bitching and belly aching and moaning show. Here's one that says what do you think about Miami's own Mickey work winning gold and globe? You can still see him on Lincoln Road around town almost every night.
Well, whoopie do wow. Holy cow. First of all, I didn't know he won a gold and globe because I didn't watch that crap. I don't watch those award shows. To me, there's nothing more boring than a bunch of self serving.
Uh, hoidy, toyy, overdressed goofballs sitting around patting each other on the ass. Oh, you're so great. No, I'm so great. No, and then that's what those shows are all about. Isn't it?
Yep. And as far as Mickey work, anybody who's anybody who's interested in Mickey work, I have no life. That's your motto. I have no life. Oh my god. He still seem around town. Wow. When you go out of your way to go and say, like, Lincoln Road Mall, if you could see Mickey work there, I pay it.
Vision. And then that's the end of our emails with an hour and 54 minutes to go. So here's George. Hey, everybody.
I'm looking to see if I have any unfinished. Oh, here's Joe. The plumber hits Israel as journalist.
Send me the link on that. Send. In fact, send me the link on all the stories that we have on our website. Oh, Anita marks. Oh, boy.
Oh, this is great. These are some of my favorite. And even though you assume that every email is fake, yes, not from. I don't know.
Oh, blue plate is located between the rear bus center, Santa Casino. Also, there's a rear parking lot at the hard rock that's often empty during the week. It makes for a short, stress-free entrance into the building. Usually during events, it gets blocked off for executive VIPs. Any other time it's over to the public.
Thank you, Jay. How do you like that? Because the rest of the parking even on weekday mornings, when there's almost nobody inside for whatever reason, unless you want to valet there, which I don't mind doing, but it's a long slip. And they don't have any shuttle bus like to do a wood buy. Of course, they don't have the bad weather to contend with like we do here, but nevertheless, when you think with all the old parts that go in there, they'd have a shuttle bus to the parking lots. One would think it's a long slip, right? Little trolley made. I'm a little shuttle bus.
Oh, my God. Yeah, the food thing gets them going. Here's another fun rocker one. Oh, and stop with the Tim Tibo stuff. Okay, I'm not interested. Don't you get it? I don't care. He's boring as dog poop.
I know you know, Roberts's I know you didn't watch but thought you'd like no Mickey work one the golden globe for best actor. I don't care. If I cared, I would have watched it. I didn't even know he was still acting. He looked like he got hit by a freight train. Not sure what movie it was for. I would never see a Mickey work movie. Maybe six and a half weeks. Don't you have a funny Mickey work, but can you please. No, we can't. We can play one of them. There's two of them and one we can't play. He then this guy is just trying to sucker me into playing the Mickey work.
I don't know what it was. Oh, there it is on South Beach. I've got a lot of friends there on the police force here that in confidentiality have told me how much of it is. Yeah, see how to chop that off. Didn't he say ask why something like something. I don't come from a place. Somebody says.
My okay, I don't know. Maybe you're. Yeah. Finger. He was saying finger. So yes, my finger. Maybe it sounded like he was saying something else. Yeah. So that's it. There you go. That's the lovely Mickey work. Why should we care about that because he lives in South Florida? Is that why we should care about it? I don't know.
Anita Mark says here's an update on her situation. Well, the Ravens keep winning. So it looks like my start on WQM is going to be delayed at least one more week. I sure hope that Mr. Bell and Mr. Barrow understand these delays. I expected Baltimore to beat Miami last week, but never would have thought they could win in Nashville yesterday. It was so cold rainy and wet on that sideline. I sure I'm looking forward to roaming the sidelines for the dolphins and sunny Miami. What's your take on this week's game. I don't have a take. I don't care about any of these teams. I have no interest.
My heart is very torn. I'd like the Ravens to keep their magic ride going, but if Pittsburgh wins, I can start my career at WQM sooner. I guess only time will tell anyway. Thanks for all your advance promotion over the past two weeks. Sure will help having a fan base already build up for me when I get there signed Anita marks XO. I think it's the real one. Yeah, either that or it's Joe Bell. That could be. Yeah, is he there today? These show is on me face. Yeah, I'm not if I open the door and wait.
It didn't really. He did earlier. What time was that? I don't know. Morning. Jack's hamburger is located on US one. Just out the commercial blowout on the West Side. They've been there since the 60s. The true half burger exists there. Well, what does that mean? Half burger? I don't know. Is that in size? I don't know. Maybe half of a pound? Maybe. Oh, well, could be could be. I don't know.
A lot of these things are written in haste and haste makes waste and taste like paste. I don't know. Here's one about Lucille's.
Lucille's down in our West and you actually had them as one of your kneels deals several months ago. Did we? Who? Oh, and races have no interest in ever going back. Not so good. That's what races. Well, race is taking a cheap shot.
Lums and Davie is closed and has been for over a year. People are wrong. Lucille Diner and Hard Rock is very, very good food. Five guys hamburgers is delicious. Their fries are worth a trip alone.
Says my mouth is watering. Just thinking about it. Jack's hamburger is okay. But five guys is awesome. Not good. Not just good. Not even great. But awesome.
Roberts is with regard to burger restaurants. I still think the burgers from char hot are the best. They also have pretty good foot long hot dogs much better than the overrated.
And the best. But the best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best.
Roger Clemens fires back the baseball great and ice charges of using steroids and human growth hormone.
as Italian
from paramedics Prince Lean.
from paramedics President Lean.
from paramedics Patricia Swin.
written a book about the team's perfect 19-year-old season. It's day for
for Britney Spears and UCLA Medical Center on involuntary psychiatric
whole. Amy Winehouse they tried to make it go to rehab and now she has. Hillary
Clinton knows she has to turn the time. 349 for a gallon of regular
unleaded gas, Tysa Record. New York Governor Elliott Spitzer apologizes after
being linked to a major prostitution rate. Former Beatle Paul McCartney is
paying big time to settle his divorce with Heather Mills. Senator Hillary Clinton
is backing away from her story that she came under sniper fire during a trip
to Bosnia as first lady. Richie Zemboa of the league guitars for
Bonjovia is out of jail this morning after being arrested for drunk driving. We
now know who the Democratic nominee is going to be and no one's going to
dispute it. Three tornadoes have left neighborhoods in southeast Virginia
devastated. Miley Cyrus Toplis. If the Democratic nomination battle is
supposedly over somebody forgot to tell Hillary Clinton. All right day two of the
R Kelly Child pornography trial. Senator Egbert Kennedy has been diagnosed with
a malignant brain tumor. It was so hot I saw Amy Winehouse smoking a
crack cycle. One week from today Barack Obama hopes to have enough delegates to
become the Democratic nominee. The unveil of the iPhone 2.0. At least two
dozen people have been hospitalized after eating contaminated raw tomatoes. As
a result of his sudden and unexpected death he's being mourned like a
precedent or a Pope Tim Russell died on Friday just 58 years old. Triple A
reinforce the average price of unleaded regular is now four oh seven. He
taught us what we can't say on television and where we should put all the
stuff we have. Comic icon George Carlin has passed away. You're not the only
one getting hit by high gas prices. Many prostitution houses are also hurting.
Some media reports that suggested Aeroid may be romantically linked with singer
Madonna. 330 active wildfires in California and thousands of homes are threatened
although not nearly as many homes. The threat by countrywide. More triple Aces
the national average run lettered regulators about 411 a gallon and has your
boys had to agree to a $52 billion takeover mortgage giants fatty man
Freddie Mac are getting help from the Treasury Department of bailout and
canine cuisine will be off limits at some restaurants during next month's
Olympic Games in Beijing General Motors is in trouble. Brett Barb says he
doesn't feel welcome in Green Bay and Angelina Jolie news and the baby twins
will they finally left the hospital in East France over the weekend. Senator
hopeful John Edwards is now responding to a tabloid report that he had an
affair. Edwards says this is simply not true. You're not allowed to streak
in Beijing for the Olympics. Federal investigators want to know what Mary
Kate Ashland knows about the death of her friend Heath Ledger. One of the most
important qualities in the next president of the United States is to be very
very very old. The woman John Edwards says he had to
fair with is refusing to have a paternity test on her young child.
Women seem on Michael Feltz quest for perfection. I'm a hockey mom from Alaska.
David DeCouple has voluntarily checked himself into a rehab facility for sex
addiction. You can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska.
John Lefontein who was arguably the best voiceover guy ever has passed away. Tom
waiting got you right on the knee. You can put a lipstick on a pig. It's still a
good night. Airlines is doubling its speed to check a second bag on domestic
flights. Play again makes the most unsurprising announcements in years. Yep I'm gay.
McCain doesn't think the current bailout proposal will pass. We're a couple of
mad wrecks. Gosh darn it. Obama has his first clear lead over John McCain.
Paul Lumin's legacy will live on for years. The style dropped on those 780 points.
The race move on to the world series to take on the Philadelphia fairly
syrup. Palin going rogue. Governor Sarah Palin is still defending herself over
the 150,000 dollar war drove the Republican National Committee water.
And CNN cannot project it for Barack Obama. 47 years old will become the
president. Oh, like of the United States. We know the challenges that tomorrow will bring.
The greatest of our lifetime. Leaders from the big three automakers will back on
Capitol Hill today working to secure a massive bailout.
The York Giant Star receiver, Placisco Burst, is being charged with a crime
after shooting himself in the leg. It is deadly faceoff and will buy India
continues to unfold Las Vegas judge Jackie Glass rejected since its apology and
sentenced him up to 33 years in prison. Nationwide average for a gallon of
regular and littered is now $1.72. Oprah Winfrey opens about the recent
weight gain. Michael Jackson's famous littering glove is going on the auction
block. The house has passed the big three auto bailout bill.
It's going to be so bad it's going to have today for the new Trump trailer park.
That's so bad.
Yeah.
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Will take a cup of kind
for
All
Blank's
I
Proff, 22 at what point during the year is that become kind of like, uh, outdated,
and pass say like middle of May, maybe last week.
Last week.
Oh, I mean, I like it. It kills a lot of time. I get a lot of that. That's what I'm going to say in
last week. Last week. My ass.
I bet they still like it.
Okay, I like it you like it. I like it fun long well done. Criminal what long
Are you knocking that bit yes well there goes your increased pay oh yeah and just reach over and
Torrupt that check big fat check. I was gonna send you because I was I was Gigi in New Orleans wherever the hell he is
And Louisiana somewhere
Give him a song to dance about how oh your legacy will never be the same if you don't take the proper carry George
Yeah, you should be making 250 and 300 grand a year go tell Joe Bell that right now
Sure and see how long before before he rolls over on the floor
220 votes on the pull my take on the Israeli Palestinian conflict is the Israelis are a bunch of bullies 45
I hope they wipe each other off the map 43 Hubsay and Dread
The Palestinians had a coming 36 can't we all just get along people 33
I'm glad I don't live in Gaza City 30. I couldn't care less 14
Does that have anything to do with a Super Bowl 12 what conflict for and Obama will straighten them out three oh
We're fine. That's right. He's still dead by the way. They ensured. I still can't get over that
As long as I live I'll never forget the day that he came into that studio
I don't remember under what pretends to give me a song to dance about how the kid on
Young and a horny is gay
Gay yeah, remember that trying to out that whatever his name is first hand knowledge. Yeah, he had first hand
No story was yeah
He said it was a real hands-on guy Rob what's his name?
I don't know Rob moral. I don't want Josh moral Josh Moore. That's it. Well, you sure know your soaps
Oh, yeah, and you body worse ever miss any other worth is any people out there still using soap I sure hope now
Let's not discuss that again, huh
Soap is for people talk talk about old people not wanting to try new things what a joke that is
Charles and pine Chris is for Berger for Berger is five guys is great. They're popping up everywhere. I never heard of it
They have great fries too. I don't need fries. Although I did eat the cheese fries. There was a bad mistake
It's Johnny after rockets. I watch them do it. They take a slice of cheese and they put the fries under the
broiler
And it just gets like all gooey and sticky and it doesn't really melt because it's you know
It's supposed to use a cheese sauce, right? Right like squeeze cheese or a grated cheddar cheese or something not
slice of process cheese one slice of
cheese and
They melted on top of the fries that is so grotesque
Anyway, it says they're cheap and don't use frozen meat
Also, they tub when a one is amazing for burgers. It's not cheap. But the burgers are huge. They tub is no frills, but really scrumptious
Lucille's is really good try the turkey dinner. So we got split verdict on that
Blue played in hard rock is pretty good, but my favorite place over there is tattoo
They give you free cotton candy after dinner. Oh
Wow
Can you imagine me eating cotton candy?
Yeah, oh
I haven't had cotton candy since I was like a little kid so a hundred years ago
They give you free cotton candy after dinner
Then it gets all over your chin
Then you get go inside and you shimmer it all over the machines
By the way, I know that the fin show hurts the ni ratings, but D8 below as he makes Eddie Kay look like Mr
Excitement Joe Bell has really effed up that place as Charles and Pai Cress. Yeah, you're sure right about the very last part there
Joe Bell everything he touches turns to
The sports leader neon
I'm having trouble loading drivers on my windows vista. Oh my god
I don't know what you're saying
Thank you for holding our highly trained staff is busy assisting other a holes just like you
Please be patient while being victimized by eight years of rampant corporate corruption
Rest assured these jolly rancher munchers are quite happy earning a nickel a day
Their water bills are much lower since they don't often bathe
Hello, my name is Jim beam. I'm not helping you today. I was just unhold with someone else
I need help with my vista operating system
What the hell are you trying to say I deeply regret you not understanding I was trying again
Thank you for holding we deeply apologize for the delay
Freeze continue to hold as corporate brings its best to you by shipping phone support jobs to India
Where's your you'll agree why pay for well-drained phone support here in the States when we can get these dot heads to do the same thing for a nickel a day
Oh
12 thirty two at five sixty nobody came I read totally my story last week of the week before about my bank in the ATM
Yes, yes, and many problems. It's all solved and over with no no now we're up to number 16 call number 16
I was trained out of the weekend. Oh
Thanks to a
16th call that I made
Well, I see if I can get the system and blah blah blah blah
So what do I want to apologize?
Rudy says last week I saw a clip from the daily show and the clip a journalist asked Joe the plumber if he will use any kind of protection to cover the
Israeli Palestinian conflict the answer he gave was amazing quote
I don't need protection because I'm a Christian God protects Christians end of quote what a jackass is Rudy?
What an ass. Right?
Why
I was gonna say hold in you no, I did not
249 votes on the poll on a second poll today. I think today is the day we start the new year
You can feel it. I mean the emails are starting to come back in again
Right nobody's slacking
They can't afford again
Only you would know if they're calls for you because I'm not I don't try anything. I don't have it on what he talking about I got the audio vault
Well, that's right. So if you're wasting your time trying to call in even Georgian looking at it. Nope good thinking
Because the colors are stinking. That's what we're thinking
Hector says brand new fund or oh, I see
He's got it spelled well, you know how he's got it. Yeah brand new
Fudruckers and Pembroke pines at the southeast intersection of I 75 and Pines Boulevard the interior has a 50s diner theme complete with Elvis pictures
milkshakes jukeboxes, etc. Nice family atmosphere
Well now it would be in the same categories Johnny F and rockets if it's like that
See to me Johnny F and rockets is like
What was the American graffiti remember that?
Yeah, they had the diner there. Yeah, like one of those joints from back in the 50s
Well then it like a roller skating
Drive-in diner kind of thing. Yeah
Like a W used to be where you'd pull up and they would come on roller skates and
Take your order bring the food back
Do they have places like that anymore? I don't know that the a staking quake in Tampa on Dale, Maybe one of my very favorite
Probably my favorite where the burgers don't fall apart and the shakes are just as good as the ones in South Florida
Staking quake
Right on Dale, Maybe not too far from where shakies used to be. Oh God did I love shaky speeds?
We've talked about that a million times. I think I'm the only one who ever ate there
That's why that's been us. You never ate his shakies. Nope. I'll be damned
And race says I went to the new new any W with the pine chops Pembroke or gardens
Off Pines Boulevard I 75. Oh the new a flood rockers this weekend was pretty good
I thought new was it says I went to new
Get some help on race speak it in English
The burger was very tasty. I got the half pound burger well done. I can't stand a bloody burger
You know, I can't stand bloody meat. Oh
gross
There's nothing like going into a restaurant ordering a steak medium well and
They bring you a plate with blood just dripping all over the plate. Oh
The only thing I didn't like was the fries they gave like 12 of those nasty potato wedges with seasoning like KFC but worse
I've seen some people get one pound burgers
It was huge size of a plate also my final thing is that they did not have the hanging dead butchered cow in the window
It just meat patties how I'm disappointed
Keep it coming Rogers you to best George's to one time for my uncle Charlie says B doc
The new floodruckers so there's a new one how come they're closing up old ones in their building new ones
Don't know
In fact the Arby's next to where the old flood records and plantation used to be is still there. I just seen it
Two weeks ago when I was down there. I got to see all the scenery and then you know what didn't look like very much has changed to me
Except there was two big ugly white buildings in the middle of nowhere out there in
Sunrise it's just crazy that they gave them zoning to build that crap
Why do they do that totally out of place totally ugly and totally out of place
Policies I just had a five guys burger for the first time last week. I will have to say this one of the best burgers
I've had probably not the best I
Still like Jack's hamburger is better the closest five guys burgers to you is in Rochester
And I doubt you'd want to schlep your way to go there for just a burger in fact very jackass sent me the address
Closest one to you is 1100 Jefferson Road and Rochester. I know exactly where that is am I going there? No
No, if Don and Bob's were still open during the good weather. I might actually drive down there
Don and Bob's and then they beat him all that had the best burger now they're out of business
Says go to Wendy's get a double T's burger. It's just as good as five guys and PS pulses. I still use soap
Oh my god you fairly you asked yeah, I did ask
Well one thing I'd like to know about that
When there's a new product that it doesn't slip and slide and fall out of your hand and doesn't get hair on it and stuff like that
That's so much superior to soap
There's a new product called body wash everybody in the world uses it even when you go to Europe to some you know back
Asp even in Rome where there are so many shleppers living there and you go to a decent hotel there and in the bathroom
There is not soap. There's body wash
How do you like that?
Even the barbarians like an Amsterdam even they have body wash no hotels and they ought to the prices they charge there
So I guess the new deal is in place in Amsterdam from what we were reading they cut the red light district down to a couple of blocks and
They eliminated most of the coffee houses if not all of them and most of the porn joints and stuff like that who now wants to go there
What do they got go there to see the tulips the tulip in?
Would you slip all the way to Amsterdam to see tulips? No, thanks. We got two looks. Yeah, I know which slips you're talking about those
Jason from plantations as if you tried the new chick filet that just opened by your house sunrise in flamingo
There's a chick filet at sunrise in flamingo
Okay, you will think you're in another country and the staff is so damn friendly. How do you like that a friendly staff?
And I hear the food is really great. They've never eaten a chick filet
It's good not a big chicken guy. It's not what I heard
Here's one from Rick
I just called lums and if they're closed, they're still answering their phone. Thanks for calling lums
So what's the story what's the deal do you want me to give you the phone number and you'll call it?
If you want I mean I could look it up. I got it right here
And you're gonna come down and eat there. No, I'm just I'm just asking for you to call see if they're still open
Okay
954 will I'll dump the number. I don't know why I should dump the number but everybody'll call
583
6872
Okay, okay, I just dumped it. Okay, well, I don't know why I mean anybody can get us not that we don't want you to call
There's just that we don't want you to mess around while George is trying to get the information
What my pants well congratulations get alive
You
Ferry
As I can say there's a town
Call Tamarack with him on a cold to start and to that you're about to go in next door
They all drive for half a mile a day
That Gucci smile they stand in line a while
We're only early bird
Lead Manhattan
The rubs and queens that nylon to leave the Brooklyn
Toronto and look down the Jersey turned back to Tamarack stole the mall
And a sidewalk sale from your hair as you wrap your nails to your friends
You're going to blooming there's anyone's before behind
You
Leave Manhattan the rubs and queens at night to leave the Brooklyn city
Toronto
Turn back to Tamarack
And the sidewalk sales from your hair as you wrap your nails to your friends
You're going to bloom in nails and they won't be far behind
We're on south
Hacking sack. There's a town called Tamarack where you live
On a cold to start and prevent you about the going next door
We don't sound
Hacking sack. There's a town called Tamarack. We don't sound
Pass Hacking sack. There's a town. Oh, I just got a grand table. You'll hang over to it
You know what he said nothing like that yeah
But a boot bar a beat
He said the duster is our main sales guy and we should prot him like cattle
Jolly joe bells told Norma
How do you like that start proud and Norma's getting a free lunch out of this phone call today
I would have somebody taste the food first Norma
That's my suggestion release they spoke in that exciting. Yeah, folks at Jolly joe bell. Well, that's another day in hell
Here's one that says I've realized why you like Taco Bell and red lobster so much
It's all joe bells fault for slicing your contract now you're having to cut back and spend less especially on meals and not having and now having to play the nickel and penny slots
Good luck. I hope they haven't cut back on your health insurance first of all they don't pay for my health insurance
I'm an independent contractor, which is really none of your business. I pay for my own health insurance. How do you like that Yanta mm-hmm
As if yeah
As it's said on Friday every meal has to be a fine gourmet eatery according to all these food snobs out there
I mean what what kind of person even with zillions of dollars doesn't eat junk food right
I mean no doubt you can get the gout by eating rich expensive food. I mean rich in terms of the food itself
Not that that's all that healthy anyway just because it's expensive. Yeah
Yeah, I think I'm gonna go have a steak actually we're getting pizza for lunch today for those who are taking notes
We're getting pizza
Oh for me is that okay fun by me yeah, I should I can it's not gourmet either. It's it's pretty good stuff, but it's not like
$100 a pie
Mike says while five guys makes a great burger red robin is also a superior place to get a good burger
I've heard of that red robin. I know where that is. I've heard of them to
None on the now did you call lumps yep and
They're open. They're open as we speak. I heard all kinds of you know restaurant noise in the background there
You know talk to someone where it's yeah, I spoke to somebody and I said you folks open for business and she said we sure are
Well, how do you like that? So somebody lied somebody lied probably from some sloppy as fast food joint
Anyway, it says none on the east coast of Florida for George red robin, but they're plenty just across the border for you and Rochester
Oh, yeah, I know you'll hop right in your car and pick some up right
Sure, I will Mike
I'll tell you if they still have that fairy you fair it goes across Lake Ontario between Toronto Rochester remember they tried that
Yep, I liked it for about how many minutes about 30 minutes and five minutes
And they discovered that there were a few people you know in Rochester wanted to come up here for pretty fair number
But there was nobody in Toronto or anywhere in Ontario wanted to go to Rochester
So it didn't work out too well, eh?
And they they Schmidt-Candon oh well, I could swim across the lake in fact. Maybe I could walk across there right now sure
You think Lake Ontario is frozen take your ass kill belted radials. Yeah, that's a good idea
Kimmy says I'd like to recommend a movie that's so bad. It's good
Now on DVD is death race starring Jason Statham from the transporter
You know who that is? Yeah, you would not like him or this movie. Wow. Well, you've seen death race? No, I saw the previous for it
I'll watch it. I played a few typically wrongly convicted good guy who's forced to raise cars and a futuristic prisoner order to win his freedom
But these cars come equipped with machine guns
Rockets and napom to be used against the opponents and the whole thing is broadcast by internet pay-per-view
If that doesn't sound ridiculous enough for you
There's also the prison warden played by critically acclaimed award-winning actress Joan Allen who must be slumming for a paycheck on the advice of her agent
Who I'm sure since has been replaced
Now once we get hooked up with incompetent agents. So they're they're with us forever
You you'll get to hear out of the most uncanny bits of dialogue ever written you can't repeat this on the air, but here it goes
Oh, I can
Well, can I clean it up a little bit please? Okay?
Sucker you want to f with me? Let's see who gets to on my sidewalk
It's worth of viewing just to say you saw it says take here and have a good week
P.S. Sorry for the long email. I'm glad I'm not the only cheese fries purist if it ain't sauce it must be tossed
Yeah, you don't make cheese fries by melting a slice of American cheese on earth or french fries under the briler
That I couldn't believe when they put it in front of me. I thought are you people smitten me or what and I love the place
I absolutely love that place Johnny F and Rockets, but that is so F and bad
It's F and unacceptable as what is it's as if it unacceptable as the conversation that jolly joe bellhead would normer can
I should repeat oh god. I'll tell you before the show tomorrow. Don't forget. Okay. I'll read it to you verbatim
This coming from the general manager of a radio station and his comment
You're just I don't know what you'll do you might just squeeze your bag a few times
You know
Anyway, um somebody
Says American graffiti was Mel's driving still exist in Hollywood Boulevard LA and here's a link to their website mel's driving dot com
And he liked that that was the adriving in American graffiti. Mm-hmm. Wasn't Ronnie Howard in that movie? Yep
How sad that he bugs me man. I don't know what it is. I don't I never liked him at all probably
And he's a redhead
Is that what it is? So I'm not talking about the way he looks
I'm just talking about the whole the whole ambiance of that child. I just of course now he's a big hot shot director
You know, yeah, he's a big media. I hated that show also happy days happy gaze. Oh my god
Hey
And the one I hated the worst was that the Tom Bosley Tom Bosley
Vogue is infomercial here a few years ago and was never seen again. I hope Tom Bosley
Just annoying
Uh, here's one from Jason who says the best and cheapest burger is the one I make at my house
All these people emailing you with their favorite burger joints are the same sons of bitches where he's falling on their mortgages
My tax dollars will go to bailing these bastards out says Jason
I get the feeling he's a little bit porked off
You can get a powder ground beef and a pack of buns for about six bucks and feed a family of four
Fire up the grill put on some Johnny Cash crack open a cold beer and enjoy the best burger you'll ever have
Are there any real men out there buck up says Jason?
How do you like that? Okay, if everybody did that all the burger joints go out of business
Bad for the economy Jason. We don't want to do that
Although jolly Joe says but a beep but a bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop yeah you're full of crap jolly Joe you're evil
You're a life and station destroyer is what you are
284 on the pool once we could pass 300 were home free home fries
Why do they call them home fries? I don't know
And then this is in question. Have you ever thought about that? I have
Have you I've been yeah, and what what did you deduce that they make them at home?
Or they are like home style maybe home style a theory mind you and then of course there's always out of home style
Right then there's on the street corners of my homeless do you know there's homeless people here on the street corners?
Imagine they're everywhere aren't they this is one of the greatest scandals in this community is that they're in a in an area
Five million people and this this town has got just enormous amounts of money. I mean you couldn't believe
All these Russians and India people all the coming in and buying up these condos which they keep building by the way every five minutes
There's a new condo a complex springs up every five minutes in Toronto
And yet even now this time of year when a when a temperature is like
freezing minus a hundred
When you could make ice on the sidewalk
You could pee on the sidewalk and make a pee cube
And there are people laying out there on a all a spares some change have a nice day
And most of these people aren't even panhandlers. They don't even ask you for money. They just lie. They're shivering
With a blanket and a toque if they're lucky. They've wear a toque just this morning
I took a toque
Brian says there's an a and w and seen it clear on Florida the food isn't so great
But the floats are great. Staking shakes got good cheese fries, but the fries are skinny. Yeah Brad Pitt's got something that's skinny for you too
Brian
Aren't you getting a little tired of him? Am I the only one that's tired of Brad Pitt already? I
managed to avoid him very easily. You know, you know what I mean?
Yeah, well the media like the few things in our body and uh
Yeah, I avoid it
I mean talk about when in doubt a little bit burned out
I'm fresh new and exciting compared to Brad
Uh-huh trust me when I tell you you don't believe me doing nope
285 votes our goal is 300
Then I'm going over to the pizza
Neil, I think you should sue QA I'm into oblivion accelerate their decline in the bankruptcy. It says okay. Whatever you say you sue them
By the way, I think your ratings will suck you clearly have lost your ear for good radio
Is evidenced by your playing that all-langed Zine bit over and over over you're so simply blows without the callers
Oh, yeah, the callers are what make it great that's correct
I play that over and over. I played it like once a day. I played it about four or five times
Since new years today's the 12th
And you know what I like it
Do you like it? I love it. In fact, maybe I'll play it again several times
Most try as teca. Oh, why does this guy zek keeps sending me the same thing over and over again
Off Pine Island 595 good food lie live Maryachie band. Yeah, that's what does it for me good Mexican food
I wouldn't eat this also though kind of funky try the burrito zakariah and Pine Island
I thought it was as teca is it as teca or is it zakariah or my was zakariah that that's who it is
And what kind of a name is zakariah anyway
Get his name
It's the one to do our
Springtime is you so I'm cleaning my kitchen
I have to mop under my fridge at there
I sweep a big dust balls in a couple of magnets
I'm always grossed out by the things under there
The more that I clean well the stuff that gets weirder
My grandma's old dancers some green teacher crust
The hamster that I lost we're back in the 60s
He's decomposing and he's turning to dust
Yeah
And I don't want to clean down there
It's time to get on made got to buy some rubber gloves
So my hands don't smell that way and I don't want to clean down there
Becoming the bugs my way coming at me big and loud
I hear the road just saying
He's a lot higher
We like to stick yourself
Don't support away
This ain't no rose for town
It's a lot down here
We like this stick
It's proud
Don't support away
This ain't no rose for town
Don't let me forget to
Read you tomorrow morning before the show that email from Norma Kent
I won't
You might you might just uh
I don't know
You're on your so
You might do harm to joebell you might go in here and like fart in this face real real loud and real
moist
The man who once unilaterally decided he refused to accept any absentee balance that weren't printed on 80 pound paper stock
Is now looking for a better job
Kenneth blackwell a crazy person made famous by his role in the hotly contested 2004 presidential election
Ohio we assert both his honorary chairman of the Bush Chaining Relection bid and as the state's top election official
Is now campaign to become chairman of the republican national committee
But his past may yet come back to hunt him
As Ohio is secretary of state he was instrumental in passing Ohio's
Game marriage band amendment and he led some of his personal feelings slip in 2006 in interview with the Columbus dispatch
Blackwell told the interview and that being gay was like having a compulsion
For instance, he said a pension for arson or kleptomania
I think homosexuality is a transgression against God's law God's will he said the reality is again
Then I think we make choices all the time
And I think you make good choices and bad choices in terms of lifestyle
Our expectation is that once genetic makeup might make one more inclined to be an arsonist or might make one more inclined to be a kleptomaniac
Do I think that they can be changed? Yes
Blackwell's comments caused outrage in the gay press but mainstream media articles about the rnc chairman's race have tended to ignore the remarks
On Monday, however prominent gay radio host Michael Angelo sin you really posted a transcript of an interview with conductor with blackwell last September
In the blackwell reiterated the crux of a zero-year comments
I believe homosexuality is a compulsion that can be contained repressed or changed blackwell said according to the transcript
The fact is you can choose to restrain that compulsion
And so I think in fact you don't have to give it into the compulsion to be homosexual
I think that's been proven in case after case after case
Blackwell was seen to be a rising star on a Republican political landscape but his outlook dimmed after he lost no
Hyogubinatorial bid in 2006 today. He's vice chairman of the rnc's platform committee
In his radio interview
Serious radio senior really also asked blackwell about his own sexuality. Did you choose to be heterosexual?
Senior really asked you wake up one day and say I want to be heterosexual?
The answer is I've never had to make the choice because I've never had the urge to be other than heterosexual
But in fact if I had the urge to be something else I could have in fact suppressed that urge blackwell said
Wow
How do you like that? This is the guy who helped fix the 2004 election for Bush. Yeah
What do you know how? I beg your pardon? What did you expect?
the same
302 on the pole we can go home now
By the way, Zech sent me back a scathing sarcastic or caustic
About what's a great biblical name in yadea saw some crap
And though my middle name is not Bob sec kneel and Bob pretty clever
Jason from plantation says you must also experience the best stake in the U.S
When I've seen this place the council oak stake house in the
Hard Rock Casino in the southeast corner. Mm-hmm. We saw that the other day last time I was there
And it looked really damn good
This is the model that the Seminole tribe have used for a deal. They just signed with the Yankees for New York stake houses around the globe go check it out
I was the guy who called to tell you about the NIGC
What is the NIGC don't know. Oh, that's the thing about the um
Setting the odds at the slants. Ah
The gaming commission
Remember I got nervous because I started with NIG. Well, I think it starts with an IG. You aren't gonna say that on the year
See
Jimmy says don't bother with Chick-fil-A they're owned by hardcore Christian wackos who are closed on Sundays
Apparently the Lord doesn't feel the urge for a chicken sandwich on his day of rest and on the seventh day the Lord a chicken
And the Colonel was pleased
Scott Jewish boy and Pinellas Parks is it's still there. Staying in check on Dale and Maverick. They remodeled it the whole chain is great
Well, I don't know about that if the whole chain is great
Mm-hmm. We get a lot of complaints about the burger in fact the one the stake and shake by me there on sunrise
The shakes are the best in the universe, but the burgers they like fall apart. You know what I mean? Yep
loose meat
Of course there are a lot of guys who like you know loose meat. This is true
As for five guys, I'm lucky that there's one across the street for me says Scott
One place to avoid is Biff burger insane Pete Biff
Food is good, but they don't let you eat if you don't have a vintage car
One time wife and I went there we were told unless we parked our car two or three blocks away
It would be towed and they didn't care that we just ordered food
We went to the Mickey D's next door in plain sight of Biff's where we were sure that he used that any car our car would be welcome
Whoever heard of such a thing Biff burger. They don't let you eat if you don't have a vintage car
Okay, what if you got a beautiful Corvette
What if I have another option and I go with somewhere else?
Exactly like to Mickey D's next door
And by the way anybody who wants to give me a bunch of crap about Mickey D's
I love the double cheeseburger and I really really really love the
Anis burger with bacon and cheddar which I had one the other day
Over the weekend I had a Mickey D's
Anis burger with bacon and cheddar which you can't get there sort of and I love these people who share their expertise
But they have no idea what they're talking about because they've never eaten it
Right, right? You can't get no anis burger in the States yet, eh?
And it's on like a up they call it like a pastry bun. It's a really nifty bun
Got a slice of tomato and a slice of onion
Mm-hmm onion onion
channel hey channel
Oh, Zach I already read your things that go away
Quippien such a sarcastic bastard. I think the Lord is gonna smite your ass, Zach
Robert says there's another jacks hamburger's on 18th Street South of Atlantic Boulevard
They make a tasty burger Olive Garden blows are they kidding me thinking Olive Garden is real Italian food only
Goyum like the Olive Garden Robert
Says they're nuts
And then he says like an Italian he says
F them have a great thing you two Robert
Olive Garden. I guess I got to play all those bits. Yes, or I do that or I'll play that
Old-ang Zine thing. Please play it twice. I've lost my ear for good radio
That's why I keep playing that thing over I play it because it's six minutes and some odd seconds late
These people don't know and kill some good time if you think sitting here talking for four hours every day and making magic
Is like a falling off a log. Well, guess again
Yeah, it does again feel good time. It slaughters it. That's right. It butchers it. Yeah
Why I really took the discount damn it. I could put it back in there
Rocky says my vocals to Chieberg or Chieberg and Boca were talking his vote
Are we voting or we have in a contest? Are we doing like a uh, uh, uh, foodie
Where do you get the best burger in town? Let's do it for like six months. What do you say? Let's do it for five years
And at the end of the five years any place that's still open for business wins
Rocky says my vocals to Chieberg or Chieberg and Boca huge burgers great taste five guys is too overpriced
Could eat three of them and they're like five GD bucks a piece
Not that my vote matters. You're right Rocky. Keep up the good work. And he signs it Ernie Banks
Hey, hey Ernie Banks. Let's play five
Is he still alive Ernie Banks? I guess I'm pretty sure he is Ernie Banks
Mr. Cub
You didn't know Ernie Banks seriously you never heard that name of course I had
Harry Carrie would be really pissed off if he weren't dead who Harry Ernie Ernie Banks just I know he's still alive
I wonder if he's like a sportscaster somewhere every ex-jocke is a sportscaster
Everyone
Everyone whoever played everyone was ever a coach. Who did I see over the weekend some ex-coach?
Oh my god who got canned and as we saw this now he's now a broadcaster everybody's a broadcaster
All your kids out there like I've told you many times stay out of this business
It's a slaughterhouse and now with all these ex-jocks everybody's a broadcaster
If you ever if you ever took a shower naked with another guy you're a broadcaster
Well then and what was that with um in the Eagles Giants game
Were they
Quarterback the Eagles quarterback winds up were on the sideline and the Giants coach pats him on the ass
I don't know
But this is what good sportsmanship sportsmanship my ass you've had the opponents
What's the thing there is
God I gotta read that in the rules. I'm sorry. You'll have to have somebody else
Yeah kid baby
When you're here you're a family and that's exactly how we'll tweet you welcome to the Olive Garden
Hey sit up straight huh and put your napkin on your lap. What's a matter with you?
If you're sick of your own family driving you nuts let the wait staff at the Olive Garden take over for a while
Excuse me. Can we see the dessert menu? Oh, I'm sorry dessert is only for good little girls and boys who finish their dinner
Ah come on
Alrighty five more lights and you can have a cookie the Olive Garden who the best in dysfunctional dining
Everything
I have another question. What are you gonna get married? I'm not getting any other and I want to roll the grand draw before I die
The Olive Garden when you're here your family and when you're not here where are you?
Would you go at night? Why do you stay out so late? Did you know your mother stayed up all night waiting for you?
117 at 560 WQ and boy that pay places just to die from
As a matter of fact where's where's the joke
Somebody sent me or heard is there was a joke on Leno the other night the economy is so bad the mafia is eating at the Olive Garden
This is Laney and Kendall. Thanks, Lanny. What wow? Mm. Well, that's pretty humorous for the Leno show. Yeah
Mm
Kevin says miss Chris and all his fatty ways and with yeah, he'd be right at home here today
Tuppy Chris by weighing in on this issue. Maybe weighing in on a meaty issue
With the food talk. How do we get started with the food? I was at fake Larry King
I'll tell you who I'd like to know who it is is the of course you tell me it's all the same person and that's possible two or three
The fake Barry Jackass. I'd like to know who that is
Would you yep?
Oh, Zach is back again. I don't know what the deal is with fudruckers. It's suck
I think the Lord will Smithy your ass just kidding Smithy
Hey, Zach get some uh get some education get some assistance awesome Olive Garden suck
They try to be fine dining, but it is truly a waste of effing taste buds spelled T a IST
hahaha
Oh god
Wow not just the content of these emails, but also the uh
Spelling in the grammar and the whole structure of the whole. I just it's astonishing
Is what it is
Here's one from Rocky. It says I was going to email you last week when you were talking about your bank
But wanted to see if any luck getting it resolved yet for a day or two and then it goes right back to the way it was
I had a similar situation where I wanted my 18 withdrawal limit increased customer service kept telling me they could do it
Oh, they increased mine. I'll write
The problem is uh, it's just they keep blocking it
I didn't even ask for the increase, you know the old limit would have been fine if it would just
Uh, cough my money out. Oh no, but what about the boot put about there's a red flag a flag yeah
It would work for a couple of withdrawals then we've heard back to the original amount right customer service even put a notation
The increased withdrawal amount finally I spoke to a supervisor who told me that these systems are set up to go back to the default settings
And it doesn't matter about the notation because the systems are automated
So basically I would have to keep calling back to have limit raised
You can't complain about customer service nowadays because there isn't an East is Rocky
That's a line I used uh, then rather put it on the CBS even news 100 years ago when I was at INZ
They came and interviewed me about customer service in soft florida and you know
Bernard Goldberg that's before became a right-wing
sycophant
Mm-hmm did the interview and I said to him you can't complain about the service down here because there isn't any and Dan
Rather use that on the CBS even news. How do you like that? Wow. I was a starback then. I was a contender and look at me now
Now I'm with jolly joe bell in the Titanic and we can smell the barnacles getting scraped at the bottom of the ship
Oh
Can you tell me what barnacles actually are?
Sure even though it's probably lunchtime still for a lot of people
They're a shellfish type of thing. Yeah, not unlike scallops and things like that that attach themselves to
Things like boats or sea walls or anything and then
You know, they just have these little tentacles that come out testicles. Yeah, yeah, and they scoop up little things and they eat it
I'm so like you want like catfish almost no, no, no, they're not a fish at all. I mean no
I don't mean that but I mean like the same concept. It's basically a tube with tentacles ticket. It's a what?
You swim around oh
They don't have fins
So how do they get around they drift until they uh
Bump up to get the thrusters. Yeah, and then they attach there is a what's his name? There's old meathead the jolly joe
One of my children asked me that why can't Ali Bahra
So the flummer and say
War in in Gaza all he is hoping for is to find a magic way to put that into this violent war going on in Gaza
A joan also told Carl that he has no fuel to heat his home and supplies are running low well too bad then'll teach you
That'll teach you to throw rocks at those Israelis
Brandon says by the way
I just found out the Beverly Hills Cafe at least the one in Cooper City is gone or something else there now
That's really bad news because the Beverly Hills Cafe a long time sponsor of mine was a great place
Remember it yep
Wasn't there one like in I don't remember where they were
too many years ago
And like when when you call
Fraud protection at my bank when they do one of these block deals
Well, I have to ask you a list of questions about about multiple choice and and they ask you about did you ever own a
1973 cutlass uh, you know like like stuff from 35 years ago wow
Yes, seriously
Did you ever own a Ford uh escort?
Did you ever own a little red coupe?
Did you ever own it? You know, and I'm saying to her you're talking about stuff from 35 40 years ago
How now do I remember?
Did you ever live at this address then she gives me an address from Kendall?
Do you know how many years since I lived in Kendall?
I'm not a hundred
I
Guess I must have guessed right because they open the account again, but good god almighty
Here's one from another caustic a hole
Who only ascends 400 400 500 these a day what kind of pizza are you getting around one
Make sure you get it extra well done and don't get extra cheese. It makes the pizza too soggy
I hope you're not getting it from an national chain like Papa John's or Domino's
I wouldn't doubt that you probably will know I will not since your taste of food is diminished just like your check hands
That's right my paycheck goes down and my taste in food is down down down all right
Let's see Mickey D's Angus burger says a mark in coconut creek only in New York. Well guess what mark
Not in New York and it's all over canadae
In fact, I think they're headquartered like an Alberta or somewhere I could be wrong
Oh, no, I'm thinking of the pizza not the the ainess burger is all over Canada
I could walk a couple of blocks and go give you one right now. In fact, I think I will I get the ainess burger with bacon and cheddar
Then then what's his name won't have to worry about what kind of pizza I'm getting
What hey no matter what I you don't got to understand my mother is in the grave
No matter what I do I've got a zillion mothers out there to remember what I do it's wrong
wrong wrong wrong
Got it got it good
Now what is this rocky what some of these people are just back over and over and over again
I've been telling a few of my friends about the Mayan calendar running out in the so-called end of the world
What do you guys think about this theory of planning X and it's approaching our galaxy and the idea of the world falling apart
Just wonder what you thought about all that I don't do you know no
Effin luciels is amazing trust me on that one great ribs and everything they're up north in Palm Beach
Stop in when you get a chance. I didn't know they still had lumps around you know if Myers is still around on seventh avenue
That great sandwiches Myers I saw Chris Myers on a ballgame yesterday his face is falling apart
Do you know I worked with Chris Myers and WKAT when it was um sunny versus flunky at KAT 1976 sports flunky
And here we are 33 years later, and it looks like he's an old man which he is
It says damage George talk more go marlins time lampan for present 2012 who damn it George talk more
Says rocky no talk more dammit. Yeah, when I'm on
When you do in the George red reggae show that's right
Here's one from myrio
That says well, I tell you this food thing get some going. That's about all I get some going lately food
In response to your fudrucker question there are two of my vicinity. I live in the southwest day county
There's an actual fudrucker behind the international mall in D'Areal and actual one is opposed to like a airsatz one
The other one I know of is in the day landmalleria where 836 meets south xe becomes south xe
That fudrucker is not called beddie's best burgers, but it's fudrucker through and through buttered bread same menu same decor
This is my second email today. I don't want to become a chronic so it's my last one as well
Unless you ask the listeners a question. I need to do my duty and answer
Oh, thanks for reading emails uncle niel. Then he's got to put the tim tibo thing. I'm not interested in tim tibo
Okay, don't care. I do not care. I don't care today. I'm not gonna care tomorrow. I'm not gonna care six years from shivuus
I'm still not gonna care. Biggest name. The best talent. You're a bad
Absolutely
There's a brand new game all the kids are learning to play now
Can't every big city all across the usl they now
It's called keep yourself some hardware and blow the other fellow away now
They've all got guns guns guns up there on the streets today
Guns guns out there on the streets today
Got a music she brought it into show and tell
I'm so
Billy brought his lung in a pretty special
They can tear as a feature intro letter mouth before the bell
Before the day of that guns guns guns out there on the streets to kill
I'm
I'm going to do some girls you can make like a green for me
Yeah, I'll be today see the first kid on your block
That the cops don't get you away
So what a Johnny can't breathe he can still join me
Can I
I
I take it all blow each other away
Yeah, but
Guns guns
Up there on the streets today
Out there on the streets
I think I need to say that you're in the end of montage couple of times and we can go home
We got the big old coming up at two o'clock
Vigo at the east-west drying game wow
You got a pet on that game oh yes several
Lisa who's probably got it maybe Lisa is visually impaired
Lisa says no you said you didn't care about Tim Tebow
But I thought you might cause he is yummy in capital letters with a whole bunch of E E E E E E E E Z on the end yummy
Lisa your taste is in your tloss honey. Let me tell you right now
I've seen better looking guys in a toilet bowl than Tim Tebow he is grotesque
He's got a hot chick girlfriend, but he is gruesome. Maybe the girlfriend's got bad eyesight too
Maybe I mean the girlfriend obviously, you know, he's a jock. He's a jock. He's gonna be making a lot of money
That's right
But what's Lisa's excuse huh?
See that's the one good thing for us fags is that so many women a very high percentage of women have very very bad
Taste in men bad taste
It's true all of us they're horrors. They're going for something other than looks. I see how much money they got things like that
Get a life Lisa get some help
Sec is back again. This is what his 80th email
Yo Neil. I just got out school early. I go to American Heritage
Peace and love you are not jackass. Love your show my first time commenting on it didn't men to offend you
Yeah
Not much of a commentary for American Heritage that if you're really going to school there
You're spelling in your grammar and all it a pretty weak, but nevertheless
He might be a good guy and then again
Don't go getting choked up again like last Tuesday
That was bad because then the next day I was out sick playing hooky
Larry says I'm coming into the conversation late is always
If you join the players club at the hard rock and even though you live in Toronto
If you drop it enough when you're here you can eat at the council oak on the cuff
Kind of like it the horrible restaurant in the uh
Woodbine
Oh god
Just the absolute worst I can eat there free all I want I've eaten there a total of three or four times in the four and a half years
I've been going there the willows
Oh
60% of the people leading in there are high-rollers plus they really really have an unbelievable branch on Sundays the blue plate is so so says Larry
Counsel oak sought for the first time last time when we were in there
A couple weeks ago when I was down there
Yeah, and I was sick as a dog if I felt better maybe we would have stuck around and they weren't open for lunch yet
It was early the early bird gets the hot machine man
The hot machine
I wonder if they have a hot machine at the I thought of that story
Uh a couple months ago when I was in there in a hard rock
Yeah, and the one yinth and she goes running to this other woman. She says uh can you tell me where the hot machines are
The where the loose machines are and did you
She wasn't asking me. I would have left in her face. I was laughing behind her ass
Can you tell me where the loose machines are? Yeah, I can tell you where something loses go look at a mirror bitch
Races I'm sorry did I just hear you say Beverly Hills Cafe in Cooper City is closed was it where was the one that they said was closed
There wasn't in Cooper City I
Forgot I mean not a what I forgot already
Since I just left that place they're alive and well
Also there's one on commercial and it's open and one of my links is open. I'm getting all these emails
So all you people trying to pee on Beverly Hills Cafe is parade uh most of them are still open. Thank God
And lums in spite of that earlier email we had lums is still open on davi wrote extension
Why don't you go there and get some of them we need to edit and beer
Okay
And the ollie burger
I'm trying to remember five or a hand ollie burger. I'm sure I must have
Okay
Because when you know I who are W's news when I used to get off here at midnight and also Ion Z
But more so a W's news there are just aren't that many restaurants that are open at midnight, you know
Wags used to be I think they used to be open 24-7
And lums
And it's about it. They're just aren't a whole bunch of them right right
Brian says saw some fat slob on the travel channel man versus food program who visited this place that made the following
Half pound burger topped with three fried eggs three slices of cheese six slices of bacon all sandwiched between two flat and grilled cheese sandwiches
No problem though. They have a do-it-yourself angioplasty station at the checkout
How do you like that and a partridge and a pair of three
See I don't I'm not like like the thing with the um
Cheesecake factory and the other one that I can ever think of the name of
Where I keep getting dragged to eat over and over again and it's always bad
What's the name of the other one in the sawgrass owned by the cheesecake factory? I don't know legal something
No, no, you're thinking of legal seafood
Legal seafood in Boston is great the one there in the sawgrass
But anyway the thing with cheesecake factory and again it's the idea that if you give big big gigantic
Inedible portions that are so big that nobody could finish it
That's the key to satisfying the customer and if you're a chaser if all you care about is having a huge
Mungus plate of just tons of food then I guess that'll satisfy you with me
I'd rather have a much smaller portion and the food be really good and that then it makes sense yeah
Another words you'd rather have a little bit of food that you can eat than a lot of food you don't a little bit
I don't want like a pigeon dropping on the plate. I hate that. It's all
French cuisine, you know real gourmet all the gourmets their ideas that if you have like a turd on the plate the size of a pigeon turd
That that's a great gourmet meal
I want a little something that'll fill me up
But it doesn't have to be like you know enough to feed five people
Here's one it says long-time cub fan or any is 77 or any banks to living in LA
He does not do broadcasting but does cubs public relations when asked he and his wife just adopted a baby girl have a good day. Thank you so much
Now the phantom informer who usually has got good information comes along with one of the most
Nebulous emails in the history since we've been doing this about three four months
Remember I asked to the fake Barry Jack ass was yep
He says the fake Barry Jackson is either the real Barry Jackson or mr. Radio
Does that inform you narrow it down to nothing? Yeah, is that helpful in any respect since they're all fake anyway
Maybe it's the fake Larry King maybe this is the fake phantom informer. Oh
About the fake Barry Jack ass like as in like our fake general manager
145 I wish I could remember the name of the restaurant. That's a good thing that I can't I'm sure it's long gone in Helen Dale
Yeah, I told her that story about a hundred years ago. I built caudern as wife and I went to
In Helen Dale this tiny restaurant we'd never even heard of before just driving around and there it was
And we went in there and there was nobody else. It was dinner time nobody else eating in there
And you just you could and they were playing the godfather music in the on the speakers
Okay, just had that feeling yeah, I'm saying
Did you that the Corleone family was like hanging out having a meeting in the ball and did you go to the bathroom and check behind the you know the toilet
Yeah, it was old ball and chain toilets, you know
The box with the chain yeah, Tessio commensahed the gun
Grand Lux Cafe. I'm sorry. I've got a brain fart on that. Thank you for the 800 people at semi then
owned by the cheesecake factory and the same crap
Only more overpriced good the soups good appetizers and on trays. Oh, I told you about that burnt burger. I had there at the
Grand Lux last time we ate there burnt
One thing to be char broiled. It's another thing to be
char burnt
But at any rate just not for me
Mary says remember the monks in on 80s and the crow in the 80s on crow way that had the honka cheese on the table those are the days you bad Mary loved it
Great French onion soup and the waiters were all dressed as monks
cute. Yeah
And when it came to your table the first thing they would ask was one a lollipop little boy
but nevertheless
The monks in and the studio and all those other great places. Oh all you old people thick all the good spices right about the past they were
In the past I'm not saying there aren't some good joints around now, but boy
If I had a million dollars for every great place that's so long gone. I wouldn't be sitting here talking crap right now. I'll tell you that
Here's this oh brother. This is this is blasphemous this one and this is the same GM 33 0 21
This is his 4,000th email today all of them
Costic and hostile and negative and says this tops the cake the Beverly Hills cafe
There was one around the corner from the emerald hills. Oh my god instant diarrhea. How could you have eaten that crap?
The food was so bad that no restaurant moved in there since it left the food left the bad taste in the building even
I would eat the cat food to talk about before I'd ever eat the Beverly Hills cafe. How do you like that for a guy with really bad taste?
Yeah screw you you jackass
Place was great
Kevin says does the search partner need to be issued for the whereabouts of Eddie Kaplan? Yes
I wish to listen to him when I was in my car randomly if the hours he was on is one of the few who should be on a radio
Seems like a good guy. He is did he retire? No or is he in another market? No love you guys is Kevin
No, he didn't retire and he's not in another market. He got screwed over by Joe Bell
And he used to do you know decent numbers at night not spectacular not gigantic, but reasonable numbers at night
For our crappy nighttime signal and then Joe a reached out and got this a DA guy oh from Kansas City
And that's uh oh his number oh point oh
No number can't complain about his numbers because he don't have any oh
Here's one from Nick who says don't let all the yinthas tell you what's good for you or not for you
If you eat all that excruciatingly bland boring crap you may not live longer, but it'll sure feel like it good point Nick
They're all experts. They're all experts. I had your life and on my life and on this show and I'm everything that ever came down the pike
And as far as emerald hils is concerned. I have one word to describe my feeling about that joint. Oi
Jason from plantation is back again
He says the best counselal experiences to go there for Sunday brunch
The best five star spread you've ever seen a little pricey at 50 bucks a person
Oh 50 bucks a person I have to have Joe Bell come pick up the check
Also, it says try the fresh harvest at Seminole coconut creek 441 and sample. I'm not going back there. Oh no
no
And if that fresh harvest is the buffet that I tried that one time oh no
It's one thing when everything is as soft as jello
But when all these people are sitting around with you you can hear the sound of the teeth fizzing in the glass, you know
Uh-huh uh-huh
I was too young to be in there uh-huh
Much too young
Anybody that would knock Beverly Hills Cafe their taste is in their torches. Let me tell you that right effing now
I
Tied of there's a guy who uh had had a longing for good restaurant too many of
Not that I'm on to talk but boy
He could sure pack it away
The blaster
See this show today the emails even now there's like three or four that I haven't looked at yet
This is the way the emails supposed to work
The last week it was the post the holidays and post new year uh slump, you know
Yeah, look at that the high Wednesday minus 14 and the high on Thursday here minus 15 Celsius
Hope you're good says Johnny
I was on the road earlier heard you speaking about burger joints
There's a five guys that kindle drive the meat is very good and the uh fries and uh are from natural potatoes
Regular with salt or not and seasoning and fresh sides. I know you don't like fries. I don't
I like onion rings
Nioh also I was calling you too. Oh, I guess you don't have the phone on that's correct
I saw the most ridiculous photo license plate ever was we better start packing and move to Toronto no stay there
It's the new someplace saying instead of sunshine state now it says in god we trust. Oh my what's the deal says Johnny
Maybe they ought to make a plate that says they'll god we trust
Good idea
Good idea
Here's one about some places his don't eat there made me have you sick well great oh that's zek
Don't be knocking all the restaurants and tell me maybe calling on them someday that's right
And here's one it says Beverly Hills post three years ago. Well whichever one that is there's still plenty of open
The restaurant sounds like Pete Lorenzo's in Trenton, New Jersey
I also know the real bagman of myrlandsky he got taking out the cash and Vegas by a whore and he lived
He got taken all while this is redlands jimin jannett need a little work on a grammar
Little work on the wordsmanship
Jason from plantation with another cost of one when is the mykai going to get burned down for the insurance money
What the hell is that mean?
Still there after all these years been there ever since I came to town hundred years ago
Ordered a whole bunch of party food for my wife's birthday party from there and it was phenomenal. You did?
I realized morsel. Yeah, I'll be damned
Well, that's what the audience thinks. I'll be damned. I think they got a good point
373 votes on the pool
What's your take on the Israeli Palestinian conflict on the butchering that's going on?
The Israelis are a bunch of bullies 75. I hope they wipe each other off the map 72 the Palestinians have it coming 65
Can't we all just get along people 63. I'm glad I don't live in Gaza City 47
I couldn't care less 23 does that have anything to do with a super bowl 19 what conflict five and Obama will straighten them out for
When did doubt straighten them out oh, we're fine. That's what we hear everybody's fine. They're just fine
Except for the dead people. They're still dead like all those little children, you know
Blown the bits smithereens all of these shouldn't have done that that's right
Oh
Hey, and we hope that we will be
What the talk shows are off because to be we won't have male strippers. I won't be wearing a skirt
I don't think there was any sex scandal and that hurt us in the tabloid business. We had nothing to talk about
Why just piece the crowd with strange people talking trash out loud
Oh
Putting weirdos down
Oh
Had it to the bank where our interest grows
I mean is there good kiss or a mediocre kiss or a hazard rank in the pantheon of people you've just
She prefer the company of men basically the couple gave women a chance to always all of
His mansion his women his casinos women
We'll say for every day that we're not where guys have got the we're all wrong show people
