The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and collars and do not reflect those of the
Beasley broadcast group. It's staffed, advertisers, and...
Would I make very jackass and just pick up your friends here?
Yes, keep it coming, Barry.
Barry!
Two fourths, ready.
Five, six, eight, double, you Q-A-M.
I am my Emmy for the Latter-Day.
By the way, fact this is back today with us.
Yeah? Oh, yeah, we're gonna make stuff up.
Cross your fingers. You said make stuff up.
I did say make stuff up. Are you ready?
I'm not joking, I'm just kidding.
You ready? This may or may not work, all right?
Give me the shot.
Look.
I didn't work.
What the hell is that?
It sounds like a big open to me.
Yeah, that's the big open.
Well, there you go.
Let's just close this.
Get out of my way.
I'm gonna make a big open to you.
Take off and get caught.
That you can't handle.
Buy something for fuck like a cheap store sample.
I promise you, man, it's worth the hassle.
That's how you do take the money refunds.
Absolutely.
Go on, take the money refunds.
Huh?
Cash gone, take the money refunds.
Go on, take the money refunds.
Take the money, honey.
That's a lot of money, honey.
You take the money.
I wish you'd have seen that show that dealer no deal.
Are you there?
What the hell just happened?
Oh boy.
I'm here.
I had to go get somebody.
What the hell is that mean?
You're here.
I just had to go get someone.
Oh my god.
I'm sitting here wondering, are we on here?
I should have started throwing a few F-bombs in there.
Should have.
What kind of hazard is this?
The show just starts and right away he's running around doing what?
I had to go get some engineer so that we can play the commercials when they come up
because the audio vault is the wrong color.
And if it played the big open,
then I don't know what it's going to play the next time I fire.
I just relax.
What are you getting so concerned?
Oh, you're right.
Mr. I don't give a crap.
I should not.
Well, stop.
I had to go get an engineer.
I got to.
Yeah, you got to.
I got a pair.
That's what I heard.
So fake Barry Jackass who's just all over my ass all this morning.
He's just just loaded with stuff.
Mostly about Bubba.
Hey Bubba, you redneck.
Hey Bubba.
Barry says big dogs have been talking about giving a lady and her fatherless son.
VCS championship tickets for two hours.
Pondress.
Tunded a Bubba on rock 93.
He has Tucker Carlson on and then he says,
Oh, boy.
Oh, he is right, Barry.
Whoever you are.
Neil at neorodgers.com for all your crap on the emails.
Because if you're waiting for phone calls,
take a deep breath right now and then exhale.
And that's it because I there are going to be very many on this show the next five years.
You know what I mean by that?
No, what the next five years,
if you hear a call in this show,
it'll be very, very rare.
Okay, fart into your radio and inhale deeply and smell the aroma and say,
Oh, wow, what a day this was.
It'll be a special day.
Just like it's a special day every day for the people in Gaza.
Israeli tanks and helicopter gunships went blazing into towns across the Gaza strip today,
attacking Hamas targets and searching for its leaders is the word that told approach 600.
Troops fought Islamist militants around the back alleys of Gaza's main city and the heaviest fighting of the 11-day old offensive.
The halt rocket attacks on Israel,
Hamas made its deepest rockets struck yet in Israel.
One air strike by the Israelis killed 12 people including seven children from the same family in Gaza city.
Israeli strikes also hit two UN run schools, one crowded with refugees killing at least five Palestinians.
Medics and UN officials said two people were killed when artillery shells slammed into a school in Kanyunis
and three people were killed in the air strike on a school in the Chati refugee camp in Gaza city.
Well, it just goes on the Arabs and the Jews, the Jews and the Arabs, they're killing.
And of course the Arabs have got the pea shooters and the Israelis got the Wuna Bamba Grande.
It's kind of like the Cowboys and Indians.
Defeat would have been good in the old Wild West.
So you think?
Yep.
He was a real...
That stuff we got yesterday about the payout on the slots at the Hard Rock and the Indian casinos, that was the most bogus information at one call.
And there's another example of a call.
What you can't complain about the calls on this radio station, we don't have any.
I mean, they're actually our voices on the phone, but they're not real callers.
They're just cranks and chronics and lifeless idiots.
And if Joe Bell really thinks that I'm going to subject myself ever again to what I went through here yesterday for four hours, you're a crazy fat person.
You're not just a fat jerk, which we already know you are. You're a crazy fat jerk.
And this business about all human rip and management for years, well, you know, that's true because most of them are idiots with a couple of receptions.
But never ever on this scale.
There is nobody.
Nobody I've ever worked for who is even the same league with this fat ass goofball.
Ha ha ha!
There goes Neil again!
Oh yeah, get out of my life, Joe Bell.
Write a check.
Write a big fat check and I'll go away and then we can go.
Yeah, all right.
What?
Well, that's not good.
They're not doing that with they're doing like you said this morning, they're trying to destroy the show, piece by piece by attrition.
Just like the audience is vanishing on all AM radio by attrition.
And all on all terrestrial radio, all radio period.
By the way, that serious stocks holding a study of 13 cents.
Anybody want some?
No, no, no.
Dollar holler.
Now here's very jagged.
Let me give the poll results for Mr. Lee because I don't want to get too deeply into all this radio stuff.
The audience likes radio stuff though.
Yeah, they don't like radio, but they like radio stuff, you know.
Inside Hazarai.
A thousand and three votes on yesterday's poll.
That's pretty impressive, even though they get seven million votes on their polls daily across the street.
Whichever station might be across the street.
Here's the poll for me yesterday and it wasn't all that exciting either, I didn't think.
Did you think it was exciting?
No, not really.
No, no.
Which utility company or service provider do you hate the most?
With all respect to Charlie B.
I mean, Charlie's had better polls than that.
But it was okay.
About a thousand three votes.
Credit card, 226, cable TV, 223.
Every time a pigeon farts, somebody's cable goes out somewhere.
Electric Power, 194, cell phone, 83, LAN phone, 58, bank, 51.
And as a little follow up to my story yesterday about my bank and my 13 phone calls that I had to make in the last four weeks of my age.
Well, the 14th yesterday.
All right.
Go to use my ATM card again yesterday for a certain amount of wood buying.
No, no dice.
So I used a smaller one.
It wouldn't, it wouldn't cough up a dime.
And I get home last night and I made the same call I've made 13 previous times.
I guess 13 was an unlucky number because 14 followed.
And at least this broad was honest.
She said, well, I can't guarantee it won't happen again.
So I said, there are some other words.
You have no control over your computers or over and no, no.
She was from fraud protection.
Frog protection?
Yeah.
Frog protection.
That's what you need in South Florida.
This time of year, you need frog protection.
Anyway, bank 51, they absolutely suck.
And I didn't even mention about how they hold your checks for days and weeks and months.
And of course, your check clears usually with their one or two days, no matter where it comes from.
Because it's all done electronically now.
Am I right?
Yeah.
How would you like to be in the business of holding other people's home?
Then you can make interest on it while they share around their weight right to supposedly queer, clear.
Great scam.
Bank 51 Internet Provider 45, satellite TV 34, postal service 33, garbage pickup 14, gas 12, water 12, satellite radio 8, landscaping 6, pool cleaning 4 out of a thousand three votes.
That's the final telly on yesterday's fine Charlie B pool.
So very jackass his bubble fans are pissed off.
And then a little bit later we got the bubbles responding.
Let's do a whole thing about the bubble show.
Let's not listen to it.
Let's just do a thing.
Okay, there you go.
Yeah.
I mean, he's not on now anyway, but.
Who's on this morning?
I wonder if he peed on my leg again.
I didn't feel any moisture.
No, it was a war.
Yesterday we had a few spy reports, not all that many.
Which means either he don't have many people listening or we don't or both.
Hey, it was the first day.
I'm sure there'll be like all these spy reports next week.
About what?
About everything about him peeing on my leg?
Sure.
I don't need him peeing on my leg.
I heard it was cold up there.
It is.
Oh, look at this.
Here's one from the fake Stan major.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, yeah.
The fake Stan major since being article at everybody's red immediately.
Sometimes dolphin sale could change everything.
Yeah, we know.
And I don't care.
Not interested in the dolphins.
George and Neil Dan Mitchell on economist at the Kato Institute of DC thing.
Thank you.
I'll be in Miami Wednesday through Friday attending a speaking tour on the bailout.
Well, he's in Miami.
Would you be interested in having him on your show to discuss how national economic movements affect the Miami area?
No.
Sign is he sent?
Is he Santa?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Is he Santa?
Is he a Zeus?
Is he an A-hole from the Kato Institute?
Very funny.
No, we don't do guests.
Okay.
We don't do boring ponderous guests.
Anyway, so Barry says those who were excited about public love sponge returning the serious XM for.
And by the way, before I read this, I just want to send a message to Joe Bell and Clarence and Joyce.
See, one thing you haven't learned about me is I'm a survivor and you can pull out all the tricks, all the stops.
You can do everything in your power to devastate this show and we'll just keep showing up here as long as we want to.
For five years.
Am I right?
Sure. Until you get fed up.
As long as the checks keep coming, we'll keep coming back.
Regardless of anything else you try to do.
And I'm sure that Anita is waiting in the wings to do mid days, but nevertheless or do whatever she's going to do.
And he is on the way, by the way, from Baltimore.
So what I heard, he's got a great ass.
So Barry says, Bubba fans are pissed off.
Those who were excited about public love sponge return to serious XM for his new two-year deal tuned in today only to be unbelievably disappointed.
No longer will the loyal fans be able to hear Bubba's run on Cut Radio Show on Howard 101.
Instead, the once great show has been replaced by a replay of his watered down morning drive to rest your radio broadcast.
After months of wondering, fans were finally assured that the Bubba love sponge show would be returning to serious XM Airways January 5 by the likes of Scott Greenstein Howard Stern and Bubba himself.
Why would not one of them mention something as important as the terms of this new deal looks like the joke is on us as Barry.
Why see a sex M thinks that this is okay and their subscribers will pay for non-exclusive content that can just as easily get for free is totally beyond me.
Let the call center storm begin, Barry says.
As a matter of fact, let's dig it and make sure that the world knows that serious XM is now just replaying to rest your radio.
I give them six months serious.
Seriously.
I give them six months.
13 cents a share.
Replaying to rest your radio stuff that people can hear for free.
When you pay to hear exactly the same thing you can hear for free unless you're a crazy person, unless you can mention it.
No, thank you.
How much unless you like Dr. Demento.
How much let's just replace them all Dr. Demento stuff.
I got something and chicken man.
Do you ever hear chicken man?
I don't know.
That was that was pretty funny stuff back in the day.
532 votes on the pool when Neil hangs up his microphone or himself for good.
What will George do? Start his own show 140.
Go home and wait for something to happen.
Get a real job.
112.
Become a full time drug dealer.
38.
That's what I voted.
Good money in that white powder.
Commit suicide.
32.
Join the roller derby.
30.
28.
Become a panhandler.
21.
Become a carny.
19.
Become a male hooker.
14.
I don't think so.
No.
Become a pimps.
532 votes on your future.
So just hope I keep showing up every day.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm sure that when I would step aside, they give you a big, big, big, biggest name.
The best town ever.
I'm a chickener man.
No projects.
432 560 QAM.
What's your problem?
I'm a son of a bitch.
Boy, have you got your attention now?
I'm afraid I have some very bad news.
Oh, yes.
We hired a new air personality.
No, I'm sorry.
It's a woman.
Yeah, yes, I know.
But when management heard her audition tape, they wanted to hire her immediately.
Her name is Anita Marks.
Now here, listen to this.
Welcome to the Anita Marks boardhole program.
I mentioned the Zikris boardhole in 150.
You may be wondering why I'm dressed this way.
Well, I need a broad book of dumbifying work.
I thought I'd change my name to Anita Brood, but that's a mug ridiculous thing.
I have a hoist.
So I change it to Anita mobs.
And just to make matters worse, I woke up this morning with a hockey puck in my canyons.
I would go there, I'll have an op.
Don't forget to visit your clinic, the Soto dealer, and tell them Anita sent you.
I know.
That's coming any day to a station near you like this one.
Aren't you excited about it?
Thrilled.
Well, we hear that she's hot.
Can you see that picture?
You okay?
I'm okay.
This cold has just taken a long time to go away.
That's all.
It's just the ass end of it.
I got lots of Ricola though.
Ricola.
Don't you love those spots?
Yes, I did.
Ricola.
They're pretty good.
And I got the natural herb, not nothing sugar free.
Or no sugar added because those they have sorbitol.
And they make me run like a lunatic.
Anyway, getting back to the important emails, they're sure aren't a whole lot of them coming in yet.
But let me tell you right now, if I have to read the Toronto Yellow Pages and the White Pages,
yeah, that's what I'll do.
Can we read the back of serial boxes?
That's what I'll do.
As opposed to reading, as opposed to taking those calls, no effing chance.
None.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
Only a lunatic.
Only a certifiably insane person.
In a position of authority in this company, in this radio station,
would sit back and do nothing while this crap goes on.
And that's exactly what they've done.
Because they don't know what they're like.
I don't know what to tell you.
I don't know what to tell you.
No matter what the question is, I don't know what to tell you.
That's the response of this lung kid.
But then again, he's getting you that car.
Now, what more are you heard about the car?
Oh, nothing.
What?
Nothing.
Nothing.
No thing.
No thing.
Not a thing.
Well, speaking of things, here's an email I got last night, 9.27 p.m.
The highlight of my night, it says.
And I want you to listen to this.
Okay.
I'm going to read it exactly as it's written.
In response to a question about Dwayne Collins' free throw technique,
Frank Hathes said, Brian the Beast London.
I must be missing something private.
I said to C.
Wooden, please read this.
Yeah. Does this make any sense to anybody?
No.
Maybe he went into like sugar overload or something.
I know when your blood sugar gets over like 900, it does affect you.
Oh, look at that.
Somebody don't get the message here.
Look at that.
What?
The commercial.
Barry follows up on this stuff about it.
It says, Bobb is response to the Schmidt storm.
I guess there's a lot of really pissed off people.
They got laid down the garden path.
I thought that he's show coming back to serious meant that it was like the
real on edited show and not just a replay of his terrestrial water down radio show.
And believe me, if anybody knows about water down radio shows, we do here.
Oh, don't say this and don't say that.
Don't play one of those.
Oh, geez.
Bobb is talking to the fans on forums at BTLS.com says Barry and Barry evidently has a problem
this morning.
I have no life.
I mean, if you're going to be obsessed with somebody, you could find somebody better to
be obsessed with them at Yehu.
Link, Bobb loves fun show topic.
I'm sorry you're upset.
I knew you would be.
And it goes on and on and on.
And then really bitching these serious people out.
Something fierce about what a bunch of liars they are.
And they basically told me in order to get money, you think you deserve go to regular radio
if you think you can't.
They don't they don't pay anybody any money.
And he says the only thing I want to was to get our lives back.
Back my health has gotten worse.
My marriage isn't doing that well.
And I never ever got to spend any time with my kids.
I leave the house at 4.30 in the morning and I'll get back to late PM and go right to bed.
Why do I have to do two shows in order to make the kind of money that other radio personalities
do for four hours a day?
Again, why is this my fault?
I'm sorry if I felt I be if you felt I betrayed you then in yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, yaddy,
and then a second post, I wish I could have given you the heads up but I couldn't.
I'm sure you understand.
No, they don't understand.
They're pissed off and fired up at you, Bubba.
You have no idea how much this is freak me out.
He says I take pride in keeping in touch with our listeners.
I take pride in us carrying and being accessible.
So I hope you understand the Schmidt storm is really, really hard.
Well, Evan Ely is getting a lot of a negative response.
But you know something, negative response is at least something.
It's better than no response.
We don't get any response.
We get nothing.
Let me take a look at that outlook, Express.
Neil at Nearodges.com.
Well, look at there's a couple of things on there.
Brandon chimes in.
He says I listened to a little more of Bubba this morning.
Boy, we are Bubba intensive.
Don't say we didn't promote his damn stinkin' show.
And two things, Brandon says.
One thing I'd read about Bubba was that on Fridays after his morning show he would do
a little show, a live show on Sirius.
I was listening this morning and the only thing he could talk about is himself and how
he has his spies and clear channels sending him information so he can work on taking it
down.
That's what the entire show is about.
How Bubba can take out cheap channel.
Once again, he's un-listenable.
I'll just go and listen to Elvis Durand and Y100.
He's actually very good and a million times better than Fuddy and Kenny Walker, whatever
they were on.
Y100.
What?
Kenny Walker.
Is somebody knocking Kenny Walker from the Kenny and Blow morning show?
What a shot it like.
You better get with it, Brandon.
Kenny Walker was a good friend at Joe Bell.
And F. C.O. went over like a pregnant pole-vlogger with her arms tied together in the
middle of July.
Here's one from the fake Larry King.
I've been listening to Mo on Sirius NFL Radio.
He's been sounding okay.
He still lives in Boka.
He gets a little defensive though when he gets a call from someone in Miami.
There have been a few wise guys who have called him Mo pretty funny though, says the fake
Larry King.
Well, there's a couple before we were right there.
All right.
Let me have got a couple more, but not a whole bunch.
Not a pile.
And of course, part of the reason for that being that all of our good close personal
buddies out there, the fake Greg Budell and the fake Sonny Fox and the fake of this one
and then in the real Johnny Dork, these people aren't coming through for us now that we're
in the new year.
Well, maybe they're close starters.
All right.
Or maybe they're just abandoning the sinking ship.
That could be it.
If you want to think about us, we don't put on any song to dance.
We don't pretend when the numbers come out, we admit we suck.
The audience is gone.
The station is gone.
The signal is like unlistable.
Phil Ark, who vacillates in between being a pain in the ass and sending something he thinks
is useful.
Today he writes clear channel executives are meeting this week in Dallas and they're
figuring out the lucky 20% who are being fired.
As you know, Bain Capital, Ramizad, Fit took over last year.
They'll finally implement their restructuring plan this week.
They have a formula grid where they place all sales, holes management on a air talent.
And worse by determining in what color category you fall, how much you make versus how
much you bring in.
If you fall into the red category, you're out regardless of ratings or anything else.
If you go into the gray area, then you'll have to stay something that's chopped off.
Regardless of this, the important thing is that 20% of the people at Cheap Channel are
going to get fired.
Start with Pauli Kassanova, please, Phil.
I can't stand that pompous bitch.
You're always the hand of the curve, Neil.
Yeah, I'm ahead of it.
Maybe behind the eighth ball, but ahead of the curve.
Array.
Don't you feel better that we aren't taking any calls?
I see a couple of them flashing on there.
I don't.
I might be tempted, but then again, we have a break.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're busy, no Roger.
So the best talent.
It's a D.A.
Show.
Wake nights for me to win a piranha.
Sports for you.
5.
6.
2.
A.
C.
Sports.
Good.
3.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
the toilet bowl to get those flaming sportful mows in order and control and then so
jolly rolly joe of a killer and in the note he lets mow go and here's what
blows it's gonna be his own show you make a big change and rearrange it's
worse for the same he hasn't done a thing no for what goes on the air at two
Joe don't have a stinkin clue about a poor mad mad essentially blows for all radio
the GM of 560 jolly rolly joe oh oh speaking of him I got an email from him which you'll be most
amused or unused okay in fact I'll tell you what my response was to him I wrote back to him
your lame attempts at humor continue to be pathetic or something like that okay here's the email
from joe bill happy new year this is from the real joe bill by the way not sure why you think I want
you to leave I love our new deal and I'm looking forward you being a big part of wqa for the next
five years joe bill all right aren't you impressed I'm heart warmed yeah I just want to vomit and like I
said his feeble attempts at humor stand back and watch you know he's like nero you know he's playing
the fiddle he's fiddle in it and Rome is burning an interesting part is he's the one that's
the fire the mole says speaking of jolly joe bill I spotted joe bill and needa marks having lunch
together at both campers sports bar on Saturday the station was doing it often pep rally and those
two were yucking it up I think maybe jolly joe dumped that chris for this she man I think that
chris has got bigger breasts but needa may have a vagina so he he she wins says the mole how do you
like that's fire report huh pretty heavy duty keep the emails coming jolly joe believe me you're
not you're one of the only ones at sending any you and very jackass and the mole there's just nothing
coming in oh wait a minute here we go here's a couple one of his a picture though don't waste your
time sending me pictures okay there's nothing I can do with him I have no idea what the this is
like some homeless looking guy and he's got his head on some other I don't know some deadbeat bum
I don't know what that is that great when they send you pictures when the material you're supposed
to have on the emails right is to use on the air it's a little bit difficult to use pictures on the
air you morons well hold it up to the microphone there you go you see it oh look at that Larry says
you're right about joe bill I emailed him last week telling him how much George does not belong
on the radio and he's running it ruining your show can we respond and I know that's why we have
money show says Larry that's cute that's funny so keep ruining the show I will trust me I'm sure
of that so what do you think of that that he would take the time to send me something stupid like that
I think that it's sweet I think it's adorable oh well you're just sucking around for that car
that's all there you go you're not fooling anybody I didn't think I was
Darrell says last week I had the opportunity to listen to an old show with you and Bob Lasseter
the best radio ever pure gold radio will never be the same well that's for damn sure it never
will be the same regardless the days of local quality radio is almost in the hopper keep up the
great radio for people like us who really enjoy listening to gold says Darrell old and gold
oldies and goldies and gildies yep got a dead guy doing it to somebody you ever would have heard of
well try me well let me find his name okay call pull ad never heard of him
he was the 93 year old owner of the Minnesota twins he died yesterday never retired even after
making a fortune how do you like that okay
loyalty became a twins hallmark under pull ad it says only the twins was his great life love the
life well whatever that city's daddy was 93 that's more than old enough 93 my ass god
anything 93 sold enough sure I'll take it though and here's I think this is the last email I
have in a present bunch but then I've got like 75 articles ripping israeli ass they so
richly deserve oh there you go again trying to prove a point yeah the only point I'm trying
to prove is that the american media is full of crap any american government but we already know that
this is from anonymous it says on saturday january 10 2009 also saturday january 17 2009 in
numerous cities worldwide the group anonymous will be staging its 12 monthly protest against
scientology organization this will complete a footier of internet driven demonstrations
stemming from scientology's attempts and censorship in january of last year following this shameful
debacle the project canology movement was born february 2008 then ushered in the start of an ongoing
series of nonviolent protests by the group anonymous anonymous is a loosely affiliated group of
dedicated people from all walks of life and all over the world connected only by the common goal
of exposing the corrupt and abusive practices of the organization scientology deferred that their
goal the web based activists have held monthly protest in raleigh's world wide with the intent
of bringing scientology abuses to the public domain and urging politicians to take action
the past year of activism is led to anonymous being accused of an endless number of crime
criminal acts of retaliation other malicious tactics employed by the church's scientology
despite the harassment anonymous continues to provide and freely distribute information relevant
to the interest of the public regardless of numerous attempts by scientology to silence their
criticism because it's been taken up by thousands worldwide and continues to draw new members daily
anyone interested in learning more about anonymous opposing scientology or participating in
activism themselves and encouraged to visit anonstillalive.com a n o n still alive.com got it anon
still live.com got it i wrote it down the website provides a list of active anonymous cells
in existence as well as their local websites activities and people to contact information on the
upcoming Saturday protests is also readily available but a bit a bit about well that's good
because the scientology people are evil it's just a big closet full of uh... gay queens like uh...
tom cruise and john revolt and like that how'd you like that story yesterday about john revolt and
his male lover who was the nanny to his now dead son yeah yeah what no i heard it i don't know
what liking it is the uh... is the right i don't know how'd you like it don't you think it was
interesting it was very interesting it was very uh... you know i brought raising
look at those emails baby you can't complain about those because there aren't any
the best talent you know right baby frankly i'd rather discuss it with the fcc in the state
of kerni's office and the human rights for the state you're putting on a self and and it's in
a time when children are on can flip the channels
quarter to nine you put on that
filth i cannot believe you're doing that
but i certainly intend to pursue it you should do because your station is going to get
sued for
being racist
as well as sexist
he was denigrating all
Jamaican women uh...
that was before he talked about anal sex
rectum bro jobs
uh... i don't think that's appropriate a quarter nine
i think you better do something about it
wow i wonder what time it is appropriate yeah
after ten i think is that it
which part sixteen before eleven at five sixty w and let's take a look at the
schedule maybe jolly joe is going to have his own show sometime today because he
sure working at his amateur comedy
oh well what makes you think i want you to leave new i love our new deal well i
hated and i hate you to like poison
you're an evil doer
only a moron would come into this radio station and based on his personal
hostility
and general just uh... all around negativity
try to destroy the uh... the most successful show on the station
along with any other ones too and you should do a hell of a job man one thing
about joe bel he's brought us all down pretty much to the same level
the same level of failure
here's a great email it says as hall the note said you're out of touch out of
time
would you ever do your show again from four and a little time you have left no i
absolutely will not and that's because idiots like you who sent me this email
are all over the place i was just down there for five days it was plenty long
enough
plenty long enough and i didn't see anything that i was out of touch with
you tell everything same old old and older people
waddling around made me feel like a like a child
and i saw the only thing i did see that i hadn't seen before
now we have a wall green zone every corner
used to be every other corner last time i was down couple months ago
and now
there's a wall green zone every street corner
then i make you feel good
ecstatic
what was that picture of the capital
uh... with all the clouds about it you see that i see it i'm not going to see
it in
birth arrives at center the way to see if they'll let his ass in or not
i'm sure that all of your hanging on the edge of your seats
waiting in breathless anticipation
i'll tell you one thing when it's cold finally goes away in the day or two i'm
going to be dangerous
gonna be really really dangerous let me take a look for those new emails that
are pouring in there nothing
got a few polls still sitting in there but that's it
five ninety seven on our pool
about george's future
yeah i'm about to george
joe bell thinks you got a big future in this station
sure that's why he's going to go out and get you that new uh... canalack
that's it
cattle act yeah escalating
can't afford to have on that
what i said i can't afford the gas on that i give you a trade out for the gas
oh excellent in that case right up there in the corner
amico
bp
destined a forty seven year old man who allegedly exposed himself to a family on
christmas day and to deputies who arrived in response to their complaint
has been charged with a little bit of a sufficient to a minor
on the afternoon of december twenty five on christmas day no less
a man his wife and the man's eleven year old daughter walking their dog along
harbour bull of art in destined when they encountered
rye ronald rollo jr the rest report says
as they passed ral said nice dog
that's when the father noticed that ralas genitals were hanging out of a whole
ripped out of the crotch of his jogging pants according to the report he must be
related to the guy that just sent me the picture of uh... the ishvarcher that sent me his
picture uh... with his uh... thing hanging out
not interested
the father asked ral if he was for real ral then grabbed his genitals and said
yeah nice dog
when the deputy asked ral to explain himself he exposed himself to the officer
after he was read his rights ral said he had meant to expose himself to the
family he also stated he didn't understand why they were looking at him the
report states
yeah quit looking at my junk
however as he was being questioned ral exposed to genitals several more times
it was asked repeatedly to close his legs
close your legs man
if you close your legs is that make your genitals disappear
general that uh... generally i guess if you stick them in there like you know
like buffalo bill there right if you tuck them in
oh here we go this is good uncle neal i feel like the guy know it's he which
idiot is this from i feel like the guy to call the bird that day to tell him to
shut up i'm getting the point that i can no longer listen to you online it's not
you it's those damn psa commercials and the sports droppings between the two
i'm going nuts can't you do something you have to do oh my god
andrew can't you do something to get them to change to the regular
commercials that are being played they're bad enough but at least they have
some variety please play anything otherwise take care
the other andrew whatever whatever that means the other andrew
you know what that means nope it's just another
where where over something that we have no control over okay
we have no control over it nor do we really have any interest in it
the online streaming is there for for absolutely free
absolutely free now generally speaking anybody who listen to the show you
know they know that the brakes last about four minutes
right during those four minutes go take a good dump go try to find your genitals
do something constructive andrew make a nice and come back what make a
sandwich yeah
god like you said complaints and critiques ba ba ba ba ba
don't bother me doesn't phase me and of course jolly joe is two he's too
embarrassed to admit that he's shocked that i actually came back today after
yesterday he's too embarrassed to admit that
i'm not
i'm i'm i'm back again he just loves our new deal
good i'm happy for you you're still a jackass always will be
here's one from joe it says big fan of here since the 80s but since 2006 i've
been a loyal serious listener today with my truck in the shop i turned on
radio to you i could give two uh squirts about bubba love schmuck those
bunkers aren't that funny i never gave them more than a full show of my time in
three years i'm curious on the whereabouts of rickan suds
he's curious on the whereabouts i say rick is in california suds is at home
sleeping right and comes on on friday's when the
george is doing a show am i right every once in a
frat when a while yes every once in a friday every once in a friday
every month i can don't understand yeah no you better work on your
judish man you're slipping badly i'll take a class
six oh nine in the pool when he'll hang up his microphone or hangs
himself uh what will george do start his own show
159 go home and wait for something to happen
hundred thirty two get a real job one thirty one
become a full-time drug dealer forty eight join the roller derby thirty five
commit suicide thirty five become a panhandler twenty four
become a carny twenty become a male hooker seventeen
become a pimp eight out of six oh nine
here's one maybe they're just going to trickle in throughout the day today do you think so
no i don't what maybe you sir are miserable this is from the bridge tender's son
great hello sir it seems that you're starting off the new year in the same miserable hateful
mood that you've been in since you started doing the show from terano oh yeah and that
that's when it coincides i was miserable when i came here everyone thought your
attitude would change in the new year but we can already see you'll be doing the same old
tired show you've done for years that's correct
usur are truly mailing it in and why don't you make an announcement next time you're down here
in florida so some of the listeners can have a meeting with you at your house and go over the
ways to make your show better because usur lost touch with reality and old washed up angry queen
and that's what i ought to do is uh let the people invite them to come to my house next time i'm
down so we can have a big meeting there you go pow wow sounds great about how to
regard the bridge tender's son now cute he says keep him coming i enjoy those more than you'll
ever imagine more than you'll ever understand in my own masochistic way six hundred thirteen votes
on your full our goal today is whatever we get because now that tummy is gone we don't care
oh look at this it says can you please give me a sample of a good radio show before joe bell came
then that that must be from joe bell
yeah we had a great show before joe bell came we had great ratings too
and the reason we had great ratings because we had a damn good show and we could play uh
funny bits and we could say a lot of stuff and we could do uh the near roger show we can't
now we do the near roger show according to joe bell and joe bell and we can't get him a sample
and i can't i can't give you a sample because we can't play it i'll give you a quick sample
yeah yeah just a second all right i wonder what you're gonna play it here's a quick sample
now that's a zipper that's just out of a zipper being pulled up or down
but that when he wants what he wanted he wanted an example of a great show before joe bell came
that's somebody evidently defending joe bell which only would be him or maybe Bruce Beasley
here's the fake clearance i know exactly what george's future is a qa m he'll be working on the joe
roe show joe needs another helper in the morning we love sports and we'll make george like them too
conform to our likes george or pay the price we know you won't mind doing the show by yourself Neil
i'm sure that's coming up soon we're gonna automate george all right we're gonna get a robot
to replace george what do you think sounds great if they could automate it believe you me they would
oh i know oh it's really cheap it's a cost cutting it's a cost cutting measure blah blah blah blah yeah
let me say it again as long as the final tubes in the transmitter are glowing as long as they're
vibrating as long as there's some sound like uh yeah coming through the final tubes that's all they
care about and as long as there's a lot of spots on here that they can squeeze cash out of from
unsuspecting people who don't realize that our signal is so bad that even joe bell can't hear it
pretty sad commentary when the gm can't hear his own station all the way in this case that may not be
all bad let's take a look at the schedule we got for the rest of the on award winning qa m which
used to be great before joe bell came to town you still have big numbers we used to dominate the
a market in this in this town for years years and then joe who's in total denial came along and
oh jeez joe's you think we can play fart sounds oh i don't know let me ask joe's let me ask a
corporate let me yeah yeah this is a guy and seriously if he ever had to take a dump you'd never
see him again he would never get off the pot because he could never make that decision which hand
to wipe his ass with you don't understand that don't you okay on i don't want to get you involved
because you got that big car come on every need car we got the big ol from two to four universally
be viled according to your emails i don't know why what he ever do to you guys mad dog at chulas four
to seven often tonight seven to wait the worst infomercial in history of radio and then eight to
midnight d a eight to eleven now what's the story is he is he sticking around for like five bucks
i don't know well next time you have a big power with jolly joe
get the load on the best channel this is the neo-roger show
this is your brain
any questions
they're funky they're old they're the california prune
tell them you're getting old and gray and your cons to pay every day
give us a release and that's for sure and so for you we got the cure just eat some of us
eat us every day and then flush your clothes away don't you know that they're in cold and they're
wasting
methamuzo is the place
x-lax is nice but it don't wake fast just eat some food
they'll be up last on the party yet
i'm a party if you eat a sourced money
head
california prunes what a way to go
it's eleven oh one at five sixty w to q m they will continue to on the emails keep it up keep
it coming the negativity the hostility see they accuse me of all of that in the meantime
that's mostly what i get from there yeah
for example the same one has sent me before about a year out of time and uh
to hold and know it's not all out of the cramp he follows up with this
let me guess at once and then the subject says stale
because someone is sitting there with a gun pointed his head forcing him to listen to this
stale show on his stale station in his stale town let me guess at one fifty seven p.m
you're gonna play it stinks in Miami town how many centuries you've been playing the same
swill over and over again i'll tell you what i won't make you wait till then
i'll play it for you now
it's day i if i am the town there you go at five six oh
w q a
but anyway pontev six to vell for whatever this sofone email that says
vocus should change it to it stinks in Miami of stale radio at five sixty w q a n
what are you doing all i'm playing out of touch
you do it you can do a talk up might as well do this you know
this is instrumental so we could possibly actually
oh great let's just keep that on the whole thing instead of it stinks in Miami town
let me guess at one fifty seven you're gonna do this and you're gonna do that that's right
and at eleven oh three i'm gonna say hello thanks for listening
okay that's enough of that crap i'll say here's one from michael about hurray keen basketball
and you know something you're right there there is nothing here except complaints and critiques
nothing michael says it wasn't bad enough that the list have to listen to josey doing the broadcast
of the game last night he had to listen yeah but when i was channel surfing he got to six forty a
and the same game was on with differently slightly better renounce his double hurricanes
Ralph he said i like that he he had to listen to josey
biggest bunch of losers on the face of the earth in south florida it's just terrifying
and here's andrew is back again which is fine you keep coming back over and over again today
because this week and for the next five years it's gonna be slim and grim especially without
those great calls oh yeah let me take a look on her there is one on there you want to take it i'm not
i don't see it one two oh that's right you can't see the phone
hey you better just quit complaining about all the cutbacks now okay i'm not i mean i could see it
if i wanted to you know i could minimize this don't do that you know you finally got those spots
plan that's the only thing that's important on this radio station get the spots on on any radio
station that's right not whether we have a big audience whether entertaining anybody whether we
have great ratings anything just get the spots on baby i learned that a long long time ago
mm-hmm 100 years ago so andrew comes back at you and says okay i got it to show us free and i do
try to hit the volume off button and stuff but believe me after the millionth red defender or
my gruff the crime dog does joys bayhard commercial it's beyond old i suffer for you though says andrew
and finally i started calling myself the other andrew to the fact that you've been ripping the
sales hole andrew for the past month i don't want the audience to get confused oh
i'll tell you one thing when the emailers start getting egos then you know there is no hope
for the stuff you might want to see my right i don't blame him you don't blame him for what not
want to be confused at that other andrew oh well first of all the other andrew wouldn't wouldn't
have any idea how to send us an email much less have anything to say much less to have any
idea what time the show is on okay here we go more inside from across the street from seven
ninety this is good this is what they want to hear and puber or whatever your name is go away all
i haven't clicked on it yet but all he's going to do is say f you puber he doesn't say he doesn't
use an f bomb here i throw the queen bell is one of the three most useless people in the free world
next to w and chainy god save the queen says puber that's the cleanest email he's ever said wow
i mean i don't mind if bomb here and there but basically that's the only reason he emails me
is this just a is this one that one okay yeah as an email it's the f bomb
ray changes at seven ninety the ticket it says from somebody with a phone just got a phone number
and what is the phone number have like four hundred digits i don't know
well you're supposed to be the air gets an international phone number no it is not
it's from your anus no i pulled it out of my printer oh k roge was canned over money and not the
fact that he got trounced by nila daily basis in the ratings of course they could have used him
elsewhere they were brave or smart enough to put it into the joke of an experiment
lost dose tonto's but can't afford to keep a good and quality voice like Kevin rogers i bet
that this is from Kevin rogers that's why seven ninety does not get enough respect but a scene is a
frat house rather than a radio station it's seen as an industry joke just like we are now too we
didn't use to be now we all are all these sports frat houses only lebe turd or perhaps Rosen
Schmitz can beat that boring old fruit who long go spoiled and went stale i wonder if george
is magically dull so low oh this is the same guy again with a with a phone number now
i wonder if george is magically dull solo shows especially the ones with that oh so less than
mediocre corpse suds has ever beaten sadano it's a sad commentary when a show done part time by
senior citizen in canada who on a daily basis recycles everything he's ever done beats anyone ever
i guess people are simple to prefer listening to someone drone endlessly on over a meaningless
pool or to hear sad lonely losers call a show to make some unintelligible sound only to be hung up on
on how do you like that this is a Kenny rogers kevin whatever's name is kevin rogers
let me tell you again about seeing Kenny rogers sitting across from me at the table at
pompadot park that night many years ago one of the low lights of my life
he was he was quiet he didn't the make a scene didn't make a lot of noise didn't sing like
Pete rose he didn't stack a whole bunch of hundred dollar bills on the table and watch them
magically disappear bill says i finally got my visa for canada
Toronto here we come i can't wait to get out of this hell holy call paradise my staying sound
floor has been like a life sentence finally we are free says bill how do you like that
i'll stay the hell out of here bill we got more than enough we got five million people running
around here already 654 votes on your poll about your future you can't complain about Georgia's
future because yeah he doesn't have one well no you have some i mean we all have some future
just don't know what it is that's right
all berth was turned away at the at the US Capitol
and kind of you know behind the scenes motorway there he goes off in the snow in the cold
he has been very adamant that his only motorway is his ass away he's going to consult with his attorneys
that it is his right and his beauty and his obligation but if there's no way they said senator my ass
is because of the fact that he's the outcome his associates made the outcome and you
uh already yesterday the secretary of the senate rejected his bid to be seated uh so
if was something that they were doing for public consumption now you think he's going to turn it
into a racial thing you think that that always seems to happen i don't know and you don't care
you sound so that that might have been the uh the rationale for the pick in the first place you know
it's the black sea isn't well there's only one black in the whole senate that was a
one oh what i said oh ah who uh who ha who uh that's what George says
so we basically down to like um four callers and here four e-mailers we got to fake very jackass
we got Andrew not Andrew from sales and then we got this other this new creep
because i'm sure not a new creep just an old creep with a new name right with two new names today
with a phone number that's got like 75 digits in it i wonder who he'll be the model Kevin Rogers
it's amazing you beat anybody you old turt it's amazing that anybody listens at all between
the signal and between the limitations put on what they'll we can do on the show and between the
fact that this station is vanishing from your radio dial it's a miracle didn't get any further
response from your friend jolly joe bell about his pathetic attempts at humor
no no he's a sadistic bastard so he takes joy in making other people miserable just like the
thing about no food in there i mean what kind of a bastard would would whatever i mean at any
station we've ever worked i know we had the boy gary business with no food in the studio
when that boy gary yes it was but you saw how long that lasted sure and then that wasn't because of
plugs on the air stuff like that that was just because everybody was all upending about the equipment
and about you know this and that right right i gotta spill that i remember somebody spilled a whole
two liter bottle of soda into the board and then control room who was that that was uh Steve
Steve spear ur not to be confused with Steve spearier spearier spearier spearier spearier
ur right tell you what he's called him he you uh he wore a funny hat you used to make fun of him
all the time uh Steve knows ring you called him because he had a nose ring really yes
boy you've got a better memory for those people than i do well i'd work with him you know
he was like any grammar can he grammars also a wall he isn't uh in the air with us anymore
what name steve was the producer of the air in summer showed oh well that says it all
what the biggest name is the great answer the greatest
greatest answer to the mark on a great ass
and the fourth leaf
exquisite
mom
the
everybody loves doctors this is classic tale about the grinch but what about the chosen people
don't they deserve their own holiday special too and these things so tune in tonight for how the
great stohanaka the who's called a rabbi who wore shiny loafers to bless the most beast
and ensure it was quotient how the great stohanaka finally a version of the holiday classic that
knows from hannaka is not best Cindy Lou as she slept in her cradle and snatched up her
they spun doodle cradle how the great stohanaka jol single raves for this you shouldn't stay home
enjoy what you got something better to do it came without luckes it came without horrors it came
without stars tangled new game on horrors how the great stohanaka it's eight days of fun packed
into one great half hour and the who's asked the grinch and he said without fail i can get you all
hannaka and i can get it all sealed how the great stohanaka tonight on NBC Oi every show should be
this good 1117 at 560 wda qa m nothing like a bunch of goi m trying to do a funny Jewish stuff
you know hey how do you know that guy wasn't Jewish he threw in a fake oi oh i see as opposed to a
real see like that that's much nice that's a real Jew for him here's one of the best emails of
all time short and sweet it says good morning meal when you have the fan form over your house
i'd like to request a kosher meal is that cute or what yeah it is that was very cute that was the
only uh i'm trying to think if there was any other one well of course very jackass thinks he's
being really productive with all of his spy reports about blah blah love sponge and serious and
all this uh nobody cares about that nobody cares because very few people have serious xm and even
the people who do most of them don't listen to bubble anyway oh here we go i well since i'm on a
roll a Kaiser roll it says i know you have the news on the economy taking a major dump this morning
says i know you have the news on but the economy is taking a major dump this morning one
Merkel Germany's war in buffet did the next best thing to jumping off the empire state building
decided to step in front of a train he's tiny bit dead right now
too yeah he's a little dead cute too pending home sales punched to a record low three factory orders
punched in December twice the expected rate and the Dow is beginning a tumble down
a tumble down let me turn on the gambling channel i don't think Maria B is going to be
too pleased with this email the uh that was up 15 points
the Dow is up 14 points but the good news is that NBA is he told and colder guys to take your
Adam Zaffel and shove it yeah we know that oh this is Andrew again oh go away Andrew he's on a roll
good god and Kenny Graham or his back what did i tell you
he said you should have seen the look on steves face when he spilled a soda that and the
Dow is back up 17 points this crap the sky is falling and you'll get a life
Kenny says that was funny although Mitch wasn't too pleased Mitch weeny i'm sure he's talking about
and it happened months before they gave him the full time gig producing Aaron show
remember Rick Riley's nephew worked the board for a while he was kind of clueless too it says
i don't remember that do you Rick Riley's nephew worked the board i don't remember that
well you guys sure remember a lot of very obscure things and obscure people
mm-hmm i mean if i met Rick Riley's nephew he was not introduced to me as such so you wouldn't
wouldn't know who he was right sounds like nepotism to me oh yeah in radio
it's like Bob Gordon's kid getting hired as a board op at w and w s
god can't within the first couple days i think which is a shame because he was a really fine
looking young man but he was an idiot i forget what he did something similar you know with the
equipment peeing in the board or something like that not good six hundred seventy nine votes on
your pool so we're starting to get a few although Andrew has become an chronic isn't this sad
the emails are just like the phones these people can say anything in the world anything
and they have nothing to say just like the phone and you predicted that didn't you yep you said
it's the same people it's the same people right it's just the different medium
well that's pretty sad i'm almost instead of reading these 75 stories about Israel butchering
the Palestinians i'm almost tempted to spin some wax save my throat for tomorrow wax
save my throat for tomorrow but i better not do that because that would be too much like
mailing it in pony express i rather mail it in first class
next bloom and thaw on the smirking chimps says why aren't more americans americans dancing to
israel's tune how long is this am i gonna have time to do this before the break oh yeah
almost as soon as the first israeli missile struck the Gaza strip of veteran cheering squad
suited up to support the home team israel is so scrupulous about civilian life Charles
crowd hammer claimed in the washington post echoing crowd hammer alan douchewitz called the
israeli attack on gaza perfectly proportionate and in the new york times israeli historian
Betty Morris described his country's air strikes as highly efficient while the cheerleaders
testified of the superior moral fiber fiber of their team the Palestinians civilian deathful mounted
israeli missiles tore at least 15 Palestinian police cadets to shreds at a graduation ceremony
blue twelve worshippers to pieces including six children while they left evening prayers at a mosque
flatten the elite american international school killed five sisters while they slept in their beds
and liquidated nine women and children ordered to kill a single homos leader so far asraeli forces have
killed at least five hundred gauzes it's up to six hundred plus now and wounded some two thousand
including hundreds of children over the weekend the idea blanketed parts of gaza with white phosphorus
a chemical weapon sran was saying once deployed against Kurdish rebels it was israel at its
best yosi cline halavi declared in the new republic by new year's day israel's cheering squad
to turn the opinion pages of major american newspapers into their own personal romper room of all the
editorial contributions published by the washington post of austria journal and the new york times
since the israel's war on gaza began to my knowledge only one offered a skeptical view of the
assault with that editorial by israeli novelist david grossman contained not a single word about
the Palestinian casualties of i have idea for tax even while calling for a ceasefire grossman promised
we can always start shooting again israeli public relations agents found out the broadcast studios
from the u.s. to year of filling an aggressive strategy fulfilling an aggressive strategy conceived
after the country's catastrophic two thousand six attack on lesbian on an analysis by israel's
foreign ministry of eight hours of coverage across international broadcast media concluded that
israeli representatives received a whopping 58 minutes of airtime compared to only 19 minutes for
Palestinians quite a few outlets are very favorable to israel namely by showing its suffering i'm
sure it's a result of the new coordination said major avatal liba vich an idea of spokesperson
is become a fixture on cable news in the past weeks but while israel's pr machine crank its mighty
wordless ear to full blast drowning out all opposing voices with its droning sound a surprise
in the substantial portion of the american public decided to dance to its own tune
according to a december 31st rasmus in poll so far the only measure of u.s. opinion on the gaza
assault while americans remained overwhelming the supportive of israel they were split almost
even in the question of whether israel should attack gaza 44 percent in favor and 41 percent
against it the internals are even more remarkable while republicans are supported the assault on
gaza by a large margin a predictable finding only 31 percent of democrats did members of the
democratic base the student sharp contrast to most of the elected representatives
freshman representative Donna Edwards is a notable exception who backed the latest israeli
assault in lockstep and seen the supporters real no matter what it does the riff between the
progressive base and the party played out on Barack Obama's change go change dot gov site which
was dead you to recent days with demands for a statement condemning israel's assault on gaza
so what accounts for the surprising trend in american opinion on gaza the proliferation
of progressive online media and social networking sites could be a factor but i have another theory
the same pundits who are cheerleading israel's assault on gaza once sold the occupation of
a rack to america and with the nearly identical set of arguments in their voices and those of the
grim israeli pr agents carded out for cable news many americans here echoes of the bush
administration's most fantastic lies when they see images of gauze and under withering bombardment
they flash back to fallujah and the asserted horrors of a rack when they look at israel they see
themselves during the darkest days of the bush era now an increasing share of americans know
what israel is doing to gaza and they rejected even when israel is at its so-called best
says your close personal friend max blumenthal what do you want to prove what i wonder if he wants
to kosher meal at our meeting i'll start taking orders when we have our seminar just check the
emails checking it out nothing there
rich tender son though that was a good one six eighty six on jourges pool and the conclusion is
your future is mighty green the bill like you know the budget banged in the butt honey
talk about stalemate that production oh my god last year's matz is doing better
all around me everybody is broke the economy is drowning they got us by the throne
i'd like to do some driving what can a boy to go
for the world's richest country
this depression blows
after final method the stage was set for the no constant grab all they could get
they trickled it up to the one percent right does fall and left us for death
could this be a recession the headlines boiling news
there's people going hungry you won't see that on the news
it's like the 1930s another prince of red
we're just the rich in dirty and a boy too by gas
the corporate newspapers fake it will end the ones that i use for the sheets on my bed
you pay me not to clean up them in the troll they got us blind but now we try to just fall
we're in a deep depression but they don't want you to know
for the world's richest country Mr. Freshing blow
that's a new thing
i'm not telling you one thing though the sun is shining here it looks like a beautiful day sitting
inside looking out it's gonna snow like hell the night though all right well listen it's
a little variety you know not just the same like those five beautiful days when i was down there
weather was great no complaints weather was sensational all i got sick as a dog you know i think
it's myself for the allergies might be i'm allergic to it
you're not going to believe this this next email which i'm not going to read in its
entirety and you'll immediately understand why okay free plug please okay
this just leaves me almost speechless i just just just takes my breath away
if you're having a problem with your parking lot drains or sewer pump station yes as a matter of
fact or maybe your grease trash is backed up oh how did he know are you backed up like you wouldn't
believe give us a call at uh with a phone number where your poop is our pleasure
mention the neorodia show we're gonna 10% discount mention the neorodia show
all right i'm gonna 10% discount
yaddi yaddi yaddi with a company name serving southwaters water wastewater and drainage needs since
1970 even the poop people are pooped out they're having problems they're all that's great
and trying to use me in this show for free plug buy some spots okay Joe buy a spot or two
we don't give free commercials on this show schmuck how do you like that
doesn't it leave you like it doesn't surprise me at all although the least it wasn't a complaint or
a critique i'll say that one in a row yeah no that's the the guy also who said he wanted the kosher
meal that was good yes it was Steven sends me a link of Richard prior and George Carlin debating
the inward a link what what am i supposed to do with it where am i supposed to shove that
and you're on your own here we go here we go you won't have the guts to read this this is probably
from Andrew remember right when i said enough already yeah because these people they what they
want to do as soon as i get a little attention they want to turn the whole show into me and then
right they want to be the centerpiece of the show doesn't work that way am i right oh come on
make them the centerpiece of the show i'll grab it off the machine here it says you won't have the
guts to read this on here because it's the truth all you do is bitching moan and beg for emails but
when they come in you tell everyone to stop emailing you have no material to help mail it in so
you're begging plead for listeners to give you material then you rag on them you surround an idiot
the show is old you're old and it sucks i say it's time to give George the spotlight
i can i can't remember the last time i was entertained in this time slot as much as i was on when
George was on last week take my advice you're gonna pretend to hand the show over to George right now
and leave and he's gonna play that crazy word indian music for a second and then you'll come back
no really leave and let George take over already how do you like that that's gotta be uh Andrew
must be because he's the only one that has said stop with so many of the emails great too much i
still won't go too much why i said it still won't go out with him he likes you
all these somebody does he peed on your leg it was warm he wants you to take over the show in fact
you can have it right now i got a couple of errands i got a run i need to change my sock why
because he peed on my leg oh well saving it might be your lucky sock i'll make a puppet out of it
here's one from one who's an occasional emailer not a lunatic doesn't want to be the center
piece of the show doesn't know the difference between sending a couple of emails and just sitting
there over and over and back and forth and back and forth that was you andrew guaranteed
loser i asked him jerka what once happened to sandy paton in this market or any market out of curiosity
he reacted as if i kicked his dog and stole his slice of pizza is there something i don't know
did he have a bad thing or some sort of a thing with this sugar cookie jerka jica loud mouth jerk
it says how do you like that he used to be on her show a lot i know that and you want to know why
because he used to be on my show a lot as a guest right he had a habit of doing that she would steal
my guests sandy like right in the middle of the show yeah right in the middle of the show they
all got to go do the sandy paton show and it would just disappear like that she was just pathetic
six 10 W I O D South Florida's information you all sports authority and welcome back everybody
on sandy paton and we are delighted to have in the studio this morning the number one radio
broadcaster in the country how do you like that have a nice day oh and then what the thing she said
to and bishop that got everybody suspicious was i would love to keep you all to myself and i think
she still got the body she's got her locked away in a vault somewhere maybe she's got and's body
in the basement you think i'd be getting right because that's what sand that's what sandy once told
renairie and boy he hated her like poison i heard that story yeah and he has to have to do
the crossovers with her you know and it puts the lotion in the basket he despised her like poison in
fact everybody in the building hated her except for your friend Cheryl because they they hear that
jappiness factor together you know i see yeah it's like another kind of fraternity that's the
role yes oh yeah let's see a free spot from a plumber named joe i wonder where joe the plumber had
gone to how the mighty of fallen it says joe the plumber you think there's a tie in there
i don't think so this is a real guy with a real name oh here we go
so
this is the same one that we had before the same email exactly that we had before this one from the
fake poll castrenova but the same content about k-rodge and yadda yadda yadda and etc and so on
told you it was the same person what do you mean by that writing half of those things
yeah i think they're only like two or three people that write all the emails maybe one of them
sick today
we'll let better step up pollution elimination corporation
i think i also got an email from them on the myspace where not an email and
notification they don't do emails anymore they do notifications now what is that supposed to
mean it's a different they they just broke it down like in other words in your inbox just goes
the things that people send you like correspondence and then if somebody wants to post a comment for
example this is the same one we had before they go get it whether it's a sad commentary when
a show uh done part time by senior citizen in canada beats anyone said same old crap only this
is now from the fake poll castrenova subject old fruit that's me i'm your old fruit
eat your heart out falling
six-tan w-i-o-d south florida's information and sports authority and welcome back everybody
i'm gonna ask you to come back to the next one
so that's what i'm saying John number one
what's a job? wow you've seen him on channel seven news first as a two-bit reporter now as a two-bit
anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Febaker and Mary Kay combined rick's and chest
hear the dozen tones of the men who brought you crime check rick's and chest
rick's and chest
rick's and chest sings
rick's and chest in his pasty faced or over hylia it's one show you all want to miss
thank for a good one
rick's and chest he loves his audience i accept you as a precious gift from god
damn god
eleven forty five and five sixty w-e-q-m-e are used to be great radio station we used to kick ass
here baby we used to have a signal that you could hear like even across the street
really? even like at the place where what's your name got the waxy wax and brook uh Daniels
ever she got it waxed across the street oh yeah
mad in Miami oh yeah i blocked him because he's annoying
and this email should bear it out more advice more advice
oh mad in Miami is the one who loves the colors remember him right welcome back i hope your
vacation was great mind your was well good for you matt i'm listening to your show and i couldn't
believe i heard you say you would be taking very many phone calls over the next five years
maybe none matt there are a few good colors and the rest are worthless you sound a bit
aggravated day it's all good don't sweat the small stuff lol it's all good well what does that mean
it's all good it's all good you know any of these i'm not the least bit aggravated i don't know
what the hell matt's talking about and do i sound aggravated do you know not to me no i don't
sound aggravated to me either you sound aggravated yeah i am aggravated not too aggravated matt sorry
even even reading your stupid ass email about the colors oh there's a few good colors well what
let us know what you're there going to call in send us a telegram and let us know when those
people are going to call in we'll make appointments for them here's one from the fake jim sarni
what i hear is one line in here out across out but it's pretty maybe out of email list to you
you want to see it yeah go ahead nio you're wrong about one thing joe and his gang of no
nothings aren't trying to destroy your show they're trying to destroy a radio station well hell
of a job joe joe you're doing it from what i hear from the people inside that building
they're doing things never seen in this industry before and then there's a line in here i'm not
going to read because they would go ballistic good luck off to my daily routine of online betting
on horses and fiber shakes from the fake jim sarni thanks thank fake jim
betting on horses and fiber shakes sounds good oh yeah it'll keep you regular i'll tell you that
recto moe you gotta where you depends wouldn't that be a great place that would not be a good place
to get the squirts and to track how about anywhere they have a lot of good public
team rooms there you know go change your underwear it's gonna say throw them away i don't know
what the last time you like it the next time they're there and leave your underwear there in the
right next to the bowl for the next person to really enjoy i've done it yeah yeah when you have one
of those ass accidents an accident that's correct well here's Alice rantell back again
thanks niel that did it for me yeah the sound of ron st john's voice did it for Alice
he was sitting back envisioning shon kacity and getting off on the sound of ron st john's voice
oh what nothing what an image oh here's more bubble love sponge crap and if you're wondering why
i'm reading this even though i know that most people don't care about it it's because that's all i'm
getting you know one thing about the emails what we get that's what i read 99% of it it has to be
really really what has to be like pictures like one of the regulars send me a picture old picture
of johnny and mac by the railroad track or what's left of it i say and that pretty interesting here
i'm gonna hold it up all you people can take a look at it while i'm putting out this next email look
that that impressive oh and i didn't send you that email from jimmy serny no rush
no no i think you want to see it oh i already deleted it it's in your trash if you did it's in your
trash if you did no because i deleted the trash i don't know why you do both of those things
why not because i don't want to have a whole pile of these matter it's not it's not there it's
there but it's not there it's digital man not taking up any space what are you talking about
the old emails just leave them in there if it's anything marginally interesting just don't do leave
them in there leave them in there forever you never know when you might want to refer back to
some old email sometime you never know oh what happened it happens i could fact you that
thing it's not that important because i crossed the line out but you could still read it
tell me about it we'll discuss it before the show tomorrow that's right maybe something to look
forward to there's one thing it's something pretty provocative i'll tell you that okay here's a
long email from the fandom informer subject internal clear channel memo from chris campfire wow
high-all as many of you already know bubbit love sponges expected to bring us indicated
morning show to whtc cubing in january five this represents a significant change in the
makeup of the market and may and time impact a number of stations including some of our hours
his history in the Orlando market is very thin one he did nights on excel many many years ago
two he was on jr r for eight nine months five years ago three he's been hurt on serious
the past few years he'll be starting out with a tiny audience and you have an important
role to play in keeping it tiny his stated voice to talk about other stations and personalities
and sucker them into talking about him on their shows and websites this is how he builds interest in
and awareness for his show his number one priority early in the game we will not be playing this
game and we will not be helping him by telling our listeners about his show we will be waging war
in a number of off-air ways employ many of the tactics that help jr r demolish or rock
please follow these guidelines precisely at all times and you're unless you're directed differently
one there is to be no mention of bubble of sponge and or any other changes at htq in any of your
on air content live or produced two same goes for your website and your personality pages three do not
respond to any press inquiries regarding bubble of sponge and or changes at htq without permission
and direction for your pd or me or linda what if that's linda energy
maybe that's wrong by jan and dean
remember that yep could they sing or what could they bow out a tent of announces sound
for this email is private and confidential communication between your employer and you
I expected to stay private no radio info no scott max well no sharing with former employees
and i work for the competition this email is part of our war tactics and should be shared with
no one outside your team five do not be a sucker let me know if you have any questions and let's
show bubble htq how good our stations are and waging war and satisfying our listeners as criss
at cheek channel i need to like that internal memo that nobody is supposed to have
from the phantom informer no less see it goes to show you if you go through its like the calls if
you go through about five thousand of them you might get one of my people with a while
and obviously that's why bubble started out in the market yesterday talking about everybody in
this market and you know pying on my leg so thinking thinking that would give me to talk about him
he can pee all he wants i'm not impressed only reason i'm talking to him is because he and the
fake beri jackass probably the same person are sending me these emails right right in when what
are we here are we competing with bubble of sponge on this station i hardly think so i hardly
think so from six to tenium we're sports intensive baby where where it's at we got the balls man
we got the balls in the pucks we got the basket balls and the base balls and the foo balls and
hockey pucks and schmucks so we don't give a crap about that part of it but whatever you do don't
love sponge how do you like that from Chris campfire internal clear channel member i think we just
had a big coup here kuchiku whatever happened to christian ashden kuchiku he disappeared no he's
still running around is it every now and again yeah maybe he'll be on dealer no deal what a deal
that's a lot of money honey take the money take the money bitch well mama was just she was
woman at the mouth mama with a green dress yeah oh you got to see that show you have to see that
episode before you die i i've never i really never watched through a whole show with that before
no i never watched a minute of it well why not are you like anti-semitic you don't like how we
mandel i don't anti-semitic you don't watch a lot of game shows especially those ones that those
evening game shows that just applaud just take forever where they ask a one question an hour
like who wants to be a man anyway now that Chris Baker got his gig back and he's back to full
time and he's got his benefits and whatever else uh so he didn't get screwed after all Chris what i
call him Chris Baker Chris Whalum fat fat Chris whatever you seen one fat Chris you seen him all
now that that took place that means that i would like you to name me one non-ju who's gotten the screw
from this regime i'm thinking there was any k there was hank there was uh ken maulden there was me
allyson allyson name me one goi oh Miguel oh yeah but that was in the very beginning that that was
for different reason now that was because he was and they replaced him with the jews matter fat see
so they're going to your theory yeah but maybe replace him with the jew from who was attached to
joseas see there yeah he likes jew very much you'll see you'll see uh flees flees uh future is not
spoken for yet like he keeps concerning with us that's for sure yeah well like i said
the fact that he even speaks to us that's not good not a good omen in the joe bill songbook trust me
this is mark morgan is the 12 to one hour on q a m
good by i o d the memories all that's left of a station that once had been and for a m that was quite a
clay cox and pax and were insane to blow it all in when they build those condos and block that tower off
you'll be lower down into your grave absolutely and you were great at one time but now you sound more
like a signal drifting in the wind wow and you'll never see numbers you can sell again
yeah
yet clear channel knows what they're doing or so they think but no one's listening anymore
because they really stay
good by i o d let go of reggaard skip the poop the rest of that retardant team that remains
a pack and so rich here channel has a scheme but it's clear to see that despite all their
corporate and dignity can hide the fact without deal they got a crappy deal
and you were great at one time but now you sound more like a signal drifting in the wind
and you'll never see numbers you can sell again
rock solid yet clear channel knows what they're doing or so they think but no one's listening anymore
because they really stay
everything got to be simple in the kind of morning baby all right what more could you want
oh no did you get the facts i just sent you no it didn't come through yet
no wait is it percolating
it had a jam what it had a jam oh come on are you kidding me it says printing yeah this is the
email from the fake jam started that you need to make a noise it's read a sentence that
where i crossed it out okay don't read it out loud loud though i think you'll get a chuck a lot of it
is it doing anything here it is in my hand and wait you see that sentence where it's crossed out no
this is a different oh boy i'm gonna have a backlog of facts is not because of that paper jam
oh jesus christ this is the josh quarters looks really personal well i just got one from josh
quarters the real one welcome back to you let's a new year in the new month where's my check
i hope that bad bastard christ likes getting up at three a.m. for work while i'm just
getting home from a night of drunken debauchery increasing a one a hugs and kisses to Brandon says
josh it's him it's the real one no yeah it is no not well who cares not me so what do you just
get for the real josh i got spam oh it's some sort of a drivers license thing which probably
read it on the year all this private information wow why is that uh just to be bastards
you mean somebody sent his drivers license information i don't know he's got some uh thing going
on here i have no idea it's insurance it's insurance stuff oh well smith can add or put it over
in a pile okay so when it comes to the side yeah that's right set it off to the side get to
the important one here we go you got it got it now you're reading that line that's crossed out
silently to yourself
told you what did i tell you hmm smells good
wow hope they don't burn it
you
tell your fat ass buddy jolly joe that if if he when he gets in the new car you'll turn that
facts over to him yeah that just threw it away you did yeah why did you do that okay i'm gonna
frame it put it up on the frame it put it up on the wall in the front door downstairs put it on
the elevator door so everybody can see it George like my suggestion says surely that when you
retire he would go to north carolina to be a recluse with god guns dogs in pot that's right he
heard it's not on the pool so surely not we're gonna put that on here i sure will
north carolina recluse with god guns dogs in pot i'm actually moving to the yak to become a
recluse it's much of what the yak mountain range in northwestern Montana yak they want it there
way more reclusive really makes where ted kazansky was living look like chicago downtown
let me just tell the audience right now George is one of those guys i've known him a long time
that one day he'll just go off you know one of these guys that'll give a shot come
whole bunch of ammunition stuff it's funny all my friends who've known me for years also say
the same thing oh yeah one of these days he'll just he'll lose it
because under that mild mannered exterior that's right is a simmering boiling pot of anger still
waters run deep that's correct 739 on the pool our goal is whatever we get we don't do no more
goals whatever we get we get that was all silly that was all fat Chris
here's one an email that says how ironic listening to that bit one ended up happening was that
huge high rises were built around the wq amp towers in downtown mommy instead and now the
q amp signal sucks meanwhile www signal is stronger than ever how ironic huh huh huh yeah
isn't that ironic it is no i thought maybe we're like we read you that email
in my brain didn't that kind of like set you a back it's cute what it surprised you don't
know nothing in that joint would surprise me in fact that first part the part that i read on
your about stuff going on in that building that's never been seen in the business before i believe
that i have never ever seen any management people try so desperately to fail and i still think
that maybe these people run the payroll across the street or for some other company because they
sure can't they can't be serious if you've heard an expression no pun intended
are they seriously trying to promote this place and make this place succeed
huh hmm uh-huh oh that's right you want that car that's right and it's a lunchtime jolly
jose in the car right now cranking this thing up real real out oh gee i think Neil's gonna rip
oh oh oh i love our deal Neil oh oh yeah
icky pop says i was looking for an elegant coma somebody turned me on to the article from cnn.com
he says he moved to Miami in search of peace and convenience
oh this is just great it's an interview with him do you care about a g-pop no he's a
he's a ass neither is anybody else but it's just the interview being about Miami
along with his band the studio is icky pop invented punk rock and his outrageous onstage annexive
inspired countless wannabes after years and excess the godfather of punk moved to Miami in search of
peace cnn's travel show my city my life caught up with him to talk about music inspiration and
in life in his favorite city Miami cnn what made you move to Miami icky pop i was fed up after 25
years in huge dark media center cities i decided to find a house and move here i was looking for
something in kind of an elegant coma elegant coma with a lot of peace and convenience
cnn is Miami similar to you as a person he says my me is nothing like me and that's why i need to be
here it's the opposite i'm practical where is this place is moody i'm stalled my stalled my interior
where this place has a certain flare i'm materialistic uh in a sense that this place is fundamentally
spiritual there's a quick silver quality about this place how would you describe Miami's personality
icky pop says my me is a hell of a good town to eat a banana
you think that's enough of this yeah i had enough before he started no
he's an egotistical ass with a couple good songs he did not invent punk rock
but hey icky how you doing out there yeah it's it's ponderous but i thought it would kill some good
time but it would kill some old that listen it you thought we were in the time killing business before
oh we are now we're gonna slaughter it now
get your hogs out maybe we're gonna butcher some hogs
not quite the way bubbled it on the over in Tampa wasn't it his claim to fame that they
butcher a hog on the air something like that
he's butchering the serious audience now is basically what they're saying
but talk about him a lot here's one
uh oh aida remember aida sure now what is aida bin aida banana
high-neil how's it going all on my spit compadre George hope you had a great new year
you all it was okay sorry to hear how the cold when he came down here it was probably the smokey
german-fested machines at hard rock only thing i like about that place are the restaurants and
the clubs the machines don't play Schmidt they don't pay but for some reason my boyfriend loves
wheel of fortune i wonder why and likes to play the quarter schlotz oh no oh no they don't have a
quarter wheel of fortune at high rock aida i had at least not the real ones they have those phony ones
i wonder where they got all those those hybrid machines you know those make believe ones that are
i don't know the hybrid machine store no seriously i mean you don't see those like in a real casino
i had to miss fortune of watching that pathetic dolphin game on sunday up close
funny thing in halftime i went to get a refreshment notice a guy in front of me
after every item he ordered would yell ho ho ho and turn the walk away i noticed his gentle
singing out please the big old blows bring back the big bro at least he had energy come an atcher
like that thanks aida oh yeah he had energy come an atcher he said he blows
oh here's see here's filled back again i told you he can't he can't make up his mind whether
he wants to be like a contribute something or just be a pain in the ass and bug me with his sports
teams my team is better than your team all that stuff just leaves me limp man it doesn't impress me
it just it impresses me that whoever is saying it's an idiot an overgrown child who belongs in
the sandbox fill my team is better than your team i'm the one who tell you that my team sucks
the leafs blow they suck they stink i told you that before the season started i'll tell you
that right now but that doesn't make me less of a fan after 50 years ranges ranges okay let's
see this negative one from fill arc who you know it says prana's not a complainer critique no
just another stuch tonight the panther skate against your overrated franchise the mape leaves
the toronto media killed Brian mccabe mercilessly for a long time and now that he's gone to the
panther she's excelling i'm not a panther fan but follow the sport i delight in seeing toronto
languishes a franchise i see they're languishing as a franchise that way every game is sold out
and that's why they were married to the most valuable team in the nhl them and the rangers ranges
in fact my favorite team is the Montreal canadiens old figures frog obviously the greatest team in
sport next to the anchors wrong so how do you explain mccabe playing good with the sorry
ass panthers are not your maple leaves he wasn't good enough for the leaves i guess
overrated living on reputation you know he was mailing it in fill you know what that's all
his name dude just
you
I saw your dresses on the plating field.
If I can see it, then I can do it.
If I just believe it, then there are my jaw hairs.
I'm a big petafry.
I believe I can touch your feet.
You can see it on video tape.
Don't get it wrong more than try to raise.
If I're parrots from home.
You see me running through that open door.
I'm a big petafry.
I'm a big petafry.
I'm a big petafry.
Kov-18 at 560 WDQAM.
Neal at Nearoges.com.
Keep those emails.
Pour it in.
They're trickling.
Are they?
I think by tomorrow it would be like back to normal.
Okay.
You think?
Let's hope.
I'm looking in that outlook expressed right now.
You see what I got?
Nothing.
Right.
764 on your poll though.
And let's see.
Did you add that one about moving to North Carolina?
I moved to Montana and become a recluse.
There you go.
Sorry, Shirley.
He wants to move to Montana.
I mean, if it's a fantasy anyway.
With Hannah.
Here's one from the fake field Henry who says,
who knew serious was going to pay Bubba to repeat his FM show?
You think they would have paid us to do the same?
I don't know.
I'm not on FM.
From the fake field Henry.
You think they, they wouldn't have paid us a dime.
Well, we know Neil needs money and we're fresh out.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
We're fresh out.
Hello, but job by the way, Norma.
And speaking of Nudniks, Joe is back from a pollution elimination corporation.
Second plug please.
It says.
Second try.
And the answer is still.
No.
It says you already know when we say your poop is our pleasure.
We mean it.
But did you know when you take a dump will come pump?
You know who this is from?
No, who?
PD Lenny.
Oh.
That last sentence, uh, then give away.
Did you know when you take a dump will come pump guaranteed from him?
It sounds like uh, his humor.
Yeah.
No job is too big.
No smell is too bad.
So whether it stormed rains, pump stations, greased rafts or some guys pee on your leg like George,
you can clean, we can clean it up.
Call us so and so ask for Joe and I don't mean that any Joe the plumber.
Nice try Joe and the answer is still a resounding.
No.
No.
No chance.
Norwegian doctors as Israel is intentionally targeting civilians.
This is in the middle of my pile of 8,000.
Israel stories.
Yeah.
This one by David Edwards and Steven Webster.
I think I'm going to spin some wax between one and two hot wax.
Yeah.
Well, no, because we're obviously not going to have like any emails.
I'll start making some of them.
I'm not going to take any calls.
I'm not going to the very first day.
I know I've done it a million times.
I'm not going to go back and.
Oh, here's this one.
It says, can you please stop interrupting the show with all this nonsense?
I tune in so I can hear those fascinating riveting opinion pieces about Israel read by you waiting all day for them.
And now you won't even read them.
Oh, this is where the slash is again.
This is the same one with a phone number.
They made me so excited.
I can't wait for them.
I have no doubt you'll get a 90's year if you read them.
They were like, you're right.
They're like three people that sent all the emails.
Very sad.
Well, you're going to be pleased because I'm going to read a couple now or at least one promise.
They're bombing one and a half million people in a cage.
It says.
Mads Gilbert and Norwegian doctor working in Gaza told Sky News on Monday that he believes Israel is deliberately attacking the Palestinian population.
Not just targeting Hamas, Israeli authorities and said numerous times.
Just a little bit more than an hour ago, the Israelis bombed the central food market in Gaza City.
And we had a mass influx of about 50 injured between 10 and 15 killed, said Gilbert, on the phone with Sky News.
At the same time, they bombed an apartment house with children playing on the roof.
And we had a lot of children also.
This is really like from Donnie's and Furnow.
It's like hell here now.
And it's been bombing all night.
Up till now close to 500 people have been killed.
And the number of casualties is getting to two to two and a half thousand with 50% of which are women and children.
Are your hospitals reaching capacity as to Sky News course?
Sponak and you deal with these people?
We've been doing surgery around the clock, Gilbert replied.
I just talked to one of my colleagues in the ICU.
Hasn't been sleeping for three days.
And the hospital is completely overcrowded.
And we're running six seven ORs and there are injuries you just don't want to see in this world.
Children coming in with their abdomens and legs cut off.
We just had a child who left.
We had to amputate both legs in the arms and the only crime they've done is been civilians.
Palestinian's living in Gaza.
The relief now is not for, is not more doctors and more drugs relief now.
It's to stop the bombing immediately.
This cannot go on.
It's a disaster.
You think Joe Bell had a partner and it's a disaster.
You've talked about the civilians, the women and the children, the men who aren't involved in this.
But you also are getting casualties that are Hamas fighters.
The leaders have to be Porter.
To be honest, we came on New Year's even a morning answer, Gilbert.
I've seen one military person among the tens, I mean hundreds, and we've seen them treated.
So anybody who's tries to claim this is sort of a clean war against another army are lying.
This is an all-out war against the civilian Palestinian population in Gaza.
And we could prove that with the numbers and you have to remember that the average age of the Gaza inhabit in the 17 years.
It's a very young population, 80% are living below the poverty limit of the UN.
So this is a poor and very young people.
They're able to escape absolutely nowhere because they can't flee like other populations can't award time.
Because they're fenced in and they're in a cage.
So they're bombing one and a half million people in a cage.
And young people and poor people.
And you know, you can't separate between the civilians and fighters in such a situation.
I'm dying over here.
Yeah.
The Jews in the Arabs, baby, the Arabs and the Jews.
Oh, they're standing.
They're going to attack those people.
Danny and Jimmy.
They shouldn't have started throwing them stones.
Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Jimmy.
766 on your world famous poll about your future.
And anybody who's working for this company for beastly, uh, yeah, anybody thinking about a future.
Forget about it.
The sports leader.
Sure.
Oh, God.
Henry, Henry, Henry.
He's the right up that accountable of crime and peace derives on the traveling Neocons.
This is your throwing skills and don't the pathetic mongoloids.
Throw your shoes.
Throw a pie.
Throw monkey dogs.
Don't the national idiot until he tells you everything he knows.
Which won't take long at all.
So what if we got to issue him?
Am I friends we have chainy the suits there who can predict your fate with one glance into his tiny balls?
And then that can see your family.
They are built and died as you will.
There's only so much time left to better do do.
Don't miss the traveling Neocons.
Hopefully appearing in a federal penitentiary soon.
You fairy.
1229. Don't forget when jet bush runs for the Senate.
Peanak, project for the new American.
Oh, yeah.
He's one of the movers and tracers that he's a Neocon specialist.
They just can't wait to get his ass back in there.
No more bush.
Of course, the Democrats will put somebody, you know, some layman's up against it.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Some mugwom.
Okay, we got a few emails here.
Jimmy says I made the mistake of tuning into Howard's stir in this morning.
When several callers complained about Bubba's show Howard couldn't have cared less.
When told that paying subscribers were now getting four days of nothing,
but Bubba's terrestrial show replay.
And only one day of live uncensored content.
Howard suggested that Bubba's fans get over it and get a life.
After nearly three decades of fighting censorship,
Howard now fully endorses ripping off customers who thought they were getting better content.
I'm going to go get some more cough drops in the other room.
Okay, what?
Okay, we can wait till the break, can it?
Okay, I hope so.
No, I better go get them now.
I'm serious.
I'm going to fail to see the shame all around for the color.
We're going to see broken hearts still melting the fire.
And time I've a problem.
Okay, I'm back.
But now I got to take cough drop.
I thought you'd play more music.
Oh, there you go.
Remember that is my mouth now.
Remember that email is that that's it.
About what?
Oh, I don't know.
You had to touch the other time.
Oh, yeah.
We had touched this.
That?
Anyway, his replays of old shows from Terrestrial on Sirius were insulting enough.
But now he seems to be just fine with giving some subscribers free water down radio for 13 bucks a month.
He even had the nerve to say, the stock is 12 cents what do you want from us?
And you're only paying 43 cents a day, get over it.
At this rate soon, no one on Howard's channels will do a live show.
They'll just put a box of cat turds in front of a microphone and occasionally play a few fart noises.
Howard, please die in a fire you think you have mastered.
Well, Jimmy's a little bit p.o.
A little bit.
Call the old bait and swish, baby.
Rick says Rick and your field beach just turned a few minutes ago crying you weren't getting any emails.
Here is one happy new year.
Well, happy new year to you Rick.
See somebody nice nice guy, not exciting.
We're like taking very much time, but nevertheless if we had 50,000 of those then it would kill all the time till two o'clock.
We're in the time killing business.
We're here to kill four hours in the middle of the day every day for the last hundred years.
And still doing it in spite of all the odds, man.
Kevin says seems to me the only thing different between the Israeli Hamas conflict,
which leads to the casualties is that Israel rockets hit what they're aiming at most of the time.
Yeah, I sorry, I guess is that making kosher?
I guess so.
That they got better aim and then I'm just lobbing those primitive rockets across the board.
Uh huh.
And take most of which land in the middle of the desert and don't hit anything.
Let me say it again, it's stones against bombs.
Not that I have any love for the Hamas or any militant lunatics, but the fact that the matter is they're killing all these innocent people.
Oh, well, don't don't confuse the facts.
Here's one that will give you a real laugh.
All right subject. It's only theater.
Hello, Uncle Neil.
Oh, from Steve Canyon, allegedly.
Do you believe it?
No, no, I'm planning to do it.
Would you ever believe any email I got was real from anybody?
No.
How about if I got it from you?
No.
You sent me one this morning that was some pretty funny crap.
In fact, Eric put that on our website.
I know. Let me check.
It's a guy, I'm about a guy who's doing a, what is it? A religious talk show?
Yeah, cable access religious talk show.
Right. And he's got a guy on the phone who's like swearing and blurting and going to bag.
Yeah, bag this and fact that and he can't, he can't get rid of the guy.
He can't, he can't get the guy off the phone.
He keeps hitting the phone buttons and taking the phone apart and he just can't get the guy off the air.
It's a beautiful thing.
Anyway, hello uncle Neil.
I'm playing to do a show on you.
My producer and I have secured, you secured Gilbert, the job of guy, as well as many others for a round table discussion.
Great.
If you care to call in or better yet attend, I and Brian, I and Brian will make all arrangements for you.
I have also spoken to Mr. Kent regarding this show idea. Best of the new year.
Yeah, you too, Mr. Invisible.
Too bad it's not from the real Steve. Oh, it could be.
But you say no.
No.
Lots of shame.
Because that was my last emails.
Let me look at, oh no, not my last email.
Here's a press, a press release from the Slavic Gospel Association celebrates 75 years of ministry.
How about you?
Everybody wants to hear that?
Oh, don't, don't, oh, this is a different Joe.
I thought this was going to be Joe, the guy looking for the free spot again.
Oh, although Joe out of standby because, huh?
Not another Joe.
Nobody wants another Joe.
75 on the pole. Our goal is 800.
When we get to 800, I'm bailing out.
Got it, got it.
Well, this was one nasty ass cold I got down there.
I'm so allergic to that.
You got an ass cold.
An ass cold?
You said a nasty ass cold.
I think so.
You need thicker pain.
Right.
Joe, not the plumber says high-neil and George.
A belated happy birthday just kidding, but a belated happy new year.
I'm glad to rack up another year listening to your show and I thank you for playing the old bits last month, including my requests.
At a time when humor appears to be lacking, it's good to know a place to go for some real laughs.
Or some fake laughs.
Or some canned laughs is always good too, like that one.
Now, let me ask you this before I finish Joe's email.
Where did that come from?
I mean, I know it's the babbling brook, but where did we get that?
She did that on her show and I stole it.
Oh, you stole it.
One of our contributors, I should say, because you know how all of us producers in that place, we were all kind of friends, and we would hang out and drink beers and things like that.
And every once in a while, if somebody said there did something funny on another radio show, they would give it to me.
They would say, oh, you got to have this or I think Neil would get a kick out of that or you guys should be playing this.
Oh, we sure got a lot of mileage out of that.
Let me turn to that.
With or without her waxy buildup.
One of the great radio stories of all time is how PD volged her right into her and that lube place.
She was getting her car lubeed.
At least I think it was her car across the street from us.
Right.
Right across on 441.
And we hired her right there on the spot.
How do I buy a PD?
What do I ever happen to PD Volger?
The vows up 62, by the way, for that guy before was predicting me a doom and gloom.
I bet you one of our fake emailers wouldn't know.
No, what?
What happened to PD Volger?
Oh, and what happened to a babbling brook?
That too?
Anyway, Joe goes on to say while others are consumed in mediocre humor such as Dave Berry.
I reach for the AM actually the computer and tune in to the old man and a Cuban.
By the way, anything by Krapco is fine with me.
A big mix of Lewis.
Oi to you.
Joe, not the plumber.
Thanks, Joe.
How did they, how did they know that we're going to change the name of the show to?
What crap?
The old guy in the Cuban.
I like that.
The fisherman in the, what was it?
The fisherman in the what?
And the sea?
The old fisherman in the sea.
I don't know.
Hemingway, a real drunk.
What was the big deal with him?
He was just a drunk.
I don't know, yeah.
Drunken slob.
Of course, I didn't read any of the books.
I didn't either.
If I did, maybe they were great.
They might have been.
All your kids out there, people try to make you read a bunch of boring books like Shakespeare and crap like that.
Just throw it in their face, say, this is a bunch of crap.
You read it.
Hey, I like Shakespeare.
Why?
He had a lot of dirty humor.
Oh, I like him too, that Romeo and Juliet.
See?
What was his name, Leo?
Leonard Whiting.
Leonard Whiting.
That was on again just the other day.
Was it really?
Was he still as pretty as he was before with him?
She was.
I'll tie it on.
Olivia Hussie.
You know, I don't know how they kept the population going because it seems to me.
I could be wrong, but, and I'm obviously am wrong.
But with all the layers of clothing they used to wear.
Yeah, but they wore cod pieces, you know.
There was nothing on the other side of that piece, you know.
There was nothing on the other side of the cod piece?
Well, just the cod.
Sounds fishy to me.
No question.
And what about the ladies?
They had layers of layers.
Well, hey, listen.
Where there's a world there's a way.
I see.
Even like the, in the colonial days of the USA.
And then how about back in the days when he had all the,
all the, all the British guys all, all dressed up with their like nights at the roundtable?
Yeah.
All the nights.
They had like all that armor on and stuff like that.
How do you get all of us?
Lay us a clothing on.
I didn't wear that to bed, you know.
Jesus, got all mighty.
Maybe that explains why the Brits became what they are today.
And you know what they are today?
The Blankettian.
And say it on the air.
He's all keeping a rger.
Howard David's a bitch.
The parody of Michael Sinatra06.
How is everything going along the scoring world?
I was here.
Here's Sean Cassidy.
No, down there.
Hey, daddy.
Hey, daddy.
Hey, son, baby.
C'mon, baby.
Now do that for me, son, baby.
Let's try this.
I need you.
Yep, Sean need you.
Sean died.
Okay.
I'll try this one.
There was a farmer in coldest ice.
Ah!
Not now.
Help.
Just do that.
Wow.
What's happening here?
Okay, I'll try this one.
Sean, you're done?
Evans.
Okay.
Here's KISS.
K-R-K-E.
No!
Evans!
Nobody likes me this morning.
Oh, mate!
What's happening here?
Okay, we'll try this one.
This is Casey in the Sunshine Band, ladies and gentlemen.
And it's get down tonight.
Yeah, that's 61, Kate.
Stop!
Damn!
What happened?
Ah, now these things work.
Let's see here.
Don Panic.
Never panic in the radio business, folks.
Uh, apparently, I can't play any music.
All right?
We'll forget those.
We'll try one of these.
This is Kansas.
Whoop, mate.
I love it.
I wish I'd know what was going on here.
It'd be, uh, it'd help me out some a little bit.
We're gonna try and play Kansas and Dust in the Wind at 308.
This is Mike Olson.
K-R-K-E.
Well, I think that one played, yeah.
Give it a little whistle.
I haven't played that for a long time.
I know how that sounds.
That's not a bit.
Right.
It's for real.
But where the hell did that ever come from?
That I didn't know.
Wow.
It was on a cart, I can tell you that.
It was on a cart just like one of the most famous calls in the history of talk radio.
You know what I'm talking about?
No.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
Yes, is this Mr. Rogers?
Speaking.
Mr. Rogers.
Uh, Reverend Jones here and, uh...
Now, how many years ago was that?
100?
200, not long enough.
You know, I'd have phone-le.
If only what?
If that's the only call they made.
Oh, yeah.
They would have been made.
We had the drop and everything would be fine, but no.
Two things they could have done.
They could have made that call.
And they could have said...
You're gay.
And that would have been it.
It would have been fine.
Mm-hmm.
It would have been great.
Just like...
I'm dying out of here.
He never gave us any other calls, you know?
Or like...
Like that.
Forget about the calls.
Pretend...
I mean, when you're on, obviously, you're going to take calls.
That's your thing.
Right.
I'm not going to...
What?
I'm not going to burn out on it yet.
I've been going to burn out on it out on since Joe Bell came to town.
This is the same guy who said,
Oh, the tapes on Friday, Neil, the tapes on Friday.
And, by the way, is that part of my deal I don't work on Friday?
No, that was going to be.
Yeah.
And then he wanted to play tapes, best dumb jokes.
And I said, no, George can do Fridays.
It'll be just fine.
No, I think they should have done tapes.
Phil Latzman says,
Bolger is a W-O-A-I.
That's in San Antonio.
Good place for him.
PD Bolger.
What a piece of turd.
What a corporate ladder climbing ass sucking piece of turd.
PD Bolger.
The assassin, how many lives did he run?
30 men.
At least.
Of course, Joe Bell is right on his heels.
Destroying lives, destroying careers, destroying shows, radio stations.
You name it.
Is there any doubt about it?
No.
Sorry, it wasn't mostly.
No, that's right. You don't want that car.
Let me know, by the way, the day that he tells you when that car is coming.
That's right.
That's the way she said it.
Dan in Longwood.
Uh, who ever know he's writing a book.
Dan, who's another one of these guys, easily when he writes, he gives me crap about,
Oh, my team, this and your team, L, L out of the crap.
I'll use sports there in order to, oh, there's the sirens coming to take Dan away.
You hear him?
Mm-hmm.
They're coming to take Jolly Jo away.
Oh, God, when I pray for that day, what I wouldn't give.
Dan in Longwood says, and today he's a very serious, I guess.
He's writing a book.
I'm sure dealing with South Florida idiots every day has he wishing for retirement yesterday,
but I was wondering once you do retire, where will you live?
Would you be in Toronto full time?
Are you going to be a seasonal traveler?
I know you're like going overseas, so I was just curious if you're going to get out of Toronto for the winners.
South Florida probably isn't an option since it's one of the worst places in the country to live.
Thanks so much and smooches his Dan in Longwood.
My team's better than your team.
Usually he speaks.
He's not Dan.
He speaks.
I said, now he's just Dan's.
He speaks.
What?
He speaks.
No, he speaks.
Ah.
That's his handle.
Speaks.
John and Lake Worth says, glad you're back.
Happy New Year and all of that crap.
I've heard you mentioned before that you don't have very many filbits.
I don't.
And I don't want to have a, it's not the Phil Henry shirt.
Got a couple CDs right back here behind me.
Do you?
Yeah.
I just found a copy of the best of 94 CD he did for center one.
Some okay stuff on it.
Great bit about how Steve Nicholas keeping you in line about how Wayne Heisenga and Jimmy Johnson, etc.
I also have his fourth of July 50 best bits on cassette.
Long copies.
If George wants to copy, have him email me.
You know, he doesn't want him.
I don't either.
It's not nothing against Phil.
It's just, are you sure?
No, we don't need his stuff to, um, this time if I send them, he needs to send them back.
He never did send back my Bob and Tom CD.
He just getting George.
Let me know, John O'Leary, Quirth.
Did you ever send it back?
Is Bob and Tom?
No, I got it ready.
Yeah.
No, of course we're not going to send anything back.
No, seriously, I mean people loan you stuff and say, oh, but I need to have it back.
If you need to have it back, don't give it to me.
Don't let go of it.
You get out of the back, I think.
Have what you find it.
Bob and Tom?
Yeah.
A lot of dirty stuff on there that we can't claim already ripped it.
And that they can't claim number one.
I said, how's it going, eh?
802 votes on the pool, not too bad, not spectacular, but not real bad.
When Neil hangs up his microphone or, um, himself for good, what will George do?
Start his own show, 202.
I'm sure Jolly Joe is sitting there with a pen in the paper right now.
Get ready to sign your ass up.
That's right.
Didn't he say when he signed your contract that, uh, you know, in two, three years they might have other plans for you?
Yeah, big plans like walking the plank.
No, seriously, can you say that?
He said something like that.
You are so evasive, man.
Yeah.
He said that'll give a chance to evaluate my, uh, you know, abilities as a talk show host.
He's going to evaluate you as a talk show.
He's going to evaluate everything on the ear.
They're going to put the Kenny and Bloor morning show on the ear.
And what's his name?
Jerks.
What's his name?
Jerks.
Start his own show, 203.
Get a real job on 72.
Go home and wait for something to happen.
167.
Become a full time drug dealer.
69.
Lot of money in that white powder.
So I heard.
Commit suicide.
47.
Join the roller derby.
43.
Become a panhandler.
27.
Become a carny.
26.
Like art.
I become a male hooker.
24.
Become a pim.
16.
And move to Montana.
Become a recluse.
9.
Oh, I thought that was going to move up there.
They don't know you well, huh?
No, they don't.
That was going to move up there like a rocket.
Like if I won the lottery or something.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Dear Neil God.
Okay.
Let me, let me print this out.
It's short, but I, you know, my blood sugar is really high.
It's bad because I'm, uh, eating all these cough drops with sugar.
How come you're not eating the no sugar right?
I'm not eating the no sugar.
I'm not eating the no sugar.
I'm not eating the no sugar.
I'm not eating the no sugar.
I'm not eating the no sugar.
I'm not eating the no sugar.
I'm not eating the no sugar.
I'm not eating the no sugar.
I'm not eating the no sugar.
I'm not eating the no sugar.
I'm not eating the no sugar.
I'm not eating the no sugar.
I'm not eating the no sugar.
I'm not eating the no sugar.
I'm not eating the no sugar.
I'm not eating the no sugar.
Jeff says, love you.
Love your show.
Deer and eel God.
Keep the bubble updates coming.
My daily listening pleasures include Howard in the morning.
Neel God.
Ten it to and Bubba in the afternoon.
My alarm clock goes off to fat Paul.
This morning he was talking about.
Chinese man.
Coincidence, I think.
Not.
Chinese man.
So help me God.
If he said that.
You tub of crap.
Castanola.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
Chinese man.
You haven't, when you fart, it smells like somebody else's fart.
I hate this place.
I'm a little bit scared.
I hate this place.
I hate this place.
I hate this place.
I hate this place.
I hate this place.
I hate this place.
I hate this place.
I hate this place.
I hate this place.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
It's the water to two hours.
Now at Central Park in New York City.
The scariest, most adrenaline pumping rise to hit the country in decades.
It's the Wall Street roller coaster.
Hang on to your seat.
Hang on to your wallet.
And get ready to lose your ass.
Five on the roller coaster now is Rupert.
Age 58, seeing his retirement saving.
He's been out of control on the Wall Street roller coaster.
Here's 47-year-old Marjorie after investing her life savings in AIG riding the Wall Street
roller coaster.
And here's an elderly couple, Maris and Pearl, watching their fixed income go copsy
on the Wall Street roller coaster.
Welcome, Chalcedas.
It's a ride that you'll remember for the rings of your eye.
What there is of it.
Seems Brittany Spears legal team has finally had enough.
Senator Hillary Clinton was truly emotional at a midday event in Dover.
police arrive at Britney's home where they were puttently hear her giggling hysterically inside a locked bathroom.
A possible break during the two-month-old virus ride.
Roger Clemens fires back the baseball grade to nice charges of using steroids in human growth hormone.
Fortamactone Roma who did not play very well against the giants is getting blasted in Dallas for
spending last weekend in Cabo with girlfriend and bad luck charm Jess at the Simpson.
Britney Spears still isn't allowed to visit her children.
A fighting for the Democratic leave Obama and Clinton took the gloves off.
New England Patriots are going to be 18 and 0 going into the Super Bowl.
The giants are going to the Super Bowl.
Roll the Boston Globe is so confident the Patriots will win the Super Bowl.
Their sports staff has already written a book about the team's perfect 19-year-old season.
The giants will win the Super Bowl.
It's day four for Britney Spears and UCLA Medical Center on involuntary psychiatric whole.
Amy Winehouse they've tried to make a go to rehab and now she has.
Hillary Clinton knows she has to turn the tie.
349 for a gallon of regular, unlettered gas,
Tysa Record. New York Governor Elliott Spitzer
apologizes after being linked to a major prostitution ring.
Former Beatle Paul McCartney is paying big time to settle his divorce with Heather Mills.
Senator Hillary Clinton is backing away from her story that she came under
sniper fire during a trip to Bosnia as her lady.
Richie Zemboa the lead guitarist for Banzhouby is out of jail this morning after being arrested for drum driving.
We now know who the Democratic nominee is going to be and no one's going to dispute it.
Three tornadoes of left neighborhoods in southeast Virginia,
devastated. Miley Cyrus Toplis.
If the Democratic nomination battle is supposedly over,
somebody forgot to tell Hillary Clinton.
All right day two of the R Kelly Child Frenography Tribes.
Senator Edward Kennedy has been diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor.
It was so hot outside Amy Winehouse,
smoking a crack circle.
The one week from today Barack Obama hopes to have enough delegates to become the Democratic nominee.
The unveiling of the iPhone 2.0.
At least two dozen people have been hospitalized after eating contaminated raw tomatoes.
As a result of his sudden and unexpected death,
he's being warned like a precedent or a pope to muster died on Friday just 58 years old.
Triple A reports the average price of unlettered regular is now 4.07.
He taught us what we can't say on television and where we should put all the stuff
we have. Comic-Guy Con George Carlin has passed away.
You're not the only one getting hit by high gas prices.
Many prostitution houses are also hurting.
Some media reports had suggested A-Rod may be romantically linked with singer Madonna.
330 active wildfires in California.
And thousands of homes are threatened, although not nearly as many homes
are threatened by countrywide.
Moregit Triple A says the national average for unlettered
regular is about 4.11 a gallon.
And how does your boys have to agree to a $52 billion takeover?
Mortgage giants Fannie Bay have pretty back
are getting help from the Treasury Department of bailout.
Amcena and Quizini will be off limits at some restaurants
during next month's Olympic Games in Beijing.
General Motors is in trouble.
But Farve says he doesn't feel welcome in Green Bay.
An Angelina Jolie news and the baby twins will they finally
less the hospital in East France over the weekend.
Senator John McCain is jumping all over Obama.
Former presidential hopeful John Edwards is now responding to a tabloid report
that he had an affair.
Edwards says this is simply not true.
You're not allowed to streak in Beijing for the Olympics.
Federal investigators wants to know what Marikate Ashland knows about the death
of her friend Heath Ledger.
One of the most important qualities in the next
president of the United States is to be very very very old.
The woman John Edwards says he had the fair with is refusing to have
a paternity test on her young child.
Women's theme on Michael Feltz Plus for perfection.
I'm a hockey mom from Alaska.
David Bucumbian has voluntarily checked himself into a rehab facility for
sex addiction.
You can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska.
John Leffontane, who was arguably the best voiceover guy ever has passed away.
Tom Leffontane got right on the knee.
You can put lipstick on a pig.
It's still a pig.
United Airlines is doubling its fee to check a second bag on domestic flights.
Clayagan makes the most unsurprising announcements in years.
Yep, I'm gay.
McCain doesn't think the current bailout proposal will pass.
We're a couple of mavericks.
Gosh darn it.
Obama has his first clear lead over John McCain.
Paul Lumin's legacy will live on for years.
The Dow dropped on those 780 points.
The raise move on to the world series to take on the Philadelphia Philly.
Sarah Palin going rogue.
Governor Sarah Palin is still defending herself over the 150,000
dollar wargrab the Republican National Committee of Water.
And CNN cannot project if Barack Obama, 47 years old,
will become the president elect of the United States.
We know the challenges that tomorrow will break.
The greatest of our lifetime.
Leaders from the big three automakers will back on Capitol Hill today,
working to secure a massive bailout.
The art giant star receiver, Plexco Burris, is being charged with a crime
after shooting himself in the leg.
The deadly faceoff in Dubai, India, continues to unfold.
Las Vegas jugs, Jackie Glass rejected, since insipology,
and sentenced him up to 33 years in prison.
Nationwide average for a gallon of regular and littered is now $1.72.
Oprah Winfrey opens the mouth of recent weight gain.
Michael Jackson's famous littering glove is going on the auction block.
The house has passed the big three auto bailout bill.
It's time to be so bad.
It's on hand today for the new Trump trailer park.
That's not bad.
Yeah.
For all landside, like in for all landside.
We'll take a cup of kindness, yet for all landside.
Wow.
How many times did you play that last week?
None.
You didn't play it?
Once, once, once.
Oh.
I know you better than that.
You wouldn't have played it.
There were a couple of other long bits that I...
Were there?
You know, played also.
Like a couple of medley's, like, they were...
I mean, crap, of course, but, you know, just one time plays each.
One that was a medley of bits and one that was a medley of hits.
And one was a medley of Schmitz.
Yeah.
Well, I'll be damned.
Good thing I didn't listen.
Me either.
I didn't listen to any radio when I was down there last week because, you know, Bill, there
is a...
What?
Because there isn't any.
Can't complain about the radio in this market, especially the FM.
Well, I'm really...
This cough is coming back, man.
Not good.
Lordy.
One.
Nothing.
That's something, uh, gross.
Did it?
A little bit.
Mmm.
How's that sound?
Better.
Bill from Tampa says, Happy New Year to you, and George, wanted to tell you I'm from
Tampa, but travel to South Florida quite a bit.
I love the gamble high stakes.
I'm choked up.
I can't talk.
Wow.
What was that?
Damn, flim.
What do you think?
That it's flim.
I'm going to spin some wax.
Yeah.
I know we already heard this, but what I have...
What is it?
Out of touch.
What is it?
Out of touch.
It's got a nice vibe.
Yeah, you're out of touch.
Play the music and have cough over.
Nobody does a cough up like I do.
Here, and I'm doing the cough drops, and it's making it worse.
We'll play all the hollanoes this.
Right, do you think that is?
I don't know, bad luck.
Because it's sugar.
Sugar makes you flummy, maybe.
Does it?
It does, mate.
Or we had another above update.
Wow.
This is going to take a while.
Do you ever get a coughing fit?
All the time.
Do you?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, here's the poll suggestion.
One fool that we've used to eat.
No, it's flim.
What?
Flim.
Refused to eat flim?
Sometimes you can't help it, though.
God, where did this come from?
Your lungs?
You're right.
I'm getting choked up.
It's over this one to two hour.
Anyway, go from tap a what?
I think I need to boil your head.
Sounds like a plan.
In water.
In salt water.
Let me go nuked.
There he until it pops.
Vilsis, I love the gamble high stakes.
And Mikasuki is the place.
See, I got through a sentence.
Hey, one sentence.
With your plate 25 or 55 bucks per spin,
you can either win a lot or lose your ass and have done both.
I went to the hard rock on one trip,
and while a hotel is fantastic, the slots in $6 beers blow.
Mikasuki sucks for service, but it's a place to make a few bucks quick,
having a great year.
Bill from tap a thanks, Bill.
I think I'll get my voice back.
Think so.
Okay, good.
I got some music ready.
Let me blow it.
My note.
What?
Nothing just a nice instrumental music.
Oh!
This is a call from Hellman.
It's from South Florida.
Thanks a lot for making it me sick.
Here's an update for the emailer Jeff says, Jimmy.
I flipped over to Howard's replay,
and the listeners are calling an emailing to complain about Bubba.
I should put that call drop down.
Put it down.
There you go.
God.
Every complaint is being mocked, and he's even telling people to cancel their subscription if they don't like it.
I can't believe the effing nerve of Howard and his staff,
who are vehemently defending this bullshit.
They're actually mocking and laughing at their own customers, calling them whiners and complainers.
Oh, well, we can relate to that.
You'll be very funny.
This from a guy who complains about the air conditioning in his limousine.
Someone tried pointing out that Howard himself left to rest of your radio to be sensor free,
and here he is trying to sell censored radio.
If Howard wants to replay, to play repeatso,
but let's hear the replay of his shows where he tore apart Opian Anthony for going back to terrestrial
and hearing their censored replays on XM.
He called them phonies, con artists, and said they were ripping off their listeners.
Maybe he's right, though.
After all, if I had a few hundred million dollars,
I wouldn't give a shmit about anyone or anything either.
Mark me down on the pole for suicide.
This world is hopelessly inhabited with drooling retard, it says Jimmy.
Calm down, Jimmy.
Just a radio show, okay?
God.
You know, I'll whip them about bubble lovesbunge and about.
Maybe that's the last nail in the coffin for serious, you think?
Could be.
I mean, when your stock is tumbling down at 12, 13 cents a share,
when people are baiting out, when nobody's got any money for stupid paying for radio,
and that's a really good thing is to stick it to people.
First, they did the bait and switch by moving all the channels around.
Now they're putting censored AMFM terrestrial radio on a satellite crazy man.
What the biggest name?
The best talent.
You don't have any knowledge of that.
The Wii Wii.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
It's been rough on my internship that your ratings are dying now.
Uh-huh.
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass said I was to your hand, how?
You get quite somebody good enough to fill my baggy pants?
Are you an easy?
Very no chance.
I'll have a big coming back.
I'm excited considering a look where it is and counteract.
If you want to know, and I'll save you from shutting that transmitted devout under me.
Why?
That's easy.
Sure.
All you need is smoke.
What is the thing for you?
All you need is smoke.
I love that.
That's the way.
All you need is a smoke.
It's a smoke.
I love your dreams.
You're a town.
I mean, your own dream plot only got you today.
Plot.
The face of my ratings have bottomed out in this tank.
What's radio has to rebub me?
No answer is gay and no one.
And we did.
That's what you need is smoke.
Now we can't give you your own.
All you need is smoke.
Oh, no, no, no.
All you need is a smoke.
It's a smoke.
Why for?
Oh, no, no.
You'll fight away something.
Check, pull me to give you this.
You see?
Where are you going to go?
Fire me?
I go to.
Yeah.
Okay, one 18, a QA.
Let me see if I got my voice back.
This flam is just the, it's the most nasal drip.
It's dripping over here.
Right?
Here's any who says,
feel better.
You sound like Schmidt.
The best stuff for a cough is,
Zaykham cough max cough spray.
Go get something you'll be fine.
I use that and makes the cough go right away.
You know what else is supposed to be great?
I got something I covered in the kitchen.
Bentley's.
Yeah.
It tastes like, it's the worst tasting crepe.
In fact, they advertise.
They say it tastes horrible and it works great.
I don't think I'd go get a spoon and some Bentley's.
Couldn't hurt.
Try it on a ear.
It tastes like battery acid.
It's just the foulest tasting mung.
Oh, God.
All right.
Okay, let me go get my bottle in a spoon.
Okay, it's not Bentley's.
It's Bentley's.
So sorry.
Shake well.
Buckleys cough and cold.
Okay, I'm shaking it.
I'm opening it.
I got a teaspoon, okay.
Okay.
Take two, two, three, drink a red out of the bottle there.
Oh, yeah, if you ever take it as you die.
Mmm.
Oh, God.
Is that gross?
Oh, one more.
Oh, I can't do it.
God, you can do it.
All right.
Oh, oh.
Oh, God.
It tastes like somebody died and they put them in the bottle.
Now, how do I sound?
Better?
I do.
Or you're not coughing, are you?
No.
See?
I'm not coughing.
I'm crying.
Oh, I'm crying from the taste of that buckleys.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Didn't he just die not that long ago when you met Buckley?
I think they stuck him in that bottle.
It's his sour and nasty as he was every bit.
Speaking of sour, Crout, German tycoon Adolf Merkel commits suicide.
I mean, what's a few billion dollars down the toilet, right?
German billionaire Adolf Merkel assisted by a sale by financial turmoil and struggling to
salvage his business empire has killed himself.
His family said today the desperate situation of his companies caused by the financial crisis.
The uncertainties of his last few weeks and his powerlessness to act have broke passion
of family entrepreneur and he took his own life.
They broke it him down into a sour old crowd.
At least I'm not coughing.
You're right.
Prosecutors in the southern German town of Olm near Merkel's home said the 74-year-old died
when a train struck him late on Monday.
There was nobody else involved.
He jumped in front of a big old train.
I see.
That's kind of like, I don't know.
I don't know.
Would you want to do that?
No, not just yet.
No, I'm just saying if you wanted to kill yourself, would you do it by jumping in front of a train?
No, I like the tall building thing, myself.
You do?
And what if you could halfway down and change your mind?
Oh, you're screwed, aren't you?
Oh, I don't think so.
This was a little premature evaluation.
Ooh, I'm munged on this new story too.
Oh no, it's from the bottle.
Oh, okay.
The color is from the Buckley's bottle, you know?
Under the cap, there's like that little...
Ooh, I don't know what that stuff is.
Munged.
Merkel was ranked as the world's 94.
It's like, it's not now.
I thought it was stuff from the bottle, but it's not.
Oh, it's like a big wall.
Oh, get off my finger.
Do you ever have one of those that sticks to your finger?
Oh, yeah.
Keep trying to flick it away, you know, flick it.
Off-flick it.
Sometimes it's not that.
Merkel was ranked as the world's 94 richest person in 2008 according to Forbes magazine.
And his family controls a number of German companies, including cement maker Heidelberg cement.
And generic drug company, radio farm.
But his end part was rock-glassed year by wrong way.
Something made on shares in car maker Volkswagen.
Banking sources have told Reuters the family lost hundreds of millions of euros on investments.
But losses of about 400 million euros on Volkswagen shares alone, 539 million bucks.
It has been in talks for weeks with banks to negotiate loans.
Shares at Heidelberg cement were all 5 percent at 31.70 euros at 10.47 in the morning.
Having dropped to 29.16 euros earlier in the session.
He's dead.
Eight off Merkel dead.
Anybody know who that was?
Nope.
No idea.
Don't know, don't care.
All I know is I'm not coffin.
Maybe if I drank a little soda now, they were like,
Help.
I'm just kind of like smooth things out, you know?
All right.
Smooth it over.
Like when you go to Joe Bell, this afternoon, smooth things over.
Here's one that says, why the hell would you go around telling people that Red Lobster is good?
Based on your recommendation, I went through with my sister and law.
It was terrible.
Well, I hate to break the news to you, but the ones here may be different from the ones there.
Okay.
A lot of people have said that to me.
You're always raving about the clam chowder.
Well, I have news for you, pal.
It was inedible.
I had the shrimp trio.
The fried shrimp was okay.
Scampy was all butter in the grill.
The grill trip was raw.
I hate you, Neil.
You know nothing about food.
Why did you do this all of a favor and jump off the balcony of yours?
You fat, you faggot.
Sincerely, screw you, fat.
So I'll screw you up yours.
The Red Lobster here's pretty damn good.
And the ones there are from what I hear are not so good.
Too bad.
See what I mean?
They're here enough to send it very worst.
Full of hate.
I'm sitting here choking and gagging and puking.
Right.
Only Eddie had the decency to say, hey, I hear try this and...
Good, I feel better, you know?
I like that.
Only Eddie.
When you're down.
Now, they'll kick you when you're down, when you're up on your sideways.
They don't give a crap.
The nastiness is South Florida.
Oh, you just make that up, Neil.
Yeah, I don't make it up.
I sit here and I read it day after day.
Oh, there's a thing from the supernatural.
The riveting.
The crickly, a queen.
Well, if those aren't two of the hottest brothers in the history of the human race.
So you don't get that on your cable, do you scream TV?
No, you tease me all the time.
I got a much better cable than you got, but that's where it goes.
Yep.
And also a much better red lobster, obviously.
I scroll you, you fat old bastard.
Why would you go around time because the one here is great.
It's not good.
It's great.
And they got this dessert.
I figure what it's called.
That chocolate cake with ice cream and hot fudge and whatever it is.
The chocolate wave.
We just set you free.
I'm trying it right now.
So next time you come up.
Be right there.
Go over to red lobster.
I really think I made a miraculous comeback with that bucklies, but I don't think you,
most of you could get by the taste.
Really?
I think it's a Canadian product anyway.
Do you ever hear of it?
Nope.
Let me look on the label and it says, oh, you don't want to drink this crap.
Maybe it's British.
The bucklies company.
And then it says something.
Oh, I see in French.
That's in French.
Bastards.
Everything here's got to be in English and in French.
Don't they tell us where they make this?
If I was them, I wouldn't tell anybody either.
They'd come and get my ass.
Sook rose free, alcohol free.
And enough to just tear your guts out.
Alcohol free.
Yeah, I don't want it then.
But you can smoke it.
Oh, the biggest name.
The best talent.
You're just new rejects.
I'm a lollipop little boy.
I shaved my balls for my girl Holly.
La la la la la la la la la.
Social like a lolly.
La la la la la la la la.
Maybe next time I'll just whack some punas.
La la la la la la la.
As they go back, I'll have to scratch you.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
Ouch.
Christmas will, I'm glad it's over.
Oh, thank God that's over.
I call it distress mess.
It's over.
We're free.
Glad the holiday season is in.
It's about time.
Yeah.
How to cut things off work, but it wasn't no club, man.
Big deal.
And now there's naked inside my head.
Which made his head twice its normal size.
But still got lights up on your home.
Oh crap, I forgot.
After midnight, January 1.
Should have taken them down.
Take them down, you lazy bum.
You see the job that really aims to tough, tough, tough.
Why don't you take down the lights?
Take down the lights?
Should have backed them up, can you wear it?
One, one, one.
Why don't you take down the lights?
Take down the lights?
I say, call me, call me, call me, call me, call me.
Can you stand down, down?
Wasted an electric, the D.
Besides you're the only one still celebrating.
Christmas is the only place to be.
Well, what are you waiting for?
I'm a lazy jerk.
Okay.
I think I'm going to leave like two minutes early.
Okay.
Yeah.
Because I'm ill and you're ill and you're ill?
I mean, you know, I'm not saying like before the last day.
You know, we'll play the last break and then you'll play the last, whatever it's going to be.
You think they can handle that for like a minute and a half, two minutes?
Probably.
I don't mean the audience, I mean the management.
Oh gee, now he's bailing out early.
Well, you know what?
Half price, half show.
I think 10 to noon sounds good.
Maybe 11 to one.
Don't have to get up so early if I do 11 to one.
You could do 10 to 11 and one to two.
Every other out.
What do you think?
Sure, let's do it.
Alisa waiting for snow in cold gray New York.
Well, guess what?
It's the sunny here, but it's going to snow like all the night.
They said.
I bet you can.
If Castanova is really saying, what does he say now?
Try not.
Try any one.
Something needs to just beat the snout out of him, which believe you'll meet or be a,
you think Josh Friedman would be a mess.
Can you imagine old Polly?
Alisa says, I agree with you about Buckley's compliment.
Listen, it's widely available in Canada.
Hard to find in the USA.
I had to go to a Walmart pharmacy in Florida.
I know Walmart sucks and ask the pharmacist behind the counter for it.
It was not on the shelves and Jamaican lady had recommended to me.
I've never heard of it.
I can't find it back here where I live now in New York.
I think it tastes like tree sap or battery acid.
Not sure which, but boy, does it work?
Yeah, it does.
See how I'm talking now?
Yep.
Not choking and coughing.
I was still got a little mucus, you know.
If there wasn't God, there'd be no flim.
Anyway, I have a great year in review for you.
It's worth a look.
See if the link doesn't work go to YouTube and type in Uncle J.
Explains it.
They did the video.
Well, okay.
Thanks, Alisa.
I don't do a links.
I don't do YouTube's.
I don't do a link.
I don't have time for that crap.
You know what I'm saying?
Yep.
That one now.
Did we, did Eric tell you whether we put that one on the website?
He did.
It's up there.
It's up there.
You want to get a good chuckle?
I mean, I guarantee you.
You'll laugh your ass off at this.
I'm going to the homepage.
I'm looking to see where he stuck it.
Uh, sock and off.
You want to kill some time throwing the shoes at bush.
Sock and off.
There's the cartoons.
There's the lovely Brady Quinn.
There's a whole bunch of it.
I don't see it.
Do you see it?
No.
I don't see it, Eric.
Ah, geez.
Oh, well, nobody's perfect, even Eric.
Maybe he lied to you.
You'd never.
Mark and West Palm Beach says just checking in from West Palm.
I worked during the day and usually listen to you on the radio in my truck.
I happen to be by my computer and wanted to say I started listening to your show.
About six years ago, I still look forward to you to your sarcasm bits and droppings.
It's right under the pole, man.
What?
It's right under the pole.
It's under the pole?
Right above sock and on.
Oh, let me look.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, you get to link.
You got to click the link.
And then he can think, oh, it's beautiful.
You will laugh your asses off.
Religious nut, too.
That's the best part.
And the guy's going, faggot, and all this other good stuff.
A few other F's.
George is off beach and then again,
he's a religious ranch, really make my day.
Anyway, keep up the good work and hack one up for me, Mrs. Mark.
There you go, Mark.
It's a saver.
Brandon says they sell that crap here.
Meaning Buckley's not taken it before.
Nearly made me puke, but it does work.
It is the worst tasting, foulest crap in history.
God is it awful.
Buckleys.
Oh, all right.
What?
I'll write it down.
Someday you'll need it.
You'll never find it there.
Go to Walmart.
Guy like you can afford a shop at Walmart.
I don't go to Walmart.
I know.
You hate Walmart and so do I.
Yeah.
The passion.
Like poison, even worse than you hate craft macaroni and cheese.
Just craft in general.
I don't know anybody who don't like craft macaroni and cheese.
Don't like craft products.
I know that, but I'm just saying there are so many other brands of macaroni and cheese,
and every one of them is better.
Get out of here.
You're home.
They just doing that.
Accidental macaroni and cheese is better.
What is accidental macaroni and cheese?
Accidental?
I didn't know that.
That's a shame.
That's a thing about him.
He just shameless.
Blatantly right out there in front of the whole world.
Just rips off everybody else.
It's supposed to be funny, I guess.
See, people have funny lines or funny material or whatever.
It can be funny when they do it.
But when somebody else rips it off, it ceases to be funny.
You know, when you're buried over here on the street,
and the young him dial like we are, who's going to know?
It kind of sounds like a labaster, and his obsession with...
Roy!
But that, I mean, what's the big deal with that?
Who even cares about that anymore?
See, if he really does this funny off-beat show that everybody talks about labaster,
what is it that's so funny?
Roy!
I just don't get it.
I mean, I've never heard it.
Well, maybe then you'd get it.
You think?
I don't know.
No emails in the of you there.
Well, that's bad.
855 votes on the poll though.
Well, if you'd have really pushed it, we could have gotten 900.
On the 6th of January.
Mm-hmm.
But we're not pushing the poll anymore.
That's probably our problem.
I mean, we could not.
Well, no, seriously, that became Chris's rule.
He was the poll man.
That's what Clarence said.
Maybe that's how we got that 5-6 gig with the Jesse Agler.
Don't forget, get up real early and listen to QM early edition with Jesse Agler.
5-6 AM before Joe Rose.
Jesse's a good guy.
I'm sure he's doing a fine hour in there.
Of course, nobody's awake yet.
And Chris Whalen is the producer.
It's an extra bonus incentive for you to get your ass up real early out of bed.
When that do it for you, when you get up like 430 anymore,
and you get ready to listen to Jesse and Chris talking sports,
you back.
Now does Chris get to interact with Jesse or is he just a role model?
No, no.
Well, do a little investigation.
Maybe he'll be calling in.
Will you please?
He what?
Maybe Chris will call in.
Maybe Chris will send you a text message.
Lick it and stick it.
I'm a man here.
Alex Bennett Steve came Nick Lauren Scottie Chippen Mike Gloris Scott Schwartz Herman and
McBeam.
Gail Bright, Coleman Chandler, Sandy D. L. A. Polarism, Wendy Wild Steve,
Staselville, forget Bill Wise.
Chermahoney Johnny Dole and Aileen F. D. Nam is Global and Hummus and Major
Darzy McIntyre.
The prize very Larry Pottle coming for Sharon Smith is Joan Hans,
sister Swigiel and the Farrah Park.
We can't forget the people.
Though we try to hide them and forget we knew them.
They used to work beside us.
Even though we're kind, they made us lose our minds.
And we narrowing out for them being Gary Bruce Jeff Clark, Johnny Darken, Joseph Gackie.
And Goldberg McGreen, Marvin Roman Warney, Stephanie Lewis Quinn and we're just don't forget
it's we.
Hey, the bees are in all the people.
Who are still here working and he'll still working.
We are all the people who are out there giving just a make-o in it.
I would like to exterminate rabbits.
Let's have a dot.
And we're out there giving just a make-o living.
We are all the people.
Hey, listen to the UI of me.
Let's show you a day's time, our betters.
You've never known by the way that they are from all week.
Those courts don't use your mother.
It's always hangover and sunny version.
Joseph Gackie, Gackie, Gackie, Gackie.
Say I don't know by now.
No one gives a crap about any of that.
It's a talent that brings in our money.
And if that's all, they're gonna tell.
The talent is losing out.
And buddy, it fades through the fence.
And I tune in out.
Feeling Rick and Sucker, what we're listening for.
The baby's having a baby.
But all you'll ever see on the TV on the billboard.
It's a coach for the sports or the weather.
It's always hangover and sunny version.
Joseph Gackie, Gackie, Gackie, Gackie.
Say I don't know by now.
No one ever listens to that other crap.
It's a talent that keeps the place running.
And if that's all, they're gonna tell.
The talent is losing out.
And buddy, it fades through the fence.
And I tune in out.
What tune in out.
I guess it was a delayed reaction for years.
I've told them, take your radio, push it down the toilet, shove it.
Yeah.
Stick it.
And now they finally do it.
Is it time?
Oh, what?
Is it time?
It's time.
By the way, 152, I'm leaving.
153.
Okay.
Over that time.
Right.
I'm just telling you right now, so you don't, we don't come back from that.
That's great.
Oh, what happened to the old man?
Maybe he's got a choking, a hacking a cough.
Joe is back for the third time.
He says, third plugs the term.
No, it's not Joe.
The answer is still.
No.
But I'll read it.
Are you tired of taking crap from others?
Is your boss giving you enough crap to last the lifetime?
Maybe your wife is giving you so much crap.
You have to put boots on to walk around.
Then call and give us all the crap you want.
We'll take crap from anyone, even if you're a corrupt governor from Midwestern state.
As bad as the economy is today, and America is going in the toilet.
If it smells like crap to you, it smells like money to us.
Mitch and Neal, or any other old queen, get your 10%.
No crap discount.
Says Joe.
Nice try, Joe.
You can send 50,000 emails, and we're still like even free plugs in this show.
Joe, are we?
Nope.
Now, here's one, Rocky from Miami.
Talk about convoluted.
I think it's because of you.
You know, you were on all last week.
Must be it.
It's drug crowd.
Man.
Just unbelievable.
Hi, Neal and George.
Love the show.
Just started listening a few months ago because of my friend, the Pimp Tom Lampman.
When the F are you going to move on from the GD Brady Quinn thing already?
Jesus, F and Christ, man.
I'm not.
Well, what does that mean when am I going to move on from it?
I don't know.
I like him.
Okay?
He's pretty.
I have to say most red lobsters do suck, except the cheesy biscuits and the desserts.
The biscuits suck.
There is dry as a 10-year-old halava.
There is dry as 20-year-old matza.
That's how dry they are.
And the desserts are great.
You're right.
And the red lobster here is excellent.
Keep up the good work and go heat.
Oh.
All right.
Go heat is rocky for my.
See what I mean about a convoluted email.
Yep.
She mail.
Michael says, I'm originally from South Florida.
I now live in Las Vegas and our red lobsters are awesome.
They're listening to you from any many years.
Love you and George.
Hope you get rid of the cough soon, Michael.
Buckley's got rid of my cough.
A miracle.
God, and boy, what you have to...
I guess you have to pay a wicked price to get rid of that cough and all the amyriac.
Because taking one teaspoon of that is just wicked enough.
And then knowing you're going to have to take another teaspoon, oh my God.
It's enough to make you gag.
But I stop gagging.
Good job.
Oh, there's Tony Blair.
Smuggling issue.
That is the...
Oh, talk about a constipated bread.
He's like the poster child for the constipated brits.
The way they speak.
You know, like they haven't had a BM in 20-year.
That Israel feels that.
Heels is...
They feel something, namely the end.
He talks like the guys in the clockwork orange, you know.
Coincidence?
Fuel.
864 votes.
Boy, we could have done 900 easy with Chris here today.
You're screwing us on our poll, Joe Bell.
There's a special place in hell for a guy named Joe Bell.
And he sends me an email like Happy New Year and I love our deal.
And what makes you think I want you to go away and add...
Screw you, Joe.
You're a killer.
You make Pete Polder seem like the good Samaritan.
865 on the poll.
When he'll hang up his microphone or croaks or whatever, what will George do?
Start his own show, 215.
Get a real job, 185.
Go home and wait for something to happen. 176.
That's what I think is a good idea.
Go home and sit around and wait for the phone to ring.
I'll start now.
Watch some TV.
Sit close to the phone, though, because it's going to ring.
Okay.
Become a full-time drug dealer 75.
There's some good money in that crap.
Wasn't that Santino said that?
There's good money in that white powder?
That's what he said.
A lot of money in the white pan.
Yeah.
Commit suicide 50.
Join the roller derby 47.
Become a panhandler 30.
First they'll have to buy you a pan.
Become a carny 28.
Become a male hooker 27.
I really doubt that.
I don't think George will get a lot of business.
No.
I'll be very lonely.
Very unsuitable.
Move to Montana and become a recluse.
Now do you say recluse or recluse?
I switch it up.
I'd like to keep people guessing.
Mix and match.
Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Jimmy.
Arabs and Jews, Jews and Arabs.
The 16 say you're going to move to Montana.
And become a PIMP 16.
George wouldn't mind becoming a PIMP if he was, you know,
in which I'm sure that most PIMps get in plenty of their own action, right?
I assume I would get a good discount.
I'll ask around.
Yeah.
Well listen, it's all yours and it's been a real treat.
And maybe I'll come into Maran, who knows?
All right.
Biggest name.
Hello, it's Col.
You don't have no rejects.
Forty-two five sixty-c-a-m.
Pass not good.
It's great.
No, some is buying.
We don't see Jamaica in the cataphing.
Take out the best herb that you ever seen.
Ask anybody in that neighborhood.
They tell you this country where the gun's a bit good.
A raster man has some he wants to sell.
And from a mile away, you can detect the smell of smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
He light up the split and choke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The gun's a bit good.
You can carry lots of herb in the gunny sack.
Smoke it every day until your lungs turn black.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
American tourists come here and say.
Got nothing like this in the USA.
They smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They light up the split and choke.
They begin to cough and choke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The gun's a bit good.
I'm not telling what son you are a raster man.
You like to smoke the giant stiff whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around.
To buy the herb for you, buy the ounce and the plum.
Raster man say to her, mom are you right?
They gun to be good tonight and then they smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They light up the split and choke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They begin to cough and choke.
I'm on.
Bye bye bye.
