Oh man, I don't have any music you'd up wait a minute one of the things is down. It's red
It's really red like Santa Claus red hang on. I got the I got this thing over here
You got a thing I got a thing right there. Here we go one of the streaming things is down
The Neil Roger what do you want to do about that? I don't mind you not about it
Let's wait until somebody starts the email the music
And Verizon wireless phones by the way, a hot mark go hot the China okay
Good God
What a bunch of children across overgrown children on 560 W QAM
A ride life will be the same you can't blame the tabloids
But still a straight is used his name
Touched the steroids he just thought no one knew
Cause you happen a lot ago
Madonna, where are you?
When a
Robin
Jumeau he shot steroids
The day not it back in 2000 and three
He shot steroids to get hot
Before he was a Yankee
It was so wrong. He's got to make it right gonna have to go to call the world big fight
He shot steroids and think I did
Yeah, he tried it
You fairy well the Texas server is down how do you like that?
So some people may be not be hearing the stream. Oh, what are we gonna do?
What are we gonna do?
I'd like a man
What's a matter with you
Well, that's bad. That's a bad way to start the day. I thought it was gonna be a great through it. It's not though
Because there's not enough stuff on the email to there's some stuff came in yesterday and last night
But this morning well here's what came in this morning
From Hawke Mark our
Spy our self-appointed spy our disgruntled former employee across the street at the stick it to the ticket
Hey, Neil, I know you didn't appreciate my email earlier this week
It's not that I didn't appreciate it. It's just that it was not interesting at all
It was about some kind of a commercial
Problem they were having over there and whatever
Wasn't interesting and I'm gonna Joyce right here in the chair in a minute. I'm on you
I'm right on the edge right on the verge house bloating
Maybe it's from the senior it says however I do have news that affects you directly. Oh
As you know one of your people over there you may know who no, I don't know who or anything about it
Totally NFL that Sid was putting the TV feed on the air during his NFL shows on Sunday highly illegal by the way
Any anybody knows that
Can imagine how many zidians the dollars they pay for the rights to broadcast those games right as
The result he lost his spot on Sundays and the people here became very pissed off at you guys. Oh,
Jesus, what are we gonna do?
You started a feature on Fridays where you're simultaneously horse races on here
It's been discussed whether we're gonna complain in the same way you guys did
I'll go ahead and complain all you want because it's part of a promotion that Gulf Stream Park pays for they want us to put the race call on here
Did you say?
Yes, I?
Don't know who suggested either Steve Wider said himself the goal is to ruin your horse racing segments as revenge for Sid show
Just be on the lookout for it take the appropriate precautions. I'll put on a condom
Oh, yeah, take the appropriate precautions my ass. First of all whoever wrote this is an idiot
I mean, can you really be that stupid that you don't realize that
Comparing broadcasting the call of a horse race to broadcasting a sporting event that people pay for the rights to broadcast
I mean, where's the comparison in addition to which this is done at the behest of the sponsor of Gulf Stream Park
We're not stealing somebody's signal and putting it on the air
Okay, so Hawk Windows came China. Oh
Geez, they're so pissed off at you guys well, that little teacher like do illegal crap and put stuff on the air that doesn't belong on the air
I mean my god
See this is the deal if we're dealing with broadcast just people who know anything about this business
That's a different story
But we're not we're dealing with a bunch of overgrown children who wanted to know you know
Play games game players
There's that panthers least game Bob it should leaves to be really upset if they knew what put that on
I know I'm just upset oh Adam Maushmack says you're coming in fine and kitchen or waterloo
Which is surprising given this big hurricane we're having yeah the wind is blowing bad it's not a hurricane but
Here's the fake Michael Phelps who says the stream is down fix the stream. I'm your friend my
Yeah, I'm your friend my ass
Fixed this stream
So I don't know which server which is which one is up and one is down so you'll up and down in and out
Slink its birthday today happy her birthday Abe hey, hey, we got something for you
What a present no extra charge
Isn't that sad how people are so childish you think that I mean at what point do you have to get?
In life what what age do you have to be to finally become like somewhat of an adult?
Not over there though ever little children. That's that's what they are
Oh, we're gonna get even with you. We're gonna we're gonna
We're gonna was what are they gonna do snitch to Gulfstream that we're playing the race call as part of
Approaching the Gulfstream pace for I mean that makes a lot of sense. Oh
Just prepare yourselves for it. Yeah, thanks a lot, Hawk. That's two for two by the way two incredibly useless emails
God
Overgrown children of course do got's right in the middle of that makes sense to me talk about a child
What did I say when he was over here? He doesn't belong on the air to say hello or goodbye?
But he's part of that big show in the afternoon. Well good good for them
That's right here we go. This is exactly what I was thinking
Here's a great email. I'm gonna print it out right now got can't cut the we're gonna can't pay the teachers in
Dade County because we had gotten all money cut the teachers paying get them all pissed off worked out
Oh, here's one about Bluebell ice cream, but nevertheless
Let's come up with a whole bunch of money to build a stadium for the Marlins the Marlins I
bought a pint of Bluebell's century Sunday ice cream last night
Some of the best ice cream I've ever had they actually have a whipped cream flavored ice cream infused with the other stuff great
Tell your listeners to go get some and get some of yourself. You won't be disappointed since rich
No, I'm not gonna get some attract. I'm gonna explode here in a second really. Yeah, I'm done
I'm not there. Why would I exaggerate why don't make that up? Oh, I kind of Joyce like a like a maniac, you know, it's you
Because I ate so much food yesterday including
Heavenly hash Nestle's really blue bell
I'm sure there ain't gonna be no blue bell ice cream here. Although. I don't know. Maybe they will maybe they will maybe they won't you know what either way else survive
Anyway, here's what this emailer says about the teachers
This is an outrage last night. They said they might have to cut teachers jobs because of budget cutbacks
My question is where are all the billions of dollars in the lot of that supposed to be for education makes no sense
Here's the biggest issue of them all the stadium for the marlins in this economy where
Job losses at the highest level in years and we are gonna dish out 750 million for a stadium
I don't know if you're in the mad dog yesterday. No, I don't listen to the radio
But this is the biggest ramrod job ever
According to the reports there's nothing showing the midget and the art dealer liable for any of this money
They have three different companies set up
Nobody in their right mind would sign this deal
But we're dealing with the banana republic where they make their own rules can tell you this my ass will not go there
He's not taking his ass today county
What happened to the people's vote about using public funds for this catastrophe?
Look what happened to them? I'm here reading it even there no mo another white elephant
We the people are gonna get screwed on this deal somehow some way I'm pissed off says Tyson or
whoever he is
How do you like that? Yeah, he's right quite I don't live in date
They teachers outraged over plan to do for a pay. It's on the top of my pile here today
And of course they've never cared about education in Dave County, but it's mostly now
What I said no
Server still down oh well that's beyond beyond our control
I'll to his credit stuff came running in here as soon as he heard you say that yeah, but it's not yes
But it's not on our right it's beyond our control right it's not so those of you can hear us on the stream
Fine if you can't hear us well good luck to us
Right right if you point a saying if you can't hear us
Boy can't hear us move to a South Florida by the end of the show you got to a clock
Yeah, they're picking on us over there across the street. They're gonna interfere with our race calls. Oh
Jesus
Grow the hell up okay, and like I said when you guys first went on here instead of playing baby crap
Put something on here somebody might want to hear then you might have some audience
Instead of like always playing with us always playing the old games. Oh, we're gonna get them
Well, yeah, sure you are you got one show that's got numbers. That's in the afternoon
That's the love of turd guy and other than that you might as well shut the thing off
You got a bunch of burgeoning bursting egos
Over nothing. It's nothing that an ego when you got something going for you
It's nothing to have a big disturbing ego when you produce crap when you have nothing to show for it
That would be like having a oh point oh running around saying oh, I'm a big shot big-time broadcaster like that, you know
Wouldn't that be embarrassing a little bit is crap
So Hawk, you know, we welcome your input and all your spy reports, but so far you're 0 for 2
Or you're 2 for 2 in terms of turd crap and if you ever were in the business and you don't know that the difference between
Putting on a live sporting event that people are paying for the rights for which is totally illegal and putting on a horse race call
Which people are from paying for you to carry right? Jesus got almighty Hawk
Isn't that pathetic it's it's kind of sad
It's not kind of sad. It's pathetic. It's tragic
Zaire to get Trogish say what no you heard what I say that's what the Chinese mom said they're open anymore
That's what the little Chinese there's get Trogish there was a guy a midget
And would buy me yesterday about 3 feet tall and old an old midget
For now bald headed old midget they prefer to be called little and all this guy does a stand around
He's got this pala his the stockbroker guy who plays the machines and all he does is stand around and yenta with him and watch him play
I don't understand that what what kind of a life is that?
All these people give me crap about playing the slot machines
What kind of a life is it to stand around and watch other people play machines man?
Jesus God what is that?
Tragic
Streaming you're still down on the Texas server
Who's gonna get bricky a blow
Valentine's Day like an evil conspiracy created by the the greeting cards people on the fire people the candy people
Maybe dog got you a little stuff to say Valentine's Day
Happens to me every Valentine's day
I got you a quarter size
Oh
This crap
It's Valentine's Day for crying out loud yeah for crying out loud
10 16 at 5 60 WQM Mary Lou in North Carolina says the stream is working fine
I'm listening from North Carolina. We need the stream because we don't have a life says Mary Lou
Well, it's still a Fitty Fitty we got one server up and one is down
So I don't know who's not hearing it, but that's it
Maybe the good one is working. I don't know I don't know
Sure is how not getting a whole bunch of people saying either you know, yeah, you're nay. I don't know
Here's some bad news by the way. Do you see this for Myers radio station Stan and Haney show producer George Tommy Smith the turd died in a motorcycle accident Monday night
Well, it's horrible
He was the producer of that Stan and Haney show you know what that show is no how neither
The FH piece and Smith ran a red light and hit another vehicle the driver didn't pass you the other vehicle
We're not seriously injured thanks God
Yeah
By the way all the snow is gone. It's been raining and mild and
Snow has all melted and gone away. It'll be back like you said
Yes, then Haney pay tribute to Tommy on Tuesday afternoon's drive show and four Myers taking calls and reading emails from listeners for the four-hour show
He ran a red light hit another vehicle and now he's dead
Should be a lesson all you kids out there don't run red lights
I'll do little kids that are still in mommy and daddy's cars
Sirius stock. Can you believe it? It opened at six, but now it's up a cent to seven cents
Are you ready for that or what no?
Get cereal seven cent
And of course the reason I checked it is because I have this very very I still have to Joyce by the way
I forgot all about you mean you did not no I did not oh
I say I'm think maybe I can carry it through the whole show
Yeah, what a load let's do the overs in the
Under the New York and make it till two o'clock without rejoicing through the overs and the under the wears well
It's Abe Lincoln's birthday, you know nothing like
Drap it a few Lincoln logs in honor of on a state Maria B says
Hello, mr. Rogers. I haven't checked in with you since last Friday's have been on a minor vacation
Although I've been on a hiatus. I'd like to reassure you that I have been listening this morning the markets are selling off
I'd like to assure you in your listeners. This is just a temporary blimp to the beginning of the Obama bath not blimp, but a temporary blimp
As to my understanding tomorrow be the first segment of the investor your future Fridays while I hate to break the news to Maria, but
No, it will not be the first and there will not be any
One of those stocks I'd like to discuss will be serious satellite as many industry inside its field of stock is hit a bottom
Looks explode by years end
I'm gonna explode by shows end
But I'm positive that our first segment of the treat for your listeners and will boost ratings until tomorrow Maria B
Yeah, blow out your ass bad guy bitch
God who are you can
Sirius
If ever there was a selling opportunity, this is a seven cent
Up from a low of six cent at the
Started trading at nine thirty this morning making a big move though now people are grabbing it
Don't you want to grab some right now?
I say it'll be a miracle by the end of the year there even there even have a product on the air unless I co-star
Echo star buys them out and you know continues doing whatever they're doing and I got news for if they buy them out there
I'm gonna be paying stern. No hundred million a year and
Martha Stewart eighty trillion year whatever whatever they're paying for all that swill
I
Don't see hot coming back at us here with a follow-up
Come on that's it. No, it's not some at us because it's obviously just another desperate attempt by the clowns across the street to get us to
Into a peeing contest. I got news for you
Small potatoes doesn't even come close to describing my opinion about that place
And they just keep
Waa you know making making whining sound pay attention to us and you know and then sending emails on my space
And so I don't care not interested not interested you people bore me just like that email boring
God almighty by Haka Haka China over there boring
Oh, please, please get into a fight with us. We want we need attention. Yeah, nobody cares
Nobody cares about your craft
If I was them I put the labar's jordan 24-7. I just rerun his tapes all day
Because that's the only thing they got that's got even that even makes the needle move on the rickshaw
You know what I mean by that what he is opposed to a point. Oh, we got in certain hours at night
What's the schedule look like for today fat? So while we got the big O2 mad dog 4 to 7 hurricane hotline 7 to 9. Oh boy
Dolphin night night at 10 then the D H O 10 to midnight with his oh oh
Jesse says although I do think the government should spend more money on education
I can't stand with the teachers complain about salary or they don't get their raises this year
They work nine months out of the year, which means they don't worry. Oh, I'm so sick and tired of you idiots with this crap
They only work nine months out of the year
This is why we got so many dumb people because we got people like Jesse that don't care about teachers
Which means they don't work 25% of the time. I haven't gotten a raise in two years
And I haven't gotten a raise two years. I work 12 months a year. Well goody gumdrop if they don't like to pay
Why do they go into education?
I'm 28 years old. No, I handful of teachers the only reason they went to the profession is because it was an easy degree
But now they're complain about the salary if you attacked on TACT tacked on
You're illiterate Jesse if you tacked on an extra 25% of their salary
They actually make real good money if you tacked on TACT. Oh my god. Is this a dummy or what?
Tacked on
How do you like that?
Couldn't the spell crack
Which by the way that the pressure is subsiding now
Did you leave or what I'm right here? Oh, okay. Well, you're like very quiet all of a sudden boy
I got nothing to say to any of this stuff here. Why why not you don't care about teachers
I do care about teachers. I said stuff
No, they're that it's a shame that they're paying for that stadium and the date county sucks
And their school system sucks and I know because of a product of it
Still able to hear you in the Jeral area. This is somebody Alex
Is that online or is that over the year that would be great if they could hear us over the year in Jeral
Wouldn't that be good? Still down on the Texas server though. The red light is still on that one. That's bad
Here's our pull result from yesterday. I'm gonna change it pretty soon here because I don't you know
I'm not that crazy about it
But it's okay, but we've done it before yeah, it's a repeat
I'm looking for a hawk and his follow up on that stupid thing he sent us
I don't see it the stream is coming in loud and clear here in the jury pool holding pen at the aid courthouse
They have wifi and there are a few cute chicks in the room. So not all is lost. I'd like to request you play sandstorm
I
Know there isn't a tiny month's chance, but I thought I asked you're right. There's not a tiny month's chance
Anyway, stream is working fine. Keep it light. Keep it light. Niels is tea keep it light
Like that old codger that called me on wk tea 100 years ago keep it light. Niel keep it light
Sound like he was gonna have a stroke really
Classic call keep it light
Spaszing out. Yeah, it's windy as hell man. Twindy and murky and
Well, let's see rob says this pool may have been done much like all the others, but what the hell what showed you watch?
You never be able to admit to anybody you watch oh yeah, we done that
We done that. Oh, and let me tell you rock of love. What is that thing on there? It's not on a any rock of love
What is that crap is that like another shot? It loves something like that. I know you shot it live
You can't have another shot of love
And you wonder why there are people that spelled tacked on tac t. No
God and then this guy's knocking teachers. How do you like that? And he's illiterate. He's a moron. See
Tac t my ass
Well, we'll take your a pool under consideration. Okay, Rob
Didn't they're done that rock of love bus. Oh good God. Here's the pool if I knew that today was my last day on earth
I would spend the day having sex 300
Spend a great day a quiet day with my family 213 do something. I've always been afraid to try 97
Run all my credit cards up to the max 82. Yeah, you're gonna buy a bunch of stuff. Then what are you gonna do with it if it's the last day?
See I don't understand that one right
Either everything I've been avoiding for years 48
Margin in my boss's office and peon his desk 47 or even better drop a big and smelly Joyce on his desk on his head
Spend the day in church 42 go to Disney World 34 sure have a blast
Confess my love to someone 27. It's a chance to love
Make amends with the friends who have fallen away 21 and stay in bed all day 17
All by yourself
Shoot me up for the whole game
Be up with the Roypes
So I'll have small nuts and a face that's cracked. I got tubers growing on my back, but I'll shoot shoot shoot some more
Roypes for the first training game
Cause how else could I join Barry Bonds in the whole of
Oh
Caller shame 10 30 at 5 60 W Q a.m. Bugsie says
And I'm just a Paul that we're not getting I don't know what the deal is with that streaming
I mean, a couple people say it's streaming just fine, but then again, they're on the one server, you know
They're on the other side of the good one. That's right now. Maybe the other one that doesn't really do nothing for us. I don't know
It's down
It's just a stripping look at that thing and see the red one and a white now you if you got your computer fixed
Good enough that you can see that
Yes
Is he the red one and the green one right and the purple one and the shirt to us one and the pink one. Yeah
Oh the pink one. It's mainly gay. Yeah, like a payrod's lips pink
Bugsie says when you do your Gulfstream park routine you hardly ever say the name of your horse during the race call
The race call or only says the horse's name's not the horse's numbers
So it's a little hard to follow what I'm getting in out of the truck and trying to follow along
I see
However, I enjoy it very much somehow. It's very exciting which makes me think it's time for my annual checkup
By the way, the winner yesterday's pull wasn't even on there kill certain people
Ah, well if it's a lie down for all of us what what's what's that going to accomplish, you know because then you can leave the world a better place, you know
You can kill someone that deserves killing and you know, you're out in the way out anyway, so nobody can do anything to you
Dumb not as dumb as I like to do
Was not the word he
T a what do you say? I forget tacked on tacked on TACT and he's not gonna teachers
If you're illiterate and you're a moron don't be not gonna teach you don't be not gonna education don't be not gonna anybody okay
Don't even knock on the door because we won't be home
You idiot you moron you fairy Jesse my ass
They teachers outraged over plan to defer pay
From the front page of your Miami-Herald
After intense debate today school board on Wednesday approved superintendent Albert Carvalo's plan to bounce the district budget by
Sleshing 56 million dollars in spending
The vote opened the door for Carvalo to begin negotiations about moving paid work days in the current fiscal year
Which ends June 30 to the next to fiscal year which when Carvalo expects the district will have more money
Employees would be paid for those days sometime after July 1st. Oh everybody please buy a lot more lot of tickets
This is our best thinking to avoid the catastrophic conditions imposed on the school system Carvalo said adding the plan would enable the district to avoid layoffs now
Didn't they pass the a slot thing in date County already just the last election didn't they pass?
I don't know now if fat ass jet bush would have come in there a couple of years ago when they first put it on the ballot in day then
Broward and dade voted against it
Maybe the yes the the slot machines would be providing that necessary income to fill the gap maybe the shortfall
Gotta gotta fix that what I gotta fix that it's dirty
What that drop maybe I do hear that didn't used to make that sound
Where's that coming out of the D's the 360 really yeah, it's like corrupted it wow that sounds bad. It does
That's the only one too I checked
Maybe across the street there are sending people over to like Santa Claus equipment because they're pissed off of us about
Since Sunday show
She's what are we gonna do about this Sunday show where we're stealing the NFL broadcast and putting them on the air legally
After the vote united teachers the day president Karen Irrano-Witz vowed to fight any attempts to move employee work days union can declare an impasse
The layoffs are a scare tactic Irrano-Witz said we were sold out by school board members who promised to protect our contracts
This is telling people to work on a promise
Oh, yeah, we'll pay you someday we promise
As
As the school board debated the budget cuts about 700 teachers protested outside many with cowbell sides and whistles
They chanted no teacher left behind and temporarily formed a conger line along northeast 15 street and from the date school board
administration building
Linda Cohen a 55 year old reading teacher north Miami Beach senior high school said the plan was adding insult to injury
We're not just talking about two days said Cohen whose home was four closed on two weeks ago
We're talking about what it's doing to our families all over the county
Carfala's plan was later approved by six to three vote you commissioners ought to be in jail the whole bunch of you you six that voted for this
You ought to be in prison
Gonna build a stadium for those dingbats
For that screamer david sampson and Delilah you fairy god we did it we did it we won the we're answer nobody cares
Nobody cares David about you and your horse ball ball club nobody cares
It'll trim 22 million dollars in non school spending eight million dollars in spending at schools and the remaining 27 million will come from deferring employee work days to the next fiscal year
Before the vote Carfala spoke passionately about his proposal calling it the morally right thing to do
The alternative he said would be layoff more than 36 hundred employees before the end of the fiscal year
Board member Wilbert T. Holloway called the proposal and organized well thought out methodical plan that addresses the future
Board member Larry Feldman who campaigned on a promise to honor employee contracts also supported the plan
Feldman said it was a difficult decision to make was that flea Feldman?
Flea is on the school board
He said it was a difficult decision to make but he said the only thing we have going for is to keep our employees off the streets
Another advocate for the teachers board member reneared the as-day alaportia said he approved Carfala's recommendations because they're necessary and we're running out of time
But he added that Carfala was not off the hook because the school chief must still address inefficiencies in the budget
Also voting for the plan were board chairman Solomon Stinson and board members Augustine Barere and Martin Carp
Board member Anna Reeves Logan former teacher and assistant principal was the first board member to speak out against the plan
She said moving work days to the upcoming fiscal year was akin to giving teachers unpaid vacation days
Vice-chairwoman Marta Perez also raised concerns
I appreciate all the hard work that's been put in this proposal
She said but until we show our workforce we've truly cut to the bone. I can't support this proposal cut to the bone
Board member Perla Taboris-Hantman voted against the plan to but only because she would have preferred to discuss other creative solutions at a special board meeting
District officials will not have to discuss deferring the work days with union leadership
The sagging economy is presented a challenge for the day district this year alone district officials have had to cut more than
300 million from the districts five and a half billion dollar budget
Late last year the school board unanimously approved Carfala's plan to cut 89 million from the budget
Those cuts were made mainly to the district's administration
What's that facts come in is that from you? No, it's not no. It's an ad facts. Oh my god. I hate those like poison
See what it is
Green rock construction limited whoo
What is that much? I'm King Street West Toronto
All aspects of renovation services home additions bathrooms turlits, etc
By the way the other day I was coming up the elevator in my place. There's this tall old queen
in the building
And he said to me if you sign up for the new toilets
And I said what what? And I thought it was like something on the bulletin board like maybe they were placing like
You know with eco-friendly toilets that use a lot less water or something like that
I mean, I thought maybe it was something on our bulletin board that you had to sign up for
I said no, I'll take a look and and there's nothing on the bulletin board about any new toilets
I don't know what tell you was talking about either maybe he's a crazy person maybe
Maybe too much diddlin, you know
Still down on that server any any progress any information about that
Like from Eric no no not from Eric or is Eric involved in that that's true
No, but he you know he knows something if anyone does oh here's the thing about a dish network buying serious
That's echo star. That's what the dish network is
Did I have that the other day? Well, I'll print this out anyway
Brandon says
Here the 9-11 call after bointin beach burger king runs out of lemonade
We had that story days ago a man was charged with misusing nine-11 for mid-ray complaint that a bointin beach burger king had run out of lemonade
Now we can hear the call what now we can hear the call yeah now there's a link yeah
He became angry when he picked up his order the we don't threaten to call police that the store no longer serve lemonade
He said I'm gonna call a police and you know what the cashier told him and I swear to you. That's what it says in the story
Go ahead. Yeah, go ahead
Well, thanks Brandon, but certainly not I well I guess Brandon can hear us anyway. That's good
So far nobody has said what we can't hear the stream is out so evidently that Texas stream is not the of any concern to also our people or whatever
Here's one from Jason. I checked out the love spong this morning SPo ng
And you people in Dade County don't want to come up with the money for education
Want to build a stadium for a couple of billionaire grave robbers that nobody gives a crap about the ball club
Shame on you. Oh, well, those are funds for it. Let me tell you something
You can have another meeting and vote those funds for whatever the hell you want. It's an emergency. It's a crisis
And you people are too busy screwing everybody and and making backdoor deals just like that backdoor deal
They made with Mickey Erison to build out arena may your penis a pecania
My god
One of the things you got elected on is he wasn't gonna make any deals
You know, he was gonna make that deal. There was gonna be no green and so all of a sudden he makes a backdoor deal with Mickey
He slept in the Mickey baby
Boy you talk about smear and and smear and there's a lot of that going on in Dade County
Smear it and smear it
Dog got off this instant
That could be why he has found another why to be all this but this one has to be made
Why is he so lonely desperate and confused
Playing sugar daddy to a strange slut
May
His new girl Nancy works for New York's mta
Evil freedom at your past and right on her subway okay and this one has to lay
R
God
Good
Heartly might as well just, but his passion a big truck and run it into a bill.
Nancy does that he is rich and he will find a thing.
From money he may play, or a fancy thing, so his wing or a bed, but this one has to lay.
It is a big truck and run it into a bill.
It is a big truck and run it into a bill.
Ten forty six here is the first complaint about the stream, although I do notice that all of it is his down.
It is his zero dropouts.
Right.
So what does that mean?
I don't know.
Eric says the fake Alice rant tells us is a mere of the stream down.
I tried listening from the gym on my iPhone just got home and can't get it on either.
I'm in Orange County.
So his Alice I've already gotten like three.
Have you?
Yeah.
Saying what?
The stream is down and I reply back to the Texas server beyond our control.
I'm just like mass emailing that out to people.
What a mass.
Yeah.
So even though it says down zero, it's the very light is on.
It tells me who Eric.
Yes, tells me that it yet's beyond our control, but as long as one of these servers is up, we're recording the archives.
So they'll be able to go back and listen.
Oh, wow.
So they'll miss all the reading great crap like that email from a hawk alerting us about that race call.
No, no, they just they won't miss a thing.
They just have to go back later.
Like I'm saying, they'll be able to capture that when they go back to the archive.
That's what I was saying.
I don't know what I said.
Whatever.
It doesn't matter.
The good news is I don't have to Joyce anymore.
It's decided it passed.
Might didn't pass.
Oh, I believe me.
I'm old, but I'm not that well.
That's why you have to pass without my knowing it.
You have to carpeady of that.
That's really crappy when you pass and you don't even know it.
Jason who ordinarily has an IQ larger than his fingernail, but he says I checked out the love spawn this morning.
S P O N G.
I'm just getting really tired of people who can't spell.
I can't.
I just somebody dumb people out there.
Let's build a lot more stadiums with all that money.
You people in the county, man, you need help and you poor kids.
All your kids that are run away from home.
Go to a place where they actually have schools where they might teach you something.
Good.
God almighty.
But you know, I remember one of the first things I talked about on KET 100 years ago.
And you realize that our anniversary shows come up very, very soon.
March 1st March 1st, 33 years on the year in South Florida.
How do you like that, for old?
They'll come.
Wow.
33 years and he's still puking away every day.
Anyway, Jason checked out the love spawn this morning.
It sucks.
Lots of interviews and guests who are really boring.
He also must have like 10 people mic'd in the studio.
They all talk over each other completely unlistenable.
Wow.
I saw a blue bell ice cream at public's yesterday.
I did not buy it.
It cost almost $7.5 gallon.
Too much for me during these current economic times.
During these hard times.
I hope you have a lovely choice.
Is it now time to release your bowels and then he writes, go ahead.
Go ahead.
George, enjoy your day call.
They all take it easy on the roof.
You don't want cancer balls.
Do you just have to have it in?
Go ahead.
Right.
Go ahead.
The love spawn.
Brandon says I can hear you nice and clear.
Have the he has the day off to go for a while.
Well, that's good.
Yesterday, Bubba was playing dunk tank with his crew.
It made for bad radio because of course you can't see it.
And all you heard for maybe 15 minutes was laughing.
Dunk tank.
On the radio.
And that's like your golf on the radio.
Like that.
Yeah.
Of course, our people on this station, and they love their golf.
The tiger.
It's the tiger.
It's the tiger going to be that tiger.
I hope Tiger announces to the world that he's on the, he's got roids.
Wouldn't that be great?
Tiger's got roids.
Big bad purple ones in his ass.
That would really be bad.
I think we need to change that pool before I go back.
Okay.
Tomorrow these emails, which there aren't that many of them.
I'll think of that right now.
Hey, Neil, I hear it just fine at Earthling DSL and Pompeyno Beach.
Well, you know, Pompeyno Beach is great.
Thank you.
Casey, that's good.
But obviously if the Texas server is down, what's the other one?
Is the California one?
Mm hmm.
I'll come Alice Rantell, see if we're the real Alice Rantell.
He would be hearing it.
So that right there, it shows that you're a fake.
You're a fraud, Alice.
Just like you always were.
Total, effing fraud.
Am I right?
You bet you.
Yep.
View previous.
Let me give you the final result in this pool and then we'll move on.
Move along.
Selection.
There you go.
Printed out, went and doubt.
Okay.
Now here's the current pool with Valentine's Day coming up on Saturday.
With that in mind, somebody sent this in the other day and you said it was fine.
The best way to describe my spouse's significant other is, you've got to add something on there.
I don't have one.
Okay.
Don't have one.
My best friend, you're my friend.
My soulmate, ballbuster, total bitch, slut, gorgeous, hot, fat, blood sucker, ball and
chain, fantastic or history.
And also you've got to put on there and don't have one.
Just did.
Did you put it?
There it is.
And so now I'm voting.
I don't have no significant other.
Although I do have big boobies, but no other.
So many choices.
Somebody want?
So many choices.
Oh, I thought you said something about choices.
Oh, no.
So many choices and so little time.
That's what I said.
Here's the final tabulation of that crappy and 951 votes.
If I knew that today was my last day on earth, I would blank.
Spent the day having sex, 313 all day.
Now then those emails, those spam emails would come in handy about Cialis and Vagrina.
When they come in handy, they do a land off his business.
Of course they'd be dead the next day, so what are they going to do with all the money?
The last day on earth, everything should be for free, shouldn't it?
Right?
I mean, you know, who needs profits on the last day on earth?
So just give everything away for free.
Here you want to drive a beautiful Corvette.
Here you go.
Here's the keys.
Go have a great time.
Spent the day having sex, 313.
Spend a quiet day with my family, 215 quiet.
Do something I've always been afraid to try 100.
Like jump off a 50 year floor building.
Run all my credit cards up to the max 83.
That just doesn't make any sense.
It's silly.
Why would people have to...
Why would you pay for anything on the life if you knew...
If everybody knew, I see if I knew today was my last day on earth.
See, I'm not even reading the poll right.
My bad.
You're bad.
No, seriously, if today was my last day, not even not the last day for a mankind, right?
Well, I'm misinterpreting the poll.
Whatever.
No, not whatever.
It doesn't matter.
Eat everything I've been avoiding for years, 49.
Barge into my boss's office and pee on his desk or maybe even take a big wild joist, 48.
Spend a day in church, 43.
Go to Disney World, 35.
Confess my love to someone, 27.
It's another shot at love.
Make a man's...
Seriously, if that show doesn't...
If they don't take that thing off the ear, I'm going to kill somebody.
Make a man's with friends who have fallen away, 21, and stay in bed all day, 17.
Just lay there like a lump waiting to die and just mumble.
I'm dying over here.
No, I'm mumble.
Not so loud.
More like...
Yeah, like that.
Yeah.
Walnut says...
It's amazing how people take things personal, but they don't even make up a name.
Subject, state of mind.
Neil, I heard you taking a deep shot at me yesterday toward the end of the show regarding my email
from a few days ago about the food in Rome.
How could I take a cheap shot or even an expensive shot when you're anonymous?
Right.
Of course, you turn it into a personal attack on character as is your want instead of discussing facts.
There is no specific notion that you can dispute.
Right.
Are you saying that it's impossible for an Italian chef to leave Italy, or they lose their ability once they cross the border?
Now, I say it's very unlikely that they're going to find the same ingredients.
That's what I'm saying.
Are you saying that it's impossible to ship ingredients or machine-reward wide?
Yeah, you're not going to ship the great produce worldwide and have it still retain its original greatness.
That's what I'm saying.
Actually, even within Italy, most foodies would probably agree that Rome is filled with trotterias where the owners just look and make a quick buck.
Whereas the other regions of Italy have higher concentrations of eateries with owners who have a real passion for their food.
You're full of crap.
Then, of course, you're always talking about how great the food is in certain northern European cities you visited.
You realize that if you're actually eating the food, native to that area, you'd be hearing and rye bread.
But that's not what I'm eating.
It's exact same concept. No, it is not.
The ingredients and recipes in the restaurants there have been imported.
Once again, a further proof that it's all state of mind for you.
As it's difficult for you, you have a stubborn, strong opinion on something which you know little or nothing about.
And, of course, you don't have to worry audiences feuding your crap.
They're intellect is way below average to begin with, and 95% and probably don't even possess a passport.
That's right. Their audiences way below you, like being the great intellectual that you are.
The great food maven that you are. The great world traveler. The great pervert expert that you are and everything.
Hearing my ass.
How do you do that?
And, what did I talk about how great that I talked about like in Berlin.
I love the bratwurst.
Yeah.
And, they have some good ethnic restaurants, but not like in Rome.
You think that you're going to find in Berlin an Italian restaurant with the food like in Rome.
You're dreaming. You're dreaming.
And, let me say this, Mr. I have no name, not even a fake one.
Let me say this to you.
If I like it, I like it. I don't have to answer to you. I don't have to answer to anybody.
That's what I like.
Yeah. How do you like that? I know that's revolutionary.
That's really revolutionary and very unacceptable in your little myopic world, but nevertheless, that's the way I live my life.
I like what I like. If you don't like it, fine.
If you like it, great. If you don't like it, that's okay, too.
As a famous philosopher once said, if you don't like it, go ahead.
Right.
Eat something else.
Eat this.
Or just take the letters of the word this and rearrange them a little bit.
Eat that.
That?
Yeah.
So you slipped up there.
I'm sorry.
That? That?
When you always say that.
I do.
Why? Why not?
This?
Go ahead.
That.
That.
Well, the best way to describe my spouse or significant other is don't have one eight.
Oh, how sad. That's what I voted.
I ain't got no valentine.
Oh, my God.
Alice Rantell says the stream is back on the internet, but not on my iPhone.
Who cares?
Can you ask your listeners if they're hearing the show on U-Tune?
iPhone application.
What's the U-Tune?
He just told you iPhone application.
I don't know and I don't care.
Sick of your crap, Alice.
You know what it might even be the real house.
I don't know what your callers are talking about.
Bluebell Ice Cream is $350 and $2 for $7.
And the oil is going to $36 bucks yet.
Gas is going up every day.
It says, Rowell, you're right.
I was talking about that with my cab guy the other day.
The way they're rafing us again.
The price of oil is going down.
The price of gas is going back up.
And that's because those ragheads want more now.
They want to get, they want to start the old rape routine again.
Those Shmata heads.
Oh, you're so cynical.
Neo, do you think everything is just made up in Fabria?
That's right.
It's all bull crap.
Okay.
The world is a business, Mr. Ville.
Ned Vady won a great performance in the history of ocean pictures.
Am I right?
You bet.
Yep.
Why?
What?
Why?
Why they?
He didn't save why.
Why me?
Right.
Because you're on television, dummy.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
Rock, rock, rock, rock solid.
This is your brain.
You fairies.
You fairy.
Any question?
Olympic superstar Michael Phelps right there.
This photo is the real deal.
And it appears to show Phelps smoking a marijuana pipe.
Olympic Dream?
A Swimming Feed.
He's a human dolphin who just can't be me.
It's 11 on three at five sixty WQM the streaming is back it's on it's green it's a clean machine
on Alice ran tell my ass how the hell do you do that God hey Alice you fairy who you couldn't
here's one that says Neil thanks for taking a few hours out of your busy schedule feeding slot
machines to do a show for us today no problem any chance you can postpone your vacation another week
I'll be working next week we'll have nothing to listen to the week after I'll be off so be much better
for me sorry sorry mister no can do 604 area code where's that let me go look yeah go look take a
look now that you got your computer back up and working thanks to whoever fixed the Georgia's
computer my computer that I'm who Timmy Timmy Timmy 604 looking looking Vancouver really that's
where I should know that how do you like that 604 no less wow pretty impressive Adam Oshmak also
another Canadian Oshmak if you have time you should go see milk it's really really good movies
but Harvey milk it's not about else you the board and cow also you happen to catch a
premiere from G's to Gents and MTV it's possibly the only word show it's only the only
word show then a shot it yeah oh there are other word shows than that oh I forget what they call it
oh where they're all sitting in a trailer waiting to go out and be rejected by some ugly bitch
nice some ugly guy next that's right you're right oh you've seen that huh yeah I'm glad you get
subjected to the same crap that I get forced to watch it you know I see it in passing but
another shot no blind date which I wish was back on what blind date that was at least a funny show
why can't they find some hot looking people to put on these shows anyway I mean as bad as
the shows are right who the hell would touch any of those people good per the only shot I want
to get most of those people is out of a 45 and what was with the Jonas Brothers playing with
Stevie Wonder and the Grammys now that was pathetic says Adam well Adam's moving up in the
world now why just because he can't see them was that the blind leading the blind maybe by the
way I'm supposed to ask you which one it is that you like by my dog Joe oh well then because
it's a really doubt that's who she likes I don't know one from the other that's how does
hell man first of all the other kid is 16 years old he's a punk he's and then the other one
is ugly as soon let me disqualify myself by saying that I don't know one from the other because I've
never seen them other than walking past the television I'll take you one I'll do it now no no no no no thank
you it's all right it's all right I had this cut the same conversation with my daughter I don't
know one from the other I have never seen so much as a picture of right like him yeah
Joey exactly what I'm afraid of yes yes that's exactly you might be right right that's the same
reason I don't watch gay porn because I'm afraid I might like it that's yeah right well what's
gay about the Jonas Brothers I don't know everything I mean their music yeah you can't complain
about their music because they don't sing it where you're not understanding me at least that
being honest I understand the fact that he's always made some good music but they weren't really hot
so anyway she likes the same one is the point that I'm so desperately to make well goes to
sure that we both have great taste apparently I don't think it's all that's disputable I can't
dispute it because once again I have not seen them and I have no reason why are you so afraid to
see them I'm not afraid why are you afraid of boobs what why are you afraid of I see plenty of boobs
I'm a boob and the vagina's all the time and look at them and I think well yeah I know I know
you know that's something that's before the show what that's one of the funniest things that you go
through what say the word vagina to Neil and listen to the the the commentary
it's a stereo you are you just I don't know where the hell this all came from what you
was on accusing me of something that you know accusing you of what being a love of joy
of afraid of the Jonas Brothers remember in the the exercise and he said yeah I lied it was for me
the only one of the autographed interest in the one of the autographed member that was in those
twinkies no interest names twinkies I don't know Lee Lee Jay Cobb the inspector he said it was for
his daughter but it was really for him the autograph right so you're telling me that your
daughter's got the hots for Joey Jonas my daughter has the hots for Joe Jonas and she wanted me to
ask well I got I saw him first which I'm sure she did because she wanted to know did she really
she did how old is your daughter 20 oh you're talking about Sabrina done I thought you're talking
about your little six-year-old oh yeah oh yeah I would think that's six years old into the Jonas
Brothers I would think that's more their speed yeah well tell us about ready to say hi number one
number two maybe what you turn seven Josh I'll be say you know date the joyous so smoking the
smoker and the rumors that he might be gay like that which means he can be interested in either one
of us hey in the long time no talks is brand of a fave no kin to a silver in Lafayette the great
defenseman from the Toronto make believes back in the early 90s and the Quebec Nordique so waiting
to hear no one speaks English anymore bit oh get out of here also some more Chris Matthews bits
your show's been much better lately since you've been playing them also I have the same
ball Michael Phelpsons using but much better pot I'm sure that I grow my own as a matter of fact using
the arrow garden the thing on the infomercials it works quite well but only grows about an ounce
and a half at best tell George have a nice bag for him next time I see him at the roller derby all
right thanks for the entertainment while I'm here at work no problem Brandon and George says he'll
take it yes I will he'll take it and he'll like it mhm and he'll smoke it yes look at that it looks
so nice to see those green things back on her again oh oh I'll open away by the fifth dimension
Marilyn McCoo cuckoo cucko choo let's get back to the music again all right I'll place and show
this to be what I'll place and jones brothers for you they don't have any music I'm telling you
right now I might smell any it might have something to do with wine it would have took notice of
You don't have to be afraid to look at Joey. He's not going to be scared.
I'm going to check it out. Look at, look at, look here comes cookie.
Goes to show you. I may be disorganized, but I still can't find that thing by the
fortunes. I haven't really looked that hard for it. I looked on the floor,
but I've got a, a drawer full of discs that I'm sure it's in there.
Now you want to hear some really great music? Please.
One moment please. Maybe my, maybe my machine is,
oh here it goes. CD text, cut one.
Oh yeah. Is this some crap or what? Sounds like, um,
handsome. It's not, but it sounds like same thing.
I'm like, God. This is the Jonas Brothers. This is the Jonas Brothers.
Woo. And paint. And seriously. You know, I burned that CD for you.
I don't know which one that is doing that vocal, but I never, I can't listen to 20
the tracks that I don't have. Oh my God.
I mean, just making sounds with your mouth is what that is. God.
I wouldn't mind, uh, Joey. I would like to have him make sounds with his mouth,
but that's beside the point. You know, that's because I'm an old fag pervert.
And I'm very proud of it. I make no apologies. In fact, Joe Bell got me that the
Jonas Brothers book, which I think is really tacky. Yeah.
It's like saying you pervert old queen you. That's what he was saying.
Now it was a nice, nice act by him. The only one ever since he's been here, but
got that for Christmas. He kept saying, oh, well, wait for your, keep checking the mailbox for your, um,
birthday gift, which never showed up. And then he started saying it for the Christmas gift.
And I thought, wow, yeah, likely story. And guess what? There it was. Wow.
There wasn't like Luke Shen in the box. And it wasn't Joey Jonas in the box, but it was a,
a book, the Jonas Brothers book, which seemed a little bit gay, you know.
So your daughter likes Joey Jonas. Well, that's good. She's got good taste. Yes.
She also doesn't like their music. So they don't make any music. Let me say it again.
There's nothing to like because they have never done anything even. I mean, what you just heard is
that was the big hit. I thought I just turned what you just heard. was a turd on a,
turd on a disc. I can smell it. And the good news is my, the pressure and my colon has
subsided. I'm sure the audience is very excited about that. Right. Especially the ones whose
motto is I have no lie. Yeah, they're very excited about our bms and when we take them and what
their shape like and the aroma.
About minutes past 11 at 560 WQM.
David's a bitch.
Go go go go go.
I just know how to David in it.
We're gonna have a little union here.
Killed the an eye.
Well, he was the little problem with the stone show
fiend in it.
I think that the satellite fell down as something.
Yeah, like him butt.
Why I'll have you know my butt tucks on the lightfully fine.
Thank you very much.
Now if they don't mind, let's retoy into the sanctity of sport.
How about a little touchy feeling?
Now see here.
See where?
Over here.
Okay.
Now see here.
Watch your hands.
What a sucker.
Yeah, it's so stupid.
I am so stupid like they say.
I'm the official voice of the panties.
Take deal.
Why I'll have you know I made my bones when you were in embryo.
How do you know?
Well, it is.
There's something I never told you.
Yeah.
Really?
I'm your father.
Daddy.
Son.
I'm an embryo.
I'm just not out of here.
That's what was the role.
Okay, 11-18.
Now if you go to your email, you'll find a couple of interesting things.
First of all, I just see that Israeli chicks.
Yeah.
I'm gonna go kill some Palestinians and see if I can score some points for them.
It says to me in this email to show you how stupid some people are.
Neil, I know you hate Israelis.
What did I ever say I hated Israelis?
Never.
But what do you think of the two Israelis in the New Sports Illustrated swimsuit edition?
Bar Rafelli and SD Ginsburg.
Well, it's more of your, yeah, it's still up my alley.
And it's still up there.
I approve.
I'm gonna go over there and start killing Palestinians.
You'll learn to see if it makes any sense.
Now you get the other picture as well.
Which one?
I only got one from you.
There are two pictures in the same email.
Is that what you're talking about?
No.
No.
The Jonas Brothers.
No.
I only got one email from you.
You didn't get it?
I said and received.
Ah, there it is.
You got it?
Okay.
I'd say, uh...
No, I don't know who the dude is on the right.
I have no idea.
Because there's only three of them.
Okay.
Oh, it's not working for me.
What?
It's not working for me, man.
Let me try some roundabout sort of ways.
What do you mean it's not working for you?
What does that mean?
How do you know you haven't paid works?
And then it doesn't work.
Oh, right.
There we go.
Sorry, does it work?
You're not it?
I had to cut and paste it.
The kid on the right, I have no idea who he is.
The goofy looking guy, I don't know.
The one on the left, that's the younger one, the 16 year old.
I have no idea what his name is.
I don't care anyway.
Joey is the one with the dark, with the sports jacket on.
And then the really ugly one is the one third one, if I say it.
What the curly hair?
The other one with the curly hair.
With like a dicky around his neck.
Right.
Okay.
Oh, what?
Do hiki around his neck?
Yeah.
You got a hiki.
Yes.
Anyway, Joey Jonas is the second one from the left.
Okay.
Okay, what?
Acknowledged.
Acknowledged what?
That he's there?
Now I know what he looks like.
Oh, okay.
He looks pretty good.
Okay.
69 votes on the pool.
What?
I said, okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh.
Oh.
But of course there, real religious freaks, you know, and they don't touch it.
They're not doing it.
They're saving it for a rainy day and they don't even touch their own.
Maybe they touch each other's.
I have no idea about it.
I'm sure they use tongues when they go to the bathroom just to not touch it.
Do they really?
Tongues.
Tongues for the...
Tongues for the what?
Tongues for the bomb.
Maybe Michael Phelps has got one of those.
Tongues for the bomb.
Yeah.
Wow.
We can say Ding Dong, the witch's dead.
We can say that.
We can't.
I'm sorry.
Ding Dong, the witch's dead.
The best way to describe my spouse or significant other is 69 votes.
I mean, unless you actually see somebody in person, you don't...
Oh, I think the...
Here you go.
Francisco says, I think the three times.
I think the...
Wow.
Maybe he stutters.
And that's all he says three times.
I think the...
Oh, he's just going to keep sending it over and over.
I'm going to keep deleting it over and over and over.
I think the reality day, he just can't get his act together.
Sorry, Francisco.
Idiot.
The best way to describe my spouse or significant other is I don't have one 17.
My best friend's 17.
Isn't that sweet?
Oh.
I saw him made 11.
History five.
Fat five.
Total bitch four.
Ballbuster four.
Fantastic two.
Bloodsucker two.
Ball and chain one.
Slut one.
Hot now.
Really?
Why am the only one that voted Slut?
You know, you better watch yourself.
One day you're going to go home and there's going to be a lock on that door.
Oh, jeez, really?
I'm not kidding.
And what are you going to do then, Mr. Hot Shot?
I'm going to be a big padlock on your pan.
A rock.
A rock.
A rock.
What?
Who started that crap?
For the crib.
Who started that garbage?
I think as with most things, our brothers, our dark, complex brothers, invented the
lingo.
They invented all the cool things.
Oh, yeah.
That's about as cool as an elephant's fart.
Well, how's the crib?
We copy everything they do eventually.
It reminds me that Ron and Ron can't get that out of my mind.
Right on.
You know, all the lingo that has become common.
What you got to the meetings?
No.
That's my rule.
I won't.
That's true.
That's the rule for me.
You're in radio?
I don't want to talk to you.
I don't want to see you.
I don't want to know you.
You're in the business.
I don't want to know you.
Lose my number.
Now, how do you really feel?
The business has been meand you over the years.
You haven't taken enough out of it.
The business has been so cool to me.
I thank you.
And now I can go away in peace very, very, very soon.
Goodbye.
I think we just signed off.
No, no, no, no.
Just me.
Just me signing off.
How's the crib?
How's it down south crib?
Nice.
That's right.
That was great.
That was great.
A hissy fit right on the ear.
That was our choice radio moment.
That Ron Diaz, man.
I mean, the other one with the the fro and the whole day.
I mean, he was dreadlocked.
What I call him?
Oh, I'm not going to say that.
I'm sorry, the dreadlocks get it right.
The thing that really amazed me about them is that they were doing a TV show for radio.
Sure.
Right.
Nobody could see it.
It's like that thing with Bubba and the brand it was talking about.
And what I don't understand is that Ron Diaz, who you talk about, was easily one of those humorous people I've ever encountered in my life on or off the air.
And that was supposed to be a comedy show, a funny show.
When you can hear it in that bit.
And that that was funny.
But that all but not on purpose.
Well, here's an interesting email.
Not it's a very cool state.
You're ready.
The 12% of the entire population of Jamaica lives in Toronto are the Sri Lankans still on protesting.
Where's the flooding got to them?
And they all got washed away and believe me, they could use it.
They got a good free bath.
The Sri Lankans.
I still don't know what that whole channel tiger is all about.
Isn't it about golf?
I don't know.
The tiger, or the tiger, or the tiger is going to be a detergent tiger.
Who cares?
Trubman Dread.
Nasdaq down 17.
The S&P is down 17.
Oh boy.
That means the Dow must also be down.
CNN and those little teeny tiny numbers in the bottom right hand of the screen.
If you got a big, big microscope.
If you got a magnifying glass, you might be able to see it.
Dow got 165 points.
But when's your bomb of bounce coming?
There it is.
Jonas Brothers, picks.
I'll send you a whole bunch more if you want them.
Oh, no, thank you.
Good, thanks.
Now, you must have an opinion on what he looks like.
He's a good looking guy.
There you go.
He's that handsome young man.
They're very good.
That's a good way of putting it.
I would say he's hot as a pistol, but that's because I'm an old fag.
Seven cents still.
It opened at six and now it's seven cents serious.
Boy, for a dollar, you can buy 14 shares and have a couple of pennies left over for bubble gum.
I wonder how much it cost for bubble gum nowadays.
What do you think?
I don't know, I buy the minty kind.
The what?
I buy mint gum like tried to get the whole mint.
I can't stand mint.
Anything.
I hate mint.
Yeah, I heard you like the mints.
No, I don't like mints or those who mints.
So George gives his approval to the swimsuit ladies from Israeli-Israeli ladies.
Yes, that's enough to come.
I give my approval to Joey Jonas and a big bonus.
I'll go ethnic cleansing for them.
I pay him a big bonus, which you don't need my money.
They're making more money than God based on what talent.
Oh my God, the Chotis.
Jonas bonus.
Here's one that, well, let's see, back to back.
Goes to show you.
Thanks for taking the week off.
We can't wait for Georgia shows to start.
Take pocket of wood buying.
And then one that says from Adam, the fake Adam Kirchner,
what's up with Georgia?
Sounding more and more like the bird without the funny cackle.
What's up his ass?
Boy, what a mouth content.
So you see, here's somebody who can't wait for you to do this.
By the way, George won't be here tomorrow.
He'll be here, fleeing me and exwee, Georgian flee.
Lot of flee.
Lot of laugh and enscratching with the flee, myster.
I still think that's a pretty good idea for you to afford.
Fakes somebody else use that same line before in case you don't want to.
What's up with Georgia?
Sounds like the bird without the cackle.
So fake Adam Kirchner, man.
Maybe it's the real Adam Kirchner.
He's handed with your ass.
The road is the same thing under a fake other name.
Well, here we go again.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
Do you suffer from severe pre-menstrual symptoms every month?
Fakes for one s*** in seconds.
Kick your s*** in ass.
What the s*** are you doing?
If so, it could be more serious than just typical PMS.
No, no, don't shut me up.
What don't you s*** in understand?
If you experience severe emotional or physical distress prior to menstruation.
I like this in the background.
What the s*** is it with you?
You may be eligible to participate in a research study being conducted in our area.
Shut the s*** up.
See our website.
No, no, no.
It's 11.31 a.k.a.m.
So I got some shocking news here.
Let me strap myself in.
From Barry Jackass.
Real or imaginary in the subject Lee Feldman.
Flea.
I wasn't pretty sad and this has been going on for a long time.
Not just with the present regime, but even especially back during the Greg Greg news.
I mean, I was going to read the days.
For a second there, I forgot his name.
I had a brain fart.
So forgettable.
Barry is the conduit.
We have to find out everything that's going on inside the building from Barry Jackass.
Nobody tells us nothing, including your close personal friend Lee.
Lee Feldman up to assistant PD at WQM Beasley.
Sports QAM, promotions and marketing director.
Lee Flea Feldman adds duties as assistant PD for the station.
And by the way, speaking of Steve Sloan, where's my Gulf Stream stuff for tomorrow?
You know, just to mention that in passing.
Where's the entries?
Where's the affordable?
Feldman was APD MD across town Clear Channel Rock Zeta before joining WQM.
He's also worked as PD Morningman at alternative WJBX Ford Myers.
And on the air rock WXTB Tampa.
WQM may have future on-air plans for a Feldman it says.
How do you like that?
From Barry Jackass Real or Imaginary.
Now, did you know any of that?
I knew he was helping out.
I didn't know that there were any official titles or designations involved.
Yeah, he's helping Clearance out the door.
Nice going, Flea.
Help him out the door.
Kick him in the ass.
Knock him down those stairs.
Remember the last assistant PD was Clearance.
Remember the way he stabbed Muff in the back?
Payback is a bitch, Clearance.
Oh, this is going to be great.
He wasn't the last assistant PD.
Oh, that's right.
It was Alison.
Now, what happened to her?
All the assistant PDs, man, something strange happens to them.
Strange.
Barry Jackass also has another one.
Randy Rhodes remained off the air Monday.
Where would?
But syndicated Nova Amishu to statement over the names of Rhodes and co-owner Anita Drobney,
saying that the absence unexplained on the air is due to technical problems.
Wow.
The statement reads,
Nova Am continues its efforts to rectify the technical problems that have caused interruption
and Randy's ability to broadcast the Randy Rhodes show.
Randy has made every effort to assist Nova Amishu to the show can be returned to the air immediately.
However, despite her daily concern and intervention, there's nothing more that Randy and her team can do.
We truly regret the inconvenience resulting from this situation, and hope to have it solved without further delay.
Thank you for your continued support.
Nancy Skinner has been filling in while whatever is keeping Rhodes off the air continues.
How do you like that?
Okay.
Some strange things happening in his business really, really strange.
Here's one from David who is a subject gaydar.
This is this is embarrassingly silly.
Just to confirm your keen eye, my wife's friend emailed her copies of Ricky Martin's newly born twin boys.
Of all the dozen pictures, there was none of the mother coincidence.
I think not.
As you say, he floats on thin air.
Good calls his Dave.
I got news for you, David.
It didn't take any gaydar to finger that out.
He is a notorious, notoriously,
BAAAMING!
Ricky Martin.
Liv and La Vida.
Recto.
Recto.
I mean,
Alisa says,
I'm streaming just fine on Eastern Long Island.
Thank you, Neil God.
By the way, we're having a similar issue with the state of New York.
They just want the taxpayers here near to the bill for the overages for both the Yankee Stadium and the city field.
Now they've been called taxpayers field, which they want to rename, Shay Stadium.
How do you like that?
During these economic times,
and they want people to dig into their pockets and pay out tax money to help a billionaires build stadiums.
Like in Miami.
Can't pay the teachers.
We're going to screw the teachers over and break their contract and break their backs.
But oh, we got 750 million over here for David Samson and Jeffrey Loria.
Couple of grave robbers.
How do you like that?
Okay.
Brandon sent me this story from Umia Sweden.
Police mistakes singing for screams.
Oh, maybe that was the adjoiners brothers.
Those were groans.
Swedish police said they broke down the door of a hostel after hearing what seemed to be a woman's screams.
Only discovered opera singer was practicing.
Police in Umia said they eventually became suspicions after a man who appeared to be loitering outside the Gamla.
Fangles said host hostily Friday eventually used a door code to enter the building.
And a sound that resembled a woman's high pitch screams was heard shortly after the man went inside.
Swedish news agency T.T. reported Wednesday.
They thought somebody and there was indistressimated decision to raid the premises.
Police spokesman Pierre something Johnson said.
However, when the police broke down the door, entered the building, they discovered members of a South African.
Something cooking food in the hostel's kitchen.
South African something's chopped off, of course.
A representative from the hostel soon joined the singers explained to police the high pitch sound had been a female member of the choir.
Oh, that's what the word was choir practicing for an upcoming performance at the Norland's operand opera house.
Police said the officers left the building after determining no crimes had taken place.
Maybe it was a CDA cruise.
They kind of come back. What do you think?
Could be, although that didn't sound like opera to me.
Come on now. Don't start playing hard to ask with old Celia just because she's dead.
Not just because she's dead.
Oh, because she deserved it. Maybe? Sure.
It's all Molly's fault.
Technical problem with my laptop said Francisco, but he finally, he, after the fourth try, he finally got it going here.
I think Frank and North Miami, aka fake Francisco.
Oh, I see. Maybe it is Francisco.
And I'm printing it out right now. Maybe it's important. You know, he said it four times.
You think it's important? No. No.
Lincoln's legacy, but they're able to intensive today. A lot of rumors that Lincoln was gay, but then again, you know, they make up stories about everybody, even me.
Here it comes.
Okay, let's see what Francisco would Frank had to say that was so important.
I think the worst of the reality day chose genre has to be for the love of Ray J.
This guy is not even a husband because he never was.
I think he had maybe one R&B hit, but the true claim to fame is being the little brother of Brandy, who had a slew of R&B hits throughout the 90s, as well as her own ponderous after school style sitcom on the UPN network.
I can't begin to believe Ray J has that much money after these little sluts would come out of the woodwork for.
They must have seen the stolen handicap footage of him banging the smoldering hot cam Kim Kardashian.
It either like this technique or the kid must pack a freaking nine hour.
Rock of love with Brett Michaels is equally bad. Oh, yes, it is.
Michaels look better when he was 18 year old and dragged, but as his white trash genetic said in the guy, I ended up looking like a train wreck of backwards inbreeding.
I wonder if his fingers are webbed.
Notice he never removes the rogue gain saturated bandana. It's probably because his hairline starts where your skull cap begins.
As for flavor of love, is the premise really believable?
Flavor looks like an almond joy with gold teeth with no residuals left over from his days in public enemy, the rap group that made him famous.
Probably due to legal fees from his numerous arrest for cocaine possession and alimony slice child support issues.
Starting for the story for the stupid I think emails earlier my laptop crap up and listening forever will rain to do so.
Thanks Frank and North Miami AKA friend C school.
Oh, no, you're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
Neil.
On an only dirty job.
Three things come to mind when George is on your mind.
Paynuts, inbred hillbillies and bathtub crack.
Now what we're going to do here today is pack peanuts. Doesn't sound too dirty.
What do we have here, cleaties?
Oh, well this here.
Oh, this is cleaties by the way.
Hi.
Looks like rat poo everywhere.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, it's all over the place.
Now, our job is to mix it into the peanuts.
Swirl it in?
Oh yeah, you say it's swirling it like you stir the rat poo until it disperse into a peanut.
Okay.
Like this?
Oh, yeah, I'm just going to be mad.
And now what you're done with that?
Spray it all down with insecticide.
Then print it off, right?
Let's it off?
Yeah.
Oh, no, no, no.
You don't want any clickers getting on it.
You leave it on there.
Leave it.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You just leave it on there and you're done.
You know, people put this in their mouth.
Oh, well, it's the FTCAA, a.S.B.C.A.
They said it's all right.
You mean the FDA?
Oh, it has M2.
Making 30 foods is a 30 job.
Well, you'll never guess which fake I got an email from just now.
I give up.
The fake Tom Jicke.
Oh, excellent.
See, if you want to be a fake somebody, be a fake somebody else.
Don't be a fake Tom Jicke because he and I've got a code word that we use, so I know it's the real Tom Jicke.
In addition to which he's, he doesn't pay any attention to radio any house, so why would he care about this?
From Tom Jicke's subject, Josh Darrow.
Neil, I just received the press release from the station.
Does the new PD have anything to do with the rumored format change?
Oh, I've been getting a lot of recent email from local radio people about this, including Stan Major, Johnny Darking, Greg V. Dill.
Inquiring minds, want to know what I know, which is nothing.
Can you fill me in?
Tom.
He's been getting a lot of a recent email from fake this one and fake that one.
Yeah.
And this is from the fake Tom, so I do like that.
All the fake week, all the time, it's like it's gone full circle now.
They really had.
And was all started by the fake Barry Jackins.
So I guess maybe there was a press release, eh?
I've seen flea, you've seen hide or here.
No, I've not seen here nor hide.
Although the food is arriving right now, so I'm fun to be distracted.
The food is arriving right now.
You know what it just dawned on me?
What?
You don't have any?
Do you ain't got none?
No, what it just dawned on me is that there's no, um, today is Thursday.
Right?
There's been no spot.
Ah.
Yeah.
Well, scandalous.
Oh, what about Johnny Bag of Chips?
What?
I said, hey, how's it going?
One moment, please.
On the border, may he come, oh, baby, and there was no spot today.
Somebody's bad.
This is what happens when you're running a radio station on automatic pilot.
Right?
So you can do a little spot because it noon the, uh,
certificates go on sale.
It's Thursday.
We'll say, well, dance.
On the border.
Now, what do they bring you?
I don't know.
I ordered a chimichanga, but there's like a whole bunch of food here.
So I'm going to start rifling through it during the outbreak there.
Good.
Anyway, on the border is, uh, in Miami, legs, candle in Pembroke Pines,
and starting in 13 minutes at noon, you can log out at WQM.com and get a $50 certificate
for just 25 bucks, too, on the border, Mexican grill in Cantina.
And George is going to give you a big, solid dance about how great the food is, which I'm sure it is.
Any minute now.
How do you like that?
This place just continues setting new lows in broadcast history, just amazing.
Oh, the log is all automated now.
And about about a BBB BBBBBB, yeah, right?
Unbelievable.
Shocking.
Ain't it?
It is.
It is shocking.
Now they can't, but it come.
What?
It's not scandalous.
That's not even weak.
Were you about to say something like that anybody come in and like pay attention to anything that you're saying or?
Yes.
No.
No.
I see.
You need to be funny in your advanced age.
Uh-huh.
This seems to be a weekly thing that goes on.
We've got the, uh, the two for one restaurant thing going on every Thursday.
We've had it going on for like 800 years.
And it goes over really well usually.
But they just can't get the spots on.
They can't get their, uh, they can't wrap their arms around it.
They can't get their legs around it.
There's something really strange going on in connection with this.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
Exactly.
That's Mufkin.
I'd have said, uh, I didn't see that coming.
Well, there you go.
Maybe I might even play another one.
Go ahead.
But I don't think so.
Well, when you said the food just arrived, all of a sudden, like, little, uh,
little light bulb starting to lighten up over on the top of my head.
Yeah.
Like, oh, my ears day.
And where were those spots?
Right.
Oh, well, the border.
We'll just have to, uh, talk a lot about them.
So what do you got?
A whole bunch of covered dishes on the other side of where I'm seeing.
Oh, I see.
I'm going to get up and go rightfully through the food in the middle of a segment here.
I mean, I can't see it.
I've been eating on here lately.
What's wrong with that?
That always solicits that great hate email.
Oh, you swab.
Oh, in fact, I got one in here today.
I'm sorry.
Let me look through my pile.
Memory STA had the pasta.
Vastala pasta.
Ben Schmiegel.
He's back again.
The great connoisseur.
You know, Ben?
No.
And the sub day is oink oink oink.
In reference to my eating my nickelina frozen pasta yesterday.
Good job on the air today.
I'm the same guy that emailed you about eating on there a few days ago.
No, Schmiegel, Ben.
No kidding.
You're the one.
Today was the worst yet really bad.
At one point, it sounded like you were gardening into the microphone.
Is it true?
Nobody has ever complained about this?
Perhaps it's because I actually have balls.
Or maybe because you're just a pain in the ass.
Even George was angry at one point and couldn't understand you.
I don't remember that, do you?
About what?
You were angry that I was eating because you couldn't understand what I was saying?
No.
No.
Well, why would anyone eat on the air?
Because I want to.
Right.
If you need to consume food, find, get a liquid meal.
I can sure or shake, but that eating was just vile.
I'm not getting a liquid meal, okay?
I don't want to.
Why stop with eating on the air?
Why not do everything on the air?
Then go to the bathroom on the air.
Far down the air.
Have sex on the air.
Come on, you know, keep on eating.
I know I'll be turning it off till you slip whatever disgusting pasta we're eating today.
And I really don't think I'm the only one grossed out.
George, speak up.
You know you've felt it too.
You have to feel this, Ben.
I'm feeling it now.
And for your information in my country, etiquette school is optional in school.
Well, excuse us.
That we're such a bunch of Slavios.
Ben smiegel my ass.
How do you like that?
So I want you to eat that food on the air with relish today.
I don't think they brought any relish.
Oh, well, I mean like, you know, I got no peppered chili chunga.
Do you really?
It's almost as funny as it is today.
Now, let me exactly say it is as a chunga.
I don't think I've ever heard of fried burrito.
Is it?
I'm being overly simplistic, but isn't that the nut shell?
I'll take it for that.
Okay, I can say that.
It's a fried burrito in a nut shell.
Right.
In an acorn shell.
I see.
Hmm.
How is it?
Well, I'm unwrapping my silverware right now.
And by that, I mean plasticware.
Yeah.
I know this is just absolutely outrageous.
If the people are there, and I'm sure they are, from on the border,
they ought to go out in the hallway, start screaming and yelling,
where is the, and of course we have no idea who the sales hole is,
who's a peonies in here right now.
What do you mean?
Who?
He's outraged as well.
Who?
There's nobody to bribe anymore.
You know, like the old days used to be able to see you.
He needs money, yeah.
He used to be able to bribe the traffic lady and get your file on.
He's doing on our side of the building.
I thought he worked for a power.
Never lost.
Apparently the sales department over here needs some help.
Oh, they need some help, all right.
Well, I sure hope we do well today because it's here won't be because
the traffic department, which you don't have on anymore, is on top of this crap.
No, I don't want to upset what's his name.
Who?
The email you just read?
Ben Schmiegel.
Well, that's right.
George is talking with his, he's eating with his, uh, talking.
Oh, this is so good.
The cheese is all nice and melted.
You know melted.
That's the key.
The sauce is awesome.
It's not runny.
Friendly else is.
Oh, no, not your friend.
Not your friend.
I say it.
But he says friendly, yeah, I was listening to the archives, heard some
moment bad mouth, blue bell ice cream, tell her and her boyfriend they're full of crap.
You're full of crap.
I bought a tub of the other day of their cookies and cream flavor.
It was delicious cookies and cream.
It was very creamy, full of flavor and the cookies were of excellent grade as opposed
to the bland vanilla chocolate combo she and her boy Schmiegel on each other, her
boy toy.
The record I can't stand eating just plain vanilla chocolate for that matter.
Maybe that's the reason she hates the brand so much.
Maybe she's a plain Jane.
But in any way, it kicks major ass better than briars, better than publics brand or any
store brand and especially better than E.D.'s, whose main ingredient is chocolate powder
and water.
Feth.
Anyway, thanks for the free show and we love George.
Not your friend, Friendly Elle.
This is an excellent email from Oishmojju, who finally recovered from the bad one he
said yesterday, whatever it was, it was real crap.
He says, is it me or a Senator Lindsey Graham, a specified mommy's boy, Redneck Pain
in the ass, that is correct.
Lindsey Graham, Yahoo!
I never met anyone as irritating as this old queen.
Come out of the closet already.
He makes Charles Nelson right to look like John Wayne and then it's signed.
I have no life.
Yes.
Well, we a lot of us suffer that problem.
So PD Lenny is involved in this, huh?
No wonder they kept that quiet.
I didn't take it with a secret.
What do you mean by that?
Are you talking with your mouth full again?
Yes.
Now, here's a quick spy report from John.
Actually, there's quite a bit of crap here with these emails.
Thank God, because we still got two hours and five minutes to go, nothing I'm counting.
Nothing I have an important date with the machine at the 2 this afternoon.
Well, about 235.
John says just a quick spy report about a turd that apparently will not stay flushed.
The big O had worn chromardi call in on what sounded like it was a can at the end of a string
yesterday after you went off the air.
I don't know if it was just the phone where he's gotten really heavily into drugs since
he went off the air, but he was even more unintelligible than usual.
There was seriously like a 22nd string of baffling syllables punctuated by, you know?
Anxiously awaiting the Lenny Martez call in.
John, you're laughing with your mouth full.
Sorry.
Okay, five minutes, these certificates go online at the QM.
Let me get your test.
Let me say it again in five minutes, the certificates go on sale at wqm.com.
Find the neal deals there.
Click on one of those links that might work.
And whoever's responsible for this, for this, whatever it is, needs to be a Schmidt
can immediately not sooner.
Joe Bell.
Joe Bell and his computer threw on both out on the street in Lenny and PD Lenny will
run over both of them.
He'll stake and steal what's your name's company car Jaguar.
What's the brand's company car and run over both of them.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
Real American A-hole.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you.
Mr. I still think it's funny to ask if it's cold enough for you guy.
Mr. I still think it's funny to ask if it's cold enough for you guy.
There you stand in front of the happy mart with that stupid smile and mustard stain ski
parker with the busted zipper asking frigid passerby's if it's cold enough for them.
Is it cold enough?
Shut up.
It's because of morons like you that according to Jim is still on the air.
We are suffering the worst winter in decades and the last thing anybody needs is your idiotic
commentary.
It is a cold enough for you.
Stifle it.
The last time anyone saw liquid water outdoors, Bush was still in office and OJ was a free
man.
We don't need the reminder.
It's a cold enough.
Global warming may very well be the biggest load of government issued crap since the Warren
Commission and Ed Begley Jr. can shove that hybrid up his butt.
That doesn't mean I have to listen to your stupidity every morning.
So we salute you.
Mr. I still think it's funny to ask if it's cold enough for you guy.
Your hat with the ear flaps, your one out forty five of the curly shuffle and your wire
rims.
You are a real American a-hole.
You fare it.
Twelve two at five sixty WQM.
We got sixty nine left.
We started with a hundred certificates for on the border Mexican grill in Cantina.
There was so much food.
Good.
That means you can talk all the way up till two o'clock with food in your mouth.
Just like that.
And then Ben Schmiegel will say, oh, I thought it was only you, but now you've trained
you.
You've trained your trained monkey.
That's right.
Yeah.
That's the way George is.
I'm going to give it.
I'm going to give it a little bit more time.
I'm going to give it a little bit more time.
I'm going to give it a little bit more time.
I'm going to give it a little bit more time.
I'm going to give it a little bit more time.
I'm going to give it a little bit more time.
Just nuke that up here in the next few minutes.
Yeah.
And we could talk and steer it with our mouth full.
How do you like that?
New format.
Just revenge.
Meagle.
And his country.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
What country is that?
Who knows?
He's from a hunger.
Twice, not once, but twice.
He's got to be a fake.
Sixty one left.
We still got sixty one to go.
We started with a hundred.
These are fifty dollars certificates.
They're just twenty five bucks sixty left.
Adam Oshmok is back again who just for you know took a couple of days off.
And now he's back with eight million emails every day.
Bluebell.
They have a butter finger flavor.
Get your it's the FedEx you.
Some maybe jolly joble.
That's on yummy.
Send you some.
Does sound great.
I'll be there.
I always tell you about.
You know what I always tell you though about those candy bar flavors of ice cream.
Most of them below.
You're most of them suck right.
They don't have enough candy bar in them.
Now score of course is an exception.
And what was the other one?
The Nestleys said that I was so crazy about there for a while.
I forget.
Turtle.
Turtle very good.
Nestleys turtle.
I've got all over the microphone when I said that.
No, it sounded like it.
Yeah.
Oh no.
Just for a bench megal.
Oh my god.
He took etiquette class.
Sounds really.
Yeah, like a screamer.
Jimmy Chongger for the rest of the week.
You're going to do what?
You're going to be farting from it?
No, it's on the microphone.
I'm going to be smelling it.
You're going to be sniffing it, huh?
Or Lee Wilk.
Good thing nobody else.
Now we're down to a 58.
They're going to chunk here and a chunk there.
On the border, Mexican Grill.
Three locations.
Three locations, candle 122.95 Southwest 88th Street.
Pembroke Pines, 12100 Pines Boulevard and Pembroke Pines.
By the mall.
And Miami, what?
By the mall.
By the mall.
And Miami Lakes 15301 Northwest 67th Ave.
And Miami Lakes.
Three locations.
And the certificates are good, obviously, at any location.
Right.
So what did PD Laney do?
He said, sorry, hissy fit.
57 left.
What do you do?
You get like all bug-eyed, like, you know, nothing that's unusual for him.
There was arms in the air.
Did a little bit of flapping.
Did he really?
Redder, like in the face.
Got redder in the face.
Yeah.
How could you tell?
Cause it was redder.
Hey, no, it's like coming to have some food, baby.
Hope yourself, anything you want in here, it's all yours.
Who's in there?
No, it's not.
Oh, no, it's in there.
Yeah, she's good people.
Hi, no, it's not.
He also says, hi.
He said, just give me the food.
The other restaurant is totally scooping on her.
Scammin.
Sorry, everybody does.
56 left.
We almost got half of the soul already.
That's not so bad, especially considering the way that they...
The radio station has screwed up this deal.
I think we oughta give them something like a Jobelle's head.
What?
Thank you, baby.
Oh.
No, I have lipstick on me.
You just shared a big wet kiss with Nozzlin?
Yes, I did.
I see.
Well, she's certainly been around a long time.
Yes, she has.
Jesus survivor.
Of course, who would fire her?
Nobody.
I know I might fire that other one out there at that front desk.
That's screaming.
Baaaammy.
Carlos.
But I guess we have to have one token screamer, you know?
I thought that was you.
No, I'm not screaming enough.
Baaammy.
How's that for the screaming?
Here is, let's get back to the emails, get back to the show.
We just don't want to hear you eating and keeping an addiction on your until two o'clock.
Because then, then what's his name?
Ben Schmiedel.
We'll get all of a set again.
We wouldn't want to do that.
Where I come from, we don't tolerate that kind of, well, go listen to another show with no...
They don't need down here, Ben.
Get lost.
Take a hike.
Get on the pike and take a hike.
Down to 55.
They're going like one or two at a time.
That's okay.
It's supposed to like big chunks.
You know what I mean by big chunks?
Oh, yeah.
I'm sure you do.
Here's one from Andrew who says,
I completely agree with you in George's that the Manfred Man versioner blinded,
rips the hischreds out of Springsteen's original.
Is there any doubt?
That's like saying that Joey Jonas is the best looking at the three kids, you know.
I mean, is there any doubt if you got like even one eye that works a little bit,
you can tell that.
That's what Andrew says.
I got one eye in his fly.
Wow, it says what?
That Joey Jonas is the one to like.
Who's Andrew?
Andrew's in here at Scarfonson Food.
She's one of the sales assistants.
I don't see.
I don't see.
I see.
I see anybody who likes Guy is like to Joey Jonas.
The 16 year old looks a retarded and the other one is uglier than Minotaurus.
Are you playing blinded by the blight?
I am.
I am.
And this is God to be Manfred Man.
I wouldn't touch the other one.
I already might have the other one.
Rolled up in a douche.
Retro, black and douche, another runner in the night.
See, I don't kill it anybody.
He says, now we know what the lyrics are because we've seen them printed out.
We always sing them wrong on purpose, anyway.
But when you hear the song, there's no way anybody ever knew what those lyrics are.
So we always used to like make them up, you know.
Yep.
Rolled up like a douchebox.
Blinded, rips the hischreds out of Springsteen's original.
Another little on fact is that the Holland Oats hit Family Man was originally written by...
Michael Oatfield.
Michael Oatfield.
Another little on fact is that the Holland Oats hit Family Man was originally written by Michael Oatfield of Tubular Bell's fame.
Yes.
Wow.
And did I ask you the other day?
Didn't we have this already?
I don't know.
This is the Michael Oatfield version of that song.
Nobody knows from this song.
It wasn't a very big hit for two people.
Yeah.
Good song by either person.
And nobody ever heard of it.
And it's on his five miles out now.
Well, it's definitely a pop music version for my kids a bit edgy in this space.
His usual excellent guitar work.
I ask anyone has ever heard the two that I'll tell you the old fuel version kicks ass.
He's right.
Let me compare them.
Well, Andrew, we agree with you were a taste in semi-popular music.
I guess pretty much covers the rum with musical taste on the plan today.
Thanks Andrew.
But how about another shot in love?
How about a shot in love?
Seriously, whoever is responsible for that concept needs to be shot.
Another shot in the head.
Sorry.
What was the Holland Oats version we were comparing Family Man's family men?
I never heard it.
Most people haven't.
Never heard Family Man by Holland floats.
I know all my other all in floats.
51 left on the on the border Mexican Real 51.
Slowly but surely they will buy them.
I mean, you know, the way times are right now if you can get half off on a nice meal.
Sounds like a deal to me, a neal deal.
When you when you said that when you said the food is here.
Yeah.
If you could have seen to look on my push.
Little bell went on.
I mean, but this seems to be going on every week now.
You better get a hold of the Duffmaster in here.
Grab her by the ass.
Although you wouldn't be the first and say listen, sweetheart.
What the hell is going on with this crap?
Of course, maybe it's because you know, we got all these.
The new deal now.
The dime it doesn't spot.
Isn't that the new deal?
It's the dime it doesn't.
You know, it doesn't spot something the Arranger Show cost you 10 cents.
Isn't that the deal?
The dime it doesn't?
Yeah.
Not even beats a dollar or a holler.
Well, times are tough, you know?
Yeah.
Well, here's a picture of some lady in a beautiful Corvette.
I think it's Corvette.
Yeah, it is.
Well, I mean, I can't see the ass end of it, but it's obvious that.
How could I not know my Corvettes, huh?
What a jerk.
What?
Down to 50.
51.
Certificate.
Oh, okay.
So in other words, you're eating and you're also keeping an eye on this.
That's because we don't have Fat Chris Aymord to do this to do a lot of stuff on the show.
Sure.
Because they just keep cutting and cutting and slicing and dicing.
Even Ron Popeel never sliced and diced as much as these bastards.
Yeah.
Cut the crap.
That's what I say.
God.
Are those people still there from the restaurant?
Are they gone?
Yeah.
The people, the guy.
Christian.
He's right there.
He's right there.
Thank God.
Well, they're going pretty good.
So, you know, hey, Jay, how you doing?
We were just talking about you this morning.
About who?
Oh, hey, Jay.
I was telling you all about AJ this morning.
Well, that's a new guy that's taking somebody's job.
Gary Sarner's job.
Good.
We like you a lot, then.
It's an open mic in the studio.
AJ, say it a little bit louder so we can dump it.
What do you say to it?
He says, what do you say?
He said, what word did he say?
He said, s**t.
Did he really?
He really did.
Must be a real radio guy walks into a studio with live mics open and says,
and the Irishman who hasn't done that.
Not us.
I did it just this morning.
What you talking about?
Rumor has it that dish network maybe buying serious rights, Alisa.
Very windy in New York today.
A windy here too, honey.
Apparently we have about the same weather as you here on Long Island.
Sirius may also file for bankruptcy.
Yeah, no kidding.
No kidding.
I had serious in my rental car last week.
I was visiting Florida.
It was cool, but it was free.
I would never pay for it.
Apparently, that's how everyone feels.
Hence them going under.
I would pay for Joey Jonas, but that's about it.
At this stage of my life, I'd pay.
He don't need the money, though.
Plus he's a pure, you know what I mean?
He's pure.
I don't know, and I don't care either.
Untouched by human compliance, man.
Pure crap.
By the way, our rental car last week was a 2008 Hertz yellow vet.
See, I told you, I now know why you have the love for the Corvette.
It's pictured below with me down in marathon.
It's a beauty.
Hertz screwed up, so what else is new?
I was promised convertible Mustang,
and even called that morning to confirm it upon our rival at Fort Lauderdale Airport.
They said they didn't have any when we got there.
Refused to take another car.
He found a silver Mustang convertible.
We went out there, loaded the luggage in, walked around to the side.
The car had a flat tire.
Long story short, to shut me in the old man up, they gave me the vet for the same price.
We paid about 450 bucks for a week's rental.
Boy, I want one now.
We managed to open it up on the turnpiking over the 7 mile bridge.
135 with the Huron Fire, very cool.
135 mile per hour.
Do you understand how fast he's talking?
Yeah, that's fast.
On a beautiful...
Well, you know, they were expecting a Mustang and they got a vet.
Sounds like a good deal, honey.
Oh, me!
What's wrong with the old person?
WQA of his proud to bring you the WQAM School of Broadcasting.
Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio.
If you follow our curriculum, the course is free.
Of course you'll work for free.
Call 1-800-1-A-B and speak to our Director of Education, Mr. Lenny Marges.
So, you want me to buy cash out?
A what?
A boy cash out.
Yes.
You have to buy the new-tay news.
New news.
New news.
New news.
New news.
New news.
New news.
New news.
New news.
How take you on the tour?
You need help.
Here we have the Zorro's Beginner's course.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Refined after me, man.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Over here, we have the Zorro's Beginner's course.
Please, no, what you need.
Take him as your call.
I'm going to news.
He'll take him off to me.
I'm coming, I'm coming.
I'm coming, I'm coming.
I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming.
And over here, we have the Heik's nobys to give him.
And I'll open your books to him.
Page of 14.
He paid after me.
And I...
No, that's what I wanted to rethink.
And over here, we have the Heik's nobys to give him.
And over here, we have the Heik's nobys to give him.
Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio.
Oh, radio.
Where you can hear your own voice.
Let the WQAM School of Broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to make your wet radio dreams come true.
I mean a 1.2.
Where will you lose your way?
Go ahead.
Okay, truck 20 at 5.60 WQAM.
So we got 36 to the left.
And you want to know why they're going nicely steadily and surely, but not in big chunks.
Why?
Because they can only buy one.
Oh.
Well then.
Somebody emailed me that.
Oh, because they're only letting you buy one.
Well, that's what the deal is.
If you'd read it.
There you go.
How many deals can I purchase?
Solamente Uno.
One.
Never the last.
Because if you could be used for booze, yes.
Can be used at other locations.
Yes.
Cashback for unused portion.
No.
Use more than once.
If you could get for a visit.
No.
So we got 36 left.
That's pretty good.
Means we sold 64.
35.
$50.
What?
35.
35.
We're alive.
That's pretty good.
Means we sold 65.
Is Phil Sims would say 65.
And we're alive.
And no more job.
Well, he just gives me.
He makes me physically ill.
Phil Sims.
Ill.
You don't know.
You don't know.
It's a sports thing.
When speaking of that, John James is back.
You know what he's written about.
No.
I should say who he's writing about.
Food.
No.
Why George doesn't get sports?
He just.
He just.
This is another guy with a phony guy.
Make up.
I just keep writing anti-Georgian.
I get sports fun.
I just don't like to watch other people play them.
I see.
Neil, stop trying to convince George that sports are good.
He doesn't get it.
Sports is a manly thing that only men can relate to.
That's right.
In ancient times, man would go to battle and hunt.
In our society, sports has replaced hunting and battles.
All this is about you.
Take emailer.
This is what George doesn't get.
His ancestors were probably sleeping or smoking weed
while the real man hunted and went to battle.
You suck, George.
You really do?
Have you gone to five guys yet?
No, because you're a disobedient employee.
I know I'm not the only one who hates George.
I dream of a day where all of us George haters can unite.
Come on, John.
John James.
You fake faggot.
Come on.
I'll show him what sport I'm good at.
John Apple QB.
Yeah, yeah.
At John.
You talk to that Puss bag.
You putt wacker.
You wanker.
Are you knocking John James now?
I'm going to knock him on his ass if I ever stand.
Good.
Okay.
And I notice he's not claiming to be good at anything.
He's probably the fake two-way rentals.
I know.
So I don't know what the deal is with Tom Jicca,
whether he's forgotten about using that code word or whether it's,
I don't know, real or imaginary.
And you know what?
Who cares?
See, I don't really care all that much.
33 left on the certificates, by the way, we're doing AOK.
Oh, here's Tom Jicca.
Any truth of these rumors?
Have you heard anything about the WQM format change?
Oh, my God.
From Stan Major.
Oh, brother.
This is just, this is hysterical.
And this is for real though, because it says to Tom Jicca at SunSentinel.com.
One site keeps you connected to all your email.
I see.
Here it is.
I'm not clicking any of these links.
It's the fake Tom Jicca with the fake Stan Major.
And what is with these dildos?
Why did somebody send me a picture of a whole bunch of silies dildos?
Maybe they figured you'd like them.
I don't.
Seniors learn the ins and outs of safe sex is another one.
Very boring, Mama.
Being out of here, usual standards at all.
Oh, and here's one knocking the big O and some spot he did.
Listen, you people are really out of material bad big time.
Big time.
Thirty a one left on the certificates.
See the fact that there are only a lot of one piece that kind of puts a roadblock in the way of those people, the fakers.
Remember what happened last week or the week before?
Yep.
But we eventually sold them out.
That was for the Italian joint.
I mean, E. Corsini.
Wasn't that the infant?
Okay.
Yeah.
E. Something.
I wasn't here.
So I don't remember.
Oh, that's right.
You weren't there.
You were out sick that day and flea hopped up all the food.
Were you sick?
Yes.
You can't believe that you'd be sick on a day when free food came in.
That's how you always go.
No, we could career move the flu, baby.
So as flea around anywhere, as he showed his early post, he was bouncing around somewhere.
Yeah.
He'll ask about his first.
Press release about this story about him being the assistant PD.
Yeah.
I thought he already was the assistant PD.
I guess now it's official.
It's official.
Wow.
And let me also remember my since the sales department is doing such an ass kicking job that I'm doing.
I'm not.
Let me remind you about those entries for Gulf Stream for the second race tomorrow.
Since it'd be nice to have a chance to hand you crap that later on this afternoon or evening.
Steve Sloan.
I said of an email.
He didn't send me nothing.
He sent me absolutely, positively, nothing.
Radolfo is pissed off at politicians.
He's got a great email and rips them an ass.
No money for education, no money for teachers, but lots of money for billionaires for stadiums.
Let's build a new stadium on AirV Street Corne.
New God.
Bye bye, tell me, tell me where I am.
Bye bye, tell me, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Now you're the boy, time to sink in panda's wild.
At the best, handstand, trust me.
I'm a little bit like holding a pole.
No one around here is gonna miss you.
I'm a little bit like a dad, I'm not just little dude, dude.
How the hell did you score?
No, we are not alike.
Bye bye, tell me, tell me where I am.
Hey, stop, right bye, tell me, tell me where I am.
If you need help, just call me back.
So hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on.
Hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on.
That's your little old fact, I just realized it myself, Frankie Valley was guilty.
Did you know that?
No I did not, it all makes sense to you.
Sliped us some sensuons.
27 certificates left on the on the border Mexican grill in Cantina. We had a hundred. We got 27 left.
They're going one at a time just which is just fine
Get online and do it just fine
Okay, you pay attention to that and I'll pay attention to this that that oh see no whatever hold it up
Here's the pull a result so far
Our second pull of the day. I guess they don't like this one. It's for Valentine's Day Saturday
All you guys that are so in love. It's another shot in love
Just the way they say it. It's just nauseating just I
You can do see not to mention the the people on the shows of both genders of all three genders. I mean just
The best way to describe my sponsor is significant. I don't have one 46
22.8% of this audience don't have a significant thing
My best friend 38 my soulmate 29 history 14
Ballbuster 14 fantastic 13 ball and chain 10 total bitch 10 fat 8 blood suckers 6
Hot 5 slut 5 gorgeous 3
slut
Yes
Well, you stop picking on your wife. No on your tall tree an oil wife
Well, why not I don't want to Alice rantell by the way sends me a bunch of technical stuff about who tunes and iPhone. I'm not interested
Get a life Alice. Okay, go the hell away. I think it's the real one. I'm beginning to believe it right
Not just like I believe it's the real time jicke writing all these stupid emails about all I heard from a
Stan major and Johnny dark. Yeah, right
This is what they do across the street all day sure make up fake stories
I hear that the tickets going off the air in a couple of minutes
Remember who was it that started that it was courtous, wasn't I don't know that was like a year ago
Maybe it was last spring whatever you say
Whatever I say what you don't remember that I don't he made up a bunch of something they got all been out of she
Well, they get that out of shape over everything see here. We don't take anything seriously including this station, right?
Just and just take a look at today the way they botched this deal up. I mean good god. Good golly miss Molly
Just a one botched job after another and Johnny Joe is oh
That needle 26 certificates left
Just like that question he asked when we had that conference call about I know I know you joke a lot about that on the year and say things that are just
For for effect, but were you serious about technical problems? Oh my god
No, Joe. I just made that up. We never have technical problems the Q a
What a kidder he is I'm gonna sneeze
It's the season man yep the sneezing season the sneezing season for good reason and an a two pleasing
26 left on the significance we sold 74 that's good good start you still got child there or what all I'm done
But there's I'm surrounded by food everybody's been in here and if anybody hasn't come on in I mean go ahead and get some food
Let's see Rudy says I've got all these different Rudy's this is a different one though
This is very sad. He says sad
Charles Darwin would have been 200 tomorrow
And
Event that Gallup is marking with a new poll showing that only 39% of Americans believe in the theory of evolution
Accord to say they don't don't believe in evolution and 36% say they have no opinion the
duh
Like whoever's responsible for the way the log gets made up on this station duh
The straw I'm gonna blow my nose here. No, can I do it? I got it. Go ahead. Oh, yeah
Oh
That's better
So much better the strongest literature respondents views on evolution church attendance what a shock
Oh the Lord is gonna be really pissed off at you Neil if you read that too bad screw the Lord screw Jack Lord
In fact Gallup's analysis says validity outweighs education level and shaping views and evolution
What are you eating or slurping or what I thought it's what it's about something an eating sound effect and play that no good
I like it
Even though those with the most education are far more likely to support evolution than those with the least those with the most
Education are far more likely to support evolution than those with the least the God squad
Just 21% of respondents who had up to a high school level of education believe in evolution compared with 74% of those with post graduate degrees
But Frank Newport Gallup's editor-in-chief says religion is the determining factor
Previous Gallup research shows that the rate of church attendance is fairly constant across educational groups
Suggesting that this relationship is not going to an underlying educational difference, but instead we flexed a direct influence a religious beliefs on
Belief in evolution
Did you follow that no I'm neither among weekly church course 24% believe in evolution while 41% do not and
35% have no opinion what
Among those who seldom are never attend church 55% believe in evolution while 11% do not and 34% have no opinion. How can you have no opinion?
God that's like being an agnostic
Yeah, look to the question of how many Americans believe in Darwin's theory of natural selection and the number shrink further
Gallup puts that number at 14% while the Pew Research Center puts it at 26%
Both organizations put the number of Americans who favorite creationism at about 48%
Higher than the proportion that believes in evolution 48% of Americans believe in creationism. Oh my God. Oh my God. Amen to that
Amen to that sister
48% almost half believe in creationism. Yeah, I mean you talk about dumb
25 certificates left
Alice Rantell please pass this on to near Rogers Webmaster. Go away Alice. Get lost. Now just go away. Go away
Go fall on your ass
My email and you're we oh here we go
Hock Mark Hocka China is back from across the street allegedly. Okay. This is great
Good
Agitated the folks over here good anything we can do to Agisee. Remember what though?
What's his name used to say what that was his name?
But got it used to run in place this place. No across the street. Oh, we'll do anything or they'll do anything they'll do anything to hurt us. Yeah
Like a child
All that child is crappy. I'd go on back and forth with Joe Bell. What that was his name?
Out of sight out of mind Joel Feinberg
See what a memory I got while you're sitting there with the food driven on your chin and I'm I'm coming up with an
Hock Mark says my email a new reaction to vegetative the folks over here their pissed off as a double agent there
Mitz good. They deserve it the latest is they'll tell on your use of NHL broadcast
IE the Leafs as well as hey, guess what we don't put live telecast on because they're at night
Wow, we don't put one once the thing is over with its public domain
Which they're too stupid to understand that as well as
Some stations for rights violations. I'd be careful. Neil. Thanks. Good. Yet messy. Oh, yeah
Sarah I didn't email earlier, but can't email from work computers and had to wait I emailed to my blackberry well great
Thanks could really get messy. Oh, yeah, I'm a scared. I'm a scared. Oh geez
Idiots total absolute idiots
But you know they got nothing else to do over there to certainly not doing much broadcasting so sit around and play a little game
Mr. President has this been an embarrassing day for the administration
You've now got three major appointees who it turns out haven't paid all their taxes. I don't take responsibility for it
Well, I want two sets of rules here two sets of rules and you're the one in your inaugural speech
Who talked about an era of responsibility?
What kind of a message does that send about responsibility the most important thing from my perspective is making sure that the American people understand
I party but there's what I won't use it help states that are in desperate straits help families who are losing jobs and health care
Isn't that kind of in your face trash talking to I want to make sure that we are testing this money in a way that we've got a
Not just a immediate economic crisis, but a long-term budget issue in terms of the amount of debt that we're
Accumulating I want the worst economy since the Great Depression. Thanks. Thank you
Welcome, okay 1245 at 560 WQ. I'm happy a Thursday to it February 3rd or 12 whatever it is no George tomorrow
We got flea so the fact we got flea tomorrow. I can drag out of him. I can squeeze out of him some
Some poop some dope
24 hours certificates left. We saw 76. Yep. It's pretty good. Uh-huh
Especially considering how somebody in that building screwed up big time big time royally
But that happens pretty much every week all the time and across the street in Corne a hawk at China. Oh, they're all upset, you know
If you it's just
I'm tongue-tied because it's so stupid fine the idea that we would believe any of this crap right
They're sitting around there with nothing to do. Oh, let's email Neil again a hundred times today
Thank the Lord thank God that we started with emails because boy
What else would they be doing probably stirring a lot of trouble up 22 certificates live not bad
Let me know what they were starting to play the oldies. Okay tomorrow Mike says I'm at work
Have you streaming in the office keeps the gambling channel on mute during the day?
These crooks are actually holding on by the way serious hanging in their study is 7 cents
These crooks are actually holding a live town hall meeting and how to invest your money in this crazy economic crisis as if they've been
Correct in the past I remember just a couple of months ago that mouthpiece Larry Cudlow screaming
Dow 16,000 by the end of oh eight
Maybe 1600
Anyhow keep up the great show and Maria be can suck it along with that method of Jim Kramer
says Mike
Mike
Maria you get the message
bitch baggie eyed bitch so red alpha is pretty pissed off. He says I'm angry politicians
Okay has never taken the time to write any city-state or federal official before I haven't done so for various reasons
I guess the first one would be lack of responsibility on my part
The second being the belief probably shared by many they're getting involved won't change anything
Thirdly I had the naive notion that elected politicians had a sense of commitment and responsibility toward the citizens residents and constituents that
Elected them to safeguard our rights and manage the assets in the form of taxes and others that we
Something to you
We're undergoing very tough times people have lost their job some will lost their life savings
They've lost their homes many families have been destroyed
There's no easy solution or even a dim light at the end of the tunnel
I think that's for the most part many elected officials truly don't comprehend the situation and that those of us unemployed are facing
How do we pay our bills feed our families? How many more doors do we need knock on before we hear you're hired?
How do we look into our families eyes and tell them everything is going to be okay?
Through all the hardships we're experiencing we have to sit there and allow the irresponsible
Considerate the some consideration of the city whatever that means
Forking over our money to a private company to build a stadium to build a freaking stadium
This is shameful irresponsible offensive
I'm sure will not be the desire of the majority do we have enough schools in the city?
Do we have enough hospitals are the roads well built our cities well planned is there enough law enforcement teachers and counselors in the city?
If you can answer yes to any of these questions then you should still not be thinking to grant one single dollar to build this freaking stadium
Is the city of bank should everybody who shows up at city hall with a business plan and the desire to pay taxes be granted funds from the city to build their own business?
What have you done in your department to make it more cost-efficient?
What systems and training have you implemented reduced cost and better the performance of your team?
So what strategies do you have in place to balance our budget and improve the infrastructure and educational system?
Focus on that
And not coming up with excuses to why this is a good idea
I've heard all the justification is to why we should consider building the stadium the two big ones
It'll generate taxes will create jobs
Wow with all the qualified people working in the city. I can't believe you put all you put together are so mathematically challenged
I can't believe all of you put together are so mathematically challenged
I just want to close by saying that for those of you opposing this bill. Thank you
Those of you in favor of this absurd situation and with this abusive power. Let me ask you this
It might be difficult, but try to answer this question
Honestly, what's the reason you're pushing so hard to get this stadium built with public funds? What do you have to gain in all of this?
Before you answer it make sure you remember who elected you and who you work for says or a dolphin who's
Matter-than-Hellies pissed off and fired up. I think it's time for people to open up the window
Is grandma grandma just getting way too old?
Well, that was close. I was gonna say
I'm getting too old so
Nice job there, Aruti
Richard Orlando says chronic Richard Orlando remember him. Yes. I say chronic
I don't want people to be offended by that because if they actually have something to say they can email all they want
That's fine because that's we want a lot of emails Neil at Neil Rogers dot com keep them coming
Except of course those silly crap that all that BS from across the street. Oh, they're so pissed at you guys. Yeah, oh yeah
When the numbers come out he pissed at yourselves. Remember that song by the beach boys be pissed at yourself. Yes
22 certificates left. They're going
22 well, look at them all gone once they're gone. They're gone
How's Tommy doing by the way? What did you say about him? He went across the street? You know, he took the conveyor belt over there
He went across the street. That's the last I heard
Tommy to be their production director. Yes, no
That's the last I heard he might be doing something else by now, but that's the last that I heard of first Miguel
Yeah, and now Tommy our friends
Yeah, they need to tell me some of the emails. Why would you say something like that?
For fun. Okay, maybe Miguel is sending so no, this is why people don't talk to him
This is why what this is why people want you know, they don't talk to you. They give you a room or one time and then that's it
What the hell are you talking about you out people I
Out people are for doing what I don't know how people as what as what as
people I
Didn't I think you said Tommy went across the street. I thought you say went across the hall or something
So skinny Tommy is no longer with us
For as long as then as far as I know he might be somewhere else now as I said
He's one of them
I'm gonna watch body snatches with Donald Sadoon yeah
That's the sound that he makes at the end of the movie
Similar to that
I'm just in the state of shock. I can't believe that and I would did he get the can or something by us did he get the
Another cost cutting move or what already just get tired of working for idiots. I'm not sure exactly how it went down
21 left on the certificates on the board of Mexican Grill. I don't know nobody don't like Mexican right even George likes Mexican food
Yeah, not so much Mexican people. Oh, it's because you haven't you haven't interacted with him
I only met one that I didn't like as I told you many times
I met one I didn't like not the one you're thinking of though
I met a couple I didn't like at all
Rich and Orlando says is anyone mentioned that Ralph Redneck had a bit part in milk
See Ralph Redneck's been dead for how many years now?
I
Think he was shown interviewing I need a Bryant while covering a rant our gay rights campaign in Miami
He's only on camera for two or three seconds
But once you've seen his big eyes glasses in that channel for Mike. You know what's Ralphie boy Ralph Redneck good night
And may the good news be ours
He was not a good the newsman
He had a deep stintorian voice, but he was not he was a terminal, but he was on a long time
Long Jevite let me tell all you punk so what the secret to success in his businesses look at me
Oh God March one is 33 years on here in this market in this market in this God for second
Turd filled town
Long Jevite counts for something
As opposed to some people are here today and God tomorrow, you know what I mean? They're gone right
Anyway, it says there must have been him in 7475 before you hit South Florida
Didn't she eventually a divorce or husband and accused him of being gay?
What a piece of work. Who was he talking about? I
Don't know
Didn't she eventually divorce her husband? Oh, Anita Bride is talking about. Yes Bob Green. Yes
Bob Green not your Bob Green different Bob
Oh
Different Bob Green and I think you've ever seen the Bob Green that she was married to was a DJ once upon a time
And
Then she a divorced him accused him of being gay of course, I need to thought everybody was you know
By the way, Sean Penn was outstanding his Harvey milk, but I think Mickey work will nose him out for the Oscar
Well, thank you rich and Orlando, but I really don't care. I don't care about the Oscars the Grammys the all those award shows man
They can take him and stick him where the moon don't try
Not that I want to be like negative. Oh, and by the way, here's an interesting thing. Oh, no, that's not what an interesting thing. Oh, what were you talking about?
Wow, would you would you see your yeah an interesting thing what it's not very interesting
What was it?
What
What your men's suspense over here
No, you're not gonna make me throw 20 certificates left third there their engine down towards zero
Bill around of it
Handles publicity for a Sarah to Wauro what Wauro was one of the first NFL players to come out and declare he was gay
We wanted to let you know his first full-length album will be released very soon would
Would you be interested and take a listen to it arranging an interview with a Sarah no interviews
We don't do guests, but we'd listen to it
Sure, he's a gay former NFL player
And Sarah to Wauro to Wauro and when I say to Wauro makes me think of that see that crew song
Where he went out oh, oh, I'm in pain. Oh, I'm dying over here. Oh
Right, and I googled it and looked it up. I'm sure enough shown off this guy went through a lot of crap
Can imagine being a
Football player wonder what Jimmy syphilis would think about that you found
Call up Jimmy and see what she's thinking about it
It's got the real and when I'm up in Belkettika slapping all women with painted lips around the pool. I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two
I mean I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers here in balance one to two hours
Hey, for a lot by the way, so I've been given it some
What do you think it is I know that me and you can do much better
Go in six to ten and not in five a gentile in the cranky Jew. I think we might be happy to get there
I think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your weary bed
No chance I'll always show it you I'd rather die with the crappy together
Why I'll have you know that I'm a big
Maggie Jew a Brooklyn high
Me and my
No way that if we had a fight
That you'll survive who'd want to hear a genital
And time that's crashing
We're the sixth and ten, not five.
It's only right that I should get more sleep at night.
I think we might be happy to get there.
We're supposed to be happy to get there.
We can't leave me there.
We're supposed to be happy to get there.
We can't leave me there.
We're supposed to be happy to get there.
We're supposed to be happy to get there.
We're supposed to be happy to get there.
Oh yeah.
Get those last couple of notes in, man.
102 at 560 WQM.
We got the big O2 Mad Dog at 4 Hurricane Hotline.
Well, you don't want to know after or 7th.
You don't want to know.
VA 10 a midnight.
Here's an email, totally useless.
Peace of information.
You look at it and you wonder.
You ask yourself a question.
Why?
Would anybody send this crap to us?
By the way, 15 certificates left.
Not bad.
Start it with 100.
Especially considering the way that our sales department
botched up or somebody botched it all up.
I don't want to blame PD Lenny.
Although he didn't exactly do what you call follow through.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
And muff.
Oh my god.
What the hell are we going to do about poor muff?
She dropped the balls on this one.
And from what I hear, it wouldn't be the first time.
Oh.
Drop then balls, muff.
What a lady.
Well, at any rate, we were still doing well.
Here's the useless information.
Ready?
Okay.
Spain's king, Juan Carlos and his wife, Queen Sophia,
will be in Brickle next week with Governor Christopher Seasons.
Ta-da.
From some Jackass in Boken, or what?
For what a fanfare?
Ta-da.
No, not like that.
That's all I got.
Wow.
Abe Lincoln's birthday and boy, I'll tell you CNN
they're making a really big stimulus about it.
Let's put some on some horse racing and then they can get,
oh no, maybe leave classics.
From 100 years ago.
Hey, with Denithao and Kenny Hawks.
Lisa Nahox.
Wretched Bill Huwett's not too happy about the fact we're playing this
where he still did.
But anyway.
Yeah, you guys are playing old hockey games on there.
Why can't Sid do his, oh brother.
Rudy says Tommy is still on 790.
He here once in a while he does promos in that station.
Says Rudy.
Tommy, I didn't know that he turned tail him in across the street.
Well, it was for lack of listening on your part then.
Why?
I told you.
I know you're nor, nor me.
I do that often.
I know.
Well, I don't know.
Oh, the fake Greg Vudella's back.
I know a lot of what you see on the wrist.
Stick.
None of what I say on the wrist.
Okay.
None.
It's all for real.
Is real.
How do you feel about, how do you really feel about a QM format change
to oldies?
I feel like this.
It isn't going to happen.
It isn't going to happen.
Music on AM is like fingernails on your ass, Greg.
And in addition to which most of us thought you could do in drugs already.
The kind of stuff that you're sending me is just obviously hallucinogenic.
I'm hearing Joe is looking for a high profile morning show while retaining you from
the days in a known personality for afternoon drive.
I hear they would keep sports talking to evenings and weekends.
Yeah, let's keep it on the evenings, man.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, point.
And would we tend to the offence of kids at least until the contact expires.
Sign Greg.
Oh, this is the same folk, uh, phony, uh, what I say.
I don't know.
Same folks.
Same a phony Greg that was giving me a sudden dance about serious.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Oh, they want you really bad about about.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It could be the real great view.
Don't maybe he's hallucinating again.
I don't know.
Maybe he's waiting for the pope to come back so we can introduce him to the folks.
15 certificate.
I think it's pretty good.
12 left.
That means we sold 88.
880 WCBS New York.
770 77.
660 WNBC.
What is WNBC now?
I don't know.
I don't know either.
I don't really care.
But because when you live well, I mean, when you live here, if I listen to the radio at
night, I guess I could hear those stations.
If I listen to the radio, which I don't, I get my car and I could like, you know, cruise
the AM dial.
But my dial never leaves 680.
680 news.
It's a great all-new station.
Can you believe there's no all-new station in South Florida market that's like number 12 or
14 in the country?
No.
No all-new station.
Right.
Please, where do we start?
Where do we start with?
What?
Are you talking about this market here?
Yeah.
There's no new music station.
There's no talk station.
There's no all-new station.
There's no good music of any kind station.
Yeah, but you left out the most important thing of all.
That.
That's right.
There's 500 of those.
That's right.
500.
That's what Ray Perry says.
Does he come in there like with a straight face?
I mean, come in here at all.
Good.
If I was him, I wouldn't.
I'd avoid us like the plague.
Because if we ever noticed that he's still around, oh boy.
Daisy says, you know, Daisy who faxes, who emails all the time.
Yes.
Yes.
Very nice.
Cheers.
She's got a story from the Huffington Post.
A tuplet mom, Nadia Suleiman on food stamps, three kids received disability.
I think this is worth using.
You know what?
I don't know.
I think it's worth using and perusing.
It's from Daisy.
Right.
It's about that crazy.
It's about that crazy, Daisy, that human baby machine.
Eleven, the significance all we got left.
I'll let you keep an eye on it.
Okay.
That means we sold 89 without much help from the internal workings of the traffic, the
non-existent traffic department.
I got news for you, man.
You put 790 in us together and you still have like about a tenth of a loaf.
You know what I mean by that?
Yeah.
There's just no radio involved there at all.
I mean, no, not even a radio wish.
And they have meetings.
They sit around.
You wait till flea comes out with me tomorrow.
I don't know what you're going to do about him next week when I'm on vacation.
But boy, I'm going to really grill him like you wouldn't believe like a like a bratwurst.
I'm going to grill him.
Oh, yeah, well, go ahead.
I will.
Good.
Fine.
Now what the hell is going on with these people?
Oldies Q.A.M.
Oh, yeah, something wouldn't surprise me.
Sounds good for me.
I'd like to play some spin some wax.
Let's start today.
What do you say?
I'll.
Yeah, kid, baby.
I'm Chris Badger's Welcome to Hyde Ball.
And I may simply say, I get so much fiddle around my food hole.
I could water the grass quite passively from all those years of working for tip on nail.
Crazy.
You know the passable reason why saliva glands are all out of whack may passively be because I drink scotch from a dog's bowl.
Traveling from too many years of working for tip on nail being told that wasn't good enough smart enough is skinny enough.
Plus, I got deal with it's like billow rightly taking shots of me every night.
I probably would have wailed greatest minds.
You know, my wear it a sneeze shield.
The reason I know that people finish their answers is because I can't hear what they're saying.
My ears are not even hooked up.
The constant swishing of saliva in my mouth sounds like the ocean.
The only time I truly feel comfortable is when we take hog ball out on the road on MSNBC.
That way I can try to convince co-edge to come back to my hotel room.
That is before they realize in order to kiss me and get close to my mouth they have to be wearing a mask and a snorkel.
Many people don't realize John McKay suffered from the same alight.
But he hates saliva glands burned closed.
Obama didn't just one of the many buried in stunning differences we like to point out here on MSNBC.
Here's one more important fact you should realize before you go to the building booth.
They have different hair color.
I'm Chris Matthews play hardball on MSNBC.
Now, guess who somebody that I'd say yesterday we don't ever want to hear from again.
And I wish I could kill him Mr. Radio.
Yeah.
I was going to say guess who we spotted in my thing about 660 and what is it now?
Mr. Radio.
What is it just? Huh?
Mr. Radio.
Why do you keep saying that?
660 a.m. New York is 66 defaign.
Yeah, about 100 years ago.
They tried and changed format shortly after Howard Stern left for K-Rock 100 years ago.
Joey Reynolds was Howard's replacement on NBC with Al Rosenberg and Fred Norris Hissio was the death knell.
Mr. Radio, we wish you only evil.
We wish you would croak a wicked horrible death like like we need to know that like somebody else wouldn't have who cares.
Who the hell cares?
Anybody out there care about Mr. Radio?
No.
Anybody want to kill him?
Uh-huh.
Yes.
Oh, good.
God.
The ultimate.
I have no life.
Postor child.
Postor child.
Yeah.
God.
I'm I'm gagged and choked up about seeing that.
Oh, yeah.
Remember how I'm always saying that there are just some people you can never chase away?
Yeah.
Like with the guy with all the voice.
Right.
Like all of them.
All the chronics.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
No, you're not.
Oh, you're saying I'm your friend.
The mother of a Valk Tupless was implanted with those embryos at a Beverly Hills fertility clinic by a well known and controversial specialist who pioneered a method of implantation.
I'm looking for where his name is again.
Dr. Michael Camrava.
His name emerged Monday as a result of an interview.
Eric and Monday in NBC with Nadia Suleiman who gave birth to eight babies January 26th.
Over the past two weeks, the identity of Suleiman's fertility doctor has been a source of great mystery because of questions over the ethics of implanting numerous embryos and a woman who already had six children.
Camrava 57 wouldn't comment on the issue, but told reporters outside his clinic on rodeo drive that he had granted an interview to one of the TV networks.
When asked to provide more detail, he said, watch the news.
Watch the freaking news.
Without identifying the doctor, oh, this goes on forever, but I'm it's pretty interesting though.
Mr. Radio and her wouldn't that be a great put them on the twin holer on the and fry the rest at the same time.
Uh-huh.
Without identifying the doctor, the medical board of California said last week, it was looking at the Suleiman situation to see if there was a violation of the standard of care.
The medical board said, Monday, it hasn't taken any disciplinary action against Camrava in the past.
In the NBC interview, Suleiman did not identify her doctor by name, but said that she went to the West Coast clinic in Beverly Hills,
which Camrava is a director.
And then all 14 of her children were conceived when, uh, with help from the same doctor in 2006, LATV station KTLA ran a story on infertility that showed Camrava treating Suleiman and discussing embryo implantation.
In Cleveland, a wait a minute, Camrava graduated from the University of Illinois went to medical school in Case Western in the Cleveland, a coin to stay records in his website.
Some fertility specialist said Camrava is a controversial figure in the field.
He's tried some novel techniques and some of those methods have been controversial.
So Dr. John Jane founder of Santa Monica fertility specialists.
Jane criticized the decision to implant so many embryos saying, I do think this doctor really step out of the guidelines in a very extreme manner.
And as such put both the mother and children extra high risk of disability and even death.
Hello doctor. Dr. Jeffrey Steinberg, a professional acquaintance of Camrava said Camrava worked to develop an embryo transfer device that allows doctors to implant an embryo sometimes sperm with unfurlized egg directly into the uterine lining.
Usually we inject the embryos into the uterus and they float around and attack themselves.
Steinberg said, however, Steinberg said there was no evidence the method improved success rates for pregnancy.
It wasn't immediately known if the technique was used on Suleiman.
She said she had six embryos implanted for each of her pregnancies.
The octopolis were a surprise result of her last set of six embryos.
She said explaining she had expected twins at most two of the embryos evidently divided in the womb above them.
Medical ethicists have criticized the implanting of so many embryos.
National guidelines put the norm at two or three for women of her age except in extraordinary circumstances.
And it goes on and on and on about how many he did this and he did that and about a beep at a boop at a bob.
Suleiman, who is 33 and single and don't have two nickels to rub together, told NBC today she was fixated on having children.
No. Suleiman said the doctor did nothing wrong and had warned her of possible complications in the pregnancy and pregnancy.
And the result of the treatment was the result of the treatment of the baby.
The octopolis were born nine weeks prematurely but appear relatively healthy.
Their names have a biblical theme, Noah, Jonah, Jeremiah, Josiah, Isaiah, Malaya, Makai and Nariah.
All share the middle name Angelica and the last name Solomon.
Oy!
Exactly.
I wonder what Abraham Solomon would think about that.
On Sunday, Suleiman's mother, Angela Suleiman, seemed to contradict her daughter's account telling a website that the fertility specialist who helped her daughter give birth to the octopolis was not the one who he did in the birth of her first six children.
Angela Suleiman said she and Nariah's father pleaded with the first fertility doctor not to treat the daughter again.
She said her daughter went to another doctor.
I'm really angry about that. Angela said of the doctor's decision to perform the procedure.
She already got six beautiful children. Why would she do this? Maybe?
Because she's a crazy person.
I'm struggling to look after her six. We just had to put them in bunk beds, feed them in shifts and there's children's clothing piled all over the house.
How could you even remember the names when you got that many 14 kids?
Maybe she's got like one of those brain tricks that she does.
Yeah, she's doing tricks all right.
Yeah.
Yesterday, that's my theory. That's where she's getting the money for all these doctors and all these procedures.
It's just a theory. Angela Suleiman said Nariah's boyfriend was the biological father of all 14 children, but she refused to marry him.
He was in love with her. Why did he marry her? She said, but Nariah wanted to have children on her own. She wanted her own children.
Wow.
So much tourists and so little time. That's the world in which we live.
And people are worried about frigging Grigview Dell. Oh my God. Talk about small potatoes.
Jeff is belly aching. Why do they only let me buy one?
Because they're the sponsor and they do it the way they want. They want to have a whole lot of different people. That's why.
Oh, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. You should call the promotion something. Yeah. Love you. Love the show. Kisses. Go away, Jeff.
Quit belly aching. Okay. How many we got left by the way? 11 last time checked. Oh, you're not you're not on refresh. Yeah. I'm in just refreshing right now. Refreshing.
It's refreshing. And this is my 11 stuck at 11 stuck at 11. That's okay. We like past 89 already.
Jimmy Dorsky is back. Oh my God. Jimmy. This is a second. I skipped over the first one because he was not going to guy that was bitching about the politicians, but I thought was a pretty good email.
So hell of a lot more important to rip the politicians and the other emailers. Jimmy Dorsky. Okay. Kind of a name is that anyway. Jimmy Dorsky.
I don't know. Sounds Polish to me. Sounds funny to me. Yeah. Funny and made up. Like most of the names on here. Alice, Rantel, Tommy, Jerka. I mean, I made up a Greg Budelle. Binger, Greg, Greg, Benjamin, Budelle. Kind of crap.
He must be back on the sauce, man. On the juice. Jimmy Dorsky says Neil, that crazy. Octo mom, bitch also said of a website for donation, self, or support her and her crotch fruit.
Unfortunately, they're only accepting monetary donations is I planted donate the needle and thread to sow her baby portal shot. Someone needs to tell her that it's a vagina, not a clown car.
Oh, anyone upset over their text, I was going toward bank bailouts and not infrastructure education, not worry. Every Americans heard it might be going toward rebuilding not the Assulamans birth canal and supporting her three trillion kids.
I've said over public funds, used to build new stadiums. Hey, she's gonna house these kids somewhere.
Well, you should have been kicked out of Jimmy Dorsky today. He should be writing for like somebody on TV or something. Maybe I'd watch Letterman if he wrote for him. Really? Oh, when's his show on Jimmy Jimmy? I'll listen to that.
That's what I'm talking about. Maybe he can play oldies. I'll be glued to the radio. Oodies. Let's play some oldies. What do you say? Oodies, but goodies? Sure. I'm this chicken still seven cents on serious. I'm serial seven cent.
And on the border, we got 11. I'm refreshing 10 10 left. I think we're doing pretty damn good. Yes, we are. Since they can only buy one at a time and that one guy's, oh, geez, how come? Yeah, that's just the way it is. Okay. That's the way it's a take it or leave it. What's stopping them from going back and just buying another one and another one? If they want more than one, just do the process more than once.
That's cheating. What cheating? The guy belly against just a joke. It's just that when you calm down. No, some of these people.
God, all a belly and then these are people who are still alive. These are people who haven't croaked yet. A wicked horrible death. They're still alive.
And maybe maybe even still got their house or their car or their pup tender or something like that. Maybe they can move in with what's your name?
Suleiman. Take care of some of those kids. 292 votes on the poll. That's really weak. The best way to describe my spousal significant other is this is with Valentine's day only two days away.
And these heartless bastards. My best friend 66. I don't have one 57. My soulmate 44 ballbuster 21. Fantastic 19 history 18. The bitch is gone.
Wall and chain 17 total bitch 14 fat nine hot nine blood sucker six gorgeous six slut six.
According to George. Call his lovely wife a slut. Yep. Oh, and I was that guy's name art is after the Gulf Stream thing tomorrow. And by the way, I still have no entries. No racing for I got nothing.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rodgers. Check your email.
I'm going to go. Come here. Go to take a bad.
Where are you going?
He's a walking. I can blow bubbles out of my nose.
i will sk out and why your house.
We're not too sure what's going on there.
Stay away from me.
Josh Friedman, that you think he's money, but he's no Stan.
Angel, I'm funny isn't it?
Don't come near me.
Josh Friedman, he looks like he's in the squeeze.
That I'm a belly button and celibates him.
I'm not too sure what's going on there.
I'm not too sure what's going on there.
I'm not too sure what's going on there.
I'm not too sure what's going on there.
I'm not too sure what's going on there.
I'm not too sure what's going on there.
I'm not too sure what's going on there.
I'm not too sure what's going on there.
I'm not too sure what's going on there.
I'm not too sure what's going on there.
Josh Friedman, don't like me.
I think he does.
Don't come near me.
Josh Friedman.
Come here, come here, stand my finger.
Don't it smell like a scrotive juicer?
There's a thing when someone calls you.
Oh yeah, I was on there.
I got fooled by that lens.
Did you see the picture?
Yes, I saw the picture and it gave me enough time to consider it and...
Oh yes.
Yes, it all fits.
Absolutely.
Phantom Informer always is right.
Fitter and person mark.
Fitton, Sauer, personal.
Fake E-Manner from across the street.
The big fat tub of useless turd.
What else are you going to do?
Personal grudges, hard-bitten bastard, total sports bag.
All of it.
It all fits.
Josh Friedman, right.
And that no ability of his own.
From the Fake Time jikas, see there's starting this crap across the street.
We're changing format to oldies and all this other crap.
From Mark Hockman at Lincoln Financial Media.
This is supposedly the guy that was a disenchanted and adi-adi-adia.
And the crap about Sid and this and that.
Mark Hockman's executive producer of the Dan La Bastard show.
And it's to the Fake Time jikas.
Do you know anything about the rumor WQM format change?
Have you been getting emails claiming they're flipping to oldies in March?
And Mark Hockman writes to Tom,
they're already oldies, aren't they?
Yuck, yuck, yuck.
This is what they do all day over there.
This is what they do.
And again, more people, I'm just obsessed with-
Bill God!
...sessed with his show.
Mark Hockman, my ass.
Hockman is getting China, Mark.
You've got a real bunch of crap over there.
Speaking of Josh Friedman.
So he's the turd burger in the wood pot.
Right.
Of course, we don't know for a fact, but it certainly fits.
Fake Man, if the food fits-
...primey, the prospect number one.
Eight left on the acidity of the certificate, by the way.
The last time I checked,
did you take a puke?
Let me refresh it right in the end.
Six, like I said, boy, they're almost gone.
They're gone.
They're gone, baby.
Ah.
So how do you like that?
This is what they do over there across street.
I told you to do that already.
There's no wild, yeah.
I knew most of the stuff was coming from there.
Nick says, let's give Sulyman what she wants.
I vote we read her a dozen more times.
Then turn a resulting side show into a theme park.
Just the water park section alone has a dozen possibilities, says Nick.
Let me get rid of that picture of disgusting Josh Friedman.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Got to kill you.
Phantom informer says the fake emailer from across the street.
And there it is, a picture of the obnoxious tubby grotesque Josh Friedman.
I just clicked on the attachment.
Okay.
Which I'm sure is just nicely the picture.
Yes.
Of tubby, baby.
Uh oh.
What happened?
Don't tell me what hopping.
That's why I never click on those things.
But it anyway, it had exploded.
He blew up his poop.
It exploded all over my computer.
Oh, well anyway, moving along.
Yeah, this thing's all screwed up now because I open that attachment.
You think they've done something?
I don't know.
Just don't do anything for a little bit.
What does that mean?
When your computer isn't doing what you want after you click on something?
Yeah.
Stop.
Oh, there it is.
It went back to my thing.
It went back to my page.
Oh, thank the Lord for that.
That's why I don't open those attachments and most of the links and most of this is this things.
It's crap.
And who knows what kinds of evil stuff.
A lot of evil doers out there.
Although I think the phantom informer we can trust.
He's our friend.
In the our friend.
Yes.
Good.
Seems like a long time now since Roberto Alamars days with the meds.
Now he's making headlines for a surprise lawsuit.
Remember what he always said.
Of course you're not into baseball, but I always said Roberto Alamars was rumored to be.
The shocking claim that baseball grade Roberto Alamars has full blown aides.
But insist on having unprotected sex as ex-girlfriend charged Tuesday in a bombshell lawsuit.
The shocking claim was leveled by Iliad Doll, 31, who said she'd live with the ex-med for three years.
And watched in horror as his health worsened.
In papers filed in state and federal court, Doll said Alamars finally got tested in January 2006,
while suffering from cough, fatigue, and shingles.
The test results of him being HIV positive was given to him in the plaintiff honor about February 6, 2006, the $15 million ex-legend suit says.
Nine days later the couple went to a disease specialist who discovered a mass in the retired second baseman's chest.
Alamars skin had turned purple. He was foaming at the mouth and a spinal tipped shown he had full blown aides the suit says.
Alamars 41 quid baseball over health issues in 2005. His lawyer Charles Bach wouldn't say whether Alamars HIV positive.
We believe this is a totally frivolous lawsuit. These allegations are baseless Bach said.
Oh, guess what just popped up again on my screen? Just read with me.
No. That unibluht thing.
Oh, speed up my PC. Well, I hate that thing like poison. Yep.
Now where's that come from, a browser?
Firefox? Yes. We'll screw them.
His lawyer Charles Bach wouldn't say whether it was positive.
Alamars father meant bench coach Sandy. Alamars said the claims were news to him.
This is the first time we ever heard of that. He said from Puerto Rico.
He didn't think his son could keep a serious illness secret.
I imagine I would know. He said, doll, a mother of two who's a who runs a massage spa in Queens wouldn't discuss the suit.
I have no comment. She said outside her lavish home and white stone Queens after getting out of a black Cadillac escalade.
Oh, that's your car.
Like Tom Brady said, that's my car. That's my car. Yeah, that's your car.
Time go screw your brains out. She referred inquiries to her lawyer, Anthony Pia Centini.
Anthony Pia Centini, who declined a comment. Pia Centini.
The suit was filed January 30th in Queens Supreme Court. Alamars had a transfer to Brooklyn, federal court Tuesday.
The court papers outline the couple's relationships starting in 2002.
A month after they began dating, Alamars convinced doll to have unprotected sex and assured her he was disease-free.
The suit says in 2004 she said she noticed cold source in his mouth.
In 2005 after a physical exam ordered by the Tampa Bay Rays, he was diagnosed with thrombocytopenia purpura.
A blood disorder sometimes linked to HIV. Thrombocytopenia purpura.
The doctor told him and Evan HIV testimony refused saying he'd been tested and he was AIDS-free.
In April 2005, Alamars told doll he was suffering from erectile dysfunction and confided he was raped by two Mexican men after playing a ballgame in New Mexico or a Southwestern state when he was 17.
What are you chartland about? I don't know. They're just so small. How can they rape?
It goes on to say that around the same time Alamars developed a persistent cough was bedridden with extreme fatigue.
He developed thrush, a yeast infection, was told by a doctor taking HIV test but refused.
I don't have HIV, he told her repeatedly. A few months later the couple moved to Cleveland where Alamars supposedly tested positive, doll claims that after she learned Alamars had AIDS, she tested negative and no longer had a disease.
She had unprotected sex with him. They broke up last October.
She's demanding at least 15 million impudent of damages claiming Alamars caused her emotional distress and exposed her children to the virus.
He jeopardized the health well-being in life of the plaintiff which caused her to have fear of contracting AIDS and then often referred to as AIDS phobia of the suit says.
Considered one of baseball's greatest second baseman, Alamars stirred controversy in 1996 by spitting in the face of umpire John Hershbeck.
The incident prompted fellow on file Clark to say if I were John, I'd insist that Robbie Alamars take an AIDS test.
HIV has never been transmitted through saliva however and last night Hershbeck said he had no concerns about his safety or hard feelings from their on the field run out.
You tell me something I'm shocked at, Hershbeck said. I wish him nothing but the best. You know what else he said to Roberto?
You forgot something like that.
Oh, Neil!
Neil, God!
I think you're caught and chubbied.
I ain't gonna work and no more.
I've had enough of all the printed his fairies as a folklore.
I've gotten tired of getting money away. You only appreciate the corporate horrors. You're fairies.
You could take your count and chubbied. I ain't worse than this and no more.
Well, I was a Christian soldier of God, believer of these years.
All that time I followed every word of the scriptures, written by queers.
Catch his, say he's a powerful god and an unknown one and a mighty way.
Except in 9-11 when he must have been gone on a bustman's holiday.
Take your count and chubbied.
I ain't gonna work and no more.
Just that you're alright.
If you're with us, because everybody else is wrong, Neil, God!
I'm getting tired of watching people die.
It's the name of it invisible Lord.
Take your count and chubbied.
I ain't worse than this and no more.
Take your count and chubbied.
I ain't worse than this and no more.
146, 14, 02, 05, 60, WQM.
Did I tell you 95% of the emails are coming from across the street?
Yes.
I told you you said, oh no you're such a skeptic.
I'm sure they're all real.
That's what I said.
And then what you said?
I said it twice.
Is real.
What do you hate Israelis?
I like Joey Jonas.
Is he Israeli?
Like he even had a bonus.
Yeah, he's a Jewish.
I checked.
Mont Pleasant, Michigan.
This is a really unusual story.
Kind of like a turnaround.
Central Michigan and its women's basketball coach are being sued by a former player who claims
her heterosexuality was a factor in losing a scholarship after two seasons.
How do you like that?
You straight bitch.
Oh, power outage in the financial district.
But they haven't been able to find the source of the problem.
What a screaming queen.
Power outage is going to last.
As you see, it hasn't affected our ability to broadcast.
And it hasn't affected trading at all.
So the trading day still resumed.
And it's plus five.
How do you like that?
It's like 41.
And the windy and dripping and puking.
Anyway, guess where I'm going at two o'clock?
Am I shoes on?
Am I shirt on my pantaloonies?
Good guess.
Church.
Brooke Hikes says she fell out of favor with Su Guevara.
I immediately after the coach was hired in 2007.
Hikes said Guevara told her she wore too much makeup and wasn't the coach's type.
How about hiring Rachel Maddoan says, you don't wear any makeup?
Talk about a plain Jane.
Wow.
That meant that she was a lesbian, a quarter of a lawsuit filed last week by a federal court in Bay City.
She was not the coach's type.
That meant she was not a lesbian.
I see.
The former Romeo high school star lost her scholarship after the 2007-2008 season.
How do you like that?
She was punished for not being a dike.
I didn't feel she did anything to improve herself after being told over and over what she needed to do with our children appeals.
Can we do that?
Yes, you need to stick her finger in the basket.
I wasn't going to say dike.
Hikes lost her claim to appeal panel simply.
How do you like this?
The whole day over there across the street they sit around listening to the show and send stupid emails and yuck it up.
Wow.
What a waste of time.
Hey, at least somebody's listening.
Hikes lost her claim to appeal panel simply.
The rubber stamped offending Guevara's bad faith decision to deprive plaintiff of her scholarship and the mister from the team for reasons unrelated to basketball.
She wasn't a dike.
Central Michigan spokesman Steve Smith said the allegations have no merit and the university will vigorously defend its position in court.
I wonder what position that is, huh?
You can only imagine.
Guevara, former coach at Michigan, was hired by the Chippewa's in 2007.
Hike was recorded by the previous coach, Ellen Kleinfelter.
Eileen Kleinfelter.
Eileen Kleinfelter.
Hike played in 11 games as a freshman but only six minutes off more season under Guevara.
I had faith in CMU.
I liked CMU.
I wanted to give up everything I could.
Hike told Rivervard during the meeting on her appeal.
I wasn't going to give up.
You gave up on me because I wasn't a dike.
Hike has been attending Community College since leaving campus for Laura Cindy Rhodes.
Victor said she was so traumatized by the experience Victor said Tuesday.
The lawsuit seeks a jury trial.
I'm special about Cash Award.
How do you like that?
Not released from the team for being a dike but for not being a dike.
Have you ever heard that before?
No.
Deepo?
How's Deepo doing?
She's still got a point something.
Yep.
335 votes on the poll.
That's pretty weak.
Very unromantic crowd we have out there.
We got four left on the certificates.
Four, six, something like that.
Take a puke at it.
If you can't do it, I will.
Do it.
Four.
Let me refresh it.
Said four.
Three.
Whoa.
If you wanted one, you better get it now on the Board of Mexican Grill.
Kendall Pembroke finds and where else?
Miami Lakes.
Miami Lakes.
Told you.
Got to win three left.
And that's in spite of the fact that we got hoes by the sales slash something else.
Well, there isn't any traffic department.
That's my suggestion to our middle and upper level management.
Go play in traffic if you can find any.
Yeah, not the department.
Well, you wait till flea shows up tomorrow.
Well, I'm going to I'm going to grill him like a like a Polish sausage.
All right.
I'm telling you.
All these rumors flying around back and forth.
He's going to be the assistant PD press release.
How come if there was a press release put out we don't got it.
We never do get him.
No, we got to get through very jackass.
So I better don't let me forget to check the and I still never got any entries for a Gulf Stream for tomorrow.
For any race.
I said I'm for the human race.
The show is over.
I'll go see if I can find him physically.
You're far from where you want to attack him physically and just punch him in the head.
See if that wakes him up a little bit.
We got all these different things going on all these promotions.
And it's like, oh geez, we forgot about that.
We forgot about the spots.
We forgot about the entries.
We've got you people are like just losers.
But get a lot of what?
Forget about it.
How am I going to handicap the race and pick one for my friend art?
Whoever he is.
If I have no information.
Dart board.
I don't even have the I guess I get the entries online.
I guess I can also get the other great print up the entries have a malloc you know run around on it wherever it drops.
Let the durable run around on there and see which one it farts on.
That's right.
And wish everyone that is that then then we'll pick it.
And of course we can't run the call of the race because otherwise the Josh Friedman will get all upset.
And Mark Hockmeyer, China could upset.
Oh, we're going to really get those guys upset.
Yeah.
We're real concerned about you guys man.
And especially the numbers that begin with a one and one.
Oh, and one.
Oh, and one.
Oh, and one.
That's our friends across the street.
Oh, and one.
Oh, and one.
Yeah.
It's day.
My any town.
At five six o W Q a.
R.
All right.
Gellby.
Gellby.
Talking on a sports show.
Trying to be my show.
Your voice sounds just like a sad, then-year-old girl.
A little sports host show.
What else are you there for?
Gellby.
Gellby.
Talking like a baby.
Who needs a little training?
Why can't you understand?
You don't sound like a man.
Dream of the rubber bands.
That joke.
Your scroll.
Tom.
Gellby.
Gellby.
Gellby.
Gellby.
Your lucky management don't care.
Gellby.
You don't belong there on the air.
And Gellby.
The sports can wait till your voice cracks.
Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
Gellby.
Gellby.
When you're gonna grow up,
You make us wanna grow up.
You feel these squeaky boots go to broadcasting school.
Your fridge you bested boys make you sound like a sad,
You're a heart.
You're a heart.
You're a heart.
You're a heart.
Bye, bye, bye.
