What was that?
I don't think I can drag it back in so we're gonna have to skip the intro.
Okay, skip it.
Wow, what a start.
How's that studio coming Joe?
How's the spawns coming Joe?
How's your feedback bloody ass coming Joe?
You idiot.
Live in Chicago.
Oprah.
All right.
I'm gonna see the Ireland.
Oh, you did.
It is so great to be here.
You know, I was worried I wasn't gonna make it.
Really?
Yeah, I was pinned down by a sniper fire.
Oh, yeah.
You know, you're not feminine enough.
Well, that's very possible.
You also walk like a man.
Well, you first started with testosterone.
And then you made the decision to have your breast removed.
That's the obvious balance.
Get to the penis part.
Did you have like a penis implant?
Yes, and I still have the scars.
Do you like rotestical too?
I have 2002.
Wow.
Bye everybody.
Well, here we are.
We had a rocky start again.
How's that studio coming?
It's coming along.
Just great.
Is it?
Yeah.
How come you got copies of emails between me and Joe Bell on Friday?
I guess as the producer of the show, I get CC'd every once in a while.
Get out of here.
Get CC'd.
George never got CC'd.
I know emails between me and Joe Bell.
What are you talking about?
I'm just telling you, I got CC'd on it.
I don't know why.
CC, yeah.
CC writer.
CC.
Sounds to me real suspicious if you ask me.
But just keep in mind.
And I hope Eric will change that pull sometime soon, sometime in my lifetime.
I've asked him in the morning.
Come on, Eric.
Let's get with it.
So speaking of that bid, I just played family.
Access wedding plans and Egyptian cuts off Oregon.
Oh, no.
Cairo, a 25-year-old Egyptian man, cut off his own penis, to spite his family after he was refused permission to marry a girl from a lower-class family.
After unsuccessfully petitioning his father for two years to marry the girl, the man heated up a knife and sliced off his reproductive organ, so a police official.
The young man came from a prominent family in the southern Egyptian province of Kienar, one of Egypt's poorest and most conservative areas that's also home to the famed ancient Egyptian ruins of Luxor.
Ever been to Luxor in Vegas?
Yes, I have.
I don't like it.
But you don't like anything.
The man was rushed to the hospital, but doctors were unable to reattach the severed penis.
The official added, citing the police report filed after the incident.
The official was spoken condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak with a press.
Added the man was still recovering in hospital.
I would think so.
When you think a lot of blood loss, if you cut off your off thing?
Yeah, I would think so.
Traditionally, marriages in these conservative parts of southern Egypt are between similar social classes, often within the same extended families, and are rarely for love.
So another shot at love?
I guess he won't have another shot at love.
I don't think so.
Do you think?
No, it doesn't sound like it.
It doesn't sound like it to me.
I guess he screwed it all up 25 years old and he has no more shot at love.
Well, we did our demographic survey again over the weekend.
Several conclusions we can come to.
Okay.
Number one, we've got as many or more people listening than we had six years ago.
The previous time that I could find that was 2003.
And number two, conclusion is that the audience has gotten much older.
Now, the reason I can see that the audience has gotten much older is the fact that we can't play or say the stuff that we used to six years ago.
Not even close.
First, we had the Janet Jackson Tinkerbell thing at the Super Bowl, and that kind of put a chill on the whole radio business.
And then we had Jolly Jo and Joyce come along.
Although, don't blame them for anything going on the dials up 173 points.
GM filed for bankruptcy this morning.
It's official.
And we got tourists, man.
We got a general manager who belongs in a rubber room somewhere.
I still think he needs to be Baker Rack.
And I think he's dangerous to himself and the rest of the free world.
You'd be the guy to do it.
I should do it.
Make the call.
Baker Rack, Joe Bell.
Call up.
Who do you call when you're Baker Rack?
Somebody.
I believe you call the police department.
Have him Baker Rack.
Have him put away.
Lock him up.
Well, you saw those emails.
Just bust in my chops and bust in my bowls and bust in my ass and bust in and bust in and bust in and bust in.
There's some bustin' going on.
Oh, yeah.
And you know what?
He can bite me.
Is what he can do.
He's about as compelling as a frog's part.
All this song and a dance about, oh no, it's easy to blame me and blame Joyce and blame the beesleaves.
But you're the one.
I have no control over the content of this show.
And evidently he wants to make it even worse than that today.
He's going to call me after the show he said.
So we can start programming the material on the show.
Mm-hmm.
Is that what it sounds like to you?
Because jolly Joe, he knows compelling radio.
I think you guys should have a daily show meeting for sure.
Oh, yeah.
Hold your breath for that.
Daily show meeting my ass.
Anyway, general mode is filed for bankruptcy protection.
Wait a minute.
Look at that.
There's only one choice on the pool there, Eric.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Which of these is the most compelling radio?
And he's got storm cat.
That's the only choice.
Eric, I think it's still a work in progress.
Oh, there they are.
Scare the hell out of me.
Okay, let me give you the demographic rundown.
That's not going to be really compelling though.
I don't think, huh?
Maybe.
No, I don't think so.
No.
The biggest differential.
Now, we actually had more teenage girls listening than we did six years ago.
We had 12 and back then we only had nine.
But teenage boys we had only three this time as compared to 57 six years ago.
Wow.
You think maybe the content of the show might have something to do with that?
Could be.
All the rampant censorship that we are suffering.
Male 35 to 54 we actually had over 100 more.
We had 823 back then we had 721.
The total tally in 2003, we had 14 out of 18 people tally in and this time, 1540.
122 more.
Old.
Oh my god.
Male 55 plus up to 394 was only 149 back then more than twice as many.
Men 55 plus.
Old parts like me.
And I could read all the numbers but it's not compelling.
No.
All right, some movie over the weekend that I really enjoyed.
Nick of time with Johnny Depp.
You ever see it?
I have.
Yeah.
And what did you think?
Yeah, it was a good movie.
It wasn't great.
No.
It wasn't one of my all-time favorites.
It wasn't one that I'm going to do a poll about but nevertheless.
It was pretty entertaining.
I don't want to talk too much about it because then I'll room the ending for you.
Nick of time with Johnny Depp.
And you know who was in that movie?
Who?
The guy who played, I kept trying to think who is this guy?
Who is this character actor?
He played the crooked senator from Nevada in the godfather.
He was in on the whole conspiracy.
He was one of the only, you know, much older but I still recognized him.
You know who I'm talking about?
No, but I'm going to find out.
Well, Michael told him.
My offer is this.
Nothing.
My offer is this.
I can give you my answer now, Senator.
The crooked senator.
Oh, the Italian people are a wonderful people.
They're never still afraid, Train.
You don't remember him?
I do, but I don't remember his name.
Well, I had a look at it up.
I don't know his name either.
Which of these is most compelling radio?
That's our poll question because jolly joe bells
is we have to be compelling every minute, every second of every show.
Every minute.
Otherwise, people might tune out.
You know, the interesting part of it is over the years,
one of the strongest suits I've had in the ratings is the length of listenership.
If you go back and do the research, check it out.
Skyrocketing, unbelievable length of listenership.
But according to jolly joe, well, the beeper, beeper, beeper, beeper, beeper, beeper, beeper.
Who knows?
He talks a lot of crap.
Is that what you said about his emails?
Is that he?
A lot of crap.
That's what even your buddy flees is.
A lot of crap, joe.
Leave me alone.
And if my phone rings at two o'clock after the show today,
I've got other stuff to do.
Like go to lunch.
That was up 180 points.
Isn't that good?
And that passenger plane is still missing.
That air france jet with 228 people on it.
Hit a bunch of turbulence and they haven't heard from it no more.
Doesn't sound too promising, does it?
Ever been on a plane when it had real, real, real bad turbulence?
And you felt like this was the end?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, boy, one time landing in Amsterdam.
Three approaches before we finally landed with Martin Skier.
And there were people crossing themselves, people praying on a plane.
You know, you start to land and you get, oh, I don't know how close to the runway.
And then all of a sudden, up you go again.
And you're thinking, boy, this is not good.
This is the end, my friend.
Well, we got 18 votes on the new poll so far.
Do you want to hear it?
23 votes on the new poll.
Which of these is the most compelling radio?
Neil Ranting and Raving 18.
Drew Rosenhaus II.
Mark the Jets fan too.
Richie from Borishead won.
None for our Windbag or Stormcat.
Now, if you could just, if you wanted to do a good job producing,
if you get colors, once we get to phone working, if it ever happens,
colors like Stormey on there, we go zooming up there.
Then we'd be compelling.
Mm-hmm.
And the actor that you're talking about is GD Spragling.
I'll be damned.
See nobody knows who that is.
No, but he's been in a lot of good movies.
But he was the crooked senator from Nevada and Godfather.
As soon as he say that, everybody right away knows who it is.
And that's been so many years, even though, you know,
I've seen the movie 4,000 times in between.
But so many years since that came out, 37 years ago, 1972.
And now he shows up in Nicky Time with Johnny Depp.
Really amazing how Johnny Depp turned into quite like an acrobat.
And all the sorts of amazing things in that movie.
Yeah, it's hard to believe.
Ordinary guys from off the street, they wind up in these situations, you know,
and all of a sudden they do these phenomenal things.
And that movie is 14 years old.
What, Nicky Time?
Yep.
Well, maybe somebody else out there has seen it.
Guess what other movie was on again last night?
And I watched it again, and nobody in this audience has seen it.
The neighbor with Rod Surling.
I can't stop watching it.
Have you ever had a movie like that that, you know,
in movies they're like an hour and a half, two hours long.
So it's not like you're watching a commercial over again
because you liked it so much, you're watching a whole movie again.
And I just saw it a few days ago.
You still haven't seen it though, right?
No, not yet.
The neighbor with Rod Surling.
It's a must see.
It's good, really good.
He's so good, it's scary to me.
He delivers every line with a certain distinctive something, Rod Surling.
Even like one word, you know, okay, okay.
He's still dead though, right, Rod Surling?
I think so.
Didn't we share that out on Friday?
Yeah.
It wasn't real compelling though.
And one thing I'm not going to do anymore I've decided because it is not compelling
is those stupid obituaries.
If my friend Buzz Flores is listening, thanks for all the obits.
But I don't think the audience wants to hear about dead people unless it's somebody really, really famous, you know?
Right.
Like that guy from Godfather, we're just talking about it.
That nobody ever heard of?
No.
No, don't you, don't you agree?
Yeah, I would say that most people don't care about the average person dying.
And especially people that even we never heard of, right?
I mean, you know, there's people dying every day.
It's going around.
So I think I would agree with, I mean, not that Jolly Joe has given me any specifics
because that would require, you know, a little bit too much effort, I guess.
41 votes on the poll so far.
Which of these is the most compelling radio?
Neil Randigan, Raving34, Drew Rosenhaus II, Mark the Jets fan, two, Ira Windbag's got a vote.
Richie from Borershead, one, and the storm stormy got one, one for Stormcat.
Out of the first 41 votes.
I know personally I like hearing about how Drew is doing with the ladies.
Don't you?
Aren't you concerned about how Drew Rosenhaus is doing with the ladies?
No, not really.
I couldn't care less.
That to me is about as compelling as an elephant's part.
As a messy Joyce Balmobot, a messy Joyce Joyce.
That's how compelling it is to me.
Yeah.
So we've lost the younger age of the demographic in the last six years because, you know,
because Neil's just old and funny, and not compelling.
You know that scene that you saw recommend for a dream, right?
Yes.
That scene where they're showing tabby tibans or whatever's name is, the TV show that she's obsessed with.
And the audience is going, be excited.
Be, be excited.
I'm thinking we ought to have a chicken neck do a thing where you, be compelling.
Be, be compelling.
Does she think I would be good?
That would be good.
We could cheer on you.
And the only people I remember using the word about compelling radio was Mr. Radio
and some of the other chronics on there like Steve Rodden Arrow and Greg Vudell
and whoever else compelling.
It's really compelling radio.
Yeah.
So I think your buddy is, is some of the chronic e-mailers.
I really do.
Over-involved in this show.
Get out of the show, Joe, and it'll be much more compelling with you out of it.
Keep your fat ass out of this show.
Oh no, we got a new system and we got to learn to play the game.
Yeah.
We got that new panel.
You know, the interesting thing is that when you've got none of your listeners is in part of the ratings panel,
no matter how compelling you are, if you're the most compelling show in a history of the business,
if the people aren't in there, they're not going to put you down.
They're not going to like be listening to you.
You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
Doesn't that make sense?
I mean, it's not rocket science.
It's pretty common sense.
Right.
1013 at 560 WQM Happy Monday.
It's El Primero de Hunio.
I'm Sally Struthers.
I'm asking you to think about how some starving children...
...in North of New Marathon Asia.
Miss Struthers, I haven't eaten in a long time.
Get your hands off.
Did you see I'm doing a spot here?
I'm f- a little...
...a 15-dollar-some-mom.
Hey, lady, excuse me.
But I got a whole piece of these red spruce flies into the ship cargo hole.
You cut that pallet and you're dead meat dog, breathe.
Give.
And save the syndrome.
This has been a public service announcement for Sally Struthers Save the Children.
1018 at 560 WQM Happy Monday to you.
Somebody, the fake Tom Jikka has got a good point.
In fact, I was going to put this person on there and I forgot.
Thanks, Tom.
You forgot jerk, jerk street on the pole.
Oh, yeah.
They'll write him on there right away.
He's pretty compelling jerk, jerk street.
I mean, the sports nerds on the station have got him on like what?
Every five minutes?
In between Drew Rosenawson and how he's doing with the ladies.
Baron Fitz sends an email.
We would take a whole bunch of calls today.
Flea and I would love to take calls, but we can't do it.
Phone system is still broken down.
I don't understand what the big rush is to get your studio.
Well, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You don't understand anything.
You fat ass fool you.
Fat ass fool.
How is it that you're so tight with this clown?
I tell you, he's always been cool to me.
What can I say?
Well, see if he takes a liking to you, then I guess you're okay.
But if he takes a disliking to you from the beginning, like with Hank.
Oh, was there a hatred involved there?
I mean, just a great hate.
And he hates me like poison.
So he's going to do everything in his power to make my life miserable
and give me a song to dance.
And one week he's telling me about, oh, the new or rating system doesn't.
It's a joke and nobody believes it.
And then the next, as you saw on Friday, well, we have to learn to live with us
and learn to play the game.
And I'm not going to sit back and watch the place tank.
Oh, tanks a lot.
How'd that Kenny and Blow morning show work out?
I don't have worked out really well.
And what about jerks?
And what about nighttime where we got shares?
Oh, he seems to enjoy those shares at the beginning with a...
Oh, Baron Fitz is how annoyingly good at the D-Treat Red Wings.
While you talk about something not compelling with the South Floor audience,
hockey, they couldn't care less.
Much like the Patriots in football, it's amazing at the same time
maddening how good they always are.
Growing up, a 49ers fan in the 80s have been on the fun side of rooting for dominant team.
He says, but crap, it gets old watching these great teams constantly kick every other team's ass over and over again.
There you go, Uncle Neil.
The first and last time I'll contribute sports nerdiness to your show,
how's that for compelling Joe Bell?
I know how much you love that, so you're welcome.
Now, we don't love hockey.
No.
I do, but I mean, they don't.
They don't.
They don't talk about it.
And that's a good thing because nobody in South Florida gives a flying crap.
They don't care.
Do you care about hockey?
I enjoy hockey.
Oh, you're a hockey fan.
I forgot.
Yeah.
I'd rather go though than listen to it on the radio.
How about watching the Tom on TV?
Hockey's more of a, you got to be their kind of sport for me.
Keep working hard and getting in and getting your breaks.
So that we got a good break when I have you scored tonight.
Gotta go out there, work real hard and, you know,
we're tough on out.
They should take it one game at a time.
Yeah.
All the sports cliches all the time.
Well, if you didn't have all bunch of sports cliches,
we couldn't have all these sports stations on radio and TV.
That was up almost 200 points.
Pretty damn exciting.
Be excited.
Be, be excited.
Are we compelling at or what?
Not yet, but I think we're moving that way.
We're moving in that direction.
Good.
GD Spreadlin played Senator Geary, Cisco.
Yeah, we know that.
Also great is the Tom Landry clone in North Dallas 40.
You forgot about that one.
Oh, yeah.
And Tom says, I remember the Senator being in one on one with Robbie Benson.
He was his coach.
Remember the coach?
That is not as coach.
Yep.
And at the end of the movie, Robbie Benson told him to stick it up there
with a Red Hot Poker or something like that.
Yeah, all bloodied and black eyed and...
Oh, boy.
Robbie Benson.
Problem with Robbie is he got to be 50 and he still looked like he was 15.
That was his problem.
He just...
And he also had a heart attack.
He did?
Yep.
And also his grandfather was the first rabbi in the state of Texas.
See how much you're learning already how compelling this show is?
My God.
Such incredibly useless information.
Very informative.
Well, I'm a big Robbie Benson fan.
Hey, Robbie.
Huh?
I like that movie a lot.
What, one on one?
I did when I was a kid, yeah.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Sounds really kind of...
Yeah.
Hey, to me, I don't know.
That's why I liked it.
And Carl sends me a picture of Vick and Irvings in Rochester.
Is this the place you talked about on your show in Rochester?
He asked, well, of course.
Was it sea breeze and passed by, I had to stop since Carl.
Well, I was a Don and Bob's fan.
I saw Vick and Irving Don and Bob's.
They tried Vick and Irving for a lot of day over there for a little while and went over like...
Hot Tamales in Siberia.
I didn't fly.
They went under.
But if it's good enough for General Motors to go bankrupt, I guess it was good enough for Vick and Irving too, right?
That's pretty compelling when GM declares bankruptcy and the federal government is running the ship.
All my life, I've had almost all GM cars.
What about you?
Yeah, I had a couple of Camaro's.
Yeah, we've been through that.
I had a 67 and a 70 Camaro.
Ground round stakes and frozen custard.
Oh, God.
Chocolate almond fudge, frozen custard, and Don and Bob's in Rochester.
There was nothing like it and the world never has been, never will be.
Don and Bob's.
Boy, if I knew when I was young how good Don and Bob's really was, I'd weigh like 500 pounds.
I'd be in a box.
I went to a great place on Saturday in Adventuria.
Next time you're in town, you got to try it. It's called Bourbon Steak.
Yeah.
It was great.
One of the side dishes that they had, caramelized onions, goat cheese potatoes.
Oh, man, that sounds awesome.
Let me tell you.
It was good.
It's in the hotel over there at the Turnberry Resort, the Fairmont.
Oh, awesome.
You get a freebie or something or what?
No, I'm just saying it was that good that you should try it.
You get a freebie or what?
No, I paid full.
Full board.
Good for you.
Wow, that's not so good.
Now with the kind of money you're making doing this show.
No.
Did we add the jerk street on there?
Yeah, he's on there.
He doesn't have any votes yet, though.
Well, he's not that compelling, I guess.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Where is that hand?
Where's that hand?
Surprises out there being called.
I don't know where that hand is, where the hand is.
Where does he come from?
The bag is on.
He's been Trick schoolown deal.
Been in Baltimore for two and a half years now.
He's been up and reaching Live Years of Caves for less than 30 years.
When he was playing on campus and onkem here,
he was picking water and going with a guy,
He was using hisular hand to fix his altered survivor.
He was holding everything,
and then one excite me thinking about when we were off.
So he was keeping noon.
fanatical bull crap that you were spewing out on a daily basis oh yeah they read
me the riot act we have a lot of conversations about politics not you finally
got back to being a fat funny fact while I like it that way yeah J. Obviously is
there is a right-wing Nazi I love these people who think oh they've
got to send me an email I'm gonna stop talking about you know left wing
first of all there's nothing to talk about politics because unless we want to
talk about Sonia Sato Mayor or whatever her name is there's nothing going on
I mean you know you got your president who quite frankly I'm a little bit
disappointed in many aspects but nevertheless I like him a lot personally but
as far as presidential I don't know there's some things that seem to be a
continuation of the last eight years which isn't a pretty picture if you get
my drift but the election is over J. T whoever the hell you are the election's
over nobody read me any riot act not about that although starting it to
today I'm starting to show information some show instruction from your
buddy and I'm sure he'll carbon he'll copy you on whatever we a discussion is
maybe
you
was it just me or that thing failed to destroy the ass in
you like the bone but there's no smoke it's time for your first hope you're upset
no waking babe no budget says not even shake you can't deal you have to leave you
go out just find weed your money's tight you can't see another way to fill
your need oh you try to think of true could score you some part oh yeah
almost whipped a booze my shirt pipe is lined with parchment
no it's gonna have to scrape it sure addicted to
but my eat is well-faced sure addicted to
but my eat is well-faced sure addicted to
but my eat is well-faced sure addicted to
but my eat is well-faced of course I'm sure that's bloody but packs and they're
talking about right oh yeah of course you know even as much of a goofball and a
BS artist as he was he was heads and shoulders above some others I can think of
I thought I want to mention any names you do understand that would not be very
compelling no but who Mary Lewis said listen you were a young man one thing I'm
discovering about you when I got that text from you this morning about how you
saw all the email exchange on Friday between me and fat ass jolly joe I almost fell
off the chair here what business have you got reading confidential personal
private hostile emails between me and fat ass bloody jolly joe that's not a
question for me I guess no it's a question for him why is he sharing that with
you what did you do put it out in the newspaper and no put out a press release
for crying out loud I got some very very very good news by the way just
moments ago change my whole I might be compelling today the rest of the show
because I got some very very sensational news all right also myself one might be
ringing once or twice today got some business going on this week Mary Lewis is
I read the Larry King book this weekend I got it from the library so he didn't
get any money from me good good thinking Mary Lou he has such a puss that is
correct and a liar and a BS artist and a con man there was a brief chapter of his
arrest but he didn't mention anything about owing bets at the track let me say it
again for those who may have missed it the first four thousand times over the
years and either Gulfstream I think it was Gulfstream or called her but I'm
pretty sure Gulfstream they had a drawer they used to call the Larry King
drawer that had all the bad checks that he passed that he cashed at the track
back in the day and I told a story long long time ago which I just remember
little bits and pieces of how one of his favorite tricks would be to go to the
teller and I'll give me a hundred dollars to win a number nine you know and and
then all which he I left my money at the table I'll be right back anyway with
stiff the teller because you know at the end of the day if the racetrack the
teller has to light like in a bank you know how a teller in a bank has to
at the end of the day balance everything out oh yeah well the teller at the
track has to do the same thing the amount of cash they've got has to balance out
with how many whatever the bets were that shows on the machine so he would
stiff the teller yeah he'd go back to the table and would never return then when
he wanted to make his next bet he'd go like to a different teller or like on a
different floor that's Larry for your real con man and look where he is
they multi-million he's making millions and millions and millions and I could be
wrong but I don't think he's really compelling you know you know once in a
while he does have some interesting people on there which I'll channel surf if I
think of it and see if he's got anybody on there I want to see I sure saw
I want to see him with those suspenders and that smelly bag 115 votes on the
pool which of these is the most compelling radio jerk jerk streak out of
vote I'll ride Neil Ranting and Raving 100 I and of course you know what Joe
was saying well that's your audience Neil they're just kissing your ass they're
kissing up to you yeah that's right I wrote windbag for Drew Rosenhouse 3
Mark the Jets fan 3 Richie from Borizad 2 Stormcat 2 one of the worst
collars in the history of talk radio and jerk jerk streak one so lament
a Uno why are people sending me these stories about the abortion doctor that
was killed and all I mean isn't that in the news doesn't everybody know about
that you know about it right yeah and I know about it it's not really compelling
that plane by the way still on accounted for
sent out an emergency signal air France at 238 people on board ran into some
really really bad turbulence I guess like a big electrical storm or something
thunder and lightning and all of these things anyway we're talking about GM and
the fact that almost all my cars my life time I had one Ford T-bird
it was a good looking car yeah there's a nice but I didn't like it but all my
other cars my whole life I don't think I've ever bought for myself any car that
wasn't a GM car no I don't think I've owned any Ford to have two Camaros and
I had a GM Blazer Chevy Blazer yeah how is that that's great car I think ran
forever my first car was a Chevy Corvair a little blue Corvair 1960 I put
150,000 miles on it and yeah it didn't have problems the fan belts were
notorious for breaking for whatever reason you know this thing about plant
obsolescence in the way they used to make cars is to make sure that there were a
lot of parts that would keep falling apart that you know so you'd have to
replace them you know what I'm saying plant obsolescence yep I don't think so
much in recent years like I have very very few problems with my Corvettes
including the 2004 blue one that I'm driving here now God I love that car
it's like a fast Cadillac you know what it is to have that power under your
foot no when you need to pass some silly ass Chinese month on the gardener
expressway who's going about 20 miles an hour it's nice to have that power
under your foot I'd like to take that foot and stick it back down a certain spot
but I'm not going to do that I'd have to come down there to do that got some
really good personal news on the email moments ago yeah I guess share or no
okay Terry says I think Joe Bell suggestions for your show of proven valuable I
would listen to them carefully write them all down and do the exact opposite
of what he says remember what George always said about WQM programming
oh compelling sneeze oh my God I enjoy sneezing on me I don't know why I don't
know what it really sounds like you know I mean because most people they'll use
the cough button or whatever that's pansy stuff I already got a bad pansy
reputation as it is I don't need to be chopping off the mic when I'm coughing
or sneezing take her park out there in LA says good morning Neil or wherever
she is that yeah she's in LA I really enjoyed your demographic poll on Friday
over the weekend and the resulting emails thirty-two year old female in LA
I've been dedicated listener for the past two and a half years after a worker
originally from Miami introduced me to your show I'll be a thirty-three year old
female in November so at least I get to keep my demographic group I haven't a
yeah we can say that that's a new one for Joyce says otherwise oh don't blame
Joe and don't blame Joyce and don't blame the beesleys Neil yeah right I'm the one
that decided we can't say anything we you know like that list of words you were
talking about last week juvenile pathetic I've got a bit that would just I can't do
it to you because it would put you on a spot okay probably function so I mean
there are so many burps and farts and stuff in there it's just who just blow us
right off what I'd be so offended would you be offended no so fired I'll tell you
that I'm sorry farts are funny farts are funny we'll tell that to Joyce Joyce
doesn't fart Joyce is a real classy lady when you met her yeah you had your big
meeting with her and what was your take she was really nice to me she was nice to
me on the phone too well we can't discuss that no Stephen coconut creeks says who
produced those spots with a dreary solo piano background music truly awful not
compelling that's the word of the day compelling
holy macken on this is Joe boy on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're
listening to the hockey authority Neil God
hello hello I was calling about the wabbage you have for sale in a paper
okay what kind of wabbage are they okay I have some lot yeah I have some lots some spotty
lots and some solid color lots oh wonderful and I have a straight ear toe and I have two dwarves
what a dwarf there's my ready oh okay we have a farm and we like to play with the
wabbage on a farm you wouldn't happen to have any like little wabbage handcuffs
hey what little handcuffs for a wabbage yes
well we used them when we hunt them on the farm we like to hunt the wabbage and we take them
and nail them to a tweed by their ears and then skin them alive
there was hello and now I think that's what you don't do at least right
sir I couldn't say you're ready we have a little game we play called all wabbage must die
no sir no sir no sir I wouldn't say you're ready
a firm fifty dollars I like to hunt the wabbage all right okay you you go out in the
wild and you hunt rabbits the phase aren't to kill I like to put them in a little pin and then
hunt them down unmasively now sir I'm sorry and day you're ready sometimes we even
spare them due to head with a wasty water in my home in my bedroom where my wife sleeps
where my children come and play with their toys
yeah oh that's it that's the end of the clip yeah it's a long trail on that for for some reason
I guess I put it in badly it's 1046 at 560 wtqm on the compelling Neil Rogers show
what do we got in the rest of it it's going to be really compelling we got the big oh he's
pretty compelling two to four well mad dog four to seven and then we got dolphin and I seven
to wait on on a scale of minus infinity not compelling and then eight to eleven we got the
DA show with his oh sure Jose has a pull suggestion but I think it's kind of a mood point
what will George be doing now the wqa I'm giving the boot I think looking for another job is
probably the only choice needs to be honored yeah speaking of only one choice on the pool I have
done some of those over the years like I could do one of those for tomorrow like who's the biggest
jackass of the mall and just put fat ass jolly joe on there and that'd be the only choice that was
up 190 points but that would be bad but it was kind of amusing to look over there and see that
there was only only storm care was on there when the pool first came up the new one
here's one that says the good news you receive must be about George or maybe Joyce and Joe were
heading to France and suspiciously having be the turbulence is a real bitch yeah really is
sometime one time flying to Atlanta oh my god they got in the summertime some brutal thunderstorms
Atlanta and I had to make a connection there oh brother don't fly to Atlanta unless you absolutely
have to yeah horrible that lightning gets real bad Atlanta really really bad then this particular flight
it was really it was compelling almost compelled me to drop a big load my pantaloonies but not
oh here's one from the fake joey go away joey dropped it all these fake this one and that one go
away you're not compelling you're boring joy Reynolds he was boring on here and he's boring on the
emails too boring terminal coma inducing 158 votes on the pool mark the jetspan is in second place
with only five votes and jerk jerk street is last he's got solamente uno not compelling jerk
jerk street oh here's one we ought to add on oh here's three we need to add on there thank you
boss boss quit with the obituaries because he realizes it's not compelling and so we had a
three more for the pool let me guess to make him Paul no how about uh john from pohoki no
amount bino cook is he still alive yeah bino cook you putting these on there what yeah I'm gonna
fantasy sports and boss says my favorite the NFL draft
okay I'll add them gonna add them
getting any more intercepted emails from jolly joe no nothing today no well that's because
they're having been a day but if you want I'll send them some caustic stuff and then you can read it
you you still don't understand why I find that very peculiar that he's sharing with you
and email conversation that went back and forth on friday for some hours as a matter of fact
you don't find that a little strange yeah a little bit I find it uh unacceptable and by the way
in the midst of all those emails guess who I called to inform him that somebody was like uh
starting to interfere in the show even more than usual norma right norma and norma is gonna write
a letter in or norma hasn't written any letter norma hasn't done squat you know well maybe he's
squatting I don't know he's gonna write a letter I know I'm probably an official uh Kent and
Kormacan letterhead no or maybe I'm old the 1400 FTL letterhead the light bulb he hasn't done squat
and so I think he's being fully compensated black he says here's some compelling news I was in
New York this weekend running the Brooklyn half marathon I was in a diner Sunday in Manhattan
and I saw Abe Vagoda I was talking to the cashier and walked up to pay his bill or he walked up Abe
I recognized him right away I said to him I just watched the godfather recently he looked at me and
smiled and said thank you Abe Vagoda boy he had the wicked argument over and over again with
George about who said look at brought these sleeps with the fishes now even you know that was
cl- that was not cl- I was uh clemenza okay look at brought these sleeps with the fish and he kept
insisting it was um Abe Vagoda walk it out by the voice it's not yes it's a clemenza look at brought
these sleeps with the fish yeah he had a very distinctive voice I mean they sounded similar but
that was definitely not Tesio he was awesome on a bony Miller as fish well take your word for it I
didn't watch that show really anyway Abe paid his bill walked out with a woman I'm guessing it was
his wife he looked okay but was walking with a cane oh boy he was walking with a cane oh the
phone is gonna rain oh you take it for a second
this is my new intermission music I think but I'll like give him 35 seconds and then he's got to come
back which maybe he will or won't
okay wow okay sorry about that but that happens now in the show that's you know not compelling but
it's just one of those things it's part of life blackie says have a compelling show today
Abe Vagoda is walking with a cane it's one thing I don't have a walker yet or a cane
or an ugly stick or any of those things well Abe is 88 years old is he really yep 88 that's great
how could you not love him now let's see I got I got some Tesio in here for example
type sync can't do it Sally can't do it Sally don't call me Sally
jesus tell Mike it was only business I always liked him but uh but I'm being you know I was trying
to get him killed Dorothy from Miramar's system a 53 year old female I've been listening since
Stan major was on here seemed like yesterday I guess that was around 1975 or six now I sure don't
think so more like 1980 I would think I've been enjoying the show nearly every day since then if I
move I'll take you with me on the internet okay you'll just want to be your uncounted listeners checking
in Dorothy from Miramar well thanks Dorothy and that's sweet sorry about that phone call by the way
it was not compelling it's okay I mean it could have not answered didn't let it go to voicemail and
she could left a message but then she'd probably call me back in a half an hour and he'd be the phone
be ringing and ringing and ringing I said hey I'm doing a radio show bitch oh I mean
oh JD says Roger Daltry is the man he still has his chops okay that's what JD says
Steve Tyler yes I'm in agreement with you but he's gotten too commercial for my taste oh
oh I get so upset when people start that crap oh they're too commercial now yeah yeah wait
too many hits now yeah why not the best guitar player passed in present for an example it says
don't been there done that near you're too good for your market you have mass appeal with the gay
and straight audience and satellite is where you belong and get your cojonis back can't get it back
once they slice them off hang in there sorry for that puns is JD you you see a pun in there somewhere
hang in there yeah hung in there oh I'm being hung all right make no mistake about it
I just got too many things going on I can't I don't have time to talk to jolly joe I don't blame
him oh here's one that says the streaming is down both on wqm and your page well I really doubt it
because when you think other people would say the streaming is down it was working fine this morning
and Brandon who listens online has sent me two emails so I don't think that the streaming is down
john and lake worth says hope you're gearing up for that grueling summer schedule of yours
I'll try to give the show a chance in your absence but just in case I have a fully stocked iPod
I've never had you choose one of my polls so here goes what's your favorite listener phrase
my two favorites at the moment are douche nozzle and ass pipe I don't recall ass pipe do you
no I think it's ass clown ass clown and of course we could have joe bells name replaced with the
winner hope you're enjoying the warmer weather up there say hi to George john and lake worth
hi George now there is no warmer weather here it's been not not great not summer like at all
like an extension factor I'm looking outside it's cloudy it's murky it's not so great yeah it's been
raining here for like two weeks straight yeah I hear that 14 15 days in a row well the lord is pissed
off but then that was up damn near 200 points this is the neo-roger show this is your brain
oh no no no no no any questions at cadenio redwood who plays Harry Potter on the big screen will
make his Broadway debut he received a lot of attention for appearing naked on stage I'm Harry
I'm never told to a snake before I want you to mount it I'm grippy tight what if I make a fool of
myself Harry Potter is Harry Potter you're Harry Potter with the dinky little penis dude put that thing
away they're like children here I just hope you realize how fortunate you are did you have like a
penis in plan or you did something else well don't forget to zip up your fly if you don't zip up your
fly I see that will get you that's bloody brilliant you're a wizard Harry looks like us
worth penis boy it's just obsessive it's 11 o'clock at 560 w.m. the um compelling neo-roger show
almost forgot the word yeah that would be bad I got a couple of Stephen Cokin
accrues streaming is working perfectly today and sam and boston said the guy who said streaming
wasn't functional is full of joy since working fine psm says avagota is great he was the only reason
to watch the bernie Miller show I didn't I never watch that show wasn't the guy with a mustache
on that show what else's name uh yeah guy what is his name who's like kind of an old time singer
to a crooner thinks he's a singer come on to your show yeah but this is a long long time ago
Barney Miller how lending how lending yeah you google it that was the big stall routine that
was up 205 points and they got richard question on there there is absolutely no question no question
plain bearing in mind the data Tony of what we know of where the plane was where it was last recorded
on radar off the coast of brazil the direction it how how can he be on the air I mean seriously how
how can they put him on the year CNN I don't know I mean they got a lot of crap on here they got
Ricky Sanchez on there but Richard queshtorta with his donkey teeth oh my god he's gonna have at
least 400 teeth the time we know about it it was at 35,000 feet uh train over nearly 400 500 knots
so they answered your question is that this has been a catastrophe and the plane has basically left
the sky all right so let's say it's left the sky you know what that means don't you
yeah El Prasio left the sky not good what an interesting choice of words it's basically left
the sky got a whole bunch of stuff from Friday that I never got to which is good because we don't
have a whole bunch of stuff from today you know what I mean uh-huh carryovers from our demographic
survey on race aka drases I'm a Hispanic male 29 years old been listening since 23 I'm about 30
man won't stop listening these commonists as they're just destroying your show Neil it's incredible
it's incredible George is gone and you can bet money Joyce bitch put out it on you and the show
guess who's the hitman jolly joe bell oh it says it said watching this unfold over the last year
it's crazy so that salty cracker from North Carolina nothing to be fired at a missinabact in North
Carolina at a motion mock over in kitchen or waterloo who used to be in Fort Lauderdale he's 21
been listening since he was 10 since he was 10 and he's still hanging in there with us through all
the craft through all the garbage dog says I'm a 52 year of gory from Jupiter has been listening
since 93 during the QM days during the QAM days I think he means during the IOD days see how
these people get it all confused met you once an appearance at a broward mall forget the name
fat rich was there with George at a broward mall maybe the swag grass could be probably we used
to go a book some million whatever the hell that place is called in the swag grass I think that's
it is it how do you know I've been in the sawgrass took your advice went to Vegas 97 had a blast
also lived in Italy my junior year in high school best food nicest people if you ever leave the
airways that'll be the end of soft floor radio forever well you better tell jolly joe that because
he's trying to badly push me out man when in doubt push him out when you when you agree with that
uh... maybe even you said about those emails from friday you said boy he sure effing with you
no it's you said it seems like he takes a jab every once in a while takes a jab
like two weeks ago he didn't believe the this new rating system and nobody else does either
and they're getting sued all over the place and now all of a sudden well you know I didn't say
I believed them but we got to learn to play their game above above above yeah
if we can just get stormy on course if we ever get the phones working that would be you know
step in the right direction we don't have our studio with the phones don't work but other than that
the companies do a phenomenal job for the new Roger show make him a stick about it yeah don't
blame the bees ladies don't blame me and don't blame joys and don't blame but it'll be put about you
Jackie says 47 year old female but listening since w i o d miss you George but flea is doing a good job
yeah you haven't encountered like a stream of negativity out of hostility yet not yet that's coming
that's coming maybe in the summertime when you're going to be doing lots and lots of shows you know
because i'm not working extra during the summertime no matter what kind of a BS
no and then this crap that maybe you read the one email about how if I were you I'd feel really
I'd feel feel terrible about being beaten by syndicated shows and automated stations and stuff
like that yeah if I believed it I did see that huh I did see that are you crushed
well you're not a long time right hot shot celebrity like I've been
but if I were you I'd feel really well I don't because I don't believe it and nobody else does either
schmuck he's telling me how to feel how to be compelling what to do how to do the show
who's followed it is yadi yadi yadi and he's not going to sit back and watch the station tank even
though we've got to share it night how come nobody sends me the seven of midnight from the new
operating oh there's not much to see well what what we got i don't know i'd have to look but it's
about a zero point something well that's what we got so zero point what have you got it there somewhere
no i don't know no and of course clearance he's on his honeymoon now what did Joe say this morning
about how he was screwing his brains out or something like that something you know Joe takes this
morbid obsession with everybody else's sex life that's the thing that I find very very
disconcerting it's a little creepy it it is creepy that's right and how come it takes three people
to do that show and only two people to do this one have you stopped to figure that out yet it used
to take four through the morning show right who was the other one Jesse Agler oh Jesse Agler he got
screwed he got screwed over once they found out he was Jewish bye bye Roberts is a 42 year old male
and tried to listen every day work over the internet so i've been listening pretty regular
listens i graduated college enter the workforce back in 95 you are the best and make me crack up
can't believe those idiots over there are trying to ruin the show
complete the information okay thanks a lot
i got three different things going on here today one of them is the radio show
now if i'm going to be really compelling i have to pay a hundred percent attention like when
the phone rang before but i just can't do it i got important stuff to worry about
you are the best to make me crack up can't believe those idiots over there are trying to ruin the
show that they even know what they're doing how can they play marlins and hurricanes baseball games
that are your show now they don't play marlins no more we ain't got the marlins nope that that
that the distinct pleasure goes to the losers across this tree they got the marlins what a bunch of
schmucks no good business sense keep up the great show hopefully it'll last a while longer so i can
make my days of work more enjoyable thanks Robert
here's one from the fake holio robaena high neil and high flea the backstabbing trader see there's
one kony what backstab we're trailed all right
always i always thought it would have been clemenza no tesio it's the smart move tesio was this
always the smarter one see everything in life comes back to the lines from the godfather i just
i'm obsessed although i'm going to start doing lines from the neighbor because i'm watching that
over and over and over again such a good flick not only has nobody in the audience seen the neighbor
with rod stagger nobody saw a nick of time with johnny death or at least that they did they got no
opinion on it i mean it was pretty ridiculous but then again that kind of a movie is going to be
ridiculous right yeah anyway holiosis i'm 29 years old fill arc is 29 years old
morning train is 29 and a couple of others 29 also so if you average all of us out you got
three or four 29 year olds which should bring your demographic number down a bit
uh yeah the demo is the age went way up but it certainly isn't male 64 of the average listener
no how can it be when we've got the overwhelming number was male 35 to 54 we had 800 and some odd
24% of the audience over half the audiences men 35 54 which of course is part of that coveted 25 to 54
demographic right coveted but nevertheless oh we're going to have to learn to play the game with
a new system we got to play the game all go away just go away and don't call me at two o'clock
my phone is going to be real busy deck a lot of business to take care of
rouse's i'm 41 listeners since the mid eighties you could do a poll how old are you
didn't we just do that poll yeah we did oh
how can do it again though yeah we could do it again well he's got different categories he's got under
18 18 to 24 25 to 35 36 to 50 51 to 62 and over 63 whoa i don't want to do that again that's
that would not be compelling at all it is compelling the fact we had over 1,500 people tabulated
and they're although it's a couple of polls we've done recently we had over 1,600 people
vote on the poll if you leave it up there long enough yeah which maybe that's the whole audience
cat says i'm a 63 year old non-Hispanic white female live in the homestead area i listen to
every chance i get but because of the Spanish bleed over i cannot always get a clear signal how do
you like that fcc needs to do something about these overpowered illegal signals it says well the
fcc can't do anything about it the u.s government can do something about it like make the cubans
down there and and Cuba make Castro do something about these high-powered illegal stations
because they're international agreements about the airwaves you know and they just
violate them they put on eight zillion watts whatever the hell they want Raul and Fidel and always
on a on a frequency where i'm on used to be seven ninety all of a sudden they stuck 180 billion
and now on five sixty but from what you told me on Friday man we're going to really goose it up
we're too bad we're not going to be here when it happened i mean
hmm crazy system a 30 year old lady i listened to the full show every day i've done so for seven
years since discovering the stream after only hearing the show i was in high school uh or home for
vacation i have best of cd's got your autograph when i was at sixteen one of your appearances have
my extra house key on the mohauer david keychain wow
dot dot dot crazy is really um something
love you and you'll miss George like an old toothless hag misses her teeth if joe bail it says
notice how i read that perfectly that time good job well i'm not going to be slipping again
how's that now i see i don't well i don't want to get into it because i don't know what's working
or what's not you know what i mean because technically we're just we're like a drifted see the
studio well what's the big deal with that and you know you can communicate other ways you can
yeah i'm gonna put a note in a bottle to you maybe you'll have it by tomorrow morning
oh yeah oh god
i'm kacy kason well isn't this nice a birthday card from my urologist and it reads dear kacy
happy seventy seventh birthday please see me immediately i want to talk about your prostate
i realize seventy seven is the new fifty five and that you're as viral as michael felps after his
third bongrip but the girls and i at the office want you to be careful so you don't bust your
gland signed dr john feel me cough well dr feel me cough i'll be in your office tomorrow and at that
moment i'll put my glands in your hands and be careful with my parts boy lot of gland talk today you
know what's in yeah now what's the story uh because i'm missing a page of the logs so i was doing the
wrong hour i'm not sure what happened but i think we're good i just replied to your text so i
think that should get us back on track oh wait a minute it's that all the pages went through but
you never know sometimes they get stuck which which break is that in the which one the alternative
uh that'll be at the twelve ten break twelve ten right from the get go that's it okay i had that
page and i i guess i lost it you know maybe it wasn't compelling enough hang on to think it could be
but i i definitely did start in a wrong hour we had some problems when the log came through it not
that we're having any technical problems with the fax machines and stuff no
you know if we did have uh phones working out i don't even know what the call in numbers
anymore anyhow i believe it stays the same no no no i think they so in other words you don't know
oh i think you have an eight seven seven number something right uh huh see the five six seven
numbers forget about it yeah forget those five six seven oh five sixty forget that so i don't
even know what the call in numbers are they've done a hell of a great job communicating here you know
i'll find out i mean you sent me that directory which is nice except that i can't read all the numbers
and then you gave me the bat line which is good case we ever get chopped off the air again like that one
day chuck from bocus says i owned in the mid eighties a seventy seven chameuro rs that i bought
used with forty two thousand miles on it for twelve hundred bucks well back in the day man you could
buy in fact i bought a brand new chameuro sixty seven sixty seven for a thirty nine hundred bucks
can you believe that nope well it's true thirty nine hundred dollars and back in those days
in Detroit the price of gas was like thirty three cents a gallon and occasionally they had
gas wars where you can get gas for a dime a gallon yeah and back in those days the guy could actually
work on his car a little bit if he wanted to yeah now it's forget it fuel injectors and this and that
and it's like chinese touches i had to replace muffler car bought or transmission and tires however
i had no car brake payments for while was well worth it when it ran it was a fun car to drive
but it was only about gas was only about seventy five cents a gallon and seventy seven seventy seven
so far it's the only gm car of owned i drive japanese cars now which are more like a
appliances like a toaster but they just work wish gm would have paid more attention to those
smaller cars not only their sports cars and SUVs and trucks was this a compelling enough story
it was for me truck especially the part about seventy seven chameuro and they brought the chameuro
back to find the timing of that a little bit bizarre yeah it's not all expensive though i think it's
like twenty nine grand or something like that yeah i think i think the ones i've seen on tv are like
thirty thirty one thousand something like that yeah it's not that bad it looks actually pretty cool
yeah it looks a little bit like the new catalact though you know that sleek catalact kind of
looks like that a bit really i think so yeah it's not escalated no not the escalated you know the
i think it's like the s r five or something like that really catalact piece of turd
but it looks good policies the movie the neighbor stared rods rod stagger not rod surling
and i say rod surling i may have slipped and said that once i don't think so i guess i said rod
stagger fifty million times between friday and today i think you did slip and say the other one
because i like to think of as a pain the bald spot paint your bald spot yeah what what does that
it not the guy who's the ronco guy no ronco guy is ron popiel i don't know who i'm thinking of rod surling
a rod surling is a guy from the twilight zone oh brother man that was not compelling at all
no oh it's monday the knob guy he's doing my knob excuse me i just heard something there and i
wonder what the hell is that it's the knob guy the knobber also it says remember the movie
exodus with Paul newman and even more recent no
no DJ cop played newman's father in the movie and guess what his name was
borac obama is jewish now i wish i voted for him the hyames is paul his name was barak
no obama's the only barak i've ever known you know anybody named barak no
i know barouk i taught a no i know that barak got two out of no i
rodger says i'm twenty nine started listening you because i got bored of listening to my mefm
radio so i switched the aimer heard scott farrell then a ten i switched to you and said this is a
lot better and i've been here ever since it's a lot better it's a lot more compelling
of course scott farrell is still on the uh syriose xm whatever the he's on yeah he's still on there
i'm gonna kick his ass and then i'll steal his two pay i'll take your children
i'll sell them to some Haitians blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
he was the beginning of the uh spiral downward for this radio station he was the beginning of the
end and then they brought in jolly joe and joece and that was the final nails in the coffin
even jesus himself never saw nails like these you think no the thou's up to 104 point
steve from pointin beats is a m44 year old jumeri to an attaidi woman been listening since 89
this goes back to friday when we started this business about that crap from that seminar you watched
uh-huh where they claim that the average listener based on the new research the average listener
of the erudja shows a 64 year old male you should list so long that's about as compelling as
tiny sfarts and tiny has been dead for a few years now i don't think tiny sfarting anymore he
sure used to the little dogs but when little dogs fart it is wicked nasty always silent big dogs when
they fart it's it's can be nasty but never silent i could make a sound here but that would be
bad because i already used the fart word you know and joece with cheapy onto me you know
right and then i couldn't say oh that's just a raspberry or a boisenberry
caries says i'm 47 but listening since i was in my early 30s i work at home i make over 100 grand
a year well good send us a bag of money carie please um thanks for putting Roger Daltry on the
pool yesterday miss jorge but flea is doing great how do you like that wow
he's flea is doing great oh somebody at the door i'll be back okay
okay
okay they're just here replacing a part of my toilet no exciting now that now that's you
got to admit pretty compelling isn't it yes here okay thanks very much
be sure to flush on a way out now they just there was a part down that they just changed the
toilets in here and put in these brand new ones that i talked about nice oh yeah they are nice
they just uh it just got a very little bit of water it's for energy conservation and stuff like
that but there's just too much crap going on today you know most of which has nothing to do with
the show but you know what it is compelling man this is what makes you feel really old having
to jump up out of the chain of course you've got that green onions going yeah thank god you got
a little bit of music there to fill one thing you'll you'll discover especially today i might
have like a couple more calls today mm-hmm plus the knob guys coming by no the knob guy already came by
everybody jiggos polished my knob his mid-policy nice and jangoo yeah it's shiny it's good
adam says i'm a 26 year old male my co-worker is 24 year old male a friend of mine also
listens to you religiously he's a 22 year old male don't know where the hell they got that average
and neither do why they got it from bogus bogus data and if anybody thinks that i'm going to pay
attention to that or i'm going to like change the whole show based on a bunch of bogus crap i mean
it would have been one thing if it was like you know down a little bit or you know a week but like
invisible like everybody died and the only reason i'm continuing to discuss this is because your
buddy jolly joe is trying to like make trying to like legitimize it that's the thing that kills me
former president bush has let it be known he's available to speak on the corporate lecture
circuit for 150 grand i'll be willing to speak in english for 1.5 million Tracy Klugeon the
mister bush's agent head of the ex-presidential speakers bureau explained the disparity in fees
he charging ten times as much to speak in english because it requires ten ten times the effort
okay yeah most of bush came to the decision to charge the higher rate for speaking in english
after an appearance in Toronto last week would would bill Clinton and experience he found draining
president bush didn't realize he was expected to speak in english at the event since it was
in Canada his agent explained mr. klugeon said that despite the hefty fee he already fielded
several offers from corporations who would like the former president to speak in english i think
it's the novelty factor they said this is supposed to be funny but you know what it's not
do you think it's funny it's sad tragic and true 232 votes on the pool which adeases the most
compelling radio kneel branding and raving 202 87 percent i were windbag five marked the
jets fan five storm cat five stormies moving on up there through rosinos for NFL draft three
richie from bores head three dan marino too oh i forgot about daniel you stuck him on there
yeah bino cooks got appear jerk jerks reads got one and fantasy sports has got the big oh
fantasy sports people with a fantasy life
oh my god
who knew it already had my non-polish now i got my new toilet part what more could you like
oh
huh pretty good day so far what more could any old white man want
jason says thirty six and was never day
aren't you impressed very what we need to find out is what what was your best car that you
ever owned that would be good for the emails that is a good one you like that
mm-hmm what's the best car what was your favorite maybe maybe not the most fancy or like that
but your favorite car my favorite car was a turquoise corvette i don't know what year was early 80s
i guess um-hmm
turquoise you know the color i'm talking about i do i know turquoise that color was very
popular and on a bunch of different makes a car is for one or two years and then they stopped
making it it was kind of like luminescent you know what i mean um-hmm turquoise vet
god i love that car although i love this one right now by two thousand four blue vets i love it
the pieces what was your favorite car i would say i had a seventy nine comeira
that i liked a lot it was a cranberry kind of marine color and that thing was masked i said i
took the engine out i had a three oh five and then i dropped the three fifty and it had these
craigr deep dish rims it was a muscle car to the extreme wow loved it got like five miles to the
gallon i sure up nobody emails and says mustang those mustang people i get such a kick out of those
guys you know they pull up you're sitting there at the stoplight in your corvette and no matter what year
it is and they pull up next to you in their big shot then they're mustang you know
mm-hmm and they're revving the engine and they're looking at you know and and you leave them in
the dust and they sit there with their finger up their ass at a friend of mine it had a sixty six
fast back mustang those actually pretty nice the ones that had the two eighty nine engines in them
that was a nice ride yeah didn't handle with a crap though kind of like my teabird that i had
yes looking car but boy it handled like crap some reason the forged don't handle as well
yeah what is that all about i think it has to do with the rear end
with the rear end back back home you better watch yourself mister sorry for the spirit of crisis
going to compel somebody to blow your ass right out of there because there's a lot of that going on
lately a lot of cost cutting with the big bucks you're making on this show so they used to have four
people on the morning show yeah when we first came when george and i first came to qm the more the
worst team they had like seventy five people working on that show and we kept thinking how come
there's only two people working our show and they've got like a hundred and fifty people working
on the morning show why what does it take so many people i don't know oh johnny dolan says
have you heard the soundtrack music for the promos the piano arrangement would be used
on light fm it would not even be used i on every time i hear it not to mention that
it's used on three promos being aired back to back maybe jolly jokin invest in some compelling
music libraries no we can't afford that we're making big cutbacks okay actually i think that piano
music is from the hit song either from the fray or from cold place i'm like that it's a popular song
yeah and i didn't put them together who did i didn't joke cruise put them together but your
buddy plans sent me a very defensive email a little while ago now he's cool let me see if it's in my
but clans is the one that wrote them and and instructed how they should be put together oh
clarence is involved that by the way the new rose folder people drew your boring go away
i'm not reading any of your crap who am i looking for a joe cruise here it is
you know jorge was right about one thing and that is don't delete the stuff
in the old emails because i delete them every now and then just to get them out of there so
are there on eighty million deleted emails yeah you can create files into saving folders
buddy want to do that because then you can save in case you need to go back to him for a reference
percent well joe cruises i'm just the assembler not the creator grassy as
a z z grassy asi
i mean i know i'm an old fart but what tells us i mean grassy as a z z he's just trying to be funny
and say grassy as put the joe's down he's called grassy as oh there you go oh my god show
what time is your show on hope that's not too compelling no but he's a big fan of grassy as he is a good guy
when's he getting canned i don't know it's got the logos on here power 96 and 560 wqm sports radio it says sports
radio my ass sports radio 258 votes on the pool we gotta gotta read this one a lot because we want to be
compelling be compelling be be compelling come on i can't wait till we get that i'm sure chicken
echo work on it i'll read especially when it gets us checked this week it's in the mail chicken heck
and oh i did not overnight it overnight me my money i want some money
so how do you think i do i like that norma he's gonna send the letter he don't even send
letters anymore and you want to know why why because he's not being fully compensated number one
and number two because he knows they're gonna laugh at him mm-hmm
as soon as they get any kind of communication from norma can't the people and this corporation
even the janitor even the janitor gets a good name because you don't have jokesthared my personal
private emails with you over the weekend mm-hmm he shares normas communications with even the janitor
everybody i'm sure of it
260 votes on our new pool which of these is the most compelling radio 262 Neil Ranting and Raven
224 Dan marino 7 i were windbag 6 storm cat 6 hey stormy you got a following their man
you suck through rosin house 5 mark the jets fan 5 and if l draff 3 richy from boorshead's got 3
bino cook 2 jerk jerksv1 and fantasy sports has still got the big nothing zero
i would say of all the cars that well it's really hard during the one you get to be an old fart
like me mm-hmm i mean i might even go back to the first car of the 60 Camaro all right yeah
i'm not coming our corvair when did they stop making corvairs i'll find out
yeah you're gonna google it you cheat you're a real Googler
in the army that have the bugler and we got the googler
i'm president obama's gonna speak about gm 1155 everybody's gonna get a free car
everybody's gonna get a free ponny act they stopped making them in 1969 69 so i guess i got mine
in the nicketeen 1960 yep they made them for nine years and a very cool car by the way i like that
yeah it was it was a fine little automobile and well like i said i put 150 170 thousand miles on it
now did you have the convertible no i don't like convertibles especially in florida although i
wasn't in florida back then but i don't like convertibles because in florida the top rods from the
and the humidity and up north convertibles i mean uh pak was got that solstice convertible and uh
it didn't survive the wintertime once but i don't know how often because the wintertime you get all
the salt on the road and all the schmutz and the snow you know yeah and that car was replaced by the
Chevy Vega yeah i don't know Vega's not so cool sounds really cheesy to me i had a cutlass
on a grand prix i had a fine black grand prix boy that was a sharp looking car well you know all
the brothers got the cutlass now they jack them up with the big rims on them but the hydraulics in it
yeah huh cutlass is the big one that's the new pimple wheel yep when i worked at w i n z Stanley
j cool and with that time was the general mangillier who was a real jackass ass clown he had a big yellow
catlaxseville who used to call it the pimple wheel nice a big yellow seville why why do people
wanted uh... own catlax i know it's a status symbol but i mean what what what is what made catlaxseville
plastic because it's so expensive is that the deal i guess i'm just not impressed by catlaxe
including the escalade tom Brady's got an escalade he's got it i can't believe that we're talking
about tom Brady's ass sweater whatever was last week remember that email we got about that yeah
uh...
fake tom jiches says the bits are a take on the abc esbian nba and the final spots that's what they're a takeoff on
the bits
that your buddy clearance that extends yeah
that's clear and season original i wonder if he's found it yet on his honeymoon
spread them and say cheese all right all right
hey man i'm Matthew McConaughey and as you may know i hate the odorant but i finally found one
that fits my lifestyle new unsure odorant get solid protection but still keep that pickle onion
and gym socks male listen you don't have to wear it but it would be a lot cooler if you did
try new unsure odorant strong enough for a woman but really it's for a man once a smell is if
you just ran a five k and one hundred degree temperatures grassy ass oh my god i guess i'm
being a little bit old and slow huh maybe or maybe uh joe what's his name what's his name
cruise cruise maybe he isn't ready for prime time as far as having his own show
wasn't really compelling if you ask me but then what do i know about that
scotton panellas park says best car i ever had is what i drive now
91 geometrial lsi that i got from ed morson stay road seven it needs a new tranny but other
net i've never had a problem with it it's not so much my car it's me says scott
a 91 geometrial is not his car it's it's him
huh i don't know i don't know what that means
it's him grassy ass
leo says wqm has got to stop playing those commercials with the suicidal piano music
i i don't know what they're talking about i haven't heard them i guess i'm lucky yeah
it says i tell you what as long as these commercials are played on wqm you can count on the
whole station and it's programming being considered uncompeling radio with the exception of your show
by the way my most reliable vehicle was my 92 Chevy s10 that was sold with over
275 thousand miles i currently own a Chevy silver rata with 153 thousand miles still running straw
so one thing about the um Chevy cars from the olden days boy you could put a lot of miles on those
yeah 150 200 thousand it seems like today they built cars the last one maybe three years
and of course back in the day the real shady use car dealers they would they would turn the
odometer back why you going hmm never heard of that happened you never heard of that no not
down here in south florida oh no i'm not saying in south florida i'm just saying in general okay
there used to be some unscrupulous use car guys who would turn the miles back so maybe the car had
175 thousand miles on it right and they would turn it back to like 75 thousand or more likely
would have like 140 thousand and they turn it back to 40 whatever i think people do that with their
releases now really yeah that's what i've heard are they still able to turn the miles back
you got to know what you're doing but yeah even with the digital uh displays you can still do it
really yep if you know what you're doing it's not like a shady character to me i don't know what
you're talking about yeah Mary says when you go to the eruditor site the background comes up
at no site i just went to the homepage and they look fine to me it says you have to go to the Q
m site to hear you or she's not talking about visually the website she's talking about the audio
the background comes up but no site do you understand that no but i'm looking into it right now
you're looking into what which she's maybe looking at i don't know
she says you have to go to the Q m site to hear you says Mary i think you're full of it Mary i mean
fine fine is g i wine so i don't know what she's talking about i don't know either oh maybe
somebody else out there knows whaa come on that's my first one for the day whaa oh here's some
shocking news beasley sells perra and vegas moves coyote format to 102.7
beasley broadcast group is selling two stations and the format of calls to another ed Stoltz's
silver estate communication LLC for 15.25 million dollars in cash oh that's that's good as soon
as they get that money then they can buy me out. Beasley is selling classic country sports transitioning
to all sports kb et but these people are just sports fanatics you know and the signal and frequency
of country ksy104.3 the coyote lost Vegas to silver estate but is also selling the format and
calls of top 40 kfr h. Beasley will retain the ksy call letters and coyote format moved into
the present 102.7 fm facility of kfr h which will also retain the chairman and CEO of something
retain its format chairman and CEO George Beasley said this transaction reflects our long
current term commitment to the lost vegas market as well as our focus on further
de-leveraging our balance sheet upon completion of the transaction beasley broadcast group alone
three stations in Vegas including coyote country 102.7 ky ksy e fm classic hits 93.96.3 whatever
not compelling notwithstanding the current economic and market challenges we continue to
relieve Las Vegas remains one of the most vibrant and promising radio markets in the country
and that our cluster will be well positioned as the economy and industry rebounds they're
positioning their cluster you know where they're sticking it in your back down I got a cluster
from them mm-hmm cluster of grapes by the way I logged on to your website click the streamer
everything worked and looked fine yeah everything's fine Mirry it's you it's you honey I don't
want to point to finger with you but it's you Jackie says had a 72 beracuda black with gold
strap down the sides stripes she means I'm sure the gold strap it only had a 318 and a good
car for an 18 year old girl I met a lot of guys driving that car wish I had it today so Jackie how
do you like that 72 beracuda oh here's the president story daughter makers general motors and
Chrysler these companies were facing a crisis decades in the making and having relied on loans from
the previous administration were asking for more from the beginning I made clear that I would not
put any more tax dollars on the line if it meant perpetuating the bad business decisions that
had led these companies to seek help in the first place I refuse to let these companies become
permanent wards of the state kept a float on an endless supply of taxpayer money in other words I
refuse to kick the can down the road but I also recognize the importance of a viable auto industry
to the well-being of families and communities across our industrial Midwest and across the United
States in the midst of a deep recession and financial crisis the collapse of these companies would
have been devastating for countless Americans and done enormous damage to our economy beyond the auto
industry there was also clear that if GM and Chrysler remade and retooled themselves for the 21st
century it would be good for American workers good for American manufacturing and good for America's
economy I decided then that if GM and Chrysler's companies stakeholders were willing to sacrifice their
price okay in that case really it's okay no but that wasn't the question is it okay we can't
afford to be just okay anymore okay according to your fat ass buddy we got to be compelling every
second or they might tune out every second of every minute like um what's his name storm cat that's
compelling that is really compelling it gets me glued to the radio how about when they brought in
the new parts from my toilet that was pretty compelling right in the middle of the show that was
and they were getting the big charge out of them these maintenance guys there's one in particular
by the way boy I sure wish I had more time with him but anyway wow some of these Asian people are
really and and the ones who are the best looking are the mixed mixed white and fill in the blank you know
mixed white and black mixed white and Chinese Chinese whatever wow
Byron Peg and mustard the wonder dog who are chronic and they're not only are only
emailers from word united ho they're our only chronic emailers from that part of the world my
favorite car was a 71 white Chevy Caprice I had a Caprice a 67 I think I don't know what
you're was boy I put a zillion miles on that car I had eight million um repairs to it
drove it car across country had a quad sound system never let us down a good cruise machine it says
71 Chevy white Caprice I don't like white cars myself they get filthy I mean if somebody
farts outside they get dark and nasty you agree yeah you just have a white Jeep and it was always dirty
yeah that 67 Camaro I had white with a blue top convertible really nifty car but boy it got
filthy all the time especially in Detroit oh boy a lot of schmutz in Detroit ed says my 96
f-150 is still running great with uh wait till you hear this 250,000 miles on it quarter of a
million miles do you know how many miles that is that's a lot that's a lot of miles and Kenny
Grammar sends me a picture I'm so sorry that he did of his favorite car a 79 silver Chevy Nova
I had a 70 I think five 75 red or maroon Chevy Nova go I hated that car do you
oh god was that a horrible car and then the rear end was always getting screwed up
nothing worse than when your rear end back though it was getting screwed up
79 and here's a picture of that the Chevy Nova brings back a lot of bad memories
that was a nasty s car but at any rate
he's still uh rammed it on about GM we better than what appeared likely when this process began
don't you think now is a great time in fact they were given instructions before on how you do it
you find out which Chevy dealers are closing down or which GM dealers are closing down going out of
business and then you will call them and you make them an offer they can't refuse sure why not
I mean they got a you know they got a dump whatever they got inventory they're going to get rid of it
oh my god the fake Tom jica here's a youtube clip where will the amazing happen I don't do uh
links okay Tommy I'm not interested
marlois says when you go to nearrogers.com the green background pops up plus an ad
but you can't see anything except the background well you know what I find that just uh let me let
me click my homepage thing here and there's everything on there there's the background and there's
the neal is back and uh me in the mailbox and there's the pole and there's the tom cruise kissy kissy
a his boyfriend on the lips is nanny I don't have any trouble seeing it to you nope not at all some of
you people are having some real technical problems well it'd be the 12 to 1 hour on wq a.m
may not be too compelling because it's a Christmas song but nevertheless some some people may not
make it till Christmas true not true that is true so let's along our best wishes for a happy
Chinooka and Mary Christmas right now in the first of June it's a long way to go till all those
holidays happy chavuist by the way this past weekend terraces bought a 1980 olds cullis supreme new
drove it for 10 years listening to you and sold it with 240,000 miles on it everything still worked
240,000 a 1980 olds cullis supreme yeah cullis was a good car I had a 73 cullis
yeah yeah what they are good or we're good
now let me see they don't make olds mobile anymore right I don't believe they're punny act
no olds mobile and no punny act I bet you can get a great deal on a punny act right now I would
think so I would mind buying me one of them little um solstices I thought you had one
well I don't got it Paco's got it's not my car once in a while I drive it if I'm on good behavior I
get to drive it like on the weekend and you enjoy the way it drives yeah it's a fine little
automobiles nothing wrong with it it's not powerful or anything like that I mean after driving my
bed it's like peddling it looks cool yeah and it's a convertible which like I said I hate like
poison but nevertheless mark Levin that's how he pronounces it is a farbic and bigoted self-hating
Jew who broadcast right wing swill on six ten in the evenings it says says Anthony he's truly hateful
and I hate him mark Levin self-hating right wing Jew but at the six ten man Nazi radio they
ought to have a swastika on their billboards although Jimmy syphilis might not be take that too kindly
don't hear from her anymore good yeah that's a good thing that is a very good thing I don't know if
you care but I can play you the where amazing happens the real one and I can play the promo that
clearance put together oh sure go right ahead it'll kill some it'll be very compelling this will
be compelling okay this is the one at the NBA is using yeah I like it so far oh okay so that's
that it doesn't really say anything it's just a imagery that you would see on the TV screen but
that's not what's talking about that's coma inducing yeah now here's our version of it
yeah it's not hooked up to play dead air not compelling yeah it's not hooked up to play how come I
can't play that and I can play the computer what's up hooked up to play the audio ball up the
dragon and hang on oh my god I can hear the dials clicking no this is compelling this is compelling
it is yeah well I'm thinking about the first one that was just yeah because it's just music really
and they show like cool imagery of like you know Michael Jordan dunking it's over real big on the
radio yeah that's so good now here's ours you're listening to south florida's sports leader
we're Jim mandish avis the doctor don't prove in free okay you need a session on doctor phil we're
doing sports talk here we're in a locker room pali pali it is wringling brothers it's
marks brothers meet three studious around here the mad dog can we wait to have the news 47
strap it up coach I'm going in 560 QAM now when you think if you're writing that promo wouldn't
you end it with where amazing happens first of all since the commercials called where amazing
happens yeah I would tie baby we can't that's true maybe maybe we aren't allowed to do that that would
be too plagiaristic and we'd want to get in the suit or something I don't know well regardless
this is where amazing happens is it sure yeah it's been pretty amazing last couple of weeks since they
made this premature movement of the new building how's that phone system coming awesome how's the
studio coming please yeah don't start playing that but if there's anything I just can't stand
is that sound I haven't seen any change on it because I think now they're working on the power
studio I see I could be wrong no near you've been dropping out on the internet today just when
we needed this more technical hygiene I'm getting all kinds of technical crap now I think it's either
my computer my connection or the internet line sometimes I have when I have too many pages open
it'll cause you a shoulder dropout for a period of time usually a few seconds to a minute or two
I don't know I'm getting messages from people saying the internet stream is just fine today
compels me to believe that it's just fine you know oh we're fine who knows
Tony from Pompo no park or from Pomona park excuse me
so is the streamiest horrendous on the QAM website I haven't been able to hear the station through
that site for months your site always works anyway keep up the good work sorry about George
and have a great day PS had a 72 hunger orange al cameo back in the day with a 402 engine
used to race it on a1a and 4 lotter day on the late 70s early 80s when 4 lotter day'll be
to his fun yeah I remember those days that's not the case anymore they really messed up the strip
says Tony from Pomona park Florida where's Pomona park no idea he says it's in the sticks
it's in the sticks Derek gives us a heads up Jack Martin that dumb frog is leaving the panthers to
coach the frogs they obitons it says don't let the door hitch in the fat ass on the way out you
debag Jack Martin a real loser man he was a loser in Ottawa he was a loser with the panthers
never made it to play off once and now he's going to Montreal to coach the frogs good good bye Jack
well I'd tell you that Alan Cohen assure a builder winning organization there were the panthers
hasn't he not not wow Pomona park is by Lake Broward what the list Lake Broward
Lake Broward yeah it's on 17 he's right it's in the sticks
wow oh there's Sam Rosen God is he ugly hey because he wanted to jump Zetaberg and maybe
pound that's on broadcast your ranges voice say this requires a suspension and the coach has
got to get hit the players got to get hit but this was top line he's really incredibly ugly it
looks a lot like me Zetaberg has been battling crossby he's taking some shots crossby is here
you can't get more compelling than standing up final talk right we love the red wings they win a
lot oh yeah any listen burger and there's red Kelly with that silly ass helmet well he was a great
player red Kelly this is the red wings at the Leafs April 11th 1963 hmm when Bill Huat
who still dead and it looks like Pomona park is about 20 25 miles west of Palm Coast or
Flagler Beach oh my god it's in the sticks all right that was up to 115 points it's a thrilling
Monday man we had the doorknob man come here and polish my knob we had the toilet people come
the maintenance people and put that new part on my toilet I'm thinking maybe I need new toilets
down there in my house what do you think I'll check it out you'll check out what how are they I don't
know toilets come on our bucks because the toilet in my bathroom down there it's it's um I don't know
not real powerful you can get done like they have any old Versace man too and I think that one's
like $10,000 no I don't need that you sure no positive unless you want to buy it you want to
ruin it especially being the the super spy for your buddy Joe yeah sharing emails boy you know I
still can't get over that that is so unacceptable I mean mode trying to get George Can for doing that
for sending me those emails which I read them all on a year they all ripped Mo and asked
you talk about a thin skinned douche that was Mo thin skinned how dare you talk about me that way
blah blah you hear the things he's saying about me oh my god and they're all true including
the checkered pants and the bad hair piece you ever you never met him right now the worst
hair pieces in the history of mankind and he had a whole series of them he had the Sunday go to
meet in uh you know the real fancy one and I don't think I saw them all yeah there are two things
that I don't understand and they both have to do with vanity men who decide to grow mustache
or other facial hair beard or the whole thing and men who wear uh wigs I mean wigs once upon a
time way back during the founding of our country wigs were very big George Washington wore wig those
white powder wigs you know oh my god yeah they imagine how those things smell very manly is it
is it manly to wear a powder wig I don't think so uh and of course the the brits the and back during
colonial days they used to wear those really funny British outfits you know with the with the
tails yeah with no AC no my god stop and think about that what what must it have smelled like an ancient
Rome there's some days some hot summer days it don't smell so good in modern Rome believe me oh man
not that I'm not in Rome you understand that would not be compelling I love Rome
never been to Rome no where have you been foreign countries I've been to France Spain
Holland Holland you've been to Amsterdam I have I've been to Canada Mexico
and then a bunch of the islands the islands um like in the Caribbean yeah those islands
so sorry yeah you were on a real roller you doing well till you got to that
1213 at 560 wqm on mac and on this is jobal on the voice of the Toronto May beliefs and you're
listening to the hockey authority Neil God hello recently Stan Francisco mea Gavin Nosen announced
that she was running for governor of colifornia on twitter how can you trust someone who uses the
twitter for important announcements twitter is for casual chatter like telling the friends
messages about the dropping of the dose in the bathroom or things of this nature watch me I'm
tweeting now I am scratching my balls in the press conference and all of this and the girl in
the front row has huge boobies smiley face and the motorcans of this nature see that's
what's with us for and so on and so forth and these kinds of things thank you
you're welcome from 18 at 560 wqam
oh this is the same jackass warner climper this is the guy that was telling me that I should have
paid Georgia's salary and done this and done that I should have walked out all his other I shouldn't
you know fall on a sword this is your chance to save Georgia says you have a golden opportunity to
get Georgia's job back wqam seems to be very interested in getting you to work during the summer
you should offer to give up your vacation and exchange for Georgia being rehard as your producer
you think I'm going to give up my summer schedule for anything no it's a small price to pay even
if you if you really care about Georgia's welfare you can see that new job offers have been scarce
even if wqam takes him back with a pay cut he can make up the difference with personal appearances
at race tracks and strip clubs you won't willing to give any money to help Georgia will you give
up some vacation to help a loyal friend who's stood by your side for 20 years no I will not
I'm not giving up my summer schedule friend that's the only that's the last thing that's left
in my contract from the previous one that's the last perk that's left in there is the summer
schedule and now they're trying to back off from that warner you take your age Georgia go well
well get your his address in Hollywood go to his house every week and give him a nice big check
this guy's so concerned that I'm I'm going to like you know fall on the sword to say
Georgia isn't coming back you think Georgia's coming back no
Rick and dear field says I've been listening to you since the early 90s you have a new phrase
which I wish you could explain to me Neil what is an ass clown ass clown is substitute for the
word that we can say which ends in whole see we everything now has to be couched in much
a different kind of terms because otherwise Joyce will come down on us like a sword on your ass
like rain on your roof the douse up to it in 12 points here's the GM guy
hourly and salary employment I want to express my sincere and heartfelt appreciation and thanks
to all who have sacrificed so much in this regard who will have sacrificed in the past
and will sacrifice in the future including our dealers supply areas suppliers supply areas yeah good
reading this guy's probably making about three million a year you can't even read the words we'll
continue to invest and in fact share the sacrifice in the future and in the days ahead
this includes very serious sacrifices is this a compelling captivating no oh okay screw him then
324 votes on the pool which of these is the most compelling radio
Neil ranting and raving 268 out of 324 storm cat 12 oh they like stormy
yeah beating Ira and Dan oh yeah Dan marino 8 hour windbag 8 NFL draft 6 drew Rosencrant
16 6 bino cook 6 mark the jets fan 5 Richie from Boris head 5 jerk jerk 3 1 and fantasy sports
still has got the big oh nothing fantasy sports like Norma can't overgrown children like that
when when we're going to start with our baseball card segment oh I don't know whenever you're ready
seems to me that would be pretty compelling baseball card talk um Steve says my favorite
car is spelled with a U favorite Favio you are you know that British Canadian thing
was back in England in 79 a diesel powered Ford escort I bought it new so it was a bit spiffy for
19 year old the odd thing was though it did 48 miles a gallon and given that diesel is usually around
10% cheaper than gas in Europe it was very cheap to run I put around 90,000 miles on it guess
these car companies have misplaced the instructions on abilities love Steve Steve who's a silly S
Brit thanks Steve yeah the car company's misplaced it in fact you know talk about the new
Camaro being spiffy and so on but don't you find the timing to be a little bit unusual if they
brought back Camaro at a time when people are not looking to buy that kind of car yeah at a time when
gas is like $85 to fill up the tank Bob says for my 16th birthday my dad gave me a new 68
olds mobile 442 convertible it ate a quarter of oil every 100 miles but was fastest best looking
chick magnet mobile mobile I ever owned yeah remember the days when you used to check your own oil
and change your own oil no I never did that I used to all the time you did yeah but that
thing about adding a quarter oil all the time I remember those days we'd have to put oil in the
crankcase my caprice was like an oil guzzler and I remember those days when you pull out the dipstick
can we say that better called joyous can we say dipstick uh oh especially if you say pull
out the dipstick that's really bad there's some really not so compelling implications from that
now when's the last time you checked the oil in your car uh five six years maybe yeah I can't
remember the last time I did that and I was that because they don't they don't make gas or oil
guzzlers anymore or is it because um I don't know what the reason is I think you have a map
you have to have a map just to find a dipstick anymore no I can find the dipstick really oh yeah
I've seen a few Gary says I've owned many cars in my life including several Corvettes
the best was a 66 stingray all right probably the best looking car ever produced in Detroit I had
a friend in Detroit right at 66 blue stingray the only problem with that was the ride oh it
felt like your ass was dragging right on the highway yeah real stiff right yeah stiff it says that
car would pass anything except a gas station if they offered the car today I'd place in order right
now enjoying your show every day regards to George Gary at homestead and he doesn't say oh you
should uh work the whole summer just so George can get hired again which isn't gonna happen anyway
P.S. it says Joe Bell should be really careful when he starts his car oh I like that that's
the best line of the day that's compelling to me I like it you know and of course you can't
say you like it even though you chord a little bit you can say you like it because that would not be
the usual sucking up that you're expected to do right and I have to suck up to a lot of people man
I got to suck up to you I got to suck up to Joe you have to suck up to me I'm not into suck up so
okay good that give me a break then for a while George never sucked up in fact George was
contrary just for the just for the sake of it a lot of times which is fine with me I don't care
let's see here's one that says all this technical stuff all these people with all their props oh
geez we can't hear the show there's only one link to listen your program it's the listen live link
10 a.m. to 2 p.m. the link brings in your show before or after the same link brings in sports the
other link is your archives well what does that mean can you translate that for me I have no
idea what you're talking about there's only one link to listen to your program it's the listen
live link right is he talking about on the new Rogers website or on a QM website what's he talking
about I don't know we don't know and we don't care it's not compelling no if you want to hear it
you can hear it dear Neil from JP and we hawk in New Jersey my favorite car I owned was a 78 AMC
Pacer I drove this car when I lived in Orlando you're absolutely correct about car door freezing
shut during winter months in Orlando that's right scary the AMC Pacer had one of the longest doors
ever built on a car lots of glass like a fish pool love you always JP and we hawk in New Jersey
I do like that yeah we got people listening in Saudi Arabia in Belgium and we got people listening
and we hawk in New Jersey
oh yeah
yeah in the wind
D-A-Y S-U-C-K-S
I wasn't anybody heard a father murdered father murdered with burgling turds a well a father
murdered with burgling turds a well a father murdered was burgling turds a father murdered I
heard was burgling turds father murdered I heard was burgling turds father murdered with burgling
turds father murdered with burgling turds well no you know with my father murdered well he
The rain boy then burgling turd
While a father murdered was burgling turd
That's what I heard!
Lift my dress for the Lord!
The King of the Jews!
Father Meryl Perred, Meryl Perred, Meryl Perred, Meryl
Father Meryl, Meryl
With burgling turd
Father Meryl, Meryl
With burgling turd, Meryl
Meryl, Meryl
With burgling turd
Murd, Meryl, Meryl, Meryl
Mother Meryl, Meryl
Murd, Meryl
With burgling turd
Father Meryl, Meryl, Meryl
Mother Meryl
Mother Meryl
Well he was on the rain boy
Then burgling turd
Well a father murdered
Take a milk cake
The well a father murdered
Was burgling turd
Father Meryl
Okeey, Dicky
Burger Latest
first-firs Testament
Firstpentch
GETS ROT
Mother M Madrid
Duperal
WQM. Happy Monday to you. We are compelling today, man. The spirit of Christ compels us to do it.
Kenny Gramer says the music of our amazing happens was initially used by Gatorade
in a commercial featuring Stephen Jackson from the St. Louis Rams two years ago.
And then a similar spot featuring Tony Palomolo and Lydany and Talmonson.
The music is called the ecstasy of gold by Ennio Maticoni, Maticone, and it was composed for
the climatic sequence from the movie The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly. Were you aware of this?
I was not. Well, now you're learning more. ABC copied the idea for the promo. It was then WQM
and other sports radio stations across America are copying it too. A lot of complaints about that
piano music. Yeah. Not compelling. I'll tell you that right now. And I don't care what anybody says.
It's coma inducing, not compelling. Got an email from our friend Chuck at High Life Cafe
who's a good guy. Yeah. Love that place. And a friend of George. What? I love that place. Yeah. It's a great place.
Chuck says just a quick reminder about the High Life Cafe wine dinner on June 3rd. That's Wednesday.
We have just a few spaces still available for this amazing dinner. There've been a couple of wine
changes for the better, I think. If you'd like to check out the menu with wine pairings, go to
High Life Cafe.com and click on the specials tab. It's H-I-L-I-F-E High Life Cafe.com. And don't
forget about Chef Carlos's next cooking class, June 17. It says the small plates have proven hugely
popular. Everyone seems to really dig designing their own menu. We hope you'll stop by and check
it out for yourself. So the big wine dinner at High Life Cafe is this Wednesday, June 3rd. Thanks,
Chuck. I'll put that in my pile. Remind me to mention it again tomorrow. Okay. That may be on Wednesday
because these are good guys and good sponsor and good people. The guy from GM is still,
blah, blah, blah. You said he's not compelling. If one looks, steps back and look at the,
look at the broad picture here of what's being accomplished. Yeah, look at the picture of the broad.
Too bad we can't do that anymore. The Beated Curtain. Look at a humongous, humongous
viewership on our website. That sounds compelling. But we can't do it anymore.
Well, the reason we can't do it is because we can't verify the age of the chicks on
their one of the pictures we're taking. Right. So somebody out there in Radio Land advised
us of the new laws on that. This is like a few years ago. Wasn't anybody inside the building
who was aware of it? Because frankly, not that I want to sound like I'm complaining. But nobody
inside the building really gives a flying crap about our website. You know what I'm saying?
Yes. Would you agree with that? Yes, I would. The fake John Maynard Keens says, for the record,
I'm a 34 year old male who's been listening to your show for about 16 years. Also, the original
owner of 1996 Toyota Tacoma, which is about to tick up to 225,000 miles. You know the thing that
they say here that I never hear Americans say? What's that? Clicks. They'd say, oh, it's going to
hit 225,000 clicks. Do Americans say that? That's a military term, isn't it? Click. I don't
know. I believe it is. It says, yes, he's starting to get out of here, but he still starts up every
morning. GM has known about their problems for decades and sat on their hands thinking they
would never topple. Sad to say, nobody in this world can escape heart economic realities. Hopefully,
GM can come out of this having learned their lesson and hopefully will emerge as a better
company. And then it says insert Gilbert laugh here. Seriously, though, even though GM is with
severely, they have the opportunity to emerge from bankruptcy so they can still do business.
Tragically, other failed businesses cannot say the same thing. We need more American industry,
not less of a good luck to us. Says the fake John Maynard Keens. Fairly compelling. On a scale of
one to two. Traces, when I worked at Expo part of Home Depot, they also went through the same
removal of anyone making too much money. We found out later they received bonuses for whoever
they got rid of. Smells the same for your station, don't you think it says? I've been listening to you
since 1988 when I moved down here from Chicago. Favorite car was a 67 Camaro SS. I bought it used for
a thousand bucks first and last hot rot I owned. And demographics, I'll be 56 out of
November 15. And that's a great car. 67 Camaro SS. Yeah. My 67 Camaro convertible was not an SS.
I don't think what was an SS. That was a super small. Yeah, super sport. Maybe that was my car.
White with a blue convertible top. And back in those days, the convertible top was like, you know,
an automatic top. We just pressed a button and it would go up and go down.
As opposed to like now, like for example, my 64 Corvette, it's got the glass top, which I love the glass top.
There's nothing like driving down a highway and it's raining and you got the glass top and you
look up and you see the rain hitting the roof. Yeah, that's cool. It is. But taking that glass top off
and putting it back on, oh, God, is that a pain in the ass. And even the top like on the solstice,
it's it's an ordeal. You got a monkey around with, you know, with stuff. As opposed to just pressing
a button and the top goes up or the top goes down. Isn't that the way convertible should be?
Should be, yeah. Why should you have to pock your around with it? Alex says listening online into
Rallot sounds great as usual. Well, thanks, Alex. Here's somebody without a complaint. Listen
online. It works. Sounds fine. It's compelling. No complaints. Thanks, Alex. Jesus, God.
That's that's your buddy, Joe. We got a new system. We got to learn to play the game. Yeah,
you go play the game. Go play in traffic. Now, aren't you going to be a, are you going to be
like conference? Then if he does call me after the show today, are you going to be listening? Maybe.
Oh, you're laughing. I'm, I'm serial. No, I doubt it. You seem to be the fly on the wall for
everything going on with him. Oh, Scott says when I said my car was me, I meant to say it's a
reflection of me as the picture shows. And he's got like 80,000 bumper stickers on his car.
Oh, he's got a picture of it here. He's that guy, huh? Oh, he's got a fish on the back. Oh, no.
With a Jewish name. Well, he's in Pinellas Park. I guess he's trying to throw him off his scent.
Yeah, that explains a lot. He's got a fish on a black fish. Now, what are these things say?
American terrorists. Somebody for Congress. I don't know. He's just a bumper sticker kind of guy.
Yeah. He doesn't have a Neil Rogers QA and bumper sticker on. You want to know why? Why is that?
Because there aren't any. IOD, we had bumper stickers. We had the billboards. We had posters. We had,
you know, people go out to a remote. They come to one of our remotes and they'd walk away with a
bunch of stuff, you know? What do we got now, Mr. Promotions, man? What do I have left? I have
some beer coolies. Come on. That's about it. It's in T-shirts. Seven years ago, I think it was like
the first or second year we were on QAM. And that came out with these really neat QAM T-shirts and
caps and Greg Reed puts out a memo. Any employees wishing to purchase QAM, they were making the
employees buy the QM T-shirts. I mean, I've heard it, Chinsy, but get cereal. God, talk about
the QM T-shirts. Will you fudge back them?
I wanted to go into space, the media got on my case. So I traded in my life, get for a human
boom. You know that I can't fake no more funds if that's why. I'm fudge back through the
closet door, baby, I dig guys. Oh, he is strange, man. He's, he's, he's, that'd be good pull. I was
just thinking about it during the break. Which one of these people looks mostly like they just
go off the spaceship? Okay. He's one of them. Michael Phelps is another one. Bizarre, you know what I mean?
Yeah. Adam Oshbox says, did you happen to catch who killed the electric car last night on CBC? No,
I wish I would. I don't know what was going to be on. After watching the movie, I have no pity for
anyone in the auto business. After all, this is the business they have chosen. In other news, GM
stocks have gone from around 70 cents to about a dollar today. Keep it up in the show to hoping
it warms up soon. Man, it's cold. Yes, it is. Not too toasty here. It's murky and cold.
On the first of June, not good, not acceptable. That's in case casted over. So say, oh, and let me tell
you this. Let me just say this to you when you mull it over in your mind for about one or two seconds.
Okay. If being compelling and holding the audience is what the key to success is with this new rating
methodology, then how could Ron and Paul be doing so great? I don't know. Stop and ask yourself that
question. They seem to be the big, huge story in this new methodology. Compelling radio. When's
the last time they did compelling radio? I haven't listened to him in a while. Oh my God, you're the one.
Kenny Ramers says you were talking about Neil stuff, T-shirts, bumper stickers, etc. Which
WYOD had an ample supply of and which WQM has never produced. Flee thought WQM stuff was an
answer to your question. It never even crossed his mind. The station could make Neil stuff. Now,
they're not going to do that.
Oh my God. Click. Click Canadian sling for kilometer, either speed or distance.
For example, Hamilton's about 50 clicks from Toronto. Speed, I was doing about 120 clicks.
See, it's a Canadian thing, eh? Yeah. How many clicks is it from where you are?
259 votes on the pool. And the good news is fantasy sports just tied jerk, jerk street with one
voter piece. And that I was up to 18 points. I think we've got like five e-mailers now. I'm not
talking about the cranks anymore because they seem to have vanished thanks to this today.
But Scott Levison and Adam Oshmuk, and there's about five or ten e-mailers and the rest of the people
they just lay out. Don't you find that a little bit disconcerting? A little bit.
Scott from Pinellas Park, who evidently this show is his life. He said, the fish on my car is a faded Darwin nonfish.
My wife is a very lapsed Catholic. In fact, she bought the Darwin thing for my car. She's the closest
thing to anything Christian in my house. I had a WIOD unbelievable sticker on it. War off. The other
sticker says, American Errorist, it's anti-Bush. Oh, Errorist. P.S. Did you ever get the ABC contemporary
sounder? No, but you got it in there somewhere. Do you have it in the DCS or in the audio
of older and some not yet? No, not yet. No. Well, where is it? Where's it hanging out? It's in an
e-mail right now. And you can't play it? Not the way we're set up right now, no. But I did find out
the other military term for a click though, which is what I thought it was. A click. A click is a
kilometer in the military as well. Really? Yep. But it's spelled K-L-I-C-K. Change that oil every
5,000 clicks. Yeah, they do that on spots for oil change joints here. Every 5,000 clicks.
Jesus says, afternoon, you were talking about ancient Roman, the smell. Forget it. The
classical Romans bathed multiple times a day and wore mostly cotton clothing, which was washed
on a regular basis. The public baths had running water and the wealthy had private baths.
Wouldn't you be a little bit of verse to go out and taking a public bath? Yeah.
For truly smelly, think of middle-aged Europe, where people went years without bathing if they
ever bathed at all and wore mostly clothes made from wool rarely if ever washed. Oh, how pleasant
smells like woodbind and dumped human and animal waste were they bother? Oh,
when they bothered into open sewers or simply on the street, they dumped human and animal waste
when they bothered to dump it at all in open sewers or simply on the street. Smells delish.
Best car my old man had a Ford Galaxy 51966. He finally got rid of it with over 300,000 miles.
Ford Galaxy 500 does sound too appetizing to me. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know from
Ford's other than my tea bird, which like I said, nice looking car, but it's just, I don't know,
handled badly. Bury Macognis is what's this with the Red Bull Cola ads that are being played on
the stream? Is this a rib or is it actually endorsed by Red Bull?
It says question for flee. It's a parody commercial. They talk about adding just a bit of cocaine
to the Cola of the tuna cocaine by JJ Kale later covered by Eric Clapton. Just thought this
was kind of strange. It's a joke, Bury. It says, love you, Neil, flee. You're not so bad yourself.
All right. You're winning him over. I'll try to do that. I hope that what's his name, that
Schmendrick Warner Clemper. I hope he's knocking on George's door right now with a big bag of money.
Some of these people they just never give up. They just don't want to give up.
Come on, Neil. Dip into your bank account. Give all your mind to George. Don't you think that's a little bit over the top?
That's a little crazy. People try to tell me what I should do and how I should spend my money in yada
and all this other crap. George will be fine. Don't seem to me every time we hear from him. He seems to be doing okay.
He'll come to Hila and on his feet.
George from Monterey, all age 53. What were the results of your demographic pull from last week?
You have to hear the beginning of the show to hear the polls from last week, George. I'm not going to read him again.
Sorry, George. Not a frog, George.
Baron Fitz is a t-shirt printer. We'll do some Neil shirts for you. Pro Bono, if you want.
Only if QAM has nothing to do with it though. Okay. That sounds good. Sure.
That would be something you could send out on appearances, stuff like that. Yeah. That'd be great.
Well, maybe, um, let me go back to that one.
Who was that guy? Baron Fitz?
I don't know who it was. I'll find it and then I'll send it to you. Okay.
And then he can get in touch with you and we can do something on our own for the show.
Steve says, why can't the penguins get past the Red Wings? Because the Red Wings are a better team.
I read that. Martin is now with Canadians from one losing franchise to another of the show.
Too much hockey talk, Steve. Instant tune out, not compelling in a South Florida audience, not compelling.
Don't you agree? Yeah. I mean, we've got this fantasy, this phantom franchise. I don't understand how they
stand. Been this. I mean, bo-masters gone. He's as good as gone, right? Yeah, I think so.
They're not going to be able to reassign him. They're going to get nothing in their
stage for him. Nope. Jack Martin came to town and I could have told you ahead of time he was going to
be a failure. He was a failure in Ottawa with all the talent that they had. How is he going to go
anywhere in South Florida? That's he should be gone. What? He should be gone. Yes, he should. He
should never have been brought in the first place. Born loser. Probably worked cheap.
And now he's going to Montreal where he'll feel at home with the other
frogs.
Boy, you and your Canadians. Are you a Canadian fan by any chance? I asked that with great
trepidation. No. Good. Because you were talking about them the other day and how they have made
the playoffs. And since Jesus was a baby. 93. Since Omri Reshard was the pocket rocket. What?
Since 93. Yeah. Because if you were a Canadian fan, you know, the least in the Canadians have
that long history. Original six hate each other like poison. Poison. Not that I hate the Canadians,
but I do. Bob says on the 69 Ford Mustang for 15 years and it's in its 60 year I was driving
to the local beach in Rhode Island enjoying a private moment with my girlfriend when pushing back
on the seat the seat gave way before I knew it I was driving the car in a back passenger compartment.
We laughed pull over, prop the back seat back up and next week had the seat welded back. After I
sold the car nine years later, I received a recall notice from Ford, notifying owners of driver seat
instability. I had a wonder in 15 years all the other guys who went it up and back seats as they
tried to enjoy a happy ending with their girlfriends. And he liked that push it back baby push it
somebody was pushing too hard by the seeds. You're pushing too hard. Hey, let's dedicate that song
to Johnny Joe Bell. You're pushing too hard. The now's up to 18 points. Plain is still missing by the way
a friend's flight 447 from Rio de Paris. Still missing. And you know what the what's his name?
Richard Quesh said what's that? It's out of the sky. It's out of the sky. I like him out of the
sky. He's another one came off the spaceship. Him and Lance Bass and a bunch of other really strange
people. Michael Phelps, Tony Harrison, CNN, all of these people.
Oh, he's got the real. When I'm up in bulk, you take a slap and all the women with
painted lips are in the pool. I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two. I mean, I listen to the
Neil Rogers here in balance one to two hours. That's what I do put the bowl in the basket. That
what I do put the bowl in the basket. That what I do put the bowl in the basket. That what I
B do these three points the ball in the basket. That's what it do in the ball in the basket. That's
what you do we put the ball in the basket. That's what you do that what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That what I do put the bowl in the basket. That what I do put the bowl in the basket. That
what I'll be do that's what he does. He puts the ball in the basket. That's what he does. He puts the
ball in the basket that's what he does. He puts the ball in the basket. That's just what he does.
That what I do put the bowl in the basket that what I do put the bowl in the basket
That what I do put the bowl in the basket that what I'll be do
Yeah, that what he do he put the ball in the basket the situation is put the ball in the basket
He puts the ball in the basket for the organization
That's my take on what he do that what I do put the bowl in the basket that what I do put the bowl in the basket
That what I do put the bowl in the basket that what I'd be do
that what he do here put the ball in the basket
the ball in the basket
level down for a year
well, that's what he would be do
and what the do is put it to the ball in the basket
that what I do put the bowl in the basket
Okay, one o'clock at 5.60 WQAM.
The chronic incoco, Russell, says, and this is a kissing uritoshi, as a matter of fact,
because you're the one that put that red bull thing on there.
He says Red Bull was pulled from the shelves in band by the health authorities in Germany
and France last week.
After test of the energy beverage, he oughta contained traces of cocaine.
Correct.
QAM's Red Bull parody song appeared during show breaks online, only a dare to later.
Very topical and well done, funny too, says the chronic incoco.
So there's a lick of your tushy.
All right.
Don't you feel like a moist spot back there?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, low snail trail.
Mm-hmm.
Rick Bees' my first in favor car was my 1965 Chevy Impala Super Sport.
My brother brought it new and was stolen after he had it only six months.
It was recovered with minor body damages.
I bought it from him in 1970 with about 70,000 miles on it for 500 bucks.
I went to school at Miami Edison Senior High.
I used to park it behind the school when I was the lunch one day and it was gone.
The cops found it three days later on a dirt road in homestead with all the wheels stripped
off.
I drove it for another year or so and sold it to a friend for $375.
He had it maybe two months before driving drunk on Collins Avenue 163rd and hit a tall,
concrete median.
The car bumped up over the median ripped a differential rear end right out of the back.
The car was junked after that.
Chevy Impala Super Sport 65 started out as a pristine machine and ended up junk.
Compressed junk.
371 votes on the poll not too shabby.
Although certainly not the 1500 in some odd we had our demographic poll on Friday and
over the weekend.
Aren't you impressed that we had 100 plus more than we did when we did that six years
ago?
Very.
It must be from all that tremendous promotion we're getting.
Could be.
What which of these is the most compelling radio, Neil Randigan raving 309 82.4%.
Stormcat 12.
Stormie got a big following and that's because of me not because of Joe.
I made Stormcat a superstar.
Did I?
You did.
I'm the one that drew everybody's attention to Stormie.
Dan Marino 10.
I were windbagged 10 NFL draft seven.
Drew Rosenhausen Cran's Burg shorts seven.
Fino Cook six.
Mark the Jets fan five.
Richie from Boryshead five.
He put the board in Boryshead fantasy sports too and jerked jerks.
He's only got a small pair too.
Not too compelling jerked jerks.
And I'm sure one of those the two votes is from that groupie he's got out there.
Whoever that is who's got the jerked jerks.
Street blow up.
Zach.
Who?
Zach Cran's.
Zach is got a jerked jerks street groupie.
I think so.
Oh, you've got to be Schmitt and me.
Are you kidding?
Nope.
Based on what?
He likes him.
He likes him for what?
What does he bring to the table?
He finds him crisp and compelling.
Oh my and compelling no less.
Oh God.
Poor Zach.
Now when Joseph's we're going to the male Zach is is that a play on Zach?
I believe it is.
Oh my God.
That's almost as bad as grassy as as whatever that was.
Wake up in good morning.
Even the naked cowboy has rights.
At least that's the pitch from New York where Times Square's naked cowboy street performer
Ron Robert Burke has suit clear channel claiming it's 93.3 FLC radio station in Tampa
and fringe down his trademark image by creating and promoting an imposter.
Keep in mind that Burke is a guitar player who performs wearing only a cowboy hat, boots
and wide briefs.
Gave.
Well, clear channel is the dominant player in the Tampa Bay radio market and runs more
than 1200 radio stations into the ground nationwide.
Has got a picture here.
It says as for this photo, it was taken in Tampa when Burke was down to entertain before
a recent Super Bowl.
Who wrote this?
Somebody I think from the New York Post, evidently I don't know.
Says I've had the pleasure of witnessing Burke perform in Times Square.
It was during the Republican National Convention in 2004, which I helped cover for the St.
Pete Times.
Burke was a regular standout so to speak in Times Square, which at the time was a wash
with street performers.
He definitely had an audience.
It's good old fun performance and usually ends up with lots of tourists, mostly women
getting their picture taken with him.
The legal case is Robert Burke doing business as the naked cowboy versus clear channel communications.
Burke claims 93.3 FLC created its own naked cowboy character who has appeared in videos
and made promotional appearances.
This photo, when it's got it here, shows the real Burke performing at the pier and winter
time in St. Pete's birth 2004.
Does beefcake Burke have a legitimate claim?
It seems legit to me though, clear channel is being mum on the matter so we don't know
where they stand on the matter.
Clear channel is based in San Antonio, Texas owned by Bain Capital LLC and Thomas H. Lee
partners.
Clear channel lost nearly $88 million in the first quarter of this year to which we say
right, right.
Then they make you happy.
Very.
Bain News 9 asked its audience, do you think the naked cowboy should be like the trademark
of signature look?
The response was split almost down the middle.
It says is there a lesson here?
Mom, don't let your babies grow up to be naked cowboys unless they get a good lawyer.
Why see?
This is Robert Trego, St. Pete Times' business columnist.
A real writer.
What?
A real writer.
A real writer?
St. Pete Times is a good paper.
I know that.
I'd say it's about the only good newspaper left in the state.
Yeah, and FLC, that's where your buddy works.
Todd Schmidt.
No, that's Bubba's buddy.
Yeah.
MJ.
I just don't get it.
But how can you be on in the same market using two different names on the same day?
Can you explain that to me how that works?
No.
I mean, is it supposed to like pull the wool over the audience's ears or what?
Maybe.
I just don't get it.
Percy and Miami Lakes says, Neil, how much BS are you going to put up with before you
sh- before you whack Norma can't get yourself a real agent?
Who knows now is what a vip joe bell and the beastlies a new joys hole by now?
If you don't, I see you working every day in the summer, dude, before it's your- I'm
not working every day in the summer.
It's not going to happen.
You see, the only way that could happen is if somebody physically dragged me out of my
bedroom into the studio and on Monday, Wednesday and Friday, that's not going to happen.
Trust me when I tell you.
What do you think about people who don't honor their contracts, who write a contract with
you and they say one thing and then they want you to do something else?
Hmm.
Is honorable.
Yeah.
Is honorable.
How are we in trust them?
Well, I don't trust them.
I don't trust them as far as you could throw them.
So I guess it to a clock.
You'll be listening on the listen line.
If I get that phone call, which I'm tempted not to answer it.
Would you answer it?
No, I wouldn't answer it.
Really?
If you saw your Blackbird ringing and you saw the number and you knew it was Jolly Joe,
you wouldn't answer it.
If I was you.
And why do you say that?
Because I have to answer it.
You don't.
I don't.
No, there's nothing in my contract.
This is I have to communicate with him.
And he can't walk down the hallway and come talk to you either.
No, he cannot.
Here he can.
Another good reason for me not to be there.
Oh, I had a bad window of time there for a little bit.
I guess I was on his speed dial and Joe's speed dial.
So like I was getting five to six to seven calls a day from him that were accidental.
Like it was in his pocket.
But then you got to answer it every time when you see your boss calling.
So you got to answer it to finally I was like, dude, can you just take me off your speed
dial?
You call me five to ten times a day.
I think I hate when I do that when I accidentally call somebody.
Yeah, but call.
Yeah.
Or a shirt pocket call.
That too.
These things, I mean, you put it in your shirt pocket and then you like readjust the
like barrier, something there.
You know, squeeze your booby or whatever you do.
And they all of a sudden, you just called me.
I didn't call anybody.
Oh, sure you did.
Chuck who's thirty five says I love listening online since I moved to San Diego a few years
ago.
The radio out here blows the big afternoon guys, some Neocon ass clown named Roger Hedgecock.
The rock station has a board again, Christian recovering alcoholic.
There's only one list in the morning show.
This is Southern California for Christ's WTF.
Exclamation question mark.
Anyway, flea is so much more interesting than George.
George was a snoozer.
There your other teachers got licked.
Thanks for still being the king.
You are awesome.
Neil God says Chuck thirty five.
Thanks, Chuck.
How do you like that?
Flea the Habs lost to the Bruins in four this year.
They have a one of cups since 93.
Right.
It is the leaves who haven't one made the playoff since Joe Bell arrived.
That's right.
Four years in a row.
First time in franchise history.
Leave the hockey talk to Neil.
You are on a short leash flea.
Stick to be ball.
Still miss George.
Island Rob in bugtussle P E I.
Oh, and B P I but there are a lot of clicks to get to P E I.
When you think.
Yep, Prince Edward Island.
I've mentioned this before as you fly back from Europe in the winter time.
To like here to Toronto and you fly over northern Canada.
Oh my god.
You see his ice.
There's only thirty million people in the whole country in Canada.
And over five million moving the GTA in Toronto.
They all live in Toronto Vancouver and Montreal.
And a few in Whistler B C and then that's it.
The frozen tundra my god.
And it's like a gigantic icicle.
P E I my ass.
That was up to a hundred eight points.
It's been doing well all day.
Oh, military recruiting center shooting.
One soldier killed little rock Arkansas.
Excuse me.
He has not been officially questioned just yet.
We'll hold him for a short time.
Short time in a cell and then we'll begin questioning.
What's our most of our investigators get back to our to our time.
He must know Phil Sims.
He decides a time and line and stuff like that.
All of this guy.
It's for real little rock.
You know that draw.
When you hear a Southern draw.
The I mean, you know, I don't want to say Southerners are all stupid
even though most of Mara.
But doesn't that whole thing come to mind about them?
Dumb.
Yes.
Draw.
I mean, people in New York,
Accents, you hear that.
You don't think they're dumb or people with Boston accents.
You don't think they're dumb or people with Midwestern accents who say like
Melc and Illinois and things like that.
You don't think right away they're dumb.
But you hear somebody with a Southern draw.
Y'all and you think dumb.
Oh, me.
Yeah, I think.
Come on in and lay down on my couch.
Well, I'm a goner in the buzzer.
I'm a goner in the hollow.
Because I'm feeling of my car car cause about $100.
When I load up a family and drive to the lake.
Got places.
Give me every cent you make.
It pours in thoughts, my vacation's all through.
Cause I ain't no cure for the summer gas.
Gas.
They should mess over.
They decline the credit card now.
I guess I can't be.
It will be in the backyard now.
You do what you've got to do when the taxes are reached.
Pull and pretend you're at the beach.
They call the signals that put on your walkers shoes.
Guns ain't no cure for the summer gas.
Yeah, I got the summer gas all right.
I could let you hear what it sounds like, but better not.
117 at 560 W.Q.A.M.
Mr. Highlife says, please do in a great job.
Please get him a 50% raise.
Sure.
Mario, 33-year-old Julio from For Lauderdale,
been listening since 92.
Why don't you just have Norma try to get you more money
for extra summer shows?
Gotta go have to take a choice.
I think we've added that to the vocabulary of soft Florida, right?
I use it.
Gotta go a choice.
Yeah, Norma, I'm not doing extra summer shows.
For money or for not wanting.
Just ain't gonna happen.
This could be one of the dumbest emails in history,
but then there are so many.
From Bambi, please, I made a mistake on your poll.
On Friday's poll, I made a mistake.
I think I put mail 50 years old.
I'm not 50. I'm 32.
It says Bambi.
Please, is there any way to let me vote again?
Help me with that, please.
Wait a minute.
That's just the beginning.
And I have an idea that can bring George back.
My message to the listeners is to turn off the radio.
This way, if the ratings are low without George,
they'll be forced to bring him back.
But that will only work if we're all in on it.
And you back us up too.
Yeah.
Shoot yourself in the public, Neil, in order to get George to come back.
George ain't coming back.
Okay, I hate to break the news, Bambi, or whatever you are.
He's not coming back.
And by the way, George was here when we had that horrendous April.
I just point that out.
Not saying it's his fault, but I'm just pointing that out.
You can't get much lower than a 0.2.
Now, Karney says, just wanted to make you a listener
is aware of something that happened to my wife and I last week.
Someone smashed in the window on our truck
while we were picking up our daughter with the daycare
and took my wife's purse.
The purse had no money and nothing we thought of it as a big loss.
Her cell phone and cards and such.
We called and canceled our credit cards in ATM card.
We had to go get her a new social security card in license the next day
and replace the window $200 and thought we got out of the hole
or deal fairly unharmed.
That night, the crooks called me on my cell phone
to Hekelos called several times,
laughing and just listening to me to tell them to cut the crap
and that I voted for Obama so they should be nicer to me.
You get them drift on that?
Yeah.
We called the police and told them to use the GPS on the phone
to track their criminals, but said there was nothing they could do
without a subpoena.
Thanks, coppers.
A few days later, we noticed they deposit in our bank account.
We thought it to be another error and waited for the bank to remove the deposit.
What happened was the criminals had stolen another woman's purse
with checks in it from another bank.
They wrote my wife and our account a check for $2800.
Went to the bank to deposit the check in our account
and personated as my wife with a ID in Social Security card.
They put the money in our account.
And drew out $1950 cash and walked right out.
To all those listening, these crooks are working up and down
on a federal highway.
They prey on moms and daycares and ladies pumping gas of gas stations.
Nice.
They're working from adventura all the way up to Stewart.
If they get you ID or checks, immediately cancel the accounts right away
and tell the bank.
Keep your eyes peeled, guys, if they're doing this frequently.
The cops have been of no help.
As if yet they have even gathered the video footage of the impersonator
who went to the bank to rob his blind.
Be careful and look out for one another, bitches.
Love the show and thanks for the laughs, Mrs. Carney, who's chronic.
But that was an interesting email.
That to me was compelling.
They're not all compelling, but that to me was fairly compelling.
Oh, Bob says, is a vegan.
I'm pretty offended by your lack of understanding.
What?
You've got a fellow vegan out there.
I'm not doing it.
I'm not vegan.
You're not?
No, vegans don't eat dairy or...
Are you martian?
Eggs.
Yeah, a little bit.
400 votes on the pool, by the way.
Jerk Jerk treats only got two.
He's tied with fantasy sports for last place.
Least compelling.
You're not compelling Jerk Jerk treat no matter what Zack says.
He's probably paying Zack off.
I mean, Zack's another stupid guy, you know?
He should know from compelling.
Anyway, Rob says when Flea revealed he was a vegan, which he's not,
you were shocked and couldn't believe it.
We could literally hear your brain going into overdrive,
trying to compute what you just heard.
Yeah, my brain is going to overdrive.
Can you hear it?
Mm-hmm.
Simply put, Flea is evolved.
Why hurt animals when you don't have to?
Flea is evolved, you should try it.
Evolution feels good.
Try to change and don't be stubborn.
Here's another person tell me what to do.
It says, Flea is an evolved version of you.
Isn't that amusing?
Yeah.
A younger, heterothinner version of me.
Are they not identical?
Right.
Try to change and don't be stubborn.
Here, I'm going to be stubborn.
I like my meat.
I'm not going to be a vegan.
The whole vegetarian thing just leaves me limp.
Leaves me high and dry, mostly dry.
I just don't see that many food choices.
I could be wrong.
Maybe I'm just not that inventive.
Oh, here we go.
Just in, says Paul, we had this on two hours ago.
Panther GM, Jacques Martin, New Montreal coach, just in.
Didn't we have it on two hours ago?
Yeah.
At the very least.
In the first hour of the show, maybe three hours ago.
Thanks anyway, Paul.
Way, way behind the times.
Anybody care that Jack Martin has gone?
No.
Well, maybe they can find another one of the Sutter brothers
to bring in his coach.
What do you think?
Or maybe, um, what's his name?
BM.
They can bring him back from Ottawa.
BM.
We need the Esposito brothers back.
Never had him.
No, I know.
They were in Tampa.
Tony was in Tampa, too.
No, just the one brother.
And we had just the coach.
Chris Esposito?
No.
Oh, Terry Chris.
Yeah.
Oh, Terry Chris.
Yeah, he's illiterate.
He's on, he's another talking, Jacques.
He's on the Nashville games.
He does the color commentary, so to speak.
Mm-hmm.
Terry Chris with a curly red hair, you know?
Yeah.
Real goofball.
Terrible on the ear.
The Jacques Ockwassy man.
Destroy it.
Wipe it out.
Wipe it out.
You know, it's really interesting since all the stuff that went on
toward the ass end of last week including those emails which you read.
It's really interesting notice today.
There's no fake Barry Jackass.
There's no fake Jimmy Cifalus.
Mm-hmm.
Don't you find that rather bizarre?
A little bit.
I mean, those guys were really compelling.
They're not.
That thing about your favorite car.
That went over like a pregnant pole vaulter on Rocher-Shamma.
Wouldn't you have thought that we'd have gotten like dozens and dozens and hundreds of emails about that?
Yeah, I think so.
I mean, it hasn't ever.
I think it's fairly compelling.
I've had a lot of cars in my lifetime over the last of this.
I've been driving since I was 15.
So like 51 years I've been driving.
In the last 22 years, Corvette's always, always at least one, usually two.
Usually a pair.
And people will say, well, why do you always have two Corvette?
Because I want to.
I can afford it and I want to.
Oh, well, if you had sold one, Corvette, you'd give that money to George.
Mm-hmm. There you go.
Yeah.
Why don't I just sell all my earthly possessions?
Why don't I start selling the equipment here in the studio and just send them to my to George?
And let me say it again.
When we had that going away party for George on a week ago Friday,
how many people brought George Cash or anything, you know, worthwhile?
None.
Zero.
Zero.
Oh, come on, you're making the big bucks.
You've got to take care of the whole world.
You take care of Norma and take care of this one.
Yeah.
How about we take care of Joe Bell?
The knife's up to it at 14 points.
So your advice is don't answer the phone at two if he calls.
No, I don't answer.
Okay.
In fact, if he does call, I'm going to send him a text message.
Say, if he told me not to talk to you.
Oh, me, you.
Yeah, that's Joe Rogers.
God.
330 in the morning and you hear yourself phone peep.
Why the hell's he got his phone on when he should be fast asleep?
You get up and check the message and it says thanks for the sex.
You just caught your hubby cheating through a goofy high school text.
And the screaming stars.
And the screaming stars.
Yeah.
Her screen name is Cookie Panda and your man keeps her warm.
Texting about the last date when he visited her dorm.
She thanks him for the sweater, the gift card and I've bought.
You said she can't wait to see him and feel a sexy bod and the screaming stars.
And the screaming stars.
The screaming stars, and ailk is strong in him in the head.
With his own cell phone, then he kicked him hard
He suddenly beat, he's lying on the floor
Holding his in between
You woke up all the neighbors, but to them it's nothing new
Because they've got rotten husbands, who cheated on them too
Here comes another message, but read it if you dare
A spooky panda says she's not wearing underwear
And the screaming starts
And the screaming starts
The screaming starts
The screaming starts
And the left gets thrown
He hit him in the head
With his own cell phone
And then he kicked him hard
He in the family beat, he's lying on the floor
Holding his in between
Holding his in between
Oh boy, 133 at 5.60 at 8.00 am
Well that was cute, and it was compelling too I think
Not real, super compelling, but it was compelling enough to me
To read two emails I just got on my crackberry during the break
Well, bad news, no hope for Air France jet fair rain 220 across the Atlantic
CBS Radio News reporter Elaine Coby in Paris said the airline indicated soon after the news
that the plane was missing there was no hope of a positive outcome
No hope
As Richard Quest would say it's not in the sky anymore
He ought to be in the sky
That of a they should have attached him to the wing
Aviation experts said it was clear the plane was not in there any longer due to the amount of fuel it would have been carrying
It's nearly three hours overdue there's been no receipt of a Mayday call
The conclusion to be drawn is that something catastrophic happened on board
That caused this airplane to ditch in a controller uncontrolled fashion
Change deviation analysts christiates to the AP
The airline is offered its condolences to the families of the past years
Making it clear it doesn't expect to find any survivors
Once the airline says oh we're awfully sorry that's not usually a pretty good sign
Right? Yeah
At least 60 of those on board were French, roughly 60 were Brazilians, and 2 were slowbacks
Air France said the Airbus flew in a stormy weather four hours after takeoff from Brazil
And soon afterwards sent an automatic message reporting electrical faults
A company spokesman said several of the plane's mechanisms had malfunctioned
It's probably a combination of circumstances that could have led to the crash
You said adding the airliner might have been hit by lightning
I thought that the planes had lightning things rods
You would think, don't they?
To deflect the lightning hits, wouldn't you think so? I always thought so
Right
Now next time I fly if it's like in the middle of a summer storm or something
I'm going to think oh oh boy, because certainly when I fly I don't pay any attention
I've done so much flying over the years it's just you know, he just relax
Aviation experts said lightning strikes on planes were common and were not enough alone to explain the disaster
The Brazilian Air Force said the plane was far out over the sea when it went missing
Military planes took off from the island of Fernando de Nauronha
on Brazil's northeast coast to look for it and the Brazilian Navy sent three ships to help to search
On its flight northeast from Rio the jetliner would have had to pass the way notorious storm patch
Shifting around the equator known as the intertropical convergence zone
Here's a good lesson for all you people out there
You're going to be doing any flying anytime in your lifetime
Be sure and check the route
And make sure that your flight isn't going to be passing through the intertropical convergence zone
It's a zone in the tropics where you can have especially deep thunder clouds
That very grommet a meteorologist at the London Weather Center
The carrier said 216 passengers were onboard including seven children and one baby as well as 12 crew members
The passenger list was not released but French tire company Michelin said the head of its LA operations
Luis Roberto Anastasio had been on the flight
Senior French government Sean Louis Borlou ruled out the possibility of a hijacking
It's an awful tragedy he told France info radio
If no survivors are found it will be the worst loss of life involving an air France plane in the company's 75-year history
They should have flown Quantas, isn't it Quantas that's never had a crash?
I think so
See I was thinking about that during the break
When you rather fly an airline that's you know maybe had a crash or two during its history
Or fly one that's never had a crash thinking you know the odds now are building against them
You know sooner or later it happens to the best of us
Yeah they're the worst
You know what I'm saying?
Coalabair and that way you think of when you think of Quantas as a Coalabair?
Yeah
You're just saying that
It's New Zealand right?
Airlines?
Or is it Australian?
Australia I believe
Q-A-N-T-A-S
Google it, you're the Google man
Never flown Quantas and that's because I've never gone I have no desire to go to Australia and New Zealand
What am I going to find there?
So far away
Oh Tim is this, are you in the radio hall of fame?
If not I can see why
I know Flea is new to the game but I think he's already surpassed you in every way
Thanks a lot Tim
You surpassed me in every way
Even though you're new to the game
And I'm not in the radio hall of shame
How do you like that for a shot?
Hmm, yeah Quantas is Australian
I'm told you
See I think that Tim email
I think that was from your buddy Joe
I think he's got his sights set on you doing a show
Me out, you in
Yeah but that wouldn't explain why he would want you to work during the summer then
He doesn't really want me to work during the summer
That's just another stuff
Just another agitating force
Don't you understand?
I do now
You understand?
Just another let's piss him off and get him to walk kind of thing
Oh no I want you on the ear Neil
I want you on the ear
Well you read all the emails
You believe any of his bullcrap?
No
So in other words you're telling me don't answer the phone if jolly joke calls
Right?
You know in
me like as you decay
Honkiaq
We're going out of business
143 is 1702 I haven't played that in a long time in fact it's so short we can play it again
Honkiaq
We're going out of business
Oh right
143 so I guess I've only bought two Pontiacs in my lifetime
I bought a Grand Prix
Many many moons ago I was working at WSNEW so it's got to be like in the early 80s
And then the Solstice for Paco
Grand Prix was a good car
And then somebody smashed the window on that
Oh
Honkiaq
Gus is I guess Gus wants to date with you please he says how old is he?
What difference does it make how old he is?
Right and I don't date guys so it doesn't matter
Yeah
He ain't interested Gus okay find yourself another boyfriend
How old is he?
How big is it?
Gus
Yeah
Drama picture
Oh Gus
Bosses well thank God Bosses and other stuff besides the obituaries because I'm not doing those anymore
Unless it's somebody really really really super famous you know
By the way what's his name?
Leno's off of the late night show and he's on another time
Oh boy
Who cares right
And Conan O'Brien oh my god
Are these people kidnapped or what?
I don't see how much those late shows anyway so it's of no interest to me
Neil that story of the first is true says boss the gangs in South Florida have their initiations doing that
They've got numerous South Florida gang members in Tampa doing those things
They hit publics and daycares I guess they target women and the fact that they were running in and out for just a few minutes
Tampa a lot of crap go down in Tampa
I thought Tampa was a bunch of Midwestern very a placid low-key, you know y'all come back kind of folks
Yeah, I don't remember any Tampa gangs, but I guess they exist
Well you how long you've been gone from there?
Like 10 years
10 years so you better go back and check it all out
Although we know that what's it called still there Bernstake House?
Oh yeah
I'm Howard Street nice neighborhood
In the LCAP which is in St. Pete the best burger place ever it's called the LCAP
It's on 9th Street in St. Pete maybe on 4th Street
But the best burgers best burgers you'll ever have really family on place since like 1965
And what about Donna Tellos on Dale Maverick?
That's a great place to they sure loved me I'll tell you that boy do they love me
We had some good free meals there at Donna Tellos
Robert says do you remember the planet road runner super bird I sure don't do you?
Do which one?
The planet road runner super bird
Yeah as a matter of fact I do remember that because my sister's boyfriend when I was growing up had one
So your way ahead of me like that Tim said
As a kid I always thought it was the coolest car ever and couldn't wait till I was old on him to get one
Unfortunately they only made him for one year 1970
And it's got a picture which I didn't I skated on by
I believe it looked a lot like the GTOs
Really? Yeah
Little GTO Ronnie and the Daytona's you could play it if you had the music in there but
Now let me ask you something seriously
Okay is there going to be a point and I'm not I'm not joking when I say this is there going to be a point at which we're going to actually have our
Studio ready and the phones working because I just checked the phone monitor again and there's no dots
There's nothing going on there I spot I just spoke to George Curtis not too long ago he spotted George
I spot him and I spoke to him and he said that your phone system should be up and running within a day or two
The guy that was responsible for fixing it just got back from vacation so it should be taken care of
They're going to take down the firewall
Yeah, or poke a hole in it how you know how everything poke a hole in a poke a harness right and the studio studio
Studio I'm still here at the end of the week
So we'll say end of end of what week and what month and what year oh yeah I didn't say that the end of the week
Yeah, I don't know what you're so concerned about that for me own blah blah oh my anal tape six a chapter says
Oh boy you think I'm going to read this he's got the most gross email
Intertropical convergence zone Scott says definition the area between JBL's rectum and Joyce's head
I like that that was compelling that was compelling Steve says the best car ever had was a big old mobile big old mobile
It kept going on and on till I ran into the wall of fall into the wall of football
Yeah, watch out don't run into the wall of football
JCP says my best car was a 66 Ford Mustang 289 a coupe five speed not a fast back like fleas
It had 200 miles on it when I bought it for 1800 bucks talk about fast it was a little hard to handle because it had no power steering
No power steering yeah, it had over 150,000 miles on it when I sold it for 300 bucks the inside looked brand new
The paint tranny were bad it had no rust but the floorboards are rotting out for some reason and my wife was blowing up clutches left and right
I sold it to my neighbor who was the teacher at some tech he said it would be a good car for his students to work on
As he drove away I was thinking maybe I should have kept it since I did have a two car garage
He came over a couple of weeks later with a smile on his face congratulated me I asked for what he said my Mustang in one first place
And it's classed some drag race track in Hollywood as he walked away laughing I was thinking what I'm more on I was I should have kept it
Now
Must say that 289 was a good engine though even though it's small yeah, it was a great engine
See your way ahead of me
No, that's what Tim's Tim is a Joe Bell
So who is this oh, Bambi dude, I'm just trying to help you out on the pole
I'm 32 year coveted age group like many of the fans are trying to help you not get fired
My solution to bring George back is a good one but you laugh at it only shows you don't want him back and probably help to get him fired
Right, it's all conspiracy man. Yeah, that's right. I
Guess across the street they've dropped the fake this one and fake that one today and they're just doing Bambi and whatever else
Bambi and Rinton tin
Let's check that compelling poll today
428 votes not bad which of these is the most compelling radio
Neil Ranting and Raving 354 82.7% compelling
Stormcat 14 let me tell you when storm cat gets 14 and jerk jerks treats in last place with only two
What does that tell you about jerk?
They hate him like poison
Stormcat 14 Dan Marina 11 hour win bag 11 NFL draft 9 Drew Rosenhaus 7 how you doing with the ladies Drew?
Do you care about how Drew is doing with the ladies?
No, not at all. You think anybody in the world cares beside Drew? No Joe? No
Bino cook six mark the Jets fan five Richie from Boorshead five
I think it's more than just coincidence that they are each have five votes
joined at the hip
Fantasy sports for and jerk jerks treat pulling up the rear
Two votes out of 420 votes only two for jerk jerks treat
Not too good jerk, myster
Anybody getting back to the dead abortion doctor which we never really got to anyway because everybody has seen a story
The 51 year old man authorities are holding them as a suspect in the assassination of prominent abortion doctor George Tiller
Has long discussed violence against abortion providers and belong to right wing militia groups according to reports and acquaintances
Right wing militia groups in other words crazy people
Authorities arrested Scott rotor in a Kansas City suburb Sunday hours after doctor Tiller was gunned down in the foyer of a church in Wichita
Tiller it survived the previous shooting in the bombing of his clinic and someone with a name of Scott rotor had posted an anti abortion rights
Website urging people to target the positions church
I know that he believed in a ja and justifiable homicide any abortion activist Regina Dinwittle told the Kansas City star Dinwittle
I know he very strongly believed that abortion was murder and you ought to defend the little ones
The fetus huggers defend the little ones
Now there's another good reason to watch that movie the neighbor with Rod Stiger
Not nobody has seen it and nobody also saw Nick of time with Johnny Depp
Not one strange I put the neighbor in my thing in Netflix so I'll have it in a couple of days
Yeah right you'll like it trust me when I tell you it's good
Rotary Portably made a jailhouse visit to the activist who shot tiller in 1993
Kansas City area militia member city was a member of their anti-government group and a man by his name was stopped by authorities in 96
For driving with an impromptu license plate that read sovereign private property
Authorities found explosives in his car and he was convicted on explosive charges although an appeals court found the search of his car was improper overturned the conviction
That's back in 96
In Wichita bouquets of flowers lying the wooden fence outside tellers clinic and in can speak with low-slung building along the frontage road of a state highway
That's normally the target of daily picketing by anti-abortion protesters the fetus huggers
Once you're alive they don't give a flying crap about you but when you're in the womb man they want into that womb
428 votes on the pool and if the phone rings at two o'clock and I see it's Joe's number you tell me don't answer it
Right
Now you're you're willing to bear the responsibility for that if he gets all been out of shape nothing I really care but
Sure
Flea told me don't talk to you. Okay. He said don't answer don't talk to you and watch my back watch my big fat ass
Oh, yeah
Local talk expert analysis
Is it out of date with my gaveeth?
What's that?
Technical problem. Oh boy
We started with one of the one at least we're consistent and I'm telling you
Absolutely ladies and gentlemen this is rambo forward five absolutely
How are you?
John
Rambo still alive. I want to make movies for in five my life and going great plan to Hollywood's broke
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke first blood came in 82
My penis and it never ever grew
Rambo two was in 85 late
Rambo three was in 88
And to it my god I did not make this movie with my son
He's been saying choose in rocky five and daylight the tunnel movie a little bit of cash is what I mean
I got to get a little from the power cream. I got to have another movie or a Broadway show like
I guess nobody ever saw Kaplan it was stupid
I guess I understand my whole life is about to cave in all I got left is gentle play
Ladies and gentlemen I need to make rambo foreign
five
Check it out so call me up. I really need to script I can do dialogue or keep it zip the light comedy
Action adventure and drama that the only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama so give me a break for goodness sake
I used to be out over and I can't get on Ricky Lake right now. I got a one-man show and pole kept me basically out of an unemployed
Gypsy a little bit of cash is what I mean I got to get a hold from a power cream I got to have another
Hit movie or Broadway show like
Better means I guess nobody ever saw Kaplan it was stupid so I understand my whole life is about to cave in
I got left is gentle play
That's why ladies and gentlemen I need to make rambo foreign
Fire
But I hope you're absolutely right bye bye
