The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests, and collars.
And you're not referring to the music broadcast group.
It's down to the advertisers or agency.
How could I do this?
You've got to hire me.
You've got to hire me.
You've got to hire me.
You've got to hire me.
For the Latter-day Hill.
560 WQAM presents The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Dile 560-50560 in D.
You better change Neil.
I'm cutting all the way.
You better change.
You better change.
174th Neil.
I've seen four Minerals 560 here.
18T and Verizon.
And the wireless phones was on the rear.
The opinions expressed on the Neil.
His guests, Phil Cunil and Phil, do not represent those of WQAM and Trinidad and staff or sponsors.
Now the Neil Rogers Show on 560 WQAM.
It's Money Penny.
What space you'll be in the laser beam out of my wristwatch?
Ooh, what's the dead roll watch?
Do you have to take your daughter to see the new Jonas Brothers movie?
Oh my God, the Jonas Brothers!
You need the Jonas Brothers movie survival kit.
Each survival kit comes with a sleep mask so you don't have to watch.
Ear plugs so you don't have to hear.
And a sign I'd capsule just in case the mask and plugs don't work.
Oh my God, the Jonas Brothers!
The Jonas Brothers movie survival kit.
You can make it.
The film is only 76 minutes long.
I need a Jonas Brothers!
Give me those ear plugs.
Oh my God, the Jonas Brothers!
And the sign I'd...
Oh my God!
The Jonas Brothers!
The Jonas Brothers 3D concert experience survival kit.
It's too late for me.
Save yourselves!
Oh, can they build out a sound or what?
No, no.
Oh, that's cute.
It is cute.
I like that.
They'll get good bits every, you know, except for every once in a while though.
Well, that's why I started out with that one.
Maybe you might attract some people like, you know, like Beast to Honey.
Beast to Honey?
Beast to Honey, the Beast.
Yeah, the fact that he am married to a human being and that they're procreating is just mind blowing.
It's just...
He means well though.
Yeah.
No, seriously, he means well.
I don't have a problem.
He's annoying his hell, but he really means well.
Hey, listen.
As opposed to like fat Josh Friedman, not all fat people are evil.
I'm right.
I'm about as evil as a kid.
Oh, get out.
You're nasty, Neal.
You're such a son of a bitch.
You're a pussycat.
The fake Neal Armstrong emails us right off the bat.
We got one.
Excellent.
Well, for the loot?
Wow, it's 9.50 a.m.
and I just heard a funny promo for you using excerpt at Neal Roger's show audio in the middle of the Joe Roe show.
Heaven heard anything like this in years if ever on QIM.
Drop my serial spoon on the floor.
Neal, don't ever doubt the flea again.
He be the man.
Says the fake Neal Armstrong.
So this is probably from flea.
Could be, although he's so busy lately, I doubt he has time to write fake news.
He's got all like five different jobs.
He's going to be replacing Joe Belson, you know.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, happy day.
Oh, wouldn't that be something from your mouth to God's ass?
Hey.
Well, the email thing, the problem with it is it's re-aggressing back to what it was there for a long time.
Complaints, critiques, and life instruction for yours truly in George.
You could have complaints and critiques.
It's boring.
Why?
You could bind the life instruction into a book and then sell it as a book.
First of all, when you're dealing with the inter-anonymous universe out there,
we know that a lot of the crap is coming from the Ozean provocateurs, the Goyam across the street.
Right.
And other misfits in the business and want to be in the business.
And of course, those people are shot off from the phone because I'm not taking calls.
So this is their avenue to attack and annoy and aggravate and palpitate and agitate.
Just wait till we start taking smoke signals.
Yeah, I think that's a good idea.
And by the time they get up here, they might be a little stale, but sorry.
Now, here's an example.
Well, I'm going to reread the one that came in about 10 to 2 yesterday,
which 99% chance it's, you know, it's your buddy John Z. T.R.
or another one of the fakes.
There is nobody.
This can't possibly be anybody this ignorant.
Or this lifeless who's going to extend this long, big, two-paragraph email about,
oh, geez, you have to do to get over it.
No, I'm going to be gone.
Yeah.
Subject.
Will there be a 34th year for you or me?
Question mark.
There will be for me if you're gone.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye, Don Taylor, aka Doug.
Make up your name.
You remind what your name is, by the way.
Is it Don Taylor or is it Doug?
Hey, you don't have to choose anymore.
No.
Now, here's one that came in 145 PM yesterday, but never got to it on the year.
In fact, thank God I got a huge pile of stuff that I haven't gotten to,
including anniversary greetings and wishes.
Oh, really?
And by the way, Joe Bell, just for the audience's edification,
Joe Bell has not at this point sent me, yeah, how many seconds would it take?
530, man.
To sit there and tap out, hey, happy anniversary.
Congratulations.
33 years in this market.
And by the way, 33 years in Miami, not in the business.
I've been in the business since I was 17 years old, 49 freaking years.
Now, next year will be 50 years in radio.
Wow.
1968?
Yeah.
WCGR, Kennedy, with New York, summertime.
Amazing.
DJ?
Yeah.
Wow, DJ, I mean, like, we used to play slush music, Monta-Wonnie, and like that, you know.
I can relate and read the weather and that's what I did.
It's 345 at WCGR.
I'm not going to be helpful.
That was me.
Anyway, here's one.
Love your show, but.
And here's more instruction, not life instruction, show instruction.
What I should say, what I should think, what I, I, I, I love your show, but.
I bet you knew there was a bug coming.
Shut the hell up about how bad your agent is.
No, I'm not going to shut up about anything.
I'll talk about whatever the hell I want.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
If you don't like the, if you don't like this, get the new agent.
It's not that hard.
Just hire somebody else.
You're starting to sound like the old farts and self-fotos who bitch about everything, but never do anything to change the things they don't like.
Just get a new agent and shut up about it already.
No, I won't.
I don't take instruction from anonymous emails or even emails I know.
I don't, the purpose of the email wasn't to tell us how to do the show, what to say, how to live our lives, how to spend our money, what to talk about.
Then that's not the point of it.
Complaints, critiques, and life instruction.
That's what it reverts back to.
After all is said and done, and of course 95% of it is fake anyway.
Crank, like this one from Don Taylor, aka Doug.
I mean, this is really worth reading another time because this epitomizes what this is he generated into.
And if anybody thinks, let's take a look at that pool first.
I haven't changed it yet.
If anybody thinks I'm going to go back to, I'm your friend, you're dreaming.
You are hallucinating.
868 votes on the pool.
What's your take on the old current email format?
It's okay, 269.
I want the collars 182.
I'll hold your breath.
Hey, hey.
Yeah.
I'm your friend.
I love it. Big improvement, 143.
WTF, 139.
I want the bedtime stories, 97.
I hated it sucks, 38.
Well, the reason I know the bedtime stories aren't what people want to hear is because they don't read them on our website.
The number of people who read those diminishes dramatically as each moment, each second, each, you know, the election's over.
Obama's in there.
He's got a hell of a nightmare on his hands that he inherited.
And the right wingers are just going, Ape Schmidt now.
They're just going off to deep end with Bayou Shudgeon doll and the rush and the mancoater.
They're just going crazy.
Obama's the devil.
So Doug wrote yesterday and I sure hope that you folks didn't miss this.
But if you did, here it is again.
Hi, Neil.
Congratulations on your 33 years in a business.
I've been listening to you for years.
I've listened to you several days a week in Georgia a couple of times a week when you're not on the air.
Contrary to some of your call-in and email friends, Georgia's been a good on air friend of yours who helps make your show better.
I used to like your show better.
I've been trying to figure out why I now enjoy your show less.
I started listening to you because you were funny.
You're reverend and progressive in your political beliefs, which was welcome contrast to the mediocre and mundane, especially the right wing nuts.
Now you are less funny.
Your honor persona seemed to become more insecure.
Oh, oh, what was me?
I'm insecure.
Always wanting to know what someone else says about you.
I'm assessing and whining about a lot of stuff only you care about.
Publicly criticizing George when he disagrees with you, etc.
Yeah, you're a bastard, George.
You bastard.
In fact, you're becoming more like your chronic's.
Keep it up and I wouldn't be surprised if George takes a hike, not withstanding your remunerative contributions.
Again, like you said yesterday, I guess this bozo thinks I pay your salary.
I don't.
I do occasionally throw George, you know, check every now and then little bones.
Thank you.
Keep him in the family alive.
I love your bones because the company treats him like garbage.
Oh, well, Georgia's just a, you know, for the time being, I'll continue.
Now here's the best part.
The threats, the threats for the time being, I'll continue to listen to you.
However, if you continue your downward slide in a mediocrity, there are plenty of other programs.
Listen to both broadcasts and on the internet.
I'll just change my listening habits.
Wow.
This is something that requires writing about.
Yeah.
It's like if you change the brand of toilet paper, do we need to write a letter to somebody about it?
Yes.
If you change the way you fart, I mean, if you like, I don't know, I know you could care less what I say.
That's right.
And that you're not amenable to constructive criticism.
Where is the constructive criticism in here?
Where's anything constructive in here?
As demonstrated by your treatment of George when he tries to offer some.
So I don't expect you to reinvent yourself into something more like what you were before, which was, which was what?
What was I before that I'm not now?
I don't know.
I'm the same fat fat who comes in here.
Every morning at 8.30 and does the same stuff for a hundred years.
Perhaps you're becoming more cynical, negative and grouchy because of the joe bells and joeces in your life.
No, why would anybody do that?
Just because somebody ties your hand behind your back and puts their hand over your mouth and won't let you do your show?
Why would anybody become cynical and grouchy about that?
Nevertheless, you're the one making the big bucks.
So do what you have to do to get over it.
No, I used to make the big bucks.
Now I make the not so big bucks.
I hope you're recut.
Now here's the best part.
I hope you'll recover and become more like the old Neil.
If not, see ya.
Sign, Doug.
See ya.
Recover.
Yeah.
I'm a recovering talkaholic.
But thanks, Doug.
But thanks so much, Doug, for your constructive criticism.
Will there be a 34th year for you or me?
Go away.
Just go away.
Don't even think about it twice.
If you don't like the show, bye-bye.
I'm not changing.
I'm not saying there's nothing to change into except maybe other underwear.
There's nothing to change into.
I am meat.
For those plaid.
I come in here.
I sit here.
I do my best every day to entertain and am used and titillate and hopefully try to get a response,
which believe you mean diminishing.
Diminishing is an understatement.
Let me take a look at the emails or oh, there's a couple on there.
Here's a full idea.
And here's one that says, hello.
Today is my birthday.
Can you please acknowledge my birthday on your show, Alex?
Sure, Alex.
No charge.
Even though I'm grouchy and grumpy and miserable son of a bitch.
Happy birthday, Alex.
He didn't cost a dime.
No, here let me get one of these two.
Yeah, there you go.
Because I had it handy.
Oh, and now look at this.
Look at that.
Oh no.
John says happy belated anniversary.
I just heard that Jonas Brothers has been left my ass off.
This is a good bed.
I'm one of those fathers who have to take my daughter to that movie.
I was wondering is that on your website?
Oh no.
If not, do you know where I can find it so I can play for my daughter?
No.
I can't find it.
First you get on a radio show and then you enter into a contract for exclusive broadcast rights to that bit.
And then you'll send it to you.
Thanks for all the years of free entertainment, John.
What do you welcome, John?
And thanks for other memories.
But I can't give you that bit.
Wow.
You have 77 votes on the poll.
Did I ever get to the poll?
No.
Yes, I did.
Yes, you did.
I read it once.
Well, I don't know.
I've got old timers.
I got old timers.
I got to do what I don't think.
So there was Doug's constructive critique.
You're just not the same.
You've changed.
First he tells me I need to change and then he tells me the bad thing is I've changed.
I'm just not the same old meal.
I'm the same old, hard-nosed.
I was the one that gave you Obama long before anybody.
I'll never heard of him for Christ's sake.
Totally.
He was going to be the next president.
Oh no, they're never going to elect a schwarzer president.
You're that man's crazy.
Now here's one that just, I don't know what to say about this.
From Betty.
Betty just got an arbitron book.
Well, we say, well, let's do the break and then we'll go back and see if we can't straighten Betty out.
You call that a Harry scrotum?
Ladies and gentlemen, children of all ages.
It's time for the main event in the center ring.
Feast your eyes on the Octo Mom as she becomes the world's first human loud car.
All right, let's count the clowns as they make their way out of her uterus.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, any more in there?
How did that fit in there?
Well, how about that, folks?
Give her round of applause for Octo Mom, the human loud car.
I wonder if she's hiding any ass clowns, you think?
10, 16 to 5, 60, WQA.
Let's take a look at the Wednesday schedule for you.
We got a big o'clock today.
Oh, wow.
Mad Dog 4 to 7.
Hurricane's warm up 7 o'clock.
That's the end of that.
730, it's a UM Georgia Tech basketball.
Wow, at Georgia Tech.
That means, clearance is there today.
Is that how that works?
Yeah.
And then 930 to whenever it's the D.A. show, 930 to midnight.
Following UM basketball, boy, how'd you like to follow UM basketball?
Follow it where?
How'd you like to follow Stormy?
Where?
On the ear.
I'll follow him down the dock and then push him off of it.
Here's a Cuban list, nurses.
I've been listening to you dating back to the WQA.
AD days work for many.
Your political and social insight has always proven to be spot on
and your show is one of the few things worth listening to in Miami.
A belated thanks to you and George for many years of listening pleasure
and selflessly made the both of you have many more.
Cuban listener.
Alex, something or other.
Thanks, Cuban.
Well, thanks, Alex.
Thanks, Cuban listener.
Now, anyway, getting back to Vettie with the arbitrarian diary?
Yes.
Well, I sneaked that one in there because that was the one that came in during the break.
The email?
Well, I sneaked it apart, so don't feel bad.
Neil at Neorodgers.com.
That's what we're looking for is some material on there.
You know, some commentary.
Some something.
Wow.
Well, I used the word to lose the amount of time.
That was a 55 points, by the way.
Well, here you go.
Here's Todd, who says, what does Todd say?
Happy belated 30-30-turd.
Sorry I'm late and writing you, but just wanted to...
Well, you know, what have we had?
A few dozen emails about the 33rd anniversary on Monday.
Okay.
A few dozen.
Okay.
So there's a few thousand people short that have...
Yeah.
So, yeah.
Sorry I'm late to writing you, but I just wanted to thank you for the past five years of entertainment.
I regret not listening to you earlier.
My father's been listening to you for ten plus years.
I was lucky to start listening to you a few months before, most started working there.
I feel I really got a chance to listen to some of the funniest, effing, Schmidt, on radio.
You enjoyed to put a smile on my push for a few years now, thanks.
And thank you, Todd.
See, that's nice.
Not too, uh, ass-looking or like that, but, you know, nice.
Oh, we don't want to be nice.
We want to be South-Loridious.
We want to be bad, bad, like that.
Like you're always talking.
You know, you're just trying to live up to the reputation.
And they're doing...
Congratulations for getting out of here because the longer you stay, the more you turn into them.
Yeah.
You know that, right?
Well, I don't want to do that.
No.
No, I'm, uh, I'm doing okay.
Son of Shinin.
It's gonna warm up this weekend.
Okay.
It's gonna be, uh, Friday and the 9, 48.
Woo!
After the last few days, just bitterly frigid, bitterly cold.
Let's take a puke at it and see what it is now.
Oh, it's all all the way up to minus 10.
Gonna be minus one today, sunny and 34 tomorrow, nine on Friday and, uh, whatever.
I missed it.
I missed what it's gonna be.
So Betty says, just that I'd mention, I got sent an arbitrage on book-to-list preferences.
How can I intellectually rate radio when almost the entire market is owned by ClearChannel?
And all we get is right wing Nazis like Limbaugh, Sean Hannity and Michael Savage or elevator
music and heat games.
Even Beasley appears to have lost it.
The Vib program is Beasley-Berley promotes and the stuff they do promote is mediocre at
best.
Happy anniversary.
33 years in this market has to be something of biblical proportions, says Betty.
I got the answer for you, Betty.
Put down what you do like and what you listen to.
How can I intellectually rate radio?
Put down.
Mark down.
You listen to what you like and what you listen to.
Right.
Like this show, if, or assuming you like it.
Yeah.
Please.
Right.
Please.
Doesn't that solve her problem?
It solves our problem.
I mean, it sounds to me like Betty has made this into, oh, geez, how can I put down?
Well, don't put down all that right wing crap.
All that fascist garbage that Chief Channel spews endlessly.
He's the devil.
Yeah.
Obama's the devil.
He's the devil.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
You know, it's his fault.
We got this economic crisis going on.
I'm going to put down the film.
Well here's something that I don't, I don't, I, I'm, it leaves me speechless from Teresa
who says my grandson is a big fan.
Neil, my grandson and I love your show.
And he's been hooked on those funny song parodies.
Recently, his school asked him to write a poem from a famous or historical person.
And he chose you.
I told him, why not?
After all, you're a great role model.
You stand up to people and you're something at times, not to mention you are handsome.
Oh, Jesus, Teresa.
Here's a copy of the poem.
And I'm sure he'd be delighted if he had a chance to read it.
Should I read it?
I think yeah.
Don't forget.
Every day on the radio, he appears from 10 to 2 he entertains.
He's fat and bald and a bit little queer, a bit little queer from using curse words he
must refrain.
And in his heart, he has no fear as evil creatures he shall face by the name of Joyce and
Jolly Joe Bill.
But here comes Neil with my can hand to send those monsters straight to hell.
Teresa says, I think it's a lovely poem, but his teacher was confused by who you were
and gave him a zero.
We thank you so much, Neil.
I have a good day.
Well, I'm so sorry that your teacher gave you a, oh, wherever you are.
Teresa's grandson?
He sounds like a zero.
What?
That poem?
You didn't like that poem?
I know I like the poem.
The teacher sounds like a zero.
They enjoy it.
Nice who they are.
So they give them a zero.
Who the hell I was?
What kind of teacher in South Florida does know the great?
They feel God.
Huh?
My God.
Probably a fascist.
Probably a card-curing ditto head.
Is this because I think sometimes, uh, oh, there's the devil.
The chatter on the cable stations hasn't been clear about this.
There's the devil.
Nancy says, if the GOP-right-wing religious fanatics believe that life begins a conception,
that would make Governor Bobby Jindal unable to become a U.S. president since he was conceived
in India.
In his speech, he said, his mother was pregnant with him when he arrived in the U.S.
Hmm.
Sons Nancy.
Hmm.
In other words, huh?
I love you, Neil.
Sons Nancy.
There you go, Nancy.
I mean, the idea that Bobby Jindal is going to be present like even of the PTA is so
idiotic.
Come on, Nancy.
Cut it out.
Get with it.
Cut the crap, Ola.
Like I said, it's a really good thing.
I got a serious pile.
Although most of them, I think, are pretty short.
Let's see what's coming in here.
What's your ex-sac?
Here's a couple.
To George and Neil.
Spun.
The ultimate speed freaks tale of 32% in popularity this week.
Like CY on IMDB Pro Spun 2002.
Do you ever hear this flick?
I heard of it.
I'll never say that.
An outer control speed freak, Schwartzman, is introduced to his drug and choices creator,
Mickey Rourke by his dealer, Leguizamo, a massive three day adventure ensues with Yadi
Yadiya.
It's just, I don't understand.
Two nominations.
Spun.
I never heard a Spun.
Did you?
I heard of it.
Don't sound like too much fun.
It's been recommended before.
And Mickey Rourke is in it.
Oh, jeez, you're so negative.
You like all those hot guys.
I'll give you the one.
For free.
I can't stand Mickey Rourke.
I can't stand.
There's a whole group of people.
Give me spielkeys.
Well let me print out this next one.
It's, you know, I think what we ought to do is take one email at a time.
And all you people like Doug that, which I read that to make a point, I'm not reading
those anymore.
Like one day at a time, one email at a time.
No, I'm serious.
I'm not reading any of that crap anymore.
Oh, you got to change.
And I'm going to go.
If you don't like what the show is, goodbye.
Bye.
Thanks for the memories.
Goodbye.
It doesn't phase me in the least.
We're here to collect a paycheck.
This is our job.
We do the best edit that we can under the circumstances, okay?
Do you like it?
We're happy.
If you don't like it, Ginny says, good morning, Neil.
Jason Dobkin and Erica Greg, writer and artist of Snobbles, the greatest news patch story,
are coming to mind to promote it.
Oh my God.
This is not an email.
If you would like me to be interested in setting up an interview with Jason Dobkin and
or Erica Greg, please email me.
Ginny, get out of here, Ginny.
Children's author visits Miami.
You must be a crazy person.
That only do I get those emails.
They get them on the voicemail too.
But I mean, this is not like the usual setup deal.
Let's try to book a guest.
I mean, this is written like, good morning.
The like, it's a friendly like she's got something to say, which he doesn't.
We don't want Snobbles, the great.
We don't give a crap about Jason Dobkin or Erica Greg.
It makes me gag thinking about Erica Greg.
Ginny at news and experts.com.
Oh my God.
Don't these people listen to the show?
Don't they know we don't do guests?
No.
Don't they know that I'm going to rip them and ask every time they send me crap like this?
Oh, no.
So that's just a gaggy sucks, okay?
Hey, breathing.
Come on.
One more push and we're done.
And congrats.
It's a beautiful, healthy baby.
Mr. Brown, why don't you help me out by giving your baby a quick slap on the behind?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, that's too much.
Yes.
That's too much, Chris.
Hey, we're going down with Chris Brown.
Woo.
A real credit to the subhuman race.
1031 at 560 WQAM.
Here's one from the fake Tom Jic, who actually signs it now.
See, this is more like it.
Signs at the fake Tom Jic.
I have a problem with what?
Signs at the fake Tom Jic.
He signs at the fake Tom Jic.
Subject, surly George.
See how George stopped laughing real quick?
Oh, I turned the mic off.
It's a call.
Oh, it's not like hot.
I think a lot's of it.
Oh, my God.
My problem with George is he's against any inside radio talk, which is and has been one
of the more interesting elements of your show.
Yeah, that's true.
This is one reason why your show is number one with other radio personalities and people
in the biz.
While people in the biz don't get arbitrarian diaries, they don't in any way shape or form
contribute to our success, to our income, to anything positive for us.
In fact, we were just talking about the inside radio misfits before the show this morning.
Inside radio talk about what we're doing.
That's one thing.
So what if inside is prefer to use fake names to protect their identities?
What is his problem with this?
If we if we weren't for some insecure GM's, some of us would feel secure to use our true
IDs, but this is not the case.
Sign the fake Tom Jic.
Some insecure GM confused stuff.
It's all that radio groupie crap that you don't like either that I have a problem with.
Right.
It's the Mr. Radio crowd.
Yeah.
It's the fake Larry King and the fake Joey Rindler all the same one or two people and the
fake Tom Jic.
But nevertheless, now I thought at least though it's a breath of fresh air.
Number one that he actually sent something which believed you me.
The rate much coming in this morning and number two that he assigned it to fake Tom Jic.
Because you know some on to him because he doesn't have the code.
You don't got the code.
Look at that.
There's nothing.
There are three pool ideas on there and that's their old old moldies and that's it.
There is nothing on the outlook express on our email.
Neil at Neil Rogers dot com.
That's email address.
It doesn't cost you a dime to send your input output.
Something shot put.
Yeah.
And they got nothing just like the call is it's the same thing you're right.
You were right.
It's the same crowd.
They have nothing to say on the phone.
They got from the Santa E.M.
Even belated happy anniversary would be nice if it was sincere which I'm sure is not
like from jolly joe bill.
What what what up?
Turned in my life.
I have never worked for anybody as insensitive as ignorant of the human experience as this man.
I see the term man loosely.
Can you feel the love?
No I feel I feel the smell of him waddling in there with those baggy brown pants waddling
in there in the morning and sitting down at the desk where the general manager is supposed
to be pretending to be something.
A bench.
A bench on the bench.
I can smell the stench like the bang is head with a wrench.
That's cute.
It is always real.
That is that poem that what's your name Teresa is a grandson wrote that poem.
I'll start writing you some poems.
He got a zero for it because the teacher didn't have any idea who was.
I mean that's a pretty lame excuse to fact the teacher don't get out of the house very
much.
You don't know how to turn on the radio.
Teacher probably listens to the stupid sports shows.
Now I got to make my alarm clock make those sounds.
Your strawberry alarm clock.
Oh yeah.
Oscar says.
Veja.
Huh?
Que salos asuntos.
Do mama.
I don't know.
No Yahoo.
I've been singing the
praises of your new present for ages.
Oh this is Oscar.
Maybe now you can accept what he said when he met our prime minister which is that there
is a special kinship in love between the USA and Great Britain.
Now that's a political claptrap is what that is.
That doesn't change my opinion about the stagy Brits one Iota.
So often I hear you speak out against racism and bigotry and rightly so and then you let
yourself down by displaying hatred and prejudice toward us Brits just because of the color
of our teeth.
Oh no that's only a small part of it.
What passes off his British cuisine is enough to make the even least bit of self-respecting
human being gag.
The whole royal royal family thing is in a nauseating not to mention the stagy speech
pattern and Gordon Brown's a classic example of it.
The constipated personalities of the Brits the stagy Brits.
Oh I once did have a interesting stagy Brit with a Brit.
Yeah was it a hit?
Yeah that it fit.
Oscar says I'm prepared to let sleeping dogs lie and forgive them forget.
An apology from you for your past outburst would be nice.
Oh yeah an apology but if you're too proud to do that then I propose that it's from today
we just put the past behind us and all start behaving as the close friends and brethren
we truly are Oscar.
No no I don't like the frogs I don't like the I mean this business about racism and
bigotry everybody is a racist or bigoted in some way.
I'm not saying it's a good thing we have to try to combat it and fight it and resist
it and whatever and then hate it all we want.
Right right just like your hatred of Puerto Ricans and Mexicans.
What are you laughing about?
I don't you do I don't hate any of them.
No who do you hate?
Gypsies.
Gypsies.
Where are you going to be sure?
Burn all the gypsies baby.
Deports of an idea.
March them into the ocean.
Look at that there's nothing in that view.
Nothing.
Zero.
All this started on Monday that you know what I should have just skipped the whole anniversary
thing or should never even have mentioned it.
Because there's not a one person that would have remembered.
Oh March 1st is Neal's anniversary.
Nobody cares about such crap.
Well I have it on my calendar.
But nobody cares about it.
Don't you understand?
There's not a brand that said it's not nobody cares.
That's a great thing.
It could be a hundred years on the year in Miami and does make a bit of difference.
What do you got for me?
What do you got for me?
It means something to me because it's you know it's my career.
It's my livelihood.
It's so what I've been doing for a long time.
But it means nothing to most of them.
And I'm sitting here looking at a blank.
I think the email thing is over.
So the phone is over.
The email thing is over.
What about messaging a bottle would be next?
There you go.
Smoke signals.
More code.
I can have Paco sitting down on the shore of Lake Ontario.
They're collecting the bottles.
What?
Oh you know what I missed?
Those ticker tapes.
That we can always sell the bottles.
We can get the two cents.
There you go.
Do they still do that?
You know I'm not sure.
I mean, you don't see a lot of glass bottles anymore.
They still have them but I don't know where.
Beer bottles.
Right.
And those are not depositable.
They're not?
No, I don't know why.
How about the old Pepsi bottles and Coke bottles?
That's what we used to turn in for money.
Right.
For those of you that don't see them.
You used to see the homeless with their shopping carts or me.
Or George pushing out around with a big bunch of bottles
to return to get the two cents a piece.
That's right.
Well, maybe Jolly Jobelle will give you some time off
so you can go around and go.
And by the way, it was five cents in my day pops.
Was it really?
Oh yeah.
Way back when we went back to the big town 400 years ago
was like two cents.
See how argumentative George is?
Everything I say, you're wrong.
You're wrong.
That's right.
You're like the audience.
No matter what I say, no matter what I do, no matter what
I think it's wrong.
No, it isn't wrong.
So you're done.
Brandon has got a very perspicacious email.
Good job, Brandon.
Well, if I had a thousand like him, we'd have a show.
We'd have a career.
We'd have hope.
Oh, here's the fake jewelry rentals.
I always wondered why Neal was only on a one market.
This is that same site, chat room, whatever it is from yesterday.
I always wondered why he, does anyone know why he wasn't successful in Tampa?
Neal was part of a package deal on 620 AM.
Call it is then where WSUN when both WIOD and WSUN were owned by Cox.
The package included Neal Rick and Suds and Randy Rhodes.
If I'm not mistaken, either WIOD or WSUN was sold by Cox and Thed Point.
WSUN went in a different direction.
That is not correct.
Neal Randy and Rick and Suds were on for several years on 620, also not correct.
I enjoyed listening to Neal and Rick and Suds and when all of them had a public appearance
of the old Clearwater, Mall and Clearwater, there were hundreds of people.
No, there were 5,000 people there to get autographs, etc.
5,000.
By the way, the late Paul Lacer did morning drive at that time and Neal came on.
At 10 o'clock on WSUN, where as he started at 9 o'clock on WIOD, also not correct.
Also, at least once, maybe twice, Neal Rick and Suds and Randy were in the St. Petersburg area
for a week to do their shows from WSUN studios.
Oh, those were some glory days from WSUN 620.
This is, now see, you're right about that.
That's direct.
That's just pure unadulterated crap.
That's the Mr. Radio Garbage.
You're right.
Yeah, that's the stuff I was talking about.
Oh, I've always seen people love the product.
There's about such crap, except the group he's inside the business and boy, they're pathetic.
Pathetic.
Probably Bill Marshall sent that.
Well, I'll get to a Brandon's commentary a second, and he says it was bound to happen,
just like everything else the emails have run their course.
That's right.
Yeah.
That's correct.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
Yeah.
A YouTube channel.
Yeah, yeah, that's a
Nebyshe switchy swishy. He sat shade up to that podium. Wow. I didn't know that
well
Brand like says it
Can I speak okay, go ahead? That's it
Brand says it was bound to happen just like everything else the emails have run their course
They absolutely have because I'm looking on there and
Maybe that's why we didn't get as many happy anniversary greetings from the audience as we thought we would because the emails are
Over now maybe people are out there busy pounding the pavement looking for work. Maybe the ocean sign out cab tablets to swallow
before that maybe comes out
It says just like everything else the emails have run their course, but there isn't anything else you can do you can thank the audience for that
When you're gone they'll cry for years and years message boards across the internet will be filled with posts saying
Radio just isn't the same without Neal Rogers
People are gonna stop George on the street and tell him they missed the old days when you were on the year
Do they stop you on the street? It's yeah every day
Something I always wondered to better the show is to change the time slot. No
I wouldn't want to subject you in Georgia doing mornings, but what about afternoon drive? I hate afternoon drive. It sucks
Have you ever considered that just a thought? I've done it and I hated of all the time slots man
Afternoon drivers the worst really blows what I said really yes, it sucks
Anyhow when you're gonna eat five guys every need at least five times it gets better every time and if you like spicy stuff
Fry those cage and fries cage all like Bobby Jindal like Paiyusha in the air cage all
He swishes and sways
But anyway
Rhymes with gay Andrew says if Paco doesn't want to collect the bottles. I'm looking for work
Happy anniversary Neal. I don't do well with dates. I don't even remember my own anniversary and crap like that
But I've been here for the past 25 years of your wild ride Andrew and Richmond Hill right up the street a few miles
PS tell George. We still got the good stuff up here cue the Bongs on
No, the bond is not the boy
Yeah, well, I don't got that
That's George's you don't got personal private bong
Remember the Bongs show. Yeah, now here's a really clever shot from
Our Lopez or whatever it is another window name
Start each day with a positive attitude open a new file on your computer name it near Roger send it to the recycled bin empty
Recycled bin your windows will ask you really want to get rid of any aridges firmly click yes feel better good tomorrow
We'll do George
Is what it says R are are yeah
And it's also got to and the reason I'm reading it is because there ain't nothing else right? I still got a pile here left over crap
Here's your vocabulary lesson for today the word is liquidity when you look at your investments in what your pants
liquidity
That's probably from Joe Bell sounds like his kind of sense of humor
Now what what what's your take on the fact that he hasn't even taken one moment
What I said this morning. I think they want this show to fail. I think they hate you
I'm not talking about that, but just on a personal personal
I mean send me that Jonas Brothers book for my for birthday or Christmas or whatever the hell it was
Something seriously. Oh, here's Margaret's is buying flag was never been easier. Well blow it out your ass, Margaret
Yeah, go ahead seriously. I think that
He's afraid that he would get ripped no matter what
So he chose not to that that's the biggest cop out I've heard my life
That's just my best afraid you guys that if you said like if he sent you an email or something like that
That you would call him disingenuous and a phony baloney or something
No, I would not well did I call clearance that yesterday when he sent me those two text messages
Even though I know damn well at it so disingenuous and phony that's my theory. It's best I can come up with eight much
That's all I got he doesn't care. Don't you understand? Yeah, he hates me like poison and probably you too. I'm sure
Frankie says oh yeah calm Mate los nervios
Okay
What does that mean call your nerves calm Mate oh
Frankie says why are you freaking out Neil once low email day doesn't mean to the end of the world take a chill pill
I got one for you ready to do I sound like I'm freaking out to you. No. Oh
Take a chill pill if you want more volume join twitter.com people continue messages online from their cell phone via text messages
Best of all you can control who you see on your twitter page and who you don't chronics
Take a deep breath Neil tell Paco to give you a massage Paco don't give me no massage and Paco is sound asleep
You can be damn sure of that
Brian and Orlando says I've enjoyed the emails for the most part real and fake
But variety is the spice of life
If you're looking to weed out the fakes heavy a thought of doing in the erasure's page on Facebook
Well, we've already got a fake one on Facebook. I'm not getting involved anymore that the crap
We're gonna start a page on Facebook I regret bitterly deeply that whole my space experience with a couple of exceptions
Other than those two people the rest of it has been crap
Crap well maybe a half a dozen people out of 1600 that's not a good batting average
I'm not looking for any more of those inter personal all I've phony below me fake crap. Oh Facebook
At least you could see who the messages are coming from it's a lot more genuine than my space
Less anonymous than emails is Brian or landau
What would that accomplish nothing and you can create fake identities on Facebook
Most people don't they use it a little bit differently, but yeah
There's nothing stopping you from creating fake personas. Well, how do you like that
More phony baloney man, and that's what the internet is full of it's got a lot of good stuff on it
But as we were discussing before the show today, it's just a it's just a playground for the idle losers
The chat rooms the chat rooms all my other garbage
You
Fat shudders like you always say fat shudders sure
People who sit there in the dark in the dark
With their land in their hand right the son never touches their skin
Here's one that said from Tony happy anniversary to your brother you enjoy the best. Huntly briefly couldn't deliver the news any better
What does that mean couldn't deliver the news any better and they didn't do any hockey talk stay well and keep it going even if it
Or it's thanks Tony thanks Tony maybe he's talking about what we were both paper boys
Yeah, I was paper boy for the LA times
Spoke and review
Spokesman review from some what I was that was nasty too. Yep
In the winter enough early in the morning and LA is such an adventurous city the smell of death is in the air
You just know if somebody's been a mugger. I thought it was the smog
That's it too
Dear Uncle Neil. Thanks for 33 years of entertainment
Hope you have 33 plus plus more years if you like
Please keep up the great bedtime stories the email format works well. Yeah works well when people send them
It doesn't work nearly so well when people can't be bothered well. We're busy looking for oh look at this
This moron Tyson. Yeah, the family had a lot of buffers Michael Corleone
Ah only Michael Corleone didn't say yeah, the family had a lot of buffers Tyson you moron
You idiot you simple them. Oh there he goes again calling names. Yeah like Schmagegi and Schmendrick and Shlamazel
Shmuck
Like that. Yeah
Lisa says I'm sorry you feel underappreciated, but I wanted you to know that you're not alone
I had my six-year anniversary in my company yesterday and just like you I feel like I'm the only the one who cares
I think you're great in George rocks is Lisa you rock George. Thank you Lisa
She's the only one who cares about her thing and I'm the only one who cares
We had a few dozen emails out of the allegedly
Well, we got like at least a hundred listeners
Yeah, well maybe not a hundred
30 listeners. Come on morning. The numbers are coming out. That's always a very popular show
When the ratings come out. It's a trend. It's January the first to turn of the winter book
I sure betty takes care of us with her diary
Because she sounds so lost. What am I gonna put down? I put down us. Let us know if you need a massage, Betty
Why a massage you know maybe like a foot massage or something
We'll sense them. Whatever
Yeah, don't get all stressed out like me. Yeah, calm on table
Because nobody's sending any emails today and the show is all about your emails and your comments and your thoughts and your
Something, you know, just a pull alone that we're taking on there
I told George us before the show and it's true
Just a pull we're taking what's your take on the old screen email format should elicit
Right dozens of comments
Of every shape and variety positive negative in between uh, we don't care whatever something
Cornell says I have a question. How do I get one of those radio diaries?
Do I have to belong to a special club now they have to pick you out of the phone book
You would think in this age of technology everybody be able to chart the radio show their choice
Maybe one day they'll include me so I can vote Neil Neil God all day have a great one guys is well. Thanks Cornell
We'll try to get you a bogus diary a bootleg diary
So we'll see you tomorrow morning especially
I know that the people in our station are very very concerned about what's going to be happening across the street
And how badly those guys are going to do except for LeBaster who's got there. Yeah, he's got the number
And the rest of it forget about it
Can you imagine the money that could say by just shutting a bad like us at night?
Can you imagine how much cash we could save shutting the damn thing off at night?
Oh, at least eight bucks. I would say after the ad bugs shut the thing off till uh early in the morning
This is the Neil Roger show
This is your brain
Real American a-hole
We salute you mr. I step-facil reviewed to convert from analog to digital guy
Oh, yeah, I remember you you're the guy from the old neighborhood who had every zeppelin album on a track
Oh
And if I'm not mistaken
You're also the dope who was convinced that beta without less VHS and who thought video laser disc was great
Because you had to get up to flip it over at the same exact time you needed to take a leap
After February 17 the only reception you'll be getting is on your CB radio
But you don't care that just means more time to hone your skills at asterisk
I
Yep there you sit with your can of tab watching your 19 inch sannio with the pliers with a channel changer used to be
Refusing to budge just like that idiot who wouldn't move up Mount St. Helens back in 1980
So we salute you mr. I step-facil reviewed to convert from analog to digital guy your rotary phone
Your avocado colored fridge a dare and your dancing you are a real American a-hole. Oh, that's what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna go out and buy me an avocado colored refrigerator. Ooh, that sounds really spiffy and I'm gonna fill it up with all kinds of good craft
Well Greg Vudella's back and believe me trust me when I tell you this is Greg Vudella. Okay
Trust me. I'm not lifeless
Idiot despise me filed by all and and nothing going on
So when he finishes his show in um bum fork alabam or with hell is picking his nose
This is what he does. He listens online to the show and emails incessantly
Now when you hear this you're gonna I don't know what you're gonna do you may or collapse
All right should I wear a diaper or seat belt both let me strap it on
Greg Vudella says knee or you didn't take my suggestions seriously
As we all know there are too many all sports stations in the market
Why wouldn't the beesleys be interested in purchasing the struggling seven 90 the ticket
Put the combined sports talent on five sixty and change seven 90 to a news talk entertainment station
Why is this a bad idea Greg the first four hundred times? I told you was a bunch of crap
And I'm gonna tell you for the last time Greg you bug me you make me nauseous now after all these years
I understand why you think the whole world hates you because they have good reason to because you're annoying
You're annoying you don't you won't take no for an answer the answer is no
You know, it's a great idea here. Let's do it. It's a great idea
But it's not gonna happen and what time if I got to do with it?
If you're so excited about this
Why don't you call the beesleys and Naples? Why don't you call you could close personal buddy fat ass jolly joe bel and have lunch with him and to give
him a song and a dance about what he ought to do
And they'll laugh you right out of the damn lusters dying
Why is this a bad idea Greg?
There are little laughs at you see there there are people who work in radio and then there are those people who
Whose lives are about radio they're not really in radio
But they their life is all about radio my life isn't about radio is yours?
No, oh god because if your life is all about radio boy you got real tourists. I barely listen to it anymore
God the whole lot to listen to that was up 127 point all right
Oh look at this here's a couple of things oh
Put them away
Oh, here's a couple of emails. Oh, oh
This is good same old crap
But I'll read it. Oh Lawrence is back chronic Lawrence
Okay
Okay, Lawrence you know Lawrence Margoldis chronic good guy chronic. I mean really chronic
But that's okay. We need it. We need whatever we can get
Brandon wants to know and somebody's ripping Brandon while the other email
So I'll read Brandon's email before just wondering are you gonna do a couple of shows from the new studios?
No, not a couple not one not a minute not a moment
Not un momento. Why would I want to do that? Well, what what is the significance of that? I saw the Yentos would have something to talk about I guess
Oh, Paul Castron over did you mention QM is getting a new stick when you guys moving to the new studios
Paul castron over from the year pollen your young Ron show have a hectic day called a show sometime. No, I don't think so Paul
I will not call the show sometime any show. Oh, here's Leo from boy and again
Hey, Neil enough with the happy anniversary is already if you have no material just play something funny says Leo from boyton who is
Technically challenged on the internet
He has to send me two emails to tell me who it is
But that's okay Leo from boy and you've obviously got some real problems
Mike asked says how come everyone else who emails you with something you disagree with has no life but Brandon the teacher's pet
Does
Let's chop off here. I'm a contrary he may contribute more to your show
But that's because those of us with lives don't have so much time on our hands
Also it used to be that your show seemed to have fewer shorter spot breaks than the other shows and they'd we do we have a
Four-minute breaks we continue 16 minutes an hour max that's right
It's in my contract not coming in there eight minute stretches right
Did you concede some more time to spot know the breaks are four minutes start timing them my guess since you don't have so much time on your hands
Start getting the stopwatch out
Or with sales in your recent meetings as sure seems like it have Brandon time them now you time them Mike
Yeah, he's worried about how long the breaks are and he's knocking Brandon Brandon contributes to the show and just like Lorentz and some other people
They actually have something to say when they send the emails opposed to why do you do this?
So why do you do that?
back back back back back
And you wonder why despise South Florida and a very large number of people in it
I'm not saying that there aren't eight holes everywhere because ask clowns everywhere because there are you sure plenty of them here
They're plenty ask clowns that would buy but nevertheless
Florida just seems to have a preponderance
Just an unbelievable number
Brandon says just wondering are you going to do a couple of shows from the new studios?
No, I am not let me say it again no chance anyhow with so much cost cutting going on especially with newspapers
Why the hell every Saturday does the Sunset and will Spanish edition end up in my driveway for free
And the entire neighborhood that gets it too. It's been going on since I bought that house
Five years ago
How much money does it take to make these papers? Are they cutting cost if I'm not mistaken?
George talked about this a long time ago
But you don't find that really wasteful giving something to somebody does not in the first place for free on top of it
It's free on anybody's driveway, but they charge you to get from the newspaper stand. Well
It is what it is
And everybody in the world knows what it is the Sunsendle
Yeah, oh
Yeah
You know, we're guy I fear that we're gonna live to see the day that newspapers are pretty much gonna be a thing of the past don't fear it
I can't wait
When you're just not a newspaper reader no, I don't want my fingers all blackened
That's a good point you can read anything that's all I have to go and get that soggy like when it rains
You know they got the paper in the plastic yeah, and it's full with rainwater
You know and it weighs about 18 pounds
Not anymore though it's about an ounce one point eight ounces
The newspapers really light
Because they're saving
They're saving they know that nobody just like our show nobody cares. They don't care about the newspapers. They don't care about us
The fake dogs says that thug was an a hole
You and Georgia the greatest so see here time to get a life and quit messing up. I think the fake Doug
Oh, and he's got a joke a long long
Ponderous joke, please don't send me jokes. I mean you go ahead and do it
If you have no material just play something funny Leo from pointin
Yeah, how about we just say Leo from pointin for four hours. That's funny
932 votes on the pool
What's your take on the old current email format which we ought to be getting thousands of emails about that
I mean, is that something people ought to have an opinion about yeah
But they don't it's like the pool building. Oh, I got one for the pool, you know hit and run hit and run with two words
The Everly Brothers
So I was having dinner at the willows in the woodbine last night since I get to eat it for free and believe me
That's all to worth all the desserts even though I should need them are just awesome the rest of the food is crap
What'd you have for dessert? Oh?
I don't know some kind of chocolate cake with some chocolate putting on top of it chocolate
Not putting but what do you call that like frosting?
No, like no stuff, huh like a moose like a chocolate nail like that
Hmm and a whole bunch of stuff they got great desserts awesome boy if I weren't diabetic
I would just go in there and eat all day just a dessert and
And they they have like um
Like in what you call what's the name of the place the restaurant where the hard rock
Johnny Rockets
Like the the jukebox, you know
Yeah, they have the jukebox playing in the background all the time on the PA it would buy
And it's all 50s and 60s stuff for the most part and the Everly Brothers they play the same like 50 songs over and over again on that thing
The Everly Brothers were singing to my very favorites and I was thinking to myself. I was wondering
I wonder if Don what yeah
I was wondering I've wondered this ever since I was a young man
If Don or fill Everly had the most manly penis
Somebody might know that yeah somebody out there may know the guys
Dave Johnson and Bill Finley will be hosting a 30-minute show on Sirius Channel 12 and 2 called Nyerudnao
Covering Aqua Duck Belmont and Sirotoga they being March 7th 12 30 to 1 the show will offer race handy camping
Interviews with trainers and jockeys and live races
I love the Friday Gulf Gym segment is I'm racing junky also keep plunging and happy 33rd
So Steve the favorites lose 70% of the races in hell there. That's right
When in doubt throw the truck out
Although we did have an all-truck double on last Friday, but that's okay
Want a couple of bucks. There's Garden Brown with his
Constructed crap
I guess in Congress now that's getting a standing ovation
Is this love those grits
You will allow me to sing that out for special mention today
One of your most distinguished senators
Knowed in every continent and a great friend
Thank him know that island today is at peace
More Americans have health care
Children around the world are going to school and for all those things
We owe a great debt to the life and courage of Senator Edward Caleday
So I take
What a hard animation for Teddy
Aren't you moved aren't you like really emotional I got it here
Fred Soudres is happy related 33rd anniversary on here in South Florida
I remember being there at W.I.O.D. when you celebrated number 20 and someone brought in a humontouch the size of Ursula and Bosas those are the days yeah, they were Fred
I
Anyway, the Mark Hockman who emails you is obviously a fake the real one is a busy family man
Wouldn't have time for such things I used to work with him at WVU and back in the day when he used to a host the
Rapathon hip-hop show
Finally, here's a story that may be suitable for your website. I found it on the website of our
Local yoke old newspaper the gamesville son
14-year-old cop and positive drove police car. He didn't arrest
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Well, I'll save that in my command real handy or not
Do you
Do you have to take your daughters to see the new Jonas Brothers movie?
You need the Jonas Brothers movie survival kit each survival kit comes with a sleep mask
So you don't have to watch earplugs so you don't have to hear and a sign I'd capsule just in case the mask and plugs don't work
Oh my god the Jonas Brothers the Jonas Brothers movie survival kit you can make it the film is only 76 minutes long
Me those earplugs the Jonas Brothers and the side-eye
The Jonas Brothers 3D concert experience survival kit gets too late for me save yourselves
1118 I think we ought to play that like three four times an hour
All right, that's one of the best things they've come up with in a long time absolutely next to those crisp Matthews
Right, I wonder if this is there a new Chris Matthews one on here. Oh geez. I would have blown by those if that's all right go ahead what go ahead go ahead
Now there's not a new um Chris Matthews went on here. I don't see one
Nadia Suleiman porn on Ripley
Unrippling or consider is legalizing pot
Unripply
Obama's tax cut over with octograms. I don't see any new Chris Matthews
Unfortunately, oh well
Lauren says Ray the Lacka congratulations for the anniversary from the South Florida audience
That kind of message is a positive and nice thing to do so much of your audience who chooses to email or call you rebels in negativity
No
If there's a swipe to take it you they'll do it in the heartbeat whether they're serious or it's their weak attempt at stick who knows
But sending a positive message to you is not any fun for them
It doesn't elicit the same type of response from you which gives them their jollies
Especially if they can also take a swipe of George
They must really like it when it appears that you and George are with odds with each other
That must really get their hearts of thumpin. Yeah, they're thumpin something. I'll write there. They're parts of thumpin
Frankly, I would have been surprised to fake this and fake that congratulated you for the 33 years
Yeah, even the fake Larry King didn't they congratulate me on my anniversary. I don't like that. Oh, no
The real one
The fake Larry King never said congrats you fat faggot
As for taking the emails. I know I've become something of a chronic Lauren says
But if you never read my emails, I'd survive nicely
I've actually got a life that I pursue every day as for the other emails
I think most of the audience have prefer real emails that contribute positively to the show
since there isn't usually much of that oh
How perceptive I suppose some emails are better than none at all anything's better than the calls
Oh see I told you I like Lawrence anything's better than the calls to which I would say
Hey man, howl-luya I can write on
I'm your friend. Oh, I got a thing about him too
Really like his address. No, no, I got a thing from Barry, you know bib bib bib bib bib
No, he's part of the
entourage
Regarding pro-zac Ron
I think I'm gonna move that up. Although here's one from Mike
I can't read Mike and his last name all too fast because his last name fake is hunts. I
said
Our putting the dots together. Yeah, we're real real clever the bingies together
Why do you care so much of some corporate guy sends you a happy anniversary email you get your check every week
That's all you should care about you're starting to become a bitchy old guy just like the people in South Florida
You hate so much butchop you homo you homo you fair. Okay. I don't care screw Joe Bell
I here's one that's gonna make you cry
Let me get my hanky
Regarding pro-zac Ron hello from Barry
Pro-zac Ron has been spotted at best buy and dropped some of his star track figures. He always does carry them
I wonder his George ever tried to reason with pro-zac Ron or be his friend didn't we got this before?
Yeah, like a couple weeks ago or something. I don't know. It's March 4th. It's 11 o'clock this morning
We had brought out to tag you four o'clock this morning the answers yes
But he loves McDonald's and loves his phone always on 24-7 if you want to meet pro-zac Ron
He'll be at Lester's diner on stay road 84 on Thursday night and he loves Neil because he's his hero
What did you think of his homemade shirt of WQM advertising of you?
We all think he's funny and should have his I'm your friend show
He might be successful and make millions and write a book that would be cool
George it seems like you could be a friend to pro-zac Ron
He's got a lot of resources and could benefit your show. Yeah, give him a chance
He said some all day waiting for you to let let him call them on the show
Remember hold those calls pro-zac Ron's calling he he he he he oh
His uncle else is hello and loves your show. It's as George's B-O-A-R-I-N-G boring
Not as boring as Gordon Brown need of help and hope oh my god
I think he's gonna take a dump in his fans any second Gordon Brown you know all these years of holding it in
Sign Berry it says sign berry
Regarding pro-zac Ron. I'm your friend. I'm your friend. I'm your friend
Now that's great radio
And I've also convinced that the fake joy rentals is the real Greg Budelle
Because there seems to be a confluence of their emailing
always seems very coincidental
Not that they email simultaneously on what you know what I'm saying mm-hmm
So the fake joy rentals is the obsessive real Greg Budelle. What do you think? What do you think of that idea? I think it blows
I think you're annoying Greg. I think that everybody in the world hates you for good reason
You're a hateable guy
Fake joy says I enjoy the horse raising talk both thoroughbred and harness
This has been missing from wqm ever since eddk and hank left have you ever thought of giving
Either
My it's chopped off
Each week do a horse racing segment and we do a horse racing segment every Friday from a Gulfstream perhaps they can give Gulfstream pick on Fridays
What do you think?
Perhaps they could give the Gulfstream pick on Fridays. What do you think what do you understand that is this?
I was hoping to go here at least by some human by some subhuman
Perhaps they could give the Gulfstream pick on Fridays, which is what we do at 145 every Friday right
And we get the $50 win ticket for some lucky listener. I still have no idea how they picked them on the pick-up pony contest from the wqm website
And
Been doing remarkably well four winners in six weeks and a second and a mediocre fourth dr. Uga Buga
He's still running by the way dr. Uga Buga
What do you laugh at that name is funny sorry uga Buga yeah uggles Bougles Mcdougles
Dr. Bougles uggles whatever was it was a bad name and a bad horse. Oh, here's a couple emails
Here's the fake Rick Riley
Why is it that Raphael Benitez just can't see that Lucas isn't fit to wear the shirt. Why?
What what is that all about?
I don't know is that some sports craft?
I have no idea what he's talking about
You're the sports expert. Yeah, that's what it means
Oh, here we go constructive criticism from chronic Jason. All right from Chester copper pot
Somebody emailed me though they told me who that is Chester copper pop. I think it's it's in my pile somewhere
Way way down there deep it's way down there deep
Maybe in somebody's recommend yeah deep
You know Chester copper pot not personally though while I'm printing out the constructive criticism from Jason
Now they're starting to come in make him as negative as you want as hostile as you want
We like it we're massacres. That's why we're here
Neil
God hi my name is Bobby Gendel. Well not really but I am the new hope the rail sunshine for the republic
And parties next candidate to the city did you know Americans can do anything like take a bath
That's why my parents migrated here from India
Americans can also make tasty candy much like the candy we sold in our family mini market
We had many chocolatey treats and Johnny rancher with realistic watermelon flavor
I appreciate the president offering my state of Louisiana billions of dollars, but I'm afraid I must refuse
I cannot accept money that has democrat cooties
Besides here in America we can do anything
That's why I changed my name from Puyo's I did not like being called Puyo's Ki as a child
Then one day I watched the Brady bunch on color television and fell in lust with Bobby Brady
I thought about it for a while
But couldn't rapidly go myself by the Brady if he had a gay father
So I wasn't totally convinced until I saw Bobby
Oh, so now I may still be by Ushed and out but I be slow about my movement thanking you please calling me Bobby
Thank you my friend
Bobby Sherman. Oh my god. I'd I'd
Pushed him out of my mind all together
Bobby Sherman maybe that's why we're such a good mood these days
Remember Bobby Sherman sure could he sing or what? Oh my god. He was almost as good as Fabian
I think your dance I sublight
Stephen Kendall says I've been listening to your program for 20 years now
How could anyone complain how anyone could complain about his ridiculous?
I've laughed myself to tears and more than one occasion and still do it with times
Yeah, this show brings me to tears most days Steve
How you've survived on the year considering the various to show his implementation is remarkable
It's absolutely unmistakable I would say
Or maybe even
I especially like you're continued unveiling of the evils of organized religion
We non-believers need to get there off their ass isn't assert ourselves as you've done for all these years
I personally thank you for that
That's enough compliments. I'm after all the South Floridian who loves to spew vitriol
I'd like to say I'm tired of people's incessant need to view themselves as victims life after all is amazing
Besides what's the alternative?
I love the email format. It gives a certain anonymity while from time to time
Actually come up with something funny theoretically happy forums this Steve
and Kendall
Wow how it's choked up about that one
Okay, we're so sweet
Fresca
Diet like fresca I do I don't like it all it's refreshing and it is mild
Bill from Plantations says happy be late at 33rd
Thank you for the many years of great radio. I'm a lawyer listening since the Zeta days
Would you please play the Obanick song from BB? What's the Obanick song?
I don't know
The Ibanex maybe
Ibanex graduate Ibanex
Oh the Ibanex song now we're talking
And I did my I did my part. I reminded the Paco about the dentist to 245 see that and I get that email yesterday
Oh, this is what your life has reduced to you have to be well. What's the big deal about that?
Nothing
Let me ask you when you have kids see I have for the first time in my life
I feel like a father a grandfather or something you know like I'm responsible for some funk
And when you have kids don't you do things like that for them? Remind them if they have a doctor appointment
A dentist appointment maybe you can take them there or whatever huh? Oh, that's right. Well, there you go
So what's the big deal about that? Oh?
Jesus, Neil. What kind of a life have you got? I got news for you. Well, you know when they would most be happy to
Switch with my life
Payday that's the day nice a month not gay day, but pay day no not gay day necessarily yeah, I don't have any of those
The the Ibanex is what they're talking all and while on the subject
Please thank the president for our cheap and diminishing 401k. Thank you mr. President as if
They're already he's been in office for a month. Well, Gordon Brown just sneezed I think the time
For a plan for tackling recession and he looks like he's got
14 pounds of elephant donganism out
Jason
Who's a regular contributor?
Neil constructive criticism
Yeah, Neil I agree with George concerning the emails
I think you need to filter them and eliminate some of the fake this and fake that
I got news for the the volume that's coming through today if I eliminate any of it
We're gonna have about a 20-minute show maybe we should just eliminate
Right there in your pants
I think Gordon Brown's gonna eliminate right there in front of congress then they've given me ace
Shmitting ovation
I vote for bedtime stories on the pulses Jason. I heard you say you don't know you
No, I heard you say you know your listeners don't want that because they don't click on the stories on your website, but I beg to differ
People don't read the stories on the website because it's too much like work
Jason if you have any idea how much work it is to go and print out all those stories from
85 different publications and then sit here and read on the air like some kind of a
Sunday school teacher for hour after it's just too much like work like you said
We'd like to be read to like little children
I really do enjoy the stories. Hope you can mix more into your broadcast
This also might result in a more enlightened emails coming on the stories you're reading
No, that'll never happen
What do you think nothing drastic a little less email reading a little more story reading well that's a possibility
What do you think George as Jason?
Keep up the good work and happy poor. I'm sure that's not spelled right. I'm not a Jew and you're right
It's not Chester copperpot aka Jason. Did he say corham?
PO you are e.m. Oh poor poor him poor him like they say to the bartender poor him now
So what do you think little less email reading a little more story reading?
How about if the story is good? You know not too long that kind of thing
But there are no good stories that are not too long as they come along. Well, we could have our staff, you know, edit them down there you go
Well, there's screening calls and writing fake emails
any martinus just drove by Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle on northean 725th. It's open again
But it look kind of dark in there. I think the old neighborhood looks kind of dark Eddie
I guess Eddie's trying to be a comedian
I don't know why everyone complains so much of the time
I've listened to you since they didn't even if you have nothing but dead air it would sound better than anything else in this market
And it probably would give better ratings
Let's try that this next book dead air
Okay, the Elijah show and then we'll just do the spots
great
And George's way more entertained than any of the sports fags always talking about this one and that one's a stud
You're talking about studs. No, that's what they do. Oh
Oh, I see the sports fags if I misspelled a much of stuff. Sorry. I did this one on palm pda
Eddie pretty good job Eddie not bad
He did it on his palm
I was that difficult no, no, not if you have good aim
Oh poor Eddie poor everybody
958 votes on our pool. I'm going for a thousand on this baby. We can do that easy
Should already have like 2000 if they really care
They just don't care anymore. They're busy trying to survive now
Right we're going through difficult times in case you they get more important things to wear than some stupid radio show
And you know what we don't hear anything about at all
No, who was supposed to make this big impact and who's talking about me all the time and this one of that one
Bob and love sponge
Don't hear anything about him
It's a good point. He was supposed to make this big we are from castor Nova all the time
And I'm sure it's really him because he's an idiot
but
Look at that the TSX is up 165 and the Canadian luni is up a penny to 78 in the third cent
That's not good go back down got to got to go down that up
Got to got to go down
Thanks to Zach trans by the way for destroying the remnants of the Joe Roe show
Uh, and that'd be a good poll who's done more to destroy the Joe Roe show clearance
Zach or stormy storm cat
That's a good idea like that one yeah
Oh, here's some of quite applause
for Gordon Brown
The greatest gift of all children to go into school
Yeah, all those British children be told about a pile of crap all that world
You think it's in all the millions and billions of pounds that are being wasted every year for a bunch of
Constipated old brits or really about Germans anyway the Baton birds
boy
Silly ass brits
If you could see the way that they behave in Amsterdam and I just them
I'm not saying that there aren't a lot of other people that get stoned at a kufi or drunk
But I mean the brits on the weekends you wouldn't believe it
Hmm loud obnoxious not just drunk, but stupid drunk, you know, I mean oh yeah
960 votes. What's your take on Neil's current email format? What's your take? Come on have an opinion say something
Say something for once in your life get off your ass. We're giving you a chance. Who else gives you a chance in your pants
960 votes. It's okay 298. I want the callers 194. I'm your friend
I love it big improvement 157 WTF what the f 156 I want the bedtime stories 110
I hated it sucks only 45 only 4.6% out of almost a thousand votes say they hated it sucks
Even though George has been encouraging them to vote for that. Yeah, that's me
Because George hates it
You know, I'm really surprised. I'm shocked you know what I said
What did you say you don't like the fake guy this one and the fake that one right the chronic well
Well, how many of those have we had today the fake joy Reynolds? I don't know hard and then the fake time jico actually signed the fake time jico which I respect that
Don't you respect it a little bit?
Complaints critiques and life instruction keep it coming
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station
You
Man
I took a call so he bonics
They say the future being right for me now again gets no job
Because I don't got no literacy
I's talking like an old Negro
He bonics thought they how this way now I can't do nothing
But my heritage say that's okay
Change my name to shoot roll drive a do Senacota in a Cadillac
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside
The building their bar ride the blues about poverty
Why there was got snow job for the entire
Thought it by mixing chip by not the chains now
Got you to go in sell mo crack old game crack old game crack old game crack old game crack old game crack old game crack old game
You
Learning what a bar is song
Bebana snakes this sounds funny got nothing to do with literacy now I got to make more money
Playful sounds good to me. I got plenty of nothing
You bonnet thing getting me anywhere maybe I was looking old white bitch
Still a bus and pull her hair then I gonna take some money
By a cereal and a fridge of dad
I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the building their bar ride the blues
That father deepife Dennis got Snow Child Bobby. And
The chase time
God's to go in sale mo crack old
I bet you that's the one.
12 minutes to noon and 560 WQ.
I'm not sure if that's the one.
That's the good one anyway.
So, well PR Ralph, your close personal buddy,
he has since been a CNN and it's best.
A U.S. airline is now selling penis on flights
and anchor woman is declared.
All right.
The slip-up happened on CNN when anchor woman Zane Vergie
was reporting about Northwest Airlines
now selling peanuts on flights.
Vergie mentioned the word penis three times
instead of peanuts.
Northwest began serving penis this month
as its merger partner Atlanta-based Delta Airlines
is done for years, Vergie said.
Well, I'm flying Northwest.
George is the top penis producing state
in the country, she said.
The footage has been uploaded to YouTube and to you
Q in many different versions has become a
internet sensation with more than 700,000 views today.
Perhaps the caption at the bottom of the screen
distracted her, it declared nuts on Northwest flights.
Like that.
I've heard a truck nuts, but yeah, plain nuts.
Yeah, there's plain in this penis.
Plain nuts in this fancy nuts.
Wow.
Northwest is serving penis.
I'm belching a little bit from that penis.
No.
From that beverage.
Oh, from that fresca.
Fresca.
You little frisky when you drink too much fresca.
Squidman says happy related anniversary to you
and George for hanging in there.
I want to ask you about or have you heard about
expressbet.com.
Gullstream has him as a company,
you can bet through the races of Gullstream.
Have you tried it?
Please let me know.
PS.
Do do do do do.
I don't know nothing about it.
I don't bet horses.
I helped George betting on that.
Friday when he's out there and we help
do the handicrapping for the Friday.
Pick the pony thing, but other than that, that's it.
So I don't know nothing about expressbet.com.
I don't know how it works, what it's all about.
Somebody I'm sure will send us some information or not.
Maybe the fake joy Reynolds AKA Greg Budell.
Maybe the fake, what is it?
Who do we have on the night at Kaplan?
Rooster Cogburn?
Yeah, that one.
Rooster, Ashmen.
We need to start getting like,
haven't heard from that product today.
It's early yet.
Oh, yeah, not even noon yet.
Jerry says, I'd switch places with you in a minute.
You work from home, you make a decent living
and you get to rip the people assigned the checks
and ask every day, not bad.
Yeah, what's not to like?
Got my nice Corvette here, the weather's starting to,
we got no snow, we got no ice, we got no,
nothing no sleep.
Hey, all that's gone.
And once it's gone, hopefully it ain't coming back
and the sun is shining, beautiful.
Gonna be all the way up to like 32 today.
What's not to like?
Don in homesteads,
his happy belated anniversary, you and George are great.
I'm a loyal female listener since the early 80s.
As a traveling teacher, I'm in and out of the car all day.
So I listen in bits and pieces.
You guys never fail to make me smile.
Thanks, I'm eligible to be tearing about 14 years
so you have to keep working until then.
Ha, ha, ha, right, I'm 80.
Sounds like a plan.
I couldn't do what I do without you.
By the way, if you think the business sisters,
Joe Bell and Joyce are paying in the ass,
you should try working for the school board and the MCPS.
They do, the day they do something that makes sense,
I'll kiss Limbaugh's fat ugly butt,
the day they do something that makes sense.
Yeah, the same thing in our operation.
The day they do something that makes sense,
we'll probably have a fart attack.
PSL, George, I always listen when you're on vacation,
if I had to do it all over again,
I would definitely rethink the marriage family thing.
Oi, they make me crazy too.
Well, thanks, Donna.
Now marriage is not for everybody, especially the old fag.
You fairy.
Brandon is back again.
Wow, he's gonna start getting criticized
by some of these chimiancals out there.
First though, Marlois says,
I like your email format, you read all the letters,
you don't waste your time on hold for George,
waiting for George to answer.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Oh, I see, in other words,
you don't waste your time if you call in.
Okay.
Then he asks, did you hear from the real Eric King
on your anniversary, not even the fake one,
much less the real one?
Nobody cares about such stuff, okay?
Birthdays, big deal.
So, anniversaries, we don't care.
We could care, but we don't wanna.
Bane.
So Brandon says, see, I will admit,
I have moments where I can be chronic.
But I find it funny that I usually might write one
or two emails a day,
and it takes all of five minutes tops to write the email,
yet I don't have a life and I'm a teacher's pet question mark.
Okay, fine, you can have that shot.
But lately, I don't see anybody else
submitting something to the show with some content other than
ba, ba, ba, and an occasional.
Do-do-do-do-do.
One of those, he's right.
Good point, Brandon, he's spot on.
Mm-hmm.
Spot on.
Never get a spot on it.
Just this morning.
Just this morning.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
I mean, I don't mind if you wanna say just this morning.
Go ahead.
Go ahead, go ahead.
Well, it's better than thinking of something new.
Go ahead.
It's better than what?
Thinking of something new every time.
Yeah, that's true.
Good point.
Let me see if there's anything new in the setting.
Fred Souther sent me that story about the kid,
Ella, I'll stick that down in my pile somewhere.
Probably need it tomorrow.
Because like we've discussed early in the show today,
the emails, well, they're busy.
They're like I said, pounding the payment.
Oh, look at that.
Now there's a whole bunch of them.
What's QAM doing?
The mole says it must have been a mistake,
but I heard a thing on QAM promoting your show today.
I mean, it was actually on the air outside the hours
of your show.
That must be a mistake.
Why would they promote the best show,
or at least the highest rate of show on the station?
Also, I was at Jackson's Ice Cream Place.
Yesterday I saw Fat Chris and Joe Bell
sharing a banana split.
It was so gross.
They were actually feeding each other.
Then it got worse.
Chris was leaning over to get his bike from Joe Bell's spoon.
And one of his man breasts fell out of his shirt
into the banana split.
It was nasty enough seeing the mouth of ice cream
dripping off of his pancake nipple,
but then Joe Bell grabbed the ice cream covered
flabby man boob and popped it into his mouth
and cleaned them as up with his tongue.
It took all of my might, not to puke on the floor.
Fat Chris then tossed the cherry from the banana split
into his mouth and tied a knot in the stem with his mouth.
As he did that, he winked at Joe Bell.
I immediately ran out of Jackson's and sped away.
I couldn't handle it.
PS George Rocks went to he and fleece
started doing two to four, asks the mole.
Well, that's him.
When you got in fleece, you're going to start doing two to four.
Oh, yeah, hold your breath.
What he replaces Joe Bell, I imagine.
When who replaces Joe Bell, fleece?
Lee, yeah.
Take it over everybody's job.
Yeah, he is.
He's, I'd watch out.
He's a back stammer.
That's all right.
Like clearance.
That's what the dust of this morning said.
He'll never get over the fact that clearance stabbed him
in the back.
And that what he said?
Yeah, he said it.
I'm just going to start making a bunch of stuff up.
I'm going to start with saying, I'm going to stick it up.
Speaking of Joe, Rick says happy anniversary.
What the hell happened to the Joe Rocho?
Is that crant?
The reason it's gone downhill?
No, Zach, a spy for Sid the kid.
No, I hate to admit it.
It says, but I listen to default on 640 until you come on at 10.
There needs to be an intervention done on the Joe Rocho.
Can it be saved?
I would hate to see Sid, the biggest name
rapper of all time take over for Joe in a rating.
That won't happen.
You hear that?
They're coming.
I hear it.
That would be a sad day and a sad comment here.
It's a state of sports talk morning radio in South Florida.
All the best you and keep on doing what you do is his Rick.
Numbers tomorrow morning, by the way, we got the trends coming out 10 o'clock
tomorrow morning, bright and early.
It'll be really special.
What are you anticipating?
Death.
Now is there going to be an overlapping, you know,
when we switch to the people meter, we're going to get like, you know,
you're asking and another.
Yeah, yeah, I'm asking right now and asking you.
So that one can compare.
I tell you, let me think about it during the break.
OK, great.
Oh, you.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
All right.
All right.
Come on, everybody.
You're looking at man.
We gonna play again.
We be flipping tricks that rise.
Look at that man.
Antiponic to be busy.
You know what you're talking about.
You take a bucket, you'll work.
Back for boy.
It wasn't some skills to make it right.
That's not a fuss.
You.
Check that what I've been kicking.
What you talking about?
You haven't done a no-touch.
Show that.
Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus.
I'm gonna burn it back for pizza.
Be right for pizza.
Jesus.
Let's be you homie.
Over and homie.
Over and homie.
I'm gonna burn it back for folks.
I'm gonna be fine for folks.
Homie.
Yo.
This be Anthony.
Anthony.
Yeah, they're gonna burn it back for folks.
And see if I can burn it back for me.
I can't burn it.
Who got home?
Oh, homie.
To folks.
Oh, got it back for folks.
See if I can burn it back for folks.
Oh.
You be voting.
So, and voting, so, and voting.
And I've got the voting.
See if I can burn it back for folks.
Oh, and.
Now try it out with folks.
Pop, pop, pop, pop.
And I've got the vote.
See if I can put it.
You better look.
It's been on its day.
People.
It's been.
All the adonics all the time.
Provo two at five, 60 WQM happy.
You win.
For it's Wednesday already.
Holy moly.
Whoo.
The days and the weeks.
These are the days of our lives.
as McDonald's carry would say, like sands through the hourglass.
Here I could change the poll.
Here's the final on the email format.
Should I add like 25,000?
They don't care about the anniversary.
They don't care about the emails.
They don't care about me.
They don't care about you.
They don't care about anything.
Right.
They might care about the Dow's up 162 points.
Think they care about that?
Might be.
It's on a march back up to 7,000.
7,000.
What's your take on the email's current format?
That's our poll question.
983 voters.
It's okay.
It's 309.
Okay.
I want the callers 197.
20% want the callers back.
No, nothing.
No chance.
At least not anytime soon, unless we totally run out of email.
Even if we do run out of emails, I'm going to read the phone book.
How about if I read the yellow pages?
There you go.
They sure are on our yellow pages.
How's that sound?
Just read the fake ones.
How about I read all the chins in the phone book?
WTF, what the 159?
I love it.
Big improvement 159.
So between it's okay and I love it.
That's almost half.
I want the bedtime stories 113.
I hated it.
It sucks only 46.
4.6% hated.
Of course, no matter what I would do, they would still hate it.
You know, that's like what you have.
Oh, yeah.
Malcontent.
4.6% usually was 6%.
Now we got it down to 4.6%.
But then again, when you have a much smaller audience, you know, it's a lot tidier.
You know what I mean?
It's not easy to keep under control and keep track of.
Here's the new poll.
Got a couple of votes on there already.
Look at that.
Look, he, look, he here comes cookie.
The new poll, if I was stuck on a deserted island, the one thing I'd want to have is,
we've done that before, everyone.
Yes.
Pocket knife 2, a radio 2.
I voted for radio just as a gag, gag vote.
Oh.
Gaggot.
A five gallon jug of fresh water one.
I ain't gonna last you too long.
And none yet because we've only got five votes.
The Bible book matches my iPod, bottle of rum, heavy blanket, a mirror, a portable DVD
player, and the movie cast away, a bag of Doritos, a woman, or flashlight.
A woman.
How about Joey Jonas?
No, don't put that on there.
All right.
I will play that Jonas thing again though.
All right.
If you double derma, you have to take your daughters to see the new Jonas brothers movie.
I'm gonna play that again.
It's good.
In fact, when they come up with something good, we ought to play like every 15 minutes,
every segment, right?
Do you think?
Well, don't worry about that happening too often though because they know.
Right.
They don't.
And I noticed your buddy, Pettingill, he seems to be not totally absent, but he seemed
to be fading away.
Huh.
I'm sure none too soon, by the way.
None too soon.
He's at his moments, but not lately.
Okay.
If I don't read this story, I'm gonna be accused of you only pick on the Catholics.
I did read the original story a couple months ago.
And now here's the update.
Last month, NPR told the stories of two men who were led to the were sexually abused
as boys.
Weekend edition Sunday, March 1st.
A month after allegations of child sexual abuse surfaced in the mainstream press, the
Hacidic community in Brooklyn is taking cautious steps to confront this scandal.
Meanwhile, outsiders are tackling the issue head on.
On Sunday, status 7, we've been dove, hiking, plants to host a community wide, morning
of Chizuk support for the alleged victims of abuse.
Chizuk, I never heard of that before.
No.
I've heard of Hazar and Chinook.
I've heard of Lai, no lot of schnooks.
High kind and orthodox Jew who's largely responsible for bringing public attention to
the scandal as recruited rabbis and community leaders to speak at the event, which takes
place in Burrow Park.
The center of the Hacidic district, he represents.
Some community members believe the gesture is merely symbolic, but hiking calls the event
unprecedented.
No one has touched this subject before he says.
Yes, someone got touched.
We're telling the victims we're sorry we didn't see your pain before and we're turning
the corner.
Another development is potentially much more powerful.
The New York State Assembly recently introduced a bill to increase the age by which a person
must have been criminal or civil complaint to 28 from 23.
In addition, the House is proposing that for one year anyone can bring a complaint no
matter how long the alleged abuse occurred, how long ago.
The House has passed the legislation seven years in a row, but it always died in the
State Senate.
This year, however, several new state senators have pledged to support the bill and victims
groups of optimistic law will be changed.
Inside the community, the talk has taken more muted tones.
Pearl Angleman, mother of one of the alleged victims, Joel Angleman says everyone in
her community heard the NPR story because it was posted on the community's most popular
blog.
The story drew a huge number of online responses.
She said more than anything else I can remember.
Many people said they knew people personally who'd been abused.
She said and some said they themselves were victims of Rebys, orthodox Rebys, far
off to La Chos.
Yeah, and when it doubt, you know, when you were lost for words, just say off to La Chos.
No matter what the occasion where you are, off to La Chos.
Yeah, if you're like sitting on a public toilet, right?
There's just just scream out, off to La Chos, they'll come running and give you a hand
or something or drag you off.
The story has received attention by the local Jewish press, notably the Jewish week,
but even with the publicity generated by the NPR cover, Angleman says there's been a
deafening silence.
Her neighbors have avoided the subject whether she says largely because people in this
Hasidic community don't confront Jewish leaders because they depend on them to educate
and later arrange marriages for their children.
It's unusual to come forward.
She says it's unusual to be outspoken about issues, especially a subject that's been swept
under the rug like this and it hasn't only been swept under the rug, but there are many
people standing on the rug.
How do you like that?
How do you like to be under the rug and a bunch of people are standing on the rug like
those magic carpets like the Muslims use where they're dovening or praying.
What do they say?
What if they have a speciality for it?
What do they say?
I don't know.
Al-Aqbar?
Okay.
There's nothing even of a watering hole.
I don't know what they say.
I say, I'm a lake, am I like that?
Shalom al-Aqam?
I say, I'm a lake.
They're all the same, those semites, man.
If they just get along, they don't want them.
They're the Lord of the...
They kill each other.
Angleman notes this silence as a recipe for enabling the abuse to continue, but she believes
her son's case may have created a small fissure in the dam.
Wow!
A fissure!
That sounds like something you find in somebody's...
Rack them!
Wow!
Since the NPR story aired, the new victims group survived us for justice met and welcomed
several new people.
According to people at the meeting, one young man said he had witnessed a child being
molested in a miqva, a bathhouse a few years ago.
It was no mitzvah in the miqva.
Let me tell you.
A detective from the Brooklyn Sex Crimes unit was in attendance.
One source says it's investigating in a case and several others that have come to the
group's tip line.
They got a tip line, the orthodox.
How do you like that?
You think that's where they keep all the foreskins?
A couple of other people have come forward anonymously, so they had to say they had problems
with Abraham and Rachman.
The school teacher accused of abusing Joel Angleman.
Rachman is still teaching and school officials refused to discuss the case because they're
not going in lawsuit.
It's a lawsuit, Greg.
It's a suit.
Oh, I should write a book, not about my life or about all these years in radio, but
about QAM, these 11 or 12 years, whatever it's been.
And you notice that's what they're all excited about.
Oh, it's going to be 12 years on QAM.
I'm like, that's the highlight of my career.
It's working for the beeslees.
Oh my God.
Opsilophos.
Asked what it'll take to change the school system, Pearl Angleman responds exactly what
we're doing now, bringing awareness and attention to the situation and making schools uncomfortable
with covering up these criminals.
I'm comfortable because now they have a fear there'll be others like Joel.
Others will come forward and open up a big mouth, spill the beans.
That's what we need more of.
People with balls, people will come forward and say, opzulaka's baby, whatever that means.
Even if they don't know what it means, that was up only 136 now.
It's kind of like flopping.
Here's one from somebody, Snooki.
Every day after work I take 95 South and X and I have Jerry Road over the past couple of
years, I've noticed something interesting on that light.
There are three different bombs who beg for money and two spicks one male and one female
who sell flowers.
One of the bombs holds a sign that reads, homeless and hungry, please help.
Another bomb walks with a sign that reads, why lie I need a beer.
And the third bomb is sign reads, joke of the day, 99 cents.
I find it peculiar that after a month of watching them on my way home, the bombs make
more money than the working spicks and the beer bomb and 99 cent joke bomb make more
money than the need food bomb.
The way the economy is, I'm not considering this is a side job, what should my sign read?
Maybe you can make a pull out of this, a bomb holding a sign reading, what are you
most likely to get money for?
That's a good idea.
That's a good idea.
And what we've never done before.
We've never done a pull like that.
Oh, it's the evil fortune cookie guy since happy anniversary.
Dennis, I listen to your show all the time here at Fort Myers on the Internet, I'm sending
you a box of cookies, my cookies as a gift.
The evil fortune cookie guy, my 14 year old son has never been to an NHL game.
We've been to several of the local Everblades minor league games.
We're going to go see the penguins play the lightning last night, but didn't go because
Crosby didn't play.
He's ugly anyway, what do you want to see him for?
We're thinking about going to the Panthers, penguins game Thursday.
All the good tickets are gone now.
You think we'll find any good deals in the front of the bank Atlantic center?
Sure.
Go and, you know, scalp a couple.
Find some engines out there, scalp a couple of them too.
Get even.
Thanks and keep up the great work says Dennis.
How do you like that?
He's going to the Panthers.
All right.
Woman shot inside local Walmart, man in custody in Florida City.
We'll get to that.
Adam says, oh, wow.
I'm sick and tired of you talking about the ratings as Adam.
Well, I hate to break the news to you, Adam, but that's what this business is all about.
That's right.
Rating spots, money, and that's with like all like all businesses.
That's what it's all about.
But I'll read his whole I'll read his whole piece there.
He's sick.
I'm sick and tired of you and you're cracked.
Holy macken on.
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the
Hockey Authority Neal God.
I hate yard work.
First I have to hold the garden.
Then I have to mow the lawn.
I wish there was an easy way to do both.
Well, now there is.
Introducing the Homo, the all new gardening machine that both Hose and Mose.
Here's what people are saying about the Homo.
I used to spend hours outside in a hot sun with sweat glistening on my muscular chest
and legs.
Then I realized I need a Homo.
My husband has never spent any time inside with me.
That's when I knew he was Homo material.
The Homo can pound a trench through the mud.
Then trim your lawn and suck the clippings like you wouldn't believe.
I told my husband our neighbor was getting busy with a big old tool.
So I looked out the window and said, it's gotta be a Homo.
We never thought we'd see a Homo around here.
The Homo works great all over your property in the front yard or in the rear.
And it looks great.
Why that's one good looking Homo.
There's never been a better time to join the happy Homo crowd.
And with special factory incentives, your Homo dealer will bend over forwards to satisfy
you.
Wow.
I'm just curious enough to buy the Homo.
No, no family is complete without one.
Now there's an interesting expression.
Bend over backwards.
Yeah.
I'll bend over backwards to get the job done right for right.
What kind of an expression is that?
Well, have you ever tried to bend over backwards?
No.
Go ahead.
You'll see how tough it is.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
Fallen your ass.
A woman had to be hospitalized with a gunshot wound after a man opened a fire
at a local Walmart in Florida City.
Florida City police are still investigating what unknown man shot the woman inside the
Walmart at 33501 South Fixie Highway this morning.
Rescue crews had to airlift the victim to Jackson in unknown condition.
Authorities said the man fled the scene after he fried the weapon in a red vehicle, but
they soon caught him after just a few blocks away.
Florida City police along with Homestead police are investigating the scene.
I think anybody who shops at Walmart ought to be shot, but then again, that's just my
opinion.
Don't you?
I don't have to ask you.
Adam is pissed off.
This is the 790 shot across the mile.
OK.
This is an anticipation of tomorrow morning's ratings.
OK.
Since they know that their numbers are going to suck like they always do except in the afternoon,
since they know that they're going to be embarrassment, this is the kind of swill that
they put out.
The fake Adam says, Neil, I'm sick and tired of you talking about the ratings.
We all know that ratings are not an indication whether or not your show is good.
It's a popularity contest.
And if you and Joe Rose do well in the ratings tomorrow, this is more an indictment of your
listing audience at a true gauge of talent.
While Joe Rose is talking to high school point guards, Sid Rosenberg is interviewing the
biggest name in sports, politics, entertainment, etc.
And while you still get good ratings, you still want to live as big as mysteries while
we don't.
And closing whether you win the ratings or not, your product is shameful.
Rosenberg and Dan LaBaster would have more talent in their pinky fingers than your station
as a whole.
And this comes from a guy who used to be a big fan of yours, but talent shows and it
is clearly the talent that lies across the street, lies being the operative word.
This is definitely from a fat Josh Rosenberg or one of those people.
Josh Friedman, whatever his name is.
Right.
Josh Rosenberg.
Yeah, that's right.
Sid Friedman.
Boy, you guys are really, I mean, they must be peeing in their pants about the numbers.
We know they're going to start tomorrow for both stations, but not them.
Oh, no, the talent clearly is across the street.
Yeah, Yamama, crazy people.
They keep trying to talk themselves into something that doesn't exist.
Oh, while Sid is interviewing the most important, and everybody hates him like poison, they would
like to put him on the first grayhound bus back to New York.
They'd like to put him into I'mus's suitcase and send him back there with his stupid big
dumb mouth.
John F. Waterdale says, hello, Neil and George.
Four guys were missing.
Here's a pathetic sports whole story.
A major news source, which I will not mention as a headline about the fishing boat out
of Clearwater, where they found one guy alive.
It said, search will suspend for two NFL players, then mentioning their names and another
person who are still missing, etc.
So the only NFL guy is mad at the other person.
John, glad you're catching up.
That's right.
That's the way it works.
It reminds me of the plane crash coverage.
I used to say, no Americans were on board.
PS, I still need to ask George.
I need George to ask Joe was to remove the singing commercial.
It really hurts a lot here.
Well, we're not removing any spot.
Get right on that.
Yeah.
We're not removing any spots.
If anybody wants to give us any money, we'll take it.
We are horrors.
And especially during these difficult and trying times.
Oh, the talent clearly lies across the street.
Don't you know where?
Month after month, year after year, trend after trend, book after book, fail, fail, fail.
But keep sending us emails.
That's going to convince the world that you really, you got to hit station over there.
Hit, we'd love to first letter off of that word.
Yes.
I guess where I'm going at two o'clock.
I don't know the bathroom.
No, wood by.
There you go.
How you doing is eating poop and sleep and go to wood by.
That's right.
That's all I do.
Eat, poop, sleep, work, poop and go to wood by.
That's my life.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
Not a lot of stress.
Maybe I'll find me a good machine man or not.
Roger says congratulations on 33 years in paradise.
You make my day when I'm out of the road trying to sell a little concrete and block.
The a-holes, the ass clowns I guess he means.
But say you've changed, they're just a-holes.
I for one know I'm the same as I was 33 years ago.
I'm not the same.
We all change with what life throws at us.
Is life thrown at stuff of you?
Oh yeah, all the time I'm ducking.
In this day and time you do what you do, you must take it by.
This is chopped off.
Bitching about it isn't going to change a thing.
Take care and keep kicking ass, love you.
As for George, he isn't always my cup of tea.
Not a shot at George.
Although I live in Cooper City, I grew up in Hyaline and got over the spics years ago.
What does that mean?
He's a bigot and he hates spics and that's a shot at me.
Oh.
Well thanks for the translation.
Wow.
Got over the spics years ago.
What the hell is happening?
I mean you're not a spikish or talk about anything.
I'm not a spikish, but you're not a spikish.
I'm a very spikish.
Just having a z on the end of my name is enough for him.
Maybe a spikot.
Yeah.
Maybe he's into freeway and spikot.
Steve, the favorite flu 70% of the racist guys says express bed is good.
They have a new web interface called Express Bet Pro, which is nice and easy to use.
Also, they provide a 2% rebate on Betts daily to your account.
Access available to most tracks.
Check out, oh I don't want to know this stuff because then I'll start betting on Northfield
Downs and Windsor and oh boy.
Bad.
Dover Downs.
Maybe I'll place a bet on branding Givens.
What do you think?
You'll give it?
Yeah, you will give it.
Check out TwinSpires.com and you bet.com.
Churchill owns TwinSpires, which provides free handicapping for most tracks that you place
bets on.
Video feeds on the sites are okay and race replays are available.
Look for a signup bonus in such as bet your first $50, $50 rebate back.
Oh, I like that.
That $50 and it can be $50 back.
That's called can't lose the first bet.
Lester says good to hear you again all the time is this time it is streaming on the web
not live in my car.
Followed you daily when I lived in Florida a lot of days ago I met you in Stan Major
on a remote on university drive there.
What's Stan doing these days?
Don't know.
Don't care.
Any comment on the Randy Rhodes Hattis recently?
What's up with that?
Nova M.
Well, there's all conflicting stories.
She has problems everywhere she goes.
She's her own worst enemy.
She should kiss the microphone.
She should kiss the ground.
That she's gotten as far as she has with my act.
I mean, am I right?
Yep.
But she just seems to have a death wish and then of course there was that story about
how she ran off with some guy and he winded and dined her and took her on a ski trip
to Aspen and whatever.
Who knows?
I mean, now that Obama is safely in there, do we really?
What do we care?
I say Randy from two to four.
What do you say?
Sounds great.
When you'd like to rekindle your friendship with Agatus?
Absolutely.
And she could regalia with stories about Jim's technical or multi-colored penis.
Can't wait to be updated.
Fifty-three votes on the pool.
If I was stuck on a desert island, why doesn't say deserted island?
The one thing I'd want to have is a woman, twenty-two.
I think you ought to put Joey Jonas on there.
I want equal time.
Us fags want some equal time.
No.
Yes.
That was up on the pool, thirty-of-a-tints.
What?
We will not give it to you.
You won't?
Back of the bus, homo.
You won't put Joey Jonas on there just for me?
Oh, it's a little bonus.
Well, for you.
I'll try Joey Jonas.
Oh, you.
You're a bastard.
And now, getting even with telemarketers.
Hello.
Hi, this is a ****.
I want to regards the **** with satellite TV company.
Press one and our reps will tell you about it.
Thank you.
Please hold what we just hear.
Hi, you're interested in our promotion with ****.
Yeah, I heard that you guys got the DVR or something.
You get one of those for free with our programming packets.
How many stations is on it?
Right now, we're offering over a hundred operating channels.
I'm 94, so I like all the old stuff.
Do you guys play Andy Griffith?
Yes.
Oh, plus I've got to have Matt Locke.
That's when Andy Griffith turned into a private investigator or something.
Andy Griffith?
My uncle invented Velcro.
Did he?
No.
Do they have porn on the television stations?
porn would actually be a premium channel?
I hate to watch porn when people do it with vegetables.
That freaks me out.
That freaks me out, too.
Can I get your social service for verification purposes?
Right.
It's 704-teen-nine-teen.
Hundred-teen.
No, no, no.
Your social security number?
Oh, 11.
Teen 4,000-18.
That's too many numbers, sir.
Yeah.
Can I get your social?
When I put the fork in the electrical outlet, it welded my zipper together.
That's funny.
Do you get your social service?
Yeah, I already gave that to you, I think.
No, you didn't.
Okay.
You're just playing with me, huh?
No.
Nine-five-fourty.
So, can I get your social security number, sir?
Yeah, I just like to give people numbers.
I don't even know what they mean.
Do you have a credit or a debit card?
I'll just give you cash.
I'll read the numbers off of a $1 bill.
No, unfortunately.
I got a $5 bill.
I'll just read all the numbers off of that.
704.
You're wasting my time, sir.
I'm going to go ahead and hang up on you, okay?
How about my porn?
No.
And Andy Griffith.
That was weak.
Yes.
But it killed some good time, though.
I like that.
I'm not sure, did.
You know what I do like?
Do you have to take your daughter's...
1234.
26 to 1 at 560.
WQAEM used to be a hell of a station man years ago,
and then Joe Bell came to town with his wrecking ball.
He used to be a horse at Pombo Park called Anna Rexid,
driven by the Umsh's David Ingram.
Anna Rexid.
What a memory I got, huh?
And now Joe Bell Rexid.
The fake Jim Sarni's got a great email here.
You ready?
Strap yourself in.
All right.
And you don't like the fake emails?
In fact, the subject is fake emails.
Neil, have it from a good source inside the Lincoln Financial Building
that many of your fake emails are coming from Sid and his board op.
What a shock.
They're obsessed with your show and often discuss it during breaks in the morning.
By the way, Sid hates Joe.
Not sure why, since Sid had to borrow several thousand dollars from big daughter,
to cover gambling debts.
All right, Neil.
Take care.
I have to get over to Barry Jackass's house.
His mom is making us lunch today.
Her daughter was meatloaf for yummy the fake Jim Sarni.
That's a good email.
That's a good, actually.
Huh?
Sounds good.
What meatloaf?
Yeah.
With mushrooms on it.
Ooh.
And gravy.
Ooh, yeah.
Oh, meatloaf with shrooms and gravy.
Ooh, baby.
I haven't had that in a long time.
Maybe they'll be having that at the woodbind today.
In the willows.
The weaving horses would need.
But the desserts to die for.
You want to go?
Yeah.
Let's go right now.
Let's do the show and let's buy it.
I think that would be a real hoot.
Neil does that.
He does the show from woodbind.
And we could have like a meter on the website.
And people would see my income and the money going out.
You know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
Like the national debt.
You know how that works?
That's good.
That's okay.
I'm going to be dead pretty soon anyway.
What differences it may.
That's right.
Here's an email that says, Happy Anniversary.
First time, really, really long time.
I grew up listening to you.
I can almost remember 1976.
I'm 39.
560 was a country station.
I really missed the IOD days with you and Rick and Sudson Annamarie.
I, yes, the bill of bomb days.
Remember the bill of bomb days?
Yep.
I don't.
I moved to Nashville area three years ago.
Listen, you and George via the web.
Thanks for all these years of great entertainment.
Thanks, Bill.
He moved to the Nashville area.
Oh, my God.
Oh, sad.
Jimmy Dorsky is back.
Aren't you excited?
Okay.
He's okay.
Yes, he is.
Here's his moments.
Subject marriage in kids.
An emailer earlier mentioned that they probably wouldn't get married and have kids if they could do it all over again.
I often have the same thoughts where the past decade of my life has replaced with the lusional fantasies of wild fun and banging every woman in sight.
The sad truth is that if I were single again, I'd probably just be living in some lousy apartment where I'd sit alone playing video games downloading porn eating the Dorito crumbs off my shirt.
How's that?
Hindsight is always 2020 being single again.
Wouldn't change the fact that I'm a big worse.
Doesn't say worse.
It's a piece of paper.
I have a great wife who probably deserves better than me and I'm doing my best to raise a smart happy child who can think for himself in their religion.
What's my point?
Who the hell knows?
Take care.
That's two good ones in a row.
Let's hear it.
All right.
There's hope for this subhuman race.
PS, my homeless son would read need bailouts so I can loan you money.
Win question.
Good.
That's a good one.
Nice going to me, D.
There's a pretty good pile of crap here.
I'll move on to the two.
I don't know what you get all psychotic about.
Oh, Neil's not getting a whole bunch of emails in the beginning of the show today.
What are we going to do?
Oh, geez.
The old man's going to have to take calls today.
No, that's me.
What?
That's how it goes.
I'm not taking any calls.
Yeah, that's what it'll be.
You pick today.
You pick the year.
That was up 148 points.
There's Fred, Fred Wiecke.
They got a guy on a broad.
See, I said guy.
Tells her name Leo Leo Walker.
She does the business news on the 680 news here.
Leo Walker.
What is it?
Well, it's six with a guy's names.
That's supposed to make them more credible.
If I they got a guy's name.
That was up 151.
Says Leo Walker.
71 votes on the poll.
If you were stuck on a desert island, what one thing would you want to have?
A woman 30.
You didn't put my thing on there.
Your thing?
Joey Jonas.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't know you were serious.
Of course I'm serious.
I got to have something to vote for.
What's wrong with you?
You think I want a woman?
God.
Nang.
No comment.
Where's the coconuts?
Why don't you do this?
Why don't you go catch some fish?
Bad.
Good thing, fags don't nag.
Of course they do.
Hope I spelled it right.
Joey Jonas.
You need help spelling.
Which word?
Joey.
Jotus.
There it is.
Don't have any votes yet.
You got it right.
Nice going.
Alright.
Woman 30.
Five-Gallon Joga Freshwater 14.
Pocket Knife 9.
Book of matches 5.
The Bible 4.
Radio 4.
Vodal Run 3.
My iPod 2.
A Mirror 1.
And none for the rest of including Joey Jonas.
I'll take him.
He's all yours.
I'll wear him out.
Well, let's see.
What's a show content?
Hey, Neil.
I'm hearing Tuesday show on the archives.
And you're both at odds about content.
This is typed rapidly, obviously, with a lot of typos.
I'm hearing Tuesday show on the archives.
And you're both at odds about content.
You and me.
Me and you.
Yes.
Us.
Well, what I used to like about the show was not to expect anything.
Every show was unique and required listening to say and touch.
Why don't you do it all of it?
Polls, callers, bedtime stories, hell.
Send George on a couple of stunts with the webcam.
Yeah, that's what goes on the radio.
Well, do the pay-phone challenge.
Yeah, this should be really good on the radio webcam.
Seriously, if you mixed it up, the chronics wouldn't know what meeting you're using.
But the oral listeners would use whatever they had to contact you.
I'm using a phone now on my computer tonight.
Oh, wow.
Do you understand what that means?
No.
Mix it up.
Use it off.
Do the poll and do some stories and pick your nose.
And kiss somebody's ass or hose.
Yeah, kiss somebody's hose.
That was up 147.91.
And arrest warrant for Sudan's president.
Wanted man.
You care about all those African countries where people are starving today?
No.
I know you know.
I don't need you.
You've got to stick your spruel in it, lad.
Don't worry.
It's not going to break.
Stevie Nicks, the distinctive voice of Fleetwood Mac.
Her style is unforgettable.
Her lyrics are intelligible.
Where will you now, I'll land the land, you'll have to land.
No where will I land now.
Stevie's back with all your favorite hits on one big album.
It's Stevie Nicks.
What the hell is she saying?
Still alive, still alive, still alive, still alive, still alive.
Live, still alive, still alive.
Yes, all her classics are here.
You'll get me, Billy, and the incomparable blues.
Yeah, I love me, I love me, still alive, still alive, still alive.
I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you.
Kichitaleer Remumbled, horse terryo in audibility.
This is Stevie Nicks, of her most nebulous.
Stevie Nicks, what the hell is she saying?
Available now.
What ain't coherent records and takes?
14 to 1 and 5, 60, W.
You only got the big, oh, oh.
Come along, rock solid.
And two, don't ask me why.
Mark, longtime fans says, let me see if I get this straight.
Your show is by far the highest rated show on QAM.
Across the street, La Bastard is the highest rated on his station.
What's the common denominator you are both entertainment variety type of show?
Even though his is a sports show, it's not a pure sports show.
It's an off-beat show that talks about other issues.
With that said, wouldn't a program director try to find more of that type of talent
and provide more of that entertainment type programming as opposed to putting on ex-jocks?
And kids write out a broadcasting school on the air?
It's proven that they generally get ones and zeros in the ratings when you guys get much higher.
It seems like an old brainer.
I'm not a program director, Laway.
I did say it a holiday in Express last night.
It says Mark.
Thank you.
Yeah.
He's no PDE, but he did say it a holiday in Express.
Jay and Miami, the truth about Sid.
Jay-G at Spin Doctor.
Right.
Woo!
Wouldn't you like to see where these people are and who they are?
Yeah.
We meant be a good thing.
There wouldn't be a lot of surprises, I imagine.
No.
Be a lot of awe-a-ha.
Okay.
Yeah.
Jay and Miami says, this is what the fans of Sid Roseburg are unable to wrap around their feeble brains.
Sid is a legend in his own mind.
The way he validates this fantasy, namely, is his importance in the sports world,
is by interviewing an endless line of spot-mentches, regurgitate meaningless and insignificant stats,
and supposedly going on in the world of spots.
Oh, and by the way, he has his own version of Guilty.
His name is Andy King, and he's another member of the tribe, who has one of the whiniest voices imaginable.
Wow.
That Guilty sound seems to be really catching on, ain't it?
Oh, yeah.
That, yeah.
One thing I do not do often enough, we got all those other good ones in there,
and I just don't play them.
I wonder why that is.
You forget?
There's Guilty pants.
Yeah, like that, and that, and of course, and then again, that, well, whatever.
I don't see him on very much lately.
Let me take a look at the weekend's schedule, see if Guilty is on.
Probably the beast is on there again, because he's still back.
So Josh Clarice is engaged, I heard, is that true or what?
I don't know.
Yeah, you don't have to hang with him very much.
Not as often as I used to do.
Based at Mark Light, 12 to 1250 on Sunday before UMNC stayed baseball.
Whoa!
We love the Hurricanes.
They really blow.
Yeah, Hurricanes blow.
I don't see no Guilty on at all this weekend.
Maybe he's on the road with the Panthers or something.
I don't know.
Got Adam Cooperstein on Sunday, 9 to noon, any interest?
Who?
What?
Adam Cooperstein.
No.
We got Kevin Rogers on Saturday, 5 to 6.50.
He failed across the streets, so he's bound to fail with us.
We like that.
Failure is us.
We love it.
Let's see if we can't hire some more people who fail to got canned, you know.
Okay.
George Anson's for 22 out of your 33 years you've been here.
I've enjoyed all the good, bad, crazy, and shmitty times from on the air stuff to your personal life.
Thank you, Mr. Rogers.
One more thing.
Have you ever heard of anything about those therapeutic fish that were banned by the FDA?
Therapeutic fish?
Uh, no.
What I've heard is they put your feet in some sort of foot bath where the fish nibble on them for some sort of rehab.
Oh, well, thanks again, says George Anson.
What?
Sounds like a copper bracelet thing.
Yeah.
Oh, let the goldfish nibble on your feet.
Sounds like ear candles.
What's the canned fish nibble on your feet?
I wonder what ever happened to the canned fish lady.
No, if you remember.
Stick some paradas in that tank.
Remember the canned fish lady?
Yeah.
Long gone.
See, those were the days when we had people we actually wanted to speak to who had something to say and were friendly and likable and, you know, as opposed to...
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
Ah!
Like that.
And of course.
Rhyrond.
Hi, Rhyrond.
Of all of them, he's the most pathetic by far.
Yeah.
Duron.
That's right.
The most pathetic.
That's right.
He wins.
What?
He wins. He wins the canned fish.
Oh, yeah.
Here's a trophy.
Here's a trophy.
I mean, these pro-zac rons got an excuse.
That's right.
And the Reverend and his boyfriend.
I mean, they're, you know, this is their life.
But Duron.
Hi, Rhyrond.
I mean, does he realize what a jackass he sounds like?
What a screaming, limparasted pansy.
He doesn't care.
You've known people like this all your life.
I can swear.
The social retard that had no way of socializing on a normal level with anyone.
Did they have a fish committee?
No.
No.
You know what?
Uh-uh.
She says, just wanted to send a quick way for the very happy anniversary week.
What?
I thought you were talking about a real person.
Sorry, I didn't send this sooner.
There's no streaming internet permitted.
I worked so I have to listen to the archives and I'm behind the times.
No problem.
Also quickly wanted to mention I really enjoyed listening to George last week.
Thanks to him, discovered flight of the concords, which is hilarious.
Yes, it is.
So all the George haters out there grow up and give George a chance.
Have faith in Neil God for putting George on in his absence.
Much love.
Trish Cabivol.
Thanks, Dr. Her.
I do not know.
Yes.
Now you do.
Yeah, now that she kissed your ass.
Now, boy, yeah, I don't know.
I thought you were talking about some actual person named Trish Cabivol.
How about Ish Cabivol?
He, I know, we hang, we party.
Ish?
Yes.
Maybe he knows where you can find those fish.
What's your name?
It goes up 111 points.
It's holding its own.
Wow, look at this windows live.
You nurse say, I'll are red.
They are mando and windows.
What does that mean?
What?
Is that frog?
A Gregor windows at something.
At Tulip Vretta, they are, I don't know, it's some language I don't speak.
Oh, and sandy PR.com will keep sending me crap.
Sandy Fraser, stop wasting my time, Sandy, with crap.
Call Sandy now or email Sandy on the money.
Democratic financial.
Go away, Sandy.
You know, now that Obama got in in that glanslide.
Now all these right wing outfits are like just bombarding me with crap.
It's deleted immediately if not sooner.
They're desperate.
They're flailing.
Flailing.
That's why they've got pausa on the, waiting in the wings.
Pausa.
I think a really good ticket for them would be pausa and governor limperist.
No, Chris, yay.
That one.
Do you think?
That'd be perfect.
Charlie, Chris and Pausa.
Wow.
Wonder what ever happened with that wedding that was supposed to take place that hasn't
taken place yet even though the, she had the baby, Sarah's daughter.
Right.
She had the illegitimate child out of widow.
And they still haven't got married yet.
Who in that really hot boyfriend or hers?
You want to know what happened?
Yeah.
Shut up.
That's what happened.
Oh.
Boy, them good Christians, man, good born again.
Christian lost the election.
Believer is Bible thumpers, baby.
Screwing their brains out.
That's what they're doing.
The old in out, in out.
That's what they know the best.
When it doubted the in out, that's what the religion is like.
Just like that thing I had yesterday about the online porn in Utah.
And the more religious they claim to be, the more porn they're watching online.
Well, I guess it's not as much of a sin if you're just watching it.
Maybe not doing it.
Do you know you know, no, no lot of Mormons?
No.
They, you know, since everything's a sin to a lot of screw a lot.
Well, they chose one sin to violate and they chose the right one.
Oh, really?
If you ask me, yeah, they make it right.
No, they kick off the magic underwear when they're doing this or they.
What?
They don't have to, but sometimes maybe the magic underwear are holy.
You know what I mean?
Maybe there's a whole other roles that there are holes all over them.
I'm sure that.
Donna says happy 33 in South Florida, aka the third world.
I started to listen to you showing the summer of 82, which is when we moved down here.
I have three more days here than we're moving for good to Greensboro, North Carolina.
Seems like everybody's taken Yura, lead moving to North Carolina.
You.
Nothing could be finer than to move to North Carolina.
Or like we say here, nothing could be finer than the stayoff of Spadina.
Thanks for all your bits and advice over the years.
I'm that crazy cup fan from Boka.
This is the year, Neil.
Peace to you all listen online.
Kill the machines at Woodbine.
I'll keep trying to call till Friday.
Carry on.
Donna buzz.
Carry on buzz.
She's going to keep trying to call till Friday.
Okay.
Well, when you can ask her in the damn phone, maybe we'll get Donna on the air.
Get off you.
I just pray you quit.
I like to shave my legs, arms and buns while listening to the Neil Rogers one and two hours.
Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello.
I have the power of queer channel behind me,
peeping my home's fun wisdom over no less than five million radio stations to small towns,
inhabited by Fred Hillbilly.
And therefore, I hereby anoint myself as leader of the Republican Party.
And ruler of the universe.
And now we're this so-called stimulation packages and exactly the kind of stimulation I enjoy.
Corporate doesn't like that.
I mean, I don't like this made in America permission.
I'll let me tell you why.
If you're mentally ill enough to actually be watching my webcam, you'll see just under my firm chin
that I'm wearing the American flaglapel pin.
Now, there's nothing more patriotic, my friends, than an all-American flaglapel pin that's made in China.
So here's what I command you to do, my supplicants.
You little people on the road left with no choice but to listen only to me.
I want you to get out of your vehicle and I want you to pull down your pants.
Now let me tell you my friends.
The Liberals.
I want you to believe that the made in America provision of the is the the the the the the the the the visit.
And or.
Or a little.
Or a lightning rod.
Okay, one, one, one at five sixty WQ.
I am rush rush is he's the man.
And for the right wing for the Nazis, all he needs is a paste on mustache and lose about
a hundred pounds.
The fake Lucy Lopez writes, so what's the story with Lucy Lopez?
She doesn't appear on the show anymore now or what?
She hasn't, but not for a lack of being welcome to.
I think she's just busy.
She's busy?
A lot of people are busy.
A busy.
Happy anniversary, Neil says, the fake Lucy Lopez.
So that I found your show nine years ago as I started college.
Many days have used the Neil Roger show as my reward for completing half-days classes
or now half-days work.
Making it to my lunch hour, unless you and George almost always guarantees a smile on
my way back in to finish today.
Sometimes on my way back in I wonder how much more popular the show could be if only
QM would promote you.
What an effing shame.
You and George could truly rule the airways if only Joe Bell would get a real antenna
and give free the money he needs to promote your show correctly.
Remember that discussion on that the conference called about promotion they were going to
do this.
They were going to do trade outs with newspapers and other business.
Yeah, I remember.
I wish I could have heard your show back in the day, but I love it now and listen to
this often as possible.
I think you're great.
Please don't retire.
And if you do, leave us George.
PS Fire Norma can't.
PSS, Paco is the knob polisher.
Not for me, he ain't.
He's polishing plenty of knobs from what I hear, but then it goes with the territory.
Fish, pedicures, carpet, human feet of scaly skin.
The doctor fish are in tiny carp, nibble away at scaly feet of Virginia spas, pedicure
clients, two people send me this story.
How do you like that?
All right.
These were small fish used for pedicures, popular many places, featured on Good Morning America.
It does work, but could be unhealthy no longer legal in Florida.
Fish for feet.
Fish for feet.
Oh, and by the way, the most hysterical and just goes to show you, Mr. Smarty Pants.
Let me just refresh it one time.
The new pool here.
Joey Jonas has got five votes.
Oh, I didn't think that you'd be the only one voting.
But we don't have any little girls listening to the show.
That's where you're wrong.
Well, they might be trapped inside adult males' body.
Other than this old girls that we were trying to say.
Wow.
Joey.
I don't know.
Mmm.
If I was stuck on a deserted island, the one thing I would want to have is a woman 53,
five gallon jug of fresh water, 21 pocket knife, 14, book of matches, nine, a radio, six,
Joey Jonas is tied with a Bible, five, and a bottle of rum.
What about Joey Jonas, the Bible, and a bottle of rum?
Oh, God, that's good.
You could say a mirror for my iPod to portable DVD player and a movie cast away to heavy
blanket one bag of Doritos and flash light none.
You'd only need the flashlight if Joey hid in the dark all the time.
Or that woman.
That nameless mysterious woman.
You want to hear about the a fish?
Yeah, I do.
You're supposed to say, oh, sorry.
Go ahead.
Ready for the latest in spa pampering.
This is from ABC News.
Prepare to duck your titsies in the tank of water and let tiny carb nibble away.
Fish pedicures are creating something of a splash in the DC area where in northern Virginia
spa has been offering them for the past four months.
John Ho, who runs the Yvonne, hair, and nails along with his wife Yvonne Lee, said 5,000
people have taken the plane so far.
This is a good treatment for everyone who likes to have nice feet.
Ho is said.
He said he wanted to come up with something unique while finding replacement for pedicures
that use razors to scrape off dead skin.
The razors have fallen out of favor with state regulators because of concerns about whether
they're sanitary.
Ho was skeptical at first about the fish which are called Garat Rufa, a typically known
as Dr. Fish.
They were first used in Turkey to become popular in some Asian countries.
I'm going to open up an office.
I'm going to call myself Dr. Fish.
There you go.
And I'll hire a what's his name, Abe Vagoda to work in the orifice.
Cute.
He's still alive.
He's what?
I know that's why I said that.
I can't.
But hold out with it with driving a more modern needed for a comfortable foot bath.
And he didn't know if customers would like the idea.
I know people were a little intimidated at first.
Ho was said, but I said, let's give it a shot.
Like Robert Duval said in that work, let's give it a shot.
Tracy Roberts, 33 of Rockville, Maryland heard about on a local radio show.
She said it was the best pedicure I ever had and spread the word to friends and co-workers.
I've been an athlete all my life.
So I always had calluses on my feet.
She said, this was the first time somebody got rid of my calluses completely.
She be saying first time customer, Kainene Reese, 32 of Washington, described the tingling sensation
created by the toothless fish.
It kind of feels like your foot's asleep.
She said it's a toothless fish.
Indeed.
The fish don't do the job alone.
And after 15 to 30 minutes in the tank, customers get a standard pedicure made easier by the
soft skin to doctor officially behind.
He believes his is the only salon in the country to offer the treatment which cost 35 bucks
for a number of minutes.
It's chopped off and $50 for 30 minutes.
Lots of bargaining.
The sponsor got more than 1,000 fish with about 100 in each individual pedicure tank at any given time.
Dennis Arland, the pediatrist who four years ago established the International Pedicure Association,
said he'd never heard of the treatment and doubts it'll become widespread.
I think most people be afraid of it.
He said, hey, you want a bunch of fish nibbling on your feet?
Sure.
What a customer.
Her Patsy Fisher 42-a-prop and...
What?
Fish her.
Get it.
Patsy Fisher 42-a-prop and Marilyn, and she was nervous as she prepared to do her first
fish pedicure.
But her apprehension dissolved in the laughter after she put her feet in the tank and the
fish swarmed to her toes.
It's a little ticklish, actually, she said.
Maybe you ought to let him swim around your...
Raccoon.
I don't know.
Host said the hot water in which the fish derived doesn't support much plantaractquatic
life.
So they learned to feed on whatever food sources were available, including dead, flanking,
flaking skin.
You're our flanking skin.
That's like arching legs.
Arching legs.
They leave skin alone because without teeth they can't bite it off.
In addition to offering pedicures, I hope to establish a network of Dr. Fish massage
franchises and is evaluating a full body fish treatment that among other things could
treat psoriasis and other skin ailments.
Maybe I should let some fish nibble in my fingers there, although it's pretty much healed
now thanks to that mongue that I put in there.
That goop?
That goop, yeah.
He spent a whole spent a year and 40 grand getting up the pedicures up and running with
a few hiccups along the way.
State regulations make no provision for regulating fish pedicures, but the country health department,
the county health department, which does regulate pools, required the salon to switch from
a shallow communal pool that served as many as eight people to individual tanks in which
the water is changed for each customer.
Well, you don't want to have a communal pool.
That depends on who's in it with me.
Oh, the communal pool.
How about Joey Jonas?
It also presented its own problem.
At times the fish would flock to the feet of an individual with a surplus of dead skin,
leaving others with a dearth of fish, a surplus of dead skin.
That sounds gross.
There would be like guys with a surplus of foreskin.
It would sometimes be embarrassing for them, but it was also really hilarious.
Ho be saun.
Well, I wonder if Jolly Joe knows.
Ho ho ho!
You think?
That's easy.
He still didn't send me any message.
I mean, it's not that I care that.
But nothing would mean anything coming from him, but...
Maybe he sent you a message and he just didn't see it.
No, maybe he just flipped you off from down here.
No, I'm sure that.
I'm sure that goes on every day.
Let me take a look at my Yahoo.
Oh, I got a couple of...
Look at that new message.
From Marty Brown.
Don't miss the opportunity to buy a Viagra.
That's all I get.
Viagra, Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, still is.
And so, of course, South Seattle is.
What would you not...
I mean, you talk about a misnamed photo.
Why would you want it hard?
Seattle is...
Yeah.
Disar.
Margaret Browers is buying Viagra, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
professional.
Yes, screw you, honey.
Buying Viagra.
It's just... it's like an epidemic.
Okay, moving along.
Still got a pile here.
I think we can make it till two o'clock.
You think?
Oh, yeah.
Then we got those ratings coming out tomorrow.
And I'm going to tell you, I'm going to read every number.
We're going to digest them.
And we're going to like puke them out and win and doubt.
Everybody in the business listens on the day the ratings come out.
On the edge of their seats.
I wonder if any English-speaking people got diaries this time, you think?
Oh, yeah.
No.
No, probably not.
Where the hell would they find them?
No speaking English.
No say Abla English Aki.
Okay?
Paul Kavanaugh and Delray Beach writes, I guess he's an ex-radio guy, I never heard of him.
Congratulations.
I listen to your show when I can.
I want to thank you for continuing to deliver radio for what it's supposed to be,
entertaining to both the audience and the host.
Yeah, I'm entertained.
I entertain myself.
I'm amused.
However, keep in mind that my ass was finally canned out of this lousy stinkin' business
after so many it's chopped off a bunch of years and two weeks.
I don't know how many, after eight years and two weeks, 31, I can't read it.
To my memory, our paths have only crossed on two occasions.
The first was when you were doing nights, all night show for about a week at WJNO back
in 1977.
I wasn't a JNO in 1977, I was 75.
Back then you still had her and I didn't.
I remember asking Russ Morley, a real ass clown who you were because you sounded pretty good.
Morley said, don't bother, he's already fired.
The second time I'm not sure about was that you, Halloween at a Johnny's in 1993, I was
bugs bunny and you were Cinderella.
I don't think so, fella.
I sincerely hope the audience can enjoy your talents for many years to come.
If not, do what Joy Reynolds did at KBWN64 when he nailed his shoes to the program director's
door with a note that said, here, try to fill these.
R.
Yeah.
That's Joey's that fresh new comedy he's famous for.
A real pain in the ass.
Joy Reynolds.
I am that hemorrhoid.
Right.
How's Bill Marshall doing, by the way, is he still alive?
I bet.
And he working with Joey on his overnight show now at certain 72 states.
You know, I don't know.
Well, you better start digging into these things, man, because this isn't a radio show anymore.
It's a show about radio.
Right.
Because all these, you're right about that, like that last thing from Paul Kavanaugh.
I wish I knew who he was and I wish I could have read that number.
There's your buddy Bill Marshall used to read the book for Joey.
He used to engineer that fresh new comedy in IOD when the phones, I'd come in there
on a weekend and this is back when we were popular, when we were riding the wave during
the salad days.
And I'd come in to do some work in the production studio and I'd, in the production studio,
we had the matching phone, you know, with the on the earphone.
And I'd look at the lines and they were all dead every time.
Every time there was nobody on the phone, Joey.
And I think of myself, something bad's going on here.
Something bad.
Oh, you were right about that.
Something bad was in progress.
Neil Rogers.
Ah, 365, 365, 365, would where to go, what to do, how to get together and join
the team at 2AM at crack holes are us from 2AM to, hey, oh, I don't, you're not the
voices anymore.
Everybody thinks you're me.
Now join WQAM at the prostate exam center for lots of cool prizes.
Then join WQAM.
All right, don't move.
What does, just have them over.
Nice and quiet life.
What?
What a cool prizes.
Yeah, cool prizes.
All right, just take it easy.
I'll give you what I got.
Here.
What's this?
Hurricane Cozy.
I don't want no cozy.
I have my heart set on a cozy.
All right, all right, take that cozy.
Oh boy.
What else you got?
Here, floating keep up.
Season tickets to last year's Marlin Games.
A combination ball cap, bottle opener and several copies of Neil's will.
Wow.
These are in cool.
Here they are.
If you put them in a freezer.
Let's get out of here.
Yeah, I read a body.
Man.
Man.
118 and 560 WQAM.
Here's the Dave says.
My girlfriend had that foot treatment for the used gulf of fish.
Didn't remove much dead skin, but it is kosher.
Oi.
Yeah.
Oi.
Get.
Oi.
Do you have to take your daughter, Sissy, the new Jonas Brothers movie?
Well, I'm just teasing it.
Later.
What?
Later, later.
Now's up 114 points.
Oh, look at that.
They're doing a story on Dow Obsession on CNN.
The Dow has taken on a life of its own.
It's up.
It's down.
It's in.
It's down.
And America can make it's eyes off it.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money is what they're pretty.
But it bothers me because that showed me how the economy is doing.
Concerns me more because of how everybody reacts to it.
I'm concerned.
Definitely.
I'm alarmed.
Are you concerned and alarmed?
No.
I don't care.
I don't have no stock.
Schlock.
160 votes on the pool.
And Joey Jonas has got nine.
He's moving on up.
One, two, three, four.
He's fifth on the list and right behind a book of matches.
Which you'd probably like to set him on fire with it.
Joey Jonas?
I think he's already.
Baaaay!
But what about one?
No, I ain't got nothing against him.
Although, I know you don't have to.
I'd like to have.
Yeah.
I'd like to have something against him.
Yeah.
Your torso.
No, baby.
Your pelvis.
Cliff and Kendall says I just returned from wedding and Syracuse.
You're absolutely correct.
The weather is brutally cold but the people are friendly and warm.
And wanting to hear the words, please and thank you more times over my two days to New York
than I've heard in the last 12 months in Miami.
The recession doesn't seem to have hit New York as hard as Florida.
Their real estate bubble never really happened there.
And their unemployment isn't anywhere near as bad as Florida.
But why was it cold?
It adds colder and hell here too, baby.
But it's starting to warm up.
It's going to be 48, like 50, Friday and whenever.
The new H&J concourse at Miami International Airport is awesome.
And it better be awesome because it was finished three years behind schedule
and is a billion dollars over budget.
Yeah, the Hcon course, I came to there one time and that's why I decided.
Strickly for a lot of deal for me from now on.
I'm glad you like it, Cliff.
I don't.
Or Cliff lives in Kendall.
So, you know, he's not going to fly in a four-louder day, right?
I imagine.
There were so many Europeans traveling, I guess, the week dollars encouragingly.
Euro-trash to visit the US, but overall they seemed pretty nice.
Yeah, I've intermingled with some pretty nice Europeans.
One strange thing that happened during my trip was when I was stranded at the Syracuse Airport
due to the Blizzard hit the Northeast on Monday.
I was cornered by a local TV news crew.
They wanted to know if I was upset that my flight had been canceled.
When I told them I was from Miami, they were amazed.
What the heck are you doing here?
They asked.
I told them Miami may be warm, but the people are not.
Even so, I was glad to get home.
Happy 33 years, Cliff and Kendall.
What a story.
They're quite a tale, huh?
What a wicked web we weave when we practice to deceive.
Complaints, critiques, and life instruction, liposuction.
I think we've eliminated most of that for most of the day, haven't we?
Imagine?
Since I reread that masterpiece from the fake Doug.
You got a change, you're I'm going to go.
We're going to leave you.
Yeah, change your choice.
Huh?
Change your shorts.
Yeah, go get a, find a search party.
Okay, get a flash life, find a search party, and go out with him and look for a life.
God.
How do you like that?
Joey Jonas with nine votes.
No, now he's got 11.
Maybe they're creeping it.
Or maybe we just got a lot of queens out there, I don't know.
Or maybe we got some ladies who want to be stranded on a desert island with Joey Jonas,
you think so?
Or maybe the ladies would like to be, it depends on how old they are.
Right.
Maybe they like it young, you know?
Maybe some 45-year-old ladies out there would like to be stranded on island with a 19-year-old stud.
Some cool girls who could keep them busy all day, busy and happy and making squealing sounds.
Now that's the wild boar that makes the squealing sounds, isn't it, on the desert island?
I've had one before.
The pig is...
Oh Jimmy Cifalus is all whipped up for the ratings tomorrow.
I had a boy Jimmy.
Hey Jimmy.
You're fairies.
You suck.
He says we're going to give you guys another till whipping rushes as popular as ever now.
Just wait until the ppm you guys will have fractions.
Yeah, and...
And then what?
Who cares?
I would agree.
We'll probably have fractions like point three and point two.
I agree.
And why is he like hanging his tail on rush?
Is he just another rush wannabe?
They all want to hang their...
There are food tails on rushes.
What the hell?
Well, there's a lot of room back there.
Yeah, that's right.
So just line up there Jimmy.
There's a lot of guys following rushes ass.
Hey Jimmy.
You're fairies.
You're not fooling me.
Not for a second.
Oh, here's a picture of me and Matt.
Cassett.
Hi, Leah at the Gulf Stream.
Did I say hi, Leah?
Excuse me.
It's a picture they took.
He looks...
Well, it's hard to see.
It's a dark picture.
What?
Looks like fat, rich, and yours truly.
Vault-headed, Neil.
I look like an old man, you know?
I don't feel like an old man.
I don't have any aches and pains.
No.
The blood sugar is bad.
In fact, at two o'clock, I'm going with my cabbie today.
I don't feel like driving today, you know?
It'll wanna.
I don't wanna.
Really?
But at two o'clock, I'm going right over to the little market.
I'm gonna give me a Snickers bar.
One of the king size almond Snickers.
What would this one's good?
If you had the new almond Snickers, I'm sorry.
No, I'm gonna.
You haven't?
I haven't.
I love the halvings.
I love talking to the halvings.
You go nuts.
No pun intended.
You have a party and you're colon.
Matt Woodward says happy anniversary.
Ben with you since Zeta will be here till the end.
This is the end.
On another note, I ran into Kimba Bo camper
at a Starbucks in Plantation today.
He was sitting by himself with a cap on,
looking at a date book or some crap.
As I was leaving, I said, hey, Kim,
he heard what I said but didn't even look up.
I just wanted to tell him that I enjoyed his sports bar.
I guess he couldn't be bothered.
Well, then ask clown.
This is a clown, but.
How do you like that?
Wouldn't even look up.
Didn't want to interact with his followers out there
with his people.
Kimba.
Well, that's his wooden personality, you know.
PSS sent an email about Jerry Wichner
while back saying how funny the story you were telling was.
Email had to do with a purple jelly beans.
The Ho Chi Minh trail, your imitation.
It had nothing to do with gunplay.
As you were reading my email, you said.
And this would give you the kind of sense of humor
that Matt has after I mentioned the story about the gun incident
you were telling.
I just meant the story the way you told it was funny.
Not what actually took place.
My sense of humor is just fine, take a look.
Don't get the testy enough tight now, Matt.
Wow.
I know it's just a radio show and yes, I'll get a life.
And then there's a picture of me and Matt at Gulfstream.
We'll have to do another one of those deals this summer.
What do you think?
I think it's an extra one.
At this time, I wore a short sleeve shirt.
Yeah.
Well, no, I put that on here.
I don't know why.
I understand.
Happens all the time.
What do you mean by that?
When you forget where you're going sometimes.
No, but it was the middle of the summertime.
It's not like it was cold or something like that.
And you know what I mean?
I never were long sleeve shirts almost.
I only owned like three or four of them.
Well, the opposite is worse.
You could have done that.
A lot of people do that.
They go north.
They take a flight north and they forget to take a jacket.
Yeah, like the time I left my jacket down there in the wintertime.
Remember that?
Yep.
Left my jacket on the chair in my house.
I get to the airport and I thought, gee, I forgot something here.
I'm going to where it's freezing like the end of the world.
Middle of the wintertime.
I got no coat, no jacket, no nothing.
Had to take a gypsy cab driver at the gypsy limo at the airport at Pearson.
And man, was it cool?
But you know what?
I survived.
I'm still here.
Still alive.
The old Roger's got.
Do you have to take your daughter to see the new Jonas Brothers movie?
Oh, my God.
The Jonas Brothers.
You need the Jonas Brothers movie survival kit.
Each survival kit comes with a sleep mask so you don't have to watch.
You're plugged so you don't have to hear.
And the sign I'd capsule just in case the mask and plugs don't work.
Oh, my God.
The Jonas Brothers.
The Jonas Brothers movie survival kit.
You can make it.
The film is only 76 minutes long.
I need a Jonas Brothers.
You've made those earplugs.
Oh, my God.
The Jonas Brothers.
And the sign I'd.
Oh, my God.
The Jonas Brothers.
The Jonas Brothers 3D concert experienced survival kit.
It's too late for me.
Save yourselves.
Oh, man.
Now, you taking your little kid to go see that?
No.
Remember, it's the 20 year old that likes the Jonas Brothers.
He likes Joey.
Right.
And that's it.
She's going to go see it?
I doubt it.
Are there 3D glasses?
I'm sure she'll wait for it to come on cable.
How do you watch it on cable with 3-1-S-N-3D?
They've done that before, you know.
Where do you get the 3D glasses?
You can buy them.
You can order them.
I can pull them out of this basket right over here.
A tisket, a task kit.
You find some in your basket?
Mm-hmm.
Wow.
I wonder if Joey Jonas has 3D glasses in his...
Well, anyway, let's see how the poll's coming.
182 vote.
And Joey's got 12 votes.
He's a solid fifth.
Solid fifth.
Rock solid.
How bid he is.
Anyway, let's get back to Sex.
Moscow, he won the bet, but lost his life.
Police say two women bet their friends Sergei Tuganov, or is that Tuganov, that he couldn't
keep up with them during a 12-hour Sex marathon.
The prize, $4,300.
Tuganov took the bet, decided to boost his chances of winning by downing a bottle of
Viagra.
I worked, he won the wager.
But just minutes later, the 28-year-old mechanic died of a heart attack.
Moscow police said, we called emergency services, but it was too late.
There was nothing they could do, said one of the female participants who identified herself
only as Alina.
Black belt, Joan, said that.
And thank you, Black belt, whoever you are.
What a way to go.
I wonder what they did with the $4,300.
We could use it.
Yeah.
Sean says, happy anniversary, 33 is a heavy number.
Jesus was 33 when Pyle and Setem off to play on the Timber Monkey bars.
George Harrison released his album, 33 and a third when he was 33 and a 30 years old.
33 appears mysteriously on every bottle of rolling rock beer.
33 is the atomic number of arsenic.
Thanks for doing all the stretching about your bars that none of us are able to do.
Thanks for discontinuing the Luis Miguel sign-offs because every time I heard his voice, I could feel myself turning gay.
So here's to you Uncle Neil, you godless slot plunging wet-back subsidizing Brady Quinn drooling,
Corvette a pulse resorling, underwear tossing Amsterdam streetsmacking, father hating, brotherhoods ranging,
drunken head-or-date botching, foot oiling, some young guy slurping degenerate old poof.
Oh yeah, my girlfriend wishes you well too.
You should feel honored because usually she's as mean as a snake, say Sean.
Mean as a snake, how do you like that?
Maybe she's got lots of venom.
That should have been the first tip off to us about the sports crowd.
Yeah.
Pist off gets me fired up and all the venom, you know.
That's a classic.
Yeah it is.
I might actually play it.
No, I got the shirt version.
Why do I keep not finding that?
I don't know because it's under voicemail.
That's right.
Oh my god boy, it's a good thing that I, you know.
Every now and then I become a little bit coherent.
I've been listening to WKM for, um, I've got five to six years.
Yeah.
I've watched the morning show evolving everything and, um, I have a problem.
I'm taking my kids to school and thinking commercial for a word.
For the guy that curses nasty, nasty.
Oh yeah, okay, I'm not playing with them.
Well, it's not bleak all that well.
It's not that.
He says the GD, I'm pretty sure.
Oh, does he really?
I'm pretty sure I don't know.
It's been a while.
Well, let me get rid of that, okay.
Put the pot back on.
Put the pot back on.
Seth says, Daniel and George, as Mr. Mimey Memorbeer, yeah.
The senior collector of Mimey Memorbeer, we did in Floridiana in America
and one of your long time regulars.
I want to add my sincere congratulations to you all with my thanks for 33 great years.
Additionally, I wanted to let you know that you've been memorialized on the website for our newest book,
La Chiam, the history of the Jewish community of Greater Miami.
How do you like that?
All right.
An old atheist bag like me.
I'm in La Chiam.
I wonder if it says Cox a hoist under my favorite picture.
Or, Afsulophis.
Please go to SethBramsonbooks.com.
Click on the image library on the left.
Then click on click here to image library go to photo 277.
To read the caption, just click on captions at the top left.
You're the only radio person who has been included in the book.
And again, to quote the inimitable Keith Oberman with great thanks, sir, and a closing needle god.
Or, Ms. Goodwishes to you both, cordially said.
How do you like that from SethBramson?
Thank you, Seth.
I'm memorialized in La Chiam.
La Chiam, the Jewish-Bastard model talk.
Oh, wow.
Andres says happy anniversary.
Thank you for making my dig by faster for many years now.
You're the best in the busy old man.
Don't worry about those haters.
People are just jealous when you're better than them.
Keep doing your thing.
George is the best too.
Another year another tear.
If you're anniversary were on a Friday, you'd probably get more response.
Everybody is dragging ass on a Monday.
Oh, they have that must have been it.
Sure.
PS, tidy whiteies are the worst day.
Squeeze your nuts and make you sound like.
Guilty.
Says Andres.
Thanks Andres.
Boy, it's a good thing I had a whole bunch of crap left over from whenever from Monday.
I said, yeah.
Well, I'm especially today.
Today has been pretty grim and weak on that thing there, except for the 600 we got from Brandon.
And the 42 from Greg Budell.
You notice after I outed him about being the Fakes you were a Reynolds, he stopped.
That was the end.
He'll be back.
The real fake dog says I just got in the car hurting and posthus in an email claiming to be me.
Now see here.
I did not eat the pizza.
Or see that a city of the email.
I must retain my credibility with you.
So I remain the only fake dog and won't be humiliated by an imposter on the O'Rodger show.
Thanks the real fake dog.
Now see here.
Oh, that speed up my PC thing just popped up a little.
Have you done?
Uniblued.
Here's Ida.
Remember Ida?
Mm-hmm.
Ida Lopez.
Sorry, so late, but be late at happy anniversary.
Big Board meetings the last couple of days boring.
Well, thank you.
I've got to have a job.
Been listening for the past three years.
I enjoy every minute.
Just hope you can make another 27.
So I can tell my friends I've been listening for about 30, man.
Until then, keep it up.
Don't make a mess in your pants.
I love you in that manly voice.
Oh, yeah, new to George.
Thanks for reminding me this morning that George doesn't like Puerto Ricans.
Shame on you, George.
You'll think different ones.
I send you a picture.
I'm never in your show.
I've heard how many fish you would take to clean those feet.
As Ida.
It's a treat to clean your feet on the Mississippi mud.
I love your show.
Ida, how much I love Puerto Ricans.
Yeah, but you would.
If I had a sense of a real nice picture.
Yeah.
Make it as a jabourde.
I got my shoes on and my pants in my shirt.
I got a nice shirt today.
Yeah.
Button down, white, green.
How did I guess?
What?
I said green at the same time you did.
How did you know that?
I was just guessing.
It's one of my own.
I got two or three green shirts.
I got a whole bunch of, uh,
I got a lot of shirts.
You'd be proud of me.
I look almost too many today.
Not homeless.
No?
No.
No cuckoo roaches on the back of your head.
No.
No.
Let me see, no.
All right.
No kind of no mark-winzy hanging down.
You used to be a rumor about Dick Clark and Mark-winzy.
Speaking of Dick Clark, what, what, once you're going to die already?
Did you die yet?
No.
God.
That second stroke was like massive and vivid and bad, yeah.
Every new year is just like clockwork.
There is Dick.
No matter how many strokes he gets, he pops up.
Wasn't he on that last new year's eve?
I think with the Jones brothers.
I think he made a cameo or something.
I don't know if he hosts it though.
I think with the Jones brothers.
Do you have to take your daughters to see the new Jones brothers movie?
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Oh, God, Neil.
Americans.
In the next few days, I will submit a budget to Congress.
So often, we've come to view these documents as the blueprint for our future.
I see this document differently.
I see it as simply numbers on a page or a laundry list of programs.
My budget increases.
Taxes 95% for all Americans.
That is what my economic agenda is designed to do.
Spend more money and pile up more debt than ever before.
My budget causes a bankruptcy in America every 30 seconds.
And I want to pass a budget next year that ensures waste and fraud and abuse.
The government has no role in laying the foundation for our common prosperity.
Finally, we must expand high school dropout rates.
Now, let me be clear.
Let me be absolutely clear.
Children's school is hopeless.
Quit.
Thank you.
I'm right.
We're tired.
We're tired.
Thanks, Mr. Craig.
144 or 16.02 at QM.
We got through today.
Okay.
It was just fine.
Yes.
Oh, we're fine.
I tried.
Not like what you were saying in the beginning.
Oh, geez.
The old man will never make it until two o'clock.
We only have four hundred emails.
You get so panicky.
I know.
I just can't tell.
It's part about you that is so alarming.
I need more panicky.
Yeah.
Yeah, you need better drugs.
When George is out of golf,
what is that going to be, by the way?
Typically once a month.
So I assume it a month.
Like the a half of March.
I don't think they've set a date yet.
The a half part of March.
I imagine.
Mike says not sure if Georgia yourself has checked out the new feature on the QM website
for stripped down sports.
If you did you see that?
Check out the QA website.
It's got a bunch of strippers.
Not naked, of course, but if not in a nutshell,
they're our bikini clad women talking about sports and jumping around.
Not sure what demographic they think these nasty strippers are attracting
with these fake nasty bull-down fun bags, but nevertheless.
Nice job, Jolly Jo, and putting money toward the website on this effort.
You suck, Jolly Jo, this is Mike.
Well, we know that.
Still never sent me no email saying, hey, what's all this talk about?
You're 33.
Yeah, screw you, Joe.
Take care of your Wall of Football, man.
I know there ain't no football going on now, and there ain't going to be for a long time.
But take care of your Wall of Football.
Maybe Jolly Jo could go out and get a search party for those two drowned football players.
What do you think?
Especially if it costs a lot of money.
Yeah.
Send the big go out on assignment.
Oh, 27th, by the way.
27th of the March here at Gulf Stream.
Yes.
Great.
Let me think about that vacation stuff.
And now that you told me that it doesn't really make any difference,
I'm not going to worry about it.
Don't worry about it.
It all depends on if somebody really wants to get off his ass and go get his visa or not.
And go visit the USA.
That's all good, man.
You need to even tell me the date before.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, I'm going on vacation right now.
By Johnny says, I can't write to you in Georgia times I'm out working and you don't take calls.
That's right, Johnny.
We don't take calls.
How do you like that?
We didn't take any calls today.
Have a very happy anniversary.
We all love you.
Even if we don't email, says Johnny.
Thank you, Johnny.
Felicia, Felicia, Dadez, Neil.
See?
With a Zianian, Felicia, Dadez.
I don't know.
I don't know.
That's your area of expertise.
Hardly.
And for your pardon?
Only had like four years of Spanish class, you know.
Really?
Yeah.
I had three.
I had three.
Actually, I take that back.
Three years.
Wow.
One in elementary and then two in high school.
That is really.
Thank you, Blake.
Ashley says wishing you a very happy and wonderful 33rd anniversary from Fart Lauderdale.
Your daily broadcasts always make my days better.
I think the promotion department really failed on an important day to commemorate your contributions
and to put together something special to make you happy.
Thank you.
They didn't put together anything.
They didn't even like, you know, send me their worst wishes, much less anything else.
And then flee with that phony belated.
Oh, Jesus.
So with great respect, I send you my thanks right now.
I'm making my husband an atomic cake for his birthday.
Have you ever tasted one?
I don't even know what that is.
He either.
An atomic cake.
Now, wait till you hear this.
Took your advice on the advertisement of Blue Bell ice cream.
See, it wasn't an advertisement.
It was just a free plug because everybody in the brother out there was sending his email.
Oh, Blue Bell is going to be sold in public like that.
You know, we tried the homemade vanilla, which was spectacular.
I heard, never heard you say you tried any flavors.
Have you?
No, like we don't have Blue Bell here.
Maybe because there aren't any publics in Toronto.
That's right.
Maybe there's Blue Bell at the dominion.
I'll have to check it out.
Not.
I don't want no ice cream.
They got all those great desserts at the willows in the woodbine.
I'm going to have a meal there again today, I think.
I'll be thinking about this show when I'm sitting there and you think so?
I don't know.
Friday, 10, 50 degrees on Friday.
Well, all in Saturday night, by the way, turn your clocks ahead.
We go back on daylight time.
I.
Saturday night when you go to bed.
Wishing you a happy day.
Hope the station will make your day special for you.
This is Ashley.
P.S.
Listen to George when you're out there.
It's fantastic and interesting listening.
How do you like that?
Wow.
That's what Ashley says.
Thanks, mom.
10 on Friday, four tomorrow, six on Saturday and nine on Sunday.
And we turn and we go to daylight time on Sunday.
Oh, happy day.
I hate standard time.
I just wish they would just keep it the way they like.
On daylight savings time.
Right.
On your ground.
So there's jerk in a surround with the chain.
Standard time and then a winner, it gets dark like 430 in the afternoon.
That's right.
Who the hell wants that?
Not me.
God.
200 votes even on our second poll here today.
What do we do on the first one?
Who knows?
View of the previous.
Oh, 984.
So we did like, we're going to 1200 votes today between the two polls.
That's a real feather in our camp and tomorrow speaking of numbers, tomorrow we'll find out
the numbers.
All of you guys across the street that talk a big game.
Other than La Bastard, you got nothing.
Nothing.
And by the way, how come if our numbers don't mean anything?
How come his numbers mean something?
And that's interesting question, huh?
How sit me?
Sit me the kid.
Yeah.
If we do well, it doesn't mean anything.
But if La Bastard does well, oh, he's the big talk of the afternoon.
No, blah, blah, blah, yeah.
That's all he got.
There was one no Charlie.
Oh, there's that thing again with Charlie.
Uncle Charlie.
Yep.
Joseph Cotton.
Mm-hmm.
I don't think that was the right movie whoever sent that.
I guess it was.
I don't know.
You don't know?
I don't remember seeing it.
It sounds familiar, but I don't remember, you know.
Misha says, wish I could listen to all 33 years, but I'll take what I can get you're the best.
Love you.
You're a sisterless, Neurot Misha.
PS Cristiano Ronaldo still looks great.
Yes, he does.
And I wouldn't have it him hanging around on the visit.
In case Joey got worn out.
Cristiano Ronaldo, though, wow.
We could kick the old soccer ball around.
Joey Jonas says 15 votes, by the way, eat your heart out.
He's only two behind the book of matches.
He's right under a book of matches.
That's why he is really.
Hey, me.
Yeah.
That's why he's so hot.
Joey Jonas under a book of matches.
I guess if you don't smoke, you don't use books of matches.
It depends on what you want to set fire to.
Remember the old matches we used in the box.
What do they call those diamonds?
Wooden matches.
Yeah, wooden matches.
Blue diamond.
Blue diamond.
That's it.
That's right.
Very good.
Remember those?
Oh, yeah.
They still make them.
But you don't use them.
Who doesn't use them?
You use them all the time to light the oven, maybe.
Yes.
That's exactly what I like with them.
F from in Baton Roosters.
I've been listening to a huge fan since 89.
Your sustainability is so damn impressive.
It takes some serious skill to talk and be entertaining for four hours every day with us.
That's a specific topic, stand or guess.
No one else but you can pull this off.
Says, Ephraim in Baton Roosters.
Remember him?
Yes.
He's always there.
Very good.
I'm real happy for you.
Well, they're pounding on something over there.
There's certain some construction here and building it.
Good thing I'm getting out of here.
In like 48 seconds, not that I'm counting.
Jim says, been listening for about 20 plus years.
Was in the car once with my dad.
He was laughing about your story about seeing some young hot guy maybe in the melting pot at a restaurant.
And how you fell instantly in love.
Next day I told him I was gay.
Thanks for great entertaining years, Jimmy.
And that's quite a story.
That is nice.
Heard me are moaning about some hot young.
Well, you will inspired a lot of people.
I keep hearing that from people.
Really?
Over the years.
To come out of that damn closet.
To crowded there in the closet.
Come out too late for Mervin though.
Mervin.
Can you hear them banging?
I guess you can't hear it.
No.
Must be my lucky day.
I'm going to like take ten times as much money to wood buying today as usual because it's going to be my lucky day.
I'm going to plunge my guts out.
Oh, Neil!
You're a thing to Neil Rogers.
Big to bad day to witness the blue.
He do the rust-druck limba.
Outsing off the walls in a rehab room.
He do the rust-druck limba.
Limba.
The rust-druck limba.
In the rust-druck limba.
Limba.
In to the rust-druck limba.
In to the rust-druck limba.
I know from God!
I bought an Pleh no Randon.
In to the rust-druck limba.
Snippin' n...
b fresh in il recycled plastic.
In to the rust-druck limba.
Limba.
In to the rust-druck limba.
In to rust-druck limba.
He bought the rest of him, he put the rest of him in the box
To the girl candy, I had a picture in my friend's
And it picked me up, gone
Three days before he'd choose from the box
Under the rug is where the stories go in
He do the rust rug limba, damage controls
So they can fit and hold it, he do the rust rug limba
He do the rust rug limba, he do the rust rug limba
He do the rust rug limba, he do the rust rug limba
A fat eight-off Hitler in heat with the out the most ex, that's the rush
Just out of control, the honest is the best of Republican parties got to offer
Bobby Jindal, Sarah, Pellan, and out of control rush
It's big, Miami Town, here at 5'6'0 WQA
Once there was a sanitary who was caught indulging a habit
A book or all, not much different like a typical vio-compagnet
Hands off to Larry, we all thank you
For giving writers something funny to do
You're looking for guys who make you go by
Larry, crack thank you for tapping your shoe
New stories last a few days, but you refuse to go away
The Republicans are prime, I really did
It's all too loud to me, with cheeks up the heart
We all invite you to an apple art box
The neo-pron-ra, like a two-in-sert and yolk
Rackdom, Larry, take a note, crack when he's having his shoe
Game, game, game, I never have been gay
I never have been gay
Hands off to Larry, he wants to stay gay
But his own party wants him to go away
Love and new to his red heart wants you to stay
Larry, crack will spread his late towards you
You felt he wants a man to screw up, when any guy will do
Bye, bye, bye
