I think about Johnny Joe Man, he is a career killer.
A butcher.
560.
Don't waste the effort because I'm not even taking your toll.
Go ahead and call the Imperial Street.
They're going to rise.
I'm your friends.
I'm your friends.
My name is Gess or he lives.
Do it.
We represent the European Union.
Come on, crank it up.
We already got a good hit and they'll discard.
Roger, real.
I'm 560.
WQL.
Sales people are ISO.
Take off those checkered pants.
Here's a preview of the all-new season of 24.
Drop the interest rates.
Jack, I don't have the power to do that.
Drop the interest rates now.
Interest rates are controlled by...
Do it!
Ah!
I'll have to call on emergency meeting at the Federal Reserve.
Do it.
Thank you for calling the Federal Reserve.
We're experiencing extremely heavy coal volume right now.
Take it down the line.
Jack, you didn't buy any chance by a big ugly house on a tiny little lot.
You never heard full of big ugly houses on tiny little rocks, did you?
Yeah.
And you put no money down, right?
I'm guessing it was much more house than you needed.
And you knew the interest rate would go up.
They told me the value of my house would keep going up forever.
And you believe them.
I think you know what to do, Jack.
Hurts, doesn't it?
Jack, dies.
I'm really sorry, I'll show you.
24 returns on November 23rd.
On fuck.
I think I might change that poll and put a new one on there.
How come Gary Cerner's such an A-hole?
What?
Oh, I will guess that question before over the years.
At least he's taking a funny face.
Oh, at least he's consistent.
Chris isn't there.
I have an email from fat Chris.
I can't wait to hear what says nothing about the bedtime stories.
There's nothing about that at all.
So I guess I'm going to have to leave that between Cortis and the Tubby and let them work
out.
Maybe they could wrestle.
Yeah, I can just see that.
I'm not saying.
Yeah, Tubby could like sit on it.
Here's the poll result before we get to the hate mail of the day.
841 votes on yesterday's poll.
Which nuclear power or want to be?
Are you afraid it'll be the most likely to fire off the next big one?
Pakistan 268 Iran 169 Israel 129 North Korea 109 US 72 USA.
China 38 India 27 Russia 21 the UK for and France for all the British are going to do.
They become so passive except when they started that business with the Falkman Islands.
Was that Argentina?
Yes.
Las Melvinas.
Sure.
Oh, no, it's not Las Melvinas.
It's the Falkman Islands.
Well, Falk you.
Okay.
How do you like that?
That's when they got there a dander up just like when the USA invaded Grenada.
You know, like an elephant stepping on a on a ladybug.
So here's a really wonderful email.
Let me just read the email address, which I just noticed.
Leo Austin 79 at such and such 79.
Does that ring any bells 790 79?
No, across the street.
Oh, yeah.
Apologies if you received multiple copies of this email says Leo.
Hello.
I'm writing in not to complain to congratulate you for anything.
I'm simply writing in due to curiosity.
I was listening to your show on Monday when you were talking bad about your colleges.
He means colleagues, but he can't spell it.
And I realized something that you hate everyone and everything.
Oh, I hate everybody.
I'm a miserable old bastard.
I hate like scrooge.
I hate everybody like that like that.
Like you're my bitch.
You constantly Schmidt on everyone at WQM with the exception of George.
You hate all of the other hosts.
I don't hate any of them.
The only one I ever hated was the long gone.
Maybe none of them meet your gold seal of approval.
You constantly Schmidt on great guys like Geldie who are hard workers.
You mean complete is that his voice is not for radio.
And that's fine if you think that.
But how about the fact that guy makes up for it with talent?
I guess that doesn't count in your eyes.
This is either from Geldie or his boyfriend or his wife or somebody.
You hate to be go.
No, I do not.
DA and every met the how can I hate him?
Kim Joe Rose.
My question is who do you like?
I like all of those people except for DA because I never met him.
But I like him just fine.
You don't like anyone.
I like Mandage just fine.
I like to I like to Rose a lot.
He's a good guy.
It's a there's a difference between whether I like somebody or whether I like what they do on the air.
I like what the radio station has put their has turned their shows into just like what they've turned this show into.
I don't like it.
Can you imagine going to work with a guy like you?
He's all his colleagues and is constantly criticizing them.
Well, I thought you're spelling Leo is really bad for an old fart.
I won't bore you with anything else.
But just please answer this for your audience.
Who do you like?
Who?
I like Hank.
I like Eddie Kay.
Oh, they're gone.
I like to Rose.
I like to manage.
I like big old.
Personally, do I like their shows?
Not necessarily.
I don't like what clearance and the station have done to these shows.
Where we keep putting the same ponderous boring Alex Marvez and Drew Rosenstein.
And what's his name in the afternoon?
I will win back.
Oh, God.
I didn't like them last year.
I don't like them this year.
Now here comes the coop to grass.
This is this is great.
By the way, if you guys hate.
If you guys like Goldie so much, how about taking him under your wing and teaching him?
You can't teach somebody to have a voice for radio.
Okay.
I don't do operations.
I'm not related to the guy who did the surgery on most to pay.
I can't do surgery on his vocal cords and make him sound like he belongs on the radio.
He doesn't have a voice for radio.
But I guess that's something only a positive person would do so I understand.
Yeah, how come you don't take him under your wing and teach him, George?
You can't.
What a stupid line.
Take him under your wing and teach him.
It's so much easier when you just hate everything.
Take care of Neil.
I think your show is great, but sometimes you go overboard.
Well, it's great.
You got too much hate.
I'm going overboard.
Yeah.
Makes me I really don't hate any of these people.
No, you hate everybody.
You don't like anybody.
You hate everybody.
You hate your colleges.
You can't even spell colleagues.
Although the next time you wrote it on there, it came close to spelling it right.
What a goofball.
What an illiterate idiot.
But nevertheless, my feelings are hurt Leo.
And what's that 79 in your email address that couldn't be like his ins for $7.90?
Could it?
Could it?
I would think so.
One of the losers across the street still looking their wounds and rubbing their legs.
I and legs together over the horrible numbers they had in that last book.
Oh my God.
Horrible would be an understatement.
You hate everybody.
And why don't you take Gildey under your wing and like.
Yeah.
He doesn't belong on the air.
Okay, it's not complicated.
It's like Joseph Gackie.
There's another one.
I like him personally.
Just fine.
And I have I mean, it's not like I really interact with these people all that much.
I mean, George has worked on the show for a hundred years.
I don't interact with him.
Right.
We've gotten like maybe two meals together in the whole period of time, maybe three total.
Yeah, he made non-work related.
Right.
People ask me about that.
Oh, do you need to hang out?
No, we know it's different.
It's two people can pass right.
We agree on radio.
And maybe someday we'll get back into it.
But I die.
I don't know.
I don't think.
Speaking of that, here's an email that came in last night.
It says this morning, Bubba loves bunch mentioned having to talk to Bruce Beasley about
straightening out that female lawyer.
I can only assume that means you're pal Joyce.
Well, guess what, Bubba?
You're not going to straighten that bitch out.
She's going to straighten it out.
Welcome to Wonderland.
Yeah.
As you're going to be wondering what it's all about.
You straighten my brother out?
Oh, yeah.
Let me go get a crane.
Customers couldn't get a drink.
He was banging cocktail waitresses to it at a time.
Well, at least writer was a macho man anyway.
Oh, yeah.
In spite of all the other insinuations through Ross Reo.
Even if you wore those shoes.
Did he?
I never noticed his shoes.
One of the first scenes when they were in Cuba,
he's got his feet up on a chair and he's wearing these like really round-toed sensible clog looking thing.
And I thought, what are those men's shoes?
What are those things?
Lady shoes?
I don't know what they are.
Maybe he outdoored the shops.
Maybe he was out in Java.
These jelly shoes now.
We'll see him no more.
Him or Paulie a whole bunch of right.
Just stop and think of all the people I got rubbed out.
One way or the other.
They had a woman.
Frankie five angels won't see Frankie pentangely no more.
He had it coming.
He opened up his veins and took a bath.
Not necessarily in that order.
Oh, here for the pool.
Somebody says my most recurring nightmares are of elevators.
I dream of them falling or shooting out through the roof.
Sometimes the wall falls away and starts tipping.
Scars the hell out of me.
I never have nightmares about elevators,
but I do have this recurring thought that comes to mind.
And of course I have elevator in this building.
And I just every now and then have this crazy thought
that the elevator doors are going to open up and you're going to take a step out
and then realize that you're not on a floor yet.
You're like in limbo.
And you take that step out and you're just going to fall down the elevator.
Shoot again.
You ever thought of that?
No.
Do you look first when the elevator doors open?
Do you look at how do you not see that there's an elevator there?
What do you mean as opposed to a big empty dark, you know,
shaft?
What do you mean?
How do you see if there's none elevated?
I'm not talking about getting on.
I'm talking about getting off either way.
Well, I mean, if you look,
most of us when we get to the one over floor,
the door is open and you step out.
Right.
I tend to look for them.
Is there a terraformer there?
Is there a floor?
I tend to notice whether or not there's a floor in front of me.
Do you really?
I got to be a little more careful, I guess.
I guess so.
Especially my advanced age.
Stop looking up.
Look at that.
Especially because I'm such a hateful person.
Hate everybody.
Leo, what a moron you are, Leo.
See, again, it's a radio show.
It's a freaking radio show.
You don't know me.
I don't know you.
Period.
Oh, but you're such a bastard.
You hate everybody.
I don't have to apologize for anything in my life, okay?
Like Marlon Brando said, for that, I don't apologize.
But these people all know you.
They know me.
They're estures on our lives.
That's why most of your emails are full of crap.
You have nothing to say except,
ba, ba, ba, ba.
And that's one of the main reasons I don't want to be in South Florida.
It's being around a bunch of negative hospital hateful bastards.
God.
Ba, ba, ba.
Ba, ba.
I want to make that my ringtone.
Yeah.
Hey, you know something?
Maybe I can start charging for that.
Get Neil to do your roll.
Oh, yeah.
There you go.
The little website.
Web page.
Remember, I used to do like answering machine messages.
Remember the go?
Neil Rogers appropriate.
Back in the day.
Back in the day when we had like a little more positive interaction
with the audience as opposed to,
ba, ba, ba.
But you keep sending all that stuff because it makes for great radio, man.
Look at this.
New study results,
bolstered the controversial hypothesis that certain cases of obesity are contagious.
Wow.
That's right.
I think that's a crock.
You should be quarantined.
Another example of fat people making excuses.
And believe me, I know all about it.
That's what we do.
All it's, uh, it's a, uh, what's that thing that thyroid thyroid?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Brandon says it's really sad that two people like fat Chris and Josh Cortis
can't make up their mind on who's going to post the stories.
I didn't realize cutting and pasting with such a difficult task to the point
where they have to decide night and day whose turn whose turn it is next.
Well, they they they just can't finger it out.
So I guess Cortis is continuing to put them up and will for the foreseeable future.
I got fat Chris's email here in my pile.
You want to hear it?
Yeah.
Also somebody sent me an interesting thing from the internet about what is a nightmare?
Good.
What causes them and stuff like that?
Very good.
Ty's right into our pool.
A rad.
It ties in neatly and nicely.
Well, this is a long thing.
Study strengthens link between virus and weight gain.
Well, I'll put it down in my pool.
A fantasy excuses.
Oh, I have a fat thyroid.
Oh, I was related to a fat person.
No, my mama.
My mama overfed me as a child.
It's mama's fault and she's still dead.
She was chubby.
Mama.
She was always in denial, but she was fat.
You met her.
Yes.
She was fat.
She was chubby.
I've seen worse.
I mean, she wasn't gigantic.
She wasn't like the anti-money for like that.
What?
I wouldn't have called the fat police on her.
No.
She was fine.
You know, she was what she was.
And she was a pit.
She was a poor woman.
She even had a good week's worth of bowel movement.
She had been a much happier camper.
But it just didn't materialize.
I've been taking laxatives into that with a girl.
Oh, boy.
Nothing.
Yeah, that's what she would always tell me that she was taking laxatives
and she was a little girl.
Oh, wow.
And I wanted to say, well, you know what?
You're full of it.
But I didn't say that.
She was a little.
I wasn't helping, ma.
New York.
Goodbye, Bush administration.
I wish you painful your nation.
You certainly left your mark on American history
like a giant ground in a history.
We oughta kick out all your teeth.
Just like Bruce Alini,
we'll need some time to recover
from eight years of rape
by our Christians and the Aids.
It's a proud to say
that you're an MBA.
And you'll assume that there's a queue.
Ails like you,
rape our acts as wrong
with our babies.
Wreck them.
And as for how you smug white,
we're strong with all the time.
Every time you ever knew
has been completely wrong.
Whatever it is,
just color your time.
1018 at 560 WQM.
Let's take a look at that award-winning QAM schedule.
And of course, I hate all these people.
They go with the Super Bowl 2-4.
Mandage 4-630 at the Super Bowl.
630-7, it's Hurricane's warm-up.
Any interest?
No.
Seven o'clock.
It's the Akane's at North Carolina State.
Keans.
And then 930-11, it's the Beast.
Because the A was on this morning for Joe Rose,
who had to leave early to take off for Tampa.
It's a long trip, you know?
I don't get that.
I just, I don't know.
I won't be in the next few days, by the way.
Orchard.
No, I'm gonna have to drive to
get him's belt.
Kitsnir Waterloo and have lunch with Adam Oshman.
I'm sure he's good.
And that line of help.
Why don't we take Gildi under our wing and teach him?
Teach him what?
How to have a voice for radio?
How do you teach somebody that?
It's moot anyway.
Of course, this company is specializes in putting people on the year
who have a voice for anything but radio.
Lenny Martez.
Yeah.
Josie.
Gildi.
Take the mystery out of Rente call.
There you go.
There you go.
There you go.
Three-Zil-Five, eight-seven-one, three-Zil-Five-B.
That's Zarzor.
What's happening?
We're telling him!
I don't know, that's best we can't do that.
Why won't he tep' that off?
We don't want to hear the whole thing.
Jesus.
Oh God.
No.
More I play, the less we have to say.
Play it all day.
Me too.
Me too.
But, see, some of you people, again, most of the audience,
deals in personalities, not with talent, not with the...
By the way, Lenny is a really nice guy.
He is, yeah.
I met him a couple of times who was really nice to me and we had a lot of fun in right. Yeah. Yeah. It's not personal
That's the fact he don't he can't speak. Oh
Geez now he's picking on guys who can't speak like that mean something
Yeah, it probably would be a good qualification for being a broadcast only ever to be cooked the ridding with the greatest sense of
And you know who else? Yeah, yeah, exactly. So Leo even be as uptight as you want about guilty
Guilty loves it. He loves when I talk about him because at least I keep his memory alive
For a punk that's been like he was across the street and then he came back and he he's had his own show and then he went
He who knows where he is. I'm looking on the weekend. I don't see him on here and if that Chris were here
He can tell us what the deal is but he's not
Fat Chris was our liaison to the rest of the building and they took him away, you know, I'll get to his email and say okay teaser
teaser
teaser
Branden says I have to agree with you 100% on elevators
I'm absolutely terrified of elevators first of all
I'm a little claustrophobic so the fact being in a closed space especially with a bunch of other people doesn't help me
Short elevator rides maybe maybe five to ten floors I can handle but anything past that I really start to get a little panicky
And I myself also have the fear of the doors opening and there's nothing there but an open shaft. Yeah
If the elevator stopped
Oh
If the elevator stopped I might lose it completely I see yeah
Yeah, and if an elevator just stops in between we would really love this building then so when possible if they're readily available
I use the stairs if it's only maybe two or three floors. Well, I'm fat and old. I don't use the stairs
Good. I'm used to store it stairs if I'm coming back in if I'm driving back into the parking garage
Because the elevator from the parking garage back to the Amin lobby in this building slow old and slow
And if I got a p-reel bad or something like that or something even more pressing like a doose. Yes, I'll run up to stairs
Can you see me waddling up the I'd love to have video that three flights of stairs
Wow, and of course three flights is really six flights because every flight is like to yeah
But you know they split up that still branded would love this building because you know our elevators like a thrill ride
Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't trying to think of where once got stuck on an elevator here
Was it maybe I think it might have been I had been oh
Well, it's part of the ambience of old ruckily then it starts again
So what's all like business about how we're moving is that supposed to be a secret or is it?
Listen from the moment we moved into this building there have been rumors of us going to the other one apparently
It's more than a rumor now. Yeah
So it isn't supposed to be a big secret. I don't know
Because I would hate to come back to town to do a week's worth of shows down there and then drag to the wrong building
Oh, I gotta feel anymore
Somebody would have tipped you off if I doubt it
You would I doubt it they like me like a mushroom, man. I want to keep me in the dark
Keep the door in the dark
Here's a fat Chris's email. That's for real cuz we are you verified as emails
Hello, Neil emailing you this email. So hopefully it doesn't buzz your blackberry since it's a little late
It's a little after five a.m. When I'm sending this
See he's considered fat Chris. He could have sent a regular email
Then it would have to my hot meal and then it would have buzzed him. I uh
But my blackberry buzz is anyway. Oh, it's Linda Davis. She's got the cheap by aggro. Oh god
Where were you to the come from all of a sudden? What was that all about?
I don't know
I miss the show. I'm enjoying working with Jesse on this new pre-jow row show
But doesn't make up for all the fun I had on your show all the things I learned not to mention midnight to 6 a.m
hours suck but it keeps me full time with vacation and benefits. Well, that's good
I don't know if anyone has in clearance or lead told you how I got this
But the last day of the show that George was on Darryl came in after the show was over offered me this schedule
Working with Jesse and getting sound for the station
I had to think about it for a few hours
But decided for now it's best to keep a full-time schedule while I find something else to do. Oh, there you go
That that's good thinking
Well most likely be starting school in March working toward an AS and computers IT
What's an AS
Short for ASS no an associate something associate science or something
You don't know degree. I don't know. I mean BS. BS would be perfect for a few a.m
And hopefully get a job doing that four years without a raise here as much as I usually enjoy my job just doesn't cut it anymore
Without a raise are you kidding me and here he's complaining about money and he still doesn't want that money to put the stories on there
I don't get it. Oh here it is
As for the news story well I hadn't had time to read the whole thing. It's long
As for the news stories Cortis is still doing them. I guess till March because after I told you I was going to be taking it over
Cortis was never around
He was either on vacation or at kiss
But I never saw him before I was done on the show
I finally talked with him the day that of this indecency meeting and said he'll finish for these three months
Then I'll start it. Well, how come Cortis didn't tell me that you weasel you backstabbing weasel Cortis
Hope it is still cool with you. I can definitely use the extra money sure
Tell George hey hey George hey
I was hanging out for a little after that fun indecency meeting to chat with him
But he was talking with joy speech in the other lawyer
I never saw him while I was talking with Cortis back on a 560 side of the building with the hours
I'm working out only had a few hours of sleep before having to get up again and come back to this place
In other words, he likes you but you're not worth the waiting around that long. Oh, I understand
So I missed the show miss all the fun we'd have all the stupid smith that would always come up
Miss keeping the audience up to date and the great polls
Hope you and George are doing well and every tell everyone hey is for me sincerely Chris hey hey hey uh
hola back
Yo yo that hola back man. I mean oh
You talk about barking up the wrong tree
I'm just definitely not a I mean you would you would agree to this right off the bat
I'm not a hola back guy. No, maybe a hola back girl. Yeah. Oh, yeah
Oh
hola back
Was that some other surely not the surely that came by Gulfstream but I know surely you must be joking
Dear ginger finally somebody tells it like it is if you would have taken me under your wing
And taught me how to have real hair and I'm going to smith out everybody with my show. I wouldn't have been
Fired and it's all your fault love Mohawar david is
PS who did more for circumcision jf either or George PS
Doi
Not a whole series of them but just one
Doi
Nice hearing from oh
You know
What in God's name is this this Bos guy who sends me all the
Obituary's mm-hmm it sends me this long thing about some dead dog okay
Send it to Casey Casey
You know
Daisy says is there a way to do the recorded message announcements that we can put on our phones no
no
That's in the past Daisy
WQM WKIS WPOW moving
Last weekend I was listening to the beast brim on on 560 mentioned that they were moving this summer does anyone over there moving too?
Are they moving in with 940 after the flip and cheap channel sells it how do you like that
In
Period 609 sends that message
And there's a link QAM
KIS a link which you're nearly I don't pay any attention to and it's not going anywhere. Oh here go
Here it is radio info dot com
Oh, it's just the same craft he put it on this uh radio info dot com board this guy this person
Well, let's do a little investigative reporting on that
This is the beast of fat you is that me touching you are you touching me?
I can't tell where you end and I begin my skin is your skin we are one
Is that I who dealt it oh no when it wasn't me was two was not
Calvin Klein's repulsion
ah
No
Oh my god
How do you like that I like it a lot
The Uber is in raspberry sure and dingle buries
Wow Jimmy syphilis says you better get your facts straight
Why would wwwd change format to liberal talk when we are kicking ass in the ratings you're out Jimmy
It may be true the www is going to Fox ports, but no change for wwwd fat chance he says
Just like fat chance you're a wine business is going out of business. Oh, it's already done
Just swallow your pride Jimmy your swallow whatever you want you fair and um you're out you're done
Another goof fall in denial
That was down 11 points it was up 75 now it's down 11
Now it's down 10 I think what I'm going to do is just since I get accused of dealing with numbers and mailing it in I just hit her and read the
ah
stock numbers
Off the screen I go to the gambling channel read the ticker yeah
Ron says Neil when I was in my last semester in college I had a class with a professor who was a penis
In the previous year he had failed some people who were about to graduate
He gave these impossible to score well on exams and within curve the scores
I had about a 40 average in the class
It didn't know if I had passed until final grades came out
I had a job in a new location lineup before I knew that I actually graduated
For about 20 years after I got out of school I had this dream that I've been working and had my license
But I hadn't passed my last class
I would always wake up and have to convince myself that everything was okay
Always seems strange to me that it went on for so long Ron when I was a kid now used to you know
You know, I had like pneumonia and I had all the childhood stuff
measles I would have these nightmares that
I was like choking to death
Yeah, I mean, well, I know what choking death means yeah
And I think it was from all the mucus and the clogged up head and all of that and I had the sensation that and then also
when I was a kid
When I was like 13 when I was going to Hebrew school to get ready for my bar mitzvah
Because it's the Jewish thing to do
I just have these nightmares that I would go to Hebrew school and I didn't have my clothes all on
Sometimes I would be missing my shoes the naked dream is very common
Sometimes I'd be missing my pants
Uh-huh
Sometimes I would just show up there with nothing but my underwear is on at Hebrew school. I don't get that
I had that dream a lot we all have naked dreams. That's a common way really
That's what I hear maybe not all of us, but it's a very common thing. No, I forgot to put on my pants down
I mean, I could understand in my age now and of course at this stage of my life what difference would I make you know
More of a difference
It would I'd be way more embarrassed to be naked now than uh, you know when I was young
I don't mean naked, but I mean just forgetting a piece of clothing like walking although I don't think right now
I'd walk out with no shoes or something right now. No no no
No, it's sunny, but it's still a little on the chilly side. Oh don't you wish you were here at 75?
No, I do not no. I do not
I don't care if the weather is the most utopian the most perfect low humidity which of course is a joke in South Florida
Low humidity sunshine a nice gentle breeze between your knees great. Enjoy it. Not for me
Do I wish it was like many degrees warmer here? You bad of course
But guess what it will change and spring will come and the flowers will bloom and the trees will bud
Remember bud. Yeah, it was the ugly brother on flipper bud. That's right
Lawrence says I hesitate to say to this because I don't want to feed into your fears. Are you emailing your stuff?
Faxing you something if that's a you know, I mean faxing yes. Oh is it from Gary Sarner? Yes
Why is Gary Sarner such an a-hole at least he's consistent. He can't do
copy
Either he won't he's just a lazy turd is what he is. He's too busy koshering the house
God he just now there's somebody to go back to that email from Leo there's somebody I I don't want to say I hate him
But I don't uh, you know
Don't care for him you want a fan?
Go ahead and put it very diplomatic way to put it
Let's see does this make any sense? I have whatever I didn't read it
Account manager and then it's got a some name crossed out
Craig
Can you make out what that says on there? Let me look
It's crossed out. Yeah
Craig and what does it say they get what the copy? No, no where it says they come manage. You're right
Craig do we have something named Craig maybe
Gary Sarner you are an accident
Not waiting to happen you are an accident that's already happened over and over
This is a man who once upon a time seven years ago
had an account
That I was doing live reads for on the show
And it didn't say what what the sponsor was it had a name of a place
But it was uh some satellite thing or something and it didn't say what it was
Where how you get it where you call a phone number nothing it just it was just caca
It was just a page with caca on it
And that's what you get from Gary Sarner you don't get any real copy you get a page with caca
And that's because this man has been coddled he's been part of the inner fraternity in that place
He must really have the real naked pictures
And by the way for those of you who say oh don't be blaming joy
So anybody else for our your show uh turning into what let me say it again
Bubba loves bunch and we have several reports already. He's only been on there a couple of weeks
And already is having real joys problems
Larry says I hesitate to tell you this because I don't want to feed into your fears
But since you hate everyone in the world what the hell
About 30 years ago my mother-in-law sister's husband plunge 10 or 11 stories and died
When the elevator doors of his office building open he stepped in and there was no elevator car
Oh boy, that's what I get a little bit not nervous about but it just isn't the back of my mind
He never looked
Ever since I heard that I always hesitate and look to make sure there's a car before stepping in
There's a good message for all you people out there want to stay alive
When the elevator doors open just take a peek
And even if there's like a bad aroma in there bar I can't believe that bit I put
I can't repulsion that last thing in the world I would anticipate would there be raspberry sounds in that picture kidding right
No, I don't remember that
It's what I think I play that intentionally what it's about
Well, I forgot it. We have it. It's from 95. It's uh 14 years ago for eight right out loud
It's what it's about
It is what it's like that like Kooplet from odd bit although I don't think that one has sound effects in it
Well see that's the point that's exactly the point who knows which ones have effects or not right who knows which ones have boys and berries and blueberries and raspberries
Joyce it was a rim shot. Oh
Just a silly crap man such nonsense and Bubba is learning the hard way real fast
That there's the FCC law and then there's choices law welcome which supersedes away over and above
Anything we FCC is even slightly concerned about
Joyce will make something up just to make sure that you can't be entertaining you can't be amusing you can't say this you can't play that
That's where it's all about Bubba
So welcome to the world of visley
Anyway, Larry says about two years ago. I scutt stuck in my buildings elevator by myself
The button that was supposed to allow you to speak on the elevator the people was never connected
The emergency bell was also never connected
I potted on the elevator door for about 45 minutes until someone heard me
I ended up being extricated by fire rescue after about two hours on the elevator
So it isn't unfounded fear that you have how do you like that two hours on the elevator wow can you imagine?
If you weren't a little bit claustrophobic before that experience you sure would be after it
I'll guarantee you that my it was pounding on the elevator door for 45 minutes
My biggest concern would be you know if you had to do something
Did you have to do something? Yeah, well you just drop it right there in the elevator
I guess I mean you know, and I think people can understand that oh no, don't rescue me don't come in here
There's there's there are a few things well, I mean if you fart in a crowded elevator
That's not good
But if you already farted an empty elevator and then and you think it's gonna go to the ground floor
But it doesn't make the stop stops and take time somebody walks in and like oh my god
It's not like we cut that because you're the only one on here mr
I know you done it. Oh, have you ever played the dog?
Have you ever walked into an elevator and somebody had already been there?
Yes, oh, yes, and then it stops so the person that walks in thinks that it's you and it wasn't
No, I never had that that happened to me. Well, they're in the thing you obviously do there. Oh wasn't me. I didn't do it
Audience is love now the story of a girl who developed her own strange language while being raised by a stroke impaired mother
Now Jody Foster returns to the screen as a girl raised by a deaf mute epileptic who has learned to communicate by making
Unintelligible noises and hurling herself to the ground
Look doctor. I think the girl is trying to communicate with us. Oh
You're hungry
You're sleepy
You want to lie down? I'm really?
You want to lie down repeatedly
Watch as this pre-spirited strong-willed girl learns to express joy
anger
Curiosity
Even love
Jody Foster stars in fell the runaway hit that his audience is falling out of their seats
Yeah
It's a real pick me up
Okay, 1045 and 560 WQAM. Don't forget we had all our people at the Super Bowl
We got Joe Rose is going to be there all the how come it doesn't say Joe with the Super Bowl on the schedule. That's because clearance is an idiot
Right, I'm sorry. I wasn't listening tomorrow. Why not? Well, we can go to the right and some stuff down
Right and what down? I love poems
Like Billy Williams the Billy Williams Quartet. I'm gonna sit right down or write myself a letter
Something like that. Yeah, you got that. Yeah, I'm going to sit right down. Come on right up. Do you really have that you don't have that?
The Billy Williams Quartet
Paul says my understanding of dream interpretation is dreams involving showing up naked somewhere is derived from feelings of inadequacies or not belonging
Okay, usually these dreams occur with people being at school work church, etc
Yeah, it was definitely at the Hebrew school
Always kept having that dream I would get there
Mommy would to drop me off there and I would get out and walk into school and realize oh gee
I don't have my pants on or my shoes. Evidently mommy wasn't paying attention. I guess I don't
That's not it. Well, it is but I don't know if there's more than one version
This is fat's waller. Oh, well, we don't want to hear fat's waller the same song might be the original
That's not to make me want to play Bowser
I'm gonna find Bowser on here again. Okay. Oh, I got a turn on the cassette deck though
Will for Harrison you may leave us man
In 1957 we started shaking to the sound of a piano player out of Memphis, Tennessee the one I'm only Jerry Lee Lewis
Oh
I sure had this thing for buddy Moses name
Buddy Holly no buddy no, oh, and then I saw what he looks like. Yeah, to think
That a face thing for that I still do
Turn the clock back baby
To the show
Carp Perkins he sang that a thousand times better than you know who yes, million times than ill this but partly agree
The
Another one
We were just kids
I do like all those fake talk-ups that they lay over the I mean, it's you know
That's Bowser
From Shanana and here's Shabum. Here's the crew cuts and Shabum. What a boom
There's so many guys who remind me of the guy with the eyes, you know, he's one of them and then the other guy would buy
Shabum
See if they say Shabum or Shabum
Shabum not Shabum
Shabum if you will tell me I'm the only one that you love
That's because of Bowser's in New York and you win boom
PR Ralph says I'm naked
So you're going about your normal routine
What what what a way to start it
Just to thought well sure tickled your ass. Oh, yeah
So you're going to think about your normal routine going to work waiting for the bus who just walked down the street when you suddenly realized that you're
Stark naked I never had that dream
Dreaming that you're completely or partially naked is very common
Noona these steps are symbolizes a variety of things depending on your real life situation
Becoming mortified at the realization that you're walking around naked in public is a reflection of your vulnerability or
Shampleness you may be hiding something or afraid others can ever let's see right through you
Metaphorically close our means of concealment with clothes you can hide your identity or be somebody else
But without them everything is hanging out for all to see
You're left without any
I'm getting choked up about it. You're left without any defenses
The dream may be it's a delayed reaction to I'm naked
The dream may be telling you that you try to be something that you really are not or that you fear
Being ridiculed and disgraced if you're in a new relationship
You may have some fears of apprehension and revealing your true feelings
Boy you talk about a bunch of sooner intellectual claptrap PR Ralph
Noona the also symbolizes being caught off guard finding yourself at naked at worker in a classroom
Suggest you run prepared for a project at worker at school
You may be uninformed and making a well-to-afformed decision without eyes on you
You have this fear of having some deed brought to public attention. You fear people will see through you
Your true self will be exposed as a fraud or a phony
Many times when you realize your naked in your dream no one else seems to notice
Everyone else in the dreams going about their business without giving a second look at your nakedness
This implies that your fears are unfounded nobody will notice except you
You may be magnifying the situation and making an issue of nothing on the other hand such dreams may mean your desire or failure to get noticed
For a small percentage of you dreaming that you're proud of your nakedness and showing embarrassment or shame
Then it symbolizes your unrestricted freedom
You have nothing to hide and are proud of who you are the dream is about a new sense of honesty open as an occur free nature that that was just
Some of the most all-time pseudo intellectual claptrap I've ever read
Thanks a lot PR Ralph. Did I make any sense to you? No, yeah
Branden says you know sometimes I do feel like a little girl because of being so scared by elevators
But with that and being mortified of heights. I don't I know I'm not the only one the one that bothers me really is flying oh
Prior to 9-11 I really didn't have a problem flying I flew so many damn places
But since then each time I fly I find it harder and harder to fly not me don't bother me. I don't pay any attention
It's so bad that I drink a lot prior to flying
Thankfully, I'm quite a quiet drunk and can pass security without a hitch
I've been lucky to feel a little better at having one time one woman almost get kicked off the plane because she was scared
I just sat there and bit my lip
And about dreams the worst dreams are the ones where you're falling and you feel it. Yeah, I've had those falling dreams
When I was younger
When I was a child for your falling like like a free fall through space, you know
You ever have those all the time
Now Matt sent me this
This is from somewhere on the internet
A nightmare is a dream which causes a strong unpleasant emotional response from the sleeper typically fear or horror being in situations of extreme danger or the sensations of pain falling drowning or death
Oh, I haven't I never even read the poll did I?
No, you didn't
2018 votes. I'm most recurring nightmares are of I don't have any 90 my job 25
I can't recall any of mine 23 people in general 21 family members 12 a failed romance 9 a deep dark secret from my past 7 death 7
Something that happened in school 5 something that happened in my youth for people I hate for well, that could be anybody with me
I hate all of them
Monsters for creepy crawlies for a rape to and snakes one
Okay, getting back to this thing
Such dreams can be related to physical causes such as a high fever turn faced down on a pillow during sleep most often cases of drowning nightmares
Oh, yeah, I had those too or psychological ones such as psychological trauma or stress in the sleeping life
Sleepers life or can have no apparent cause
If a person has experienced a psychologically traumatic situation in life for example a person who may have been captured and tortured
The experience may come back to haunt them in their nightmares
Sleepers may weaken and they stay to distress and be unable to get back to sleep for some time
Eating before bed which triggers an increase. I'm going to sneeze
Eating before bed which triggers an increase in the bodysome metabolism and brain activities another potential stimulus for nightmares
Occational nightmares are commonplace but recurrent nightmares can interfere with sleep and may cause people seek medical help
Are recently proposed treatment consist of imagery rehearsal
This approach appears to reduce the effects of nightmares and other symptoms and acute stress disorder and post traumatic
Stress disorder imagery rehearsal
You know what that means? No, you do why?
Well in other words imagine that you're gonna like see yourself falling down an elevator shaft
Imagine that you're gonna see yourself like running around naked in the middle of downtown Manhattan. I'm imagine you know
All these things
Got it that's fine. I
Think we I think we touched on something day. I think we've ever had this discussion before well good
And look at all these emails on here. There's a bunch
Oh my god
What about bridges ever have nightmares about bridges as a matter of fact? I'm a little bit queasy
About driving. I mean, I'm not afraid to drive anywhere, but
Like you know, what's that bridge in Tampa?
Is it the St. Pete not not the skyway not the big one?
I don't know. I only know about the skyway. No, no, no, there's one that goes across
The bay. I'm trying to think where it is. It's very narrow
And I don't like driving across that bridge when we did the weekend Tampa when we were there and I had to drive across that thing to go to the dog track or whatever
Oh, I don't like that
Do you mind the driving cross narrow bridges over water? Nope
Hector says that email you read about some guys
Relative stepping into an elevator where there was no car and falling to his death as proof that Darwin's theory really works unbelievable
Well, why is that?
He's not gonna guy
Very jackass. We don't care about said okay, Barry. We don't care
Trying desperately to give me to talk about him nonstop and system
I get all these people all will see that we don't care nobody else does either that's guys got a one something sheer
He's got no audience
Brandon who's just foaming at the mouth says I'll tell you one more thing really a major problem in elevators
You go to a building. There are two elevators side by side. You see one of them is out of order
I really stand there for a minute or two and think about using the stairs if it's ten plus flights
What if one of the elevators out of order just kissed the ground that they got the sign there
John says I think it'll be Korean nightmare to add to the pull should be sexual shortcomings
He's spelled one of those words an interesting way, but nevertheless. I know exactly what it is in my case
What is that?
Self-consciousness about my body
Really because it doesn't look as good as he used to oh
Well, my never looked good so I don't have to worry about that
This is the Neil Rogers show
This is your brain
Oh
Quickly become known for adding some of the greatest names and show business
It's proud as a pigeon to introduce the gay community to a very special fellow
In fact, he's a real doll
It's gay can just pull his string and he'll make you sing
Bend me over and use me like a habit trail
He's twiled in the shadow of that fish barbie for 25 years
And now he's out
Can't only like a canoe on the Delaware River. Hi. This is hobby-fighting
You know after a long night spanking bike-a-boys at purgatory or chasing around the extras at La Caj
I can't wait to go home and play with Ken
Let's re-dickrate Barbie's funhouse using lots of maw in dry flowers coming soon
It's GI Jojo with Kung Fu grip pull his string and hill sing showtunes just like Judy Garland
You fairy it's 1103 at five 60 WQM. Why does MTV
Put on the most screaming queens. I've always accused television to this and then this is the stereotype they they love to project
You know how they have those shows another shot at love and then these other stupid shows where that where there is they have one
Contested on there and they have to pick one of like five or six guys or chicks or whatever
And then when they had the gay thing on there they got the most screaming
Oh my god queens
Mincing screaming flaming
flaming
What's that all about? I
Don't know good point. Well, I call MTV and complain if I were you
Being the heterosexual token on this show
Paul says my recurring nightmare is being mirried then I wake up and cry because it's true
I like that by the way put on the Paul falling
Okay, several people have emailed that falling indeed like in a free fall. You know, right? I used to have that many times
In my younger days. I guess maybe my life is like I don't know
Maybe I've had so many experiences most of them bad that are just uh, yeah, well, there's nothing to have any nightmares about anymore
I just I don't have no more and I just have them a lot
But I think when you're younger you have like all these fears of the unknown
And then when you get older you know and then you're sad about it right
You're sad that you know
Like about marriage and stuff like that
Steven Jersey says for a long time. I've heard your guilty sound bite promo, but never bothered to him
I heard him the other day only because he followed you you guys weren't kidding
Now I get the gilding reference. He sounds like he just had them cut off or just got fed over to locker room
Painful to listen to says Steven or Jersey. Yeah, he's he's you know, it's not personal
He doesn't have a voice for broadcasting. That's all very simple not complicated
It doesn't make him a bad person doesn't make him a good person. He's just uh, he just
Yeah, like that
I didn't hear have any further response from Leo at 790
Across the street
Elderly man dies while trapped between elevator door and security gate. This is from Kenny Gramer
Helen Dale beach no less. Oh boy
Buzz up. It says the body of 81 year old Myron Kafka was found yesterday morning
Between the elevator door and the security gate on the third floor of an office building in Helen Dale now. This is um
From today the story I believe
Now maybe not I don't know official tell us on sentinan maintenance worker found Kafka's body early yesterday morning
They consider the death accidental but say that aren't sure what killed the Hollywood Florida resident
Someone installed a security gate outside the elevator
So when the guy got off the elevator and the door shut behind him
He was faced with a gate in front of him and a closed door behind him. He had nowhere to go
Richard Walder headed the building code of vision elevator section tells the newspaper
He couldn't reach the hall button for the elevator was stuck there
Police say he wasn't crushed according to the hero
We don't know how he died or how long he's been there said Andrew Casper a Helen Dale beach police spokesman
They don't plan to perform an autopsy the property owner was cited for having an illegal gate that blocked access to the elevator
Updated 9.25 a.m
Which I guess is last Wednesday medical examiner says a heart attack held Kafka at least
Days before his body was found and it's got a number. I'm sure but I can't it. It's not there at least several days
So yeah, a heart attack he went into panic mode wouldn't you panic?
Ah, yeah, I mean
If you got off the elevator there's a security gate and nowhere to go and you're like stuck you're just trapped there
Yeah, you probably
That's right. That would be my thought
Gandhi bridge by the way. Thank you several people have pointed out and also some incorrect one. Oh, it's not the sunshine skyway bridge
I don't mind the big bridges like that like there's one in them
Is it Hamilton? No, it's St. Catherine's on the wooden agro falls here
There's a big tall one one of those kind of bridges, you know big span
Doesn't bother me at all, but the narrow ones across waterways where there's water on your right and water on your left and
There's there's no room for error. You know what I'm saying? Mm-hmm
Again, the bridge you ever drive across the Gandhi bridge. I don't think so and it does go to
Durby Lane. I think that's the old St. Pete dog track
Bart says I dream about falling from very high places buildings bridges cliffs
Wow
Kathy says after my email about Phil Henry yesterday you mused to George so he's still with the right wing stuff
Since I ended up waking up again this morning a 3 a.m. I thought I'd answer you
He started a show with a selection of sound clips from governor Blagojevich's
Talk show yesterday. He correctly pointed out that Blagojevich was constantly concentrating himself and not a bright blob bulb
No kidding
This letter might as audits that on the other hand governor Sarah Pellan was simply made to look like an idiot
By the media and were deliberate because they don't like her because she shoots moose
Phil believes that Pellan is a bright lady
She's just not even the people around her didn't prepare her to deal with people like Charlie Gibson and Katie Kourk. Right
He then said that there was Caroline Kennedy
And that I don't know a great deal about her, but I've listened to her lately to see what she thinks and I think what she thinks is nothing
Said Phil
Phil then a former senator Tom Tankreito on near the bitch about the Obama economic plan
He insisted that only cuts have ever stimulated the economy tax cuts getting people working will do very little
claiming that the Bush tax refund proved this can
conveniently forgetting that a job is in a one-time payment
Phil said nothing about that but asked him a question about the 30s depression at which time tankreito announced that anything and everything that FDR did had been useless
There hadn't been one out of improvement in the economy till WW2 started and Phil let it go without a word
I guess Phil and Tankreito think that stories don't travel down through families my grandfather worked on the
Something of Northern Illinois through the WPA during the depression and anyone who knew my grandfather would never say was because he was
I'm kind of near to well who couldn't hold a job on his own that income eventually led him to owning a gas station garage among other things
Also this pro marijuana stance of his is very odd the segment is called Dr. Green thumb
But it seems to be made completely a story is from a stupid criminal's pot division files
The kind that my ex boyfriend who was in the DEA like to use his proof that pot was worse than booze
So his Henry serious with this or running a disinformation campaign. It's all too sad. It's his Kathy
I have a solution for a Kathy stop listening. Are you sure that that you know, I mean that's always the a cat the
Catch all and but it's true
If you don't like what his show has become what he's doing I would stop waking up in the middle of the night and listen to it
I mean is that sound like it's pretty revolutionary. I don't know
Yeah
The beast a who's just the biggest yenta man if you look at the word yenta you'll see that big fat tub right next to it in the dictionary
The beast says this is one time clearance isn't wrong
Joe Rose isn't broadcasting from the Super Bowl. Zach is over there lining up. Guest to call into Joe show during the week
Joe went over today for media today to do some stuff for channel six
But I believe he'll be back in studio tomorrow
The only reason I know we're moving is because George Corsa was talking about the dimensions of new talk studio down the street
Otherwise, there's been no big internal announcement however since I'm now part time employee
Maybe I'm not privy to that important information Brian the beast London
Broadcast or an executive producer University of Miami Hurricanes radio network
Well, let me point something out to you beast that I'm sure you already are well aware of
If I can if I can get it right on here, but you're probably too embarrassed to admit it
The hurricane
Right
So this is one time clearance isn't wrong sticking out for his boyfriend. Okay defending the indefensible as the way I look at it
I mean this is the same clearance that had you on the schedule yesterday because you worked last Monday
That's small potatoes. That's my the same simple thing. It got to do with you know the game
What does it got to do with the game and the game the Super Bowl? We're talking Super Bowl
So Tony cigarette over time, huh?
I guess don't you miss Tony badly? No silly person
Oh, you don't like anybody you rip everybody. I don't dislike Tony. I like him just fine
He was on my show a hundred years ago him in Hanck were on the show
An I and Z when I was doing like mid days when I got them finally got them off at nights
Boy took me it took me some real heavy
Talking to get them to take me off of that eight to midnight shift and put me on mid days
And that was the beginning baby that was the beginning of making some serious big bucks big bucks, baby
The kind that losers like Jimmy syphilis could only dream of making
Unless he goes back and plays football again
Long time female listener says Betty
My recurring theme is that I'm driving on a highway with my eyes closed
I can't open them no matter how hard I try
I have no idea what it means, but it wakes me up every time seems very real while I'm having it
Well nightmare's always seem very real
Don't they? Yep
Ralph says music on the bus
You're on the bus when you suddenly realize you need to fart the music is really loud. So
You're you time your farts with the beat after a couple of songs you start to feel better as you approach your stuff
As you're leaving the bus people really start staring you down and that's when you remember you've been listening to your iPod
That's not bad
You don't like it. I like it
I like to George hated it
That's your former friend PR Ralph
You're hitting me in some best time
I'm a people busy on logic
Did he tuck it or did he cock it?
Since the 70s revival it's a common scene in many doctors offices
You gotta tell me please
Why can't I dance?
Well I'm afraid you have white man in gypsy
White man in gypsy
A tragic affliction causing so many to give up trying to get down
I'm a fan of life
The symptoms are easy to spot the inability to snap your fingers or clap your hands anywhere near the beat of music
We're singing causes and instant gag reactions to all those standing next to you
And of course when you're out
No one wants to stand next to you
I need wish we could say there's hope for white man in gypsy but
There is it the only recommended course of action in rhythmic abstinence
Well it must be something you can do. No just stop what you're doing. You're embarrassing. That's a hell out of us
And thank you you're welcome 1118 at 560 WQ and we got the big all from the Super Bowl to this afternoon
Mad Dog at the Super Bowl before and then
After that it's the canes baby the canes
Followed by the beach to 930 after the abasca ball game
George is going to be glued to this radio for that you know it
Got my hands here's your my bitch. I knew I could to get that
to
email today. Oh yeah
subject I agree I agree about the screamers in MTV
But I find it hilarious and hypocritical of you to bitch about them when you sir are a missing screamer yourself
All you do is scream and complain all day nothing has changed
I may agree with you about MTV, but you know what I don't agree with you about everything else
Goldie show is just fine
You say he doesn't have a voice for radio while you sir don't have the material for radio you sir
Yeah, no, that's not like my Rio. There's the giveaway
Why don't you quit making a living off picking on others and just hand the reins to George already you suck
Yeah, he's got a written out I can read it
You want the reins
Let me hand you the reins here's George. Oh god
Could I have the money to no oh just the reins sorry
Teague Anne says what does it mean if your dream has come has you come oh another Ross before I get to this
I told you this many many times my radio nightmare that I used to have recurring
I mean just on and on was a disjockey not a talk show, but a disjockey dream nightmare
That I would be playing music and my record would end and I'd have wouldn't have the next record cute up
And I had nothing prepared we've all had that
unprepared like that bit that you have that isn't a bit the guy trying to play something
Oh, okay, okay, sorry, okay, something like that no matter what you try to hit it doesn't work try to hit a spot you try to hit a record
Nothing works
And then you come to work here and you realize it's not a nightmare. No, no
Then you wake up and you realize you're working for Joe Bell
Oh, that that goes that transcends the whole nightmare thing
I mean, that's just
It's just beyond description
Anyway, Tegan says suppose you were a national news broadcast your dream has you walking onto the set start naked
uh, okay
Demsie says what about bridges ever have nightmares about bridges
I used to have a recurring nightmare about driving over bridges it doesn't have the other side just driving into nowhere and then falling
But of course always waking up and mid fall
In the most popular version of this recurring dream the bridge is actually an enormous old-fashioned children's slide
The silver medal when you find in a backyard or on a playground
I would drive up the slide as if it were a bridge and fall over the top where the ladder steps are
Remarkably when I was in college and in the student work program I had a job at the campus art museum
I would help with the installations of new shows one afternoon when they had started to
Something in the works for a show by Roger Brown a modern artist
I walked in the museum and was dumbfounded stopping in my tracks. There was me there before me was my dream
The artist had made a large sculpture of a children's slide turned into a bridge with little cars going up and over
I told the people I worked with they said I should ask the artist about it on opening night
When I didn't get to talk to him and told him about my dreams and ask him where he got the idea
He thanked me for it and said he took it from the collective subconsciousness
Uh-huh. I haven't had that dream since says Demsie
He took it from the collective subconsciousness again gobbledy-gook
Does that make sense to you? No
No
Well here's something a fairly encouraging
masturbation may be good for you or bad depending on your age
Really the solitary sexual activity that is widely practiced but little discussed is linked with an increased risk of prostate cancer
When practiced frequently by young men in their 20s and 30s doctors say
By the time the men reach their 50s it may protect against the disease because it helps remove toxins that have built up over lifetime. I see
prostate cancer is known to be driven by the male hormone testosterone
I'm in with high levels of testosterone and have a higher sex drive and higher risk of the cancer. I say
But most research has examined older men because prostate cancer is usual on usual under 50
Researchers at the University of Nottingham studied a link between sexual activity and younger men and the disease to see if it affected their long-term risk
More than 400 men with prostate cancer diagnosed before the age of 60 were questioned about their sexual habits over the preceding decades
And the results compared with 400 controls
The findings show that those who had been most sexually active in their 20s having sexual intercourse or masturbating more than 20 times a month
Were more likely to have the cancer
Frequent masturbation but not sexual intercourse in the 20s and 30s was significantly linked with the later development of prostate cancer
In their 50s men who are most sexually active more than 10 times a month for sexual intercourse
And masturbation combined enjoyed a small protective effort the effect was greater when masturbation was assessed on its own
Polluxini demi-trappleau
but
Some Greek guy who led the study published in the British Urinal of urology international said it seems as if keeping up a certain level of sexual activity
Through the decades is better than having a high level early in the 20s and 30s than then nothing
One theory is that during the early years the prostate gland is more susceptible to hormonal changes and is still developing
As men age and accumulate toxins from the diet or through their lungs
Sexual activity may help release them
Studies have found toxins in the semen and the fluid produced in the prostate is you age. It's more important for you to flush them out when in doubt flush them out
However, she admitted there was no good explanation of why masturbation should have a greater impact on prostate cancer
Either by increasing or reducing the risk than sexual intercourse
For our sample there was no association with intercourse all the effect was coming from masturbation
But it may have to do with our group of men with the different group. I keep in mind these are brits
With the different group there could be different findings
She had it what makes our studies stand out from previous research is that we focused on the younger age group
Then normal and including both intercourse and masturbation at various stages and people's lives
A possible explanation for the protective effect that men in their 50s appear to receive from overall sexual activity
And especially masturbation is that the release of the accumulated toxins during sexual activity reduces the risk of developing cancer in the prostate area
The theory however is not been firmly established and further research is necessary. They're working on it good
As we speak they're working me too on it feverishly. I'm working on it. I'll bet right now
276 votes on that pool night mirrors
Oh my god
that this um
Idiot
So I may vent go away. Don't go away. I just go away. You said crap you send kaka
This once is I have had a recurring dream the first week president
Is being interviewed by Larry lo me $50 king and says hey Larry watch this
He proceeds to pull off his head and George Bush's head pops up laughing like an idiot Larry immediately goes to commercial
I see
Starting to get a better insight into this crowd that we've got
And
Neil at neorages.com for all your complaints
All your defensive guilty
Georgia's a big guilty fan. Yep. We party. We hang do you? Oh, yeah, I'll you hang it just this morning
And the worst part of the whole deal is he he really believes that he belongs on here
I never forget the first week
That we were on the air down on the second floor on this station
And a spot came up and I can I can tell you I don't remember the name of the place because they're long since out of business
Remember we went there and had dinner with salt men his wife right it was a cigar bar wine right like
I'm going to broil or something like that. Well, whatever was yes
And I hurt we're sitting there in a break commercial break and I hear gellies voice doing the spot for this place
And I thought to myself
What kind of I mean I just I can't even describe my feelings when I heard that
You know what I mean yeah
He was doing spots for like people in business
I'm not saying that because he did the spot they went out of business, but nevertheless they did you know
Zoltan members Zoltan course
Those are the days baby early days when we we didn't know what that was going on
We knew is that they just barely got us on the air the first day
And poor George Corso worked feverishly until like four in the morning or whatever till almost when we went on the year at 10 o'clock
And Greg Reed took the whole family and split went to Chicago when it going gets tough get going out of town
That was Greg because he was positive we'd never get on the air
But we did and here we are 11 years later and one month and we're still here
Remember Chris moron. I don't think the erudges will ever be on q.a. Oh, oh, oh, you're right
How's Chris moron doing by the way? Anybody know where he turned out? Nope
Toothpaste doesn't taste great your kids don't brush long enough which could lead to ugly tartar buildup the solution
Regular checkups and brushing with new crust the tartar control toothpaste laced with crack cocaine
Hey, son almost got in there washing get the fushing crust is not only clinically proven
It's also highly addictive see your kids will brush and brush and brush and brush and brush and brush and brush
God Billy. It's been 45 minutes
And if you're not careful you're gonna wear those teeth down to little nubbib oh god no
Rock son almost out of crust
Hook your kids and a healthy habit for life brushing with new crust with crack cocaine
Sure, I'm gonna be late for work now, but it's good to see Billy brushing get out old man. This is a card jacking Billy
What are you doing? I sit out?
Billy, what are you doing?
Got a little card to get more crust new crust toothpaste laced with crack cocaine
recommended by nine out of ten drug addicts
Love a thirty two or five sixty w.d. Q.m. Well, I haven't played it in a long time. That's a classic
Yes, it is I mean some of those oldies, you know if we never heard him again, we'll be fine, but then that's a classic
Indeed
Brandon says don't add this to the pool
I won't but the worst is when you're having an absolutely fantastic dream and right when it gets good you wake up
It might as well be a nightmare because I can never get back to it once I woke up and if that's right off
Well, that's bad. That's because the Lord works in
mysterious ways
Just to piss us off
Maybe there is a god and he's a sadistic hateful bastard, you know
cruel evil not as cruel and evil as Joe Bell or Joyce, but maybe close
Kathy says about not listening to Phil
One trust me. I'd rather be asleep at 3 a.m. And when I wake up like that
I need some sound to get my mind off things and get back to sleep
Those not always work but talk radio is better than music for me. So it's sports talk the guy who replaced artbell or Phil
Two I remember Phil Folly from the old days cooking with Mandage Margaret his artbell impressions
Keeping complaint calls hitting the phone buttons forever and even the day played the entire audio from the movie
Something of the humanoids
What is it? I don't know
And every once in a while that Phil does show up on his new show every once in a while
But the sooner I'm not awake to be listening anything at that hour are the happier I'll be
And if for your current poll am I the only one who has nightmares about coming home to find my house burglarized or having my car stolen
I'm sure not Kathy
I'm sure you're not the only one
Jack says the Nazi and drags Benny the 16th the Pope is upset at Obama for trying to prevent unwanted pregnancies
Well, the Catholic religion has the perfect contraceptive they do it with your boys. Oh
There you go
Nobody ever got pregnant that way then I heard of no
Brack them right
Well, here's one about our favorite taco smell. I still haven't been there by the way
Although I was that we did have lunch at Red Lobster a few days ago
You mentioned and it was okay
Chowder was good the stuffed mushrooms with a crab meat were very good and that's all I had
The
The fast food chain taco smell is solely liable for 42 million dollars in breach of contract awards to two Michigan men who developed the mascot idea
Which was the basis of the company's
ad campaign in the 90s
The wise cracking Chihuahua who earned millions for Taco Bell corp and some criticism from latino's as an ethnic stereotype has a new slogan
You'll get owe me the narrow I want my money
A federal appeal squad Friday ruled that Taco Bell is solely liable for 42 million dollars in breach of contract awards to two Michigan men who created the diminutive mascot that started in
Something Irvine's fast food giants hit 500 million dollar advertising campaign in the 1990s. I just can't stand this
Chopped off stuff on the right hand edge
Is that Don Irvine Jr
William Irvine Brad Irvine
Dropped at Pompe no Park one year
Not well, but TV commercials featured the dog decked out as a beret sporting revolutionary or bandit in a subbrero
steering complaints that they amounted to derogatory depictions of Mexicans
But the spots featuring the Chihuahua and voice over by actor Carlos Alza Raki
Alazraki ALAZRAQUI Alazraki
We're phenomenally successful. I wonder he's can do a Orlando Alza query rock solid
The talking dogs refrain your Kiero Taco Bell became a pop culture punchline as well as a drop the Chulupa line
An instant favor with sports commentators and Viva Gorditas long live the fat ones the little fat ones the name of Mexican food chain stuffed
Crunchy taco
The Gorditas never have a Gordita not lately
The ads stop running in 2000 feeding the dog named Gidget for further big and small screen fame
For a freeing the dog with rolls and legally blonde two red white and blonde and Geico insurance ads
She also appeared on the tonight show with Jay Leno during which he was given a choice between a Taco Bell Chulupa and Kentucky fried chicken
KFC which like Taco Bell is a subsidiary of Louisville based young brands one out
How do you like that the dog picked a KFC
And said drop the Chulupa
Of the spute over the rights to market the sassy Chihuahua began in 98 when Joseph Shields and Thomas Rinks of Grand Rapids Michigan
Filed suit alleging breach of contract
The developers of a psycho Chihuahua cartoon have been in talks with Taco Bell advertising agents to adapt the character for TV spots
When the men claimed in their lawsuit Taco Bell took the idea to another agency Tbwa Cheat Day
In June 2003 a federal jury in Michigan order Taco Bell to pay the creators 30 million dollars
And a federal judge tacked on early 12 million more to interest in three months later
The judgements prompted Taco Bell to sue TWA arguing that the ad agency was liable for the disputed content
Friday's decision by the West 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in Taco Bell Court versus TV WA ruled a fast food chain
Not the ad agency was responsible for the ads and awards the wrench agency owned by Shields and Rings
When asked to Taco Bell would appeal to decision companies spokesman Rob Potez said we just received the opinion they were reviewing our options
well
There's some real tourists in Taco smell
Mm-hmm. I'm gonna have to go there this weekend for sure
Just just out of spite all these negative people out there. Of course no matter what we like we have a regulatory
Oh your taste is in your tockers
Oh, whatever you like whatever you say that's right
Whatever you think
Clems as I heard Chris moron on Fox Sports Radio Sunday morning on some show called Money Ball
He was as Schmitty as ever
Well, that's pretty Schmitty
Fredrick says I keep dreaming that Obama makes pot legal and thereby sells most of our problems
But then the controlling right wingers show up and I'm back in the stockade for a fully blunt
Tell them where to get the good stuff
Tracy says although I've had the typical nightmares from time to time
I vote for the poll is being awakened by an intruder
This is the most disturbing nightmare. I've had occasionally once I dreamed the intruder was there
But I couldn't wake up to fight or flee
It's not a surprising nightmare. I have as I know it comes from a true fear that I have
I can't say it's all bad since it prompted me to take a self-defense training course
Which is probably good to know have a great day Tracy and Kindle you too Tracy
Locked the door is honey
Grab my junior honey
Are you sure are you sure are you sure
Right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right you sure
Hi, I'm Eric Somers and you know what you got me talking on the passion phone
Tell me the story about how you got flown I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah holy cow
Oh
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down
The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt
Call up and tell me what it's all about. I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
Oh
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down
I got you down
I got you down
I got you down
I got you down
There's a new topic each night
Who do you have sex with with a black or with a white I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. Are you sure?
45 well that we've been feeling re-intensive there for a couple minutes. So I figured I'd play that good
Is that okay? That's fine
He used to be a real hoot man. He had some good times back in the past
That's in the past
Surely who gave you the ticket the other day to losing ticket again stream on Friday
She says her nightmares all come from past trauma
Okay
That's it. That's what she says. I'm sorry about that. Yeah, we are too
Here's the way the pull shapes up so far 297 vote my most recurring night most of my what is it?
My most recurring nightmares are of
Well, I don't like the way that's worded, but it's okay
I don't have any recurring nightmares 115 my job 36. I can't recall any of them 31
people in general 25
Family member 17 a failed romance 14
Death 11 a deep dark secret from my past nine
Falling seven something that happened in school six people. I hate six. Oh, that could be just about anybody in my case like
Oh, yeah, like the squeakmeister
You would take guilty under your wing and teach him teach him what how to talk
Sure monsters six creepy crawlies five something that happened in my youth for a rape three and snakes two
snakes
I don't know about you, but I'm not really fond of snakes. I'm especially not fond of people who have what I said pets
Not the kind you're not trousers snakes. I'm not all that crazy about people who have uh snakes is pets
They uh they smell you know they do snake poop is one of the most obnoxious
Romas and they really oh, yeah
Reptile crap in general, but snake crap
Snake crap. It's a it's a funk all its own. I wonder if we can say that on the air
Better call up bobbins see if Joyce lets him say snake crap
Was he in for it, huh?
Look excuse me his he gonna be in for a real surprise. Oh, yeah, good one either he'll be having nightmares
Maybe he'll be finally the one that goes over there and takes care of Joyce takes that bitch out
Wouldn't put a past him. Mm-hmm him and his buddy Hulk Hogan
Think over there to four Myers or Naples wherever they're hanging out and give her watch for you know
I mean by what for oh, yeah, I think you do a two by four
Neil at neorodgers.com. That's our email address slowing down
The route of dreams throughout a nightmare is
Jim and Cooper City says take a look at Obama's mother-in-law. That's James Brown re-incarnated
Well, that's that's bad you racist people are just a nasty as hell
Next you'll be making jokes about ancho mama
I've had a dream numerous times that someone is chasing me and my legs won't move or like I'm in quicksand the harder
I try to store I move yeah, I've had that one. Oh, yeah somebody is chasing you
Mm-hmm, and your your legs are moving, but you're not going anywhere. It's kind of like us at Q.A.M
We're moving we're breathing but we're not going anywhere. We're going somewhere. I take that back
Speaking of horrible odors. We're going somewhere right in the toilet right in the tank
Thanks a lot jolly joe
I'm delighted that um bubbled lust punches here to like like a
Unsolicited testimonial right about joys because all these naysayers. Oh, when you blame joys and you blame joba
They haven't got any idea what's going on here
What the restrictions are? I mean some of us remember the day went in light like Bob and Tom
They used to be hysterical and now there's all bunch of their stuff that we have in the ECS who we can't even play it right
Let me give you an example just a brief uh
Hi Felicia gee. I love your dress. Yeah, look at what
In the other solution thing. I'm not huh. Yeah
That's what it's a great bit. We'll never ever be able to play that again
Hi Felicia gee. I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with?
Oh, I bet she's got a good head on her shoulders though. I'll bet
Oh
You know you go up and down. I don't have to tell you this but you go up and down the
thing
Here in the DCS
Yep, the alphabetical list is enough to make it cry and oh, uh, that's really great, but I can't play that. I can't play this
We can't play much of anything. Oh, look at that Leon Farts. Oh, I can't play that
I hear bush
I hear bush
I hear bush
We can play that
It's a little bit late though
And all these people jumping out Obama now sending me all these pictures and stupid crap
Something the elections over. Okay. He won by a landslide. He is your president
As far as the bush crowd is concerned takes forever
To get that taste and smell out of your system. Amen. You tell him fat Henry
I wonder if Hank lost an answer to her. What do you think since he in Jimmy, syphilite, since they're wine business winter
Well, I don't know if he was like a partner in it or if he was just the official
Taster and eater
Yeah, and once they change the format on iod Jimmy syphilite is gonna be out on the street altogether
What's he gonna do and also I asked the BC other day, but he was mom as usual. He doesn't tell you crap
Because won't we hear in rumors that they're dumping Zagaki on the U.M. Games and also that Jimmy is out as the dolphin guy
I heard that rumor. I would have paid no attention to it
Because you could cure less. That's right
Well, I will say this Jimmy syphilite don't say anything bad about you. That's true
Oh, here we go the fake Phil Henry. We had a great time at wio d. I have fond memories
Perhaps we'll cross paths again in the future warm regards Phil
No, I don't think that's the real Phil
No
Warm regards. That's not his style
Anymore, there would be my style. I wouldn't send him warm regards
I have like ambivalent feelings about him
He's a great talent, but the problem is he doesn't know what he wants to be
You know what I mean by that? No explain it in other words. He can't find his niche
He wants to be a TV comedian guy like that TV show. That was on for five minutes. He wants to be
A political right-wing
goofball. He wants to be a funny guy. You know, I mean he's got the ability to be very funny and very creative and entertaining
But he that's not good enough for a Phil I guess
And he hasn't figured out what his niche is in life
It's like my old friend Bill Calder who is a great DJ
A much less than great talk show and the reason being that Bill was very thin skin
And if you're gonna be a talk show guy you can't be thin skin
And somebody would call and rip him an ass and the oh he would take it personally. I mean really personally to the point of like neurosis
Now how can you do that? How can you survive in this business? I don't know a lot of drugs pills maybe doing
Yeah, and then when I left W. Just news and I went to INZ and they hired him to go on up against me at night
He was my best friend at that time. They hired him to go on opposite me on the Q on the WNW West and he didn't last a week
And people would call well you're no Neal you can't and he was just
Melf he would just go to pieces
Can you imagine if he would have been getting these emails that we get? Oh, man
I find them all just historically amusing. Yeah, they're depressing that there's so many idiots out there
But they're funny. They are funny. It's like a homeless person criticizing what you're wearing if you don't take calls how can we register our complaints?
Oh, I mean the lines in some of these. I mean, you know, thank you for feeding us the great lines by the way
We couldn't never have done better ourselves
Now that we're out of material. We still got two hours to go today. We're out of material
Maybe George maybe I'll hand the reins over to George. Oh, man. Not like this. What do you mean by that? What without any warning like that
Here's a picture of
Obama's mother-in-law and well she just looks like a black lady to me. She don't look anything special
I don't I just don't get it
Mark and Kendall's got a thing about elevators good. I hope Brandon listens very carefully turn it up Brandon crank it up
This might be some good life advice
And then what we're here for to get life advice and critiques and complaints. That's right
It's like the dunking booth at the carnival. We're here for people to throw stuff at yeah
Why do people do that because they're miserable in their own lives?
Well, it's very logical if you know how to be happy you're busy doing that, you know any
Did I mention I lost my ass a wood mine last night? No, you didn't mention that or if you did I didn't hear it
Not good. No, I did not mention it. Oh my god
Yeah, I mean I don't care that's what I meant to say
Mark and Kendall says you're fear of stepping off an elevator into the shaft cannot happen
If elevator doors open between floors there is a wall about an inch away
However, if you're ever on an elevator in the door opens between floors do not try to climb out of the car
sit tight
Oh, yeah sit tight if you have to choice go for it a little embarrassment's better than getting cut in half
The story about the guy falling down the shaft is an urban legend
The motor that opens the closest elevator doors is on the car the only way hall doors can be opened without the car being
There is manually and yes dumbasses push them open and do fall down the shaft
Oh, how do you like that in other words if you push the doors open and you get them open and uh, whoops
There you go
Most people's sure of elevators come from the movies however, there's been
What well? I'm trying to read the edge here. There's been something one movie that successfully sabotaged an elevator
I'm not saying which one don't want to give some of the crazies any ideas. There's a movie called elevator. Oh
You enjoy their great Mark and Kendall no complaints no critiques no criticism clean no life and violence
No, it's pristine clean for this old queen one of the nicest ones I ever seen thanks mark
I'm not really sure I understand that whole thing about when the door opens there's I don't get that do you know not really
I mean there there are a lot of movies about you know fights and elevators and elevators opening and stuff like that right
How about in silence of the lambs when he's hiding up above there is there an elevator thing?
Is that just in the cross? I assume that no there's like a little door up there
But I don't know if all elevators have a little door up. Oh, yeah, and then you climb out on top of the car
I guess and go for a ride
In fact, I'm what I'm gonna do is after the break that's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go down the hall
I'm gonna open that little door. I'm gonna get me a foot ladder and
Open up the door climb up in there and then go for a ride down the elevator to the bottom
Get the shaft
This is Dick Cheney. I like to relax by having their immagile and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour
You
Gail be
Talking on a sports show
Trying to be my show
Your voice sounds just like a
7 year old girl a little sports host
What else are you there for?
Gail be
Talking like a baby
Who needs a little training
Why can't you understand you don't sound like a man
Remove the rubber bands that choke your scrub tongue. Gail be
Gail be
Gail be your lucky management
Yeah, just kill me you don't belong there on the air
I'm delirium
The sports can wait till your voice cracks
Lost in a one who sounds like that should find another job
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop
Elk Elding
When you're gonna grow up
You make us want to throw up
You feel a squeaky boo
Go to broadcasting school
Your free you bass it boys make you sound like a
Your
Absolutely
Your
I like you this is your assignment, but I know you won't do it
You've got to take him under your wing and teach him to be a real log cast
But he didn't do your first assignment he didn't go to five guys burger. No, I didn't
Why not sorry?
Everyone in the household is sick. I was taking care of the family
Yeah, well what what have they been six since we talked about that three weeks ago three weeks ago. Oh, yeah
So that was last week get out of here last week my ass. Okay
Five guys yeah, I never heard of it before these
Me false started what me either and you know um there are lots of places that I can eat with a certificate
If I'm gonna go out somewhere in today's economy
Oh now you're hot on a certificate, huh?
Let alone know if I see I can't afford to go out period end of story
If I did have the desire to go out I could go yeah, I could go out to a restaurant and
You know it could be much more affordable than it would be to go to five guys
Well, why is that how do you know maybe they'll treat you
All the positive vibes they've gotten on their show to last two three four months nevertheless
You're not going probably not well. That's why I'm not giving you the other assignment you just you failed on the first one
Why would I say the estate of putting the other way my wing uh he's way taller than me. How am I gonna get him under my wing?
Is he?
Well, yeah, and so is just about anybody right? They're a great girl to taller than me. Midgik. Yeah, your wife
Mm-hmm
Rodney says I hope what you said about heard about syphilis is true
He's the worst play by play guy in the world
I once heard him say dolphins have the wall at the 52-year line Jesus says Rodney even George would know how
52-year-old
Maybe he was thinking about Canadian about the CFL a
Yes, so they do it in meters. I don't know they have I think 55 yards
I don't really know because I don't pay attention to it neither does anybody else
Oh, but it's the Argos near the Argo. Yeah, the Argos they stink not as bad as the least but then again who does the Raptors think
One great similarity between here and there is that the sports teams generally speaking most years below
Or Lisa playing a Minnesota night. I think uh Justin Poggy is gonna be in the net
Yeah, six weeks you and look just like that sure you are huh
People really believe that crap you know what?
Those and people outside and zero degree whether just to watch the guys practice not play just watch them practice. Oh, yeah, let's go to practice
Those people who go to watch whether it's football or hockey or any sport event those people are going to watch people
Practice practice those people need to be shot
There ought to be an assassination squad at every practice so that spectators are coming to watch athletes practice
Get put where they belong in the ground. I mean, that's just pathetic
That's like holding up a building a gigantic billboard that says I have no life. Oh my god
A four-letter-dale or somebody is at four-letter-dale or four-credin New York City says heath
You show us saving me from the torture that exists here between crying babies
Old people security checkpoints looking in my shoes. I detects it a return
I want to register my complaints my good sir says heath well good luck to you heath
He's at four-letter-dale or portal need good luck although that terminal two is a lot better than terminal four
Terminal four you it's terminal you don't want to go there
Too many flights out of like a shoebox
Too many gates too few seats
And as far as crying babies is concerned. I know this is going to sound very bigoted
Oh, you hate children. No, I do not but I don't like crying screaming babies for hours when I've spent a zillion dollars to fly
Business class or first class on a plane. Yep. I don't want to have to endure all that period of time with screaming crying out of control babies
Remember I told you about that brought with the or three kids. There are worse things out of control running around like it was a playground
Not an airplane. That's right. Yeah
And she was up and down like a jack-and-a-box the mother
mm-hmm
And I and I always think it's very cute, you know or like in the airport the kids are setting off alarms
They're opening up doors that oh my baby
Like in the shopping mall here's some little kid and you know, well, we're you know and you're you have no idea
Who they are and you could care less, but is there somebody supervising this little kid? I mean it's like four-year-old kid
Where are the parents? Oh, they're shopping. You know, they're busy. They're busy
Here's one that says I've had this nightmare released ten times of a jumbo jet crashing across the street
A couple of blocks over in the worst part of the nightmare is I hear the crashing and explosion
I wake up in a sweat every time says Mike and Miami Lakes
Be a great lover with Viagra crew
I just got that on my a crackbird you hear it bust? No
Be a great lover with Viagra crew PR oh
Yeah
So you tell me there's nothing can be done about that about what about all that spam
No, I mean you can block it, but you know, they keep writing new news. I mean you can block it
You don't think I block it of course they keep writing from different email addresses
You know, they change things you know, I'll tell you the worst one on me Yahoo
Every day if I didn't delete those I would build up like a thousand right every day
I get dozens and dozens and dozens of spam emails on Yahoo and it's all and Viagra and Seattle's that's right. They know
Talk yeah, they know what they know you need it. Oh, yeah for what?
For a while
Don said had a dream I was hitchhiking through Dave County. Oh, that's a nightmare
And was picked up by your Joyce
She was listening to you and George on the radio was naked from the waist down
I dove from the car landed on my feet and ran all the way to New York. I love it
He had a nightmare about Joyce
Bubba loves bunch will soon discover that she is a nightmare
She is his worst nightmare. He think he had problems before just wait
That's what happens when you go back to terrestrial radio how serious doing still 11 cent
You tell me I'll take a pee
Well
One moment please
Could be a buying opportunity haven't heard from Maria in a few days
You know Maria would die rear yeah 11 cent it's it's hanging there man
One thing about that serious stock it is really rock solid. Oh, yeah
If blow and wipe colors there and was there racing and traffic all the way around the far turn really had a very difficult time
Farragot's follies. I thought for a second it said faggot's follies F-A-R-R-A-L-U-W would
Farragot's follies
Philadelphia park we got the meadows in five minutes. Let's get racing intensive again
Like I tried what a shame that you got beat by a 30 to one shot oh well
It's just a damn good thing. There was only like 12 and a half bucks at stake or something like that on your double
You
It wasn't enough to get upset about I'm not upset
Well good then this Friday will have you bet like a zillion dollars great
How about a hundred bucks a race and when we'll stay until four o'clock we'll do like okay?
200 bucks a race 100 to win 100 to place
And then we'll start wheeling trifectives and you know like in 12 horse fields stuff like that if we could just bring that rich back
Oh, yeah, I had the super I had the super like you know my assistant
My advisor my mentor he was he was a great guy who's a lot of fun. We had you know how many years we went to the track together
I would say 100 when when he died last year or there before year before at least
2007 well, what do you mean at least it's been more than a year
All right, so say two years almost 30 years. We went to the track together. Huh
He had tickets in his wallet under his armpits in a shirt shirt pocket in his pants
When a race was over he'd be pulling tickets out from places that I can't even say on the air
I had the super and and he would be telling us the people who had no idea who he was
But then again, he was fat rich from the new Roger show. That's right
Just like when you do these spots. This is George Rodriguez from the new Roger show
He was fat rich from the new Roger's differences. I'm actually on the show. Yeah, well
It's a small occasionally. Yeah
What you're gonna be doing after the break till two. Ah, yeah, right
crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time
I tell him right away now listen here to a dick
correct
Oh
I'm a shawry boy, I'm a shawry boy
He's a shawry boy, I'm a shawry boy
He's a shawry boy, I'm a shawry boy
I'm a shawry boy, I'm a shawry boy
I'm a shawry boy, I'm a shawry boy
I wear it everywhere, I go
I wear it everywhere, I go
I wear it everywhere, I go
I wear it everywhere, I go
I wear it everywhere, I go
I wear it everywhere, I go
I wear it everywhere, I go
I wear it everywhere, I go
Our bodies all be jacked up on the south end service
I'll be ready to pray
I'll fight your whiteness
That's the predominant one
We'll call, we'll break my heart
Oh, pray a shawry boy
He's a shawry boy
Take your time and stand up
He's a shawry boy
He's a shawry boy
He's a shawry boy
He's a shawry boy
He's a shawry boy
He's a shawry boy
Yes, good night, yes, good night, be true, yes, oh
Yes, good night, yes, good night, be true, yes, oh
Yes, good night, yes, good night, be true, yes, oh
Yes, good night, yes, good night, be true, yes, oh
Yes, good night, yes, good night, be true, yes, oh
Yes, good night, yes, good night, be true, yes, oh
Yes, good night, yes, good night, be true, yes, oh
Yes, good night, yes, good night, yes, oh
All the bumble-mice is all the time
They're all your kids out there, just remember it's a bunch of
Hazarai, come 18 at 560 WQ, we got a little bonus
Racing coverage in there from the Meadows with screaming
bombastic arrogant, egotistical pompous
Jackass Roger Houston. He was the first
race caller at Pompano Park, did you know that?
I did not, but now you know that.
And then he was replaced by the very
ineffectual Jerry Glance, and then my good
close friend Jerry Savela was there for
100 years, and then they got this guy now.
I don't know whatever his name is.
I'm sure you're well aware of this,
the whole race calling thing.
It's all really. Is it? No.
Well, if you're not into horse racing,
then why would you care about who's calling the races?
I could not care.
What about a welding?
Oh, he's calling the race.
Or John Embryale.
Michigan man 93, froze to death and doors.
Bay City, Michigan, a 93 year old man,
froze to death inside his home and out top season
determined because they limited his flow of electricity
for not paying his bills.
Marvin E. Sure, SCHUR.
Marvin sure sounds Jewish to me.
Thought his slow, painful death said
Kano Verani sounds goyish.
Open counties, definitely chief medical examiner
at Shershot Topstein.
I think they froze his ass because he was Jewish.
Bay City, Michigan, mostly goyum there I would assume.
Neighbors discovered Shersbody,
January 17th. The indoor temperature was
below 32 degrees at the time.
Sure had no children,
as wife passed away several years ago.
The man had almost $1,100 unpaid electric bills said
neighbor George Powell's junior discovered the
Shershot Topstein.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
The utility installed a
limited device outside Shershom,
January 13th, said Bay City manager
Robert Senthonrother,
so they limited the electric flow to the home
and it blows out like a fuse
if more than allowed is drained.
He was draining it too much.
Bellman said that he had tried to explain to Shers
how to reset the device to restore power.
Well, too late now.
He froze to death.
93, I guess that's old enough though, huh?
I reckon.
But not the way you'd prefer to die.
No.
I'd rather not.
Freezing to death, boy.
Can you imagine that all the shaking going on?
Yeah.
I sure hope they didn't turn out water off too.
At least take a hot shower.
Every couple hours would be good.
Now, does your body go into shock when you freeze to death?
I don't know.
I assume that you just stop moving at some point.
Well, what do they call that when you go...
Because hypothermia.
Is that what it is?
How do they homeless people survive like here?
All these days, the last couple weeks one was like
minus 23 windshield and minus 30.
I mean, just grotesque temperatures.
Most transients, as you know,
hop a train south for the winter and those who don't.
No, no, I'm talking about the homeless people.
They're all bunch of them.
That's what I'm talking about.
Those who don't have a place.
They know a place.
They know a place.
Either a warm place.
No, no, you're not listening to me.
You don't understand.
I'm telling you that a lot of these people, they...
I am listening to you.
Because they have these vans and buses that go around to pick up the homeless off the streets on the real super cold days.
But a lot of refuse.
They just prefer to live out on the street corner.
Right, they find a place, a warm place.
Well, when you mean a warm place,
a street corner?
Yeah, like a street corner, something in overhead.
You know how sometimes banks have those...
Yeah, that is.
...warms place my ass.
How absurd is that?
35 degrees in a house.
It's warm.
Because they're sleeping near a grade or something or something.
Doesn't sound too great to me.
They find places.
Wow.
They survive.
Because I see these same people when I'm driving around.
They're having everything in the water and you find your warm places.
Rats, pigeons, everything.
They find places to be or they leave or they die.
Where do pigeons go?
Warm heating grates, things like that.
Really?
Exhaust vents, yeah.
How about the exhaust and my car would be good?
Probably.
All these damn pigeons crapping on my balcony.
That's all they know how to do.
There's two things they do and they're both very annoying.
Is that cool, cool, cool, cool, cool they do.
And number two, crapping all over the place.
That's all pigeons can do.
Pretty much.
And reproduce.
I mean, boy, they must be like the Chinese man.
They and like the Muslims.
They can reproduce like pigeons.
I mean, just incredible.
That's one thing in South Florida you don't have like a whole bunch of his pigeons.
We don't.
You do?
Are you kidding?
Get out of here.
Are you serious?
Port Lauderdale, anywhere in any government building?
A lot of pigeons.
Pigeons of bound, man.
I never saw anywhere near as many pigeons there.
And you also don't have black squirrels.
You live out in the swamp.
Yeah.
Pigeons like the urban areas and the park.
Keep them out of the swamp.
Keep them out of the acres, okay?
And you don't have any black squirrels either.
I think we just have the regular gray kind.
Now did I tell you that my, I told you this.
You didn't believe me.
My cab guy.
He has, it's not a pet squirrel because he doesn't keep it at his house.
It's in the neighborhood here because he works here, okay?
And for years, I think he said for like, I forget how many years, seven years, something like that.
He's been feeding this one squirrel.
They gave it a name.
And the squirrel comes up and lets him pet the squirrel.
Huh.
You know, he feeds it, right?
And it allows him to pet.
I never saw such a thing in my life.
I actually saw it a couple of times.
First of all, aren't squirrels like rats with long tails?
Bushy tails?
Right.
I don't think there are, yeah.
There are one.
That's them squirrels.
Rats with Bushy tails.
That's it.
Just what you said.
Yeah.
And most of them have rabbis.
There's a lot of Jewish squirrels here.
Not the black squirrels though.
I mean, I'm sure occasionally you'll find like a Sammy Davis squirrel.
A Rod Caru.
Black squirrels are neat.
They're neat looking.
Yep.
And the one good thing about them, man, about squirrels, they're scared to death.
Not pigeons so much though.
Pigeons because they've been intermingling with people for so long.
They just kind of stand there in your way, you know, like they'd dare you to step on them.
Uh-huh.
Don't they?
I mean, they don't like to screwing off like they're terrified of people.
They will eventually.
They will let you step on them.
Oh, yeah, that's true.
Or hit them when there's a whole bunch of them in the road, you know,
and you try like hell to knock off a whole bunch.
And they just manage to just barely escape, right?
They got it.
You ever hit a bird with your car?
Yes, I have.
Not a, not a pretty sight.
Nope, not fun, not pleasant.
A lot of splatter, that's what matter.
Randens says the guy about the elevator is right and wrong.
If the door's open between floors, the space isn't all the big default.
There's a little typo there.
However, if you're up on a high floor waiting for the elevator and the door's open and there's no cart, that's a problem.
And that's what I'm scared of, says Brandon.
You can have an urban legend.
You can't have an urban legend with a machine.
Machines can malfunction.
You know at some point or another, it's going to happen to somebody for real.
A malfunction at the junction.
That elevator door opens and oh geez, we're not at the 10th floor or the 12th, we're like somewhere in between.
Somewhere between the 11th and 12th floor and the doors open and you took one giant step out.
Oops.
If the elevator opens in between floors, you've got the floor right in front of you.
You know what I mean?
Instead of at your feet, it's in your face.
What are you talking about?
The elevator isn't going to open towards the floor.
It doesn't open backwards.
So even if you're between floors, you've got this big chunk of floor in front of you.
No, you don't.
What's your in between floors? Where the hell is the floor coming from?
The floor is there. It's right in front of your face.
Instead of at your feet, instead of at your feet where the floor is supposed to be, where you can step out onto it.
There it is, like at chest level. How do you miss that?
So in other words, you're saying the floors are that close together?
What do you mean close together?
There's a couple of feet apart.
When the elevator opens where it's supposed to be, what's in front of you is empty space and you step out into empty space.
There's a floor under you. You walk on it.
Okay. When the elevator opens in between floors, the floor is right there.
You can't walk out into anything. It's the floor there.
So in other words, the floor is that close together.
There's no space to fit.
What do you mean space? Space is what you get when the elevator opens where it's supposed to.
That's what you want.
You're not thinking about it.
I'm thinking about it.
The elevator is supposed to open in between the floors.
The floor under you.
No, the elevator is supposed to open when it gets to a floor.
Right at the right at the floor.
Right at the bottom of the elevator.
When the bottom of the elevator is the floor.
That's correct.
The floor of the elevator is level with the floor that you want to step onto.
No.
What you want to do is find a space for you.
All right.
That should do.
Welcome.
You will party so must take it slow.
Protect your insights.
Don't say.
We'll see even stills.
Or grandmas.
Or even Neil Young.
Neil God.
Trees.
You're liver well.
Don't drink like hell.
It'll surely go bad.
Oh please.
Just keep it clean.
It can't be fixed.
You'll need a donor.
Don't you ever party hard.
If you do, you could die.
Or just wait in a long while.
I'm tired of it.
I gave it cross me.
1234 at 560 WQM.
Here's one from Richard who says George is right.
The actual concrete floor is usually 8 inches thick on commercial buildings.
And then about 16 inches of surface area.
Lights, AC, ductwork, etc.
So when the elevator stops between floors, you would in fact have the floor.
Your chest.
Right.
I've had to do that.
If you either climb up,
really floor above you or cross down,
yeah, or crawl down to the floor under you.
But you know, you have to crawl under.
It depends on where exactly it stops.
Whether it's going to be easier to crawl up to the next floor or down to the lower floor.
But there's a big crawl under, then you drop down to the floor.
To the floor under you.
Yeah.
There's a big slab of floor there.
Oh, and thanks.
In front of you.
There's a big slab on the floor.
Big slab.
Like if I did it, there would be a floor, you know, like a sideways wall.
Oh.
Woo.
I wonder if we can play scrotums.
Um, I'll ask Joyce.
No, I don't think so.
Here's one.
I know.
Let's give that one a chance.
Well, I'm going back to this the best of 95 disc.
You recognize that there's a lot of good stuff on there.
There is.
And of course, the really good stuff we can play.
I know.
Makes me cry.
Here's one that says to keep the pigeons off your balcony.
Buy a rubber snake and put it where the birds land.
They don't like snakes as Mark and Miami.
Why?
Make two of you.
You like snakes?
I like them just fine.
Get out of here.
You're crazy.
Okay.
You like snakes?
I like them just fine.
Yeah, I think they're cool.
They feel me too.
I told you a million times about that little red snake in the in the boss's tea room at the
I.N.Z.
Zeta.
It was there was the day.
I think now it wasn't the day that Johnny Depp was there.
But one of my perks there because I had such big numbers on Zeta was the fact I was able to use the general manager's
tea room as opposed to like just a general one.
Yeah.
And so I'm in there one day doing a do's doing a joist and I'm sitting on the throne and I see this little snake red snake crawling around off like not that far away from where we're sitting.
It's a small tea room.
I know I've ever seen a red snake like in person.
Oh, I've seen some real red ones really.
Some like purple.
Yeah.
But anyway, you're making a joke out of it and you imagine you're sitting there and you're like in midstream so to speak.
You're like in mid-joice and here's a freaking snake on the floor.
Right.
I'm making a joke out of it because it's a very funny thought.
What?
The notion of someone being in the bathroom doing anything and then I'll ring a snake.
I mean, it wasn't like a big nasty snake that I was going to have to like hold my pants up and whatever.
Whatever you don't expect a snake in the bathroom.
That's right.
Well, maybe you can have your snake with this one.
Speaking of that, I went to take a leak at the wood by last night and one of their fine spacious gigantic tea rooms.
And there's an old man.
They're like five urinals.
And there's an old man like two urinals down and he's in the process of taking a leak.
But he's got his pants down to his knees, you know, unbuckled and I don't understand that.
You mentioned that.
Speaking of snakes.
I mean, what is it?
I don't know.
What does he got like a garden hose in there or something in his pants?
Feeling of freedom, you know.
Get out of here.
You don't have to like take your pants down to your freaking knees and take a leak.
The opposite is to see if you have a garden hose, then you can clear your clothing with no problem at all.
Right.
Maybe, you know, a button mushroom.
Maybe yeah.
Well, me too.
And never ever interfered with my take.
I can pee just fine.
Okay.
Oh, that's good to know.
Prostate healthy, is it?
Oh, it's just fine.
Good.
Like that article you read earlier, you know.
How many times are they considering all the horrible things that I've done with the diabetes and the fat?
Although I still wait like 189.
It's not that bad.
Is it that bad for me?
I don't know.
Because back in the IOD days, I was in the 240s.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
And eating enough food every day for the Chinese army.
I mean, just they were just pouring in the food in that place every day.
So there, take that and shove it, boy, Gary.
Oh, we don't want any food in there.
Yeah, right.
See, here's what I don't understand.
Other than being a total slob and smearing up the equipment with the food or spilling a bottle of soda in the board like that one more on did.
Other, other than that, what's the objection to it?
The fact that it's sound that people complain about eating with a mouthful on the air.
Too bad.
Right.
It's funny.
These people who pretend to have no sense of humor.
They just use that as an excuse to be like that.
You know, like, boy, Gary.
You know, it might be whether it's funny or not.
How about it's normal, it's natural.
When you go out to dinner, everyone's doing it.
Especially when you run like 10 to 2 and lunch hour falls in the middle of your show.
Just like right now, I'm polishing.
I'm going to go heat up a weiner.
I got some Schneider's al beef weiner.
All right.
Oh, your taste is so bad, Niel.
Since you've gone with the taro.
You know, I really don't have time to cook a sirloin steak or something really fancy shmancy or cook up a bowl of pasta, which I could.
I make a pretty mean pasta.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Good.
I look pasta.
Maggie says you're too funny.
I go to Dolphin training camp in the summer to watch practice every time I'm off.
You get to see the new player.
See who's going to be good plus sitting the sauna for a few hours.
Love your show, Maggie.
Well, thanks, Maggie, but I wasn't being funny.
I still think people who go to watch players practice.
Any sport needs serious, serious assistance as in.
I have no life.
Right.
They ought to be rounded up and put it.
Instead of going to Dolphin camp, they had to go to a concentration camp.
And be put in order to concentrate.
Maybe we can send them to get more.
Well, he's down for those terrorists.
Let's send all the all the practice watchers to get more would be good.
Not that far away.
Mm-hmm.
How about you, Fidel?
Would love to have a bunch of lifeless idiots there.
He's already got a bunch.
Don't you just love those orange jumpsuits, by the way?
Yeah.
Can I get one?
I think it's a fashion statement.
It looked like a surf's peanut.
You can kiss my rear end.
Tired of the same boring old communion wafers in holiday mass?
Open wide, Billy, and prepare to receive thy savior.
Oh, geez, father of malee wafers again.
Now, Billy, this isn't just any wafers.
It's not?
No, for the divine miracle of transubstantiation,
I've turned this ordinary wafer into the divine blessed body of Christ.
Well, why does a body of Christ have to taste so yucky?
Spice of your next communion with new Christ Aroni.
Christ Aroni is a special blend of rice, spices, and seasonings,
plus a bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy fork fork,
and Christ Aroni cooks up perfect every time, as he should.
Hmm, can I have some more Christ, father?
That's Christ Aroni, Billy.
Amen to that.
Christ Aroni, the transubstantiation treat.
Oh, yeah, past the wafers and past the wine and past the BS, baby.
For 45, whoever invented all those trappings, man, was very, very clever.
Yep.
Trappings and crappings.
Brainwashing, that's what it's all about.
Oh, you need to deprogram the cult people.
They're all cults.
Every single one of them is a cult.
Yep.
And everybody who's ever been brainwashed in any of them needs to be deprogrammed
and mediators.
Any hope?
The only difference is size, success level.
Size?
Yeah, size matters.
When you're a cult.
Scott and Phanellis Park says,
my recurring nightmare is a living one.
It's living here in Phanellis Park.
Well, somebody tell my neighbors that the South lost and they can stop flying that effing flame.
Like I've said before, this city makes tamarack look like paradise.
Says Scott and Phanellis Park.
PS, Gandhi Bridge does go to Derby Lane.
I live around the corner from it.
I don't like that, Gandhi Bridge.
And or bridges like that.
I'm trying to think of other places where I've driven with those very narrow, long, long bridges.
And I'll tell you what else I don't like.
And they have a lot of them in Pennsylvania.
Tunnels.
Yeah.
Never drive through tunnels.
Sure, I like tunnels.
You do?
Yeah, they're fun.
Oh, no, they're not.
Especially the real long ones.
Oh, yeah.
So you think like you're never going to get out of that?
Oh, yeah, it's a lot of fun.
And some lunatic is going to cross the WL line and come on your side of the tunnel.
Mm-hmm.
I don't mind, you know, short tunnels.
But like on the Pennsylvania Turnpike, I think of this, they just go on forever.
Long, long, nasty, annoying tunnels.
Well, they had to drill through those mountains, you know?
Yep.
Can you even begin to imagine that?
How do they do that?
Dynamite.
Dynamite?
Yep.
Must have been a lot of dynamite to...
You know it.
Vroom, huh?
You know it.
I'll be damned.
Here's one that says George is delusional.
Well, we know that.
The only floor under the elevator is the bottom floor.
Keep him away from the elevator or making use of the stairs.
Or better yet, push him down a few flights and see if he lands beneath the wall.
Between the floors.
Yeah.
They don't... they don't... they have no spatial awareness.
They don't know what I'm talking about.
The only floor under the elevator is the bottom floor.
I wasn't talking about under the elevator, moron.
Not you, the person that wrote that.
Don?
Yeah.
What were you talking about?
The floor of the building.
The elevator is a box that lines up if you hope.
With the floors.
If it doesn't line up with the floors, the floor is right in front of you.
Not the floor of the elevator, but the floor of the building is right in front of you.
And you either need to jump down to the floor below you, not under the elevator.
Or the floor above you.
Not over the elevator.
Beside the elevator.
Let's have a fist fight about it, dad.
Come on.
I'm not going to argue with these spatially challenged morons.
I'm still trying to visualize, you know?
I just hope that I never have to see that.
See, look, when you step out onto the floor, the floor is under you, right?
If the elevator doesn't go all the way up there, the floor is going to be in front of you.
It's going to be in your face.
It's going to be face-level.
You just level, waste-level, something.
Head-level.
Not where it's supposed to be.
Yeah.
All right.
But you're going to see it.
It's going to be there in your face.
It doesn't disappear.
And what about if it's head-level?
Or just above the head-level.
Then you jump down to the lower floor.
You jump down to the lower floor.
You don't jump under the elevator.
And how many feet would FBs?
Whatever.
It depends on where the elevator actually stops.
Sometimes not a very, very sufficient jump.
Yeah, maybe.
There's typically about 10 feet of distance between floors.
Generally.
Here's one from a fire rescue guy.
It says if the elevator stops between floors, the doors usually won't open completely.
They need to be pride-open.
Correct.
And the floor slab is more than a foot thick.
Nobody's going to fall.
Relax.
Fire rescue will save you.
That's right.
It says.
You hope.
Well, I don't think so.
I'm not in the disability.
Do you remember the time that we had the fire alarm?
That's why I was saying that.
And nobody showed up.
That's right.
And of course, we had a stake as we were on the air.
Everybody else in the building got to evacuate the building.
Including even Fat Boy, which at that time wasn't in the wheelchair or something.
They had a wheel as fat as we had.
Yeah, it's out of it.
It's comedy, but commemorating the decade.
Right.
But the fire department never showed up and then come to find out that the fire department for our...
The neighborhood of the radio station is like right around the corner of their corner there on Ives Derry Road.
It's like about two blocks away.
It couldn't be bothered.
Maybe they were busy sliding up and down and grease poles together, huh?
You could slide down.
Speaking of greasy Adam in the wherever he is, some horrible place in Ontario,
says, Possum's are in Toronto now, too.
Not just pigeons.
There's one living in the garbage at my parents place.
The thing is vicious and isn't scared of people.
Maybe it saw you, Adam, who would make me vicious.
I need to buy a gun and blow its brains out.
That effort is just mean.
Soon enough, Neil, you'll have Possum's invading your place.
I don't care what floor you live on, they'll find a way.
I hope so, so I'm not the only one.
You're not the only one.
What?
My backyard is Possum Kingdom, man. They're brazen.
I don't think I've ever seen a Possum.
Really?
Oh, you wouldn't forget.
I'm trying to think of what it was on the fence one time.
See, I made a bad mistake.
I used to capture those Bufo Toads.
Yeah.
And what I did was I got a big tub of Chlorox.
And the way I would kill them is I would drop them.
And I had the tub outside adjacent to my fence.
I'm going to call the Peter people on you.
Why?
For you like Bufo Toads?
You got a dog, man.
Yeah.
I don't like them.
Well, you murderer.
You people at the University of Miami who imported Bufo Toads off that plane years ago.
Oh, yeah, the crate fell out into the runway and the Bufo Toads hopped out.
Isn't that great?
What a story, huh?
Yep.
Real rocket scientists there at UM.
Like Tony Cigaretteau.
But anyway, so I used to have this big thing.
And of course, animals can smell the aroma of like dead flesh and whatever.
Whatever the stench was coming from that tub with the dead Bufos.
And so one night I let my dogs out and the golden retrievers out there and he's like,
stay.
He didn't want to come in.
And I look and I see this.
I guess it was, I don't know, it was a raccoon or a possum.
Do they look alike?
Uh, no.
Nasty thing on top of the fence.
What was it?
What was it?
A giant rat?
Like a giant white rat with beady little pink eyes or a dark.
I didn't get that close to it to take a look at it.
It was wearing a blacker.
It was at white.
Dark raccoon.
Okay, there was this cone on the fence.
And my golden retriever was like out there like, uh, daring his teeth and I thought,
oh boy, that's all we need.
Huh?
Because they might get rabies from that.
Not only that, but can you imagine what they could just probably rip a dog to pieces?
Am I wrong?
They could injure the dog, but the dog would win.
Well, at any rate, I made him come in the house and I closed it or were real good.
I closed my screen door real good, could keep the coons out.
What?
Good plan.
They might have rabies.
They'll give you dog rabies.
Exactly.
All of them file animals just like the squirrels you're talking about.
The squirrels carry rabies.
That's right.
And sometimes the rabies run off with their nuts.
Hmm.
How are we doing on that pull?
I don't like this pull either.
Some they will do a pull.
I actually like it.
You like this one about although it got a lot of a response recurring nightmares.
That's all right.
Whatever does the nightmares I and I wake up and that I'm dreaming that I'm working for a Joe Bell.
They rebuilt the Gandhi bridge a few years ago.
Says my friend boss.
The old one is on the friendship trail.
It's the friendship.
I believe it's been a while since you traveled it so that bridge is no longer good.
Two narrow, man.
Two narrow.
Look at this.
John sends compliments.
Oh, and it's long too good.
Just what we need.
John kill some good time in that one to two hour.
And you do take this seriously that they're going to be compliments because most people find
that boring.
And I would agree that a lot of the asking ones are boring.
Oh, you guys are the best.
Well, I love your show Larry.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Complaints neither one of them are material.
Mark and Kendall says George has the right idea about the elevators do not crawl out.
That's when most accidents happen.
I know you hate attachments, but this picture will help you visualize what is being talked about.
Tell Brandon a butcher.
You and George are great.
Well, that's what he said in the last.
Thank you.
Thanks, Mark.
Okay.
Well, it's only a part of a picture and it's chopped off at the bottom.
I see.
So it's like I guess him.
Squeezing open the elevator doors and I can't really see whether there's a floor there or not.
So I could open the attachment, but I won't.
Wayne Beeson is back again.
Roe of protg Tim Gogline will now spend fiction for focus says to truth.
Winds out called Tim Gogline a perfect hire to be the lead Washington lobbyist for focus on the family.
Oh, focus, focus focus on the family.
A bunch of far missing a crazy glam.
Well, here's an ad for a Taco Bell.
They're hiring snaggajob.com.
Really?
Yeah, if you're out of work, go to work at Taco smell.
Maybe you'll get some of that free meat.
I don't care what anybody says.
I like Taco Bell.
I'm not going to apologize for it.
I like it.
I don't just like it a little bit.
I like it a lot.
It's not gourmet cuisine.
It's not the fancy schmancy.
That's supposed to be.
I like it a lot.
Oh, no.
The shocking and appalling complaints from two families who claim they found maggots crawling on their dead well.
There's a prompt in the state to virtually shut down the morning glory funeral chapel.
This is in St. Petersburg.
I don't want to read that.
It's still some people are eating lunch.
Right.
Really sick.
I'm not a big maggot guy, you know?
No.
Taco is, he's a maggot magnet.
Oh, I see.
You know I mean by that?
Yeah, I do.
If they're out there, they'll find him like my mother.
Is she really?
Oh, yeah.
Well, no one else would associate with her, you know?
I beg your pardon?
No one would associate with her.
No one would write my note piece and human being would associate with her.
Oh, quick picking on your mom.
Sure, she's a real sweet old bitch.
I mean, home invaded this Sunday.
She what?
She home invaded me on Sunday.
Maybe that's why everybody in the house is sick now.
They were already sick.
Oh, well good.
Maybe she got it.
No.
I doubt it.
Oh.
She's a force of nature, a force of evil.
Oh boy, it's the one to two hours.
Thank you.
I'm the type of guy with a big square head.
I went on my fights, except the ones that beat him.
I'm crooked a wind.
Yes, I'm the type of guy who's pounded Michael's things
and showed him that he's short.
And his boxing really stinks.
I'm the type of guy.
Who always is alert.
I show Carl Williams that the truth can really hurt.
You're the type of guy that shanks and I'm a bum.
So I just say to you that you are due, empty dumb.
I'm the type of guy with my weaving and my bobbin.
I only lost one fight and the pictures name was robin.
I'm the type of guy who makes the people laugh and put the man down
in a minute and a half.
I'm the type of guy who makes the people stare.
Get me cut out, keep all my cash and don't keep hair.
I'm the type of guy and the public just attack me.
And if you don't believe it, then you had better ask me.
I'm the type of guy.
That's what I'm hitting the world.
Well, keep your butt.
I'm the type of guy.
Rob will give it some time.
I'm the keep your butt.
Yes, I'm the type of guy.
Next fight comes to my face.
I'm a kick you know what?
I'm that type of guy.
Don't get to me all my keep your butt.
So let me ask you how that pull come out.
How come Gary Sarner is such an A-hole?
So I got my Schneider as all beef weeny.
Well good.
I'm eating right now and you're very good.
Oh, there we go.
The nation.
The what?
The nation magazine.
I see.
Let's fast.
You must have that thing like just right in front of you.
Yeah, I got it off to the side here.
Why?
I see.
No, it doesn't.
I read that very quickly.
Well, my eyesight is still functional.
Go ahead and ask me how.
I got a false alarm on that compliments one at long email.
Oh, I see.
I know this email will come to you as a surprise.
Please accept the content and good faith.
My name is Berrister John Wood, a legal practitioner in law.
Yaddi, yaddi, yaddi, yaddi.
My late client was an influential wealthy businessman.
He left behind a deposit of $2 million, $200,000 US, a 12-minute.
Why?
And a commercial bank here in London.
After the death of my client, his bankers contacted me as his attorney to provide his next of kin who shouldn't hurt his funds.
Fortunately, I came across your name to my greatest establishment.
You build the same surname with my late client and coincidentally, you are nationals of the same country.
Bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
I'm sorry.
Why couldn't quarters tell me that about how he's going to do the story till March?
Maybe that's news to him. I don't know.
You want me to sound?
He's trying to give me like they got some pre-arranged deal behind the scenes you know.
Okay.
Sure.
Uh-huh.
Well I'm trying to finish my weenie.
I understand.
I'll play some music if you want.
No don't spin no wax.
Oh stop with that.
You just don't like them engines.
I don't like what?
Them engines.
That's wrong.
Andian Indians.
You are absolutely wrong.
You probably would not like uh...
And...
Wouldn't like what?
Andian Indians.
Aren't they attractive?
Uh...
Do you use your word?
No.
Well, Indian Indians a lot of them are very attractive.
Yes.
A lot of them are similarly hot.
This particular band.
Andian Indians just look sad.
Do they really?
They look like they have sad faces.
Kind of like the people who work at Q&A.
Like somebody just killed their dog.
Yeah, very much like that.
Kind of like that.
Oh, quiet despair.
I wrote it down.
Me too.
Quiet despair.
Describes where is the ambiance in the Q&A always.
Quiet despair.
Living a life of quiet despair.
But that's right.
But that's right.
I put on a t-shirt.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Sometimes I'm not so quiet.
I guess.
Sometimes I wail.
And moan.
I'm almost finished with my weeny.
No problem.
No, I'm not sure if we got that big hurricane basketball game.
Any interest?
No.
No, go to practice.
That line from Maggie about, oh, you're so funny.
I'm going, yeah, right.
You know the kind of people who go to practice besides the guys?
Who want to hang around and the jocks nippers?
Yeah.
The real horny broads who couldn't get laid in a pickle patch.
And they want to get up close and see the players, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Like the hockey games used to be like that.
Right?
And they put their nose on the glass and...
Oh, if I could just get a sniff of Pob El Breu.
Oh, my God.
I'm gagging on my weeny.
But the first time.
Oh, yeah.
And washed it down with some diet, Dr. Pepper, which you're very, uh, a gas dip.
Yeah.
What do you got against Dr. Pepper?
It tastes like crap.
It does not.
It awful.
It is not.
Wrong.
Hate the smell of it, the taste of it, everything about it.
I hope that you get stuck between two elevator floors with nothing for hours and hours, but a...
But a half-ranked portion of diet, Dr. Pepper.
I'll die.
I'll die before I drink.
A two-liter bottle of a take me to your leader.
There's nothing wrong with Dr. Pepper.
It's nasty.
No, it is not.
No, I like really, I don't know if they make it anymore.
Mr. Pib?
It's same thing.
It is, yeah.
Get out of here.
It's the same thing.
Do they still make...
Mr. Pib is a copy of Dr. Pepper.
It's like...
Is it really?
One of the whoever invented Dr. Pepper, Pepsi or Coke, Mr. Pib is the other company's version of it.
Okay, well, I'll tell you.
Let me get my two-liter bottle up here.
Okay.
Let's see who makes this.
Yucky.
Cadbury Beverages of Canada, Mr. Saga.
Never been in Mr. Saga?
No.
It's just like...
You know how like South Florida just goes from one suburb to another up the Gold Coast?
Right.
That's how it is here.
It's sprawl.
You go to Ashrewa and Mr. Saga and all these other places.
No carbs, no sugars, no proteins, no...
No, no good taste.
Just lots of bad taste.
So it's made by Cadbury and you're assuming it was made by Coke or Pepsi?
It's a bit belongs to one of those families.
I'm sure.
Mike and Four Meyers says, I'd like to thank you for playing me in the great lead-in bits from nearly 90s.
What was him in lead-in bits?
Well, we played bits, I guess, that's what he's talking about.
Lead-in bits?
Lead-in to the show.
I still have the cassette of 1992 in my car whenever I need a good life, I pop it in and the tape too.
And fast forward to the chronic from lutes.
Listening to the morons that Codure showed today may be long for this clown.
Mike and Four Meyers, what does that mean?
We didn't take any calls today.
Maybe he wrote that the day we were.
Maybe he was listening on the archives.
That could be.
And of course, whatever he wrote there didn't make any sense anyway.
Joe says, perhaps I could clear this up.
We got some serious elevator contra-tops going on here today.
No, we do.
Not really.
When you're on the first floor of a building, the ceiling above you is the floor for the second floor, right?
The distance between the ceiling of one floor and the floor of the next is only about a foot or two.
This means that if an elevator door opened between floors, you would see that two-foot slab
which constitutes the difference between the ceiling of one floor and the floor of another.
Mm-hmm.
I don't get it.
Well, first you have to have an imagination.
And some common sense wouldn't help.
You know, wouldn't hurt either.
Yeah, I see.
Yeah.
Listen, like you live on a building that has an elevator and floor is right?
No, I don't live on a building. I live in a building.
All right.
It's got a whole bunch of floors.
Right.
A lot of them.
If you want to go to the fifth floor, for example, and the elevator doesn't go all the way to the fifth floor,
it only goes halfway to the fifth floor and the door is open.
What you see is the fifth floor right in front of your face or level with your face, level with your chest, level with your belt,
level with something other than the floor of the elevator, which is what it ought to be level with.
Yeah.
It's very common sense.
The floors don't disappear just because the elevator stops in the wrong place.
Okay.
Oh, Larry King with the cart request.
There's no fake one.
Go to hell fake, Larry.
Yeah.
Go die.
Oh, well, what I would I love to be a fly on the wall and see, see the operation with this fake Alice and the fake Larry.
It's just enough already.
I don't even mention half of the stuff that I get like the default biography.
You should have seen that last hour.
On and on.
I wouldn't be surprised if it's me for a hand cup much going on.
Here's one that says my recurring nightmares involve zombies.
I think zombies should be on the pool.
Warm regards.
Take her.
I'm ready for when the zombies come park.
Uh huh.
We're not adding anything to the pool, by the way.
Sorry.
So, what?
So zombies?
No.
If you want to add, go ahead and I'm going to change it soon.
Like a two o'clock.
Moses, Neil, I have a recurring nightmare where my teeth all fall out.
Have you ever heard of anything like that?
I have another dream where I flap my arms like a big bird and fly around town.
Weird, huh?
No, very normal.
It sounds like to me.
Now, what do you make about all these people who are like dream psychologists and analyze your dreams and allegedly tell?
I think they just make it up.
It's possible.
The whole thing with psychology, you know.
Oh, yeah, it's all bullcrab.
And it's, you know, got to make a living.
Mosque 11 is a.
It's not like there isn't something to it, but I'm just wondering what kind of a grip they have on it today.
George Ann's got an elevator story.
Okay.
She says, I know of a twoster that happened a couple of years ago.
I don't know what state or what hospitalists have in him.
And the story goes that some doctor who was trying to get in the elevator while it was closing, the door shut and decapitated his head while the other passenger's an elevator wrote up with a head in the car.
Right.
Oh, this is Rob in South Miami who also goes by the name Georgiana.
Yes.
You know how that is?
Some guys are online.
They're like, Georgia and Susette.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Probably trolling for young guys.
Rob in South Miami who probably going to become a priest someday.
Do you believe that story?
No, another, no, another suburban legend.
I mean, don't all elevators have sensors all along?
I'm going to be honest with you.
One day, listen, this one over here didn't stop once.
One day downstairs, I put my hand in the elevator because the people that were getting off were not the usual Toronto polite.
They were rude and they went out of their way to make sure that the door was going to close.
And I put my hand in there so the sensor would reopen the doors and it didn't.
Right.
And shamed up one of my knuckles pretty good for a couple weeks.
I don't trust those sensors.
But aren't they also supposed to have that by law?
Yeah.
A lot of things are supposed to happen by law.
Yeah.
You know what the joystick reminds me of speaking the law?
I was thinking of this while sitting on the throne.
I need to share it.
Please.
I'm going to sneeze though.
Please share all your thrown adventures with us.
We love them.
Bless you.
No, this whole business about each company makes up its own FCC.
You know, the guidelines and so on getting back to a poor Bubba who's just discovering that he's being joist.
His life has been turned to crap.
It's like it would be like if you were driving on a street like in Broward County and the stock and the science had 45 mile hour speed limit.
And the couple you over and you were driving exactly 45 and you said what's the matter officer?
I'm going to speed limit.
Well, that's that's the county or the local municipalities speed limit.
But our police force decided you should only go 30 on this road.
Right.
Do you think that's a very apt analogy?
Sure.
It's called making it up as we go along.
That's just to be faster.
This is your ball on the voice of the Toronto May beliefs.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
I still remember getting my first candy from my grandfather.
It was worthless original and I was more.
I remember it like it was only yesterday.
Hey Billy, let's play a game.
What?
Guess what I've gotten my bucket.
A piece of candy.
Eh?
Guarded by a snake.
Right good.
Grimp, I don't want to play this game anymore.
Okay.
Let's play find the candy and the crevice.
Oh, Grimp, I don't always know when you put it there.
Yes, those games would grandpa scarred me for life.
Which is why now that I'm the grandfather, I'm scouring a whole new generation with worthless original.
Hey Timmy, say hi to Wet Willie, the worthless wonderworld.
Oh no, not the wonderworld.
Worthless original, giving children nightmares for over 60 years.
Oh, there we go with nightmares again, excellent.
All right.
One 19 at QAM.
Here's one from Dr. Pepper from Mikey.
Long time list of occasional color or writer.
Just a couple of things that possible decent pool idea.
If you recall those billboards suggesting people cheat on their spouses.
How about a pool asking a simple yes or no?
Would you cheat if you knew you'd get away with it?
Also to George, are you surprised Neil drinks that anxious, awful medicine tasting Dr. Pepper?
Just look at some of the, just look at some of the other stuff Neil puts in his mouth.
Love your shows, Neil and George, please never stop.
Says Mikey.
Mikey likes it.
That's funny.
What's going on here?
Oh my god.
The how Dr. Pepper was created was a good story.
Paul Harvey told me.
Page five of eight million.
Oh, stop, stop, stop.
Somebody sent me something here about the winners.
Oh, that goes on for about 600 pages.
Baldwin Street hot dog taste dog.
And it just pouring out.
I guess all the comments to this story.
Yep.
Are coming in too.
I shouldn't have mentioned either Schneider's winner.
Why?
Because no matter what, it was just like the Dr. Pepper.
Whatever I eat, oh it's bad.
It's terribly so.
You're tasting, you know, not everything.
Just Dr. Pepper.
David Abel says, still the best.
Don't call Neil.
Nobody does it better.
Keep doing what you do and screw everybody else.
Thought you might like this open letter to Ronald manual.
Then it's got a link and I deleted it.
I don't read links.
I don't open links.
I don't read attachments.
I don't have time to pock you around with it.
And I keep telling people over.
But you know, if it keeps you off the street.
Go ahead.
Oma Mb.
We usually send some pretty good stuff only this time.
Just went crazy.
Really?
And sent me 75,000 pages of swill about hot dogs.
It says, I finally gave these a try after hearing so much hype.
Schneider's winners.
I had recently returned from the States with some Hebrew nationals.
And thought a taste off was in order.
I included Schneider's obi hot dogs comparison.
Three of us tasted.
I was the only person who knew which was which.
The other two tasted.
Didn't even know what brands are being tasted.
I steamed the hot dogs and served them plain.
The results are overwhelming and unanimous.
Hebrew National was by far the winner, even though the hot dogs had set in my freezer for two weeks.
And the other two were fresh from the store.
I would agree with that.
Hebrew National are much better than Schneider's.
Only a lot of the stores don't carry Hebrew nationals.
They're anti-Somantic.
We dislike the Baldwin street hot dogs.
I didn't even heard of that.
Did you?
Nope.
Everyone agreed they had a harsh unpleasant taste.
The Schneiders were limp and tasteless with a rubbery consistency.
That's correct.
Still the two blind tasted and preferred them to the Baldwin street dogs that they had to choose.
So the big loser was Baldwin street.
That's why we call it hype.
I see.
56 we applied so far to this.
And that's why all these other pages came through here.
Mama P.
The first one is the only one worth.
Isn't it said we have to travel to the States to get decent tasting hot dogs?
I still can't figure why Nathan's won't distribute their dogs to Ontario.
The same with Hebrew National.
Nathan's is in all the supermarkets here.
What are they talking about?
This must be old crap.
No April 12, 2008.
Last time I went to Buffalo, I brought back Nathan's bigger than the Bon Hot Dogs.
Grilled them and they were undoubtedly the best tasting dogs I've had in a while.
Next time I've mentioned about the flow, I'm going to bring back some more.
I didn't know they would let you bring back food products, especially like meat.
They must be hiding them in their pants or something.
So this goes on about salami.
Barbecued salami is one of life's, I never had barbecued salami.
Did you?
No, I'll write that down.
Something to do.
Never heard of it.
Well, if I didn't, I liked it.
They'd say, oh no, it's horrible.
A principle of the company that distributes new minskies brand from Montreal.
Turned up on Chowhound a few weeks ago.
The company's known for making high quality food products.
I tasted minskies once.
It says they look good.
They're proved to be absolutely disgusting.
Wow.
It says there's a demand for Nathan's and Hebrew National here.
Pretty, they don't seem to care about that.
We got Nathan's.
We got Hebrew National.
You just have to go to a lock into a Dominion and do like a real supermarket and do them too lazy for that.
Let's have a big fight about weenies, okay?
No, you don't know your weenies, Mr. Lo Schneider's really stink.
Well, they happen to be what I got to refrigerate it right now, okay?
If anyone not go, weenies.
What?
That said, how's it going, eh?
What'd you say?
If anyone knows they're weenies.
I know them.
In fact, I work with a bunch of them and I get emails from a whole lot of them.
Weenies.
Oh my God.
The stuff that doesn't even get on the ear.
I mean, I'm always thinking my time with them.
I'm learning my lesson as time goes on.
My conforme is back again.
I don't want to be the guy who emails recalls more than once a day.
But just to clarify regarding my caller's comment from earlier, you were right.
I was listening to the archive yesterday show where you did take calls.
Bad mistake.
I wonder if he means bad mistake taking the calls or bad mistake in what he sent before.
Both.
My conforme is, by the way, since I emailed twice today, I won't do so tomorrow.
There's no limit on emails, Mike.
Email you want.
If you have something, right.
If you have nothing, then don't just keep emailing like Jimmy Dorsky, for example, which I
noticed took a rest today for a change.
I mean, just on and on and on with these long ponderous.
Oh my God.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
Long and ponderous.
Yep.
Kenny Vamer sent me this article.
Elevator severed man's legs.
Hmm.
Terrible accident in the Bronx in the middle of the night.
A man's legs were severed by an elevator.
The elevator, which was carrying 17 people, got stuck between fours.
That's when the man who was not identified, but when described by cops as being in his 20s,
was following two other men who would safely climbed out of the elevator of the lobby.
As he shimmied through the open doors, the elevator began to move.
Severing the man's legs, witnesses said.
The accident left the 14-page standing inside the elevator, splattered and blood.
The man is in critical condition.
Other passengers are rescued an hour later.
This is a horrible accident.
We wonder if the accident will be investigated because 17 people sounds like a lot for an elevator,
even though we don't know what the capacity of the elevator was.
We can't plan the guy for trying to get out.
Given the story of the Chinese food delivery man was stuck for three days,
but maybe this is a lesson y'all to stay still.
Hmm.
See, that'll teach you.
You want to crawl out and then all of a sudden the elevator starts moving.
And wow, there goes your legs.
There goes your legs.
Head or something.
There goes your junk.
That that word, by the way, just drives me up the wall.
And why did it all of a sudden make such a great resurgence?
It's one of those things.
The only time I can ever remember hearing that word used was in like,
what was that movie with George Scott where the daughter was a porn,
became a porn star or something?
Oh, give me a minute.
I've only seen it like twenty times.
What if you might junk?
What if you had an also in bookie nights and stuff?
In that movie.
No.
George, he's got it.
It was a hardcore.
Hardcore, right?
I'm pretty sure he says definitely in bookie nights, one of my stuff.
Pretty sure he says stuff.
They said why?
In hardcore, I'm pretty sure he said stuff.
Oh, well stuff is better than junk stuff it.
Rack them all boy.
Good thing it's time for a break.
I'm better than the book I saw in the nature of the testicles.
The testicles.
You miss all those hours,
spend as a kid watching the three stugias,
and now as an adult,
you'll learn for their juvenile slapstick addicts.
Well, on the board.
New from Chef Records,
it's sounds of the stugias.
Sounds of the stugias is a 6 CD box set containing more than 1500
crime cuts of their classic eggs.
You'll get the eye poke.
The hammer over the head,
the flyers on the nose routine.
And of course, the ever-boppyter 3D and swag.
Plus, if you order the next 30 minutes,
you'll get this never-before-heard musical solo effort by Curly,
dating all the way back to 1967.
Hey, Mom!
I'll see you in the sky with diamonds.
So, if you want to relive perhaps the lowest moments in the history of Low-Row Comedy,
why not order sounds of the stugias today?
And soon you'll say...
I told you to stop.
And...
Let me tell you what else you'll say.
I'm sure of it.
131 A.M.
So, David Abel sent me that open letter to, um,
Rahm Emanuel again.
And I deleted it again.
I don't have to go to law.
It was...
I was boring.
Sorry, David.
Okay, it just didn't ring any bells with me.
Didn't... I don't know.
However, Chuck says,
Dr. Pepper is great.
Well, then that settles it.
And...
It sounds like the elevator decapitation is true.
I'll find the article below on snopes.com.
Claim, a Houston doctor was decapitated by an elevator.
Status true.
He says, Dr. Pepper is great.
And thanks for turning me on to Peaches, George.
Peaches what?
I don't know.
Peaches O'Toole.
Peaches records.
Oh, Peaches records long.
Peaches the fruit.
Oh, Peaches the artist.
The musical artist.
Sorry.
Boy, you are.
Wow.
Well, me and you are two floors.
You're a lot of things, you know?
Well, there's Obama with Republicans.
Well, you all got a real dirty look on their face.
Will you quit playing that horseball music ears?
It's Peaches.
Welcome to some good ideas.
All right.
I do have a president, Obama coming out of that to close our meeting with...
Well, thank God he came out of there.
Okay. All those Republicans in one room.
Oh, my God.
Now, remember I mentioned this to you before the show I think about certain cases of obesity being contagious?
Yeah.
It's a good excuse.
Like I said, like, oh, I got a bad thyroid.
I got an underactive thyroid gland.
I got, you know, whatever.
New study results bolstered the controversial hypothesis that certain cases of obesity being contagious.
Over the last 20 years, some research has suggested that certain strains of human and avion and...
and... and dental viruses.
Am I saying that right?
A dental viruses?
Sounds good to me.
Responsible for ailments ranging from chest cold to pink eye, actually make individuals build up more fat cells.
Having antibodies to one strain in particular, the so-called N36, proved to correlate with the heaviest obese people.
And in one study, pairs of twins differed in a heft depending on exposure to that virus.
Now, researchers have identified another strain of adenovirus that makes chickens plump.
Oh, like those weirds, man.
They plump when you cook them.
That's right.
Which ones are those?
Ballpark francs.
Oh, those are horrible.
Physiologist Leo Wiggum of University of Medicine, Wisconsin Medicine and her colleagues,
and I've clearly lived the young male chickens with three strains of adenovirus, ADU2, AD31, AD37.
She and her team monitor the chickens for three and a half weeks, recording their food intake throughout.
Though the infected chickens and non-infective controls consume the same amount of food,
we're exposed to the same conditions, chickens carrying AD37 were found to have nearly three times as much fat in their guts,
and more than two times as much fat over their entire body at the end of three and a half week period.
The other two virus strains appear to have little effect on weight.
AD37 is the third human adenovirus to increase adepocity in animals,
but not all adenovirus produce obesity.
Wiggum and her fellow authors wrote in there, report presenting the findings in the current issue of American Journal of Physiology,
which we read religiously on this show.
Although it remains unclear exactly how AD37 adds fat, it joins a growing list of such viruses, including K9 this temper, AD5 and AD36.
AD36 has been shown in an in vitro study by researcher Nick Hild,
a fellow self-enterother of the Pennington Biomedical Research Center,
to help human cells go from having the potential to store fat to actually storing it.
I'm not saying that all obesity is caused by viruses, they note.
Obesity is multiple causes, and viruses may be one of them.
Oh, I got a virus. I got the fat virus. It must have infected the whole building, you know what?
Oh my God, when the Humper was there in Josh Friedman and the Beast and Me.
Chubby Chris.
Next up for a study that says the exact mechanism by which a virus could lead to obesity,
this in turn might lead to a vaccine that could prevent AD36 infections.
The long-term goal is to see if we can prevent adenovirus-induced obesity.
Whether or not hand washing will help with the way management returns, it remains to be determined,
but two researchers shared a Nobel Prize this past year for their work,
and uncovering the bacterial root of some ulcers after years of consensus
that stress caused the uncomfortable stomach affliction.
It makes people feel more comfortable to think that obesity stems from lack of control,
where you're mad, it's a big mental thing to think you can catch obesity.
Oh, brother.
So many excuses.
I'm going to round up a posse and go after those people who made me fat.
I bet you the late fat riches partly responsible.
That's right.
Even though I was fat a lot before I met him.
And mom, and ablers, that's right.
They're passing in a, oh, and by the way, they got the bird flu in somewhere in British Columbia, some farm.
Remember that? They were peddling that crap a few couple of years ago.
Maybe five years ago.
Oh, we're all going to die from the bird flu.
Yeah.
But I'm sure that one of the big pharmaceutical companies will come up with a real good pill or vaccine or something.
Just like when the, when the anthrax, they remember that sipro?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, they were buying up sipro.
Man, they were stealing it.
They were killing people to get their bottle of sipro.
And then nobody else ever got the anthrax stuff.
Anthrax.
Yeah.
Take a powder.
Take a BC powder.
I think BC powder and RC cola man.
Anything with initials is real Yahoo stuff.
I still think I like RC cola.
I haven't had it in so many years.
I don't remember.
Do you?
It's fine. It's just fine.
So what's wrong with Dr. Pepper?
It's a, it's foul.
It is not.
They're nasty.
Oh, my God.
You are such a hard ass.
It's just, yeah.
It's just a stomach.
I don't like the taste of.
No, I do.
Yeah.
I like Dr. Pepper just fine.
Sometimes you'll go to the drive through with a whole bunch of people and somebody orders a Dr. Pepper and you get it by mistake.
Oh, ruins my day.
Ruins my meal.
Got a gargle with turpentine to get it out of your mouth.
But let me ask you one thing.
Do you like it?
No.
22 till 2 a.m.
Prove.
Meal.
Yeah.
Breakfast.
Introducing a whole some new hot breakfast cereal from the makers of Creve of Wheat.
You know, most cereals just don't provide enough protein for active growing kids.
That's why I serve my family new cream of meat, the hot and hearty new cereal from Nabisco.
Cream of meat.
All right.
Cream of meat is a blend of 37 different mystery meats, pureed to a brown, unrecognizable glob kits just can't get enough of.
Thanks, mom.
And every box of cream of meat contains a surprise dog collar, each with a different dog's name.
Look, I got a sparky.
Collect them all.
God knows how many they'll be.
Delicious, nutritious, cream of meat.
It's good of the last lump.
143 a.m.
17 minutes before rock solid.
The big.
Oh, guess who died?
I give up.
Fat rich.
Somebody death who?
Fat rich.
And my mother.
Mm-hmm.
J. At your Hoover.
Tony Tim.
Tiny.
Clyde Toulson.
Oh, yeah.
Deacon Doulson.
Fat rich reminds me of my mother.
Whatever happened to him, by the way, Paul Harvey Jr., and not that I'm complaining.
I don't know.
It wouldn't surprise me if maybe he was one of those fake e-mailers, you know.
Mm-hmm.
Although I don't think he's got the intellect to do that.
I think that he would identify himself.
He would?
Yes.
He's gone.
All I've said that, I bet you get five fake Paul Harvey Jr. e-mails now.
Yeah.
Or maybe the fake Larry King will come in on the demise of Paul Harvey Jr., and the audio, and like that.
John Updike is dead.
Who?
Prize winning writer, dies at age 76.
The Pulitzer Prize winning novelist, prolific man of letters, and erudite chronicleer of sex divorce, and other adventures in post-war prime of American empire died today with 76.
Updike, a resident of Beverly Farms, mass died of lung cancer, who was statement from his publisher Alfred A. Nopth.
Do you know that, um, have you ever had the, like, soups in a box?
And they also make, like, seasonings and stuff, K-N-O-R-R, it's like some kind of a Scandinavian brand.
Yeah, I've seen that.
And I always called it NOR.
That's what I would have said.
But they pronounce it KNOR.
Really?
Yeah, because they run spots here.
I see the knob like that.
Like the KNOR.
That's right.
Like KNOK on the door.
Well done.
And that's strange.
Very.
A literary writer who frequently appeared on Bestseller List, that tall, Hocknosed Updike wrote novels, short stories, poem poems, criticism.
The memoir, all criticism.
He never wrote to us.
The memoir self-consciousness, even a famous essay about baseball grade tid Williams.
An old-fashioned believer in hard work.
He published more than 50 books in a career that started in the 50s.
Updike won virtually every literary prize, including two Pulitzer's, for Rabbit is Rich and Rabbit at Rest.
And two national book awards.
You ever heard of John Updike?
Yeah.
I've been on a smart eye.
Has he kind of like John Updog?
Oh, it smells like that.
It smells like Updike.
Oh, boy.
We can go somewhere with that, but we won't.
No.
Oh, we got about seven minutes to go.
Let's see if there's any more exciting emails.
Actually, today they've been pretty good.
And we have 444 votes on that poll.
Most recurring nightmares.
Snakes is in last place with only four.
I guess maybe these people like snakes.
Cream of meat.
How about sugar-coated sugar-shockers?
Good show as usual says D.
I guess that was a request, sugar-shockers?
Sounds like it.
That won't kill seven minutes, but no.
So, one and a half or so?
Say, kids, what's real bad for you?
Seven of these, but tastes real good.
Sugar!
And what gives you the excess energy to drive mom crazy?
Sugar!
So, what breathes cereal?
Will you tell mom to buy?
Next time she goes shopping.
Sugar-shockers, yay!
Sugar-coated sugar-shockers.
Two super-sugar-coated sugar-shockers.
Our little bits of raw cane drenched in honey
and coated with powdered sugar.
Glucose, fructose, corn syrup,
and other natural sweeteners.
And it tastes just like sugar-coated sugar!
Right!
Because there's no yucky vitamins or minerals to spoil your fun.
Yeah!
And how does it make you feel?
Like I'm vibrated.
Mommy, look at your two.
Mommy, look at the little guys.
Mommy, look like Spirors.
Give it to the sugar-shockers.
And mom's a love sugar-shockers too.
Because inside everybody,
there's a free bottle of new Flintstones tubal baliote.
So try in super-sugar-coated sugar-shockers.
From your friends at irresponsible foods.
Oh, it's a heat wave, baby.
It's minus five.
It's minus five and sunny.
And that excited?
And tomorrow all the way up to minus four.
All right.
Oh, you're freezing your ass off up there, Rodgers.
You wish you were here with us, yeah.
No, I don't.
Ever since he left us, you abandoned us.
We're abandoning you.
Oh, you ought to see the stuff that comes in.
Oh, I did.
I just smit-canon.
I just deleted one.
Good.
Well, like I said, I'm learning my lesson.
I mean, it's like an open invitation for miscreants and malcontents
who are obviously still listening, air-remenent of every day.
But they're just to take a cheap shot.
Right.
Because that's the South Florida F and way.
Baaah!
Baaah!
Got some...
I don't want to end the show on a negative note.
Remember, I told you this story with global warming irreversible for the next thousand years?
Yeah.
So we better take care of ourselves.
Because we want to be here to see the change, to feel the change.
Climate change is largely irreversible for the next thousand years,
even the carbon dioxide emissions could be abruptly halted,
according to a new study led by the U.S. National Oceanic and M.S. Fair Administration, NOAA.
I wonder if NOAA is still got the arc.
Remember that old drunk NOAA?
Yep.
Sure must have stunk on that boat, man.
Wow.
The study's author said there was no going back after the report show
that changes in surface temperature, rainfall and sea level are largely irreversible
for more than a thousand years after CO2 emissions are completely stopped.
NOAA, senior scientist Susan Solomon,
Oiii!
Said the study published in this week's Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences Journal,
showed that current human choices on carbon dioxide emissions are said to
irreversibly change the planet.
Solomon, I think, might be the winner for the most Jewish name of all.
I mean, I know,
Lipschitz and Revinowitz and Goldberg and Goldstein and Goldstein.
Those are all good ones, but Solomon, certainly for one of the coolest sounding Jewish names.
What? Solomon?
Solomon, yeah.
Well, I was on my grandma's side.
Got a nice sound to it.
Mother's side.
Solomon.
Yeah, it's got a nice ring to it, as opposed to like, Beelfa Riffies.
Yeah.
I'm like, you're puking.
As opposed to eutilevic?
Yes.
As opposed to that.
Researchers examined the consequences of CO2 build up beyond present day concentrations
of 385 parts per million, then completely stopping emissions after the peak.
Before the industrial aid, CO200's atmosphere mounted to only 280 parts per million.
The study found that CO2 levels are irreversibly impacting climate change,
which will continue to global sea level rise and or contribute to global sea level rise
and rainfall changes in certain regions.
Do you see in the Arab desert the other day, I forget it was in Dubai,
and it had like eight inches of snow?
No.
And it is so rare and so unusual that in that dialect and wherever the hell I was,
they don't even have a word in their vocabulary for snow.
How do you like that?
What do they call it?
Snow.
Oh.
Dan Ruff.
How can you tell if smart talents have Dan Ruff?
I guess you got to take the schmatte off, huh?
I guess.
Oh, boy, do we have turban heads here, man?
You wouldn't believe it.
Do you?
And I know you've tried to explain to me the difference.
I'm just, I can't grasp it.
What?
What's that both hands?
Because I just, I can't understand the unraveling of that thing every night,
and the, you know, showering and washing the hair and then,
and then right, do they wrap that thing up every day?
They're applying a lot there.
Why?
You're implying that they unwrap every night and shower and wash it.
I don't know.
I'm not implying anything.
I'm just imagining presuming.
Are you saying they don't?
I'm saying I don't know.
Are you saying that rag heads wear the rag saying I have no idea?
I can hear Tony Bennett singing rag's direction.
Lazy Slaub like me.
I wouldn't be unwrapping that thing every night.
No, that's true.
That's a good point.
And I would think they do.
Oh, maybe that's that aroma.
I could put you in a coma.
Okay.
Let's see if there's any unfinished business on the emails.
Here, yes, there is.
Oh, Larry King.
I'm the real Paul Harvich Jr.
You still drink your carrot juice.
I don't drink it.
I never did drink it.
Moron.
Big black guy and bat on Rouge.
Okay.
Whatever.
Oh, Larry King again.
Any word on Carl Foster and Nina Marx coming to 940 Fox Sports?
Wouldn't that be something if Anita Marx won up at that new 940 on the All Sports?
When Charlie Jo Bells got an in-visions of getting his hands on her,
literally and figuratively, I'm sure.
The subject of dreams is very interesting once as somebody, gravity guy,
did you know that only predators like cats and wolves actually have REM dream sleep?
Sheep and adalopes don't dream.
In mammals, dreaming occurs even at very early age.
Newborn kittens dream, just like human babies.
One wonders what they can be dreaming about having had no life experiences
at all to inspire them.
It's like what are dogs and cats thinking when they have no language?
What are they thinking?
They're thinking pictures.
One can only assume.
Am I right?
Or maybe they're thinking like in doggy and kitty language.
That could be.
Maybe they actually have a language we don't understand it yet.
Maybe like in date County.
Maybe it's like, you know, English.
Biggest name.
The best talent.
You don't give me no rejects.
It's day you've heard it by any tells.
I'm not.
At five six o'clock WQ and.
Here are Stanford naked man in the shower storm.
All around us four full clouds.
Staring at my four holes.
We're straight eyes talk all the time about men through play games.
Can keep the eyes off hide behind insisting they're not gay.
You got to hide your heart away.
Tell us not to hardly pass is that straight.
Gain or buy men who fall of love.
Men who fall of love.
Men who fall for say that my young.
Know you're here just for all the years having fun with the boys.
In the locker room I hear boy boy boy boy boy boy.
You got to hide your heart away.
You got to hide your heart away.
Tell us not to hardly pass is that straight.
