It's 10 o'clock, Neil Rogers is coming up next.
The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests and collars,
and do not reflect the new music.
We'll kinda really be Friday, Halloween, and the Kaisers.
Let's have a party in our paint.
The biggest names, the...
We have a party.
You're listening to sports radio 560WQAM.
My Miami Ford Live.
560WQAM.
Bruce Anz.
The Neil Rogers.
147 points.
Oh, Halloween.
560 in date and brown.
In other counties, the Selling Opportunity.
44877785.
Niche.
Or pound 560 on your 80s.
That's the big races from Gulf Streams and Wilders later on.
The opinions expressed by the contestants, guests or his collars, do not represent...
Not yet.
Oh, I mean, they might have one, but they haven't told me.
We know about that.
The Neil Rogers Show.
On 560WQAM.
It's Friday, you bastards.
I think you've got a gold on your head.
I think that it's not all.
The girl I'm going to wear.
Has gained 20 pounds.
She's got a took a so wide.
Welcome.
She's got a took a so wide eye.
She's got a took a so wide and she don't care.
She said, is that the wedding dress?
I cause a distress, yeah.
I don't know how she will fit in her wedding dress.
She's got a took a so wide.
She's got a took a so wide eye.
She's got a took a so wide and she don't care.
I'll tell you why you're too short to watch.
She'll be right, she'll work out a snowfall.
She's got an after-go on a diet.
To look like she did once before.
I'm not everything that I could.
I've made it in there.
To try to be the opposite plan.
Or see Jenny Craig.
She's got a took a so wide.
She's got a took a so wide eye.
She's got a took a so wide and she don't care.
I'll tell you why you're too short to watch.
She'll be right, she'll work out a snowfall.
She's got an after-go on a diet.
To look like she did once before.
I think I'll tie up my tuss and it by some chance.
It is too tight in the waist.
I'll get some stretch pants.
Cause I've got a took a so wide.
I've got a took a so wide eye.
I've got a took a so wide.
We make it good fair.
We make it good fair.
All this all in a spectre is still looking for magic bullet on the stretcher parkland hospital.
Lunatic.
Crazy person.
Bug guide Fool.
Anyways, 1003 at 560 W.D. Q.A.,
And while the debate on the stimulus package goes on, you might be interested in this story.
Okay.
Wall Street CEOs and investment bankers charge prostitutes on corporate cards, Madam, says.
All right, then.
Hey, at least somebody is having a good time at our expense.
It says visa, match to card or American Express, or maybe a credit card from JPMorgan Chase.
Wall Street CEOs, lawyers, bankers, media executives, chalked up thousands of dollars in prostitution
charges on their corporate credit cards, swiping their cards for $2,000 an hour, $2,000 an
hour process, and it's according to New York, Madam will play the guilty last year.
Kristen Davis, the Madam in question, went public to ABC News this week.
ABC is going to be broadcasting her interview tonight at 10 p.m.
Davis says she has a list of 9,800 clients, many of whom she says New York prosecutors deliberately
avoided when taking her case, even though she offered them her annotated client list.
In what's here to create a media fire store on parallel parallel to that one Washington, DC,
Madam, announced that she was publishing her client list, which included at least one
senator.
Davis's comments come at a time where incredible IRE is already focused on Wall Street
and banking executives.
The pressure for her to release the list will certainly be immense and intense.
But the pressure from New York's finest prosecuting team was nearly zero, Davis said.
They showed no interest alleging that they ignored that numerous corporate titans had used
their services.
But she'll hormongering goofballs.
Some of these guys I was invoicing on my corporate on corporate credit card.
She said I was writing up monthly bills for computer consulting, construction expenses,
all of these things.
All of these things I was invoicing them monthly so they get it by their accountants.
District attorney Robert Morgan, though,
spokesman was said to have no comment on the handling of the Davis case or her allegations.
She provided ABC with a printout of her computerized client list, the same one she says she offered
the DA among the names that network says have confirmed a vice president of NBC Universal
owned by General Electric, a part owner of a major league baseball team who loves Kelsey,
the CEO of one of the country's largest private equity firms who met Cameron at the Peninsilla
Hotel, Penicilla Hotel, a major New York real estate developer who recorded a list will
come to the door wearing women's panties.
A partner at a Wall Street law firm, Kravitz Swain Moore looking for a party girl to come
fully equipped, spent a total of 20 grand.
An investment banker from Lehman Brothers who saw Kelsey and Keely together and later saw
Aria and Skyler at the same time.
An investment banker at JPMorgan Securities who loves Brooke and spent $41,600.
An investment banker at Goldman Sachs who only wanted all American girls and spent 27 grand.
A managing director from Merrill Lynch who saw Lana using the name Natali.
An managing director from Deutsche Bank who called about seeing Natali again.
ABC said that for their broadcast the individuals mentioned above they couldn't confirm
the payments were made on corporate cards.
Davis told the network she disguised the charges in various ways so that it appeared to be
legitimate business expenses when accountant sifted through credit card statements.
Once the EO she said ordered her to send him invoices for Rufre Peron our warehouse.
Not a warehouse, a warehouse to disguise the charges for prostitutes from corporate funds.
Davis said she hasn't yet decided whether to release the full 9800 name list publicly.
9800 names, they're screwing their brains out and they're screwing the public.
How does it feel to get screwed, huh?
Pretty good.
Not really.
Pretty bad.
Got a couple of dead people here for you.
Oh, there's Harry Reid.
But I mean, put him up.
Put him up.
Put him up.
Put him up.
Put him up.
Put him up.
Put him up.
Put him up.
Put him up.
Put him up.
Put him up.
Put him up.
The fumbfier of the century.
Let's get him and Susan Collins together and see which one can wine the most.
Try the wine, guys.
Got a couple of dead musicians.
Nobody ever heard of either one of them, but that's okay.
Because my dead, my dead guy specialist, Bos Florida.
He's on top of these things.
All right.
Do we Martin dies at 68?
Who?
Rumor four?
Come on.
Let's see if you know your crap.
I don't know.
Oh, Buffalo Springfield.
Okay.
This is also all chopped off on the right.
It's not just the emails that get chopped off.
It's everything that I print.
That's that's why I'm thinking that it's the printer software that
Yeah, wasn't installed either properly or at all for yet for that printer.
Yeah, and and nothing.
Do we Martin drummer for the short live, but long resonating rock band Buffalo Springfield,
who's career after the group split never ignited like those of his former bandmates,
near young and Steven stills, he's dead.
He was 68 dead.
He was found dead Sunday by a roommate in his van lies apartment,
longtime friend Lisa Lenes said Thursday.
Cause it hasn't been determined.
We believe it was natural causes Lenes said adding it suffered health problems
in recent years and performed publicly only sporadically.
Martin was one of the founding members along with young still singer,
songwriter guitarist Richie Fury and bassist Bruce Palmer of Buffalo Springfield,
a key progenitor of something rock music.
It's chopped off country rock country rock.
The group existed for just two years, recorded only three studio albums before
disbanding amid rising tensions and musical ambitions of the band's talented but explosive leaders.
It's a great loss as Mickey Dolan's drummer for the monkeys.
Dolan said he became close friends with Martin in the late 60s when both were working in and
around Hollywood. He was a great drummer.
It's a well known fact and it was a really nice guy, but a beat that a boop would
be a boop. Martin played on Buffalo Springfield songs and hoony for what it's worth.
Mr. Soul, Rock and Roll woman in Broken Era.
We all know for what it's worth the other one who ever heard him.
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the group in 1997.
And also dead.
Yeah.
Deal guitarist for Buck O'Hins and Rick Nelson.
Tom Brumley dies at 73.
Tom Brumley, a legendary steel guitarist who contributed to the Baker's Field Sound of Buck O'Hins
and the Buck O'Rooes in 1960s before spending 10 years performing with Rick Nelson as
Didey with 73. Brumley died Tuesday at Northeast Baptist Hospital in San Antonio
eight days after stuffing a heart attack said his wife, Rolyne Brumley.
Hey, Roly.
Roly Poly. I wonder if she's Roly Poly, you think?
I'll see. I'll find out.
During his years with Owens from 63 to 69, Brumley traveled the world and played on landmark
recording such as Together Again, I've got a tiger by the tail and act naturally.
Brumley, whose pure steel sound was known in the music industry as the Brumley touch
received an Academy of Country Music Awards for No. 1 Steel Guitarist in 1966.
The Buck O'Rooes. Hey, Buck O'Rooes.
He left Owens band in 1969 after Rick Nelson invited him to play Steel Guitar with his band
for his live at the Troopador album.
It was a godsend being asked to join Rick's band.
I still think Garden Party was a highlight of my recording career.
Canada's Edmonton Journal in 2005. Initially, I only accepted the offer to do four shows
with him at the Troopador, but I enjoyed it so much I did with him for 10 years.
Brumley said that Nelson who died in an airplane crash New Year's Eve 1985 was a great guy.
We had such a close relationship that I still stay in touch with his boys.
You know, his boys, the Nelson's?
What is their name?
I don't know.
Ozzy and his name?
No, no. Nelson twins. What is their name?
Gunter and a wonder gunner.
Yeah, and I don't know.
Brumley, that was your bag, not mine, baby.
What do you mean it was my bag?
You're the one that liked them, not me.
I liked them just fine.
I loved them.
I know just the real pretty guy.
It was a long, long, pretty hair.
Yeal.
I'd like to run my fingers through that hair.
We had him on the air on W.I.O.
The other one.
I need to run to Nelson, my boy.
Yeah, if you've seen him lightly, you won't want to.
I'm sure of that.
Here's the poll.
And of course, we were right.
We had our thumb right on it.
What ethnic style of food is the best?
503 votes.
Italian wins hands down your pantalunis.
That's what I thought.
205.
Italian. Nobody don't like Italian.
That's right.
And of course, so when we say Italian,
that covers a lot of territory.
Everything from Franko American to
Sheffboy RD to spaghetti with meatballs,
which Italian American.
Too nice of a vial chop.
Yeah, vial parmesan.
Oh, today is the pick the pony thing.
Do we have a winner yet?
I understand his name.
It's Kevin.
Kevin.
Well, I'm going to try for you, Kevin.
It's the second race of Gulfstream.
My pick, I'll tell you right now,
is the four horse Langley,
ridden by Alan Garcia.
Alan Garcia, do you think he'd be even like Mexican or what?
I don't know.
By me, is there a Cuban Garcia?
Of course.
It is?
Sure.
How about Mike Garcia,
who pitched for the Indians in 1954?
What about him?
He's I'm sure dead.
Oh,
Vick Rache with the Yankees,
Halley Reynolds, the Chief.
Anyway, Italian 205, Cuban 49,
American 47, American cuisine like burgers and dogs.
Yeah, that covers a lot of territory too.
Mexican 43.
Now, I wonder if they think it's taco smell when they say Mexican.
I'm sure they're thinking all of it.
Tie 36 Chinese 32, Indian 21, Punjabi.
Get that curry out, baby.
How tight I'm at it.
I'm not sure if I can.
I'll never understand.
What?
How tie is ahead of Chinese?
I'll never understand.
Yeah, that makes no sense to me.
Well, these are suits, you know, tie.
Romana tie.
It was better than coconut.
We had the chance for lunch yesterday.
It was pretty good.
Indian 21, French 17, Greek 14.
Yeah, these people are into Greek.
I believe that.
Japanese 14,
Caribbean 9, man.
Jewish 9, we probably should have put Delhi.
I put that to my can parentheses or Jewish slash deli or something like that.
No, I was thinking like deli.
Why does it have to be Jewish?
Well, because everything else on here is an ethnic word, you know.
What ethnic style?
Okay, Jew food.
9, Puerto Rican 7, British 2, none for Polynesian Russian or African.
Polynesian man, you haven't lived to the iPad.
I know.
Phenomenal.
Trader Vicks.
Monaloa.
Yeah, Chintiki.
The Micah.
Still going to the Micah.
There you go.
It's mixed reviews.
Had some catered food from there.
Just last year.
Yeah, it was great.
It was phenomenal.
The Micah.
I haven't been there in about at least 200, 300 years.
It's Friday.
You best.
It's Jesus Christ.
You're the star.
Oh, are you a mountain?
It's as you are.
No.
It's an used to feed the star of lethal weapons.
Now he's making movies about the crucifixion.
People in the theaters are mounted at.
It was okay, but wasn't as good as Mad Max.
Jesus Christ.
Will be starwrecks free and the Pope giving you four stars.
Jesus Christ.
Take a look.
Don't see the film till you read the book.
Jesus Christ.
On the screen.
Where there was no heart, she's been.
Jesus Christ.
D.A.T.
Finally, that's your name in variety.
Jesus Christ.
Will be starwrecks free.
I'm afraid of the FDA.
I have a job on that peanut butter.
They're on top of it.
They'll get within a jiffy.
I mean, even people like us who don't eat peanut butter
aren't safe because they went and put it in everything.
Yeah, well, like in the Snickers bars there's peanuts.
Right.
Everybody looked at this little hidden peanuts.
Peanut, you're right.
Kathy says you got my curiosity up when you mentioned that story of a private club for cannibals.
I seem to remember something like that too.
No, it wasn't to serve man as someone told you before.
And the outer limits was more of a bug-eyed monster series than the twilight zone was.
Did find these examples though.
And in the episode our town of the ex files based on several historical and popular myths about
cannibalism, the protagonist FBI agents find that entire community in Arkansas
have been kidnapping outsiders and eating them for decades.
In the belief that Langston is their lifespans, they've been taught to do this by the town patriarch.
In the Torchwood countryside, it's discovered that a whole village of cannibals kills and eat
travelers every 10 years as part of the harvest.
Do either of these sound familiar to you know?
No, because what I'm talking about was way before ex files, Torchwood, etc.
And I was definitely either Hitchcock or outer limits or twilight zone.
One of these things.
I'm pretty sure it was Hitchcock.
That sounds meber.
Alfred Hitchcock presents.
Yep.
Mostly boring that show.
What?
That particular show.
I mean his movies were good but that show was really hit or missed for me.
Well what do you know about it?
It was on the 50s, was on the 31st.
Never looked for it.
Oh, syndicate my ass.
Oh man.
By the way, I found this online.
You have.
About.com radio.
And it doesn't have a date on it.
The 25 greatest radio talk show host of all time.
You ready?
Strap yourself in. I got to put my nose though.
Yeah.
What mother, please.
Oh, sorry.
See, I had to play myself.
I was busy.
You're busy blowing.
Oh.
Anyway, the 25 greatest talk show host of all time.
Oh, this is old.
As compiled by Talker's magazine.
This is the old one.
From back before Joe Bell came along and destroyed the show in my career.
And your income and my income and our lives.
That's what you do, jolly.
You destroy people's lives.
And it's always a big joke.
Oh, that neal.
Yeah.
It's not just radio stick.
It's the truth.
You are a destroyer.
Destroyer.
The radio station.
Destroyer of our income.
Oh, yeah, but there's a big depression in recession.
Yeah.
Fire everybody.
Anyway, number one, Rush Limbaugh.
Number two, Howard Stern.
Number three, Don I'm.
Number four, Larry King.
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
Number five, Sally Jessie, Raphael.
Number six, Bruce Williams.
Number seven, Dr. Laura Slesinger.
That hateful right wing bitch.
Number eight, Barry Gray.
Number nine, Barry Farber.
No, Barry Jackass.
Number ten, Dr. Joy Brown.
Number eleven, Michael Jackson.
Number twelve, Art Bell.
Number thirteen, Ron Owens.
Number fourteen, Jerry Williams.
Number fifteen.
Neil Rogers.
Number sixteen, Bob Grant.
Number seventeen, Long John.
And then we'll number eighteen, David Brednoi.
Brednoi, dead.
Number nineteen hours of Godfrey.
Well, out of these are dead.
Number twenty, Bill Balance.
Number twenty one, Neil Borts.
Oh, God.
What a tub of right wing garbage he is.
Twenty two, JP McCarthy.
Twenty three, Gene Shepherd.
Twenty four, Gene Burns.
And number twenty five, G Gordon Litty.
Oh, God.
So this is back when I could have been a contender
when I was number fifteen in the universe.
A well time.
Hmm.
Number fifteen of all time, Talkers Magazine.
A real rag, a real piece of garbage.
There was invented five, four, and about a handful of
egotistical talk show people.
Jerry Williams was one of them.
Alice Rantell, I think, was involved in that.
Although he didn't make the cut.
I don't know if he got cut, but then again, who would care?
Right.
Oh, Henry Finkelstein is back.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
What a bad piece of news this is.
But I better print it out.
Well, we tried everything to get this thing to print out.
And I did do the Windows Update.
So thanks so much for those of you who are giving me instructions
about doing the Windows Update and installing this.
That wasn't it.
And it had nothing to do with it.
Nothing changed.
Nothing changed.
Although Brandon said that the Windows Update won't really
do anything until you defrag, defrag, defrag, defrag.
And of course, that takes a lot.
I could do that this weekend.
I could defrag my computer.
Yeah, go ahead.
I don't think that, I mean, go ahead.
I don't think it's going to make a difference.
Why not?
Because I think that the problem is that your printer software is not
properly installed or installed.
Well, I'll be danged at some point.
Yeah, this one's all chopped off bad on the right margin.
It says today is the third day of my 12 to 16 month vacation.
I'm loving life.
George, I got some blueberry, man.
It's crazy good.
They were here this morning over four, a power 96 apparently.
Who is there?
Oh, Blue Bell.
I thought that's what he said.
No blueberry.
Blueberry.
I don't understand.
I don't understand either, but this is a crazy person.
I see.
Neil, did you see Geltie screaming last night?
No, they hear they carried on the package.
They hear the onloader telecast.
Panthers want to get last night.
Three, two, they beat the islanders.
I had to mute him out and listen to your archives while watching
Panthers kick some ass.
Richard Zednik saved us.
Neil, do you think Bowman's tour will finish the year with the Panthers or somewhere else?
Somewhere else.
My God, it's crazy.
I'll go this show is when smoke some of that blueberry, George.
Oh, it's always smoking.
I haven't stopped laughing all day.
My first song, my girl got a touch of statewide.
I love you guys.
You guys make my day.
Oh, this is a crazy guy.
Crazy Jew, Henry Finkelstein.
Finkelstein.
Stein.
Neil, could you please play anything with Moe and Geltie longer the better?
George, I love your grab ass pictures.
You got your little hands and a lot of hot bitches making.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Do you have your hands and a lot of hot bitches?
Yes, I do.
Good.
Is there any way that maybe some listeners could sign some kind of petition to get George on that two to four hour?
No.
Man, that would be great.
Who cares about Combine?
Stupid little Josh Dirl and Jolly Jo Peldo.
You morons.
Love you, Neil.
And especially, George, Professor Dr. Henry K. Finkelstein.
Oh, how sad.
What a world it is.
Although it's sunny, tomorrow it's going to be plus five or six.
Here.
That's like 42, 43.
Do you have any idea what a heat wave that's going to be?
Nope.
I don't see any emails yet about my selection in the second race of Gulf Stream today.
Number four, Langley.
Alan Garcia, by the way, is Peruvian.
You know any Peruvians?
I don't, as a matter of fact.
You know what?
I don't.
I'll think of ever metaperoviant that I talk about.
Well, that's good.
That means you can't dislike Peruvians because you don't know any.
It's like Jamaicans.
I mean, your case, you've had different, you know, you probably do some business.
No.
But my best friend is high school.
I don't know any Jamaicans.
I only have one.
He's the squareest butt plug of a human being you'll ever meet in your life.
Yeah.
Oh, that's so you're good, buddy.
Mm-hmm.
Is he still alive?
Yeah.
Why wouldn't he be?
Well, he didn't die from fat.
You don't see too many fat Jamaicans, man.
He would have to indulge something.
He would have to be, you know, have a vice of any kind.
He's boring, huh?
He's incredibly boring and bland.
1027 at 560 WQAM.
It's Fattwa Friday, you bastards.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
1032 at 560 WQM.
Now, I want you to listen very closely to this, okay?
Because you're the technical maven, although so far,
you haven't been able to even come close to a song.
Oh, I'm not, I'm not.
Sorry, yeah.
Neil, if your printer is an HP, which it is not,
then they have a problem where it disappears if you open a word.
Supposedly, they're working on a solution to Steve.
No, it's not an HP.
It's a brother.
Right.
It's a mother.
What you're going to get now, and just warning you,
is a lot of really good advice from people that don't know what is going on
or what we've already gone through and tried.
Uh-huh.
Just warning you.
Well, I sure did update the put it on install all of this off those updates.
All the technical mavens out there.
They ought to know that we're using the exact same printer,
the exact same operating system, the exact computer is right.
We're using everything all the same, and yours is doing something,
and mine is doing something else, and I have options that you don't.
Hey, by the way, you forgot to remind me to start invoicing them for all the, uh, office supplies.
Hey, I've by here all the fax paper in the computer.
It's not too late.
It's not too late.
Don't forget to start invoicing.
Bastards.
Just unbelievable.
Oh, well, everybody had to take a cut, even George Beasley.
Oh, geez.
Let's try to take up a collection for the Beasley's.
Graverobbers.
That's what all these owners are.
Graverobbers.
They use you.
They abuse you.
Then they discard you like toilet paper.
The douse up on 135 points.
I bet your Maria is going to be chiming in.
Isn't the day today, today, the, uh, mythical Maria Barteromo show starts.
Fartfest Fridays.
I did not know.
Speaking of fartfest, Carnegie Deli's pastrami may have been dies at 90 in New York City.
That's old enough.
90.
That would give me another 24 years.
Can you imagine the trouble I could cause in another 24 years?
Right.
And it's got a photo here of the original Carnegie Deli in New York.
Carnegie Deli was in Fort Lauderdale in the Galeria, I believe.
Weren't they in the Galeria?
I don't know.
You know, there was a show you might have liked.
It was on the history channel.
And it was all about sandwiches going on to the very first Jewish jelly in New York.
Really?
Like the origins of, um, you know, why the, uh, the pastrami and the corn beef sandwiches got so popular and everything like that.
And they just went from coast to coast, uh, going into the origins of all the sandwiches, like the French dip and things like that.
The French drip.
Yeah.
It is.
It is a drip.
I wonder if, uh, what's his name?
It's got that.
What's his name?
Who was married to Reese with his phone?
Help me out.
Oh, come on.
Ryan Philippi.
Ryan Philippi.
I wonder if he's got French drip.
I bet your Michael Perez got the French drip.
God.
How do we get started talking about it in the cruisers?
Where did that come from?
I don't know.
How unfortunate that was.
Who was the one who sang the music and that song?
And then John Caperti and the Beaver Brown band.
Oh, my God.
Beaver Brown, huh?
I'm not touching that.
Carnegie Delis pastrami made me a great singer.
I've been dies at 90 New York City.
Milton Parker.
The longtime owner of the famous Carnegie Deli renowned for its gargantuan pastrami.
Tongue and chopped liver sandwiches.
You people who eat tongue, man.
Oh, gross.
I never have.
With corny names like Nova on Sunday and 50 ways to love your liver, he's dead.
Maybe he didn't love his liver enough.
Although we lived till 90, it's not too bad.
Parker, who's business card said,
Milton Parker, CPM, the CPM stood for Cornbief and Pastrami Mavin, died today of respiratory
problems at his daughter, Mary and Levine.
Or is it Levine?
See, there we go with Goldstein and Goldstein.
Levine and Levine.
Mary and Levine.
Levine.
His family says that nothing will change at the legendary theater district Deli where Woody
Allen filmed scenes in Broadway Danny Rose or Woody Allen ate their half-fet.
Parker's son-in-law, Sanford Levine, told the Daily News.
It's the food, the communal tables, the communal loss and the menu.
That's not going to change.
Over the years, the restaurant has developed a devoted following for its oversized sandwiches.
I'll tell you what I remember about the Carnegie Deli, the one and four lot of them.
And they had Kishki that you would die for.
Really?
Oh, God, it was so good.
You can be hungry enough.
It's so good lately.
Have you really?
Yeah.
Well, there's no delis anywhere near me here.
There's a place they used to be at Deli and then they all had goyem took it over and they got rid of the Kishki and they got rid of them.
They got cheese blenses.
I want there to be a Deli like in the lobby of this building.
Actually, the blenses at that place at Myrends at Pompo Park, they're pretty good.
The only problem being that they're small, you know, too small.
They're going to give me blenses.
Give me like four, give me three or four big-sized blenses.
These are like little like crepes, you know?
Uh-huh.
And of course, if you eat too many crepes, you start to crepes.
Over the years, the restaurant has developed a devoted following for its oversized sandwiches stuffed with six to eight inches of meat.
Oh, I got a line for that.
Some costing up were to $20 and named after celebrities like Henny Youngman.
Do you remember Henny Youngman?
With that fiddle?
Uh-huh.
Was it a fiddle or a violin?
The disc.
Jack Benny had a violin.
I think Henny Youngman had a violin.
There's no difference to colloquial.
No, it's not yet rolled it.
Fiddle is smaller.
That's how you hold it.
How about the violin?
It's colloquial.
Would the Woody Allen sandwich priced it in mere 1795?
He described his lots of corn beef plus lots of pastrami for the dedicated fresher.
Yiddish for big eater for the dedicated fresher only.
Parker's daughter told the New York Post that his memorial and his memorial Monday she placed one of his beloved footlong Frankfort is on the coffin and said,
this hot dog is for you.
He didn't die today.
He died last Friday.
Get it right, you idiots.
This hot dog is for you.
Parker and his two partners bought the deli from its previous owners in 1976.
One partner sold its share and a second Leo Steiner died in 87.
Parker retired in 2002 and turned the business over to his son-in-law.
Mornor shared their memories of Parker on the website, save the deli.com.
A space dedicated to the preservation of Jewish-Delicatesons, a hallowed temple of salted and cured meats.
That was up on 38.
In the history of Delicatesons, built in partners, Carnegie deli caused more heartburn to the Jewish world than anything ever heard of said,
Borscht belt comedian Freddie Romain.
Roman?
I don't know what it's like.
His pastrami sandwich is incredibly much too large for human consumption.
Customers do shiffmen and they hope that he was buried on white porcelain with a pile of rye and a jar of mustard on the side.
Oh.
He's eating in heaven now.
When you eat at the Carnegie deli, you're in heaven.
And of course that went over like a pregnant pole vault or in a hot July day in South Florida.
They didn't last too long.
It was too good.
Anytime something really good and revolutionary comes, it goes out of business.
I don't get it.
I don't know.
But you're right.
I wonder what's their name? Big Daddy. He must be dead. Big Daddy NAP.
Who?
From Big Daddy's with a full dead in the wood.
Don't you remember they tried to reopen the famous?
Oh, yeah.
And they invited me there. They advertised on the show once upon that was a pink palace there by Daniel Highlight.
The famous.
I think they should have called it Minotaurus as opposed to the famous.
Well, I don't have a chocolate egg cream.
Let me tell you about my diabetes and I'm having my left foot agitated next week.
That was Big Daddy's wife.
Tell me true story.
Really?
And in the meantime, they kept smearing more Hershey syrup into the chocolate egg cream.
Oh, God.
But you know, it's a far beyond for me to talk about it.
I'm addicted to real crap.
Bad stuff.
I mean, at least it tastes good though.
You know, I'm not addicted to like tongue and stuff like that.
I'm addicted to ice cream and candy and chocolate and oh, God.
I'll give time.
I'll give time.
I'll give time.
There's some tongues I might put in my mouth.
Yeah.
There's some tongue speaking of what's his name again?
Ryan Philip P.
You ever see Ryan Philip P?
Just this morning.
That's your edges answer to everything.
Just this morning.
You want to say it again?
Go ahead.
But save it for later.
Thank you.
Five, six, six, eight, eight.
It's Friday.
You're best.
Everybody knows one of the best things that you can do.
The most important thing to do these days is to open a restaurant
slash mini indoor theme park in the heart of Manhattan.
And that's why the high-powered folks at the National Rifle Association
are pleased to announce Cafe NRA.
At Cafe NRA, every food item is unique.
That's because our chefs always cook your food over an open fire.
And speaking of food, at Cafe NRA,
you'll find only the finest, precious meats.
Welcome to Cafe NRA.
Do you like to try our keel of the day?
You mean ketchup today.
No, ma'am, keel.
But Cafe NRA is about more than just food.
It's about guns and fun.
For instance, while you're dining,
you should play a quick game of finding the crosshairs in your soup.
Find them and get a free clip of ammo for the automatic of your choice.
And before or after dinner, you'll find it's fun to get loaded
in our bar where every drink is served in shot glasses.
And for those of you who want to enjoy the fun of shooting something yourself,
Cafe NRA offers some of the most realistic shooting games you've ever seen.
Play such shooting favorites as, I didn't know the gun was looking.
I thought Grandpa was a burglar and but officer.
The guy cut me off in traffic.
Cafe NRA.
We're blowing the cup of tissue in a way.
1047 at 560 WQAM.
Here's one of my all time favorite emails,
which everybody else is going to hate.
Okay.
And you want to know why?
Why?
It's about harness racing.
Oh, I'm sure.
It's short.
It says you brought back memories from the 60s yesterday.
You used to play the Trotters in Detroit area,
Wolfering, Hazel Park, Northfield.
I'm sure remember the Merrimans, Joe Mars Jr.,
George Cholte, Macimeries, et cetera.
Can't recall too many ponies.
Cold Sunday.
Driven by Korky Hamill, by the way.
Red Red Robin, Dating Director of Amboy.
Driven by Henry Reynolds.
McNabb, Dr. McNabb, I don't know that one.
Staying at the embassy, sweets and deer field,
getting older, but we sure do our part to lower the average age of the guests.
My wife is from Sturgis, Michigan.
I was the program director of WSDR,
in Sturgis, Michigan, 1966 and 1967.
How do you like that?
All right.
And worked for a real jerk named Lee Droscher.
He was the GM.
Lee Droscher.
He's probably dead.
Dick and Big Rapids, Michigan.
Well, thanks a lot, Dick.
How do you like that?
Mm-hmm.
Not just about harness racing, but about Michigan harness racing.
Wow.
Hallelujah.
Joe Mars Jr., boy, he was my hero.
Was he?
He's still alive.
Good.
And then he went to Chicago, and he left there only a lot of everybody money,
and then he went to New York.
He went to the big time to New York.
Joe Mars Jr.
Carolus Volato.
That's the horse that he drove in the Hamiltonian.
I have trivia in my mind of harness racing from a hundred years ago
that is so meaningless and so useless,
but yet my brain is just filled with that crap.
Right.
I remember races from 19 from a Zid in years ago.
Wow.
Yeah.
With the great Francis O'Hare in the bike.
I had a Lopez, remember Ida?
Nope.
Yes, you do.
A.I.D.A.Ida?
Oh, that Ida.
No?
Yeah.
You're a week on the emails, man.
I just, well, unless it's somehow a chick with a great ass,
although she does talk about ass.
Okay.
Good.
She says, my boy from out of no southern style soul food goes under the category of American food.
Because we think that should have its own category.
For example, fried chicken, barbecue ribs, black-eyed peas,
not good at ads, collard greens.
What?
I'm going to add soul food.
How's that?
Soul food.
And don't forget the ham hawks.
Oh!
I can't eat as much as I want.
You know what it would do to us Latin females?
Hips, right, George?
Take care.
It's his eye.
I don't draw me a picture.
But he wants to find out.
That's right.
He wants to do a funneled you, Ida.
I think I've ever had a ham hawk.
No, I don't want it.
You don't want it?
Ham is very tasteless.
I love ham.
Do you?
Oh, yeah.
I could eat ham all day long.
It's tasteless, and it's chewy, and it's tough.
No, you had some bad ham.
No?
Yeah, no.
Ham is not soft and then you're up for your greed.
God, steak.
Thin sliced ham or like honey glazed ham?
Honey glazed, well.
Oh, so many good ham honey.
Ways to have ham hawk honey.
Mm.
Fee.
No.
For goyum.
Thank you.
I'll take it.
I'll take your portion.
Bend over us is, I think it's absolutely hysterical.
At Moswakopedia entry, we're first to you extensively.
It must frost his ass.
And then he says,
Your pal, bend over.
Bend over.
Pormo.
Por, you know something, he brought it all on himself.
If he would have had even a sliver of a sense of humor,
we could have had a pretty good time.
He might still be here.
But he had no sense of humor, especially about himself.
Right.
If you can't laugh at yourself, then don't laugh at anybody else.
Why would you go into show business and expect to be taken serious?
Show business, is that what we're in?
That's all we're in.
Here's a coondog, Johnny, which yesterday wasn't enough.
I played that here, come the F.A.G.s for you already.
Johnny.
You racist bastard.
He says, I remember the day I discovered your show
like it was yesterday.
I was about 12 years old in 1997, taking a midday dump,
listening to my handheld radio.
When for the first time in my life, I decided to flip the switch to
go from F.M. to A.M.
Like most of your listeners, I discovered your show by accident on WQM.
Well, that's the only way we do it, baby.
If you listen to this show, it's an accident.
Later that evening, when forced by my parents to explain why I was in
the bathroom for three hours, they weren't pleased with some of the
revelations I heard on your show.
Blue hairs in Hellendale, green toothed Cubans and Mayor Pinkus
Picania, I can't say it, amongst other things.
The straw that broke the camels back for them was when they overheard
that bit of Donald Duck having an orgasm that I can't read it,
it's chopped off.
They decided I could no longer listen to you.
I just don't get that.
I mean, what are these people?
Is some kind of a was?
I got...
I went underground, taped your show on cassette for a few years, so I was about
15, then I could listen to you undeterred.
For years, I dream of the day I could move on and listen to you in stereo.
Get a life!
I have no life.
God, Johnny.
Now I'm a 23-year-old, highly qualified college graduate, who's a full-time job
seeker, I can't afford to leave home.
I wish Vakaram Obongo would deal with fixing unemployment before fixing the housing market,
considering most people buy a house after they get a job not before.
Hopefully I'll get a job this year and buy a big-ass house in Port St. Lucie
and listen to you as loud as I like.
Keep up the great work.
You do the only thing worth smining about in this depressing time.
That's right, we give you a little chuckle, not a big one like we used to,
but like a little, you know, like a...
A shortal, you know.
We're not allowed to give you a big-ass chuckle.
Cold Sunday with quirky hammer.
You know that I called the races on the radio, and WALM and Albion Michigan,
from the Albion County Fair, and Cold Sunday, one of the races on that day.
How do you like that?
That was the name of the one of the horses.
Are you okay?
No.
That I called Harness Races on the radio, and also with the Marshall Fair.
You did everything on the radio, man.
I peed on the radio.
Did you?
And I joist on the radio.
Wow.
Oh, by the way, the horse, I'm trying to think, is it the one that I picked today?
No.
The three wooden Indian has won a race.
Well, this is for four-year-olds, which had never won two races.
The three won a race by three lengths, and the jockey's name was Jay Joyce.
Oh, boy.
A real cheap maiden race.
I'm picking the four languages in the second race of Gulf Germany,
for what's his name?
Kevin.
Right.
It gets a $50 win ticket on the four-horse, and if the horse wins, he gets whatever the pay-office
for $50, and if not, he gets our best wishes.
Like last week.
I feel bad about last week.
But you can't win every week.
You know, the first week I got the winger by a nostril.
By a head.
He won by a head.
Joe Marsh Jr., baby.
Now we're talking.
And Donnie Hall.
Old Donnie Hall.
Later years, he couldn't see a damn thing.
He couldn't see the finish line.
He couldn't see the starting gate.
He couldn't see the S-N of the horse.
You know, there's one thing about horses, and I've told you this before.
They're not like we are.
When it comes to defecation, you know, they come out on the track, and they lift their tail,
and just when they least expected plop, you know, just when you least expected.
Oh, of course.
Do you wonder if they're sitting in the bike behind the horse?
Wow.
Look out now.
His blind mic would say, my, my, look out now.
Although I guess usually the horse like lifts its tail first, because it isn't like a sorelet's tail.
That's one of many reasons not to have a cat.
A dog's, at least my dogs, have never like, you know,
smeared all over themselves when they squat, but cats, because they're so furry, I guess.
And I guess they probably are some kind of dogs that smear there.
Brackdom.
Ask.
Do you think?
Yeah.
Well, it's a lot more delicate for them.
They got all that further.
What's it for, Lord?
Oh, and here's one.
This is the second one we've had about this, and I'm not, we don't take directions from the audience about the show about the website.
Scruia.
Eric says,
Hi, Uncle Neo.
Could you please remove the picture of John V. Volta kissing his boyfriend from your website?
No, why should we?
I'm not homophobic or procturovolta.
I just find it disturbing.
I'm not homophobic.
Right.
It gives me the gosh darn willies every time I see it.
Thanks, Loveya.
Eric, G and Naples.
Oh, by the way, I can get you on the regular radio up to South Sarasota County when I'm driving there on my Wednesday route.
PS2.
George is fine.
I enjoy his solo shows.
He ain't no Neo-Rarges, but he's head and shoulders above the local schlock, and he'll do what was on show after you hit a big and woodbind in a retire.
Retire.
Yo, it says not, oh, but what do you expect from Goyam and Naples?
Could you please remove the picture?
I mean, don't look at it.
That's all.
It's like the dog barking at the moon again.
Quit looking at it.
And I won't bother you so much.
It's not going anywhere, the Kakamoon.
And either is the picture of John V. Volta kissing his boyfriend on the website.
Aren't you amazed that they're waiting?
That's my second request to remove the picture that it's so disturbing to these people?
They're not homophobic.
Don't you understand?
They'll understand.
They're very, very lifeless.
Even tolerate them, Fat Boys, but yeah.
Nevertheless, we don't want to see it no more.
Don't do the Neo-Rarges show.
Go to sleep, go to sleep.
This is your brain.
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, auch.
Any questions?
Morning, two raise phrases in a spin.
Two little restless.
I can't stand tucked as two wives.
Can't take it, I veeey.
Yeah, the song goes on too long as long as OJ.
Oi!
Don't make took this too wide.
Oh, man.
Gives me the spiel keys and soccer I'd
Please don't make took this too wide.
Don't play it no more.
I'll play it now, but...
Oi!
I'm taking a lot more.
I killed Nicole.
Oh, right.
That was worth a couple of rise, Berries, wasn't it?
Sure.
I think they were voicing Berries.
A bargain.
You know what's really good for is...
I've talked about this before.
Black Berries.
I'm not talking about the ones that you, you know, communicate with.
Oh, yeah.
I'm talking about the ones that you eat.
I love them.
Haven't had no black Berries in a long time.
We got one over here though on the counter.
My communicating one says it's 11.01 a.m.
Friday, February 6th.
And it says Rogers on it.
How do you like that?
Not me, though.
That's Rogers.
Rogers cable, Rogers communication, Rogers Internet...
And Ted Rogers just died.
Boy, I won't say anything about it.
Maybe he left me something in this world, you think?
No.
Maybe I'm kind of like Ted Rogers.
617 votes on our pool.
We're not doing too shabby.
What ethnic style of food is the best?
Italian 246.
Man, Jemanja, everybody loves Italian.
When you go to Italy, eat, eat.
And when you go to Italy, go to southern Italy.
Don't go to like Milano.
And eat that risotto.
I mean, if you like risotto, great.
It's moush.
It's rice and moush.
You like risotto?
I don't know if I've ever had it.
And if I did, it was a long time ago.
See, in northern Italy, they cook with butter in central and southern Italy.
They cook with alovo alo.
Olio Oliva.
Gepane.
Seriously, the more...
Every time I think about him and that Godfather III, I get angry or angry.
Yeah, good.
I mean, Sophia, she can't help it.
She got the big schnauz and couldn't act away out of a paper sack.
And George Hamilton, he's got the personality of a wooden Indian like Bokehambra.
But Eli Wallach was supposed to be an actor.
Gepane.
Whoever said...
I mean, he was in a lot of movies, but I don't remember her had ever acting in any of them.
Oh, really?
Really?
What was that Western movie he was in that was...
The Bad and the Ugly.
The Good, the Bad and Eli Wallach.
You played the parody that just this morning.
I did?
Didn't you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
The first thing right out of the box.
No, I did not.
Didn't you?
They talked us to wine out of the box.
When she said that was the parody of them.
What are you talking about?
You played it this week.
It had to be like yesterday.
What's it called?
The Mo, the Deledoy, the something.
Oh, Mo Deledoy, I played that this morning.
Yeah, you're right.
Yeah.
Mo, the Deledoy.
Gaslight.
You're right, Deledoy.
Well, how do you like that?
Speaking of Eli Wallach.
Maybe Eli Wallach is Mo in another lifetime.
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
That Deledoy, man, has he got a voice or what?
And thank God we found a...
Oh, and speaking of him, where is it?
You know, John ZTR?
Yeah.
Well, put this on a head of everything else.
He sends me, he resends me, the two best fake emails.
I think it was wonderful that he came out of the closet the other day.
Although I will say this, it's a little bit disturbing that it took this one genius to come up with all these other...
In other words, like you say, there's like five or six people sent all the emails.
What ethics style of food is the best?
Italian 246.
Cuban 59.
American 59.
Mexican 50.
Thai 43.
Chinese 42.
Indian 24.
French 20.
Japanese 19.
Greek 17.
Caribbean 12.
Jewish 10.
Oh boy, we got too many glamour.
They're deliottoby doing much better than that.
I don't want to sound like predator juicer like that, but boy, I'll tell you a good deli.
Who doesn't like good deli?
Even the smarts is like good deli.
Right, I don't know.
I like it.
Puerto Rican 9.
British 4.
Soul Food 1.
Polynesian Russian and African None.
I guess nobody likes Borst.
I don't know.
Nice shirt out.
Oh, you ever have Borst?
Uh, isn't that Beats?
Like Beats.
Oh, don't like Bitter.
Bitter.
In fact, what is Bitter's?
Is that like Spice's?
Bitter's?
Yeah, I guess.
Don't the Brits eat that crap?
I reckon.
Bitter's.
Polynesian doesn't have any, which I guess the reason being that they just aren't...
You know, back in the day in the 60s and 70s, every major market had like its own chin teaky.
What was the chain?
Polynesian chain?
I don't know.
Trader fix.
There was a Trader fix in Fort Lauderdale or somewhere.
And like the Mickeye and every major market had a Polynesian restaurant, a famous one.
And now it's like out of fashion for whatever reason.
Great, great food man.
I mean, great.
And those Polynesian drinks, woo!
Two or three of those and you're like on Queer Street.
I think that's what happened to me.
I was forced fed Polynesian drinks as a child and I wound up on gay, gay street, queer street, with Rick Weaver.
Poor Rick Weaver man, let's bring him back.
Bring back his body for crying out loud.
I wonder where he is now?
He is on Queer Street right now.
Oh, it's getting busy on that street.
It's getting real busy.
I'm real busy, you know.
How many votes we got on that poll?
631, our goal is whatever we get and we'll be real happy with it.
We got Orlando, Alza Quiria to a clock, mad dog 4 to 7,
Dolphin Night 7 to 8 o'clock, I showed that people are revolting about.
And then 8 to 11, it's DA, speaking of revolting.
And then 11 to 11, it's Greg Lykins.
It's the only show we have at 11 o'clock on Friday.
Monday through Thursday, Gornished.
Weekends, forget about it.
Although I see tomorrow we got, look at this.
That?
You!
Put it away.
6 p.m. tomorrow until 4.30 in the morning, Sunday, we have ESPN radio.
6 at night till 4.30 in the morning, we put that swill on there.
Oh my god, we're making a lot of cutbacks.
Info track, 4.30 to 5 in the morning, whatever.
And then Gold Coast Forum, 5 to 6 in the morning.
What is that?
See, that's why we need Fat Chris.
He could probably tell us.
And Sunday from noon to 2 after 3 hours of the beast,
we've got Adam Cooperstein and DA Sunday afternoon when people are awake 2 to 5.
Oh boy, I bet you that's when he gets to shine.
Now that we got no more dolphin games for many, many, many, many months,
that's when DA gets to shine on a Sunday afternoon between 2 and 5.
Anyway, John ZTR says the best, two best fake emails,
sent by him, of course.
First from the fake Mark Hein.
And you'll remember these, just as I do.
This letter is in regards to the near Roger Show on your station.
I don't know if this email will go directly to Neil or WQM management.
First, I've been a listener for many years and joy has shown the problem is,
however, that recently the show has been lackluster.
He even goes on to blame the callers and emailers as if we somehow are responsible
for the quality of the show.
I'm not even on WQM's payroll, so why is it my job to create material for the show
simply because the host doesn't give it damn?
Next is the fact that he brags constantly about mailing it in and not carrying.
How is this possible?
As a former business owner, one of my employees went around bragging about being lazy.
They wouldn't last long.
Not to mention this is bad for the morale of the company,
we'll cause others to follow in his footsteps.
Yesterday's show, for example, started out fine with Neil taking calls and emails
and doing his news stories, but it wouldn't last because early into the second hour,
he was annoyed by a caller and soon went into playing bits and didn't look back.
He proceeded to do this until the end of the show.
Thank you for taking your time to read this.
I love the stuff the station has done over the years and all the great personalities
you introduced to South Florida Radio have a happy holidays, a concerned fan.
And then Edward O'Brien, who might be the all-time best.
You think?
Yeah.
He says, I'm writing you because I've been giving your show a try for the past two weeks.
A coworker told me about you.
I listened for a few minutes and I knew immediately it was not my type of show,
but my coworker insisted I give you a chance and I did.
If I'm going to judge something, I like to at least be fair, but I don't know.
I don't know what it is with your show.
You're not a bad person and neither is your co-host, but it's not like other shows,
at least not from what I've heard so far.
When I listen to other shows, I feel like I'm there in the studio,
reminiscing with old friends.
But with your show, I just don't get that feeling.
I can't pinpoint what it is.
Maybe it's because you don't do your show for Miami,
or the fact that you and your co-host aren't in the same room.
That plays a big part of it.
There's a magic that's there when the hosts and co-hosts are looking at each other
and can play off of each other, but with your show, it's just not there.
You get the feeling that you and your co-host are at two different worlds.
Look at how hard and robin' interchange, for example.
When I listen to their show, I feel like I'm there, and that's what Radio's all about, isn't it?
Another factor, and please don't take this as big a tree,
is that you're an openly gay man.
That's fine, but when you're talking about how hot Brady Quinn is,
I don't think you realize it, but a good portion of the male audience is being turned off.
I could take it once or twice, but when you just start describing how hot another man is,
it makes me reach for the dial and listen to something else.
Again, please don't take this as big a tree.
Gays are fine by me, I tolerate them, but I don't see the point of flotting it as much as you do, especially on the radio.
It's fine that you're gay, but why does everything have to revolve around that?
My coworker tune into your show last week, forcing me to listen, and it was all about Tim Tibo, this and Tim Tibo, that.
How am I, a non-game male supposed to relate to this kind of talk?
Tim Tibo sucks.
Maybe my opinion is unfair since this is a tail end of your career,
and my coworker keeps telling me how great you used to be,
or maybe he had to have grown up in Miami to be able to listen to your show.
I don't know, I just don't know.
Oh, enough with the bits.
Who plays this many bits anyway?
Thank you for your time.
Sorry I didn't become a fan of your show.
My coworker was driving me nuts to listen to you, and Bill D.
who is the Howard Stern to Miami, but your show is not for me.
Good day, and I hope your show gets better.
That's my favorite line of the whole thing.
I hope your show gets better.
I hope your little dog gets better.
What?
We hope it gets better, too.
No, it's so to we.
We hope like hell that Jolly Jo Bell gets run over by a freight train.
You got that by Peter Palmer, freight, train, freight, train.
Oh, here's one from Al Dente.
Neil, I don't want to tell you how to run your show,
but one, your website needs to be completely updated.
It sucks.
Two, George needs to go.
Three, you should talk about hockey less than nude women more.
Four, be more conservative.
Five, speaking of lower tone voices, I'm a little sissy-ish at times,
regards Al.
Sissy-ish.
Speaking of lower tone voice, how's that?
Better, much better.
Oh, here's a link about bidders.
It says, check it out, dude.
No, I'll pass.
It's a link.
Are you serious?
He's playing freight train by Peter Paul News.
I am.
I'm Warner Brothers Records.
Any other Peter Paul Mary?
The White Labour.
Freight, freight, train, going so fast.
Freight, freight, train, going so fast.
Those are the days, baby.
Sixties.
Please don't.
Hope he's it.
What train I'm on?
Brothers four.
Here, Paul and Harry.
The Amchus I can't sing an Oat Bob Dylan.
There's another state of mind, thing Bob Dylan.
Can we read on that?
Yes.
Wrote some good songs, but just like you said.
Eee-eee-eee-eee-eee-eee-eee-eee-eee-eee-eee-e.
Is this blowing in the wind?
Not yet, it isn't.
Oh, but it will be when it starts singing.
It's gonna be.
Off the magic drag, you want to.
I know it.
Try it.
Make, try.
Yeah, make it cry.
It made, what's his name, cry too, that freaky swimmer Michael Filpsky?
Oh, I've got me in bad judgment.
I'm so sorry and he lost the Kellogg's account.
Well, that'll teach you.
After that.
They're not gonna welcome him in bad, we're not gonna welcome that geek in battle creek.
Just to make up for that, whatever he does wind up endorsing, I'll buy twice as much of it.
And by the way, Kellogg, the guy who started the company, he invented cornflakes to stop people from masturbating.
He was crazy.
He was a crazy story.
I know.
And it didn't work.
No.
It did not.
I don't think.
It does.
It does.
It does.
It does.
It does.
It does.
Correct them.
That's all they're gonna tell.
The talent is losing out.
And buddy, it's they screwed up and I.
Tune in out.
That's all they're gonna tell.
That's all they're gonna tell.
That's all they're gonna tell.
That's all they're gonna tell.
That's all they're gonna tell.
Love and I, take that five sixty WQM.
Happy Friday, all hell of a new to the summer, Shining.
It's gonna be a real beautiful weekend.
Somewhere.
All right.
Here's one that says Michael Phillips sucks anyways.
Someone with such a bad list shouldn't be prompt of a spokesman for anything.
Yeah, the spokesman always have a bad list.
You know what I'm saying?
But he's actually the Ottawa Shininger's spokesman.
But nevertheless, Gus says, now this is your ghost of joy, the popcorn, the kettle, dumb.
The only thing you can do to make the show better is stop reading the idiot's criticism.
Hey, Gus, they're fake, they're put on or a joke.
Okay, you got it?
Gus and I enjoy them.
They're most amusing.
Now, let me ask you this question.
Yeah.
No, don't say, yeah, you're supposed to say, go ahead.
Did we enjoy them better when we thought they were for real possibly or?
We know that they're all put on.
What was that?
Well, you never thought anything else.
I didn't think the first one was for real.
But you're such a skeptic.
Right.
You're such a hard-ass skeptic.
Yes.
My God.
What's your point?
Well, there's Chris Burman with that fake, big poopy-kanging out.
Oh, Lawrence is back.
I don't want to tell you how to do your show, but oh no, not Lawrence.
Oh my God, I thought Lawrence was a sane person.
Oh.
Can you believe this?
I believe it.
I haven't already, but when it starts out, I don't want to tell you how to do your show, but then don't.
Then don't.
Don't.
Don't.
652 votes in a pool.
I'm just killing time with that while I'm printing out this horribly.
I mean, I thought we actually had like a rational sensible human being there.
Lawrence, like a pseudonym intellectual.
Why?
Oh my God.
Let's see what he has to say here.
I don't want to tell you how to do your show, but you and George must only speak in tongues and not to say.
You can only read bedtime stories that I've proved first.
Oh, I see this is supposed to be funny.
Uh-huh.
You can only speak about subject matters that make me know, oh, this is weak.
You can only do this, but it'll be a bit of poop, but a bob.
You must move.
What a bunch of jerks they email you anonymously to boot, whatever the boot means.
Oh, Lawrence, quit trying to be a comedian.
You're not funny.
This is supposed to be funny, only it's not.
You can only speak about subject matters that either make me and only me laugh.
Yeah, we know.
Why would anybody waste that much effort?
You know, I have no idea.
Paragraph.
Paragraph.
Paragraph.
You nailed it.
God.
I have no life.
Jesus.
Hey, Lawrence, I thought you were like a real mench.
You're just another guy with no life trying to impress me with your tremendous humor.
Hmm.
The FCC didn't find any humor in this.
They find CBS Radio Affiliate in Pittsburgh, KDKA.
$6,000 for a talk show, prank, promising $1 million to a caller.
How do you like that?
KDKA.
KDKA.
Once one of the great radio stations, 1020 on the AM dial.
Once home of the Pittsburgh Pirates, the flagship station, with the great Bob Prince.
And before him, Rosie Rosewell, open the window at many.
Here it comes.
The FCC says KDKA, a host, Marty Griffin, told listeners, the money was in a briefcase at handcuff
to someone in the studio.
The money was promised to the 13th call around Thanksgiving 2007.
That listener called in, stayed unholed for 45 minutes thinking he had $1 million.
CBS argued the offer was preposterous and clearly a joke.
But FCC investigation chief, Hillary D'Nigro, said Thursday that Griffin,
Missed a listener by calling the contest the real deal.
The real deal.
And I'd like the real deal.
KDKA is 30 days to pay the final repeal, 6 grand.
They could find that on the sidewalk.
Michael Young, the station senior vice president general, Mandra had no comment.
What are you going to say?
Or a bunch of idiots?
Yeah.
Once great station, that would be like WBZ pulling a prank like that.
Or WABC, or WCBS, or WNBC, or whatever.
Or WMACU, or WCFL, or WCAU, or WHAM and Rochester,
or a really horse ball station, even though I used to get those free hockey tickets from Bob Turner.
Or what a memory.
Jesus.
Wow.
Scary, you know what?
Bob Turner, he was the sports guy, and WHAM and Rochester.
And I was sitting in my little post garden.
He would read my name on the air as one of the winners.
And I'd wait for them in the mail.
I was always excited to go see the Amhersts.
To go see the Amhersts.
And boy, I really liked how he young.
He always was red in the face.
Always had a red puss.
Yeah.
How are you young?
Hey, how are you?
How young?
Well, that's because I was, you know, young fact.
Brett says, I'm not asking you to do anything with it.
Oh, I see.
I'm not asking you to do anything with a Travolta kissing picture.
But as a very gay male, I find it disturbing.
He's ugly.
Says Brett.
PS love the show, Neil.
Yeah, you're trying to, you're trying to backtrack now, Brett.
That you showed your ass to the entire world.
Back to.
That's it.
Although I agree with that.
He is but ugly.
I mean, his gross John Revolta.
He's got a face for off the air.
He's got a face for the Uranus Pluto yikes.
Speaking of that, Dick Taney says,
I've been listening to you for years and years,
have quite a large file on you.
You're pretty funny sometimes.
If I was still an office, I'd send George to Gitmo and Turdboard him
until he admitted he was a pink Okami.
Oh, yeah, thanks for the cash, suckers.
Can you play the bit about my balls?
Signed Dick Taney.
Yeah, he opened up a big mouth and over him in last night said he oughta leave the country.
Leave the country and get out of the way of progress.
Okay?
Although I don't see any progress yet, but it's a big, you know,
we got that bailout.
Mm-hmm.
Big ass bailout.
And then Monday allegedly they're coming up with an even bigger bailout.
Oh, God, they got billions more than everybody wants to get their hands on.
When are we going to get our share, huh?
Yeah, we're getting to know him.
There's pay cuts and pay cuts and pay cuts and cutbacks and firings and layoffs and crap like that.
When are we going to get a little piece, huh?
A little something, something, that's all we want.
Right?
Yep.
Even George would settle for a little something, something.
Just enough to wipe my beak.
Now, when are you going to be back at the Gulf Stream?
Two weeks from today?
Two weeks from today.
Oh, that's 27th.
The 27th.
That's three weeks from today.
Okay, then.
I haven't got one email about my picket Gulf Stream today.
The four-hours in the second race.
Langley?
Oh, but Adam Oshmac, could you please make my week and play the call with a free ticket lady?
No, I cannot.
It's boring.
Wow.
Quit trying to program the show, Adam.
Go outside and play in the snow and get pneumonia.
Oh, no!
You cry, though.
You bastard.
Oh, what's the problem, officer?
Deploy from the vehicle.
I'm not going to say anything.
If you're caught driving without a seat belt, you will be removed from your car and shot.
The police now have the authority to enforce seat belt safety under the new Patriot Act 2.
The new law is an effect now, so click it or be shot.
Officers don't like doing this.
They are only following orders.
It's for your own protection in the never-ending fight against terrorism.
Terrorists act such as mouth noise.
Perpings and fighting.
But be annoying to others, so under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants.
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot.
It's the law.
We like saying that.
The law.
The law.
The law.
The law.
It's the law.
I'll put you in that bin.
I never knew that there's a farting noise.
Did you?
No, I did not.
Fart sound.
Uh-oh.
It's called farting through the mouth.
As opposed to farting through the...
RECOM.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, Geldie when he speaks, he's farting.
And thank God that it turns out that John's ETR was Leo.
Because otherwise we would have had to get Geldie a bodyguard 24-7.
You know the stalkers.
You know what you always say?
And you know who I bet one of the Acronix is is Al Rogers.
I couldn't agree more.
Oh, guaranteed.
That's just like a little light bulb went off over my thing.
Al Rogers, the stalker.
Once a stalker, always a stalker.
Just ask the goddess.
This is the rule that I've come to understand doing this all these years.
The people that you want to hear from the least are the people that you hear from the most.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
On phone or mail.
On your phone.
Great show.
Great program, Neil.
LaSette says, and by the way, the emails are coming in really good.
This is the way this is supposed to work.
Okay, a steady flow.
We don't need like a hundred dollar ones because then it's a little bit more than I can handle on my advanced stage.
But a steady flow throughout the day is great.
As opposed to like when we get to like 12, 31 o'clock.
Oh, well, they're out of material.
You know, you know, do a dance and entertain them.
Entertain us, Neil.
Come on.
You're getting paid big bucks.
Entertain us.
Do a dance.
Do a dance.
Work up a schwitz.
LaSette says, Hi, Neil.
So I just had to vent about this whole Michael Phelps situation.
I'm not condoning smoking pot.
Well, why not?
But my god, why is this such an issue?
It shouldn't be.
He's a young guy.
Had a great year last year for himself in our country by winning eight medals.
I was watching CNBC last night.
And Larry Kudlow, a real Nazi, was going on and on about how bad this is.
And blah, blah, blah.
I just don't understand it.
Well, he's a Nazi.
Okay.
He's a hypocrite.
He's probably humping elephants.
This country has too many tight ass people who are constantly are telling people what they shouldn't
shouldn't be doing.
Hypocrites, I say.
You've got to list that.
They're all full of crap.
They're all full of big nasty brown smelly turd.
It says this is the only country where pot and other street drugs are criminalized.
But every other commercialist for this prescription drug and that one.
That's right.
Take the prescription drugs.
You've got it, especially Cialis and Viagra.
And if you start seeing stars, then you really got to go see Alice.
Well, you want to see Alice?
I sure don't.
Sure.
Who?
Alice Rantell.
Oh, that Alice note.
Do they not realize it's the same crap?
If not worse, because prescription drugs are chemicals that cause harm while pot is from the earth.
Sorry, I had to vent.
I feel like I'm around crazy people all the time.
That's right.
I'll say if you're on this planet, you're surrounded by crazy people, smelly people like it would buy.
I guess where I'm going into a clock.
What does it sound?
I thought it was only South Florida, but it's all over this country.
I hope you and George have a nice weekend.
You, too, let's set the voice of reason in the audience.
Let's set.
She knows her crap.
Poor Michael.
Felt.
Why are they picking on him just because he's a goofy, retarded looking guy.
It looks like he came from outer space, not of this earth, not of this species.
Oh, not another poll suggestion.
I like this poll from Paul.
The solution to the economic crisis is one cut taxes to increase spending in the infrastructure.
Three more government involvement.
Four less government involvement.
Five, do whatever Obama says.
Six, give the mighty Neal so he can double it or would buy.
Now we're talking.
Give me that cash, baby.
I have a great time with it.
I'll give you a double for your trouble.
Well, yesterday those machines were cold as ice.
You know, they just some days.
Now next time we have that guy, when you were a Gulf steam, what was that guy's name with a pinstripe suit?
Oh, I don't know.
Because he probably, what?
I wrote it down somewhere.
Some Italian guy.
Yeah.
He probably really knows the ins and outs of these slots and how they work.
All of these Italian, he's probably got some contacts.
Oh, don't say that.
Well, why not?
But I'd like to find out.
I'd like to have somebody admit to us that they run computer programs where they're like, you know, where they either like wide open, which is probably very rare.
Or they're like on slow cook.
Meaning you couldn't squeeze.
If you had a, if you had a shotgun and a jackhammer, you couldn't squeeze a dime out of those damn machines.
I don't have it.
When you run slow cook, you don't have one.
His name.
I must go down.
He's name next time you're there, maybe he'll show up again, although probably not.
I probably know what he'll probably find out that Nio is asking about the secrets of the machines, man.
Because when they got him on slow cook, man, when they got him basically turned off, you couldn't, if you took an H bomb, you couldn't get anything out of those damn things.
And you can tell it when I'm in a whole row around you.
They're all like bitching and oh gee, this machine sucks.
Oh, this blows.
You know.
I really could write a book about my, I mean, you want me to write a book or a radio, which I think is quite boring because it's a dead issue.
Not about radio per se.
I would like to write a book about my experiences at the machines, man.
An autobiography about your life.
No, I don't want to write that.
Who now wants to read that?
There's nothing exciting about my life.
There is a, no, maybe not later.
There's Hank on CNN.
It's been so successful that they clamping.
No, her face is too thin to be the humber.
You always say that every time Barberstar comes on, oh, Hank's on TV.
Hank's on TV plenty on ESPN because they have respect for the humber.
They don't treat him like some type of garbage like Joe Bell treated him.
Just because Hank hated Joe and had the balls to say it right to his face.
I hate you, you fat, tub of garbage.
That's what he said or something like that.
And Joe was just coming around the corner and heard the humber say that.
That was the end of that.
Because once Joe takes a sour added altitude toward you, you're screwed.
And believe you me, they never dreamed I would sign that deal.
And when Norma called me a couple of nights ago, I said, you know something?
In retrospect, maybe I wasn't so stupid now that everybody's out on the beach.
Everybody's getting canned.
There's no jobs.
Everybody's broke.
Maybe I wasn't quite so dumb as some people thought I was, huh?
Yep.
I got a guaranteed deal for five years, mail in this crap in every day.
Getting a watchist.
What?
I don't know what you're laughing about.
No, the emailer that accused you of mailing it in.
Mailing it in, baby.
There's nothing like that's what Mepho says.
And look at him.
He's got a big number.
He's got a 0.3 over there on that station.
And nobody can pick up.
And nobody ever heard of before off the 640 on the dial.
It's not far from us.
Give him a shot.
Okay, when you see Mepho.
Give him a shot.
Give him a shout out.
Do they still make that crap shout to wash your clothes when it's out, shouted out?
I'm adding.
That's a good pull.
By the way, Paul, give the mind to Neil so he can double the woodbine.
I like that.
In fact, give it to me now so I can take it with me this afternoon.
Just give me like a whole bunch of bags of money.
Can't you see me going in there like with a wheelbarrow and a bodyguard?
Yeah.
Wheelchair.
And a bodyguard.
Oh, I see some of the saddest things.
There was a guy there yesterday, propped up in a wheelchair.
I do mean propped up with like tubes on his...
Q nose and oxygen on the side of the chair.
I mean, just this guy had to be like within seconds of death.
Well, it's a good thing he's making the most of it.
That's right.
That's what I can relate to.
That's where I'm going to be.
Paco is going to be wheeling me around at the woodbine.
Take me to machine number 12, number 12.
Oh, that's why I paid the jackpot.
We could go today and pay the jackpot, 227 grand.
There's some really strange guy from India.
Strange, very mysterious guy who wore some very mysterious guy.
Oh, me, you...
Me, you...
Yeah!
After years of failed attempted mergers with cable news channels,
Disney owned ABC has decided to launch their own 24 hour news channel.
Here's what it may sound like.
Good evening.
This is Emma Loss reporting from Orlando.
Our top story this evening,
nine people were injured when they fell off the...
Nope!
Better give me something else.
In other news, 4,000 people experienced explosive dying rhea I'm vomiting.
While disembarking the...
Nope!
Better go over to sports!
Here's goofy.
Garswick, I've got bubbly.
Why see you?
Okay then.
Good job there, Rayman.
What's the trip to an ashable weather picture?
Standing by me, ABC weather center.
Here is Uncle Reynolds.
Back together boss.
Do the weather, do the weather.
How will you make Asian balls?
I don't want to do any weather down the banter.
Get it up with us!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, we don't have time.
We interrupt this weather report to take you live to Iraq.
And special correspondent John Aldock.
Donald's coming to hear me.
I can't understand you Donald.
I think we're having some problems with the satellite.
Can you be more clear?
Um, I'm not getting it Donald.
No, no, no, no.
What's the stockings going on, Rayman?
I can't understand a word he's saying.
Anyway, you want more weather balls?
Go ahead, hurry up.
There's a storm coming in Orlando.
It looks like the weekend is shot.
The weekend is shot.
That's what I said.
We'll have more news after this.
Alright, 14-0-0 at 560 WQM.
What's news?
What's that all about?
News on the radio?
That's something we never heard about on QAM.
Revolutionary.
Yeah.
Remember when we first came to the station?
And they used to do news updates?
And the news updates were really sports updates.
Remember that?
Yeah.
What did you say?
What is racing from Dubai?
Tories.
Looks like Frankie Dittouri finished second in that race.
You know the great Frankie Dittouri?
Land Franco Dittouri?
I'm starting to get into the mood for the erasing thing now, you know?
I see.
Good.
By the way, you can never get into the mood too early for the big racing Friday at Gulf
Stream.
I agree.
Our pick-up-only contest.
Which, uh, Flea, I know this still hasn't done anything about.
What's that?
Next time you're, huh?
What's he supposed to do?
I'd do a promo for it or a liner or something so people know where how to sign up and maybe
be contestant like Kevin today.
Maybe get picked for a chance at a $50 win ticket on horse that I picked.
It's still running.
Here he is in the stretch right now.
Silver Missed in front of set trying but silver Missed in a phony British accent.
Dubai.
Now where the hell is Dubai?
Over there in the Middle East.
Someone said like the United Arab Emirates.
Want me to look it up?
Yeah, look, look on the map and see exactly.
I never really cared all that much about where it is.
I know, I know there's a whole bunch of rich Mata heads who live there.
Right.
Who've been raping us.
Or what?
You were right.
United Arab Emirates?
Yes.
Well, how do you like that?
Didn't know that I had that kind of incredible knowledge.
Not just about horse racing and harness racing.
You're ready for jeopardy.
And that drunk guy that used to drive at Jackson Raceway, I can't think of his name.
It'll come to me.
Drunk.
Anyway, oh, here's some bad news about Michael Phelps.
Does anybody really care about Michael Phelps?
I don't, but it's newsy.
Michael Phelps returned a competition for the first time since the Beijing Olympics is on hold.
The swimming superstars have been suspended for three months and had his training stipend revoked by the USA swimming, his stipend.
You look at him and you really doubt that he's got a stipend, you know what?
No comment.
You want me to continue with this story?
Oh, I don't care.
Sure.
Why not?
Go ahead.
Sorry.
Yeah, I have to play my side as you're forgetting.
It's the latest complication for the 23 year Olympic Great Sense of Photo Surface showing him inhaling from a marijuana pipe.
A marijuana pipe.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Hard and criminal man.
He also lost a high profile sponsor yesterday when Kellogg company said it wouldn't renew his deal with Phelps that expires later this month.
Well, screw them.
I'm off my frosted flake.
So I'll tell you that right now.
Actually, I could get that family size box.
What was what was the chain where they serve those big extra extra right?
They're gone, right?
Yes.
We had a bag your own groceries like all over Europe.
You have to bag your own.
I mean, what kind of a what kind of a supermarket is it doesn't have a bunch of good bag boys?
Not a very good.
Phelps recently resumed serious training in his hometown of Baltimore with a goal of qualifying for the summer's world championships in Rome, but with his suspension, it's going to cut into his racing schedule is racing schedule.
Oh, God.
This is not a situation where any anti-doping rule was violated, but we decided to send a strong message to Michael because he disappointed so many people, especially the hundreds of thousands of USA swimming member kids who look up to him as a role model in hero.
Yeah, likely story.
Likely story they probably want to share.
This is what the governing body said.
Michael has voluntarily accepted this reprimanded committee to earn back our trust.
Phelps want to record eight gold medals in Beijing.
We turned America's one of the world's most acclaimed athletes.
He made a headline of a different kind over the wake of the photo published last Sunday by news of the world of British tabloid.
The latest fallout has been much greater than in 2004 when an underage Phelps was arrested for drunk and driving three months after the Athens Olympics.
He pleaded guilty and apologized to his fans saying he wouldn't make the same mistake again.
Well, so he made a different mistake.
He didn't make the same mistake again.
Right?
Right.
USA swimming provides a $1750 monthly stipend and national team members to up-deafraid travel and training expenses and buy some good crap.
I mean some good Schmidt.
However, it's a fraction of the millions, folks, makes through endorsements.
The stipend will be withheld throughout his three months of suspension.
Cyril and snack maker Kellogg said it wouldn't renew.
I bet you they're not even going to be able to get those marshmallow squares.
What do they call those?
The Rice Krispy treats?
The Rice Krispy treats.
Is that what they call them?
It's what they call them.
Those marshmallow squares.
Now if they're made right, they're really great.
Oh yeah.
And if not, they taste like yucky, you know?
Correct.
And especially if they're still like in my Chinese convenience store.
No, speaking English.
They have stuff in there that expired before Jesus was a baby.
I'm serious.
Like pasta sauce.
You look on the label, oh, expiration date.
Two six, a 2004.
Yeah, five year old sauce.
It's still good.
You buy it.
Yeah.
No speaking English.
Anyway, Kellogg said it wouldn't renew its sponsorship contract with Philp saying his behavior is not consistent with the image of Kellogg.
The swimmer appeared on the company Cyril Boxes after his Olympic triumph.
They don't understand that when you're smoking like that, you get to munchies for Kellogg's treats.
That's right.
You said that the frosted flakes right out of the box.
That stuff is just evil.
Yes, so good.
Frosted flakes.
Don't you like it?
I do.
How could you not love it?
Do you like it?
Maybe I love it.
But I know by Cyril, man.
It's the bad.
It's not the kind of carbs I'm going to like a splurge on.
Good plan.
Once in a while, I'll buy like a little bag of Doritos, something like that.
Yeah.
Because they're good.
I like Doritos.
It was just fine.
Me too.
All carbs already float it with chemicals and, oh.
Mm-hmm.
And I'll tell you what else.
Cheesy popcorn, what those are called.
I don't know.
Not that much.
Give it like a little bag of that.
Yeah.
That's good.
Good stuff like the white cheese.
Yeah.
The only problem, but it's awesome.
The only problem is that it gets all over your hands.
Oh, yeah.
You've got to wash your hands about six times before you're done with a big bag of that.
Stinky stinky fingers.
Yeah.
Stinky finger.
Mm-hmm.
Felt-sizzing knowledge regrettable behavior and bad judgment leads incident.
He didn't dispute the authenticity of the photo.
Reportedly taking a house party while he was visiting Columbia, South Carolina in November during your standard break from training.
I don't think it's any of their damn business.
How do you like that?
I don't think it's any of anybody's business.
Even being the freaking ugly geek that he is.
If he wants to smoke a big fat one or whatever he's smoking, that's his business.
Why is anybody else's business?
Am I right?
I'm so freaking loathing, man.
Absolutely.
You're bad.
All you know, Jay Paparazzi.
All you bastards.
News of the worst.
Or my ass.
St. Dimonias and Baker.
St. Dimonias.
St. Dimonias.
I'm puffing.
Thank you.
Sorry.
Boy.
Are you ready?
I've got an emotional like this.
What was signed up?
I don't remember ever seeing that in like a one answer.
Something example for other people's children.
Yeah.
Have you?
714 votes on the poll.
Which ethnic style of food is the best?
Everybody's got at least one vote now.
Thank God for that.
Italian 280.
281.
American 66.
Like burger and fry.
You're going to die.
Cuban 65.
Mexican 62.
Thai 52.
Chinese only 46.
Indian 26.
French 23.
Japanese 21.
Greek 18.
Caribbean 16.
Jewish 15.
Only 15 for Jew food.
Oh.
Delhi.
Blinkes and grubbiness and oh such good stuff.
Pumentosh and the real ones.
Not airzats.
Not those little hockey pucks.
Puerto Rican 12.
What is Puerto Rican food?
Can you explain to me what Puerto Rican food is?
I wish I could but I can't.
No.
Somebody will tell us.
British 5.
Soul Food 4.
African 2.
Polynesian 1.
And Russian.
Solomente Uno.
Adin.
Adin Vach.
Etiti Piaci.
I left out the three.
The three is three.
Oh, here you go.
I enjoy your show.
However, I have a few complaints.
Normally, I wouldn't complain.
But since I moved to South Florida, I find myself complaining a lot.
It's like a freaking disease down here.
That's correct.
George Sucks.
George Sucks.
George Sucks.
Steve Geldy Sucks.
The old Farts driving in the causing accidents.
Mute George's microphone because he's irritating my rectum.
No more gay talk, please.
And George Sucks.
That's it for today.
And it's signed the big O.
The big zero.
See, we're pronouncing it wrong.
It's not the big O.
It's the big zero.
O.
He's done got no zero.
He's got that solid 1-1 in there, 2-4.
Rock solid.
You bet.
Trevor says, I think it's a brilliant idea by Gelf Sting Park.
Do the Friday informational promoting them on your show.
I look forward to it.
My only suggestion would be instead of putting 50 bucks on the nose,
they should put 20 across the board.
More chances to win would make it seem like it's easy to win money,
gambling on horses.
Love the show, Trevor.
Don't be given instruction now about our promotion, okay, Trevor?
50 bucks to win.
We don't want to like a trap place in show money, okay?
That's for pansies, Trevor.
We want to put it all on the nose.
Oh, new.
This is Dick Cheney.
I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour beeping.
Hey.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
Anyway, I'm eating lunch.
Good.
Here I am.
This is leftover from yesterday.
Good.
It's crispy, fried ginger, chicken.
Sounds good.
Mmm.
It's good.
It's sound good?
Mmm-hmm.
No, it's really with your mouth.
It's so good.
Tell them to don't do it.
They're fine doing it to piss off all those idiots.
Oh, it's such a patrache.
It's so claseless screw you.
It's new and it's lunchtime.
People all across North America are eating lunch.
That's why they can't eye.
Right?
Right.
I mean, it's like about a quarter of an order
that probably didn't finish yesterday,
which is unusual, because he's got a giant appetite
for a little punk.
But nevertheless, this is good.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Although, to be honest with you,
rather have like a big plate of cheese blenses.
Yeah.
731 votes on a poll.
We can make 900.
I'd be really proud.
Be a real feather in our cap.
In fact, Chris would be pretty upset about it.
So what's the story with him in those bedtime stories?
It's already February 6th.
He's going to be taking them over March 1st,
beginning of March, something like that.
Oh, now is this official?
You're just making them up?
He sent me an email.
When we last spoke about it,
I sent him off an email and he responded.
I just forgot to tell you.
Well, who's going to teach him how to do it?
I guess Cordis is going to do it.
Oh, there he is.
I don't know.
You're counting on that flunkhead?
No, I'm not counting.
I'm not counting any flunkhead at all.
I'm counting on this show ending at 2 o'clock
and getting the hell out of here.
That's what I'm counting on.
Good.
I'm counting on getting my clothes on by then
him getting into that cab at 2.
Mmm.
Well, you better talk, is that I'm eating?
Talk.
Yeah.
There'll play some of that.
Come on.
50 music, you're famous for.
Talk with your mouth full.
All right.
This is by Jeff Haulk in the Tampa trip.
And why Mama B, who usually sends me good stuff,
send me this crap about Jimmy Cifilis?
God.
Jimmy Cifilis blows.
You fairy.
You got to be kidding me.
But nevertheless, how is his wine joint doing?
The one he was in a business with Henry Barrett.
Oh.
Oh, I'll finish this one piece.
Because I don't want to talk with my mouth full.
Jeff Haulk says, I know Super Bowl week is supposed to be
about professional football, and it is,
but the emphasis on food and drink is quickly catching up
as the focus of the week's festivities.
Among the highlights,
launching at Maliou's Prime State House,
with former Dopp and wide receiver Jimmy Cifilis,
now a wine ambassador from Artenian Rossi.
Cifilis travels the country promoting the brand's various
products, including their sparkling trio,
Oste, Prosecco and Rose, which they've used in April.
Do you even got Joe Rose involved in that?
Is that Oste, Prosecco and Rose?
It's not Rose.
The vertigo.
You have your rose wine?
Well, you're not a wine connoisseur.
I have, though.
No, not a wine.
I need your own wine, but I've had some.
I had one wine.
I'll bet.
And it says, this isn't just Jimmy Cifilis exploiting
his NFL playing days.
Until about six months ago, he owns Cifilis's wine
seller and Cifilis's wine corner in South Florida,
which went on to business.
He also founded Cifilis's cave club, a private wine club,
with personal wine lockers, tastings, classes and meals,
and owns a wine collection with more than 1200 bottles.
Plus his family's wine making roots go back to his grandpot
in Pennsylvania.
And so this guy writes a puck piece about Jimmy Cifilis.
I'm sure that there were other people eating at other restaurants
in the Tampa Bay area during Super Bowl Week,
but that's what Jeff Hauke gives us.
I wonder if he's kin to Ed Hauke,
speaking of harness racing families?
You think?
Who?
Ed Hauke.
Never heard of them.
Upstate New York, baby. Buffalo Rochester.
Oh, that guy.
Never came here.
Canada Deguil, Geneva,
Seneca Falls,
Penian,
Binghamton.
Mike says you need, not that you need to be told this,
but the markets are the biggest Ponzi scheme ever created by a man.
I want to say,
I have no life.
No, I want to say this.
Absolutely correct.
And I have no life.
But two.
How in the hell is the market up almost 200 points when they announced
we lost 50 zillion jobs in the past nine months,
past month.
It's the worst job in the firm since 1992.
What a scam.
Who in their right mind is actually investing in this environment?
You think it's possible that our government manipulates the exchanges to avoid
masses, Staria?
Could the government manipulate the exchanges?
Oh, can I thumb bitch?
Maria B.
Give us a valid conclusion on why the markets are going up in a negative environment?
Have a great weekend, says Mike.
The biggest Ponzi scheme ever created by a man.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
I was going to play a fart sound in there, but I can't do it.
How about a raspberry?
All right.
I'm noticing that some of this chicken is dark meat.
Yeah.
Why do they do that to me?
They're cheap.
Is that what it is?
Well, yeah.
What does that mean?
Dark meat is cheaper.
Why is that?
Because everybody wants the breast, man.
And don't turn it into a racial thing either now.
Because everyone likes breasts.
Karen sends me a dirty email.
Who?
Karen.
Karen.
It's okay to talk with your mouth, Fulneil, because we listen to you with our mouthful.
Tee heee, and Karen.
Tee heee, Tee heee.
Cruiser says you have a lot of sex ads on your station, but not for gay sex.
What gives?
Well, we don't like, no, this is a macho sports station, okay?
We don't like no gay sex.
Not what I heard.
This stuff is okay.
It's last today.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
Stuff, some stuff is even better when you read it than when you first make it.
Yep.
Not pasta.
Nope.
Because pasta gets a rubbery.
It gets mushy.
Oh, there's nothing worse than overcooked pasta.
Basta.
Now for me, I look at whatever it says on the package, and I boil the pasta one minute less.
If it says seven to nine minutes, I'll boil it for six minutes.
Okay.
You got that? Is that okay?
Got it. That's fine.
That's, uh, okay.
No, you're not supposed to say, okay, you're supposed to say, yeah.
Go ahead.
Yeah.
Better get with it.
I shouldn't be eating this on here, but this is my lunch.
It's better than going and getting a candy bar to a clock.
A big snickers with almonds.
Oh, you know one thing about Chinese.
What? You'll be hungry in another hour?
That's right.
By two o'clock. I'll be hungry again.
Why did they say that?
I don't know.
They say a lot of stuff.
Who's they?
You know those people.
That's how my mother always used to say, well, you know what they say?
Yeah, they would say, well, who's they?
Who's they?
Huh?
I think they live in Iowa.
Come on, Ma.
Fest up. Just one, just this one time.
Who's they?
If you never told me, it's the Illuminati.
And the Bilderbergs.
The trilateral commission.
The Bilderbuckers.
It's very hard to talk with your mouth this full, right?
George Ann says, if we were to say Levine with a short eye
and not a long eye, how could Ricky Roma say Shelley the machine Levine?
If we were to say Levine.
Shelley the machine Levine.
God, I love that movie, George Ann says, if you could play any quote from that movie
that would be great.
Have a hell of a week.
Oh, it's not, George Ann. It's Robin South Miami, who probably masquerades this, George Ann, on the way.
Get the truck.
Hey, get the truck.
Get the truck.
Get the truck.
See, you said we didn't have the short version of that and we do.
I just played it.
I just played it. It's under Cadillac board.
Okay, I don't have it.
We got erased from mine.
Where did you learn your trade, you idiot?
Who ever told you that you could work with men?
What you're hired for is to help us.
Does that seem clear to you?
To help us?
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living?
You company man. You ferry.
Oh, Neil!
You're listening to Neil.
Sir, Mary Catherine.
Jesus!
In the last presidential debate, Barack Obama and John McCain, referred to Joe the Plumber 25 times.
Joe the Plumber.
Joe the Plumber.
Joe the Plumber.
Joe the Plumber.
Joe the Plumber.
Joe the Plumber.
Who is this Joe the Plumber?
And how did he warrant millions of dollars in?
Free advertising has money been pumped into their campaigns by the...
Plumber's union is the leaky faucet in the kitchen of John McCain's Phoenix estate.
Repaired.
Has the tripping showerhead in Barack Obama's Chicago condo?
Scott dripping.
Did they turn to Joe the Plumber while the country was going?
Down the drain.
Joe the Plumber.
Good for the candidates.
Bad for America.
Presiding paid for by Bob the Builder.
Bob the Builder.
Jack weeping for the Builder.
Yes we can.
This is Bob the Builder.
I approve this message.
Prof. 16 and 560 W.C.
I'm done eating.
I don't have like a rich mouth anymore.
Huh?
It was good.
Good.
And it wasn't great.
It was dark meat in there.
What the hell did they do that for?
Told you.
It's cheaper?
Yeah.
Don't you know like every time you get like chicken nuggets, chicken fingers at a restaurant,
everything, that's all chicken breast.
It's the most popular part of chicken.
So the most.
I like white meat, baby.
Right.
Exactly.
So does most other people.
So does most others?
Yes they does.
I say.
Okay Maria B is chimed in the fake Maria Bartiromo.
Hello Mr. Rogers.
I just got finished interviewing Ken Lewis, the CEO of Bank of America.
You would think your listeners would have a better question for me than why is the market going up?
To answer Mark's question, it's the Obama bounce.
I need to rise on extremely busy today, have a wonderful weekend since early Maria B.
Yeah, likely stir a Maria B.
Who you really be Maria B?
Huh?
Fony bitch.
Let's take a look at that gambling channel for a second.
It's power lunch.
So we're now joined with Steven Stanley.
That was up 155 points.
Aren't you impressed?
Let's see on this BNN with the alunias.
Aren't you worried about the loony?
No.
Why not?
I'm worried about the tuning.
Oil is down to 3943.
Good.
The loony must be down.
It must be down.
Because when the oil goes down, the whole Canadian economy goes in the toilet.
80.65 down a half a cent.
80.63.
Keep going down.
Keep going out about 20 cents.
And then I could afford to live on this a new reduced salary that these grave robbers
are paying.
Oh, but you only got a 50 percent reduction.
Everybody else got 5 percent.
That's right.
Levine and Levine.
Goldstein and Goldstein.
There's no rule of thumb.
I guess it's whatever you make it up to me.
However you like it.
Levine?
Mike Levine.
I'm trying to think about I know anybody named Levine.
I know a lot of people who are dying on the vine.
Most of them at this station, including us.
Here's one that says,
Bonjourno from Paul.
Bonjourno.
Thanks so much for posting my poll suggestion about South Florida drivers.
I'll try to send you stuff I think might find interesting or germane to your show.
I won't become chronic, yadi-adi-adi.
In that spirit, one of the things I find has fundamentally and substantially altered
our political and governmental landscape over the past 25 plus years is the role of the media.
The transition from the Winkin-Don'tell days of the Kennedy administration area media
to the piranha-esque feeding frenzy that takes place these days on a daily basis
is nothing short of stunning.
Oh, my God.
Granted, much of this can be traced to giant leaps and communication technology
and going from what used to be three major networks reporting the news once at 7 p.m.
and remember newspapers,
to dozens of them running 24 hours a day.
24 hour.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
What elements should be in?
Yeah, and out, in and out.
However, what I think is more critical than I believe you would agree is that the media has gone
from simply be putting things objectively,
to telling us how we should think about every item that appears on the horizon.
That's correct, Paul.
What we should get excited about, what we should care about.
It's one big op-ed piece now combined with a fake legitimacy.
These people bestow upon themselves simply because they appear in front of a camera or microphone.
The latter, however, is very dangerous when coupled with an ever-increasing ignorance level in this country
and this is how you get from brinkly and cronkite to limbaugh and colder all in a scant period of time.
Of course, I'm just scratching my surface.
Of course, and we could dissect this for weeks so I will stop and submit the following poll suggestion.
What would you like to change about today's meeting?
And he's got a bunch of other choices on there.
Okay, well, thanks a lot, Paul.
All the best, says Paul. All the best to you.
What's this poll here?
Oh, I never gave the final result from yesterday.
Did I? I don't remember.
And maybe a part of the long time ago if he didn't.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, the way this morning.
Which of these places would you not be caught there then?
I never gave the final result. We had 797 vote.
Gay bar 206. Not me. Gay.
Oh no.
NASCAR event 157.
Church 122. Not me. Westland, ball, T-room 100.
Not me.
Newtis County 53.
Fee. Walmart. You know why I say Fee?
Because the people at Newtis counties are always ugly.
So I've read and seen pictorials, you know, ugly people at Newtis County.
Who wants to see a bunch of ugly people naked?
Right. I don't want to see a bunch of ugly people where they're closed on.
Sure. And if I went, I'd be one of them. So that's why that's why I always stay away.
Can you imagine me at a Newtis County?
I'd rather not. Thank you.
They'd be, they'd be heaving.
Walmart 39.
Swinger's Club 37.
Golf Course 27. Nistra Mirr.
Miami Highlight 21.
Kruciut 18.
Adult Bookstore Pornotheater 17.
Speedy of that Harry Potter Niels bitch sends me a long, long thing about executive compensation
and Stephen Ross, the Warner Chairman, and they're, oh, it goes on forever.
Sorry, Harry. Too long.
God.
You want to hear it?
No. No.
Don't say go ahead.
No. Go ahead.
No.
No. Don't go ahead.
You did that in back of your order.
Yes, but you just don't know how to do it.
Go ahead.
That's it.
Excellent.
You can see the
757 on today's pool.
We're going to do 900 if it's the last thing we do.
And then there'll be buzzing around the water core.
Oh, my God.
They don't get 45,000 like they do on the, on the George Sedano show across the street.
Yeah.
With his one point, share whatever he's got.
Keep talking, guys.
Keep trying to talk yourself into having numbers because you don't have any now.
And you're not going to have any only.
Lebtur is got a number.
And that's because we won't stop talking about the ball game, the game, the game, the game, the game.
Give me the ball.
Give me the jack strap.
We won't stop it.
We don't want to entertain people 20 hours a day.
We want to talk about ball games.
And people who sniff them and suck them and lick them and sniff them.
God.
On and on and on.
Oh, it pulls Sean says, I caught a few minutes of you smacking me around you, that is my lesson still or pool.
But just like an abused rifle, I hang around for more.
Sorry if my pulse can't be as good as Charlie B's.
What's your favorite brand of corn pads or the Neal Centric?
If the Near Roger show was canceled, would you cease to exist?
Yeah, he's got an excellent point there.
Two Neal Centric, those Charlie B pulls.
Oh, would you like, would you like to smell on Neal O'Fourth?
The right one or the left one?
The middle.
Or the...
Brechto.
Yeah, the middle one.
The little one.
Forgive me, but I'm just recovering from handing over my stock portfolio to the U of A.
M.
For my Godson's textbooks says Sean.
175 bucks a pot for a single used textbook.
At these prices they should have his big new Brazinski come over and read the damn thing to us.
He's on the way.
Oh, well, I guess somebody has to keep Donna Shalala and devil dogs, but what a racket.
Lee Harvey Oswald had the right venue at the Texas Schoolbook Depository.
He just had the rifle pointed the wrong way.
Do you understand what that means?
Nope.
I don't either.
Regardless, Sean, PS gets the damn exercise you.
Poopy old diabetic.
Glad George is feeling better.
Poopy.
I don't know what that means.
I have no idea what that means.
Poopy.
Poopy.
He probably doesn't have...
Look up Poopy.
I know from TV, but I don't know from Poopy.
That's your buddy, Sean.
Let's see if we have an hour and twenty minutes to go until post time for the second rated
Gulf Stream.
It means gay.
Oh, gay, I never heard that.
No.
Gay.
Can you call me a fagboy?
Dictionary of sexual terms there.
Really?
Well, it sounds like Sean is an area in that he's got some expertise.
Fat poopy bastard.
Fifty-one minutes till the first post of Gulf Stream.
There's a horse called Parkie, the seven in the first race at Aqueduct.
I think we're going to plunge our lungs on Parkie.
Because it sounds like poopy.
Isn't it?
It does a little.
How come I'm not hearing any audio from...
Oh, the wind.
There's that crazy guy, Tampa.
Welcome to the Minneapolis, throughout the United States, and on across Canada.
I'm on the ship to see my glider.
I'm on the ship to see my glider.
And sunny.
It's the evening.
So the evening is fast.
And the turf course sperm, portable rail remains.
It's a little bit...
Fuck, oh man.
We're moving in line for the first up 10.
Nine to five, favorite.
Number seven.
Why because?
With Jackie Rosemary, homeister, Jr.
See, what did I tell you Rosemary, homeister, Jr.?
Oh, she's the Jackie, the Jr.
The daughter.
Well...
See that?
And we're talking about Jr.
So the mama, she's retired.
She's a trainer now.
And Rosemary, homeister, Jr.
She did that to differentiate herself.
Well, be the great fellow.
So when she rises, single-race, they don't start, you know, screaming at mama.
Hey, your mama.
And now the favorite.
Absolutely.
Welcome, late the night out.
There she is.
Rosemary, homeister, Jr.
Oh, they're in the game.
They can offer another weekend of live racing.
I'm ready.
And they're off.
And they're off.
Pups Lady V is away alertly and right to the early.
Sweet candy rye is there.
Second, there goes the favorite up from the outside.
Why because she'll be caught for wide around the first turn.
And the last turn is dang if I know.
Around the club, I'll turn the go.
Pups Lady V has the lead.
And from the outside, why because under a strangle going to the lead on her own.
Two and a half links for the back, NAND star racing along thirds.
Sweet candy rye to the inside fourth.
Then it's a gap before.
Tillaris' dream fifth and far far back is dang if I know.
Only six of them as they settle for their journey up the stretch in the favorite.
Why because and Rosemary, homeister, Jr.
showing the way by an act.
NAND star moves up on the outside to apply pressure to the leader.
The great fillet Pups Lady V trying to stay up there on the fence.
Third, one linked farther back.
Sweet candy rye being nudged on for it.
Then it's five links farther back to lyrus' dream and still nothing from dang if I know.
You know, I tell you about the chalk.
There's three for longs for that.
Rosemary is the chalk.
And moving up on the outside, he's cute candy rye.
If he finishes it all,
backing to the field a second and third, the ninth and ninth.
Stopping to a walk.
Because as a puking is cuts.
As they approach the quarter mile pole, sweet candy rye is in the clear and...
How you like that for Rosemary, homeister, Jr.
Don't play mommy.
Oh, no!
Rye, do you best, dude.
Welcome to Spawning with shoes on my feet.
I've learned other party with AIG.
And 85 billion dollar check was cut.
And we were having a party with your bailout fund.
How the fuck party with your bailout fund?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hey, you are a party party, summer fund, what happened?
Lots of fun with your bailout fund.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We've elated back, hasty and white, cheating on our white score a thousand a night.
We have to talk and there is still this time.
So everything is gonna be alright.
How y'all?
Having fun with your bailout fund, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Having fun with your bailout fund, yeah, yeah.
Why, why, you shoot for us and open showers for you where I've been.
Lots of fun with your bailout fund.
Come on.
Company three at 5'60 WQAM.
I got a bad spy report about your close ball friend Tom Jica.
Oh no.
Coming up momentarily.
You know that seven horse in the first race in aqua?
Oh, here it comes now.
Not good.
Ah, I think he finished it desperate third in a five or six horse field.
Tim and Tampus's why don't you have someone on your show who knows something about slot machines?
Oh yeah, that would be a good show.
That would be like a baseball card show.
Sounds great.
Don't you have any callers or emailers who place lot machines all the time?
Here you're talking about woodbine all the time.
What about Las Vegas?
A lot more casinos there so your chances could be a lot better.
Oh!
Oh my God, that's like Ray Perry.
If we had 8,000 sports talks they would bring a lot more people to sports talk.
A lot more casinos there so your chances could be a lot better.
Tourist trap.
Can you say tourist trap, repeat after me Tim, tourist trap like Niagara Falls, Vegas.
And the spy reports we get out of the machines there are tighter than a snared rum these
days in lost wages.
A lot more machines though so your chances are a lot better.
You follow that logic?
No.
I don't either.
So here is Kim with a spy report.
I have to admit during the 60's and 10's I just get so tired of listening to Joe, I know
Dan Marino rose.
So today I turned to 790 and listen to that clown Sid Rosenjew.
What an effing clown.
He had Tom Jicca on today.
He has an obviously the way he spelled J-I-D-K-A Jidka.
After a few minutes the conversation turned to you.
Sid was saying that he was the new meat and town not like that old stale fart on 560
and he proceeded to put you down and talk a lot of Schmidt about you.
What bothered me is that Jidka agreed with him about you.
I thought you and Jidka were friends for many years.
Well so did I think.
But it doesn't take much to get people to backstab.
The only thing I did agree with him was that he thought that Barry Jackass was under the
worst in the business.
All the B.S. aside, although we don't agree on a lot of things, you are very entertaining
and pleasure to listen to.
By the way, Beth the house on Yankee victory in the third race at Gulf Stream.
We don't care about the third race.
We are going to be long gone by then.
And nobody has got any opinion on my pick of the four in the second race, Langley, which
your Kevin has got 50 bucks bet on.
Nobody has got any input, output.
I just looked at the handicraft for Nikolay Diaz's name for Gulf Stream.
He also picks the four.
How do you like that?
So that's a bad sign I guess.
So what do you think about that Tom Jicke backstabbing me on Sid the Kids Show, huh?
Suckin' up with those losers over there.
Oh my God.
The new meet-and-town with his 1.9 share.
Loser, loser.
Every month, every book, every time you turn around more horrible numbers.
And he keeps thinking he can talk himself in.
But oh, he's the new meet-and-town.
Yeah, rotten meet, stale meet.
You can see the rodents running around just waiting to pounce.
Oh my God.
The new meet-and-town.
You guys got levatorid and that's all you got.
You got nothing else.
Period.
Everybody knows that.
Including Tommy Jicke.
I demand an explanation from Tommy Jicke.
Don't you would demand an explanation?
No.
I don't either, but it sounds good.
I mean, that's just unbelievable.
I believe it.
Maybe he's sucking up for a radio show of his own over there.
Yeah, that's right.
He's not going to get out over here because Eddie Kay isn't here anymore.
Maybe he'll write up a 940, filling in for Eddie Kay when he starts there.
One thing about Little Tommy, I've always said.
Get body stupid.
Right.
Dick Cheney says, thanks for playing the bit about my balls.
As for the future of America, it doesn't look good.
Wait till the American people find out what me and my buddy George have really been up
to the last eight years.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
We in the RNC have got a simple model bar from an old Jackie Mason, but I got mine,
get yours, and believe me, I got mine.
Says Dick.
Cheney.
Got a bad article here about Chinese food, about chinks.
I just finished that lunch.
Well, I may have to get in my hands and ease and puke my guts out of it.
Chinese restaurant food unhealthy menus loaded with sodium saturated fat and calories,
even the veggies.
Remember veggies from Boko?
Whatever happened to that loser.
Loser.
The typical Chinese restaurant menu is a sea of nutritional no-nose.
A consumer group has found a plate of general sauce chicken, for example,
is loaded with about 40% more sodium and more than half the calories in average
if it needs for the whole day, for the whole damn ding dong day.
The battered fried chicken dish with veggies, that's pretty much probably like what I just
had, has 1,300 calories, 3,200 milligrams of sodium, and a whole bunch of saturated fat.
I can't read the number.
It's bluffs down.
That's before the rice, 200 calories a cup, after the egg rolls, 200 calories and 400
milligrams of sodium.
I don't want to put all the blame on Chinese foods, said Bonnie Liebman, nutritional director
of the Center for Science of the Public Interest, which did a report released this week.
Across the board, American restaurants need to cut back on calories and salt.
In the meantime, people should think of each meal as not one but two and bring home
half for tomorrow.
Well, that's what I just did.
I thought, of course, I ate the whole thing yesterday and then half of his today.
The average of all needs around 2,000 calories a day and 2,300 milligrams of salt, which
is about a teaspoon of salt.
You add salt to food ever?
Sometimes.
Never.
Never, ever being the high blood pressure diabetic fat old fag that I am.
It's not a good idea, but sometimes it needs it.
Well, and then that case, get up and walk out.
Show the food on the floor.
I get up and walk out.
Say this tasteless, bland crap.
You eat it.
Sheila Weiss, director of nutrition policy and national restaurant associations, said
that restaurants around the country were already making efforts to offer customers healthier
choices.
In particular, Chinese restaurants typically offer plenty of options for customers looking
to steer clearer fried foods in heavy sauces.
In some ways, Liebman said, Italian and Mexican restaurants are worse for your health because
their food is higher in saturated fat, which can increase the risk of heart disease.
While Chinese restaurant food is bad for your waistline and blood pressure, sodium contributes
to high blood pressure, does offer vegetable-rich dishes and the kind of fat that's not bad for
the heart.
It goes on and on and on.
The group says there's no safe harbor from the sodium on Chinese restaurant menu, but
it offers several tips for making the meal healthier.
Steer clear of deep fried meat, seafood or tofu, order it stir-fried or brained.
That's all the good stuff.
Like I just had.
Look for dishes that feature veggies instead of meat or noodles.
A noodles.
Hold the sauce, eat with the fork or chopsticks, leave more sauce behind.
All the sauces, the yummy part.
You kidding me?
Avoid salt, which means steering clear of the duck sauce, hot mustard, poison sauce and
soy sauce.
Share your meal or take home half or later, ask for brown rice instead of white rice.
Oh, no.
You get a lot of beef.
The O'Rodger's My Sports Old Radio WQA.
Oh, God, it's all going in there.
Are you hearing my stomachs, my boys?
I'm just one boy.
I don't know that's all that.
My job's good.
People living home from work.
Late one night, when they saw the fine and the fast food light, they pulled in and gave
their order to the girl.
And the next thing you know, they started to hurl.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
It's causing all this diarrhea, but not of the sick are going to die.
They're just gotta bad case, the V. Colour.
I'm not allowed out.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
They started to blow.
That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well.
This is where the bean burrito should have skipped the damage to Lupa.
You might not have made but-supa.
Next time you pass the signs they know, even though it's grilled, so it's good to go.
Lots of people got sick and wish that they owned a gun, so they could hunt down the people who think outside the bar.
Pain from the crams they felt deep in their gut, so next time they'll just go to feed the hog.
Not Taco Bell, there's some excited to blow from Taco Bell, her burning inside their throat.
It has smell, that's when they started to blow. Not feeling well.
From the pain of retail.
From Taco Bell.
Okay, there you go. That's vintage Todd Pettingill, man.
You know that voice?
Yep, that's what I'm talking about.
147, 13-13-1, we got speaking of voice, the big rock solid.
And to a clock.
They'll turn your ass around.
Well, I see I got mung on the microphone, look at that.
I must have spat for my microphone.
Well, Hatchman spat.
Tampa, Maydowns, race two is only three minutes away, we don't want to hear that.
And they're off.
And that guy is just crazy person.
Frank and North Miami says, have been a loyal fan since I first discovered your show.
My freshman college year, about 99 or so.
It disturbs me to think that the moral, moron majority is pulling the red rug right out from under.
Mikey Phelps' feet, Mikey Phelps.
Imagine what a Mr. Ben like to be a grotesque adolescence.
Michael Phelps getting picked up by bullies who were inherently drawn to his perfectly satellite dish-like dumb-o ears.
And grotesquely skeletal body.
Imagine the countless rejection by girls slash women.
Is there anyone other kid likes to smoke a joint?
Recently I was slipping through one of my wife's tabloids while taking a choice.
And found an article where they were ripping Phelps and asked about his exploits with a smoldering piece of half-asian tale.
I wonder what the other half was.
According to the article, she's some Vegas cocktail waitress-turned-faction model for some mom-and-pop clothing line called Pimpson Hose.
Needless to say, she probably would never even have glanced twice at the seemingly-retarded Phelps.
If not for his net worth and endorsements from his now gone sponsors.
But I think guys like Mikey, meaning ugly guys, don't care about that.
He just wanted to make a little do-ray me to be able to afford good high-grade pot.
And then the best escorts that colors could have paid for.
Let Mikey get laid, do a couple of hits from the bong and stop bustin' the poor guy.
He's goofy bastard's balls if he has any.
As for the disappointed children, it's even more disturbing that American parents want for their children to look up to somebody because he can swim really fast.
And even more other significant people who truly have an impact on society.
He's an athlete, not Einstein. Cut the crap.
Sorry if the email is nonsensical. I'm pulling off a big gut-wrencher joint as I'm writing this.
It's his Frank. No, it's not. It's a good stuff. Although the PS does make any sense to me.
Frosted flakes suck. It's all about cocoa pebbles, baby.
Oh! Coco pebbles.
I can find, but I don't like cocoa first of all.
I like cocoa. Anything. You do? I do.
I like oval chocolate. I like oval tea right out of the jar.
You betcha with a spoon, baby.
That's right. That's what you eat, oval tea.
And then you let it melt. You let those buds melt on your tongue.
I like the regular diet of the malt.
Because you know, they make oval tea with, you know, malt.
They do? Oh, yeah.
I better get to my supermarket this weekend. The Dominion, the big one.
What was the other...oh, and hamburger helper.
Oh, I'm gonna be very sick on Monday. See ya.
What's the day that you're not working this month, the 20...
President, say whatever that is. When is it?
It's the 16th, Monday the 16th.
Well, that's a week from Monday.
That?
So who's gonna be working for you?
Flea, I presume.
Now let's see, the first race of Gulf Stream isn't that far off.
Let's just take a peek and see what's going on there.
Scratch the seven in the first race.
I wonder if there's any scratches in the second race.
Now, which one do I like? I didn't look at the form for the first race
because we're not winning that.
The three. What's all was that?
Avar Koa, Imperial.
The three. He's seven or two. He's the third choice.
Four is three to one. The six is three to one.
Who did I pick?
The three.
Oh, no, the four. Oh, Julian Lepparrou.
The frog jockey is on the two.
Julian Lepparrou.
But Avar Koa, the three.
Three, one on the morning line. He's seven or two.
So that's my, that's just for practice. That's just for fun.
Don't get all excited about that one, Kevin.
That one don't count.
Why don't we do one of those KDK-8 things?
Oh, we're gonna give you a billion dollars in a suitcase.
I mean, yeah.
First of all, how stupid is that for them to do it?
A number two. How stupid can be the contestant?
The listener who thought he won a million bucks.
Jesus. God, stupid.
So many. You know, a lot of people presume, you know, that it's not allowed to lie like that.
Do they?
And so they believe it.
Well, we lie all the time. Sure we do.
Just like that crap. Your sports leader. Yeah.
What does that mean?
Well, what is that even English?
You're the, the sports leader.
Seven, ninety six on the floor. You're not gonna make no nine hundred.
That's sad.
Now, I got a really good article.
I think I better leave it for the one o'clock.
From a smirking chimp.
Your war on drugs.
Reformad sheriff to charge felps based on photo.
It's a good article.
From a smircling chimp. Not that long.
James Duke McCabe says.
Nine forty Fox sports.
Didn't they try that already? Yes.
Just what South Florida needs.
Another sports station.
In addition to the eight hundred.
We already have what about your A-holes?
Thanks for doing what you do.
We love you. George to.
How do you like that?
Like they love us.
We love them back.
Oh.
Demesy says.
Funny you should mention the smokes.
I was talking about the price of a Faggot's the other day.
I don't especially smoke myself.
I have no mind to pay attention to those in front of me online.
Any convenience to write shop. However, however, yesterday in a current struck me,
I was manifested the possible observations you just put forth.
Wow.
What a mouthful of mumbo jumbo gumbo that is.
I was third in line in a bit of a hurry.
Perhaps that's why I heard the transactions rather than the lack thereof take place.
The man to in front of me looked to be a laborer.
It had genes and a work where he this is some British goofball.
Demesy.
And a work where he sure he asked the clerk for a pack of merits.
The clerk retrieved them and promptly said five seventy five.
So that the man was literally taken aback.
What?
The clerk not quite as clich sounding as the parliament light guy.
But of packy dissent, no doubt.
Shrugged and looked bare and as if to say sorry.
The woman because the more looked in his wallet shook his head and withdrew leaving the store.
Wow.
Five seventy five.
I thought to myself, damn.
The next customer looking much like a white collar fellow stepped up not having heard what just transpired.
Pack your camels on filter.
He said the clerk retrieved them five seventy five.
The man in the white collar shuddered literally like he just got slapped.
He hesitated pondered then walked away under his breath muttering, I got a quit smoking.
Besides being startled someone actually still smokes unfilled and curious over the idea how seemingly surprised habitual smokers were by the price presented to them.
I thought the same thing you just did.
The economy is going to get a Schmidt load of cigarettes to say no.
Well that's good, maybe keep me alive for a while.
By the way, this is my alter ego.
You know me by my real name otherwise.
Also it says is it a coincidence that Italian priests have more of an alter ego than do a priest of Irish descent?
Get it?
Ha ha ha.
Do you get it?
Get it?
No, I don't get it.
No.
Ha ha ha.
Well he got a big chocolate.
I was just like, what's his name?
Your buddy from religious is Bill Mar.
Yeah.
Oh, he's a panic just ask him.
Ha ha ha.
Oh.
Ha ha ha.
I've always said there's nothing worse than somebody trying to be funny who isn't but there's something actually worse.
Somebody try to be funny who isn't who laughs at their own lines.
Mm hmm.
Who's not even mildly amusing.
That's bad.
That's evil.
799 on the pool.
We got to get to 800 and something first before we got a shot.
I think 850 would be good.
Let's not push it too hard.
Remember the seeds you're pushing too hard?
Yep.
No, you don't have to play it.
I'm not going to.
Well why not?
Do you want me to?
No.
Well, I mean if you got it, go ahead.
No, no.
Because we got to do the break and we actually have to get ahead of minute or two because when we get to like 145 you know what's going on.
It's the long to two hours.
Today on TMZ.
Angelina, you're on the cover of W Magazine breastfeeding your twins.
I am.
And you're breastfeeding now, Izzy.
Yes, it's not.
It's my job.
Your job?
You're breastfeeding not only your new twins.
You're nursing all six of your kids, including the seven-year-old.
And they show like, it's yummy.
That's weird.
It's also smart.
Wait a minute.
That's the neighbor's kid.
But no child left behind means no child.
That's behind.
He's 15 years old.
Get out of here.
You little prick.
I'm sorry, man.
I'm pretty drunk.
One o'clock at 5.60 WQM, 15 minutes to post for the first race at Gulf Stream, 44 minutes
until we find out if I picked a winner for Kevin.
I don't have any comment on the second race on our emails.
Nobody's saying, oh, we don't like the horse you picked or we think we agree or plunge your guts on this one.
Did not get a whole bunch of feedback the other times.
Not a whole bunch, but a couple.
You know, something.
A little something, something.
And I got that one comment about the third race, which is not a race.
So what do we care about that?
Do we care?
No.
There's that obnoxious here, a Phillips on CNN.
Let me change over to the racing channel right away.
Oh, we just finished the second race in Aqueduct and the 2165, the chalk, told you about the chalk.
Went into out, plunge your guts on the chalk.
Not.
Yeah, they rosemary home, I steer a junior piece there in Tampa.
Wow.
Went up and contended for a little bit and then just started backing away.
And then just puked it, scutts, I like, oh, I'm all done.
Let's go back to the barn and let me take a dump.
Or let me take a dump right now.
Now that always has kind of grossed me out a little bit about horses.
Really?
Dogs don't do that.
No.
They don't like lift their tail and drop a load because dogs are the worst of all have to squat.
Right.
Like people, you know, right.
But horses, they don't have to squat at all.
They just lift their tail and.
I don't like that.
What are you going to do about it?
What am I going to do?
I'm going to reinvent it.
I see.
And if I'm going to.
I mean, if I'm.
I'm going to reinvent the house.
Anyway, here's that article.
This is you were on drugs from Smirking Chimp.
Mr. Michael Phelps picture on the net a couple days ago allegedly smoking from a bong and prompting an apology yesterday is now causing him some more trouble.
This is because of backwards South Carolina sheriff who is tough on drugs reads backwards and probably Republican has decided to see how far he can push this.
That's despite the picture being published in another country.
The allegation is the picture is taken in South Carolina somewhere in his country.
So the reform ad sheriff there is on the case.
Spending tax pay money to bring this criminal justice.
Reef or madness lives in South Carolina for sure.
A spokesman for Richland County sheriff Leon lot, who is known for his tough stance on drugs, said Tuesday that the department was investigating.
Our narcotics division is reviewing the information we have and they're investigating what charges if any will be filed said Lieutenant Chris Calon, a spokesman for the agency, another spokeswoman.
This is exactly how marijuana stays illegal in America.
This is how stupid things about marijuana will never go away.
The unholy interaction of dumb cops and dumb journalists leave us with a dumb situation.
First, note how the cops switch narcotics for marijuana.
The sheriff never even says the word in the article.
It's all narcotics.
Pot is not an narcotic. This is stupid.
The police have adopted this narcotic classification to fit with their propaganda bolshmit of equating pots working with heroin addiction.
Liers and DCBers working for your tax dollar lying through their teeth.
Here we get to dissect a little bit of it.
The Richland County sheriff can pursue charges as long as the party was in the country the spokesman said.
The bottom line is if he broke the law as he did it in Richland County, he's going to be charged, Calon said.
And there's no difference between Michael Phelps and several other people we rest for the same type of charge every day.
This is how cops manage to spend their time arresting 850,000 people a year.
This is how cops arrest more people for pot than for all violent real crimes combined.
Note he adds, we arrest several people a day from marijuana possession. He is so proud of his actions.
This is just mean spirit to decide from being ultra dumb. Obviously the sheriff has nothing else pressing in his county.
It's the vendetta of the reefer mad. What a friggin idiot.
Phelps hasn't heard anybody and he hasn't even heard himself. People who suggest as much simply don't know what they're talking about.
They don't read about this. They don't do their own thinking or research.
They just regurgitate the shmit that people like sheriff dimwood here spews to the news.
I want to see them waste more tax pair money since it's a bottomless gd pit trying to probe what is in a picture that can't actually be seen.
Because marijuana is alleged to be involved in police ideologies, no expense will be spared because Phelps damages the propaganda stream.
He's a successful person who smokes pot and therefore has to be destroyed. People are not to be wildly successful and smoke pot.
A lot of people say marijuana is not important. They clearly don't do research and their ideas are hilariously devoid of easily verifiable knowledge.
Clearly it's one of the most important things in the world of cops. This is your war on drugs.
That's America for you baby. 850,000 people. Evil doers.
Oh they're coming out for the post paraded Gulf Street in places like Kentucky and Illinois and Indiana as it is here today.
They will catch up for sure. We're going to definitely move out and actually the weather man got it right.
We've got cloudy skies right now and they said that was going to be because the wind was going to be shifting around.
It's now coming on shore and blowing this cloud cover in from off the water.
But that means it's going to start getting warmer as well.
If you were planning to trip down to sunny South Florida we promise it will be warm when you get here in a couple of days.
Come on down and we'll see you then. Meanwhile we've got a fun 9 race card coming up today.
A fast track and a firm turf course this afternoon.
And Ronnie a couple of solid favorites that you like on the card here.
You're on solid and your best bet of the day US Treasury as we go into this.
I've been sort of walking around the track. I thought this horse was going to open up a lower odds now actually the favorite at 5 to 2.
But it was just holding steady at 3 to 1.
But you know there it's not going to come around now and the reason I like the number 4 US Treasury.
This one is a half to grade one Don handicap runner up. He's an old salt who was ran for Nikki Zito.
And also another grade one stinks place. What's the rent very here well here at Dolce Ring Mungoos.
This one's Mungoos can't pass up a good Mungoos. That's what I've heard.
Here's one from Larry. It's his Brian. Don't call me Liberace Jr. Brian Craig.
Steve Kena Hori's a tossess looker. Here's a guy trying to be funny to wish funny.
Do you need I do us in the Steve Kena. I guess I'm a masochist but as the Godfather told Michael keep your friends close but you're enemies closer.
This gum slash doodle bag is pathetic knocking anything progressive regarding politics religion human relationships science new ideas etc.
I don't care if someone is drake or a humvee but this subhuman if you look up the word direct in the dictionary you'll see his picture is a rock bottom amateur no kidding.
Craig said years ago you wanted to hire him offering to double the salary but he said no because he wanted to stay with Kane.
Is that possible? No I never offered Brian Craig a job and I don't know what I would have offered him because I don't hire anybody.
He never passes the opportunity to mock and to ride you in George and pass scourolis homophobic statements and criticisms.
What is the emis? Is this the Ted Mac amateur hour simply what you're listening to Larry why I have no idea.
Didn't you once say that in the past he and you're a steam barrister Norman Kent were once involved and enormous Craig was lousy and bed again to each his own and do no harm as you say our guidelines.
I try to follow but this hypocrite is a prime example of the close minded bigoted right wing mentality as a result of our country's present predicament.
As soon as Kane retirees I'm sure he'll return to his former lofty employment bag boy public supermarket and closing again not to be Godfather intensive but isn't it true that Norma can't do business with Salfus? No Salfus did business with me.
Oh and this goes on Norman never trusted Salfus oh my god.
You know this must be from a PD Lenny maybe I can't think of anybody in the world trying more desperately to be funny who absolutely is not.
Oh Larry.
Oh yeah.
The whole number eight is back pairing up with the great singing more big hits with even more big stars the mad dog does them all.
Maybe if it's a right.
I'm a right.
Oh right.
Give me a fire.
Oh right.
Oh right.
Oh right.
It's an all new British invasion with the mad dog singing like a man.
I like it.
The truth is finally out that G-Manage was truly the fifth people.
You gotta give it a love and give it a love.
If you want to look to life.
Now your head's to stay.
You always hear me say.
You're right.
Here's the mad dog's ender and how to change tribute to the king.
Oh right.
It's a right.
The mad dog was just a little ambivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again.
Now I don't think so.
So we had Luke the Grotsey payable little visit and tell him either his brains or his signature would wind up on the contract.
That's son of a bitch is cute.
Oh right.
Oh right.
Oh right.
And it's Zinc.
Volume 2.
Available now if you move quickly.
Oh right.
Oh right.
Oh right.
Oh right.
Oh right.
Well they're going in a gate for the first of Gulfstream.
This is not race.
This is a practice.
A little bullet in US victory.
I picked a three.
Amperior.
Okay.
I picked a corpse with a bar core.
He used to be I barcora and war of the range of the last emails from a PD Lenny trying desperately to be a Yiddish funny.
Give it a rest PD go sell something okay.
Times are tough.
Hey cuts everywhere.
War of the ranges coming up.
Yeah.
They're all in line.
a ride and away they go they're off. Very slow start for double bullet. US Treasury had
a good beginning and goes out to the early lead. Ben Ziming here comes desired on the inside,
the three of them speed out for the lead and then comes War of the Ranges 4th on the far
outside and Periour is right behind them tracked by Blazing Taurus. East to west is second
last leaving the shoot and the slow starting double bullet is well behind. The first quarter
was 24 and three up the back stretch desired in Hosea Les Connolly the way a half length
lead over Bet the Limit US Treasury sits two lengths off of them and it's War of the Ranges
to the outside and 4th followed by a Periour Blazing Taurus to the outside. East to west
is six lengths off the lead and two clear of double bullet as they passed a half mile
pull. The half went in 48 seconds flat into the far turn desired in Bet the Limit
one two desired is the leader via head Bet the Limit second to the outside War of the
Ranges and Periour down at the rail then comes US Treasury between horses. East to west is
next Blazing Taurus and the trailer is double bullet. They arrive at the quarter pole and
it's Bet the Limit in front desired to the inside second just off of them War of the Ranges
is third and Periour right behind the leaders beginning to move up and then comes East to
west and US Treasury they're into the stretch and it is Bet the Limit by the gate full in front
with War of the Ranges bearing down on the outside these two by the 16th fold together
Bet the Limit War of the Ranges. Those two knows Bet the Limit War of the Ranges down to
the wire War of the Ranges in time over Bet the Limit and the experts picked there the four
oh here it comes at least I'd beat him anyway so it's a good thing that was just a dry run
the three was right there challenging and the puked is good so that's where it goes the six wanted
or the no the nine wanted nine six so you lose Tampa Bay down third race coming up
they are about to post and they're off and they're off okay it's enough of that okay one
eighteen to QM so we got to 144 for the second race hopefully we'll have better luck you know in a
second race for Kevin hopefully aren't you pulling for him I'm pulling something $50
went to get around the four horse now one email about the second race good batter and different
nothing oh well we just don't have like a lot of horse racing experts we got a lot of
perverts but not any experts right we don't have like any inside you know inside see this is when
I really miss that rich because he'd be there yet to aim for us you know Townton or land
off Hernandez writes love your show Neil been a long time lister since 98 George is a genius with
his quick wooden remarks after everything you say that might be inviting for a cheap shot anyways
I wanted to know and the last time was you were to flag their dog track about a hundred years ago
I lived two blocks from it and they are demolishing it to make a casino like venue with racing drive
by their every day wonder how the places are still in business by the way is there a way to petition
W.I.O. Didi get Jimmy Cifilis out of morning drive it's already caused me to regurgitate my breakfast
after hearing him with his constipated voice love your show Neil PS is there any other
marketing the US with worst play by play guys then Miami Jimmy Cifilis Joseph Gackie and Guilty
Geltstein I don't probably not Miami's always number one in like you know STDs things like that any
truth of the rumor that Eddie K. and Hank Goldberg will join the new 940 sports station coming soon
I don't know don't know where do you think Randy Rhodes will appear if they scrap for W.I.O. and Z
well she's on in Skara America just who knows if locally anybody's going to pick that up you think
get some block of it but down to the wire it's under the wire down to the wire in the shower of the wire
get get whatever whatever that guy's doing get some of it I'd like some
uh have a great weekend don't yank it too hard that would buy an army okay uh uh oh
oh chef spark here real clown also anyway speaking of yankin the machines of all people Jimmy
Dwarisky who says sorry for long email oh you are just a lunatic oh and you know something I
just noticed for the first time what's that what his email addresses is his handle
yeah Jimmy Dwarisky at Cubs fan oh seven hmm you don't think he could be that Cubs guy do you
you're on the bandwagon yet Neil got him all good I shouldn't have asked a question because now
he'll write another 40 40 thousand word reply Neil I'm an electronics and technology
he can read many times that slot machines still don't have the full and real capability to generate
random numbers wishes but it all comes down to no they do not they're programmed much much
more carefully than that there's nothing random about them all the close misses you know like
three four of them in a row programs need to be written by actual people and no one has been
able to truly write code that can do this therefore one way or another whatever pops up on your
machine has a certain predictability however mathematically complicated maybe what we do know however
is that casino is obviously want machines that will not just keep paying out and paying out all day
long well why not that's what I want I want a machine that just starts paying from the very first
from the get go programmers do have the capability to ensure you lose more than you win no kidding
all they have to do is code the software to recognize winning scenarios and execute them as
early as possible since most slots now are nothing more than computers that crap cash you can
guarantee that whatever game you're playing is also playing you it may tease you with a few
bucks here and there but the big jackpots aren't going to be easy also the machines have the
ability to know how much cash you're inserting so if a detected pattern where you're a cheap
bastard puts in dollar after dollar you're going to keep losing it losing I've always won
when starting off with large deposits in the machine because their program to reward real players
and a screw over the shleppers and poor suckers that's a pile of crap their program to reward the
real players I've seen more people come in and stick a $20 bill in and hit it two or three times
to get two three grand Jimmy stick to something you know about because this obviously is not it
and then he goes out with more misinformation and if you're sitting near someone who wins huge
forget hopping on that machine when they collect their winnings and leave it's not going to pay
out like that for a long long time well guess what Jimmy stick with a hot machine man because generally
speaking they pay a large amount over a short period of time don't try it like I said the other day
if somebody asked me well should I watch somebody also lose and lose and lose and then hop on that
machine no if the machine is dead just because you happen to be sitting at it that doesn't mean
suddenly it's going to give you everybody else's money Jimmy you know you can't complain about your
knowledge about these slots because you have none after learning so much about the tech that goes
into slots I no longer play them prefer to stick with cards and some playing them and across from
me and not some glorified video game I feel safer playing against someone's skills than the house
because the house always wins you and George have a great weekend says Jimmy Dwarisky oh yeah Jimmy
D now let's see what the board shows for Gulf Stream second race okay all right
because I'm okay Jimmy yeah I'm okay
Gulf Stream race two twenty one minutes and which one I picked the four six to one the one A the
one is scratched and the one A is in okay now that's interesting because when they sent me I don't
want to go into it I don't want to sound like a chronic complainer but the entries they sent me
oh yeah so the one A is in who done that who done that but not for me last out in November and was
12 by 19 lengths he lost his last two races granted a higher class in allowance races they lost
his last two races by like 30 or some lengths 30 that was wow one A oh now he just went up to three
one and the four is seven to two coast second choice Chris is 20 minutes to post time so
and the fact that you're not there that means the pools aren't like loaded up with your big bucks
oh yeah to knock the price down thank god let's keep George oh yeah George kills our price oh yeah man
when he puts that 500 to win I just move that board it is fun when you go to like a little
podon track like Jackson harness raceway yeah which I think is now finished you can see your effect
and you can affect the price you know you've had people to win and the horses like one
that opens one to five yeah yeah I would have to go to a real small track of course the fun ends
when the you know race finishes and have the ticket suddenly you found that ticket on the ground
bill says Neil I don't know a lot about radio well that's obvious by the time we get to
the end of this bill why are they firing people like joy be in Tampa and cutting wages of
employees of tea channel well they're cutting wages here too bill I mean you get your numbers
from listeners right you get your numbers so I can only assume the sales people aren't selling
spots or people in general aren't advertising nobody's got any money allegedly bill that's the
problem is this the reason that there are so many cuts if I were you I'd be mad as hell just try
to add to the show Neil you and George keep up the great free entertainment not adding to the show
at all bill but thanks for your lack of knowledge about the business like every other business
everybody is going bust baby everybody claims to be broke everybody woke up one day and oh my god
everybody's broken the economy is a dead and everybody's having their house for us for us closed
we all woke up one day and it was like the end of the world and everybody said yeah we're broke
we ain't got no money honey that's why I got my pants on and my shirt my pantaloons
the four just went to chalk five to two damn it how do you like that yep it's not a bad price though
I take that 50 bucks times seven three fifty hundred and seventy five bucks would be okay yeah let me
be able to go back up to three to one four one 19 minutes till a second race of Gulfstream we don't
want to get Kevin nervous but boy the pressure is building grab my junior honey
it's Chris Matthews playing hardball for 2009 I tell you what I got fat over the break I ate so
much turkey when the doctor put his hands up my collar to do my exam he pulled out stuffing
I'm serious it was actual breadcrime some chopped onion not that you care but it's going to be
a puff year for yours truly I can't bitch mong wine you can't play anymore because my guys in
the white halves maybe it's time for me to go after another group of people forget a hobby I've always
wanted a habit maybe I learned to play the trumpet on the sofa and I lost my mind for a minute
nobody cool places so so fun it's impossible to look cool while you had that big donut around
why do they always make the fat kid play the sofa anyway let's get ready to play hardball my first
guest with two thousand ninety surprise and another United States I should say outgoing George
Bush how are you you have a crazy laugh anybody ever telling that you make me nervous why you
looking my zipper does it bother you having a last name Bush does it answer the question well
go ahead go ahead times up don't answer that question my next guest on high bar first episode
2009 don't have another guest real life people don't like me anymore won't come out of program
that talk to nine issue people like congressman for main what the hell gets two thousand nine makes me
the news anchor most likely to play the sofa up on back for another year on our miss and bass
say happy new year all right they want to be one and five sixty nobody cute me you like them I do
I love lots they're great what did I tell you about Jimmy Dorsky immediately he shoots right back
I'm not that other cubs fan and this is the first time you've noticed and the email is not
forty thousand words well thank god Jimmy the other one was eighty thousand that's all right he's
okay he just doesn't know what he's talking about about the slots I mean less than nothing see there's
one way to learn about something and you know what that is do it that exactly very good if I had
that bell at you always play yeah I play it do it just do it do it and if you do it and you
experience it often enough you know that all these stories like that book that you sent me I mean
it was my marginally interesting you know and the one thing that was true and there about our
NG random number generator it's all bull crap and they're right whoever programs whoever
invents these programs for the slot machines these people have got to be two things number one
geniuses and number two massacre a sadist sadist look at that the forest hanging in there is the
favorite five to two but still a good price one is four to one three is three to one what's the
three or three was a wooden wooden something knock on wood I forget you're knocking knock wood
it's another stupid expression knock wood wooden Indian see I told you it's about it's a
vocamper horse wooden engine with Carlos Marquez sure was I had that channel you got well you don't
have it I don't Alan Garcia excellent jockey by the way right in the four he's Peruvian and he is
really but that's yeah we don't bet our jockey's because they look good you know at least I don't
I might watch him a little more intently if they tend to be you know like
yeah have your castelano 842 votes on the pool what ethnic food is the best which one do you
like the best Italian 319 just kicking ass the Italiani mom mamia spicy meatball how can we
don't have spots like that anymore that's a spicy meatball huh we don't these it's like
everything else the quality of everything is degenerated to a to a kaka poo you know kaka poo
this weekend is a long weekend for who and that's what Paco says I thought every weekend was a long
weekend for him I don't know what it is
but at any rate 842 on the pool the Titan 319 American 81 Cuban 73 Mexican 70 Thai 60 Chinese 56
French 31 engine 28 Japanese 26 Greek 19 10 minutes still post time for that race and the
four still five to two Caribbean 19 Jewish 19 meaning Delhi Puerto Rican 17 still nobody told me
what Puerto Rican cuisine is like or what it is yeah I can't tell you soul food nine British five
Polynesian for African for and Ruski Russian too I think you drink Russian cuisine vodka vodka okay I'll
start the video this week maybe Monday is a Canadian holiday or some kind good point
is it is it on your calendar no I ain't got no Canadian calendar
well what do you mean by that well I think it's that kaka me me um kaka me me family they are something
that Stephen Harper came up with sit around it with all the other Nazis and be a family something like that
at any rate Wesley says oh that this goes on this is an article that's I mean they'll be running
the last race at the Gulf Stream by the time I would get through reading this it says at first
glance it might be seem seem to be too long for you to read aloud AL a load AL OAD a load but
tremendous in surprisingly fast read yeah out loud wow Rosie says about bluebell ice cream well this
is good oh you know what better do the break early because it's right minute still post time do it
one eight seven to two the three is three to one the four the one I picked is five to two favorite
but just barely we don't want no short price we don't want like you know six to five three to five
we don't want crap like that that's no excitement the five to two is bad it's a seven dollar
house Rosie says I'll keep it short it's late five twenty eight in the morning no less this morning
I mean cave creed Arizona it's like the Davia Phoenix after all the bluebell talk me and the
boyfriend decided to give it a try got a half gallon half and half half an illa half chocolate
he likes chocolate ice cream I don't and the bluebell is readily available here don't waste your money
a lot of chocolate briars is eaten in this house and you're better off with it the ice cream is
boring not worth it if you used to hire creamy fat stuff I prefer Ben and Jerry's and now we have
half gallon of that crap three ninety nine saw from almost seven bucks in another store
and now we have half a gallon of that crap sitting around unemployed not loving it listening on
the archives thanks insomnia give my kisses to George and religious will make you laugh your ass off DVD
rips the route George got a free copy anyways steal me a copy
oh no it's Friday you bastard
well from the hard part I may say I'm crazy I'm Chris Madgers I gotta be honest with you I feel
like a little fluffy white cat and it was just for giving a warm ball of milk I feel like a completely
different person since we have a new president Barack Obama it's just like I'm gonna show ghost
whisper with Jennifer love you and the place psychic maybe Melinda Gordon which he looks at Sam
she sees that that husband James face because when he died he jumped in the same body I draw the
parallel because when people like me they see me Chris Madgers from high-five Amazon be say but when
I look in the mirror I see a little girl in a pink wrapper my hair and pig tails licking a
lolly pop with like a two-foot and conference I feel like rose from two and a half man you know
Charlie's darker girlfriend I'm totally in love with a man who doesn't know him alive but it not
is not people said to me hey Chris what about the fact that the doubt plans to its lowest level
on the migration day history so what paper said to me hey Chris I can repotably create 4
million new jobs under the Obama administration I say he can he's a candy man he can take a rainbow
wrap it in his side so get in the sun and make it for every lemon pie I feel like a cherry pop
type that's been big golden brown the perfection and the poster of him and he's just sitting on the
counter waiting to be consumed I feel like Angelina Jolie's underpants it's a new day
same a crappy economy wars horrible real-state market endless despair and divisiveness but now
we have a president who can pick tomorrow dip it in a drain separate the sorrow and collect
a ball of cream a bomb of can a bomb of can he's a candy man I'm Chris Madgers playing high
ball I'm his empty state
okay 143 a QM we got about a minute till post time and the four is two to one
he's the chalk but not heavy chalk two to one is six dollar host so that would be a nice 150
bucks there about it's probably a little extra change on top of that for Kevin and here's
the end of the fourth race attempt the spirit owls lightning is trying to battle back but down
to the wire come to the wire and mon strip on the outside close the deal getting very leg weary
but show hang on to take it on the wire by two now I'm wondering how loud maybe you want to work
on Monday and I'll take Monday off say what it's a Canadian holiday yeah yeah
that didn't sound like a very positive response it's also an Uzbekistanie holiday and I'm taking that off
oh no so I guess the answer is no slacker okay the four is two to one they're going in the gate
and gall string who didn't know that goes in who'd done that now into the gate
one is four to one the three is five to two and the four our horror series wouldn't
indian language two to one Broadway Bobby Z the next one Bobby Z as he can to Joe Z followed by Langley
five thousand
and
masherka waiting for Ellie's Cereau and
a taviani they're all in they're all in line they're on a taviani on the Broadway
just sign on well there goes five thousand out to show some early speed masherka's right there too
with Broadway crazy who done that and Langley on the inside
Ellie Cereau is next and then who didn't know that and would an indian in the back
tightly packed they make their way into the fire turn and it's masherka to the inside
and right alongside battling for the leaders who done that who now just look up to
something I'm wrong here with who done that on the fire turn four is fourths and where's no
masherka to the inside and moving up on the far off one side is a taviani five thousand between
horses is right there with Broadway Bobby Z needing running room is Langley down at the rail
then it's allie Cereau and on the far outside who didn't know that trying to close in into the
final furlough and it is masherka moving on the side who didn't know that to the outside is also
right there I think we're going to weirdly who didn't know that far outside what an indian
closing on the left and they hit the wire very close up here Langley or who didn't know that
what an indian on the outside we might have got it and then again we might not
see they show us such an angle on there you couldn't even see the horse on the outside where his nose was
we had the lead are you with me I got this throw this for the lot I just got nothing to say about it
well I can't tell because we don't have anybody out there if your buddy Steve Sloan was there
doing you know his thing might be I don't know he sent us a text message say don't worry the
foreheld on I don't know they'll tell you that right well then now they're running a race from
Dubai on here they'll tell you eventually we had it right up till the line and then that whatever
that other horse was came flying out of nowhere just like two weeks ago just like two freaking
weeks ago and he didn't call it he called it either either or so I guess we'll do the break and
hopefully somebody will maybe we got somebody out there it's gonna let us know and then they'll
post it and we'll see it on here on each PI a lot of pressure baby a lot of pressure my heart is in
my throat you believe me no and well this allowed race to a Gulf Stream so it's gonna be official there
is an objection I don't know by whom against whom and not against our horse six dollars to win we won
six even so it's 150 bucks for Kevin two out of three weeks there at the weiner how much did we
win by did the who's the Steve Tony this yeah you're sending me text so and how much did we win by
an auspire he did not make any difference you don't got to win see that's one thing it's like
these idiots that bet on sporting events where you got to give spreads point spreads football games hockey
games baseball games stuff like that point spreads oh you got to win a race by at least three
lengths otherwise you lose you know well what what is that in a horse racing either you win or you
don't and we won aren't you thrilled aren't you excited I am ecstatic objection disallowed
Gulf Stream race two well thank god for that thank the lord paid six bucks even
nice handicraft in job their boy it's a good thing he had room there at the rear he came
sneaking through on the inside just had room to get through and one probably by a desperate neck
a desperate nostril by a schnauz we wanted 850 on a pole we got 860
what a great way to end the week so you sure you don't want to work on Monday
yeah pretty sure that's not the holiday anyway it's the 16th somebody emailed me
says the next long weekend here in Canada's monday fibrous 16th not a federal holiday it's a
provincial holiday this holiday was started last year don't McGuity the premiere of Ontario he belongs
to the liberal party with ease of nazi says Joe from Toronto don't McGuity started this holiday I
thought it was that nazi is Stephen Harbrister while who cares the politics here is a joke
let's get the governor general on there to read the throne speech again and see if everybody's
really going broke or not well that that's bad the angle that they show it's a good thing you
can't see you would you'd be very upset okay I mean I was upset because all I can see is our
horse is taking the lead and it looks he's he's got it and then all of a sudden on the far
outside here comes some other horse flying like a bandit and then when they get to the wire you
can't see where the outside horse is because they are they shoot it on a real angle from way off
to the left of the finish line yeah so cut it out too much pressure man I'm going to have like I'm
going to stroke out right here on the air Ken says Randy was canned during the primaries I forgot
about that but it does make any difference because it wasn't INZ carrying her show even though she
wasn't on scare America yes she's now with Nova M radio right her home station is 1290 in
Palm West Palm Beach JNO she follows the pill popping fat ass says Ken well you're right about
that Ken but she was on 124 on the 940 and whether she's going to continue being on somewhere in
the Miami market who knows who knows who cares you know like that I don't want to seem indifferent
but you know what you're indifferent right good guess
Tim and Miami says the felps cases of perfect and you know I did the break I don't know why I did it
there why why I don't know you're going crazy what I was waiting to know I had too much excitement too
much pressure yeah caving under the pressure I came handle a two-old and feeble although I got my
shoes on now and my shirt and my pantalonis good and I'm ready for a woodbind make a couple of
millions this afternoon I hope I do as well there as I did for Kevin right that's pretty good
and by the way the three that the handicraft reprieved I think he's still running
and the one a that got all the early money there what you McCollard what you what you think
he done on the last year man he came as close to falling right down on his ass took a bad step it
whoops there he goes right to the back of the pack with the three so I don't know what the name
of the handicraft reprieved is there it's a Gulf Stream a boy I sure got him beat today anyway
no I actually um well I don't know the difference because there's one guy that does it online
okay and then there's this guy that they have with the real heavy New York accent well this
one's a full sister to a full brother to a Yamama to you know great he knows the gods of
Michebojo that's good I'm real happy for you and by the way I never got a respawn reply from
the real time jica with his code word on there or anything else defending his indefensible
behavior would sit the year this morning ripping the an ass the number of real friends you wind
up within any market in in in Florida you make your friends someplace else very often you have
a friend for life you make your friend in south Florida and you got a friend for about five minutes
you know I mean by that a friend for five minutes well two three minutes okay a minute a few
seconds yeah ten in my means is the fulps cases a perfect opportunity for Obama to push for the
legalization or decriminalization of possession and use of meridioenie and what's this with the media
identifying the bong as a marijuana pipe for the record I've not inhaled said Tim in Miami and for
the record Tim we don't care we don't want to seem indifferent but we just don't give a flying
fig well this is do you have any idea how much pressure this is every Friday yeah a lot I mean
you know a hundred and fifty bucks may not be the end of the world but the way things are now and
and who knows Kevin may be down and out on his luck he may be a schlepper or he may have more money
than God who knows you don't care just happy to happy to be able to help out a little bit no no
you know nothing from a Tommy jica what a backstabbing and of course that could have all been
fabricated to who knows we only got one of course when you got the size audience that said the
kid is God how many people would have heard it you know yep when you have no audience who's
going to hear what kind of crap you're spouting oh well we're going to get Neil into a big fight
on the air yeah sure you are who cares about a show that has no audience you that that's my
it'll be like somebody getting into a big battle with our nine to ten hour oh point oh what's the
point one ethnic style of food is the best eight hundred sixty two votes we did leave off Polish
somebody pointed that out but they were being tried to be cute you want to put Polish on there
if you want like polar sausage or do we want to switch the pole do that
which of these would a real man never do order a daquery where
crocs use body wash eat keesh roller blade white soap operas drive up Prius where flip flops
take dance lessons cry at a movie pay for sex or cosmetic surgery
i don't know i'll just vote for order a daquery banana daquery how do you say a banana daquery remember that
sure fraydo and look at the crocs banana daquery i'm uh
bye bye bye
