Precise men are 560 WQAM presents the Neil Roger Show to talk to Neil, dial 5 670 560 in
Dade and Broward. In other counties there's a call at home 3 877 75 Neil or pound 5 680
and 182 and Verizon wireless phone. The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his
colleagues do not represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors. Now the
Neil Roger Show on 560 WQAM. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
I watch the tape and it's flu talk all the time for stupid rumors you can go online
just watch your hands real like some you'll be fine. Don't want to whine but I'm sick of swine.
Oh this is just what the cable net works do. Try throwing a pandemic panic into you.
Well after all we're only talking about the flu they fill their time I'm sick of swine.
We just went through this with the bird flu. I thought we'd all be getting mad
out to what's the next crisis they'll subject us to just give them time. I'm sick of swine. Just give them time.
I'm sick of swine. 10 o'clock at 560 WQAM happy Thursday to you both. Your feels like Friday.
I'll tell you that. Does it feel like Friday to you too? No not really. Oh let's
because you had a work tomorrow. Yes. Now let me ask you something. Uh huh. The good news and bad news.
The good news is you tell me that our studio definitely be ready on Monday. Yes looking good. The bad
news is that when George was describing to me this new studio. It's not designed like in the
old building and like in most buildings where there are like two little rooms facing each other
with a big glass pane in between. Correct. So you and Cortis are when you're doing the show we're
all Zach going to work. I don't know I guess we'll find out. Remember the old saying familiarity
breeds contempt. Just keep that in mind. You took my kid pretty tight and never know. I got I've got
something that ties in with the pool we did yesterday. I have the most addictive. The most obnoxiously
good product ever invented and I hope I don't get anybody hooked on it. First of all here's the
poll result from yesterday. 609 votes. What's your recreational drug of choice? Alcohol 288.
marijuana 153. None 93. Other prescription designer, etc. 26. Co-cane 13. Crystal Mets 7. Heroin 7.
X to C7 sniffing glue five. Acid for huffing gas 3 and hash 3. Hash must have been late edition.
Yeah. What about hash browns? No I'm not going to hash brown. So I'll tell you what my addiction is.
And so they've been out of short time. Hershey's almonds and toffee. Ooh.
The most addictive candy bar and probably the best ever. Oh my god these things you cute candy to
only two. How to try it? Hershey's almonds and toffee. This is the most
obscenely delicious thing. It's got almonds in it of course and it's got chunks of toffee.
Oh god. If you like sweet, if you like something that tastes good and it'll you can't stop eating them.
Every day I go to a little no speaking English store and I pick up a couple of these.
Their heaven days when I've actually bought three. I know. Crazy person you're crazy yourself.
Yeah. Slow suicide. Hershey's almonds and toffee. I swear to you. You can't eat only a dozen.
By the way, we need to add to our poll. Several people have said the in and out burger. Oh yeah.
Are you familiar with them? I've never eaten there. They're big in California. They're big on the
west coast. They're big in Vegas. I don't know if they're big in Vegas, but they do exist in Vegas. I've
seen one. Is it Sahara? I don't know what street that is that runs across the strip from the MGM
grand. Well, whatever that street is, there's an in and out burger there. And I've you know,
I've seen it because when I go to Vegas, I always run a car and I've driven right by it and I've
heard so many people rave about it. Oh, it's demands burgers in the world, et cetera. So we got to
add that in and out burger. I've had the several emails about this. This is right up your alley
because you and Twitter are good buddies. I'm surprised you haven't gotten in on this. The
Ricky Tiki Sanchez Twitter. Oh, no. The fake Tom jikus says Rick Sanchez was Twitter about you
last night. And it's got this back and forth conversation that went on on Twitter. Are you off of
that already? I hope. Yeah, pretty much. It sucks. Good. It's like being in another silies
chat room with silly people. Rick Sanchez, it's CNN says, what's how flowed a TV like his Neil
Rogers still on radio? Rick Sanchez says, Miss Neil Rogers, there's nothing like him anywhere in
the country in so many ways. Stem 08 says, man, Rick used to rip you on mercifully,
use squatting over a rack, some of the funniest of ever and stick it up your ass.
Rick says he was doing his job. Sat Aaron Perity. Personally, he was always nice to me.
Radio was his gig and I was a bit. Yeah, personally, we got a long fine. Not that we used to hang out
or anything like that, but you know, he'd come over to the station once in a while. Hang out.
Mr. Radio 610 says, Missed the W.I.O.D. days, neighbors in North Bay Village. Remember Scott
Chafon, Micronary Henry Barrow? Rick Sanchez says, yeah, Shuckers, Jillian Barbery, Kelly Mitchell,
Jessica Aguirre and grilled chicken wings. Shuckers? I never ate there. There was a Benny Ha Ha right
up the street from the old I.O.D. Jeff says, Neil Rogers is the most talented talk show host I've
ever heard. It's amazing. He didn't go national 15 years ago. The real Phil Henry says,
what a karma day. Talk to you about Neil Rogers and look who's giving me Schmitt.
And Rick Sanchez says, I wonder why not. Maybe media companies won't syndicate lefties. I hear that
complaint a lot or maybe he's got a crappy agent. What, what are you laughing about? Oh, nothing.
The truth really hits home right close to the bone, doesn't it? My phone might ring sometime
during the show today. And if it does, I'm taking it. Okay. We got Dave Johnson at 11 o'clock
with a Belmont preview. The fillies not running. Rachel Alexander, they want to give her a rest.
Oh, I get so so worn out on that stuff. Oh, she deserves a rest. Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, I
I rest this so fragile. Yeah, that's thoroughbreds for you.
Standard brands, they go out and they warm up three miles before the actual race. Every race,
they warm up three miles. Can you imagine a third bread going out and warming up three miles
maybe before the race? They'd have to, oh, they'd have to scrape it up off the track with a
pal in a shovel. I really don't know who I like. I don't want to pick mine at bird. All I think
you'll probably win. I don't want to pick them. I'll make up my mind. I'll see what Dave picks
and then I'll pick something else just to be contrary. You know me. Hershey's almonds and
toffee candy bar. Let me tell you if you can eat only a dozen of those, you're really,
you've really got great self control. I will kill myself with those. I'm sure of it.
They send your blood sugar skyrocketing zooming up there.
They you know me and candy chocolate ice cream stuff like that. Got a sweet tooth. In fact,
going way back 35 years when I'm stressed, you know, I don't know, you don't probably don't do
stress eating because you're not fat. No. You do stress eating. You get stressed. You eat. Yeah,
you know, the comfort food stuff like mac and cheese and stuff like that. Well, for me, it's always
been some form of pasta and ice cream always. Like when I worked at JNO West Palm in 1975,
if I was under stress for whatever reason, I'd go to my neighborhood convenience store. There was one
kitty corner where I lived and I would get a can of chef boy already something, anything.
spaghetti and meatballs or anything and a pint of ice cream. Take it home. I'd take some Swiss
cheese and melt it in the microwave. I'd nuked the pasta in a bowl, put some Swiss cheese on it
so it gets all, you know, you stir it in all together. It's all goopy and oh and cheesy.
And then afterward top it off with a pint of really good ice cream.
Pasta and ice cream. And now Hershey's almonds and toffee candy bars.
Something wrong with you, man. You're disgusting. You're a fat slab. Yeah, that's true. I've
been a fat slab. All the back in those days, I was down to 170 pounds. Now I'm packing about 194.
But back in those days, that was after I did the protein sparing fast. Do you remember that
fat? People were dying from it. Oh yeah. I'm trying to think of who made that popular. It was back
in the early days of Atkinson, back during at a doctor's stillman, stillman water diet. I did that
for a while. And then I did that protein sparing fast where you don't eat any solid food. You just
had that liquid protein. You mix with water. I always carried around a big jug. When I came into
work at the radio station, I had a big jug of pink crap. They were have a pink crap. No, not
like that. And says just wanted to drop a quick notice. I poured my flight back to the states.
Oh, and they're still investigating that damn plane that disappeared and crashed. First,
they were starting the rumors. Oh, Al Qaeda blew it up. And now they say, no, that's pretty unlikely.
They don't know. Makes you kind of wonder though if you're going to be flying anytime soon,
yeah, I'm nervous about flying right now. Why? I just did it. You know, I look at other companies
and how things are starting to slack because it layoffs and you know, firing the people that make
a lot of money and replacing them with people not as qualified. And I imagine it happens in that
industry as well. Yeah, but you see the highly qualified people when you go to the airport,
like the homemade security people that are screaming as you go through and they're talking to
each other. Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
수, dally with 26 locations in the West Mid West, Mid Atlantic and South, somebody dug that up. Jason's Dally. Do you ever hear of it? No I haven't. Probably nobody else to be there, but you can put it on there if you wish it's up to you, you know, we do hurry and formal on these polls.
They sure talk a lot about that NBA stuff on Joe show. Oh my God.
Kobe and the little LeBron and LeBron and Kobe and Jimmy and Danny. Oh
See, I don't care about basketball anymore. I used to like college basketball. In fact, I broadcast it and
Albee and Michigan. Okay. I just found out there's a sonic and boi and beach. Wow. Yep, that is heavy duty
Well, you know GM's in trouble and there's something they must do
They close their excitement division get the sad fact but it's true
Well, maybe you know which lead it can be
There ain't no secret about that. I never thought those cars were crummy
And some were really good on gas but since GM is losing money
Quarterly sales were fired. They stopped making those cool ponni X cars never ceased no more transams
Cruising down the street. There's no way to get a brand new D5
GM needs the money just to keep themselves alive
Car company was just a monkey on their back now no more ponni
Yeah, that money
Goodbye, goodbye ponni. Yeah, it's a 10 19 this is enough to make me yak. Guess who's dead? I don't know
Well, I'm getting off those obituaries, but I will say this this one might be of interest to some people David Keradine is dead
Oh, wow really? Yeah, wow
Wow, Peacow kick yeah, he's dead
Let me get the historic here how off the press actor David Keradine started the 70s TV series Kung Fu
Who also had a wide-ranging career in the movie has been found dead in the Thai capital Bangkok
A spokesman for the US Embassy confirmed the death of the 72 year old actor
He says Keradine died either late Wednesday or early Thursday couldn't provide further details out of consideration for his family whatever that means
Isn't that always make it sound suspicious when they say that yeah
The website of the newspaper the nation said it unidentified police sources are saying
Keradine was found Thursday hanged in his luxury hotel room is believed to have committed suicide
He was a leading member of a venerable Hollywood acting family included his father character actor John Keradine and his brother Keith
Remember John Keradine used to be in those horror movies very not not good, but he used to be in a lot of them horror movies
Yeah, I don't remember the dad you don't remember John Keradine. No, I'll be damned
Well, what a young punk and his brother Keith
So David Keradine is then he did the old news deal evidently from what it says
Why do people do it that way? I mean, you know if you're gonna commit suicide
There's so many options, but hanging yourself. Are they sure it wasn't like when I did his Michael Hutchinson's kind of hanging?
I don't know the erotic station or whatever. I don't know
The
The thousand down twenty six points and there is what's your name?
Soledad. Hey, Soledad. Oh
My god, are you kidding me?
We should have known that the world was coming to an end when they put Soledad O'Brien on CNN and expected people to take her seriously
Can you take her seriously? She's a silly bubble head?
I mean she's cutesy and all of that, but she's like a bubble head
Soledad O'Brien investigates the end of the world. Yeah, I mean, I don't know. I just can't
Can't take her to serial
Lisa says what about Harvey's I love that I thought Harvey's was a Canadian thing
We got it here. I never ate there, but we got Harvey's hamburgers. Give her here Harvey's no, but I can add it to the list
Put it on
Hey, you'll have to keep your eye on the phone it gets to be around 11 o'clock because they will be calling right on time
Because you'll have to punch it up obviously just like yesterday that was I don't know
I don't like that. It was really awkward. Yeah, I didn't like it either
But Monday was supposed to be in our new studio the phone the dots are supposedly going to be working and supposedly this and supposedly that
Oh, yeah
Everything with this company is supposedly
Someday we'll get around to it because the last couple of days, but it's been a lot of stuff. I don't know
A lot of stuff going on and we have little or no control over it like that day when Corsa was in there and right under his nose
You know everything was falling apart, but hey listen. We're just this is just a temporary situation
Where's this broad it was taken a shot at me?
I'll find it giving me giving me a
Shot about my taste. Oh here it is pan
Pam your taste is in your tocks funny
Says try looking at a few YouTube videos Roger Federer is one of the best-looking men in sports
Oh my god
He sure beats Andy Roddick the choke artist used to be in love with no taste neil says Pam Andy Roddick is a cute kid
Roger Federer looks like a there are elephantine ball movements that look better than Roger Federer
That's how ugly he is he's gross Pam maybe Pam's thing is gross
Do you know any chicks like that they're into real I'm sure you do yeah, sir the uglier the guy the more they like him
Oh my god, maybe she and George and Willow
Joe Rose he's also got a fag crush on Roger Federer and
Now that we don't have LeBron to kick around anymore. It's um
Kobe Kobe this and Kobe that and Kobe Kobe Kobe Kobe
I'm surprised they're not eating Kobe beef in a studio there during that show
There's so NBA intensive my god. I know that's that's what's going on now
We also have to stand to cut finals going on and the red wings
You know look like they were gonna like crews right on in but the penguins made a series of it with that win the other night
So it's Detroit two and Pittsburgh one. Yeah, but they cheated
What do you mean didn't they have six guys on the ice for a few and didn't get called it didn't get called it all on that the penguins did
Yeah, they did was good for that more power to them when you play the red wings you need six or seven guys on the ice yeah, that's true
Sonic in Lake Park on Congress seven inches north of north of North like Boulevard excellent shakes
It says says Brian. Thanks Brian
So there's a Sonic in Lake Park
That's a I bet you people are gonna be converging on that thing because nobody knows about it
So I'll kept secret I believe at least it was for me. I never rated Sonic
No, I mean either
You haven't well, there's a little road trip for you
Stick the wife in the car and this weekend zip on up to a
Wherever that is make a little Sonic run. Yeah, Sonic run. What's wrong?
Now why are you laughing when you say that?
You never did that you never went to a fast food joint in some you know like somewhere
Sure
Just to check it out
Michael says I
Watched the wrestler last night. It's truly an excellent movie Mickey Rourke is a frightening looking individual
That's correct. But it has a great job in the role very powerful and entertaining movie. I'll take your word for it
Also, it's not three hours long like every terrible movie nowadays. Please don't write it off without seeing it
Also flee Marissa Tome has some great scenes. She couldn't be any hotter. Yeah, she looks good in that movie
Marissa well, I'll take your word for that too because I really don't care being the old faggot that I am I don't care
She's got a lot of new scenes in that it's crazy. I'll tell you who doesn't look good. That's Roger Federer Pam
Roger Federer seriously. I've had wild diarrhea that looked better than Roger Federer
He is but ugly and that's not a debatable point
There's some people you could you know argue are this one that one but not in his case
He is just an ugly guy not that that makes any difference when you're playing tennis
And maybe Andy Roddick is slipping in his old age or whatever. I think Andy Roddick is just fine
Did he get married to some hot chick Andy Roddick? I don't know
He's doing okay. I'm sure that I'm sure he's hanging out of the old in-out burger
J says the last on it closed and Broward it was on Davy wrote extension and your producer is full of it you're full of it flee
That's what J says you didn't say anything about the Davy wrote extension. I said there is one in what
Pompano or something like that I said no he said in
Pointing Beach Palm Beach County and whatever you said Pointing Beach is one I'd never said that there was one in no so calm down Jay just quick pick it on
poor flea
Carries as we have a son of Karen Lake Worth Miss George, but flea is cool says Carrie
Yeah, so far you've won over I won't we'll take a poll on it in a couple of weeks
There's a couple weeks. I'll be on vacation. Oh my god. Can you believe that? I?
Got today and then you're working tomorrow and I got next week and then after that I'm on vacation for a week and want to come back
We're in the summer schedule
Ask me how many extra days I'm working during the summertime. Oh, wow
Yeah, Andy Roddick is now married. He dated Mandy Moore for a little while and he dated some right now
He's dating some model really
I'm sure he's getting all he can handle you know what I mean? Oh, I'm sorry
They got married April 17th
I knew it. Yep. Sorry
Well, what just happened to change that I finished reading the article. Oh, I see
This is such old news the fake Tom jicke if you heard about Alice Rantell heard K. We see let him go
Yeah, we had that on about like months ago months ago
Good God
Where's the real time jicke when we need him the fake time jicke is so lame
Neil Rogers
Freaking radio
Disgusting program. Oh, we're fine. Everyone to complain to this station
Absolutely
Talking on a sports show
Trying to be my show
Your voice sounds just like a
Seven year old girl a little sports whole show
What else are you there for?
Talking like a baby
Who needs a little training
Why can't you understand you don't sound like a man
We book the rubber fast that choke yours
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
Oh, Caldys.
When you're gonna grow up.
You make us wanna throw up.
You feely, squeaky, boo.
Go to broadcasting school.
You're free to get sent away.
Thank you.
Soundtroubles.
You're up, up.
You're up, up.
You're up, up.
You're up, up.
That was up six points, boy.
Big, big simous.
Good news is that the alunia is going down.
Good.
Go down to about 50 Cent.
That would make me very happy.
The fake Doug says,
Jack in the box caught an 80 serving Kangaroo burgers.
I don't remember that.
I remember that you eat coal-eyed burger.
So what's wrong with a Kangaroo burger?
I don't know.
Who cares?
Kangaroo.
I don't know what Kangaroo tastes like.
I don't think I want to find out.
I'm not one of those people amongst eat like exotic animals.
I've had ostrich if it's pretty good.
Oh, geez.
Or like those buffalo meat burgers.
What do they call those?
Buffalo burgers?
Yeah, that's what they call them.
I don't think I ever had one.
I just don't want it.
I don't know.
Anyway, Doug says,
unfortunately I'm going to Tampa this weekend.
Is there anyone you want me to bump off?
No, I don't know nobody in Tampa.
Is there any place a restaurant I should see?
Or should I avoid leaving the hotel room?
I would definitely if you're going to Tampa for the weekend
and you're going to have one meal and you want it to be a really great one
and a memorable one.
Go to Bernstakehouse.
Yep.
See, even flea agrees with that.
Now, when you were working over there,
how could you afford to be eating at Bernstakehouse?
Boy, it's an expensive joint.
Well, I would go with the record reps when they took us out the dinner.
I see.
Good thinking.
Bern lacks it.
Boy, he's dead now.
Man.
What a good stroke of luck that he's dead.
Oh, Mr. Rogers, I can't tell you how many people from Miami
when they come here, they tell me they heard Neil Rogers
raving about my restaurant.
I just want to thank you so much.
And of course, I don't believe in trying to repay one kindness
with another one.
In other words, pay for the meal.
What a cheap, you know,
and that comes across being so cheap.
You know, he was giving me the guided tour of the whole restaurant
and the kitchen and the hotel.
And bragging about the fact that he's a cheap bastard
or at least he was anyway, now he's dead.
But his restaurant's great.
Bernstakehouse on Howard Street in Tampa.
And also, if you love Italian Donatello's on Dale Mabry,
I just love Donatello's.
I mean, it's a real, real fancy, shmancy Italian restaurant.
Not just a place with spaghetti and meatballs, you know.
People, a lot of dumb people think that that's an Italian restaurant.
You know, spaghetti and meatballs and maybe some pizza.
And that's it.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
And Italy, they don't have spaghetti and meatballs.
They don't eat that.
There's no such thing.
There is no such thing as spaghetti and meatballs.
So don't be like one of those dumb American tourists
when you go to Rome.
Oh, let me have some of my spaghetti and meatballs.
I have the rigatoni with the meatballs.
They do have meatballs, but separate, you know, big meatballs.
They have big balls in Rome.
Trust me.
Oh, Michael says, don't make the trip to Sonic
without wearing adult diapers.
The food is soggy with grease and will cause an instantaneous B.M.
Oh, I should only need that.
Oh, prepare to have a wet joist that'll feel like...
...feel like joisting out a jalapeno plant.
There used to be one in Cutler Ridge.
Wow.
Saga and greasy.
That's okay.
Is it?
Sometimes you need soggy and greasy.
Now, sometimes soggy and greasy and all that bad.
I'm trying to think of a burger place that's soggy and greasy and I like.
I don't know.
Saga and greasy and all that bad.
I'm just going to take this and take it for a minute, please.
Okay.
What do I do when he...
When he tells me to take it for a minute, I'm not sure exactly what I'm supposed to do.
So I guess I'll ramble on until Neil comes back.
I've never actually eaten at a Sonic burger, but I know they have the best commercials on TV, for sure.
Bring it strong to the mouth, which is, I think, what they did during the basketball games.
The guy was eating some tater tots and he swatzed away.
I don't know how long I can actually decide to talk about fast food without Neil.
Hardies, I think, should actually win the poll.
It's not going to, but it should.
White castle is going to win, but as a Tampa-Boney-in, I guess you would say,
we used to eat at Hardies all the time.
Hardies had the best fried chicken, even better than the fried chicken places I thought.
Although Popeyes is pretty good, despite the fried chicken at Popeyes,
and the extra crunchy at KFC, I don't know why I'm on a fried chicken kick right now, but I am.
So I guess tomorrow I'm going to be filling in.
Neil's going to take the day off.
You guys will get a little sample of what the summer schedule is going to be like.
Me and Quarters will be doing it.
It's going to be weird though, because we're in this makeshift studio.
So I don't know how it's actually going to work.
And I've never actually done a whole show with Quarters, so we'll see how that goes.
I don't know what to tell you guys to expect.
A little bit of this, a little bit of that.
It won't be Neil's show.
It won't be Georgia's show.
I'm going to be playing my own style, which is, I don't know if you want to call it a style.
But we'll talk about things that I like to talk about.
You guys will chime in.
I will definitely have the open phones tomorrow.
We'll do open phones Friday.
Can I steal that from Paul and Ron?
Who?
I'm sure stole it from someone else.
I got some good intermission music though for Neil too.
Let me see if you guys like this.
Sounds pretty good.
Wow, good news.
Oh yeah, what's that?
Oh, I can't tell you.
Oh.
Personal.
No, it's something I've been trying to get information on for like two days, you know.
And I haven't been able and finally I just got it.
Oh, brother.
Holy moly, rat man.
Now what were you just doing?
What did I interrupt?
I think Johnson and 11.
Yeah, nothing important.
What do you mean by that?
I was just talking about Hardies because it was living in Tampa.
I used to eat at Hardies all the time and they had deep and low fried chicken.
The two things on their menu that were just awesome with the fried chicken and the mushroom Swiss burger.
And the mushroom Swiss burger is the best burger in the world.
As soon as this pull went up, I voted for Hardies.
And I've never been to a red robin.
How about rockin robin?
No.
Ponderosa though, yeah.
Nothing like a good cheap steak.
No, food.
Oh, there used to be so many of those joints.
You know, there was beef steak, Charlie's and Ponderosa steakhouse where it's stand online, etc.
Oh, hold on.
I got this guy back again.
Hold on.
What about Sizzler?
I like Sizzler a lot.
I just have a bunch of those in Tampa.
But this is my new Neil intermission music for whenever he takes a little break.
I think it sounds very Neil.
Okay, that was quick and painless.
Okay.
Sorry to be doing this, but I got a thing going on, you know, procedure tomorrow.
Did I have a medical procedure?
And I'm going to be joicing here during this break.
Oh, wow.
Maybe a little bit too much information you think could be.
Hey, do they have a Sizzlers down here?
Sizzler.
We used to have Sizzler back in the day.
He haven't seen one in a while.
610 votes on the poll.
610.
Oh, boy, that's an evil number.
The thousand up 10 points.
What we do?
Jobless claims drop.
Continuing claims fall for the first time in 20 weeks.
Oh, happy days are here again.
You'll see two chickens in every pot and one car in your ass.
A garage.
610 votes.
What restaurant chain do you think would should open?
Do you wish would open a location in South Dakota?
I'll get it out.
White castle 200.
Sonic 119.
Take your undies.
Take your adult diapers.
You depends.
Jack in a box 67, hearty 67, red robin 41.
What is red robin?
I'll look it up.
I don't know.
I've never been to one.
I'll look it up.
Ponderosa steakhouse 40, Perkins restaurant 30,
in an out burger 25, where a ride just 20,
and a Harvey's got one.
I think it's Canadian, eh?
Oh, no, good.
But...
The red socks have an hood for you.
Now you're wearing dark shoes.
You're fraring.
You say the drugs you've owned were from a doctor.
Your agent likes to say it's just anything, anything.
Oh, Sandy, baby Boston knew that you were a baby.
You were using.
So they trained it you way, oh, Maddie.
Without you, the dodgers will start losing.
Cause you're cheating the game, oh, Maddie.
Yeah, you stupid, excuse.
No one's buying.
Now you're out 50 games, oh, Maddie.
No matter what you say, you are lying.
And now you're out too.
By the way, the fake time jikers should only look
with Walter Sabre, no, be a match made in hell.
It's a 1046, 14 before 11 at 560 WQM, Dave Johnson.
I'll be calling it 11.
Keep your eye on that bat line.
All right.
Oh, red robin, by the way.
Gourmet burgers.
Uh, closest one is Fort Myers.
And it looks really good.
They have a, uh, Sicilian burger.
It looks really good.
I'm looking at the menu and they have like pictures of the, uh, the food.
Check out the Sicilian burger.
It has pepperoni slices on it, provolone cheese.
And a balsamic marinated tomatoes.
Then they put red onions, romaine lettuce.
Balsamic.
Yeah, balsamic.
And then a olive herb mayonnaise.
And it served on a, uh, herb encrusted for cotta bun.
Wow.
Pretty fancy, schmancey, if you ask me.
Yeah, nine bucks for that burger.
Wait a year this though.
Adam Oshmock sent me, uh, thing about dangerous dans diner.
714 Queen Street East had brought you.
This is Toronto.
They do a 24 ounce burger, the coronary burger is special.
Two eight ounce patties, four slices of bacon, two slices of cheddar
and a fried egg on top.
Wow.
And the quadruple seed, the colossal colon clogger combo.
24 ounce burger served with a quarter pound of cheese, quarter pound of bacon
and two fried eggs.
It comes with a large shake, flavor of your choice and a small, what the hell is that?
POU TIN E.
A small poutine?
Poutine?
What what is a poutine?
What?
A poutine burger?
Poutine.
Oh.
What what is a small poutine?
What is a big poutine?
I don't know, I have no idea what that is.
How do you spell it again?
POU TIN E.
Google it.
Please.
That was a 15 point, big poutine.
Okay, it's a Quebec thing, actually.
It says it's a disconsisting of French fries topped with fresh cheese curds.
Cheese curds covered with brown gravy.
Oh, sounds like duty.
There's a picture of it, yeah, it looks like a choice.
Does it really?
It looks great.
It's from Quebec, you know.
You know the frogs with a smoked meat sandwich.
Oh, brother.
Wes in Lakeland says, Sonic is a great concept with terrible execution.
It's 95% car hop, but the car slots are awkward at best.
Great idea.
The food has a musty taste to it like it was stirred under the bathroom sink.
Keep it out of South Florida.
How do you like that?
It has a musty taste like it was stirred under the bathroom sink.
That doesn't sound really appetizing to me.
I could be wrong, but.
We say that a friendlies here, great greasy food, even greater ice cream.
The most genteel form of suicide, no to a mammal.
Burn was a miser, wasn't he?
Yes, he was, Wes.
He was a real miser.
I don't believe in trying to repay one kindness with another, so I know.
I'm not going to offer you a free meal.
What a chinsy thing to say.
You know, I mean, why even bring it up?
Why mention it?
Don't you find that to be chinsy and cheesy after all the money I made him?
Oh, yeah.
Everybody from South Florida, this is back in the WS news days.
Everybody who went over there would go to Burns and they say,
oh, we heard about you on the Near Rogers show, you know, on WNWS.
Preversed last night on the way back from seeing no doubt in West Palm,
I stopped at the Sonnican Vointin Beach and my daughter's request.
It's a drive in from the 60s where they bring the food you on roller skates.
The burger was good, the onion rings sucked, and the hot-fudge Sunday was great.
Boy, I love a hot-fudge Sunday.
On chocolate ice cream, please, not up in the lot.
The place was packed at midnight.
I think I saw George serving foods, his Trevor.
I doubt it.
How's George doing, by the way?
I don't know.
We don't hear.
I might see him today, then.
Really?
Got some kind of a transaction going on?
I got a major transaction going on tomorrow, and that's why I got all that information about there.
Boy, thank God.
Do you ever buy a house?
Yes.
Now, the closing thing, they make it hairy on purpose, I think.
Oh, you probably got a mortgage, though, right?
Yeah.
When you're paying cash, why should there be any, like, you know, grief?
Here's a big, here's a certified check.
Where do I sign?
And that's it.
Should be easy.
Your thing.
But they don't do that way.
It's always, oh, gee, we don't have the final adjusted number yet.
Yeah, well, I got it.
Scott and Pinellas Park says there were two in and out burgers in Broward the mid-90s,
one on State Road 7 in Lauderdale, Lauderdale, Lakeston, one on Cokin and Creek, Parkway and Cokin and Creek, and they're gone.
Probably too good for South Florida.
Stuff that comes along, it's too good.
It never lasts in South Florida.
And even though I've never eaten there, everybody I know raves about the in and out burger.
Have you heard good things about it?
I have, yeah.
About the old in and out.
That's what I'm hearing.
It was good.
I actually tried it about 10 years ago in California.
Really?
Yeah, it was good.
Office space, Percy and Mamie Lake says,
have you seen this movie and not only have I not seen it, I've never heard of it.
If you have it, I highly recommend it.
It's a comedy on what I like.
And what it's like to work in corporate America today.
It's so realistic.
It's almost like a documentary.
It's pretty funny.
Office space.
I'm sure you could relate to it.
It makes one of these two pinity and competence and arrogance of management.
You know a movie that's very funny, and I don't know the name of it.
And we saw it again yesterday.
It's about these people at work at Fort Knox, cleaning crew.
And they come up with this scam.
And they work in the area where they like all the expired money.
They burn it and get rid of it.
They destroy it.
Is that what Queen Latifa?
Yeah.
Mad money, I think it's called.
Is that what the name of it is?
It's a cute movie.
It's funny.
And then in the end of the movie, well, I'm not going to spoil it for that would be bad.
That would be wrong.
It's it's good.
Leo says Buffalo burgers are usually called bison burgers.
I'll be dead.
Remember the old Buffalo bison's?
Yeah, because a bison is a buffalo, right?
Same thing.
It's a male buffalo, maybe.
You're asking me like I know about buffaloes?
Out of my area of expertise.
Let me ask you one thing.
What is a buffalo fill?
Yeah, that's a good question.
Buffalo bison, we know.
Yeah, the baseball team, the minor league baseball team used to be the Buffalo bisons.
They played the Red Wings.
I remember Luke Easter, he used to hit those long, long home runs.
First, he played for the Red Wings and then he played for Buffalo.
He had one of the longest home runs I've ever seen in my life.
Luke Easter, do you remember him?
No, not really.
Big, dark, complex guy.
Anyway, Leo says I'm sure you guys have heard of it and it's very good considering the prices for food.
Oh, wait a minute.
A new burger chain opened in South Florida called Five Guys, Burgers and Fries.
Oh, please, we're not going there again, are we?
Oh, we had so much about that.
I'm trying to think what happened.
George was supposed to do a soul work and go try.
Did you ever eat there?
No.
Five guys, burgers and fries.
I'm so sorry Leo that you brought that up because not have like 5,000 emails about it.
Have you ever tried a what a burger?
No, I've heard it.
Yeah, they haven't in Tallahassee.
They don't have them down here but they're good.
What a burger.
What a burger.
Well, somebody also mentioned Jim mentioned Carl's Jr.
There's another West Coast place for you.
I've eaten at Carl's Jr. in Vegas at the drive-through and I survived and I'm still alive.
I think there were another one that also had a little E. Coli problem.
I could be wrong about that.
So if I'm wrong, I stand corrected immediately if not sooner.
Scott and Pinellas Parks is I hopefully never ate at the Hardies in St. Pete.
I'm 34th Street and 38th Avenue, the worst place in existence.
How can Hardies be bad?
No red robin here.
Nurse one is in Orlando and the Panderoza on 9th Street in St. Pete just closed.
Oh boy.
Nothing like fast food steaks like you said.
Oh, what a horrendous concept.
See, I'm not a big one.
What was the Geriatric buffet that closed long time ago?
Picadilly?
No, not Picadilly before that.
I don't know.
And Tampa, we had Morrison's Cafe.
More, that's the one I'm talking about.
Morrison's.
See, I'm not big on cafeteria style eating.
You know, you get the train, you go through the line.
Oh, this all is very steak.
Actually, Morrison, some of the food wasn't all that bad.
It wasn't that the food was bad.
It was the clientele was bad.
They were all deaf plus 10.
Yeah, I used to go up my grandfather.
The worst one of those places of all was Duff's.
Duff's.
Pines Boulevard and something.
Pines and Hollywood Boulevard.
Pines is Hollywood Boulevard.
I know.
Well, I can't go wrong on that.
Nope.
And anyway, it's out there.
It's out there in the pepper flakes.
At least it was.
It's not in existence anymore.
Duff's.
Everything tasted the same.
Everything.
The pasta, the tapioca pudding.
Everything tasted mushy and indesertible what it was.
And I'm positive they used to have like a glass, a fizzy glass with
parliament at every table waiting for you to bring your own teeth.
Calvin Borrell could not have eaten there.
I better do the break because Dave Johnson is going to be calling any time soon.
This is the Neal Roger show.
Go, go, go, go.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Okay, it's 11 o'clock on my clock.
Is Dave with us or what?
Nope.
Nope.
Oh, keep your eye on that bat line.
He'll be calling any second.
When the little hand hits the big hand.
I'm watching it.
He is as prompt as they come.
You have to bell my own Saturday.
It's sad.
I don't know.
It's kind of a letdown.
By the way, Duff was on palm-appen when pines boulevard.
Is that what I said?
Palm and pines?
That's what I was thinking.
I think Dave's on.
Well, there you go.
Let me see if I can get him out.
See what I said?
You could set your sundial by Dave Johnson.
I said that last time we talked to him so I better get some new material.
How are you doing, Dave?
I'm fine.
How are you, Neal?
Well, it's just one of those things.
This racing business of yours?
A mine.
Of yours?
Now, I was thinking this last night to show you what a busy and full life I've got.
I was thinking if there's anybody in the world that ought to buy Calvin Barrel some teeth that's Dave Johnson.
You've got a couple bucks stashed away from all those years.
Come on.
You can do it.
He looks like he's leisure from the movie, doesn't he?
Yeah, only Calvin's still alive.
I guess that's the major distinction.
Ouch.
Yeah, he should be able to buy some teeth, though.
The thing with the affiliate really bugs me because we keep looking for greatness every year.
The third-bred racing is desperate for a great horse that the public can relate to.
Remember, I'm sure you do.
A secretariat was on a cover-a-time magazine in the whole country.
Even people who are nearly were not interested in racing got all whipped up about secretariat.
It takes a really special either horse or match-up to get them interested.
Right.
A firm denaledar.
Easy gore in Sunday's silence.
And any time a filly runs against the boys and they both have their credentials.
That sets up a great match.
And I don't know about you, but I think they could have gone around another time and she still would have beat Mindet Bird.
I could be wrong, but I think they could still be running and she'd still win.
Nail, I didn't think Mindet Bird would be in the first five or maybe even ten.
I was in a pool and I put him, you know, I didn't even count him to be one of the first ten in the pre课.
No, I said.
It's Mr. I thought he was a fluke in the Derby.
Yeah, it was a peculiar race.
I still don't think that he'll win the Belmont, though.
I'm going to pick against him, too, because who wants chalk, you know?
Yeah.
So many guys just choking on chalk for years and years and years.
Chalk eating weasels.
There is a good one for you.
Chalk eating weasels.
Chalk eating weasels, that's what they are.
But the horse will be way over bad people, be buying tickets to, you know, to save as a souvenir and they won't be any good, because I don't think he'll win.
I think I had a ticket on bread hand over it, Hazel Park years and years ago, a $2 win ticket for a souvenir.
I don't have it anymore.
I have a ticket on Secretary.
Do you?
Yeah, I do.
Signed by Ron Terka.
Yeah, I'll be damned.
Yeah, I'll leave that to you.
I'll put that in my will.
I was going to give it a second.
Believe me, I'm going long before you will.
I'll be in a box soon.
I'm up there.
I'm up there.
I'm older than you.
You are?
I'm 68.
How old are you?
66.
I'll be 67 in November.
There you go.
I'm catching up to you fast.
Let's hope we're around for next year's cripple ground.
There is something the audience can bet on.
Let's take up an office pool.
Who's going to cook for his day, Johnson and Neil Rogers?
Not a fairly good shape, though.
Yeah, me too, considering fat and diabetic and old, but nevertheless, I don't know.
I just, you know, like time X, I take a look in and keep on ticking.
But you know, another thing, we keep our brains working.
And they say that it was an article in the Times of people that played bridge.
I think people at Bethorse's are even more using their brain.
Oh, yeah.
Especially the ones that are reading that racing form.
Oh, brother.
Sure.
I think that's one of the great things about Thurbert Racing is you've got a half an hour between races
to sit there and change your mind 50 times.
Pull over that form, check the virus speed ratings and all the other stuff.
The workouts.
Well, what about the Belmont Saturday?
Well, I don't know.
I'm really bummed that the filly's not going to run.
And what's the real reason?
They're saying, well, she deserves a rest.
Come on, give me a break.
Do you think that they don't think they could win?
You know, I heard that after the pre-pregnist, she spent a lot of time lying down.
Would you really?
Yeah. Steve asked me since all that to a friend of mine.
And I think if it would have, if the horse would have been close to 100%
that the just jacks really loves the publicity.
And he's a player.
I think he's great for the game.
I really do.
I mean, he's centered into the pre-pregnist.
You know, you know, kind of a sportsman, as he is.
But anyway, I just didn't think that she was 100%.
Because Steve asked me since a good horseman, and he just wouldn't send her out if she wasn't ready to do a good race.
So that's what I think.
And I think she'll come back.
I hope she comes back against the boys in the Haskell at Monmouth Park.
That's a real possibility.
And what is that?
It's the first week, the weekend, the first Saturday, in August.
I think it's like August 2nd or something like that.
And my net bird could be there, too.
That'd be a hell of a matchup, wouldn't it?
No, no.
You know, all depending on what he does on Saturday.
On a real dirt track, you know, in the summer, mild track.
And mild, maybe mild, I think it's a mountain of quarter, mild and a nature mountain of quarter.
That'd be a good one.
And of course, wither without teeth, Calvin Barrell is set for really making history because he could win the triple crown.
I'm two different horses.
Never been done.
No.
But I don't think it'll happen.
I'm going to bet against him.
He's been on fire, by the way, at the where is he riding Churchill down?
So I goodness.
Five, six winners some days, yeah.
Yeah, just out of control.
Well, he's a very nice guy. He really is.
You always say that. You say that about everybody.
He really is a nice guy.
Yeah.
I don't say that about everybody. Howard Coussell was not a nice guy.
No, you hate it. Oh, no, you're the one that brought him up this time.
I've tried for two years. I haven't mentioned his name just out of, you know, out of difference to you.
But you know, you say I say that about everybody, but I don't.
He's not a nice guy.
Who else?
Who else don't you like in the racing business?
Not that Howard Coussell was an erasing guy.
There are a couple that I really just, I really, really dislike, but I wouldn't want to make,
if I mentioned their name, that would be giving him that a plus one.
Giving them ammunition, yeah.
What about Jockeys? Are there any Jockeys that you aren't all that fond of?
I bet a Jockey one time I made about, I think I've made a $200 bet on him.
And he fell off of his horse at the top of the scratch.
Rodrigo Madrigal, Jr.
And I heard that name.
And I, you know, even though I lost the money, when I left the track, I saw Dr. Chinichi.
This was at Mon with me, ran the emergency room.
And I said, Doc, how, how did the Jockey to fell off at the top of the stretch of Rodrigo?
So he says, oh, he said he, he took Lasix because he was overweight.
And, and by the time he got to the, to the gigate, he didn't have any strength to turn the horse.
He couldn't turn.
Wow.
So, okay, that's one that I'm not real fond of.
You know, I've never seen that in the program before where there's a little L next to the Jockeys name.
I see it, usually next to the horse's name for Lasix, but next to the Jockeys name, that's unusual.
That's how he was able to get his weight down, was to eliminate the water fluid from his inner body.
And that is not good, because it took the electrolytes out, too.
I don't take it.
Well, here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
So we got a field of ten, are they all running, all these ten?
As of right now, it's a little overcast here in New York,
but it's supposed to be nicer for the weekend.
So it looks like a fast track and those ten will go.
I'm going with charitable man myself.
Oh, so am I.
Oh boy.
Well, that's, this will be good.
We'll both get on this horse.
Who's your exact, who's your second horse?
Chocolate candy, I'm going with my net board third.
I'm going with done Kirk's second.
So that's, at least we've got a horse for horse.
But yeah, I think this charitable man is the horse to beat.
Good, Jackie, good trainer, winner over the track.
You know, Eddie Maple told me one time, an interesting story.
He said, it's good to ride a horse at Belmont,
who's already had a race over the track.
And he said, they're not real smart animals,
but he said, the first time you race them,
then they realize that the finish line, when you let up on them,
is only halfway up the track.
He said, you know, you turn for home sometimes on a horse,
and a horse looks up that long belt track and says,
you mean I have to run all the way up there?
Yeah.
You realize it's only halfway.
Oh, it's like when it gets to be about 10, 30 on the show.
And I think, oh my God, I got to be on here two o'clock.
I feel the same way many days.
So I see mine that bird, because you know,
it's a myth to me about Belmont, this business that because it's,
you know, the mile and a half, and it's got the long stretch,
that it sits built for closures.
I don't think so.
You have to be close.
Yeah, the speed waves up to Belmont.
27, the last 30 horses that went on the Belmont were within two lengths of the lead.
So that's very tough.
If my net bird is going to be within two lengths of the lead,
that'd be tough.
Wouldn't it turn for home?
Yeah, I think Calvin's going to have a surprise waiting for him.
And that's not personal.
I mean, I don't dislike him personally,
but I just, just the thing with the note teeth,
and this whole routine that he puts on after each win,
just, it just leads me kind of a limp.
I don't know.
Well, I think he's really genuine after those victories.
He really is emotional, but...
Like genuine risk?
Yeah, he's genuine.
She is genuine.
That's what you said at the wire.
Thank you.
But some of us old-timers remember all those calls.
But I just don't think he's going to do it this year.
The race is not...
And this was, is it two tough races in the last two...
In the last two, like the triple crown, that's tough to do.
That's what Big Brown didn't win.
He didn't even finish the race last year.
Yeah.
So, that was...
That's what I'm talking about.
That this really disappointing stuff.
Rachel Alexander, everybody's all whipped up
that she's going to be in the Belmonton win it,
and she's not even going to run.
Yeah.
And Big Brown, with that just dismal,
tragic performance.
Well, he wasn't going to win.
What do you mean by that?
He wasn't going to win.
Those two were even if he would have finished the race,
he wouldn't have wanted.
Oh, no, I know that.
But there was something really wrong there,
something really that didn't meet the eye.
I don't know what happened.
Is it he had two tough races in the Derby the Precness?
There's only been 11 horses in history
that have won all three races.
It's very, very tough.
Wonderful horses of one, two out of three.
But you can't.
I mean, it's really tough.
And I mean, none that bird didn't even win the precness,
but he had a tough race.
That was a tough race to finish second of the filly.
He ran his heart out to finish second.
Yeah, he ran well.
Yeah.
And then I just think it's another crop of real mediocre horses.
I could be wrong.
I say that almost every year, but I really believe that.
I don't see real greatness in there.
I don't think even if my net bird wins the Belmont,
anybody's going to say he's a great horse.
I think Rachel Alexandra is pretty, is way up there in terms of really good.
And Zenyatta, another filly out on the West Coast.
I mean, she's raised some terrific races, but I don't know if the two of them will ever meet.
That'd be a good match up those two.
Well, time will tell.
I hope the filly comes back in the Haskell.
I think that would be great.
You're right.
Let's talk if she does, OK?
No, OK.
Sounds like a deal.
Neil, have a wonderful weekend and good luck in the ball.
Let's both of us get our top horse charitable man on top.
Charitable man on top.
And don't forget, get those teeth in a fizzy glass for Calvin.
I'll see what I can do.
OK. Thanks, Dave.
Bye.
Take care.
Dave Johnson, we've been doing that for 100 years.
And he's 68 years old.
Boy, it makes me feel like a teenager, you know what?
Good guy.
You don't think about getting, he is a great guy.
I don't think about getting old.
And that is like when you find out like Hank is older than I am, and Dave Johnson is older than me, et cetera.
And you know, there's actually people alive older than me.
He sounds really young, though.
He sounds exactly the same now as he did like 20, 30 years ago.
Exactly the same.
Well, does your voice change all that much when you get older?
I mean, some people, I don't know what happens to you.
I mean, the AKs with them again.
So with those people, I think their personality changes too.
True.
With me, I'm still the same bastard fact that I was like 20, 30 years ago.
And I think I sound the same.
Do I sound different?
I think you sound a little bit different.
And if you listen to the bridge tender, I think your voice maybe is a tad bit higher.
Maybe it's higher?
I think so.
Oh, Jeff Beeching, who's supposed to be on top of things, tells me that David Kiritin, that,
we had that an hour ago.
He did?
Get with it, Jeff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Abe Lincoln too.
Were you drudge back in?
Mark Sportz.
That's all the station's gonna have fun.
Stay forward.
With the suicidal corporate product.
One way to keep from admitting a mistake.
Just follow up the station.
Arvid Trude.
Found a way to change the system.
Oh God.
Who's other fewer people listening?
It's too much work to put a good product on the air.
Just follow up the station.
Sales have big way down the porch, but certainly not frauds its force.
What will end up the station?
What better way to cover a loss than just turn the damn signal off?
Go in the station.
Cheer out.
Ain't gonna find no entertainment.
Black out.
We took away your information.
The best way to keep my feet on the desk is moving up the station.
If we're hit by killer storms, there ain't nothing on balance to keep you in court.
Bowing up the station.
Making up for corporate slack with corporate Jewish liking that.
Bowing up the station.
Speaking of that, we got big news, baby.
Our new studio debuts on Monday.
So we're told.
Now you didn't tell me which Monday.
I think this Monday coming up?
You think I'm pretty positive.
Brett says can you add backyard burgers to the list?
Can you do it?
Sure.
They were down here a couple years ago then they vanished.
Their burgers are excellent.
Waffle fries are great and the milkshakes are as good as steak and shake.
I'll tell you one thing.
Food talk is always compelling with this audience.
Yeah, and I love waffle fries.
Oh, me too.
And you know what I really love to add crystal like when in Tampa.
Before I would get on the like the highway to drive back.
To a fort Lauderdale.
I'd go through crystal to the drive through and get a bunch of little
of burgers.
The mini cheeseburgers and the cheese fries.
And the only thing is that when you're driving and you're eating the cheese fries.
Oh, man, you get all among all over the steering wheel and your hands.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Because you're reaching in the bag and you're pulling one out.
Yeah.
And the fries too.
Exactly.
Since the burgers are excellent waffle fries are great and the milkshakes are as good as steak and shake.
Also, I think there's a sonic near the sawgrass mills mall.
No, there's not.
Love you, Neil and definitely miss George's bread.
Everybody starts these rumors.
Oh, there's one next door to your house.
Everybody.
Sure.
There's one right up the block and down the road.
David's got some very terrifying news.
He says, I think, Dufz is still around.
Oh, my God.
It was bought out by city vice mayor Carl Schecter.
And he asked the ambiance is still the same old swill.
Says Schecter, Dufz is a classic that needs to be preserved.
And David says, oh, yet preserved just like Schecter who chronologically is in his 80s,
but mentally is 10 years past death.
But that's a real shot.
Who did Dave Johnson take a shot at today?
He ripped somebody.
Howard Koso.
Oh, Howard Kosochen.
Well, that's easy to do.
How has been dead for like 20 years?
He hated him, boy.
Did he hate him like poison?
Says, by the way, it's rumored, sister, but not a business due to too many frogs going into feed their entire flocks on one meal ticket.
Maybe too many Dave game and Ed Schultz free meals as well.
Ed Schultz is a known schnor.
I didn't know that.
I see him on on is that the guy in MSNBC Ed Schultz?
Yeah.
And he was on air America for a while.
Yeah, I know that.
He's okay.
Not not he.
Yeah, he's dull, but he's okay.
You know what I mean by dull?
Mm-hmm.
Personality challenged.
Gail says, Neil, a high neof from one of your non-existent female listeners.
There are three sonics in Palm Beach County and two Perkins.
One of the sonics is only two miles from my house.
Haven't been there yet.
She doesn't tell me where her house is though.
Says, had a dream last night that the Belmont was won by a jockey with a British accent, but there aren't any Brits riding.
Oh well.
Maybe it was Frankie Dittori who's a titan but got a British accent.
He's not in either, but you know for a L.
Lion Franco Dittori.
I do not.
You don't know Frankie Dittori?
Probably the greatest money jockey in the world.
When the money is on the line, Frankie is there, man.
He's great.
Dave says there's a sonic in Boynton Beach right next to the Boynton Mall.
Well, I don't know about you.
I'm just not a Boynton Beach kind of guy.
In fact, I'm not a Palm Beach County kind of guy.
No.
I can't tell you the last time I went to Palm Beach County like, you know, I mean, I've driven through it to go somewhere.
But to actually go somewhere and get out of the car and do something and I don't know.
Are you?
I mean, I mentioned something about Boca the other day and you freaked out.
Yeah, I don't hit up Northmatch really.
Right.
What word do you live?
Adventura.
Oh, you live in Dave County.
Oh, my God.
Barely.
How sad.
Byron Peggan mustered the wonder dog.
Wow.
Chronix.
From a Riddian Idaho say, I don't know if it's my computer or not.
But your website is sometimes hard to get on.
Sometimes your homepage won't come up and sometimes when I go to one of your stories, it won't come up.
I haven't heard you talk about it.
Well, that's because I don't know about it and quite frankly, what am I going to do about it?
I don't want to sound indifferent or like callous or anything like that or like a hard asshole of fag.
But I'm a hard asshole of fag that's just me.
I went to Woodbuy last night.
Was losing my ass and then I went into the $5 room, the rubber room.
Oh, boy.
The rubber room.
And I did good.
And I made all my money back and I left even and I felt like I won $50 million.
I went to the 2 cent quick hit.
I got 6 quick hits, 360 bucks.
It got even.
You're not a slots player so you don't, you know, you can't relate to it.
Yeah.
That's my best advice about playing slots.
Don't.
Oh, and I got the article about Caldera starting.
They're putting the shovel in the ground, baby.
There are a lot of people that they put the shovel in the ground for a Caldera over the years.
It says Chuck Ching.
Miami's first casino breaks ground and Caldera is track will be filled with a sweet sound of the slots when the Super Bowl comes to town.
Is that exciting or what?
Very.
And by the way, let me just, I don't know if I should discuss this on a year, but we have no way to talk.
Unless I call you before the show until Monday when we get that studio going.
Right.
But as far as compelling is concerned, horse racing is something.
I mean, the day Johnson's stuff is fun.
You know, we have a few laughs.
So I think that's the audience enjoys that.
And he's the only guest we have on the show anyway.
He's no stormy, but he's the best we can do.
Well, but at any rate, the horse racing thing, when you talk to Steve Sloan and some of your other powwow pals, it's a killer.
Yes, a matter of fact in today's promotion meeting that we're having.
Yes, I'm going to bring up show killers.
Well, that's one.
Yes.
And you know me, I love horse racing and George, you're was making some extra bucks with it.
So I didn't put up a stink about it.
But those Fridays, man, I think that you could have measured the audience with a dipstick.
Well, I can tell you my wife who's a big neal fan.
She would tune out.
She goes, God, the horse racing stuff again.
And she'd be out.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Killer.
Not compelling.
Blackie says, Dufz was off Palm Avenue in Pines Boulevard.
There was a good Chinese restaurant in the Plaza called Beijing.
That's right.
That was a great place.
That was a great place.
It says, Scrucone, a char-hot is the best.
Char-hot is very good.
I love the Italian sausage.
Hmm.
A char-hot.
Which is an onion.
My old pill doctor, Dr. Bob, what that was his name?
I forget.
Just as well for him that I forget.
Anyway, the old pill doctor, he was on Nabhil road.
Like in Tamarack, I guess it is.
And every, I would go there to get my blood drawn and, you know, all that stuff.
And of course, you have to be fasting when you do that.
And then as soon as I would get in the car and go back, there was a char-hot on Nabhil.
And I would go through the drive-through and get a charge.
A Italian sausage sandwich with cheese and onion.
Oh, God.
That is just to die for.
Have you ever had that a char-hot?
I've never been a char-hot, but I've heard you things about it.
What?
Let me ask again.
What did you say?
I have never been to a char-hot.
Oh, my God.
Well, you got something to look forward to now.
Oh, Nubil!
You're a bastard.
Hey, this is Vince for swine-wow.
And you'll be saying, wow, I feel like I'm going to die if you get the swine flu.
That's why you need the swine-wow.
Works like a sponge when it comes to the influenza virus.
Some kid back from spring break and can't cool and cough up a lung on your coffee table.
Wipe it up with swine-wow.
Infected saliva, mucus.
That's where the disease is.
Soak it up with swine-wow.
You following me there, CDC guy?
Swine-wow is made in Mexico.
Hey, you know the Mexicans make killer stuff.
Use the swine-wow as a surgical mask.
I tell you, nothing's getting through the swine-wow.
And if you order now, because you know the panic's not going to last forever,
we'll throw in another swine-wow.
Absolutely free.
Swine-wow, order now.
Okay, you'll be saying holy crap all day.
He just, I don't know, he just sends me to the, to the can.
Vince, what's his last name?
Slimy Revenoets?
I think it's it.
686 votes on the pool.
But they're, are they're whipped up about this?
Good pull up, Brandon.
Thanks.
What a restaurant chain you wish would open a location in South Florida.
White Castle 219.
Sonic 127.
Hardies 77.
Jack in a box 70.
Red Robin 43.
I still not sure what Red Robin is.
I have better Google it during the next break.
The gourmet burgers.
Gourmet burgers.
Yep.
You know, the best burger I've had in years, I know that I hate to say it again,
because I'll get laughed at.
Was that bacon cheeseburger with Denys?
Last time I was down there?
Really.
It was awesome.
And you should have seen the response I got on the emails.
Oh, what kind of taste do you got?
First it's Red Lobster and then it's Denys.
Oh, I'm telling you, it was great.
Why would I make that up?
When's the last time you've eaten in a Denys?
Oh, God, at least a year I would think.
Or a year?
Yeah.
With me it's probably more like 10 years.
Red Robin 43.
Potter Roster steakhouse 42.
Remember the Denys that used to be on the 125th and this gain?
Yes.
No.
Remember that one?
Yeah.
No, it wasn't a Denys.
It was a Howard Johnson's.
Well, there's a...
There is a Denys on this gain, for sure.
Oh, that's like way down far to the dough.
It's like 40.
Yeah, way down, you know, you're 79th and Biscayne.
No, not 79th and Biscayne.
79th and something.
Potter Roster steakhouse 42.
In an out burger 41.
No, 36th and Biscayne.
That's where the Denys is.
Yeah, that's the one you're down.
That's the...
Paul Lin got kicked out of...
Before being an obnoxious drunk.
He got kicked out of there one time.
Years and years ago when he was alive.
In an out burger 41 Perkins restaurant 36,
which I think used to be Perkins pancake house.
That's a good joint.
Having that one in Tampa a few times, I'm Dale Maybury.
Yeah.
Good restaurants in Tampa, most of them are on Dale Maybury.
No?
Yeah, and there's a bunch of Perkins in the state of Florida.
It's weird that there's none down here.
Well, that's South Florida for you.
There used to be a bunch of crystals all over too.
And then they finally got one there in Pompolyne, where the hell it is.
Right, Rogers 23.
Harvey's 3.
What a burger 2.
Sizzler 2.
Carl's Jr. 1.
And backyard burgers has got the big...
Oh, which we just went on there.
Food intensive.
Maybe what we'll do since we want to be so compelling.
Here's just to a food show every day.
Okay.
It's just a joke.
Food show every day.
We'll do the candy bar thing.
They didn't like that one.
We've done it a couple times.
What's the best candy of all time?
Or they get wild.
Oh, man.
This is the most...
Terminal...
I don't know.
I guess not everybody is into candy the way I am.
Don't get hooked on that Hershey's almonds and Toffee bar.
Oh.
That thing is...
It ought to be illegal.
There ought to be a skull and crossbones on the label.
Yeah, I was checking it out online.
Looks good.
Were you?
What did it say?
Are there any reviews?
Yeah, people seem to love it.
Oh.
And it's only 220 calories per box.
That's not bad.
It's not the calories.
It's the amount of sugar in it.
My God.
Tons of sugar and tons of fat.
Really?
Yeah, lots of saturated fat.
Wow.
Who cares?
It's candy bar.
Oh, wait a minute.
Let me take a look.
Let me see if...
Oh, it doesn't have the elisting.
Doesn't have the list of carbs and stuff.
I think it had 22 grams of sugar.
As a car chocolate.
Sugar, milk ingredients, milk ingredients.
What's that?
Cocoa butter on sweetened chocolate.
Lessothin, polyglycerol, polyc...
Polyrinc...
Coliate.
I can't even read it.
Artificial flavor.
Almonds roasted in cocoa butter.
Or, and-or, sunflower oil.
Sugar.
Butter.
Milk, salt, and lactose.
Where does it come from with the toffee?
Where does that come from?
I guess they make the toffee from some of those other ingredients, huh?
It is just...it's too good to be true.
You can't eat only five.
Let me tell you that right now.
Lauren says, Bob's big boy.
I don't think there's any in Florida at all.
Well, guess what, Lauren?
Abu-garra...
That's where you'll find one.
I don't know if it's Bob's, but it's big boy out there on Davy Road Extension.
Is that still there?
By the Hestiaast station?
With the Godfathers?
I don't think so.
No?
Big boy is gone.
It was right there by 595 and Davy Road Extension.
Couldn't be there.
I don't go down that way much, but I don't remember saying it.
What do you mean, don't go down that way?
I mean, up that way.
Yeah, up that way, sorry.
The big boy sandwiches heads and shoulders above other fast foods.
Version of the same thing, including the big Mac.
It's even compelling, Lauren says.
And Don and Bob's, the one by the lake would be great too, but it's not a chain.
If there's only two, which there used to be before the one in Brighton closed,
does that make it a chain?
If there's two?
It's a small chain.
Yeah, a small chain.
Don and Bob's.
Oh.
Okay, total carbs in your candy bar there?
Mm-hmm.
23.
Oh, that's not so bad.
22 or sugar in one is fiber.
Oh, fiber?
Yeah, and 14 grams of fat.
You know, I can't even remember.
I'm so old and people I can't even remember if I'd joist before in Atlanta.
I'm sure I did not.
That would be the kind of thing you would remember, right?
Thanks, though.
Yeah.
You'd remember that.
I'm pretty sure I didn't.
I'm trying to think figure out one of these breaks where I'm just going to like, I don't know, take off.
I think I'm all done by the way with those phone calls during the show.
Those two are very important.
Yeah.
It's inappropriate.
It's not compelling and it's bush league is what it is.
We're paying you a lot of money to do a show and you're talking taking personal calls.
Well, a guy with a bunch of numbers for me, that's all.
Like Hank used to take calls from his bookie on a year.
Did you know that?
No, but it makes sense.
Yeah, he used to confabulate with his bookie during the show.
Sam in Boston says, your mention of dust as a poor choice of dining venue was completely accurate
and brought back some very bad memories.
Absolutely correct.
I believe they had a location in Hialeah back in the early 80s.
I think it was either on Palm Avenue or fourth Avenue.
That's in Hialeah stupid as several number of street system.
A few of my cheap skate friends were out driving around when the real genius of our group suggested going to Duff's
because it was about four or five bucks for all you can eat.
I wasn't a picky eater in my youth, but was still completely grossed out by this place.
What a freaking dump says Sam in Boston.
Sarcastic Sam.
That's what he calls himself.
Sarcastic Sam.
Duff's morgues board.
Yeah, it says.
Fae.
Fae.
Even the goyem used to say, fae.
But all the old conkers were in there, man.
Oh, boy.
Filling up their plate with that wonderful food.
Calvin Perreot had a good time and he got a gummed all the food.
Even the meat dishes tasted like the potatoes.
Everything tasted exactly the same, indistinguishable.
I know that sounds crazy, but it was all like moush.
You know what I mean by moushie?
Yep.
Now I'm not big into moushie food.
Adam Oshmuck is back again.
Chronic Adam.
Chronic, chronic, chronic.
Not to be too Toronto intensive, he says.
But if you like a good burger, you should make a trip to Apache Burger in the Tobacco.
It's really a small place, but it's often said it is the best burger in town.
I'll take your word for it, Adam.
I'm not doing the whirlwind Toronto eating tour yet.
I still haven't tried Harvies yet.
They have good commercials.
Leonardo is back.
He says, what's the difference between bison and buffalo?
Buffalo is the popular name often used to describe North American bison.
However, this is a misnomer.
In fact, buffalo are distinctly different animals from bison.
Although both bison and buffalo belong to the same family.
Bovidai, true buffalo, are only native to African Asia.
You won't find any real buffalo in buffalo.
So I guess you're eating bison burgers.
I guess so.
That crap.
It just doesn't sound appetizing to me.
I don't know.
Well, what difference does it make?
Right.
We're so conditioned to think that somehow cow is more, you know, I don't know.
Well, you're not eating any of it anyway.
Right.
But it is a little conversation today.
It's kind of a mood point for you because you're not going to be going to any of these joints.
I don't know.
You want?
Maybe.
Well, what would you stick to this thing 100% or once in a while you go off the wagon?
No, I stick to it, but there's usually something I can eat.
Like the waffle fries?
Oh, yeah.
Except I don't go to Chick-fil-A to eat them though.
You don't go what?
I don't eat them at Chick-fil-A.
Why not?
It's a protest because it's such a religious place.
Chick-fil-A is a religious place?
Oh, yeah.
It's owned by religious nut.
Oh, yeah.
That's why they're closed on Sundays.
Born again?
Religious nut?
Sure.
Is there really or you don't know?
Chick-fil-A.
I just know it's owned by a Christian group, yeah.
Oh, by a Christian group?
Mm-hmm.
Well, you know what they say?
A lot of goyem out there.
Oh, me!
All right, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Hey girls, want to see the sleazy side of the American doll?
Then you need talking, tramp, stamp, barbie!
Check out the dragon on my lower back.
It tail goes right down to my crack!
And talking, tramp, stamp, barbie has a whole variety of tattoos it's used from.
I could tell you I have it there, but that's my secret.
You have hours of fun with talking, tramp, stamp, barbie!
And her new boyfriend, talking, tribal, tattoo, do that, can!
I don't know what it means, but my arm looks pretty cool, so it is.
So pick up a talking, tramp, stamp, barbie, today!
Barbie's Malibu Inc. Parler sold separately.
Oh, please set me a thing about the Chick-fil-A.
Well, you really got to bug up your ass about that.
You wouldn't need it anyway.
What do you know you chicken do?
No, not anymore, but I still won't go and get the waffle fries.
But that's just a personal choice.
Yeah.
Food's good, you know?
I hear it's really good.
I'm not going to go there and subsidize them though, because of what you say.
First, he says, was Duff in the corner of that shopping center next to the Chinese restaurant?
Yeah, that's right.
I remember eating in a restaurant there when I was little, but can never remember the name.
It was like I have a fear of something.
The Chinese restaurant was great though, that's correct.
The Chinese restaurant was great and Duff's was to die from, not to die for, but to die from.
710 votes on the A710.
What is 710?
Arroyo Mambi?
Yes.
Used to be WGBS.
One of the really bizarre things that I've never been able to understand.
WGBS was located back in the day when there was a WGBS at 710 Berkall Avenue,
in like a house kind of a building on Berkall, and there's 710 on the dial.
How do you go about doing that?
I don't know.
In other words, which came first to chicken or the egg?
That would be like us being 560 state road 7 or something like that.
That'd be cool.
Well, maybe we're going to be moving there.
You know, we can orchestrate another one of these great moves and seems to work out really well.
When you fact you emailed me all this stuff about Chick-fil-A,
the founder, S. Truett Cathy, as he devout Southern Baptist,
who has taught Sunday school for over 51 years,
whose religious beliefs permeate the company to this day.
The company's official statement of corporate purposes that the business exists to glorify God
by being a faithful steward of all that's entrusted to us
and have a positive influence on all who come in contact with Chick-fil-A.
The locations are closed on Sundays.
Our decision to close on Sunday was our way of honoring God and directing our attention
to things more important than our business.
If it took 7 days to make a living with a restaurant,
then we needed to be in some other line of work.
Two of the years I've never wavered from that position, said S. Truett Cathy.
Oh, focus on the family. He's involved.
Oh boy, focus, focus on the family.
That's all I need to know. Thanks, please.
Well, I've had a couple on this.
The location in Davy is a Shonee's big boy that's been closed for about two years due to a fire.
It says, the sign here, the road says they're threatening to reopen soon.
But oh, look out, we're going to reopen.
There's a live brothers big boy, there's Shonee's big boy, and then there's Haye big boy.
See, if I was down here, if I wasn't so out of touch, I could actually,
and if my mother was still alive and I was going there, if he'd Tuesday for lunch,
I would drive by the big boy and I'd see the big sign.
And I would know that.
I would drive by Hess and I'd probably make a, a, a B line in there for the,
Godfather's Pizza.
We used to go to one in Zantampa, but I think they were Fisher's big boys.
Fisher's big boy, never heard of that.
Oh, yeah, has it made you Fisher's big boy?
Had a big kid out front like a big statue of the little boy.
Yeah, that's right. That's big boy. That's their logo.
Kind of like the Pillsbury doughboy.
Right?
I think so.
I mean, along, along those lines.
It's a long time, man. A long time. Talk about living in the past.
George Ann says, oh, la, don't forget that back in the day,
there was a deaf smorgasbord in Halea.
And a black anus on 49th Street. Oh, I remember black anus.
I remember the days when you would leave work every day and drive to Baskin Robbins on 163rd.
That was great. No, I, not every day. Probably that went there every day.
I'd be dead.
You remember there used to be a Baskin Robbins in North Miami Beach 163rd,
not far off the highway.
And it had a drive through.
And I would get a hot-fudge Sunday on chocolate ice cream or chocolate marshmallow,
three scoops. Chocolate marshmallow doesn't exist anymore.
I mentioned that a couple of years ago.
And then somebody tried to tell me, oh, there's fish food. Fish food is great,
but it's not chocolate marshmallow.
Do you remember chocolate marshmallow?
Yes, I did.
Why do they stop making it? Because it's too good.
I guess.
Then, George Ann also says, have you ever eaten it?
P.F. Chains? Yes, once.
Yeah, there's one by my house. It's always packed.
Very overrated. Very overrated.
I mean, I love Chinese food. It's hard to get a bad Chinese meal.
I'm not saying the food there was bad, but it was, there's nothing special.
Yoshi Schmendrich says, you know what? I'm cool with flea,
but I do have to say I'm a Mr. George when it comes to some drops he used to say,
like, go ahead or just this morning.
It's a, you did just this morning, the other just this morning.
Yes, sir did.
Just the other morning.
I hope I can't find.
Go ahead.
Go ahead. Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Oh, you're cheating. You've got it on the 360.
Oh, yeah.
I got it on the DCS.
And you don't even know how to use the DCS yet.
Why? You'll learn. It's not that hard. If I can figure it out.
It says I missed the fart sounds. I guess I had to get used to it.
So I'll get used to flea, but either burger flea for crying out loud.
Don't be trying to push meat on this guy. He's a vegetarian.
See, I'm not one of those people that tries to tell you how to live your life or what they eat or like that.
Right.
Or what to drive.
Says, how can you talk about food if you don't eat meat? Well, he did.
How long have you been doing the veggie thing?
Eight years.
Eight years.
Yep. Do you eat bokeh burgers?
Yeah, they're awesome.
I'm going to introduce bokeh burgers and Southfoot.
I made a big hit out of them on IOD.
Did you know that? Probably not. No, but they're good.
I made them legendary bokeh burgers.
Says it's like jolly Joe telling you what compelling radio is.
Oh, and I got some great news, by the way. Very good news.
Okay.
Yesterday I did not get a call from your friend and I didn't even get a text message saying I'm going to call you tomorrow.
Talk about those numbers and talk about this.
Well, what did you find out during your um,
slicking up and down the hallway yesterday after the show?
I didn't find out anything as guys were all gone.
They were all gone?
Yeah.
And maybe one of me coming back could be.
You think?
I don't know.
Or would that leave you?
Flap it in the breeze, maybe?
I don't know.
He's your link.
He's your lifeline.
He's my guy.
Yeah, that's what I hear.
Purcell anonymous pussy footer says in and out is a small family owned California chain.
It's limited to California Nevada and Arizona.
Any burger place outside of these states using the in and out name, including South Florida.
A place is mentioned by a previous email or not part of the original California based chain.
How do you like that?
Their niche in the market is to provide the highest possible quality in a fast food environment.
They stretch freshness.
Every customer orders prepared when ordered.
Nothing is made ahead.
The beef is fresh.
Never frozen.
And the potatoes for the french fries are cut in the store.
Never frozen or processed.
You can actually watch the worker put the potatoes in a manual machine that cuts the fries.
Since they're cooked, the word you can specify well done fries.
It got sent to those like me who hate mushi fries.
I don't think there are too many people like mushi food.
Unless they're like a hundred years old and they got no teeth like Calvin Burrell.
Because they offer so few menu items in and out offers the customer the chance to customize his order via so called secret menu.
A secret menu.
All bad.
Perfect secret.
How do you know about it?
The most famous secret option is a is animal style.
Animal style?
It's chopped off here.
I'm not worried.
I think that's what it says, which had onions and secret sauce, which is basically a thousand-aligned dressing.
Another is protein style, which is a vundless burger wrapped in lettuce.
Oh, that's perfect for racquins.
Yeah.
Burgers can be ordered.
You know, Wendy's was doing that for a while.
When racquins was really popular until he croaked.
And they were doing like, you've already heard of burger atkins style and they were like rapid and tin foil and they would know bun.
Burgers can be ordered by specified in the number of meat patties and cheese slices.
A four, three would get you a burger with four patties and slices of cheese.
All right.
Four by three.
The owning family has visited the chance to franchise nationwide.
They feel they couldn't maintain the unique quality standards if they expanded to a larger geographical area.
They're definitely worth a visit next time you or any of your listeners are out west.
Take care of P.P.
Okay, P.P. Thanks for the, uh, in and out.
Sounds good.
Yeah, there's one there in Vegas, right?
Not far off the strip.
I've seen it as Indian times and I've never been, I don't know.
I mean Carl's Jr., I went in Vegas.
And to me, it seemed like I don't know, like just another burger joint with nothing special.
I didn't get the E. coli burger, though.
Thank the Lord.
Thank God, you know.
They're all God.
Especially if you're driving on a highway because it's right near the interstate.
They're what's the interstate in Vegas?
I five, I think.
I don't know.
It's right near there.
So if you go through the drive-through and you get this stuff and then you hop on the interstate,
oh boy.
Where can I make a pit stop here?
Kate says, please add friendly's ice cream.
There's one in Orlando, one in Melbourne.
I already voted for Sonic, the one in Naples.
You want to put a friendly, friendly ice cream on there?
Yes, sir.
Why not?
We tried vikin' herbs in Fort Lauderdale.
That went over like boobs on a ballpoint pen.
It just didn't work.
I don't know why.
All the Rochesterians and stuff, but I don't think there are that many Rochesterians and stuff,
or these to be, I think they're all dead, except me.
Vikin' herbs was good.
Don and Bob's was great.
Oh boy.
Give me a ground round and just a smell in there was so, just awesome, you know.
Blackie says, forgot to recommend Fat Bird.
I've seen that too and never been there.
It's good and fat.
They're popular in Vegas and California.
There's Ralph's supermarket in LA.
It's interesting, different parts of the country.
You got different chains, supermarkets, drive-thrues, stuff.
Ralph's.
I remember last time I was in LA, a hundred years ago.
I went, because Ralph's was open 24 hours before it became fashionable.
Now there's all kinds of like here we got to minion open 24 hours.
Wasn't Grand Union open 24-7, I think?
Maybe.
For you to know, you didn't know from Grand Union.
My Grand Union was right there in a corner of sunset and a hundred and seventh day.
Mine, they just opened it just for me. It had my name on it.
Bob and Naples says we have four perkins of the graders in Naples area and they all suck.
Wow, can you believe that?
That to me is like blast for me.
What about Bob Evans?
That's for Rednecks, isn't it?
Yeah, that's why they're in Tampa.
Bob Evans?
Well, what is it?
They're good at biscuit place, biscuit grannies, yeah.
It's like a grannies, yeah.
Something like that where they got skillets and stuff like that.
It's pretty good.
Yeah.
Bob Evans.
What about Luther Evans?
I bet he's not alive.
No.
Well, it beat at 12 to 1 hour on WQA.
I'm not in my baby.
You don't want virus on yourself.
I think you'll probably be fine.
Just wash your hands with your help.
Wash your hands, baby.
Scrub them through.
Keep them clean.
Oh, baby, baby, baby.
This one flew on the way.
I hear there's many more play folks being infected each day.
Well, I'll make sure that I'm hygienic.
None of them germs all alive.
I'm not in my bed.
I'd rather be alive than me dead.
And I'm alive.
My honey, my baby.
You don't want virus on yourself.
I think you'll probably be fine.
Just wash your hands for your help.
Oh, hello to it, 560 WQM.
Happy Thursday, although it feels like Friday to me.
That's because I'm not working tomorrow, I guess, right?
Isn't that why I feel that way?
Yep.
Sun is shining.
It's a beautiful day.
Much too nice to be sitting cooped up in here for two more hours.
Here's flea.
Ida says don't ask me how I ended up there, but I was in Newport,
Richie a couple of weeks ago.
Whoa.
You hear those sirens?
Yeah.
And ate at this country place called Cotes.
The food was delicious to even let you throw peanuts on the floor.
Oh, that's like those, what are those other roadhouses?
Roadhouse.
What is it?
Roadhouse.
They're done.
They closed.
Good.
The food was delicious to even let you throw peanuts on the floor.
Could you please add them on the list?
Cotes.
How do we know Cotes is a chain?
I'll check.
I don't think it is.
Oh.
By the way, did you hear David Keranine was found dead in Thailand?
Yeah, we heard the president, uh, president Lincoln got a bad headache too.
Cut it out, Ida.
That was not hours ago.
I missed George trying to get used to flea looking forward to hearing him talk about beer.
I know it's one of his favorite pastimes and it's one of mine as well as Ida.
Is beer one of your...
Oh, yeah.
I'm a big beer guy.
Why is that?
I just love beers.
I like the micro brews.
I'm like a beer snob kind of.
Hmm.
It's my thing.
Is it your thing?
Well, you're not eating meat, so I guess you have to have something.
That's right.
Gino says on the interstate between LA and Vegas, there's a restaurant and motel called Bunboy.
Do a search for Bunboy in Baker, California.
I think maybe he means Baker's field?
Maybe it's Baker, I don't know.
The sign has a Baker holding a big arrow at his crotch pointing to the restaurant.
I was wondering what went on in the Bunboy motel.
Well, Gino, if anybody should know, I think you sound like the...
Voice of experience.
The Bunboy motel.
Brackum.
That's California for, you know.
Kind of gay.
A little bit.
Not too much.
So did anybody see the neighbor yet with Rod Stiger?
I don't know what it is.
It's like they're angry about it.
Like, oh, we won't watch that piece of crap.
Okay.
Now, you're going to watch it this weekend, right?
Yes, I am.
What excitement Monday will be in the new studio and you will have seen the neighbor
and we can confabulate about it.
And we can also confabulate between like 8.45 and 10 o'clock.
All the year.
Yeah, and it doesn't look like Cote's is a chain.
No.
Didn't think so.
Sorry, Aida.
Go have another...
Mary says you can't do a food show.
This isn't a food show.
It's a fast, it's a chain, fast food, the cheese.
Without mentioning the monks in on Coralway or the studio.
Where we're not talking about that, we've done those a million times, Mary.
Sorry.
Jesus, I still dream of the cheese.
If you like cheese, go to Daltz.
Everything had cheese.
The waitresses had cheese in their ears and the chairs had cheese on a seat and then everything had cheese at Daltz.
I love Daltz.
Long gone, right?
I love cheese.
This Daltz long gone.
You don't know from Daltz, you probably never even heard of it.
Never heard of it.
I'll check it this time.
Very, very big South Florida chain once upon a time.
There was one in Kendall.
I'm trying to think where the hell they were.
They were in Broward.
In fact, there was one in Broward just down the road on U.S. 1 from Aruthkris.
There was a Daltz.
One of the most disgusting things I ever did in my life.
Because there was a Duncan Donuts, also right in that same area.
I had a big, big meal at Aruthkris.
Got in my car, started driving home.
I went down U.S. 1 and it's not that far down.
And I saw the Duncan Donuts.
And I hadn't had dessert in Aruthkris.
So I figured, well, I'm going to stop in there and get a couple of donuts.
And I did.
I hate to admit that.
That's really gluttony.
That's disgusting, isn't it?
Yeah, and the only Daltz I see is in Nashville.
No.
Well, better you than me.
I'm not going back there.
Mary says Chick-fil-A is big here in North Carolina.
There's one in every corner.
I bet.
Three is right.
They're very religious, but it works well for the area.
It matches a church in every corner.
Like Nashville, there was a church on every corner and a bar right across the street.
And a strip club on the Akitty Corner.
My show, William says, Misha.
I know it was going to take assisted to mention bow jangles.
Oh, you got bow jangles in South Florida.
You still, yeah?
I'm sure as hell did.
She says, I don't know if I spelled it right.
Yes, he did.
Maybe, Philly can check it.
Yes, says they have some good stuff.
Definitely better than KFC in Popeyes, which he did not spell.
She got Popeys.
You know, Popeys?
Don't be dopey, eat it, Popeys.
My favorite place.
Also, I really miss George.
Sorry, Philly.
Nothing gets you.
It's just that I love George.
I'm a little worried what's going to happen when you go on vacation.
The two guys that were on two weeks ago were not very good.
And I hope they don't come back.
No, it's going to be flea in the Josh Cordes, so they tell us.
George was very passionate about stuff.
He believes in how he thought that that was compelling.
Love you Uncle Neil.
Your sister, listen to me.
I'm Misha.
Thank you.
Thanks Misha.
Leo is back.
Boy, he is just a wild child.
Looks like the closest boat angles is Orlando.
There's no more boat angles in South Florida.
There used to be.
Not on their website.
Oh my God.
Are you kidding me?
Well, we can put it on there, if you like.
Don't forget to monks in in the studio, which have nothing to do with this polar.
This is a show today, but Mary's a little confused.
Oh, you can't do food talk without mentioning it.
Sure we can, because that's not what we're talking about.
Let me read the poll question one more once.
What restaurant chain you wish would open a location in South Florida?
Studio was not a chain and it was the monks in.
They were both great.
Mr. Cheese, Mr. French onion soup in both places.
Oh God, both joints had the best.
Also, Bernstake House is great French onion soup, with thick, at least they used to.
No, it's the best ever.
Still?
Yeah.
Boy, brings back some great memories.
Those six years I did you in baseball?
Every trip to Tampa to play USF, we'd make several, several pit stops at Bernstake House.
Yeah.
Leo says, although I've never had one, buys and meet as much healthier than regular beef and even chicken,
it has significantly lower amounts of fat and cholesterol, also has much higher amounts of protein for serving.
See, this business is about not wanting to eat meat because you don't want to kill animals.
I don't kill any animals.
Somebody else does it for me.
That's true.
Well, you know the best meat that you can eat is venison.
Oh, oh, oh, gamey.
Oh, gamey.
I don't like gamey.
I like, I don't like duck.
Anything that's gamey tasting.
That's why you soak it in milk a little bit.
Soak it in what?
You soak the meat in milk and it takes the gamingness out of it a little bit.
But as far as like, it's in milk.
Yeah, as far as zero cholesterol and zero fat, venison's the best.
Leo says, I believe all the health benefits related to eating, buys and versus regular beef or chicken,
also applies to ostrich meat.
Didn't you say you had that?
Yeah, believe it or not.
It's a red meat.
Sounds gross.
It's pretty good.
Leo says, I apologize for throwing in my two cents, but food talk is very compelling radio.
I'm not a fat ass.
Well, see, even people who aren't fat asses like to eat.
I know that comes as a great shock to some.
Redlands, Jim and Jan say, please add crystal burger to your pool.
Well, there's one in Pompo.
There's one there.
Somewhere in Pompo.
Powerline road.
Did you know that?
I can feel like you're right back in Tampa again.
Well, there's billboards up around here.
So there has to be some crystal burger.
Oh, yeah, there's crystals and there may be more than one.
It says, except the one on colonial and Orlando, bad location if you know what I mean.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
Also, my dad once took us to Duff's.
Yeah, I couldn't wait to get out of there.
There's a two young, unless you're at least a 99.
There's a crystal burger on center eyes and power line.
That's what I just said, power line and something.
Center eyes.
Sunrise and power line is a crystal.
Just go to that drive through and fill up the tank with burgers.
Open the trunk.
Load it up.
Although I'll tell you it's good, but it's not Wayne Arnels.
Although I did hear some things a couple of weeks ago.
Let's not go there.
Okay.
Joseph says, what is it with these jockey's voices that sound like they just jumped out of a cartoon?
Do they take some sort of anti-HGH maybe helium?
Are they suck on helium, I think?
Oh, hi there, Mr. Wright.
How are you doing?
Are they all there?
Even Julie Crohn sounded the same squeaky.
And you want to know why?
Well, they're midget.
They're their munchkins.
When you expect little people to talk high squeaky voices?
Yeah.
Well, they do.
PS went in the temporary attack, tried Skyway Jax for breakfast or lunch.
They just opened a new place on North Fourth Street.
Skyway Jax.
I'm not going to be going to Tampa to eat.
I'll tell you that.
Well, I believe Forest Street is in St. Petersburg anyway.
Yeah, there you go.
Get with it.
The Jersey at Jerk, whoever you are.
Joseph says, is the new guy doing a more famed George imitation?
Thank you.
Is that what you're doing?
A more famed George imitation?
I guess so.
Never really thought of it in those terms.
See, the implication being that George was, you know, something.
Oh, George sounds so girly, you know, like that.
I never believe that.
But you.
I'm not the most masculine guy in the world.
That's for sure.
Really?
Well, you know, whatever I am.
Well, I don't be saying that on a sports station.
That's bad.
Bad for our image.
Bad for the QA image.
We want those macho guys that all along.
So you're so big.
All on so.
And then of course, Kobe and Roger Federer.
Yeah, I'm no Kim Bo camper.
Well, thank God for that.
In other words, you don't sniff Ethan Skolnik's.
Bracko, Marks.
Can't get much more macho than that.
Sniff and sports writers for it's.
Brandances.
I never had a bad burger with Denny's.
Always eat that big in cheeseburger.
And I love it.
It's the perfect thing to eat like a 3 a.m.
Well, you know what?
If you eat at 3 p.m., you can have a good beer.
You can have a beer at 3 p.m.
And the PM.
Bacon cheeseburger.
Trust me.
All your skeptics out there that think I'm making that up.
Oh, Denny's is like for, you know, go ahead.
Well, I may be, I don't know.
I was shocked.
It was so good.
In fact, I was shocked at the menu.
Because it's certainly they totally changed the image.
And rightfully so.
It is still the moons over my hammy.
The what?
Moon over my hammy.
Oh no.
But you used to have that.
Did they really?
Well, thank God they cut that out.
Oh, Neil.
Neil Rogers.
God.
Neil American A-hole.
Neil American A-hole.
Neil Rogers.
We salute you.
Mr. National Anthem Improviser.
You feel the need to put your own special stamp on the star-spangled banner.
Even though the composers got it right the first time.
Oh, thank God you see he he.
The crowd wants to sing along.
But they can't.
Because it's impossible to figure out where the hell you're going with the next verse.
Mr. Tri-Landlet me.
The members of each team just want to play ball.
But the game is delayed because you've stretched the song from its normal mini-20 to four minutes and change.
On the ramparts before.
American I don't thought you stung two.
That's why William Hong has a record deal and a tour.
And you're singing for the East Pot Dunc-Berry Chicken.
On the land of the free.
So we salute you.
Mr. National Anthem Improviser.
Your East by ten glossy photo.
Your girth and your blink-leaf.
And the whole of the bread.
You are a real American hero.
Don't you think maybe he meant East Pot Dunc-Berry, East Pot Dunc, but never to last?
Close enough.
1218 at 560 WQM we get the big coming along at two.
I'm sure more Hoops talk, right?
When you think?
I would think so.
And we got the NBA finals game one tonight.
At nine o'clock.
Are you going to be glued to that?
I'll be watching it.
I will not.
You will be watching that?
Yeah, I like basketball.
Oh.
God Almighty, are you a crazy person or what?
Little bit.
The NBA is not basketball.
Well, I prefer college basketball, but...
Yeah, there you go.
That's real basketball.
College Hoops.
I actually prefer college sports over professional sports in general.
Yeah, really?
Yeah.
I don't.
Oh, look at that.
Here's the goofballs from Velmont.
I was focusing in on.
40 minutes till the race won and the track is sloppy.
I think Dave hasn't been out of the house in a few days.
We'll see what shakes out.
Page figures to be hot.
No doubt about that.
On the race six, May tracks six bro longs.
Late pick four starts here.
This is the track is sloppy at Velmont.
Well, it's only Thursday.
The race is Saturday.
I think maybe Dave is like, well, he's 68 years old.
You know, I can't believe he gave out his age on here.
Did you believe it?
I mean, I believe the number, but I just can't believe he'd done it.
Yeah, why not?
Make me feel better, I guess.
I don't think guys care as much.
Todd says there are two friendly locations in South Florida that I know of Delray Beach in Wellington.
So friendly, we put friendly's on there?
I sure did.
No, I'm sorry.
Maybe Eric can take it off.
Sorry, Eric.
One of our listener ladies, do a little research like what's his name says, Jeff Beeching.
Do a little research before you send in the scrap for the polls.
Come on.
Get it right.
Get it accurate.
It's a scientific.
It's almost a scientific.
It's that new ratings thing with the devices, you know.
That information you sent me was just scandalous.
And it doesn't surprise me there.
I figured that was part of the problem.
You know what I mean?
Give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
You give me the ball.
Yep.
Paul says, code is a chain and it sucks.
Hmm.
So you can put it on there if you want code is.
Okay.
But if it sucks, we don't want it and so forth.
We got enough places that suck.
Jay at UC Tampa says, code is a chain.
Several of them in Tampa, including one in clear water, by countries, something mall.
And one in Oldsmart.
Well, there's something called code is roadhouse.
Is that it?
It says inexpensive and as good as to be expected for the down.
In other words, it's cheap and it tastes like cheap.
Jay from Tampa, 18 year-lister from the WSU Endays, age 36.
Thanks Jay.
Yeah, that was me what they're talking about.
Code is roadhouse.
There's 12 locations.
Oh my god.
I'll pass.
Oldsmart, isn't that where the erase track is?
Tampa Bay Downs, isn't it in Oldsmart?
I think so.
Well, you don't know because you've never been to the erase track.
At least not that one anyway.
No, I just don't know anything.
And they're off.
That announcer just sends me.
But let's not get horse racing intensive because like we indicated before, not compelling and definitely on this show, a big, big fat ass tune out.
Jim and Kendall says you were absolutely correct.
Your grand union was open 24-7.
Yourster and Kendall was mine as well.
Wow.
In fact, that was my first job when I was 15 years old way back in 83.
The store closed.
That was replaced a short time later by Sun Supermarket, which I also worked at.
It was kind of sad because they had redone the entire interior.
They did a makeover on grand union.
You know, they put in all the new fancy, schmancy stuff in the fresh, showered, salad bar and then they closed it down.
Jim says that's all the material I have.
Keep kicking major ass.
Please do a great job.
George is sorely missed having great summer.
I will.
I'm going to be losing my ass man every day.
I'm going to be out there plunging my guts out.
And one day I'll hit a big jackpot.
And then I'll send you a text message and say, hey, see us in another lifetime.
Oh, I thought you were going to send me money.
No.
I'll send the money to George.
There you go. He needs it.
Hey, listen to big bucks you're getting paid and you're begging me for money now.
No.
I'm just saying if you hit it big, you know, well, how big?
How much the most I could win there?
A million and a half?
I'll take 10%.
I'd send you a couple bucks.
Two.
Alex says there used to be adults in Kendall, 117th Avenue, Kendall Drive, Great Place.
That's correct.
That's when I ate at many, many, many, many, many, many times.
There was some really good food man in that area.
For a fat old slob like me.
When I lived in Kendall for five years, there was the original South Florida Godfathers there in that plaza.
And also in that same plaza was Tacos, Taco Shmaco.
What was the Tacos Ole with the squeeze cheese?
In the same little strip shopping center.
Brandon says, I think you're thinking about shoneys.
Yeah, we've been through that.
That's old.
I got to get through my pile.
You know, when you do food, any kind of food talk.
Oh, Rick says, tellfully, thanks for taking off the Elmo song.
It played last break.
This was at 10.27 a.m.
And yes, they had six guys on ice for about 25 seconds, the penguins.
Really?
Yeah.
And that's why they got, you know, the two referees and the linemen.
They got four officials out there on the ice.
So they don't miss anything egregious like that.
Six men on the ice for like 25 seconds.
Wouldn't you find that to be just abhorrent?
Well, even the players on the Red Wing bench were like, point net at going, hey,
somebody call a penalty here.
Yeah.
And nothing.
And then they got one called against them, which led up for the power play.
Well, good.
Screw them.
Screw the stinkin' Red Wing.
Scott, I hate them.
You have no idea how much I hate them, especially since Steve I was a man retired.
God, do I just despise the Red Wings?
And in South Florida, of course, once they started winning Stanley Cups a few years ago,
all the bandwagon jumpers, all these people with their Red Wing jerseys on,
who've never even been close to Detroit and believed me that I'm missing anything.
All of a sudden, everybody's a Red Wing fan.
The teams of the 80s and the Canadians of the 70s.
And if Pav will comes back, and I always pinch fans out there and watch out.
Oh, Pav El Dotsuke.
Wings will dominate again.
I prefer Pav El Burie myself, boy, he was so great.
So exciting to watch.
And the people on South Florida, they wouldn't know Pav El Burie from Pav Loved the Dog.
And for Pav Loved, they ring the bell and he was start salivating.
Like Tiny, my little dog Tiny.
I used to, when he had whip cream in the refrigerator.
Like, for ice cream and stuff, you know?
Oh, yeah.
And I would take out the can of Reddiewhip and I would shake it.
And he would get on his hind legs and just go crazy.
Just go nuts.
And then I would like press the nozzle and, you know,
and echmyr a little bit on his nose or something.
He would look at it.
He'd just go nuts for Reddiewhip.
I mean, Reddiewhip is fine.
You know, cool whip, whatever.
But not something I would go.
I wouldn't get up on my hind legs and start screaming for it.
Would you?
Well, maybe.
There are a few things in my life I would get up on my hind legs and start screaming for.
But that's not one of them.
Trust me when I tell you that.
It is definitely not one of them.
26 past noon at 5.60 WQAM.
Flea will be here tomorrow with Josh Cortes.
Am I correct?
Yes, you are.
So isn't this going to be kind of like a primer for the, like a, like a warmup
for the vacation in summer schedule?
Yep.
Excellent.
And then Monday we're in our new studio.
We're going to have the dots on my phone allegedly.
You'll have dots.
Wow.
See, I would take some more calls today.
I don't need any because I've got 50,000 emails with all his food talk.
And yesterday was awkward, like I said.
Now, Dave Johnson got on there seamlessly.
That was fine.
It was great.
We took our call, our celebrity caller.
And I think that's enough for today, don't you?
Why spoil a good thing?
I said shut her down.
When in doubt, shut her down.
Get her done.
Get her done.
Oh, that, that spot with the Danny Boy.
Oh, my God.
What does she say to Marino?
Go deep, I think, or something like that?
No, not go deep.
Look, look, look, a live, Marino or something like that.
Yeah, look a live in the ball.
There you go.
Look a live, Marino.
Oh, poor Danny Boy.
How many zillion dollars do you think he's got?
Maybe that's what George ought to do.
Go to Dan Marino's house and knock on the door and say,
you know what they just can't buy S&QA?
Can you spare me of some chump chains, Danny?
Yeah, what's 100 grand ahead?
Nothing.
Nothing, that's right.
Hey, Danny Boy, set 100 grand to George over there in Hollywood.
Come on, Danny.
You can handle it.
I'd ask you, me syphilis, but he's fallen on a hard time since his restaurant
and wine joint went out of business, went under.
Yeah, I never got a chance to go there.
Now I'll be Dan.
I'm sure he would have invited you.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Yeah, kid, baby.
We at GM are going bankrupt.
And since a majority share of the company is owned by the American taxpayer,
we asked Joe Public to help design our, or their, cars.
And they told us what features they wanted.
I want to pass in your seat, holster, from a sawdough shop to you.
You got it.
I want the steering column to be the exact replica of a Leon's,
straight ship and roll panel.
You got it.
How about Nikini Smuggler's thoughts bottom in my mini van to hide my relatives?
I don't know.
Excuse me.
Maybe again.
Hey, how about removing the middle console so my lady can have an easier time giving me a little road.
Yes, you got it.
My commute would rock if I had bucket seats with a vibrating civilian fallet.
Right where my v-
We get the point.
And we're listening.
So look for your model next year.
Because since it's made with American tax dollars,
it should have the stupid engineering of average Americans.
1232 at 560 WQAM.
799 votes on the pool.
What restaurant chain you wish would open a location in South Florida?
White castle 236.
White castle is kick and ass.
And don't tell me about those frozen ones you get in the supermarket.
They blow.
See, one thing about bread.
It doesn't heat up well.
No.
I mean, when you get like in a fine Italian restaurant,
you get like the bread coming or like in Ruth Chris,
the bread comes to the table and it's hot.
Now that's great.
But when you're like putting bread in the oven or an ooking especially,
forget about it.
No good.
White castle 236.
Sonic 134.
Hardies 88.
Jack in a box 75.
In and out burger 51.
Red Robin 49.
How much of that's named after Robin Seymour?
Not.
Ponderosa steakhouse 48.
Perkins restaurant 37.
Roy Rogers 24.
And then after that really slim pickings.
What a burger 6, Sizzler 6.
Friendly ice cream.
Let's get it off of there.
They're already around.
Backyard burgers 3.
Harvey's 3.
Carl's Jr. 2.
Cody's Roadhouse 1.
Bojangles 1.
And Bob Evans 1.
Gonna love them biscuits and gravy, man.
Oh boy.
Real red necky food.
There's two kinds of food that really make me gag.
One is red necky food and the other is cage on food.
Oh.
Oh.
Wait till you hear this.
This one will make you pee in your pantaloons.
Uh-oh.
From Ron Brewer.
Ha ha.
Young Ron.
Says heads up.
Mr. Rogers.
Okay.
Don't say I never did anything for you.
This is a top secret but I'll let you win this week only.
Tomorrow night the Arbitron people will be doing their thing in front of
P.F.
Changed and adventurer.
8 p.m. it gets really busy.
We'll be out there with banners, trucks, promotions, and even if they don't listen to us.
They say they do because we pound them with advertising.
And then we also walk around and give people free DVDs, concert tickets.
See, this does make any sense because they can't say they listen because of the new technology.
So this is obviously a fake Ron Brewer.
We walk around and give people free DVDs, concert tickets.
And if they put down that they listen to us, they have to do it in front of us.
Well, they aren't putting anything down anymore.
That's not the way it works, Schmuck.
Well, yeah, I can't believe you're good friend.
AKA my producer didn't tell you this.
We also got the Paul and young Ron Day at the Marlins game.
Arbitron will be there too.
You know what?
Ha ha ha.
It's not Ron Brewer.
I'm sure but it's somebody in that building.
Is it really?
Yeah, because they know who I know.
So if you guys want to improve on that 1.3 share,
you might want to get out and promote it a little bit.
Even if they don't listen, they'll say they do if you give them something.
Respect Ron Brewer, broadcaster news and weatherman at the highest rated morning show in South Florida
with that bogus 12 of a 0.5 and 8.7 and whatever else they got.
10 something.
They should live so long.
But we wish you a really good luck with all that recycled material.
I mean, it's working, working out well for you.
So if somebody inside that building, huh?
Has to be.
Which building is that?
A clear channel building.
The team channel building.
Maybe it's Johnny Dolan.
Could be.
Maybe it's toast.
The real Johnny Dolan, yeah, probably toast.
He's a real ass clown.
His wife is hot though.
Is she really?
He's got a wife?
Yeah.
Posts has got a wife?
He sure does.
Holy cow.
She cuts hair.
Not his, because he's bald.
I haven't seen him in a long time.
The toast master.
Yeah.
You're not missing anything.
I know.
Leroy says I emailed you yesterday about the neighbor, but I didn't listen if you read it.
Well, last night I watched it online from Netflix.
Certain plans you can watch it right away on the PC.
Would you give that?
No, I usually just get to disk.
Oh.
Says well, it was very often Hitchcock style.
Suspensable, but very, very slow.
Yeah, it's slow.
And the funny thing is you look like Rod Stugger.
No, I don't.
No.
The other stupid restaurant chain with peanuts on the floor is red robin.
Peanut shells on the floor.
I don't go for that.
You know, like all you people, why don't you just throw your garbage on the floor?
Anything you're not going to eat, just, just scrape it off the plate and put it on the floor.
Well, before Roadhouse closed, they actually stopped doing that because they said, hey, you know what?
This might be a health issue with all this stuff on the floor and rodents and bugs getting in it, you know?
Pea on the floor?
That too.
Did they at least have fresh ice for you?
Yeah, everywhere.
Fresh ice in the urinals.
You know, there wasn't one, I don't think anybody commented on that.
Maybe they did.
I peed in a cup last night just to see if I'd like it.
You peed in a cup?
A cup of ice, yeah.
Oh, no.
Hopefully a paper cup.
Maybe it was a ceramic cup.
Maybe it was his pollen young wrong cup from my cheap channel.
Alyssa says, just as an FYI for a flea, if he likes French onions soup, guess what?
The broth is beef-based.
Uh-oh.
I know that.
And if you ever want to try ostrich steak, they have it at 17 street fisheries.
I missed that place.
Yeah, this is good.
I think they have bison too.
I haven't tried ostrich meat myself, but I've had the bison in the famous Al Douds buffalo
burgers that used to be here in New York.
They were delicious.
Buffalo burgers are worth a try in your if you're in the neighborhood.
I missed your instrumentously, but flea is doing okay.
You're doing okay.
Okay?
Not great, but okay.
I'll take it.
Here I am below the famous green monster a few weeks ago.
Socks suck.
Boston's a great town, though.
We had a blast.
We went to see the Metz play.
I've worked with a huge Metz fan.
I just went along for the ride.
Alyssa from Long Island waiting for the sun.
I feel like I'm in England here.
Yeah, for the last few days here too until the day the sun is out.
Oh, there she is.
There's Alyssa.
That's Fenway.
And there's the green monster in the background.
Yeah, I went to a lot of games at Fenway when I've worked with Boston.
Because I used to work at Sears in Kenmore Square.
And some days in the afternoon, I would just take off from working to the ballgame.
Like the people in Chicago do.
You see all these guys in business suits all dressed up.
They're taking off from work.
They're screwing off into going to the Cubs game.
To where it should be.
That's right.
Not in South Florida, though.
On those rare days in the summer when the Marlon schedule and afternoon gaming
or like when the other teams got to get out of town early.
Yeah, well, let me tell you, I went to the game last night.
There was maybe 4,000 people there.
Really?
Yeah.
If you count the ushers and the ushurets.
Right.
And the people in the press box.
I'm not going anymore, though.
You're not going anymore?
Right.
Well, I must have been a fun game to watch.
What do they do?
They walk the bases loaded this clown.
And then he walked in three runs and they left them in there.
Yeah.
Including the pitcher he walked with the bases loaded?
The pitcher.
Yep.
I heard Joe Belier can about that.
Whoa, gee.
I like Freddie Gonzalez, but he's not a good manager.
He needs to be fired.
He's a terrible manager.
But that's not the reason why I'm not going.
I'm not going anymore because I'm tired of paying $8 for a beer.
And he mishandles the pitching stuff.
It's just something fierce.
Freddie Gonzalez.
I don't want to get sports intensive, but wow.
When I was down there a month or so ago, I was watching a Marlon game and, oh, brother.
He brought in a guy.
I don't know the names because I don't follow baseball anymore.
But he got tagged so bad.
And he just left them in there and left them in there till he blew the game.
It was one of those games where they had like an 80 run lead.
You know, and they blew it.
You're not going anymore, though, huh?
No, I'm protesting because of your prices.
Well, what are the beer prices?
$8 for a bottle of beer.
Hey, with the money you're making off this show, man, you'll be able to get plastered there by the fourth inning.
Eight bucks.
Eight bucks.
For a bottle of beer.
$12 if you want the Heineken candy.
Eight bucks.
Eight bucks.
Wow.
Yeah.
I don't think most of those sluppers can afford that kind of.
I'm better get the pork ass on the actual testicles.
The testicles.
This is CNN.
A ponet.
It's a present Obama Supreme Court nominee are wasting no time making the case for a sonya Sotomayor.
The Senate Judiciary Committee's top Republican calls for the transgender biologically a boy with a sense of identity as a girl.
Senator Jeff Sessions says Sotomayor has naked pictures of Dick Cheney.
She may also have brain damage.
Eventually, he ordered her to take off her clothes.
You may want to send the kids out of the room before we show you a brief clip.
No more.
I will say no more.
It means.
Trump 45 at 560 W.Q.A.M.
Mary says I've been to lots of red robins and there are no peanuts on the floor that emailer is whacked.
That emailer is like that.
Yeah, whacked.
Peanuts on the floor, my ass.
God.
Alyssa in New York is back again.
Did I just read one from her only seconds ago?
I think so.
Chronic.
She said also just an FYI.
I actually like horse racing.
I know I'm in the minority, but I do listen.
I don't turn it off during the horse racing discussions.
I used to go to the Gulf Stream all the time before they turned it into a racecino and ruined it.
Well, what?
I don't understand.
Is she anti-schlots?
Is that it?
I don't know.
And of course before I move back to New York, I see.
And there's one keyword in her inner email.
Minority.
Right.
I also even went to highly when I first moved down there before they shut it down.
Are they going to reopen it?
Who knows?
I heard something like that.
I'm going to the Belmont since I don't live too far away.
It's a beautiful race course.
I'm disappointed that Philly isn't running, but if you want me to place it by just let me know I'll be having to do so.
I can go to a woodbine and plunge my guts out anytime.
Signing off before we get too horse racing intensive, she said good.
By the way, the idea of playing the stuff on the streaming that you cannot air is a good one.
Please do it.
Alyssa in New York.
She's on Long Island.
I've never been to Belmont.
Really?
No.
That's a prize.
Are you?
No.
Well, why is it surprising?
Because you're a horse race guy.
But it's a thoroughbred track.
But you live in Appendian?
I've been to Hollywood Park in California.
I've been to Santa Anita.
I've been to a narrow-gan set park in West Hat, Rhode Island, I guess.
100 years ago.
Lincoln Downs.
Oh, boy.
I've been to more race tracks that don't exist anymore.
That's what happens when you get to be 100 years old.
Oh, all the old toads down there by the rail.
Oh, my God.
All you old race track.
That's right.
That's correct.
That's why it's not compelling.
Oh, speaking of that, Mel and Kendall says, my buddy and I went to Calderlice Friday.
I'm embarrassed to say I'm 37 years old.
This was the first time going to watch live horse racing.
The weather was terrible.
The track was sloppy.
I love that.
I love when the track is mush.
After the assignment of betting and losing the first race, I was hooked.
I bought the program.
I understood the different types of betting, but there's so much information available.
I finally resorted to selecting horses based on number, color, or witty names.
Before rushing out and spending money on books about horse racing, I'd figured I'd contact
an expert such as yourself for some pointers.
Any advice for a newcomer?
Yeah, keep your wallet close to your ass.
I hope, oh, listen to this.
I hope one day you can dedicate an entire show to teaching your audience about such an exciting
sport.
Thank you for a wonderful show.
By the way, you plan to come down to Miami soon.
I was just there twice within a month and I'm not coming down anytime soon.
And if I am, I'm not going to tell you.
See that as soon as we said that it's a tune out and not compelling right away.
They all want to talk about horse racing.
Guess what?
No chance.
No chance.
See that?
That's called sabotage.
I wouldn't be surprised if your buddy just sent that email.
Jolly Joe.
Bad.
A lady's gut boy is quick and astride and hold that line as whipped in.
And call me inside and these two are nose to nose going to the turn.
Papa free this settles down in their ass.
Papa free turn.
Papa free turn.
Papa free turn.
I'm going to use the big shot gun duty.
Papa free turn.
I'm going to use the big shot gun duty.
Papa free turn.
I'm going to use the big shot gun duty.
Papa free turn.
Papa free turn.
Papa free turn.
Papa free turn.
Papa free turn.
Papa free turn.
You want to get a man up to engage.
Lady is gut boy down to the final furlong.
It's Jackson Ben just a short lead.
A lady is gut boy trying to gut it out down along the inside.
That's the way two to five is supposed to run pulling away at the end.
Jackson Ben will draw off under Jeffrey Sanchez.
Jeffrey Sanchez.
How do you like that?
The guy named Sanchez writing a horse.
And that was pretty compelling.
Not that was the first at Calder.
But since they're one of our fine sponsors that that's where it's at right.
We need the money.
Right.
Yes, we don't care if everybody tombs out.
We need the money.
Oishmoj juice is I agree.
Cajun food is the most wild disgusting form of nourishment around.
Ever been to where they serve it?
Yes, strange people.
The whole state of Louisiana needs a paint job or at least a good cleaning.
Yes.
Watch the movie Southern comfort.
If you want to find out about New Orleans and Louisiana in general, watch Southern
comfort and you'll save yourself.
Oh my God.
Speaking of strange eats ever watch the travel channel with Andrew Zimmerman.
No, he eats and really nauseating food and food and the testicles of every animal in the world.
Says buy buy go flee.
Go flee.
You go flee.
Okay.
Vegas strip to get South Beach themed casino resort.
Owners of the famed tropic canon Vegas and out today plans for a hundred million dollar
renovation next year that will add a South Beach Miami theme to the resort.
Tropical.
I've had some really good days in there and some bad days.
They've got a rubber room.
They've got a high stakes room.
That's where we started pointing the term rubber room with five dollar machines and stuff.
The flamingo Las Vegas already claims to be built with a theme reminiscent of Miami's art deco style
and the fountain blues building a casino which imports many elements from the original fountain blue and Miami.
Is the fountain blue and Vegas?
I guess so.
I'll be damned.
Well, I haven't been in Vegas in a long time.
Well, why not, Neil?
We want you to go to Vegas.
I'm not going there.
The haven't been to Vegas in like six years.
No, you can't afford.
I like you can't afford to be going to Vegas.
Not now.
And a guy like me sure can't be afford to be going to Vegas who's supposed to be expecting to support the whole world.
Oh, you got to come up with a bunch of money to go to Vegas, Neil.
Yeah, sure.
Frankie says add hard attack girl to the pool.
I don't that is it's a restaurant.
It's not a chain.
The hard attack girl is a fast food burger restaurant in Arizona.
It is courted controversy by serving unashamedly high calorie menu items with controversial names.
The establishment is a hospital theme restaurant.
Waitresses, nurses take orders, prescriptions from the customer's patients.
A tag is put on the patient's wrist showing which foods they order in a doctor examines the patients with a stethoscope.
Wow.
The menu includes single double tripled and quadrupled bypass burgers ranging from a half a pound to two pounds a beef about up to about 8,000 calories.
Flatliner fries cooked in pure lard, unfilled cigarettes, beer and liquor and soft drinks such as Jolt, cola and Mexican coke made with real sugar.
Customers over 350 pounds in weight can eat for free if they weigh in with a doctor and a nurse before each burger.
Beverage is our beverages to go orders are excluded and sharing food is not allowed in the free food deal.
Customers over 350 pounds if they weigh in with a doctor and a nurse before each burger can eat for free.
Sounds like a place that encourages death.
Yeah, by their french fries it says deep fried and pure lard.
Yeah, that's what I just read.
You were googling it and I was reading it.
Todd and Hollywood was chronic he says.
I just whooped in so I don't know if anyone mentioned what a burger.
Well, let me tell you this Todd if you would have looked on the pole if you knew a pewter you just seen that what a burger is on the pole.
The never lot of votes.
It's got seven votes not doing great.
He says the only one I've tried is outside Gainesville and it's great.
I was at the sonic somewhere west of Del Rey a few weeks ago and it's also great except I think the kids working there are sniffing glue.
Oh, I wonder if that's on the menu.
Come on and sniff some glue with us for dessert.
We all miss George, but I'm sure he's folding into the wretched refuse of holly.
We're just fine.
It can go cyber and like Elvis and right around Amoslana rusty beach bike all day here and nobody will notice him.
Love your show.
Always monitoring says chronic Todd and Hollywood thanks chronic Todd.
I wonder if he knows Bobby Todd with the Pimpley Bob from WKFR and Battle Creek Michigan WKFR Keener 14.
Well, I was you know that was back in the day when WKNR was running big and Detroit.
You know, remember Keener 13.
No, you don't.
Yeah, you never been to Detroit, right?
I've been there.
But you don't say we're enthusiastically.
I don't like Detroit.
No, what's there to like when were you there?
What year?
The first year of the new Tiger Stadium, whatever it's called.
Oh, so that was what maybe I was in the old Tiger Stadium many, many of the time that that was a great ballpark.
Yeah, it was because of the you set close to the field.
No matter where you were sitting, you felt like you were close to the field.
Does that make any sense?
Yeah.
So that had to be what 10 years ago?
Maybe more than more than that.
Yeah.
30 some years ago, late 60s, early 70s.
No, I'm saying years ago.
I'm saying when the new ballpark opened.
Oh, I don't know.
I think about 10 years.
In other words, you haven't been, if you were in Detroit after 1967, you don't know anything about Detroit.
Right.
Because Detroit pre-67 was a great, vibrant, exciting city, Motown.
Oh, my God.
It was great.
And the speed limit back in those days was 70.
And if you were going 90, the cop would go by 100, like you were standing still.
Dave says the moron who claims to have eaten at in and out on 441 is wrong.
It was hot now, not in and out.
Oh, hot now.
Remember that?
That was Pepsi's,
that was Pepsi's attempt to get back at Coke because one of the fast food chains had the knock Pepsi out and gotten Coke in.
And so they decided to open up their own chain hot now.
There was one on baby road extension too.
There was everything on baby road extension.
Yeah, that could have been Donald's that did that because McDonald's serves Coke.
Was Mickey D's could have been.
Well, guess what?
It's not hot and not now.
That's what the public said to hot now.
Not hot, not now.
It says I've had in and out out West and it's great.
Double, double.
Mmm.
Good part about this is I'm reading all of this.
I'm not getting in the least bit hungry, not even a little bit.
Bob and Carl spring says in and out burgers the best fast food burger in the world, in the world.
How do you like that for getting carried away in the world?
You think Bob has been all over the world?
Maybe.
I mean, you do have Mickey D's in Amsterdam on the dam rack.
Well, there's so many Mickey D's there and then they do a hell of a business who want to know why because all the other food sucks.
Now, you were an Amsterdam, right?
Yeah.
Would you agree with me?
The food there is grotesque.
Food is pretty bad, yeah.
Really, really bad.
Really, really bad.
And why, I don't know.
The only things I liked were the chocolate-covered waffles, but I was really, really high at the time.
You like to eat those.
And?
Well, they were good, but they may not be when you're sober.
Didn't have any Dutch pea soup?
Oh, no.
I just don't understand, of course, the Dutch generally speaking are, you know, slabs anyway, so.
Oh, you can't say that.
Well, guess what I just did.
Oh, me, yeah.
It's the one to do our...
...aah!
...aah!
All right.
You're fair, you like the bone, but there's no smoke.
It's time for your personal, your upset, no waking-bait, no bugs exist.
Not even shake.
You can't deal.
You have to leave.
You go out, or just find weed.
Your money's tight.
You can't see another way to fill your need.
Oh, you try to think of Rooker's school, who used to put...
Oh, yeah.
You almost switched to booze, but your pipe is like the potchent.
Oh, you're gonna have to scrape it, you're addicted to bud.
My eat is wild face, it's you're addicted to bud.
My eat is wild face, it's you're addicted to bud.
My eat is wild face, it's you're addicted to bud.
My eat is wild face, it's you're addicted to bud.
My eat is 60, 90, QAE.
This is just bizarre.
Jason, in Miami, says, I know of...
...it's not your thing.
Duts food probably sucks, but I've never had it.
When an Amsterdam go have a good ethnic meal be one of the best you ever had.
Well what does that mean a good ethnic meal?
I don't know.
Percy says Dutch food probably sucks but I've never had it.
I'll go have a good ethnic meal. The food there blows okay.
Stop try to create the invent something that doesn't exist.
Yeah it's bad.
I mean ethnic meal could be like Italian food or any it could be German food but they
don't have any German food in Amsterdam.
I guess it's still a hangover after WWII.
The Dutch hate the Germans so much.
You can't even get like Kilbasa there a bratwurst.
It amps to them no German food.
The food is abysmal it's abominable it's an insult.
That's why when you see the Mickey D's you see oh yeah that now we're talking.
Oh Johnny Dolan is back in the fake one the real one which everyone in Johnny Dolan radio star.
Keep in mind that RuPaul and old Ron gave away a thousand fifty nine transistor radios with a dial super glued to 105.9.
The keepers had no choice but to log the station with Arbatron.
Well what does that have to do with now?
Nothing.
Half-fleet go to radio shacking you'll have the same results.
Hope you enjoy your new home.
I don't have a new home.
See this is somebody again fishing around fishing around.
I heard me talking about going to a closing tomorrow and about getting the closing price and all this other.
Anything's I'm going into a new home which I'm not.
Everybody out there is a maven expert on my life and everybody else is like South Florida the home of the entus.
There is the president places like Oluzada that carried the light of learning through so many centuries.
Paving the way for Europe's Renaissance and enlightenment.
I wonder if he was holding hands with the king Faisal loved pop.
What whatever his name is Faisal Al Schwartz yesterday.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I hope not.
Too much hand holding with the Saudis means five dollar regal and gas.
Well it's been going up.
Oh yeah.
Thanks Mr. President for those low gas prices and for that very marginal American dollar.
Let me take a look at my BNN.
Yeah I think gas around here now for the cheapest is around 260.
Remember when it was like 360.
Oh yeah.
Oh oil went up to oh that's bad oil went up to 76 68 88.
That's bad news for me.
That means the loony is going to be going back up again.
How come we don't hear from Maria Bartoromo no more.
You think she's tuned us out?
Could be.
Could be.
I'm just waiting for them to show this damn thing on here and it's so slow.
I don't care about the two year note the five year note a fool in his money are soon farted.
Okay.
Oh we understand you've got some money in our bank.
We want you to invest in it.
Take your investments and blow it up.
It wouldn't get you like one half a one percent.
I actually had a call from my Florida bank inviting me to take my fairly large balance and my checking account and putting into a interest bearing account.
Oh 91.01 up from 90 cent 91 cent what that's could be worse could be better.
The American dollar is in the tank.
Several dollars in your tank.
Rich and Orlando says I've voted too early in and out burgers is very good or kickass in South Florida.
What a burger is pulling out of central Florida.
I would have thought in and out would have pulled out.
And the water burger is pulling out of central Florida.
It sucks.
Rich says I voted for Sonic which would do well but in and out is legendary and for good reason.
Went to down the tellers last month it was everything you said it was.
The best thing was that the patriarch shakes everyone's hand thanks them on the way out.
Yes he does.
Yeah the service there is great.
Oh yeah.
That pizza hot of a mint or a fortune cookie.
Yeah they sure fell in love with me when I was on SU in there.
And we stayed for that weekend tampion.
And some of us on the staff went over there and ate there for you know on the house.
Oh my god they treated us like kings and queens.
Those are the IOD days.
I think the goddess must have been there.
No.
No.
Yeah.
I don't remember who always in there.
But I know they sure loved me.
Oh they treated me like I was the king of the universe.
Melah Haul Alam.
Charles and Pinecrest is I love Sonic the burgers are just okay.
However I'm a sucker for tots and they have that they have tater tots.
Oh yeah.
Plus their Sunday shakes I I I I see is it said are amazing.
In an out serve a much better burger.
Um.
A kin to five guys which is out of this world but Sonic is the place to go for the treats says Charles and Pinecrest.
Okay thanks Chuck.
Johnny Rotten says I'm part frog.
Poutine is the greatest thing Poutine French fries cheese gravy.
Haven't it so good.
Love your lots Johnny Rotten.
Poutine.
Anything French you know the French are noted for great food they don't have any.
Food in Paris was pretty marginal too.
That was years ago I wouldn't go back if they paid me by the second.
Yeah my wife hated Paris.
Oh disgusting.
Nasty nasty people smelly people and they threw the garbage on the street on the ground.
You watch them come out of Mickey D's and they take you know the yellow wrappers from the burgers.
Yeah and they just throw them on the ground.
Slabio frogs.
Wow.
Then I was up 31 points.
Obama urges new beginning in the speech to the Muslim world.
You know why the Muslim women were those schmackens over their face don't you?
Why?
Because they're ugly as sin.
If they didn't wear the schmackens they couldn't reproduce like rabbits which they do.
Here in my building we've got we've got future suicide bombers like you wouldn't believe.
Oh you can't say that I just did.
805 votes on the pool.
What restaurant chain do you wish would open a location in South Florida?
White castle 243.
Sonic 140.
Hardies 92.
Jack in a box 77.
How come there's always one under it's got 77.
Just to make me happy I guess.
In and out of burger 59 red robin 51 ponderosa steakhouse 50 Perkins restaurant 37.
And Roy Rogers 24 everybody all single digits.
When do they change the name from Perkins pancake house is nobody used to be I'm sure of it.
I don't know.
You don't remember Perkins pancake house that one on Dale Maybe I'm sure was.
It was kind of like the clock.
Yeah the clock restaurant sure yeah.
Not good but 24 seven and it was another joint where you can eat breakfast like you know all day.
Like Denys like waffle house.
Exactly waffle house smothered covered chunked and scattered.
What is it the hash brown smothered covered chunk and scattered.
Oh.
Yuck what's the big deal with hash browns that's for go.
I love them.
Larry of Hollywood says I can't tell you how much pleasure you've brought me over the years.
How it's during or any of these other national guys can't hold a candle to you.
Well I'm writing to rape about a new ice cream flavor from Bluebell ice cream.
Oh not again not again.
Oh I'm so sorry.
The route of Texas they asked that we just introduced to South Florida about two months ago.
They said they were going to be on their terrific and we had 40,000 emails about Bluebell ice cream.
I've never had it.
I'm not looking for it.
I don't need any new ice cream flavors.
I will tell you why ice cream that I've been eating a lot of lately and I hate to admit it.
Is caramel cone explosion Hagen Dazs?
You got to try their caramel sutra by Ben and Jerry's no.
Ben and Jerry's new flavors all suck God when they sold that company man they just they destroyed it.
They butchered it.
They got a flavor banana split which sounds really great you know Ben and Jerry's you think it would be really it's horrible.
What is an old diabetic like to eating ice cream that's a good question it's like asking me what am I eating these Hershey bars with almonds and toffee.
No really what am I doing eating that killing me.
Anyway Larry says yesterday I discovered a brand new flavor they just came out with called groom's cake.
It consists of chocolate ice cream chocolate cake pieces chocolate covered strawberry hearts strawberry sauce with a swirl throughout and chocolate ice cream icing.
Talk about decadent Neil this is the flavor of the century my brains fell out when I eat it and the ice cream too.
Love you Neil don't ever change Zygazone sizzler in Hollywood well Zygazone to you too okay.
A belated happy Shibuos.
Scott and Phinellis Park says what a burger has just closed all of their Florida restaurants.
And I guess it's it.
Well what does that prove.
There's a lot is our poll proves there's a lot of really great.
Chains out there that just are not in Florida like we were talking the other day about shakies I don't know if they're still in business.
Did you Google it.
No but yeah I don't think they are I will shakies was so great.
Oh my god anyway the pizza was like a different the dough was a different texture than like any other pizza you're ever going to get.
Remember.
Yeah I said like a grainy texture to it.
And there was that one right on Dale Maybe there Westdale maybe.
The real Westdale maybe which is not Raymond James Stadium that that's East.
Bob and Boynt says there's a sonic and Boynton Beach near the mall we've had 4,000 emails telling us that Bob they're going to be doing a
Hello business there's also a Jacobs Delay across from the mall.
Jacobs is like a cafeteria you get in line to order your food of the procedure sucks.
Yeah I agree with that I don't I don't like the assembly line deal.
Finally I seem to be called there used to be a red robin across from Coral Springs a while back in the 80s.
That's all I got says Bob and Boynton Beach.
Jimmy says there used to be a few he means ponder roses but he wrote a few ponderous back in the 60s and
Broward not very good really ponderous.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Come on enjoy today and you'll be proud to say your own better the N. R. A.
One 18 A at 560 W.Q.A. and we got the big old coming along to rock solid.
This one says get on the internet burgers I've had them several times in Palm Springs absolutely the best.
They have the freshest lettuce tomato in Onion ever so that I wanted to move there so Dorothy from Iramar
Hmm and jakey pizza is still around is it not down here?
They went from a three hundred and twenty five stores in the US to only 60 now. No boy, and they have four hundred stores
globally and in 1989 they were sold to a Singapore company. I'll be damned
Where are they?
Where they look you?
I don't know. I'm trying to get the store locations and it keeps taking me to all the Chinese locations
So if you're ever go to Singapore, let me know I can
I will not be going to Singapore. Okay, I want to see a bunch of Chinese and all I got to do is walk outside here
Or get on and get in the car and go to woodbuy and he says ale house
Any of them with a new one on international in Orlando is the best has an open air section 20 ounce porterhouse can't be for the price
1295 also the Bahamian dolphin is great
Well, what does that mean the Bahamian dolphin is great is that a chain? Well, there's ale house here, but it's Miller's ale house
I don't know what he's talking about. I don't think he does either. Yeah, just pretend you didn't hear it. Okay, you didn't hear it from me. What?
What exactly
Here's one with a phone number and no name that says don't forget to tune in tonight for the season three premiere of burn notice on USA
Network filmed entirely in Miami to best show on TV
No no no on the most watch show on cable with nearly eight million viewers. No, I will not be tuning in that show is horrible really burn notice terrible
Does it burn yeah my ass?
Well, this guy says it's the best show in the history of mankind. He's got no taste. That show in the history of the subhuman race
Ishma says how about shaky's pizza and we were just talking about that and Chow King big in California in my country says ishma
Ishma Ahmed
chow king. Do you ever hear that? No. Oh, Andy Roddick, this is from the
CM going down in my pile. So in other words, I'm going backward. Andy Roddick
married swimsuit model Brooklyn Decker. Correct. So this is a crap that I got
about. Oh, your taste is bad. Andy Roddick is ugly. Yeah. Yeah. Rodger Federer,
he's lovely. Yeah. Andy Roddick saw her picture in a sports illustrated and had
his agent contact her agent and then there you go. The rest is in front of being just
like that. Frank says, hey, no, is there any way you guys can put just the regular
commercials that you'd hear on the radio and put them on the stream? Let me say it again.
Frank asks, I've heard Christopher walk in Texas Ranger 20 times this morning and Elmo
with Jaden, they were not funny the first time they're not going to be funny the one
millionth time. Wow. Why don't you try to get George to do a radio show during the
commercial breaks on the stream? He's not doing anything. Get him out of bed. At
least they'll get him to brush his teeth and put on some pants. It says, let's all
thank Flea for that one. What if I stand willing to pay a hundred bucks to do
Flea's job? Does that mean he'll be jobless? Yep. Take it.
Hi, I'm in Rath says, wreck me in for a dream was great on so many levels. The fact that
the opportunity of addiction comes from every direction from the shady either or a skanky
hooker on the corner to the doctor who think has your best interest at heart to the fast
food you're on on every street to the cartoon camel peddling fags to the bikini chicks
on TV teasing you with beer to the rag head selling scratch offs to the cookie eyelid
publics to the slot machine in woodbine to the Starbucks that seem to be everywhere
you turn it's time to get over these useless illusion and petty judgments of the
degrees of other people's vices and whether or not they're better or worse than you.
Let's face it we're all addicts that's correct.
Hi, man. Let's stop being so damn self righteous and accept the world for what it is.
A bunch of flawed souls looking for some more some relief from the monotonous and sometimes
crushing reality of life. I know moderation is the key he says good luck with that. Yeah,
good luck with that is right. I don't know any more than five of those Hershey almond
and toffee bars. You can eat only 10.
Jim says the best thing about in and out burger they fresh cut the fries. Have we had
like 50 of those already? Yeah, I heard David Keranine died. Oh, and this. Well, I'm
getting backed up from way back in the beginning. Gordon says over here in Fort Myers we do
have Sonic hardies and perkins just so you know like in the grand scheme of things it really
matters not. Yeah, that's true just because they got good food doesn't make it a great place
like Tampa. I mean Tampa to me is a horrendous place with just bizarre strange people with
purple and orange hair and green eyes. You know, I don't know. I'd move back tomorrow. You
would? Yeah. Why is that because I love Tampa? What is he love about? It's home. The bizarre
people. Yeah, I love bizarre. The red neck mentality. Well, that's right. You're not very Jewish
anyway. So you know, my defect that there's only like eight Jews in Tampa and like that.
Angry Italians say Basta to Miller light ad. Miller light is caved into the Italians.
The Italians are telling the godfather of beers to forget about it ads poking fun with the mafia
or else a group of Italians angry ads cracking on Sicilian style sopranos lingo have convinced
beer king Miller course to pull down the Miller light commercials which aired on Chicago TV the
Chicago sometimes reported. In one add a character from the sopranos enters a liquor store,
ask the owner if he needs protection and the owner owner points to a Miller light keg and says
he's got all the protection he needs. Another shows the same character Vincent threatening the
asking a bartender if he's a wise guy. We seem to be the last breed in America that add agencies
think they can take a shot at said Lou something Lou Ragu found of the Italian American human
relations foundation of Chicago. Ragu's group help campaign to get the Miller light ads off the
earth threatening he would convince the Italian Americans throughout the country to boycott all
Miller course products. On Wednesday afternoon of last week Vincent said of this week yesterday
he said he was absolutely surprised by the objections. I think both of these groups should have a
better sense of humor. Vincent who has played a member of mafia care a number of mafia characters over
the years. He said he didn't hesitate to all taken on the role in the Miller light protection
campaign. The commercials were designed to run through the summer but Miller course the company
behind Miller light said it'll have the ads down within a week. Basta with Miller light ads.
How do you like that? I wonder how they like the godfather. There was a little bit of a
stink at that time. I remember Joe Dajola was on the today show back in that day. Joe Dajola.
And there was a little bit of a stink about all the Italian American foundation and it's
creates a bad stereotype. I guess they don't remember what Senator Geary said about the Italian
people who are a fine people and so on. Remember that speech before he had to leave to go to a meeting
of another committee. I want to bang in the butt honey. Are you sure?
I said when I grow up that's what I want to do. But now it's run by greedy corporate holes and
soons. That only fair about the bottom. I'm not you. They are a different
power as the wind. Being hard to see. Always daddy pushes friends.
That's open so I spent for you to hear instead.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
if you never tried draft food beer nothing in a candor bottle can come close to the smooth flavor of served in a frosty mug enjoying the show as always is a and w still in business yeah they are they are here they are in Pinellas Park in Pinellas Park yeah well who the hell wants to go to Pinellas Park I can't believe that you wish you could be back in Tampa I move there in a second wow see if you go back to Derby Lane yeah here come swifty here come speedy whatever they would call it
here comes the bunny and there goes your money I love the dog track I used to have a good time there
and then now I'm perfect because I'm an old fart see a lot of old farts at the dog track yeah you blend right in yeah
they should have seen from oceans 11 there too do they really yeah where at Derby Lane yeah one of the
uh what's his name uh Elliott Gould yeah I think his character when they when they announce to bring him
to the movie he's actually at Derby Lane no he makes me nauseous I'll be a gould you don't like anybody yeah
that's right I hate everybody at least I'm consistent or it may have been a reiner rob reiner yeah
lux is I'm confused about something what the hell is a frog and why are they called frogs you know I
don't know I thought that name was just for French Canadians I know French Canadians don't like or
want to be associated with the French from France really they're not the same French people just like
the Haitians are French but not from France most French Canadians are descendants from the Vikings although
it says here the Vikings so back to my question why are they called frogs by the way I was born
and raised in South Florida half French Canadian frog I love the show keep up the great works as Luke
Jean Luke is this guy's name Jean Luke I wonder if he knows Jean Luke Samine getting back to the horse
racing great jockey on the turf they used to say he's jump bet Jean Luke Samine on the green
you ever hear that no yeah don't start with the horse racing crap man I'm telling you not compelling
not compelling Todd says stop you guys know how to beat a dead horse don't you how many more times can
you run the Christopher walking and the Elmo comedy routine only thing that's missing is cocaine
and red bull and more of your bashing of upper management old old old is what it's getting Todd
is listening online obviously and is getting tired all that stuff you keep repeating
mm-hmm old old and then they're going to hobby Todd okay get out of my face
all these people just lashing out you can see them you know lashing at the computer
lashing and thrashing and bashing
Kim says I know it's not a fast food chain but I wish it was here in Florida see why don't we
just do that how about a restaurant from anywhere in the world and you wish it was in South Florida
I mean that's just I don't I don't get it Nick Tahoe's hot and rox is to the best garbage plate
I've ever had well they don't have the garbage plate anywhere else that I know of also oh I
how you like that also I banged his daughter it says I go to Sonics and Lake Worth all the time
the burgers are great but the burgers are something I don't know but the chili dogs one of the best
thanks for all your years here new you are the best well thanks a lot Kim
Chris says charred is good ever had a burger from Don Carter candle lanes back then no
never been to Don Carter bowling alley have you no you know bowl not usually I used to bowl
years ago but long before I came to Florida and Kalamazoo I was in the bowl in three leagues
and wasn't too bad not too shabby here is one that I don't understand at all
what are your least favorite people from the past is resurfacing on the Comedy Central
cable network the infamous DT the skinny blonde kid from Whammy Channel 12 years ago
who is DT do you know who that is DT has resurfaced now as Daniel Tosh with the new show
Thursday nights on Comedy Central the show is called Tosh O which is supposed to be half humorous
look at the goings on in the internet world great just what we need another show featuring
freak videos from YouTube and other supposed humorous viral content they also gave me prime time
special program where he does the stand-up comedy routine I have no idea who that is I don't know
but I found out why French people are called frogs go ahead because it's a dish that they eat I
guess I can't pronounce it yeah and that's just French Canadians it's French in general are like
right frogs yep a few months ago he got to do a few minutes of stand-up on the letterman show
all you can say about the kid hasn't given up yet I don't know who that is I guess I'm supposed to
DT Daniel Tosh never heard of the name I just don't know and you don't either no maybe just
see huh maybe if I see him I don't know sud send an email how do you like that sud just
still out there you're gonna have him on once in a while during the summer time no sud's cool man
where's that you're gonna have him on once in a while if he wants to come on yeah he's cool
he is the audience enjoy he's he's compelling the audience likes it when he's on sud said
heard you're talking about Benjamin button a few days ago I saw it it wasn't awful didn't hear
the whole conversation but the story goes like this Brad Pitt starts off as a hundred-year-old guy
who wages backwards until he's a little teeny baby and then Angelina Jolie adopts him that's cute
that suds for you so you are gonna have you're not gonna have Lucy Lopez on though if she wants to
come on I don't care well that sounds kind of wish he was you to me you have to be a little
bit more affirmative than that yeah but I don't care so you don't care what you don't care about
the show no I do care about the show but if she wants to come on she can't if not then that's fine
to then score okay oh hi min rath who sent that long pseudo intellectual thing before says
requiem for a dream could be a semi biography about my life five years ago the two major discrepancies
as far as I go that I never had the as-to-ass action like Miriam or her butt buddy nor would I
run a self-respecting junkie were out mr reliable the go-to vein to the point of losing an arm like
her he did I've seen that movie many times and I love that nobody sees the happy ending I saw
the black guy tyrone gets off relatively okay compared to the rest of them you never see the black
coming out on top in this case very relatively speaking he was running around naked in that one
seeing their tyrone but he he did okay compared everybody else right yeah I mean Miriam was
prostituting herself to these disgusting gross guys and Sarah she was like oh how do you like
to see where the two neighbors the lady old lady neighbors go and see her in the hospital she comes
out with a hair hair chopped off you know and they're sitting on the bench crying you know hugging
each other and crying and of course like Harry Harry's missing an arm at this point he stabbed that
purple spot one time too many you're listening to neo-boger neo god on the next Oprah you'll be shocked
you'll be amazed you'll be talking about it for the next however long until she shocks you again
Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true today everyone in the studio audience all 276 members
get a brand new liver
everybody gets a new one and tomorrow all 276 studio audience members get a brand new
you viola the next day all 276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper monkey
the next day all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm
everybody get a prosthetic arm
everybody get a prosthetic arm
Oprah giving away great stuff she didn't have to pay for even though she could easily afford to
and next-season everybody in the studio audience get stedmond
everybody get stedmond everybody get stedmond everybody get stedmond
everybody gets a new rectum oh yeah 144 at 560 WQA so what do you got planned for tomorrow
big compelling show i hope so i'm gonna try to be crisp and compelling good with quarters
oh well that won't be easy but you can break him in get him ready for that vacation week
in the summer schedule right guess how many extra days i'm working oh here in the summertime
haven't got no emails yet from your buddy today threatening to call hmm promising and threatening
to call maybe Bruce is still in town no good please keep him busy Bruce keep him off my ass
robert says you can put oh this is hysterical this is exactly what i'm talking about
we're asking about chains that don't exist in south Florida that are you know
popular around the rest of the country robert says you can put bd's mongolian barbecue on
the pullers one in lakeland you get to pick your own meat veggie sauce etc then they stir fry
right in front of your puts bd's mongolian barbecue now maybe it is a chain i don't know we
shouldn't be making fun of robert maybe you ought to google it i don't know we talk about a pit
uh
lakeland
well he's not recommending lakeland he's recommending the restaurant i agree with you around lakeland
oh my god
if you if you look up the term trailer trash if you google it you'll see a picture of lakeland right
next to it
lakeland ooh you're right
not that far from your beloved Tampa by the way
no you start to drive the lakeland all the time to go see concerts when i was a kid good as you
want place that would have shows
and why is that the lakeland civic center but they didn't want any of that rock music in Tampa
oh that's right i forgot about that too many blue noses in Tampa too many right wingers
just like the devil rays oh we got to get that word devil out of the devil rays
maybe that's why they did so good last year because they got the devil out of the devil rays
you think yeah no maybe i'm thinking that could be it the lord works in mysterious ways you know
that's what they tell me lios says there's a couple of a and w's in kendel well good for you and
somebody says there's an a and w in kendel just north of sunsad drive on one seventeen
keep it lights is tea yeah keep it light Neil keep it light that guy's long since dead
all the hateful nasty people from years and years ago keep it light Neil
rages you'll never last six months in this market oh boy all those people are in a box somewhere
matt says i have to agree with all the email love for in and out burger when i lived in la it was
my burger worth choice especially on the atkins with the animal style i know that they pay above
minimum wage hence the great quality and excellent service and if i'm not mistaken they're quite
religious themselves but screw their religious views it's an incredible burger maybe they pray
on the burger baroo khatad anoy buray preah boyger just a question when obama heads out to five guys
dc to get burgers as the food tested that's a good question by the way bd's mongolian barbecue
is a chain see i told you and you're making front of poor robert sorry robert we apologize
anyway matt says i was wondering about that watching the nbc profile of the white house when he
heads out to five guys in dc they get a burger do they taste test the food i remember the queen
when schlepping to make donals one time few years ago she wanted to be one of the common folk and they
slept the queen to the to the miki d's you remember that no not really true story then she had
on her little purse on her wrist and on the whole deal the queen oh marlowe said did you see david
caradena's dead yeah about a hundred hours ago we saw it get out of here god oh and it was
carl rider not rob riner and i'm over here talking about yeah the dad i'm sorry
carl rider funny guy used to be on the steve alan show a hundred years ago with don notson
tom poston luie nigh yeah he's great and what's his name why not what was his name
oh boy he was one of my favorites soon i can't think of his name why not i don't know
i bet your chicken neck with no
ron oh this is a follow up on that fake email we had from great bdl it's the same fake
great bdl it told us we were going to be playing oldies months ago that yesterday gave us that
crap about their moving the show to 1470 to make way for cid did you say the rumored station
move for you was to 1470 am asked to run i've been listening to since around something or so
wdqm is the worst signal of any station i've ever heard you from i work in an electronic
jungle of machinery and over the years of the technology improves in our building your signal gets
increasingly worse sometimes literally depending on which direction i'm facing the squelchiness
is so bad i let out one of those needle screams so yesterday when you spoke of that rumor moving
to a stronger signal at 1470 i thought great no more screaming when i came to see how good their
signal was there was nothing but static i work in the middle of hi lia so you think i'd be listening
range but no i paid my dues suffering through the noise just to listen but if they move you i'll be
suffering not to be able to listen joe belsen asked loud just let you know i'm another generational
listener my dad turned me on to you he used to work at cullter and was good friends with
Freddie feral and micky and sal and the gang your rumours tend to come true suggest in case i want
to thank you for all the great listening years as ronald don't worry ronald we're not going
anywhere over over flees dead body they can't do it anyway they can't you know contractually
they can't do it oh well do whatever we want neo do you'll see okay
reactionary radio host and white supremacist how turner was taken into custody wednesday
after remark searching catholics to take up arms against two kinetic lawmakers in the state ethics
official over legislation being considered in the state legislature regarding the church
he's a popular one time shan handy guest
charge within citing violence
churner who's been identified as the white supremacist and anti-semite by several anti-racism groups
host an internet radio program with an associated blog on twos day the blog included a post that
promised to release the home addresses of state representative michael lawler state senator and
rumored donald and thomas jones of the state ethics office mr churner's comments are above and
beyond the threshold of free speech capital police chief michael phalan said an email announcing
the award he's inciting others through his website to commit acts of violence and his cited fear
in alarm he should be held accountable for his conduct
turner used to be a regular on the shan handy's radio show
when handy said he didn't have an association with turner earlier this year turner wrote
i was quite disappointed when shan handy at first tried to say didn't know me and then went on
to say that i ran some senate campaign in new jersey in fact shan handy does know me we were
quite friendly a number of years ago when handy took over bob grant spot on seventy seven wabc
in the york i was well known regular welcome caller to a show another right wing loser bob
grant four hundred years old liberal blogger john a motto of kirk's and liars highlights turner's
blog posting in which he suggested the lawmakers be made an example of his a warning
it is our intent to full man direct action against these individuals personally the blog stated
these beastly government officials should be made an example of his awarding to others in government
obey the constitution or die or die i'm dying on the hill brother all the religious notes man
they're all so much holier than we are they want to you know kill everybody
cause cause and mills mexican grill it's a small chain says brine i've eaten at the plan
of uh... texas location many times beats the crap out of on the border and other text
mexicans the best deaukradi it's good cause and mills mexican grill yeah
what was their one
i don't remember what i was when i had a memory there
well put your put your thinking cap on by tomorrow you'll know
so i have a great time tomorrow and we'll see in that new studio on monday wow
oh yeah
it's day i get my amitown
here it is here at five six oh
wq a
date nailing is the guy why not remember date nailing
he's the guy
my friends go with me back
good day back in the gas
good day
the day back
cause have to open wider
do you not talk with your mouth full
do you make me sick on the troll
i
like the tea bag you what is that in your mouth
uh
uh
uh
tea back
is a ball of blood
certain things you never expect to come out of a person's mouth
it's
good
what is your ever just keep your big mouth
what's your
can't keep my mouth shut because i'm close to your big mouth
she
goes to her knees
the next thing i remember is having my knees and my ears
the tea
my
go has tubes and her teeth
yes some of your teeth
oh my god
i just i don't have a good feeling about this
uh
uh
uh
uh
can't
come
oh
can't
come
can't hold me
gas now
it's hard to talk and keep your eyes
how about i sit on your kinky face for a while
why you think right there
uh
oh
right
take a little step
shake around a bit
make a new aflip then squeeze
take a little bit
shake around a bit
make a new aflip then squeeze
uh
uh
thank oh my god
i'm on the
bye bye bye
