Bum bum bum bum there as
Wreckum bum bum bum bum bum there as
Bum bum bum bum bum there as
Bum bum bum bum bum there as
Bum bum bum bum bum there as
We're fed up with the crap
It's time to give effects
Bum bum bum there as
Bum bum bum there as
We lose the rest away
To retaliate in white
That smile of the camel
Johnny says Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
Bum bum there as
We're fed up with the crap
It's time to give effects
Bum bum there as
Bum bum bum bum bum there as
Wreckum
Give them what they want
Leave a greasy spot
Send them up to be with
Cookeletra
We're fed up with the crap
It's time to give effects
Bum there as bum bum bum bum bum there as
Bum there as
Bum there as
Bum there as
Bum there as
10-02 at 5.60 WQAM
On Happy Wednesday, May 13th
On Lucky 13th
The first email I got when I came
in here this morning
was from the mole
It says the word on the street
is that's it able to be
George's last day
QAM is in the schmitter
It's interesting how
everybody else seems to know
what's going on but we don't
Right
except for people in the hallway
in the building telling
George, oh it's been
nice knowing you and stuff
like that
Yep
Is that what they've been saying?
Something like that, yeah
Are they going to bring
you a salami sandwich?
I don't know
Very sad
But they wouldn't make an A's on it
When your fate is in the hands
of Norma Cant
your life isn't worth a dime
That's the one thing I've
discovered man
This guy is as impotent as
as a smoothie
So that's what we're
hearing is that the
Georgia will be outed
I mean finished after that
Who's going to replace you?
I don't know
I don't either
When you think somebody would
No, I wouldn't
I wouldn't think anything
of the sort
And the rest of the building
is moving down the street
today is that correct?
Correct
But not us
I don't know
No, not us
Clarence told me no
Your studio is staying the same
until Monday
and then Monday they got
not the ISDN
but some other duhickey
that's supposed
they're going to work
according to George Corso
And of course
with George Corso
it can the helm
not only knows
if they show
or even get on the air Monday
Maybe the show won't be on
this line up on Monday
Maybe they got something else
plan
Who knows
I don't
I don't know
behind the scenes
Who knows
So all we know is that
maybe a two o'clock
somebody will talk to you
or maybe
or not
Yeah
Just keep showing up
Sure
Until they're done with me
Just keep showing up
saying Nora told me
that he sent a letter
on legal letterhead
I wrote him back
I said even on legal letterhead
your letter seemed to have had
a little impact
with these people
Here's the poll
from yesterday
the biggest burden
that I'm dealing with right now
is my job stability
182
We had a thousand and four votes
worrying about George
losing his job
152
We'll keep worrying
real heavy duty
I'm not worried about anything
121
I can't pay my bills
115
my health
110
Trying to find a job
91 my relationship
status 84
How the dolphins are going to do
this year
53 should be your biggest
problem
No health insurance
45
paying for my kids
college tuition
31
I'm losing my home
13 my car doesn't run
7
How's that nifty new car
that they got you running
Runs like a dream
It is a dream
When you're working for these people
everything is a dream
or a nightmare
as the case may be
So I call Clarence
this morning
as you heard
And he said
But a beep
But a beep
He doesn't know nothing
He hasn't seen Joe yet
today
And he told me about
the ISDN
is not going to have to happen
and but a beep
But a beep
And a lot of double talk
A lot of double talk
Hell of a job, Norma can't
Here's one from
Jimmy Good morning
The Olivia
Well that's sweet
That's sweet
Yeah
It's better than hearing
from the mole saying
today is Georgia's
last day
And then if it is
God forbid
But if it turns out to be
Then what are these
doubting tolices
Is going to say
These doubting
eddies and johns
and jacks
Who?
All these people saying
Oh this is just
stick is not
I mean
It's the
Wife
I'm Marose
Haven't got any
response from Norma
can't to my email
Nor did I ever get any
response that he got
from Joe Bell regarding
that very important
letter that he sent
on the letterhead
He is a
I mean talk about
two paper tigers
The two of them
For sure Joe Bell printed
it out so that he could
wipe his ass with it
Right
Maybe he's going to wipe
your ass with it
I doubt it
And thank?
No
Yeah they really fear you, Norma
You're really
effective representative
for the human race
Not
You're useless
as boobs
on a
A
Something
I don't know
I'll think of something
Bowfrug
Boobs on a
Bowfrug
Boobs on a
Boofo
So that's what it will be
Yeah
Boobs on a bassinet
Henry O'Teagh concerned
fans is what has happened to
Mad Dog show
It has nothing to do with
who is leading his
Whenever I switch
over from music I can tell
his material has dropped
significantly
over the past year
He has a new segment title. Where are they now? I would like to ask him where is your show a concerned fan? He's concerned
When I got one last night too from
Where the hell is it from some goofball David and David or something like that here it is David Clark
Subject Ray why
Neil after listening to your show for many years I have to ask myself why would anyone listen to your show now
Why don't you ask yourself that David since I'm sure you're listening right now whoever the hell you are fake David
The show you have now is getting worse by the day in Georgia. So terminal I find myself screaming at the radio boring
Neville you seem so bitter now. I have to wonder what happened to you
Since silly David from Dania PS is getting ponderous having you always ripping everyone for everything
Please retire. No, I will not retire. Please retire. How do you like that?
Please take a big dump on your own head David
Please retire whoever heard of such folder all
Some anonymous jackass out there in radio land sends me an email. I'm gonna retire to make him happy
Just don't listen David very simple ask yourself the question while you listen every day
No, that's why anybody else would listen ask yourself that question the thousand nine hundred and forty six points. It's a grim
13th of May
El Trace de Mayo
bad day
Georgia's getting candle allegedly that's the moment around the building everybody all seems to know reminds me that scene in the godfather
He says concert area of my interior godfather. What everyone else seems to know
Something like that. He said remember yeah when sonny got shot on the causeway
Here's the current poll. Oh, there's Dan abashed the shrunken head
He looks pretty good today actually for her
Maybe they did something maybe they gave her a makeover maybe they bashed her yeah
Who is the most hateful bigoted right wing radio host ever that's the poll question
63 votes already. I just put it on there. Just switch from the other one
76 votes already rushed Bingbangs got 45 Michael savage 19
Sean Hannity misspelled five Glenn Beck three mark 11 three. I don't even know who that is Laura angrihae
One Michael medved and Dennis Miller and he'll you what and Dennis Prager have none
Michael medved is just nauseating with that silly ass mustache
I still don't understand that whole business about guys with silly mustaches
I should have asked rumor that back in the days when I was speaking with him right
Back in the day
Jackie sent this she says I guess Taco Bell is good
Fort Wayne in Deanna official say a suspected drug dealer who led police on a 90-mile on our chasing Indiana was arrested after he stopped suddenly at a Taco Bell parking lot
Fort Wayne police agent Mark Walters says 36 year old Jermaine ASCII Acouper told officers
He knew he was going to jail for a while and wanted to get one last burrito
Cooper was held without bail on four counts of dealing cocaine one kind of resisting arrest by fleeing and other charges fleeing
I think George has been freed a voice
Voice mail mailbox for listing for a Jermaine Cooper and Fort Wayne was full not accepting messages
Police say the chase began Tuesday after officer spotted Cooper was wound on other charges tried to pull him over
And he whipped into a Taco Bell parking lot to get that one last burrito
So
So how do we do this show today?
I don't know
And who's gonna give me the information about what's gonna happen here tomorrow? Who's gonna be who's gonna be sitting on the other end of tomorrow morning
I'm waiting for somebody to tell if you can't flee
Even the inspector of all his strenuous denials. I don't know
I don't either be nice if they would tell me something. It's only my show
You know, not that I have any control over who the producer is or anything else, but right
That letter from Norma yesterday obviously had just dying dynamic impact. I'm sure that I'm sure there's still laughing at it
Well, they laugh at him in general. Have we always said that they just laugh at him?
Hey Norma, they laugh at you man
They think you're a walking and talking and emailing joke
Can't complain about Norma's cloud because you don't have any
Very sad day
Thanks for all your uh stuff for almost what 19 20 years however long it's been
It'll be 19 years in October or it would have been
See, I appreciate you if nobody else does I do
Well, you know
Jimmy says schnit. Oh get out of here. He's just uh, he's a make-believe. He's a wannabe schnit for the pull
You know
wannabe his rush junior
93 votes on there are Russian Michael Savage are running away with it especially rush kill poppin fat ass
Lard ass rush
This is just not the way you do things, you know spread the word around the building
Getting fired by committee or by by rumor
But then again it would have taken a pair of balls for joebell or clearance or somebody to come right to you
Right to your face and say by the way George all these rumors are true and I
Don't come in Thursday or something like that one what rumors
The rumors oh, yeah about your imminent departure
Those rumors
Oh, this is all stick we know Neil. It's just all you guys are making us up right all your people say it's just stick
Send George a thousand dollars every month
That should cover it sure
Bring a new card to his house
All of these things all of these things that was now month 35 in my ear aches
Maybe that's because I'm hearing stuff that's not good
Hello, we understand the fear created by the swine flu
But we at the centers for disease control would like to offer a little perspective
Currently in the entire world less than 50 deaths have been blamed on the swine flu
That may sound scary, but when an average of 207 die each year from heat stroke
It doesn't seem so bad even falling off a cliff or diving into a shallow pool has a higher fatality rate at around 50
Beastings have also provided to be more fatal at 43 per year
So you see there really isn't anything to be worried about in fact
I'm in more danger of dying just by standing next to this busy
This wine's blue you're more likely to be killed by an out of control vehicle
1017 at 560 WQ when we got the big ol at 2 mad dog at 4
Dolphins tonight at 7 one of the worst two-nots in history and then 8 to 11 the de Asia with its cheers
Rudy says today I'll be gone to Europe for a few weeks on vacation
Hopefully George will still be on QIM if not George. We will miss you
There's the first person to say I'm gonna miss you George Rudy
Thanks
Thanks Rudy George is down in the dumps
This is being done so poorly and so
Embarrassingly badly
Badly
But I guess they figured it'll make for a good show, you know something like that who now knows what they think yeah
You're at ass clown Joe
Brandon says keep in mind this is not a shot
But I have to agree with some of the listeners to say that the show has lost some luster
Loss some luster
That's the understatement of the century. What do you expect?
But how on the hell are you supposed to produce a decent show with all the garbage a QM keep stealing both you and George and in George's case
How can George put a smile on his face with firing around the corner maybe
All I can say is just try to stay strong keep chugging along because they know that the end of the line you guys will be the sole survivors
Remember the sole survivors
Know was that song the sole survivor that I don't remember the name of the song
And anyway, there was a song by the sole
So I probably got it in your stuff I packed my computer up so no did you sure?
George packed his personal crap up and put it in the car yep
And is ready for a departure at two o'clock and not planning on coming back. I don't know. I'll come back unless they tell me not to you know
Right. Oh, that's right. Why should they tell me that?
Maybe they're just going to keep us guessing maybe this is part of a game that they want to play great days and weeks
Maybe they're trying to break us. You know what I mean like torture. Oh, okay. Well, I'm a lot of talk about torture these days
Maybe this is the easily torture
We're going to fire your ass, but we're not going to tell you when
And we're not going to tell you Neil who's going to be doing George's job whether you approve or not
Norma seems to have thought that that made a difference you know based on the contract that he wrote which evidently was not worded strongly enough to ensure that I had some control over the situation
But that's the way it always is with Norma but it be but it boop but it be but it boop
Yeah, he hasn't responded to my email yet. I just got to keep checking it every chance I get
To see if just maybe you know you know how they in those movies. Yeah
The governor calls with the last minute reprieve for somebody on death row or all the phone is ringing wait a minute
Don't drop the capsules yet
Isn't that what they do in the gas chamber? Right
They have like sign out capsules or whatever the hell they are like drop them in acid or something they drop them in acid
They're going to drop George and acid by two o'clock. Can I have that feeling?
Clarence said Clarence proclaims ignorance and I thought well. I believe that
Here's one that says I've listened to you for many years and by the way Neil at NeilRodgers.com keep the emails coming today because I've
Didn't need a lot of my very depressed. I'm a roast
I'm psychotic
Especially to have been so ineffectual in getting this thing
Accomplished getting anything done, but then again I relied on Norma can't and we all know that Norma can't
Norman Elliott can't attorney
I
Norman Elliott can't my ass
And when you talk to him you always sound so defeated, you know so like like he's just had a stroke
Like he's talking lower and lower and
You know
How's that agent you got with the chicken neck? Oh, please
You'll be quite used to know although it has nothing to do with you and I'm not going to send you the money
But my social security the first regular payment showed up today right on time second Wednesday of every morning
All good in there
So I retract all the terrible things I said about the social security people and they're right on top of it
And they did a great job and the first one was my mistake
I didn't see it. I didn't look far back enough. They were like nine 10 days ahead of schedule
Whoever heard a such things where's my bonus check by the way clearance
You quizzling you
You fairy
I've listened to you for many years and all the different stations this one says I've never called
But I'm taking this opportunity to introduce you to a relatively spelled wrong new-panded product
Zokai is a panted dark chocolate product that's been proven to reduce blood pressure
lower bad cholesterol and suppress appetite
I recommend you visit the website of msicorp.com
I send this to you for your personal use and not for publicity
If you have additional personal questions regarding the results I've I've seen feel free to contact me
And it's got an email address that I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Himmler. I mean just feel free to contact me
Read clay 45 at such and such. I mean oh
Not a name, you know
That was down 125
Let me just keep checking the emails. Maybe there's going to be a really important one from Norma saying stop the press
Hold the phone
Now these people and again, I'm not asking you for names because I know you don't want to put names
Here is one from Peter is there a photo of Captain Curtis on the website should I bother if you're looking because you want to get turned
On by I'm forgetting Captain Curtis is kind of a he's
Like a neuter kind of guy, you know what I mean like you
He's not hot. He's not cold. He's like lukewarm. You know, he's human looking
Curtis right? Yeah
A South Carolina restaurant employees been arrested and accused of shooting a customer complaint about the service
The Clarendon County. This is Manning South Carolina
Clarendon County Sheriff's Office says 29-year-old Yokeesha Ward of Manning is charged with assault and battery with intent to kill
Deputy say Ward worked at a waffle house restaurant a manning was involved in a fight about 4 30 Sunday morning
The fight started when a customer complained about the quality of service in the crowded restaurant
Ward went to her van to get a gun. He says the 27-year-old woman was hitting the arm and Ward fired as those trying to break up
The fight pointed the gun to the ground and a bullet ricocheted
The woman's name was not released unclear if he had an attorney. Oh, he can get Norman Elliott Kent
He'll get him off so to speak
Terry from Bocus is back in the day when you had real power and cloud in this market George would have been
Would never have been left twisting in the wind like this
And doesn't your contract assure you the final word and you're who is your producer? I sure thought so
Now while George hasn't taken full advantage of learning at your knees
Even he deserves to be treated better than this. I agree with that first. They reduced your salary now George
You better hope bad news doesn't come in threes. I'm just saying says Terry from Bocus
It doesn't come in threes my ass
Oh, here's one. This is good
Charles and Pinecress here's a good one. You're gonna be I mean well, I don't know
I don't know if anything's gonna get you out of the dumpster. I doubt it
And I don't blame him
If I was you I'd take a big dump right on Joe's desk
You think no
Not gonna do it
No
Adam Oshmok your friend over in Kitchener Wattos as if I were Georgia at Smoke of Fadi or two in the studio
Then order a whole Schmidt load of food on Joe Bell's corporate account
The only good thing is whatever station picks up George will be kicking the Schmidt out of QM in the books in no time
Georgia a great talent. I'm sure you'll find something in O times as Adam Oshmok
Then they make you feel a little better. Thanks Adam. He doesn't own a radio station does he?
No
Jason strums is why do you continue to have this guy Norma on your paper? Well, I don't get it
He's obviously completely incompetent. That's correct
This day, which is looking more and more like Georgia's last can only rest on your shoulders
You made the choice to keep this loser Norma employed
It's a real shame. This did not have to happen. Are you gonna fire Norma now?
Talk about job security Norma gets your friend it almost 20 year partner and radio fired. He still has a job
What would this guy have to do to lose his job?
Georgia, I will miss you all the best you and your family when unfortunate and avoidable situation need you
F stuff real bad. Yeah, it's my fault. That's right
Everything is my fault
Gordon says Neil of Georgia's released in quotes could he as family moving with you in Toronto?
If not his family, how about just George he could do your show from
Oh, Barry Jackass with more crap about Bubba loves bunch
What did I tell you? I knew Bubba would have big 18 to 34 numbers
He's big with young punk rednecks
He actually has a sensational show says Barry. I don't care for his show on series 6M
However, two x rated for my sensibilities Norm is not getting it done. You should contact Don Buckwald
Little late now, isn't it
Ned says hey, you remember the good old days before you let George chime in every other word
I think the show will improve and they give you a raise. Oh, yeah, they'll give me a raise
He's taken over the show and I think Georgia's try to run you off the show and take over
Don't be depressed. It'll be better for you with only you. Oh, with only me
There's nobody gonna be doing Georgia's job, huh?
Perhaps you could start doing more interviews like you did with a horse guy the other day Ned
Yeah, Dave Johnson will be back on on Friday. That's the only interview we do
That's the only guest we have on the show anybody who listens already knows that. I'm not doing anymore boring interviews
Maybe we could have I wrote a win-win bag on the show and the what's his name
Done whatever the hell's name is the agent
Drew Rosenstein Drew Rosenstein. Yeah, everyone have him on
Oh my god, neon god
He's a
Nothing but sports on every street to station and right we talk of course
To provide misinformation
A corporate iron curtain to keep you on inform a blanket to keep your brains company and war
A lot of the businesses run by mba as clown who can only read a ratings book upside down
It's easy to be on page three the number one by catering safely to the tragedy
Nobody gets a
Nobody gets a
Nobody gets a
Nobody gets a
Driving in your car with nothing on the end to listen you have to go online to hear what you're missing
It's the error of change everybody take a stand for stingy a guy to do is
You don't care nobody gets a
Except the tooling come at nobody gets a
Nobody gets a
Nobody gets a
Nobody gets a
Nobody gets a
We can't
Why no
1033 27 before 11 at 560 wqm on a depressing Wednesday depressing morbid
maudlin
Dr. Rouse's if George is not there tomorrow. I'm gonna black in the date May 14th and all my future calendars
How can they be so freaking stupid at qa m
Georgia said that we listen is really don't know him at all just from listening to the show
But as self-delusion those I am I feel like George is one of my bFFs
I feel like I'm losing my smoking buddy
George good luck with whatever you do next you'll be missed dr. Rale
Thanks, how wait till you're this one
This this to me might be the greatest idiotic this is probably from john's eTR from Patricia Waters
Subjects stop trying to break friendships
Why are you trying to destroy the great friendship between George and flee you feed on this
You've always sounded happy when something bad happens. Do you have sympathy? Let flee in George alone
Just let them alone. I know you don't care and you'll continue to do your thing even though it's wrong
I've never seen a more stubborn man who refuses to listen to advice. It changed me that you are of the Jewish faith like me
I hope George doesn't get fired not only because I like him
But if he stays you've already built enough and animosity between George and flee
You just won't rest until everyone is angry like you
If it's true that you feed on hate you sir must be full
I've said it before I'll say it again. You have no soul goodbye and please get a cycle of that
The psychological evaluation real quick says Patricia. Thank you so much Patricia
That's what I live for is to break up friendships like between George and flee
So what's flee saying today now now let me ask you this
I don't want to mention any names because I know that you don't reveal your sources
I don't know why not because if you're really leaving anyway what there is a man
Because you know how it is no that's you my
I know someone and that's my style so what is it that these people these unnamed people have said to you this morning
The same thing that your mole told you word is that today is George's last day really yeah
Well then somebody must know who's going to be here tomorrow morning yeah
And so go ask them
Maybe you need to bring flee in there again like we did the other day. Okay
Bring that child in there again. Let's see if I can't break up your friendship. Okay
I'll be right back
Okay, George is going to get the flee take the bug spray with you
Wow
Thanks Patricia for your heartwarming
email
bitch
You'll never be happy like yeah like I've got something to do with the George and flee's relationship and with the fact that George is getting canned
And that evidently flee is going to take his place
That's me oh heath I thought I had blocked heath here's one this is why isn't George fighting for his job
Well, he let me ask you this what would you like him to do
What would you like him to do that he isn't already doing go I have a fist fight a brawl in the hall
I'm doing my job to the best of my ability that's right. He's coming in every day showing up his flee coming in
Yeah, I'm here
Oh you are there yep
Okay, now obviously you being very very tight with upper level management there you know something
I know that I am officially on standby
A standby to what to do the show to do the show
You mean instead of Georgia instead of me I'm guessing instead of George instead of both maybe
You're on standby yep
And what does that mean that mean so in other words it has been discussed with you that you're on standby that yeah
That has been discussed beyond standby to do the show if you have to
Um, I know you don't believe it
But there's been no talk of any money any deal. Well, maybe there's not going to be any money. There might not be there probably isn't
One my reward is that I probably get to keep my job
So in other words you're going to do George's job for free for nothing
Uh possibly as of right now that is a very good possibility yes
So in other words when I come in tomorrow morning, it's a positive distinct possibility
You're going to be there sitting in that chair it is possible now one thing I will say about you you don't come in as early as George
I which is okay he does
He's just in the other office doing his other jobs
You don't come in the studio as early as George. I'll be in the studio as early as you need me. I usually get here around eight o'clock
Eight forty is fine eight forty five okay
In fact, maybe I can sleep in a few extra minutes would be nice when he gets to be old and dotting like me
Now is this going to break up your friendship with George you know not on my end obviously I mean and uh you know I
I don't I can't speak for George, but not on my end either. Well there you go. See there you go Patricia
You bitch you heartless nasty
Sal
Wow
What a Sal
Maybe if we saw Patricia we'd say wow, what a cow. I don't know
Maybe but you know me. I have no soul. I'm evil. I'm an evil person. I'm
Revelling in this I'm nauseous. I want to vomit
So you're on standby that sounds like an equivocation to me. It sounds like you're you know
I don't think they're keeping me quite in the loop as you think they would because I'm so close to George. I see
And since you're so close to them now clearance tells me that everything's going to be copacetic for Monday when the show starts um
What I hope I don't know that's an engineer. Oh you hope he's laughing
Well, you know
You know, he's not gonna ride our engineering long enough to know
That's a hysterical joke
No, because you're not you're not definitely finishing that thing with putting the ISD in line in here
The guys came and put the wiring in here a couple days ago
Right finished the wiring to make it possible to get the ISD in line in here
But clearance is of course so told him it's not necessary. That's what I heard. Yeah, but I'll wait
That's because I was sitting there talking to Josh when you called him
Really yeah
Tell me better get his resume ready
Oh
So you're gonna take his job too. I think you already have you're the program I said actually I said we should all to have our resumes ready
really
Yeah, I think he's out. I think what's his name is replacing him. What's his name the guy from kiss
Ken Bolson no, no, they're guy that used to be a full CD Bob
Okay, Bob. Okay, very good. He in California. He is. I don't know. I don't know. I think he's out in LA doing stuff
He's out. He's out. I didn't know he was in
So I don't we cut the crap. Okay. What's the story? I mean, you know, you're good friends with George
Why don't you tell him right here on the year what you know? I
Tell him what I know so don't let me ask you this
Don't you think that I being the host of this show and having been on the station for 11 and a half years in the market for 33 plus years
Don't you think that I have a right to know who's gonna be producing the show starting tomorrow morning? Absolutely
What was that absolutely I see and
And it could be George and it could be me
That's what I know man. I mean, I wish I could tell you more, but I don't know more
So the reaction to Norma can'ts letter on it on chron legal letterhead yesterday no less which was supposed to be very impressive for me
The reaction was damn. Is that correct? I guess I didn't see the letter out. We heard about it on the air. Mm-hmm
I don't trust no on a canto either
What do you mean by that? Well, well, what does that mean? I don't know. I don't trust the guy
In what what what what what does that mean you don't trust him to do what to be competent. I know that yes
I mean all along I've been under the impression that I have the right to choose who's gonna produce this show
I've never had any doubt in my mind about that
So I've always been sure that no matter what kind of cock I they put in George's
Individual contract that I had control over that evidently not
I
Gets not I've never seen the contract. I don't know. Well, why not you see everything else in that place you're on the inside of everything
You are the mole the mole and the flea
We are the same you better hope the clearance don't have a big can of bug spray sitting on his desk
I wouldn't doubt it you're listening to Neil Rogers. Well, here we go again. I'm on your threat
Later 560 Q a
This patient stands for nothing
That's real American A-hole
We salute you misinattentive cashier
Sure people are in a rush standing there as you can stakingly stumble and fumble
Searching for the UPC code and even the most mundane advice
You can hear them swearing at you under their breath, but you don't care
You'll bake the same 535 an hour whether you work hard or not
And if a price needs to be checked you'll wobble out from behind your register now to be seen again to the end of your shift
If there's come you'll snap it if there's a cigarette you'll smoke it and if there's a story
You'll tell your coworkers before ring up the seven people in line
So we salute you
misinattentive cashier your eyebrow ring your snuggle to and your smoke
You are a real American A-hole. Okay one moment please. I'm finishing printing out these emails
Okay, please still air and he'll leave
Hey, Loth
Well, that's good. He's got a lot to do
Yeah, he's got 15 different jobs. He's got to do
Add a motion mocking forms me that they tamble
Tumble tigers are planning another protest today the Sri Lankans
If you see someone you wait a woodbuy and tell your cabbie to run on the f over
I'm not going to be going to woodbuy
How today I've got things to do
And I guarantee you one thing. I'm not that this makes any difference
But I'll guarantee you a dantia that I'm not paying normal camp one more percent
Not one more cent for normal camp
Oh
Well, I know you're going to send me another check. I was sending you a check for what
For services not rendered for failing and falling down on a job again
And for being totally uninvolved while he's in federal court. You know, he's a very important guy Norman Ellie of Kent
reminds me back to the days in iod when a certain
nameless talk host who's vanished into oblivion
Used to always be schlep in him on there. Oh Norman Elliott Kent says this in Norman Elliott Kent. Yeah big big
Macia big simous
When I speak to him he always sounds defeated and you want to know why because he is right good guess
194 votes on the new pool who's the most hateful bigoted
Altar right wing radio talk show host ever
Rush limbaugh 104 Michael Savage 48 Sean Hannity 16 Glen Beckneyine Mark 118
I have no idea who that is
Laura angry ham seven Dennis Miller one you you at one. I wonder if he's keen to foster you at Michael medved and Dennis
Prager have none Michael medved should be get a lot of votes
He's nauseating and the mustache is even worse
silly people with silly moustaches. I don't I don't give it ask rumor
Maybe rumor will hire you to book some hockey shows
The pressed Andy in western says this is very upsetting about what's going on with George 19 years ago
I had a sunny group with you and George
Like my son George and you have become part of the family. I'm not a praying man
But I do pray that George doesn't go you guys are a team
It just wouldn't be the same without George. Thanks for all you do. Thanks for all you do George and have done welcome. Thanks
Thanks for all you do do
And why doesn't George fight for his job? I mean, well, what does that mean?
It's my fault. It's your fault
Normus fault now that that's that's a little bit closer to the bone
You
Never get another another dime even a Canadian penny out of me Norma
You idiot you fairy
But he did send the letter on on legal letterhead though
He emailed it on legal Kent and Korma can you know
Kent and Norma can
Roberts is thanks for the memories George
I remember the first time I heard George doing summer Phil in talking about one of the backstreet boys being in the building
To him having a fake Palestine princess on and taking one hate field called after another do you have a fake Palestine princess?
It was a real Palestine princess. She was a US
specifically and is really and Israeli female talking about the issue over there by the way
Dave Johnson just called
confirming for Friday
Great thanks Dave and the Phillies in there are what what's your name the Philly? I don't know
The great Philly and what's his name is going to Kevin Burrell's probably going to Rachel Alexandra
Something like that
Says it's just plain dumb to let go of a talent like George
They might as well just buy out your contract and be free to do whatever you want good luck George
You can always do better than QAM
Yeah, if they want to buy out my contract write me a big check. I'll send you your a year's salary
Thanks
If I had it and if I was still making what I was making last year and for the previous several years before that
I would also take care of your salary, but I'm not
Where's my bonus check gosh dang it
I
Sfully where my bonus check is since he's in charge of everything now, but she's in charge of accounting too
Not yet
He's working on it
Here's one that says here's why I don't feel sorry for George for some of you people are heartless bastards like that bitch Patricia whatever her name was
You have no soul deal you're breaking up a great friendship. What the hell if I got to do with it?
I'm breaking up their friendship didn't sound like it to me
Nope sounded to me like even though your good close personal friend is stabbing you in the back and taking your job and
You know telling you as little as possible
It sounded me like you guys are still buds still that be hanging out. I'm always nice always
To a fault no matter what
It says so the maybeary mafia strikes again july joe and his band of redneck thugs are sending George out into the cold heartless streets
All I can say to that is congratulations George
I'm sure he'll be picked up in no time by a real radio station with a real general manager a real program director a real direction and no sports
The near Roger show will always be great
But without judges and put it will never be the same that is correct
Especially during the summer
I'm not looking forward to the best of tapes. I'm sure they're dusting off the 10-year-old shows about alien as I write this or the alternative flee in his gd vegetarianism
Really if anyone is to be pitted here. It's you Uncle Neil um
The i'm sure the money is fine what these inbred backwards credence have done to you you're showing your legacy is criminal
That's correct criminal what they've done to the show
Parents especially Joyce bitch and Joe should die in a fire long live Neil long live George long live
Something me just because and everyone else in that building can
I can't read it
Make something up. Well, I can't read it. There are words that and in you see K. You know I say this is from
Debok Shmy book
Debok Shmy book
Probably kin to Mashi Pific
That was done 140 points. It's a bad. It's a sad day. Well, that's one of the things
I lost the wood by yesterday. They're not paying they got those machines tighter than the sneered rum
They're not paying
And anybody who tells me that they don't run programs on those machines if they're if they're in progressive
Uh
Groups of machines that are tied together. You know like swiele fortune or whatever the same game they they run them on computer programs
Once in a great while they'll run them like wide open and they'll be paying like crazy and everybody's winter all kinds of stuff
Most of the time they'll they run them on slow cook
Oh the machines are on slow cook today. Let's go play quick hit. Oh those really stuck yesterday bad lost
I shouldn't know it was gonna be a bad day today
Should have seen the handwriting on the wall like Daniel in the lion's den
Wasn't it Daniel saw the handwriting on the wall that was him and what did it say by Ruhatar and I
Cox a hoist
Yeah, that's my message to you joebell Cox a hoist
The day that he was cleaning up
Feces in the hallway that was perfect for him
He was born to do that
Born to be vile
Georgia and says you know Joe. Joe. Joe. Jan our good friend
Yes, she says wow man. I can't believe this is happening. What a bunch of holes. I'm sure George
Sure, I speak for most of us when I say you rock when you feel then I'm really sorry for you now your wife is really gonna have to get a job
If this happens good luck to you please leave as an email address to keep in touch with you
But you already got the email address correct. You're gonna continue
Confedulating with some of the people yes, I will and
With all due apologies. I'm getting a lot of really nice emails today. Yes, that I can't reply to
Yeah, he's not gonna have time. He's gonna be you know pounding the pavement looking for a computer
Oh, that's right then how do you know you're getting all those emails?
I get them on my phone
I cannot read them but for some reason I can't send something's wrong. I got to do something. I don't know what yet
My phone is uncapacitated
Thank you. Thank you everybody
Okay, here is I even got an email here for my close personal friend in roommate John. How do you like that?
Remember when John used to bring you all that music from Europe? Yeah, I like to take no crap and stuff. I've always been he's chiming in
He did tell me yesterday that they were gonna have
Here's one that says Neil if they're in breach of contract and get your lawyer or new lawyer go after them and head to woodbind till they're ready to follow your contract to the letter
Well, you know, I'm like getting no reply from Norma can't
Maybe I have to call him like they did the other day in the middle of the show
Okay, I'll tell you remember that sure
Stephen Kendall says his hymen Roth says this is the business we have chosen
I wish to thank George for the service. He is rendered in the public at large
He could go the route of going to another radio station, but once since radio is becoming more and more
Absolute. I hope he doesn't as the sequence of events is doomed to transpire over and over again
Start your own business the big money is in belly dancing. So George draft your
Slacker wife get a bevy of ho ho haz and sit back and count the greenbacks
I'll buy you a nice pimped hat best regards Stephen Kendall
Okay, let's see what advice john's got he said remember I told you yesterday that WQM would want to have George's job done for free
They simply rationalize that these certain people are neat are there for the full day anyway
So they just change your job responsibilities and rationalize the know for the pay is needed
They would tell flea it's our way or the highway
What's legal to do about it? You don't have as much power when you're low on the food chain
What a bunch of ruthless parasites running that corporation. How do you like that ruthless parasites like insects like please
This is the neo-roger show
This is your brain
Any questions
Hello, California. I'm here today to talk about important legislation on my desk
The legalization of recreation and marijuana. This is a very hot topic on the one hand
Marijuana is known to be a gateway drug to steroids and pharmaceuticals of this nature
On the other hand to smoke a dubey there is relief and comfort with the inhalings and the laughings in the eating of the
Furnions and the chakadayas with the long sexual inter courses and the delayed ejaculations
Along with the rentings of the visit as he has us with the pink fluids and all of this
On the personal note I used to pump my own stones back in my body building days and let me tell you all of the rates feel so light
Like cotton candy or pills of laughing natural breasts and things of this consistency
Okay, that's it for today. Thank you
11.01 at 5.60 wq. M. So I just checked my emails. They're the hot mail to see if Norma can't reply to my
Cost to email nothing
Nothing from Norma. Maybe he's in federal court being a big shot
Maybe dot the eye and shot
He makes me nauseous
Well, but a beep but a boop but a bop well, Neil well
John says if they ask George's a long time listener, I will boycott all other shows on this station
I thoroughly enjoy George's participation in listening every day doing your absence
I know George will land on this feed because talent cannot be denied denied for long good luck. You'll be missed says John
You'll be missed
Thank you good luck
Rasta Paul says let's not make lighter George losing his job. It's not right. I've lost numerous clients last couple of months at the
Bong factory and it's a scary situation out there for many people you dig
Let's all help each other and start to form a lovely cadence in the world. Mom stop the hate
Of course the interesting thing about all is George hasn't been fired officially
They're firing by rumor right maybe they figure if they start enough rumors around the building
Oh, you just won't show up tomorrow. Uh, okay. No. I don't know. Well, not okay
No, I'll keep showing up till they tell me not to
This show has brought us all together. We have Neil to thank for it
Yes, we kidn't joke on each other. Yes, we poke fun at some but if anything mom this show has taught me to accept my false and accept others
Thank you, George and Neil Ross to fall 420 420 my ass
I
Talk about a one note Charlie
Lissette says hey, Neil
I'm so sorry to hear that George is getting fired for no reason
Well, we think he's getting fired, but they don't want to tell us
I can't believe this is really happening. Please. Is on standby
I love your show just the way this it's going to be strange without George you two complete each other on the show
Just like Howard and Robin do in a hard search show. I just wanted to wish George well
Let him know he'll be greatly missed Joe and Norma suck says Lissette that is correct. I'm sure about Norma and maybe Joe too
They suck
Anything else George but if you're if you're if you're Robin I'm supposed to say anything else George anything else
I found Robin I'm supposed to say
Every time you say something really
Yeah, that's um
What's Angela Ray?
What a simple to net. It's all I've ever heard from Robin Howard would tell the time. She was the funniest time check I ever heard
Anything else Robin?
Inges is I've lived in South Florida for 15 years. I had never heard of this radio station until a year or so ago
When somebody told me about Georgia show at the hard rock while you were out for the summer
I hope the reason for Georgia's possible dismissal tomorrow is because the station managers giving George his own show
oh yeah
Hopefully long into play some of his eclectic music one can only handle Leonard Skinner and Peter Frampton on those FM stations for so long
I listen to the entire show daily my business after two PM at 10 p.m
South Florida radio is so behind compared to Northeast stations
The neo-Rodger show with George reminded me of some of the Philly stations. I listen to before I move to here
So what is it am I listening tomorrow or what? Inga. I don't know. It's up to you Inga
Don't leave me in the lurch just because they're screwing over George. Don't just leave me a hang me out to dry
Oh, it's your fault if you get a real lawyer
If I get a real lawyer who who might that be how about that goofball that you got me in test with you?
Yeah, make fun of other lawyers when you got norm
Maybe I should just send him an email saying goodbye
You failed again screw you. I'm not sending him any more money
In fact, I wish I wouldn't have sent him that first check. I would rather have sent it to you
Yeah, I could have used it
Here's one from a phone number. It says neo-Rodger you can still save little George's job. Please just get yourself a real lawyer
Yes, you know, that's part of the problem is they just laugh at him
I've been getting a lot of emails from people proclaiming to be lawyers saying
WTF there's lots of things that a lawyer could do. Why isn't norm doing any of them?
Although he acts like he's always working for the other people that's way as always
Seemed to me whenever he was supposed to be doing something for me. All he ever did was explain the other person's position to me
I'm a dialing right now dialing normal camp
I
Am I crackberry let's see if she answers
Norma can't yes, I'm on the air you're not on my crackberry
I
Tapping up a letter saying what?
Saying I want some more I want more money
What are what are my legal rights?
Counselor what are my legal rights?
Yeah
Mm-hmm
Right
Well whoever else they put in there I already told you whoever else they put in there. I don't agree to
No matter who it is not personally business. Yes
Yes
Still meeting deadlock
Yes, mm-hmm
Yes
Thanks for this stalemate it's the station's wrecked to act all the turnt
Asking for somebody in there
So we're gonna go to court is that what you're timing?
Mm-hmm
Well my feet are planted firmly on the ground unlike you who has at least one foot several feet off the ground
I've got both feet firmly planted on the ground
It's insulting and unnecessary
Well, it's it's a joke it's a joke lighting up a little bit Norma
Lighting up
Yes
Mm-hmm
I don't consent
I don't consent to flee or anybody else being the a producer. What's it's not the host? It's the producer get it right
Yeah, and they evidently are on it. They're unimpressed. They're unimpressed even by your letter yesterday on legal letterhead. They still are unimpressed
Well
Well, they don't have my consent and they aren't going to get my consent
Come hell or high water. They don't have my consent
Yes
Tell them again
You're in the front
Correct
Okay, well let's do it because the way they're doing this is on acceptable any kind of subhuman standards firing somebody by
By rumor in in you window and not even doing talking directly to him
Well, what kind of way is that to do business?
I
Never saw that I never got anything from you saying don't discuss this on the air
Correct
Well, please communicate to the that to them immediately if not sooner
Okay
Bye
You hear any of that I didn't hear his unknown just didn't hear any of it
So we just had what five minutes to do there no you I heard your side of it. Oh
Didn't hear his side no
My
Background there well according to something that he claims to have sent me out over the weekend
Jill would have preferred we don't discuss this on the euro. I never got anything tell me that
Okay, and you got one like that from him. Yeah
He would prefer we don't discuss this on the air and
Well, maybe we wouldn't have discussed it on the year if they talked directly to you if they get or you or anyone
Yeah
Or told us not to discuss it on the air Kimberly says too much stress for the employees with all this going on
Just get Joe Bell in there like the old days and get to the bottom of this. Oh, yeah, we're gonna get Joe Bell in here
You heard you heard what I said and I've told him this all along and that is that since I get to select a producer on the show
And it's by mutual agreement both parties have to agree
There is nobody else other than you that I'm gonna agree to whether it's fleeing. It's not personally. It's business
It's personal in Georgia's case because Georgia needs a job
And George deserves the job
Oh, Ray D heaven heard from Ray D in a while a dying industry he says they're destroying what is left
It's a sad state of affairs George. You've been a walk edition of the near-rider show will be missed
This is almost a Monte Python black night parody with body parts being chopped off
Neil get all you can from them and leave the carcass for the buzzards. They will buy you out. I'm guessing
Okay, great make an offer buy me out. They will not
Course not they won't give me five set not to work bastards
They're probably feverishly working right now on my contract to find an out
This is the this is the nature of the business we have chosen
Everybody's getting screwed everybody's getting canned everybody's getting cut
Except of course the management types
Because they're always the last ones to go
So what do you make of that? He was in the process of writing a letter to mean norm when I called him
Yeah, and then and it's typical humorless way when I said something about him
Not having both feet firmly planted in the grime that that was insulting and unnecessary or some crap like that
grow up here in Norma
Stop being so thin skin
Well, let's do the break let's get the spots on
We go again
Come on
It's big oh show big oh show
Yeah, we are one and I understand that many of you are in danger of losing your job in home
If it hasn't happened already
So I'd like to turn your attention to the Denver nugget hey
How about those nuggets? I prefer to call them nuggets. I like to get candy
New get candy comes in many different forms my favorite music looks like cake that they have to chip away
A piece for you to put him in now. Yes. Yes, the Denver music
I'm going to take a few moments now to can't complete my buddy button. Yes, I threw my nose
Oh, we got a car here big oh hello
You're fat and I don't want to be your friend. It's sepless. Why do you crank my show?
A show indeed. I didn't hear one reference to Obama being the county pink oboe
This is a sports show we bleed sports here in fact I'm wearing a tampon right now
To be a sport hole is to be a crazy right wing
Hey sports is my life not you
I care deeply for my family and if anything happens to them
My primary concern would be blame-wraith muscles fasm
That's just how much I love men in short pants and knee high socks
sir
I refuse to offer you my carton of wine. You should only choke on that poison
I hate you. I hate you too. Hate you
Push reminds me I haven't heard a word from Jimmy syphilis today. How do you like that? I guess you don't care about you
Yeah, and you were like I guess he's small potatoes
So Norma said this enormous said better be put a boop but a ba ba ba ba ba ba and that's unnecessary in the cruel and the audio
Hey Norma you fairy
silly person
So we just basically reiterated what he said all along and of course they haven't fired anybody yet
Right it just dawned on me during that last whatever that bit was I played it just dawned on me that we're fighting
fighting against a firing that hasn't taken place yet only by rumor in any window
right
You're still there as of the moment as of the moment and still on the payroll as far as we knows
Here's one from somebody you should do for George when any self-respecting person of the liberal persuasion would do
Create an entitlement for dear George simplified out how much dildo joe bell will pay him and you fund the difference
That is it spending is the way of the future baby. It says yeah, that's right
They'll pay you ten grand a year and I'll pay the rest for some
Idiot of crap like that not gonna happen. I can't afford it like I said if this would have happened last year
No problem. I would arritting a check for the full amount whole year
no gods
There's two gods and in my cases no gods
Can't do it pali
Then maybe that's what they're counting on maybe that's why flea is on standby maybe this is like um a big joke
No, not a big joke, but like how far can we push this and still get away with it?
And maybe the old fag will like you know pony up a big chunk of Georgia salary or whatever
Or maybe the old fag will just get up and walk out
Which isn't gonna happen
And believe me if I had the money to pay you your salary to cover your income. I would I'd get up and tell him to stick it
Oh, Joe would prefer this isn't discussed on the air. Well where the hell was that norm? I don't see that any of your freaking emails
Any of your name be pambi wimpy emails. I don't see that
See this is the way all these things go behind the door and up the road and down to grandma's house and up the vineyard and all
This other crap but nobody ever talks to us directly
Everything is by any window and well Joyce is this and Joe says that and yada yada yada but nobody talks to us
We're just a pion so they pion us
Joe says
High-neil in Georgia. I've always tuned in to hear the show whether it's Neil or Georgia on the year
The best of Georgia shows where the ones involving what the Bible is really above and when a dumb angry
Christian would call an only to be put in their place by Georgia's Bible knowledge
All of this time spend criticizing the management there is justified with even the thought of splitting your successful pairing
The only reason I have ever listened to iod in q amp since 91 is to listen to Neil show
If the days of the old man and the Cuban are coming to an end then I'm changing my name from Joe to mo
No mo jolly jose is Joe
He's changing his name from Joe to
But oh
My insides ache
You know what I mean by that? No, what do you mean my innards ache
From the stress maybe that's what it's all about me. I feel great
Dude do they know? I don't think so
This is a hell of a way to terminate a loyal employee somebody who's a valued part of this show
Someone has been here for like you led longer than I have you started there or before I did I was still getting paid off by paxon
When you were doing production with a bunch of goofballs who wouldn't know what cart from their ass seven months of bizarre surreal
crap. Yeah
You know
George streepy in Orlando whose chronic says in our tough economic climate
It's worth reminding ourselves that losing a job might not be the end of the world sure it never feels good
But for these well-known folks getting the mo getting the boot from their gigs pro. Oh, and it's got a thing here's
Sign filled and this one got oh god
Go away streepy
You're creepy
Slim says oh, this is Barbara
Barbara or slim. I'm not really sure
Flea is a sneaky creep a career in near-to-well
He is a long history of ingratiating himself of management
He's a suck up and utility. It's fail to see it nice work. You're slipping uncle Leo
Now I'm not slipping did I say that they were joined at the hip
Watch your back with this backstabber. He's not the nice guy. He pretends to be his slim
Somebody who evidently knows your close personal friend flea
And if you really believe that there have been no discussions between him and jolly joe about this
pending
Butchery that's going on if you really believe that then you know, I'll say you have to work in bridge for five bucks really
I got five bucks. Okay
Well, if you got five bucks. Let me let me go a little higher eight bucks. Yeah. Okay, sold
Soil American LSMF feed lucky strike means five debacle soiled American how much for the other half?
Do you have a
An auctioneer on there
LSMF tea lucky strike means five debacle soiled American whatever that means I don't know
Assure missed the days of the faggot spots
cigarette commercials man
Winston tastes good like a cigarette there Weinstein taste good like a cigarette should those are kosher faggets
The most hated bigoted right wing ultra right wing radio host ever rush to them by 147
Michael savage 63 Sean handed to 20 Glenn Beck 11 after that small tater single digits
So Norma's writing them a letter now don't you feel a little bit better? Oh, yeah, like an iris center. Oh, yeah
Because he's a real go-getter, you know a letter saying what I don't know I'm shaking my fist over here. Do you see it?
He's saying he's reiterating what we've already told him and that is that since the selection of the producer for the show
Has to be by mutual agreement and there was never any debater to you know argument about it in the past
That I have to approve if they stick somebody else in there and I do not approve a flee or anybody else they're gonna put in there
The only producer I approve of is you that's what he's gonna reiterate when she's already told them
And of course since they haven't canned you that you know it's still up in the air right
This is the worst and the longest and the most awkward firing in the history of the subhuman race
And only this company only the beeslees could pull it off like this
Yeah, and this morning when I call clearance he gave me but a beep but a boop but he don't know this he don't know that he don't know of course not
Well, one thing about him. He's consistent no matter what you ask him. Yeah, he don't know he does and I believe that
He knows about you
Floridians dumb as dirt
Where the moth was go to hang from trees and play banjo you got some
Oh a station on newfang old radio
Now as norris
Caroline that goes
Rolly's a big city and oh and that's where the beeslees had to go for jolly Riley Joe you fairy
A new jam
He'll do what he can
Shake your hand like a friend then quickly walk away
They have joes go to five six oh with ratings and the toilet bowl to get those
Playings for full moes and order and control and then so
Jolly Rolly Joe of a killer and in the note he let's move go and here's what blows it's gonna be
You make a big change
And real range
It's worse for the same
He hasn't done a thing
For what goes
Joe don't have a stinkin clue about a four
Not that essentially blows for all radio oh my god the gm of five six oh
Jolly Rolly Joe
1131
Now you see if they didn't want this discuss on here. Why didn't they communicate that to me?
Or me. I'm here every day. So
That's right me too when I'm not sick because you know me they're worried about my health
Mary says I haven't been listening for a couple of weeks. What's happening? You're not happening to George cutbacks a QAM question mark cutbacks Mary are you kidding me?
They're slicing and dicingly got the romp appeal vagimatic out. They're slicing and dicing everybody
Cutting salaries eliminating salaries they put Ken molten and early grave
Other than that they're doing grave
You
Mike says I think George has a case to sue the station for emotional distress
What employer heirs duty laundry over the earth who have employees stress on a daily basis regarding job security
That's why management didn't want this on the air George get a good attorney and the tapes. Oh, says Mike
Get a good attorney in the tapes
Okay, okay
On it
Are you on it? Yeah
Because Norma can't you is only gonna do nothing
So give me a bunch of gibberish and double talk on the phone and you notice I had to call him
Right he was in the process of writing me a letter. I'm gonna sit right down and write myself a letter
You'll see that's what I mentioned the Billy Williams quartet or whatever the hell was what?
So that's what I was talking about that's what he does he explains their position to you
You
PR Ralph says the contract is an agreement between two or more parties that creates an obligation to do or not do something
A breach of contract is the existence of an agreement or bargain to fore exchange where one of the parties fails
Without a legally valid excuse to live up to his own responsibilities under the contract
A breach of contract usually occurs by one or more of the parties in one of the following ways
failing to perform as promised making it impossible for the other party to perform
Making it known there's an intention not to perform
Georgia's done his job to the fullest extent
But if Georgia gets paid peanuts then whatever they pay flea bag something smells fishy there
As in maybe they're not gonna pay them nothing but that was down 152. It's a glum grim day
Sun is shining though. It's gonna be 21 here. They are actually impressed 70 degrees. Yeah. Why would you care?
Robert says when your lawyer starts babbling about arbitrary and capricious you know you are sunk
Rob aka shameless old dimwit
Thanks Rob
arbitrary and capricious
That was uncalled for and blah blah blah insensitive yeah
And it wasn't even on the air it was off the air in Norma
That I said you were limperasted lightweight something like that
Get some get some weights for normal shoes
So we can get one toe down on the ground and maybe come back to earth. Hey, that's a unnecessary and capricious. Yeah, that's right
Vicious and capricious
Remember Iida who I
Eida no I had a low-pass tree to I do she's been emailing for a long time. Oh, that's what yeah
I thought you were talking about like a celebrity or something. No like a Vita. I remember Ida canter Eddie and I
Remember that way before your time if you knew Susie like on anyway, it says sad sad day for me if this is George's last day
Well, we don't know but he hasn't been fired yet. She says that's correct. I'm squeezing my Bible right now
Is I write this email saying a prayer for George Philippians chapter four verse 13
No matter what you all still be listening, but it won't be the same without George George stays strong. Love you says Iida. Thanks Iida
Ida
Ida
If you knew Susie I guess Eddie and I the canter are both still dead. They're not coming back not too many stiffs coming back
The phantom informer the fake one, you know, yeah says what's happening to George is enough to make you put your head in your hands and cry
Now now listen to this you don't have a hair on your ass if you don't walk out of George's fire
WQM is in breach of contract
This is somebody's life they're everything with you don't have a hair on your ass if you don't walk out
I'm not walking out no matter what they do. How do you like that?
If they tell me I can't say hello and goodbye. I'm still not walking out. I'll take the money, okay
I'm not gonna self destruct to make Joe Bell happy
Which I still think that's part of what this is all about
What can we do to get the Rogers to walk out and say there? There's some real money to be saved
We'll put anybody on there. We'll put flea on for his own show midday. I think I want to be joicing here very soon
Me too. Like I told you my stomach is churning mine too
Remember that show the stomach churns watch it every day
Just this morning I saw as a matter of fact
First all my hopes for George no reason for him to lose his job, especially not like this to somebody
My question is if the sex of your contract that supposedly protects George or wherever you have as your producer
Positions your show is so toothless and weak. What about the other parts?
They already got out the part about the billboards and advertising didn't they?
Well, that's because Norma doesn't hold their feet to the fire
They do whatever they want because they have no fear of Norma can
How do you know the clause about the station having to buy you out when you contract to get rid of you will stand up?
For that matter can they really hold you to that non-compete clause that was written as badly as these others
Well, guess what there's no other offers pouring in okay
I'm putting the amount of market. I'm accepting offers remember that from Norma. Yeah
He's sitting by the phone accepting offers
Think you really need to look into this for your own sake with a different lawyer
By the way, no, you're probably sick of the bubble reports
Tune past to hear him say that Howard Stern invented reality shows by letting cameras come behind the scenes on the radio show of his e-show
So that PBS show with a loud family back in 70s wasn't reality what an askissor
They're saying that Bubba's an askissor and I think they may have a point
Seems that he's got his tongue and a lot of Tushes rectum including mine. I wonder what that was
You're starting that little bit of discomfort either the proctologist has come to pay a home visit or somebody's got their tongue in your Tush
Mike says long time Lister from the W.I.O.D. days two-time emailer. I have to chime in about George
In my humble opinion George is a great talent and asset to your show for me the show is all about the interaction between the two of you
And when you're away, I enjoy the show that George doesn't your absence
He's always entertaining and professional and is always loyal to you when people call him to complain when you're gone
Unlike the bird who used to like chime in
Ha ha
I have to agree with an earlier email that they ask why the laughable impotent Norma is still in your employ
I'm not saying this is your fault like the last emailer did
I'm only saying that Norma is an idiot has no business working for you. Anyone else is an attorney
Even as a garbage collector George if you go I for one will miss your talent in the input you bring to the show
Neil whatever happens. I'll still be a Lister in fans sincerely Mike. Well, thanks Mike
It says subject sad George bad Norma
Like a dog bad dog bad Norma
Just do the down the floor Norma you dropped a big load on the floor
Maybe that's why you had that one leg up in here. I thought it was something else. Oh
Here's one from somebody with a phone number
Says this is total bullshit with George. He's a fine producer in town better than anyone to five-year-old tape etc
This is a classical example of why I never pursued radio spelled badly as a career
And then only did part-time back in the day to make ends meet and get me a something
You signed a W. I. Z. Card to my son in 1986 stay out of the business. That's so true
Yeah, that's what I write to everybody stay out of the business
You never know your fate and some ass clown can change your life on a whim
You have the no talent suck ups on the year and the ones with talent are off the year
P. S. the rest of the shows on Q. M. Blow
Look at the schedule on Q. M. They all talk the same crap hour after hour day after day and the same D-bag that's calls just hear their voice
What's sitting America's talking football in May Joe Bell? I estimate says nothing against fleeve a girl parents say no
I can't do that
Says Pete the chronic yet. That's rightfully grow up here. How come nobody's blaming him
For not turning down a chance to stab you in the back. I mean take your job. I mean
Do whatever he's gonna do
Whatever he's on standby you're on standby please
I want your Cuban as fired so Jorge you're fired
You're too good at your job
And cruzador you're not a jack sniffing swat
So I want to let you go
We lost two million in our first quarter
But that's uh not quite as much as we order
Now with today's corporate mentality is to fail miserably sent business goals to achieve with lazy
mediocrity
Jorge
Great
Joker and I love your show
If it I have a parade
And we like our numbers to be low
No you refuse to talk about jobs
Here my head my way you begot
Best of what I want
I want you out and let me tell you why your numbers aren't far too high
Retaining numbers like that wide that would mean we'd have to get up and do something
Well, we don't want to get up
Of course is all you need for a radio format then just put your feet upon the desk
And co-left
And George for the last 10 years you resisted crossing the thin gay light of sports
You want to work here and grace the day to my friend
Oh
Well
So I just got two emails from Norma the first of which I can't read because I can't open it and the second one
This is sent to joebell at your direction. Please read the second email privately not on a year, which I did
Okay, and I think he articulated well for a change exactly my position
Which is that nobody else is acceptable to be the producer on the show or to be the Philan during the summertime
But at any rate I can't read the first one normal cave send it in a format that I might be able to open like I could back reader or something like that
Don't you hate that when somebody sends you well you probably don't have that problem
I'll just send you a software disk or something so that um it's probably like a doc X
Or something that you need windows
Whatever 2007
Branden says I sure hope QM does pull off George what they did to Milton in the movie office space
Milton was fired and nobody told him so we kept coming back to work
And when he asked where's his paycheck the boss said take it up with accounting
It was my bonus check by the way
Here's one from some four bastards as who cares about Georgia. I just got canned on my way to hollover beach cheers
Yeah, well good luck to you. Okay, and stay off a hollover beach
pervert
Neil if your lawyer Norma can't is unable to take care of what's right get one who can damn it
There were dime a dozen says Marty from Batavia
How's Del Mangies doing Marty
Here's one that says from Liz I became a teacher so I could dedicate my summers to listening to the George Redvega show
What do I do now? I just turned down the option to teach summer school from the teacher in room 32 it says
Thank you like that
That's sweet
Here's one that says George sucks, but the fact he sucks is what makes the show great
I remember when he first was on the year years ago filling in everyone would call saying you suck and all that
Sileness and I would laugh so hard you can tell George I would get mad in his voice
It was great entertainment. He'd get mad in your voice. I hope he ends up somewhere. I will listen to him Q.A.M. sucks more and more every day
It says yeah, they do they suck
Here's one from the fake Norma can't do it apparently we just had a conversation in the phone
I'm so wasted. I have no recollection at all of what we said could you call me this afternoon around three
I'm gonna down a bowl of honey nut Cheerios and take a nap. Thanks Norma the fake Norma can't
The real one sent me that thing and I can't open it the second one though. I think I said it very well for a change
Here's one that says from Alfredo screw WQM in its failed format Hank Goldberg was right about Q.A.M. in that fat ass redneck Joe Bell
Hope the mad dog sticks it to them and retires WQM might as well file for chapter 11 in the future without your show
They will and I'll be happy when it happens. Love you George
From Alfredo sauce
Deer Uncle Neos is Paul the worst insult I care
I can hurl at Norma is that apparently his town as a talk to your host exceeds his legal acumen and
Skill loved you and George's Paul. Well, thanks Paul. Thank you. Thank you so much
What's my take on the preteness? Oh my god. This is stoke broker get a life stoke broker you bug me okay
Ha
Here's one from a phone number it says hey Neil. This is not a hate me. It's love mail. I've loved you show for 25 years
I love you and I love George
I love I have spent days thinking about this to me. It's really simple if they fire George
I'll stop listening to the new Roger show what else can I do? I want to hear you. I want to hear George
I don't want to pray for an ice WQM in the beastlies any longer
It'll be a sacrifice. I suffer withdrawal symptoms, but I'll move on
I'll also try to follow George's career and listen to him wherever he ends up
If it's possible over the year from here or on the internet
I'll also remain eager to listen to you if and when you're on the near Roger show and with second outlet
If you ever get it whatever it says and never get it and I'll put in my lawyers
Hat and point out to you several things
Well, this goes on. This is long the chronic. Oh, this is Russell the chronic and Coco
I better print it out. Okay, long, huh? I said, okay
He's putting on his lawyers hat. I want to hear what he has to say
His lawyer's hat. Are you saying that Norma's not a lawyer? Huh?
Hey listen to say the the second part the one I could read that I'm not supposed to read on the air
It was good. Okay. It was excellent. I'll cross and I think it articulated spelled out very well the where we were at
Now let me see
This is sent and I still he still didn't send me one that I can open up and read the attachment
Let's see
open with and
Microsoft office picture in facts viewer. I can't read Microsoft office
Do what?
Microsoft office or works
Try that does that what what is it end with what's the extension on it after the dot
The file that you can't open oh PG I don't even know what the hell that is
Open with
Take a guess
Now what do you say I should open it with? I think you only have Microsoft works on your computer
I got to send you a copy of Microsoft office 2007 windows media player
no
Microsoft works
I know got it on my on my choices. He do because we were out with it one morning
What you do because we were playing with it one morning? Were we really yeah, we don't tell anybody about that all right
I don't know how to open this I can't open it sent it to me in a format. I could read Norma whatever the first one is please pretty please
Oh
Boy I feel like I've been on here for 40 hours today. Oh, but it's so much fun. No, it's not
Frank says it sounds to me like your contract is not protect George
If I heard you correctly you said it had mutually agreed upon which means you may agree with George
But if they don't then he's gone you don't agree to anyone but George then you'll be without a producer unless there's a clause to cover the chance
That you don't usually agree I bet that would bet the contract is if you guys can't come to a mutual agreement
Then the station gets the choice no there is no such a statement
I
Hate to see George leave while his honor delivery isn't the greatest his insight and intelligence and research is impeccable and invaluable
I didn't know you were doing research all the time his belief system is pretty damn near correct
I learned something interesting every time he's on except for when he touts the flowbots they suck what's that it's a group
Can't please everyone you know aside from what he does producing your show and covering your six months of occasion six days works for me
And I bet most of your audience to yet seems to be working pretty well lately, but not for this company
If they want to cut costs, why don't they start at the top and work their way down
I never understand that people at the top will make more than they need never get cut
When they're the ones who have greater ability to resurface and to have better ability to survive until they do resurface or three
Use their savings to start up something else. I feel for you George is frank. He's feeling for you. Thanks Frank
You feel it. I feel it feels good to I feel sick
Here's one that says this is not hate me. Oh, let's love mail. I've loved your show for 25 years
I love you and I love to just started to read this. This is Russell and Coco the chronic
I've spent days thinking about this and to me it's really simple if they fired George
I will stop listening to the new Roger show. What else could I do?
I want to hear you. I want to hear George. I don't want to patronize QM with the beastlies any longer
It'll be I read that part. Yes. I put on my lawyers hat and put out to you several things one if your contract is ambiguous enough to allow them to fire producer over your objections
It's probably also we can up to allow you to negotiate with serious WTKS
Samuel Kessier brawl here we go with this crap again nobody is interested in
Cymal casting this program Russell
God
Jesus do it. There's this where me out instead of asking these entities for money. They don't have agree to provide this show for a dollar
The first year just get your foot in the door and piss off QM management and ownership
There's there's nothing in the contract where they object to my
Cymal casting syndicating the show quite the opposite
Two and Louis big up front money get serious TKS room wherever you hook up with the page George to host three minute pre and post-neil shows
Something which is proven successful for Stern and his producer. This will really burn jolly joe et cetera
For leaving a non-competitive Georgia's contract. Oh here we go with this serious crap again
Three take the advice of a little judge figurine who sits almost every lawyer's desk sue the bastards first get a real lawyer
Then name everyone from the beastlies on down claim breach of contract and fraud
Ask that all the money's do you under the contract you paid it once
Ask for real impunity damages by including causes of action harassment defamation damage the business career and reputation as well as intentional inflection of emotional distress
Well, you got that last part right and of course be sure to allegedly current pattern of unlawful discrimination by the defendants against Jewish employees
Throw it all up in some something will stick
Would you think yeah, we'll almost pick
For the motion to dismiss which they will make if they fail in the court
Seize the question of reach a contractor. There's must go to trial stop doing the show in terrarly and start looking for another job on another station network
Supposedly to mitigate damages. Oh my god. Wow. This is a crazy person all these years. I thought that this guy had his head the screw down right
For fun attended depositions in your lawyer's office where the beastlies joe belt drawers now
There's involved the demolition your show will have to produce all their private communications and answer embarrassing questions under
Wrote about their motives and intentions as well as precisely what they knew and when they knew it
This could be very through a therapeutic and fun for you and provide lots of show material too. Oh, yeah, sounds like fun to me go to depositions
And five after the bastions of scorn for a year in the station has lost dozens of sponsors and is hemorrhaging red ink
Settle lawsuit by accepting a full buyout for both you and George payment of all legal fees and expenses by QM and move on with your life
At that point it'll be time for the other entities your show is on to pay your real money
Oh my god. Well, what part of their nobody's offering a dime don't they understand right? What does me understand?
I mean we got some fake people how many times do we have to say it?
There are no offers on the table now the nickel out of Canadian penny
Russian
All right
Now
Oh
Yeah
I did a little bit, little smelly machine
Tintressus breast shit
Now it's the one downstown the road
Ain't a big daddy super-toward
Now in the office
Stop the big deal, something of it
Around the pieces of breaks
I'm 1979
My old bowl Catalina
She's so looking fine now, he's my baby Cadillac
Come, baby
Coconut or not a champion
Cherry would be big and big
Y'all think big
Shiny things will live in those smellsy machines
I'm on my back, see you find
The shiny graphics look like glad
Thanks my coffee, shiny toothbrush
I think Washington would offer
Don't love a baby
Over the hundredthoda cherry
Cherry would be big
Don't love a baby
Michael Schockick
Who's throwing over speed bumps
And through school
Don't love a baby
First for Lauren Derry
You'll be faster to be big
Don't love a baby
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
Combo three at five sixty WQ. I'm so normal cans first email was blank. He says he said disregard. Oh, okay's error
Okay, I'm sure the contract says this and he'll says that and that's where we are
At a man time remember that in the network. He says they're at a man time
They want Howard Beale on the year right, but we want George on the show at a man time
And then of course in order to get rid of Howard Beale had a shoot his ass and
And then he hit the floor which of course wasn't unusual for him. He did a lot of hitting the floor in that movie
Poor Peter Finch or he was so great. Yes, he was he was good
Sunday bloody Sunday. There's a real gay movie for you
You ever see that? No, but thanks for the warning
What does that mean? Oh, a lot tango. I can't read his last name says it's very disturbing to me that the topic of febbing George is back on again
I thought that George's job was secured from the shows last week did not Joe Bell went into the booth and shook George's hand
Did he not went into the booth? Yeah, he did went into the booth. How are we okay? I
offer his
I mean the amount of money that they're paying you. It's just like the amount of money they were paying Ken Maldon before they put him in a grave
How much money could they have been paying him?
Not a lot that was worth killing the man destroying his life how many lives would you like to destroy Jolly Joe before you're finished
Before you burn and rot in hell with wild oozing bloody diarrhea for eternity
Did not Joe Bell went into the booth and shook George's hand
How can you shake a man's hand in the next week stabbed him in the back by trying again to fire to fire again?
Well, this grammar here is it's very obvious that W. Kim does not want Jews Hank Olberg Kenny Maldon. Maybe he rest in peace or Cubans George
But I think the real reason QM wants to fire George is they want to humiliate you Neil firing George is the way
Joyce and Joe Bell want to get back at you WQM wants to fire George is the way showing you Neil the QM is the boss and that you need or a slave and employee
Neal did not let WQM humiliate you by firing George if you give up on George
You're gonna let QM walk all over you believe me once the Georgians and his over they're gonna find another way to humiliate you
Remember Neil WQM's objective is not to fire George. It's to destroy you
Well to them how do you like that?
Here's one that says who's this from Jonathan somebody I
Have to chime in while there's still time before they make a really stupid and unfixable move
I just heard George may lose his job
Unacceptable and discussed in corporate B.S. You are correct sir
They're trying to get you to get up walk out and breach your contract. Don't do it. I'm not gonna do it
Stay on the ear I kick their ass in court
Just keep your eye on the legal bills and keep them in check
George does a fine job when he works in your place. He's knowledgeable reliable oil and good people which we know they don't care about
Any more apparently they want to cut the bottom line and delete your salary from the books at the same time
They can eliminate their top rated show and stick a sports show in its place. They can stick the sports in their ass
It says it's for dorks that don't get later. Degenera Gambler is looking for the spread even that sounds faggy
I can't believe they dare do this to you. I think they believe you've lost your age and won't fight a rip the mine
Oh better we all know you have to choose your battles and this one's worth fighting forces JG. Oh, thanks JG
Yeah, thanks
I'll be confused with Paul Smith
I already had this story about the Claremont County waitress accused of shooting a customer at the restaurant after they had to dispute
Okay, I didn't have this one Claremont County. Where's that Texas?
You keep your word 29 is charged with assault and battery with intent to kill you Keisha
How you doing you Keisha and early morning run for breakfast at the Waffle House on Paxville highway and
Manning turned terribly wrong for crystal Samuel
I
Thought it was gonna give me an all-star said Samuel a popular meal on the menu grit sausage toast eggs in a waffle and all star
She didn't get what she came for instead. She says while she waited for her order her friends started eating
That's when Samuel said she was told they couldn't eat from carry out trades inside the restaurant
I said what's your fuss about? I said we haven't paid for our food. She said well you got to leave
How you want us to leave? We ain't paid for the food yet said Samuel?
How you want us to leave? That's what I got ugly Samuel says she threw a waffle at the waitress Dean from her trunk a
gun magazine like
popular guns
Right a gun magazine man. That's funny. Yeah
Investigators say words gun discharge during the altercation. They say a bullet fragment struck Samuel in the arm
Deputies were close by when they rolled up in the parking lot for the victim and the suspect was still engaged in the fight
I see they rolled up in the parking lot
And the victim and the suspect were still fighting it before it ended the 30 say words struck the victim in the head with the gun
She got the last licks at Samuel
Meanwhile ward is bought it out of jail Tuesday afternoon news 19 found her inside the waffle house where the incident happened
Maybe she likes the waffle house
Well, there you go. It's a whole bunch of crap. Here's one that says get a real lawyer
Let's think this through with Normie have no cloud zero Zipity do da they're breaching your contract, right?
But what recourse do you have walking out? That's what they want duh?
But they know Norm is gonna do diddly you're the responsible party unfortunately you have to do something that way for him to he won't
He can't is unable it's your contract sir your life and livelihood not his get off your ass stopping a bystander and a victim butch up
You have butch up and do what?
Oh my god, this is unbelievable
Hmm this fake reg butyl I'm so sick of hearing my even you know
It's got nothing to do with the real one right. I'd like to go to Alabama and just blow his brains out
I mean Jesus well you're gonna have some time. Why don't you do it? Yeah, I don't care because he's small potatoes
Do you ever meet him once
I've been in the wild the one-time that a jackass clown and then once at a appearance we were both out at the same time
Oh here we go Georgia you planning to go after pro-zac Ron and jambai if yes, please tell your audience
We love these guys. They make us all laugh pro-zac Ron has a room to run Georgia's bills go too high
Also if Neil can spot George he can help jump and pro-zac Ron to help George with rent
Oh, this is just crap. It's all about pro-zac Ron and just garbage die just die don't take your time doing it
Just die die now die die you
Don't waste any time both of you pro-zac Ron and chamba
They didn't help a job with them too didn't they oh yeah, although flea he tells you that he's not gonna take care of that
You know something I trust him as far as I could throw fat boy
I trust him as far as I could throw Dave game and
Jim DeFetus sewn together
Did you ever see that movie with Ray Milan with and Rosie Greer with the two heads sewn together no I?
Keep threatening to send that to you sound if you have a lot of spare time on your hands if this goes down which I hope you might what have a lot of spare times
Well, I'll send you the movie great
Oh
Brother the AC comes on here tomorrow so I sure as hell hope that you're here tomorrow you with or without the AC
You have any idea well, well you're gonna send me a text message at two o'clock
I'm sure shortly thereafter correct. I'd get out of the building real fast at two
I would high-tailed out of there. I'd put on my Superman cape. I go to the nearest window if you can find one and
I zoom out everybody else is out of the building pretty much are they really?
Is the big move completed
Accept us here. They're still moving some furniture and everything but all the employees are already over there. I see
including the management types
Yes
Even clearance
Last time I saw clarity was in the conference room using that as a temporary office
Well, I've got a really nasty booger in my left nostril
Well dig it out. I'm trying to dig it. I'm trying to get out with my
It's one of those. Yeah, there's some big nostrils. I have to slide it out. I can't fit my thumb up there
Well, I don't mean all the way. It's not in there deep. You know, I say it's toward the edge of the nostril
To try your pinky. No
That's a little bit too gay even for me
Ah Christ I was getting a big ring with a fax paper in the other room. Damn it
And what's this tap in there Neil Rogers. God Christ almighty
I want to install praise to all my loyal suffocates out there for obeying my commands
That made me proud to be an American my friends when hundreds of you out there went out to squat and put tea bags in your mouth
Why there's nothing more patriotic than that my loyal and ball emmings
He he he and I'll be back after these words from the fine makers of Zechlun B
You know Johnny I've been at this a lot of time it never ceases to amaze me how these
Do anything I say?
Oh, I mean even I get scared
Is it good to think clear channel owns every station in the world right? I have to go back to being Jeff Christie
Maybe I should get married
Have an edge X in your not that I don't like
Defile
That's it, I guess it ends like that
Let me just back it up a second
One moment please I'm trying to back it up
Back that ass up
And then it's not doing nothing
Come on you can do it
Why is it not doing I'm pressing the search I don't know press it harder
I'm going the wrong way now let me try the right way now it won't back up well screw it
1218 at 560 WQM unhappy Wednesday May 13th George's with us till today although we don't know for how much longer
Is this a way to do something I mean this is so bush league. Yeah, which they fired me nicely
No, I mean that's not the point, but I mean if you're going to do something do it
Definitively and either do it or either smitter get off the pot
Oishmoid juice is listening to the George soap opera is getting depressing no kidding
George is good for the new Roger show, but apparently not good for a whole bill
He feels a specific requirement in this life which is more than the other deadbeats at the station
Is there any chance George will go postal if he's booted?
Keep your head down. Thanks for getting interesting
I don't think there's any chance George will go down to all of them I say years ago that you would be the one
You did, but it would take something special. Oh
Here's one that says simple formula for a winning team not Joe Bell equals as clown doesn't say clown have a happy and die in burning hell Joe Bell
They're getting less and less creative as the day goes on, you know
Oh, maybe the good ones are being written as we speak three sixty seven on the pole our goal is three sixty eight
Our goal is to survive till two o'clock that's my best take on it today
And let me say again the more I think about this flea business
The less I trust
The little one
He's got too much of a history with your buddy Jolly Joe they go back too far
And he's got his hooks into too many things going on in that building, you know, I mean
No, what do you mean? Just what I'm saying. He's he knows
This crap about how they told him he's on standby
Mr
Highlight says the George have a paypal of counsel as a loyal fan can donate to the George will be unemployed soon fun
That would be good. Yeah, I do as another fact
Maybe I can raise your salary off the air and you won't have to work
You
You think they were paying you big bucks or something like that
Less than a worth
Don W's in Miami says who the blank do they think they are at that sad little dog and pony show they call a radio station
Did they want to can George because he's intelligent wait?
Maybe that's it they can't have people there who think for themselves
They need cheap will fall them into the crap or where they're taking the show love you Uncle Neil and George rocks is done W in Miami
What about a Don web I
Wonder if that one is still alive Don web what a wicked web we weave when we practice to deceive
So I've seen all of this verby it from a normal camp
Some pretty emphatic stuff by the way and spite of your skepticism and mine holding my breath
Well, I'll let you know when to exhale
Here's one from Quincy my name is Q and I'm a big fan. I've tuned into you religiously every day for over 13 years
My mornings consisted of Sid Rosenberg and and you and it made for an interesting day
Even though Sid show was dubbed a sports show he did a great job bringing a variety of topics outside the sports to the table every morning
And much like you he didn't take himself seriously. It was very funny. Oh, yeah
Now listen to I miss I was the I miss on 9.60 a.m. in the morning
For my Sid fix and then put you on
What's Sid is on with diamonds again?
I don't know and I don't care. Yeah, I did experiment the last two days with a new show at 780 and
790 but this guy's got all the frequencies wrong. He's got 940 is 960 and 790 at 780
Maybe his dials a little bit off it leaves a lot to be desired. I haven't had hardly any commentary and I knew
Jorge Siddano and Crystal
Fernandez Schwarzo
Without Sid that station will fail. Yeah, he had those big numbers ones and zeros
I even find myself listening to La Bastion the afternoons it says
I hope the powers that be realized you're important to the station in this market and make you happy in the long run
Love to hear you when Sid mixed it up one day. Oh, yeah, mix it up my ass. I'm sorry
And for what it's worth. I'm gay too gay. Well, it's worth about quarter
Maybe it's a quarter schlaunkei
Oh, here we go the fake Greg Budell just won't stop won't stop
I believe Norm is pulling one over on you you keep saying no one wants to simulcast your show
But this couldn't be further from the truth
I don't know about WTKS, but I know for a fact that serious xM remains very interesting to simulcast you show on serious 101 Howard
That's still whatever it is
Norm makes no effort to reach out and you continue to sit back and do nothing
If George is really on a verge of getting fired haven't called Tim Sabian
Who'll be in his best interest now they are gonna pay you the big bucks by mowing the bettus at least 100k a year
This could pay George and chicken ex-salary
Why what is this ass clown keep sending me this garbage
What's what's the point? I don't know. Maybe he believes some of it'll stick he throws enough crap at you
I mean what does Greg Budell really have to do with serious in the first place
Best I can determine nothing zip it. He do that and if he's so tight with him how come he's showing an Alabama ain't un-serious
If he's such a big schmendrick
Redlands Jim and Jan say Neil and George we aren't sure if you're getting our email
But here goes anyway. Well, why wouldn't I be getting it? I don't understand. He didn't know if I'm getting the email
I guess I got it
You got it too? Yes
We are loyal listeners of you Neil and George as well my wife and I love the show and enjoy the days when George fills in
He has a perfect voice around here and provides more entertainment with his vast knowledge of many different subjects
Much entertainment some we like George and I've met him a couple of times in your studio as well as appearances
Neil great George great QA management bad
Bad with two age like a sheep bad
Oh, Greg Budell again. I feel sorry for George. He doesn't deserve this Joe asked me about filling work
But I have my hands full doing two shows already says the fake Greg Budell subject you're fired
So tired of Greg Budell and obviously South Florida was too. That's why he's an Alabama with a banjo on it
I guess they even got tired of him at the Sterling Country Kitchen in Hollywood
My mom says he was a lousy waiter by the way
Really
No, oh she doesn't say anything these days
Here's when it says hey George couple weeks ago Derby Day when the station was at Gulf Stream
I passed by their table and said keep George you want to know the answer the guy at the table says George
Who George Sedano when I said hell no George Rodriguez the guy at the table started laughing
Did easily broadcasting sell out to cheap channel it says?
Whatever that means
The guy at the table when you like to know who that was
No, I believe it was flea
Maybe I don't know he might be out there. You know he might have been the guy out there at the table
You're good buddy flea your personal friend
That's on standby to get that shiv and just stab you as hard as he can
Snooki says if George is gone then so is the little audience you have
Doesn't Joe Tinkerbell know that the near-rider shows the only program on 560 that actually has some decent ratings
I've been an everyday listener for many years in a frequent email or not. I've tuned my turn many listeners my age late 20s
Do your show there must be something you can do in the old to keep George on well?
Let me know what it is
Maybe you want to pay George's salary snooki
The entire town of Davie and Evan Turboh stop listing the 560 of George goes make sure you get that message to
Joe and everyone else involved in George's forced retirement from the show your management is a big
pile of steamy choice
Sincerely your avid listener another Jorge PS love you George in the show hate the rest
Hey, not just like hey
Thanks like that
Hmm
Neil says do you need all this sucks about George I'm a faithful listener. I am the blue oyster cult guy. I hope to hear him tomorrow
Well tune in tomorrow and see if George is still here. I know I'm gonna be coming in here extra early
So if you shop tomorrow
Neil God
I
Chris madgers play hardball on MSNPC. I feel as getting as a college stool girl is wearing a skirt and those scrappy thigh
And the wing just blew over my coachy
Even though the economy is decimal and I run seems to be crumbling
I feel exuberant and excited like a 13 year old girl to see twilight
Welcome to three CEOs of the automobile industry to hard bar dad Alan Malale of Ford rabbit Nadeli of Chrysler and Richard Wagon
I'm a G.M. Welcome to program gentlemen. Let's stop with you Richard didn't know if you realize that you actually named after a station wagon
Nice names wagon. Yeah, it's like a station wagon. That's funny. No, no. I think it's funny. Maybe not if it's that to him right away
Let's go to you Alan. Don't you think it's funny to Richard wagon his last name is actually from station wagon
I think I know comedy anyway. What are you doing an elephant with three balls?
You're welcome in pension in giraffe anyway. Let's go to you. Robert Nadeli of Chrysler
Robert think I'm asking about the Richard wagon and name reference. I'm not gonna try to curveball on high ball
Why isn't he doing guys flew on private jets into get your big bail out money
Don't you think that says the American people screw you? I think it's not a shame screw you American people
Well, I don't get me wrong. I'm a big believer in spend spend spend but that's kind of crazy right?
Well, I'm telling you I know I wish I had a private plane that way people wouldn't over here to stupid things
I say well traveling I'm ass transit
Where is you back to you over there Richard wagoner?
Your name reminds me of where I had sex for the first time get it station wagon
Hey, are you wearing any wood pedaling on your side?
Anyway, let's talk about the big bail out you guys think you deserve well, thank you
Go ahead. I jump go ahead. I'm trying to get an answer out of you. How do you feel about the bailout? Yeah
I do really think go ahead Chris. I'm trying to say but that's Robert Nadeli the same question
Nadeli wait a minute. Just hit me. Your name sounds like a macaroni
I think I had some fucking sauce in Nadeli last night. Why do you think I thought you could I admit it?
No, not exact who you are
Banana
Banana
Banana
Banana
Who's that?
Uh who's that?
Launch
Why don't you plan and you say banana? I know comedy. Let's go back out of the Almalali of Ford
Wait a minute. You know what you name reminds me of big valley with Miss Popper stand with your rides
Malawi's big valley
Question can also be the chicken wheeled grace for the high squeaky voice
Don't you think it's a funny
Don't you think it's a guy
Listen
I'm here
I'm telling you it's funny Miss Popper stand with Nick Hitch where we first saw a million dollar man
Rightly major's funny
Listen we're here
Sunless than you maybe no backtalk to hosts
Tune in tomorrow on my special destiny
A priest to rabbi and a prostitute
That's funny
Chris Matthews played hot bar on MSNBC
Call 3327 before one at five sixty WQ and boy
She got a lot of emails today. Let me tell you
I don't do this more often
Are you important let's do this more often
I got news for I don't I don't think you're going to be the last one
In fact, I got one from Jimmy Cifalus says Georgia small potatoes
Joe Bella sure is us that WQM will have a new midday show soon enough
Harvey here's QM is waiting for someone's non-compete to expire
You should have your agent contact that station in Orlando will be a good place for you
The parliament house can sponsor your show
If anybody should know about the parliament house it would be you Jimmy you fairy Jimmy Cifalidic
The real fire fighter says if first if anyone currently employed by WQM is not under contract is not actively looking for another job is just plain stupid
QA management treats people like pawns. They have no dignity or honor
Anyone who would take a job with this company must be hard up
Joe Bell and the management team of QM are a boy on the estes society and should be lanced
Secondly over the years. I've come to enjoy listening to Georgia
In fact, this is no shot at unil actually enjoy Georgia shows more than yours
However, I still do enjoy your show as well
Georgia's developed into a compelling host and even when he's discussing topics
I don't like he still manages to make it interesting
You're more compelling than I am
Oh a few years ago I was in a similar situation was eventually lit off for my job
It was the best thing that ever happened to me
It was the foot in the ass I needed to get out with my life and I started a new career which I love
I'm one of the few people I know actually enjoys going to work
I hope you can say the same thing one day
Neil of QM fires George today show them George's true value call in sick tomorrow
Says the real firefighter who I think is probably
FAAAING
Oh get the hose
Ron from Miami says Neil. It's clear that Yahoo's a QM don't want any Cubans Jews or Queens to work for them
If they can't stand this running stinking smelling and melting pot here in South Florida, they should leave the market
Lot of really wild people out there they're they're their vile
I don't see anything new on my hotmail
Is in a respond and of course nobody has fired anybody yet nobody has actually sent anything other other than this morning
When you came in and this is what really started all this stuff on the year sure
Everybody in building all that and of course my first email from the mole right right
And purviewed on the street is that today is George's last day. Yeah, and then when you went to take a choice
People in the hallway were saying oh gee. It's your last day. We're here
Pretty much
Bob Lasseter says from the grave George's best bet is the contact James crystal radio the line light bulb
1400 can make it come back and Greg Vidal needs a sidekick at Q 96 Alabama
Greg Vidal this and Greg Vidal at and bap bap bap bap
Screw Greg Vidal the hell with them
God only knows what kind of crap Jolly Joe Bell and Greg Vidal have been cooking up together their birds of a feather are that losers
Ned says come on you. There won't be so bad with George being gone instead of flee
Maybe you could get baby alien to take his place. He should be old enough by now
So are you gonna stand up and if George gets fired you quit? No
That means today would be
Today sure would be the last one for the rest of your life. We don't want that to happen
Well, guess what I'm not going anywhere Ned
I'm here every day when I'm supposed to be and even some days when I'm not like Mondays Victoria day
Do you think I'm taking off Monday? No
No way Jorge
I
Well, it's a major holiday here in Canada, Victoria day named after the queen
Jay from Cooper City says hello Neil and George if they do fire George is gonna be very sad
He's the best host when you were away
When your contractors up are you coming back on a different station? We well got to go love your show
When my contractors up am I coming back on a different station? What does that mean?
I'll be a hundred years old by that time and if I survive these people
Remember you told me a long time ago Joe Bell asked you I think when you had your meeting about your contract
I'm sure well. Yeah, he said you think Neil is gonna survive five more years. I said. I don't know if he's gonna survive five more minutes
Of you Joe. That's what I meant. I think that's what kind of like turned them sour
Good needle Blake says this sucks about George. Oh the blue oyster cuckoo. I'm ready for the who's that?
Do you know that guy? No, I don't either the blue oyster cuckoo. I wonder what it is like. What did I ever do to you guy? Maybe and the quarter-slot guy
All the guys with a handle you know all the guys who like everybody knows them. We all like to have a handle
Handle this on race says George's demand
Why would they even attempt to destroy your show know that George's your main man like Batman or Robin if he's let go
Then WTF will become your show
Who's next Neil watch it this company has full of so much Schmidt
It's out in a hallway George is the best producer
He's a great villain when you're gone the numbers prove it and I feel bad for such a good man
George if you get candy we're all gonna miss you f. Jolly Joe hell
What I don't understand is what they want it why they want to dissolve your show starting with George
And yet you still have good ratings. It's like going backwards. What kind of mentality yet good ratings
And they want to kill the show makes absolutely no sense sad and so bad says Drey
And it says fire Norma can't waste of time and money
Yeah, no more checks Norma no more cash
Chukkin Chicago we haven't heard from him in a while remember how chronic he was for wireless right
Feel like shoot his ass out
So Jolly Joe doesn't want you to talk about the George thing on the air Joe hasn't told you anything about intentions regarding George's future
Now that's not correct. This all started with a call from him several weeks ago where he tried to give you some to dance about
Well think about it, you know, we got to save the money and I got to save two million dollars in the audio data, you know
And my reply to him was through Norma can't know a thing way
So it says what's his freaking problem? He doesn't want you to talk about something that he doesn't even have the balls to talk to you about
Hey, Joe if you would have talked to Neil maybe you wouldn't have to talk things on the air and get information via rumors
I don't want to talk to him Chuk
George, I wish you the best. I hope Norma can make himself useful actually earn a check and save your behind
PS what does the intro to the big old show sound like on a M radio it sounds like crap on the internet
Can't imagine QM signal helping things
Luckily it only takes a click of the mouse to stop the streaming once that intro starts
How do you like that from our close personal buddy Chuk in Chicago?
Roger
Don't give him no
With the balls like me. He's got a great deal
And a brand new set of wheels
If you got the balls to give him a call just remember that he won't take your crap
These George George or Dave my ring is clean as he can be
You won't find no cheese
Don't give him no you am what you want
Tchaal baby
16 to one
3 bites chance me the male
3-bite okay says George need to contact Bubba can be a great addition to the Bubba Spon show anyway talk with your marony
Oh, P.E
Yeah, pathetic
Glenn says that will not miss Georgia will simply follow him to his next gig.
The managerial treatment of him is typical South Florida.
If anyone wants to do Georgia favor, how about getting him an honor six pack of hot-weigh
beer?
Hot-weigh.
What I say?
Hot-weigh.
The H.S.S.S., you know, it's a shame.
Hot-weigh.
All right.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
As he isn't doing this, then two and two would seem to make four.
As a commercial decision, this is suicidal.
As a personal decision, it's a work of a bastard.
Bastard from a basket.
Good luck, George.
Good luck, George.
Good luck, George.
Bastard from a basket.
Right.
Right.
Baron Fitzsys, I'm having a hard time understanding how this is happening to George.
Your contract says you get to choose your producer.
I'm no legal expert, but that seems black and white.
Where is the loophole in that?
How is that not reach your contract?
This sucks.
It says the producer will be George or a producer of a mutual consent.
I do not consent to flee.
I trust him as far as I could throw Harry Elefante.
I don't trust him.
And I'll be more unhappy to tell him that right to his ear, right to his face,
since you tell me he listens every minute of every day.
I don't trust you, flee.
You're the mole.
And the fact that he struck up this great friendship with you.
And of course, I'll be next.
First, George, then the old man.
And then of course, it'll be said to kid or some other sports nerd on here in midday.
And that's what they're looking for.
I think so.
Find a way to get me to take a walk.
As opposed to like saying, hey, how about if we paid Neal $0.50 in the dollar
for the next four and a half years?
You think he'll opt out for that?
That's what they ought to be talking about, a buyout.
Because they're deep-balling the show to which to the point where there's going to be so little left,
where it'll be the point.
And I'll keep taking the checks.
Adolf Schiffel, a grubber, says Neal Norm can't has clearly opened the door for Joe Bell and his plan to jettison George.
Norm is a slacker and a non-hacker as shifless as they come.
Maybe Georgia Beasley can save the day.
Oh, yeah.
She's really very effectual for us.
She loves the show and all of this, but she's, you know, only real brickmanship will make you end back down.
I hope this disgraceful act is not transpire.
If it does, Georgia's survivor will end on his feet.
Best wishes, Georgia Neal, Dolf.
Dolf.
E-dolf.
Thanks.
Dolf.
Do you love your meat tenderizer, Adolf?
Not.
Hate it.
The real Adam Cursor says, I wouldn't be surprised if Joe Bell is paying off Norma.
This is really sick.
Yeah, it's sick, all right.
Sick is correct, Adam.
Maybe Adam can help you out.
No, thanks.
Gives you a job with this, come a cent, well, they're adding a lot of payroll.
Not.
No, thanks.
Oh, this is cute.
From Morter Forker.
Yeah.
Today is the darkest day in the history of the Neorodja show.
And the second darkest day in the history of South Florida radio,
ranking only behind most first day on the year.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
I find it hard to believe that there won't be any more shows when you're out.
No more suds Coleman on Fridays when you're out.
No more fapping to Lucy Lopez's voice.
No more hysterical drug talk, and I'm not even a druggy.
George was the every man, the link between the audience,
and D.D. known as Neorodja's.
It's all gone now.
It's all gone.
I hate you a bit more than anyone else on the planet except Mo.
Good luck, George.
I'm sure you'll wind up just fine.
And thanks again for recommending the Beast Many Times.
A great movie that this was, and I never would have checked it out
with you recommending it on the year all those many years ago.
The Beast?
Yeah, you would have liked it.
It has our friend Rocky Steven Bauer.
It's a real?
Yeah.
Steve Bauer.
Playing an Afghani, no less, and doing a good job of it.
Really?
Yeah.
Good movie.
An Afghani, Howard?
Or a Brownie, something like that.
Yeah.
A Mujahidim.
I'm sorry, Brownie, huh?
I don't want to start it on Jimmy Cifo's again.
You fairy.
Fred Souter, our close personal friend, up in Gainesville says,
like my former co-worker Kenny Gramer said the other day,
there's not much you can say about the Bushley way
the QM is treating George.
Joe Bell is obviously the George W. Bush of Radio.
That's right.
He loved our ex-president.
First, the streaming service the QM switch to a few weeks ago
makes it impossible for most government workers
like me to listen to your show live any longer since it's blocked
by most government servers.
I'm home with my two month old daughter in the morning,
so I can listen to the first half of your show.
My hat's off to anyone who's lasted this long in commercial radio.
Rather than hang around and work for a bunch of ass poms
that rather me work for free, I decided to cut to the chase
and volunteer for a community radio station instead.
If you want to see our radio executives have heard their own industry
on a daily basis, the former owner of Inside Radio started his own blog
to cut radio with daily ass
and inside musicmedia.blogspot.com.
Last week, George was talking about our former IOD cohort,
Mike Bohan, the blind board op.
Yes?
He's something made Mike an integral part of his dream radio station.
He said he's part of my dream radio station.
I'd have to agree plus I'd surely put George in charge of operations
and production in such a facility.
Well management there doesn't realize that George knows
where the bodies release most of the classic bits are buried.
They're obviously trying to get rid of George before the studio site moved
but they're clearly cutting their noses by their face.
As said before, QM wants nothing to do with anything that gets numbers.
It'd be nice if Norm can't have a testicular fortitude to do something for George.
But I get to see he's too busy with T.W.N. if he's still involved with that paper anymore.
File a breach of contract to with BBGI immediately dammit.
Either way, George will be sorely missed if they do make the decision.
They seem hell-bent on making. I'll keep in touch, George.
Maybe we can have a round at the bill of bong if I ever make it back to South Florida
which is getting harder and harder for me to find excuses to do these days.
Bill Bong's closed.
And what? The bill bong is closed.
It's closed? It's closed, Fred.
Meech at the PRL Euro Cafe in Hollywood.
To paraphrase Hunter Thompson WQM seems content to march to its own demise on a road of bones.
Via Cundios is Fred.
Thanks Fred.
Thanks a lot Fred and good luck to us all.
We need you.
We need you.
We need you.
We need you.
Hey, this guy's very ill.
And when I'm up in Belkettiga, slapping old women with painted lips around the pool,
I know.
Listen to the Neil Rogers one and a two.
I know.
Yeah, I mean, I know the listened to the Neil Rogers fair in balance one and a two hours.
Wow!
Well, well.
Fuck, hey.
Fuck, hey, hey, hey.
I would be grate, bet, and I'm making all over my old thaves of blue,
I don't know why they hate me, or why they always rape me.
It must be cause I got these bullets ready,
It's quite full of things.
A baseball on my arm like a rannick nally, not a locker-wad.
I got things on my nose, and nobody knows that under my clothes I wear fancy hoes.
But that don't mean that I'm gay.
If you think my arms have had your order, see my legs.
I might as well keep on smoothing, shaved, to show a little clasped the next time I'm raping in.
I can go to a surgeon, but that gives me to shivers.
I wouldn't want to walk out looking like Joan Rivers.
But where am I?
I buy a little beast, the fat little freak.
I get him a favor now again, upon the beat.
The reason I dismiss that stinkin' fat bastard is big-ass.
He wouldn't shut up, and he can't play cadester.
Hey, somebody talkin' over there.
Nobody talks when I rap.
I rap then you talk.
Like, look at me, I'm hip-hip, I ain't no square.
I'm a ding-dong daddy, man. I'm really dead.
I buy a rannick what I want.
I don't care.
Especially if they make me flip my wig later, smelly green hair.
I've got fired myself, and even happens to the grapes.
Westwood once said you'll get out of here while we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool, life says good is against.
With my paladin cocktail, placing bets on the jins.
Paradise. Paradise, I don't kiss somebody's ass in paradise.
I'll be shoving out the screwkins when I get the chance.
But the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants.
How long does it take?
Get the calling from play.
It was just a little thought, so what I left this day?
I think that's funny when I knock a cell phone.
I can do what I want, but the management loves me.
Can I tell you something, Mo?
Something you oughta know, but along this time I wanted you to be my goal.
Do I might tie foul? No, Anstray.
No, no.
Who, who, who do you do?
I won't take no for an answer.
Look it up.
But it's true, you.
Get out of here.
I have bitchin'.
Do do do do do.
Him?
Do do do do do.
Do do do do do do.
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do.
Get the call!
Get the call!
102 at 560, that was George on the comb.
Yeah, yeah.
I guarantee you, Freehand couldn't be able to do a comb over like that.
You're a good, close person, buddy.
No, you don't know.
I haven't heard enough. Play the comb in paper.
No?
Well, maybe you can give it a shot.
Maybe tomorrow morning I will have it on a year.
I hope not.
So what do you think's gonna happen to two o'clock?
I don't know.
In the history of my life, I have never seen anything done so poorly,
so ineptly, so cowardly, so awkwardly, so tragically.
I think what they're trying to do is wait to see just how far we're going to push it.
Yeah, I'm pushing it.
And I'm sure it's not going to get up and walk out.
I'm positive that I'm the target, not you.
Positive. There is no doubt in my mind.
I mean, you think, I mean, who's making more money? You or me?
Who's salary is going to make a bigger impact?
Regardless of that book that we just had, you know what Joe said to the Hank?
It's not about numbers, Hank. It's not about ratings.
They don't give a crap about reading.
You know this was just good because most of the they don't have any.
Even got one hour that starts with. Oh, yeah.
When surprised me if Sid the Yidd has been over there buzzing in Joe Bell's ear.
When surprised me of anything. Tim says, hey, to agree with you need to take action here, Neil.
Your pseudo crypto fake artificial lawyer couldn't even sue a boy named Sue.
He's a joke, but the joke is on you, sadly.
I'm sorry to say that it's your sole responsibility to deal with this.
If you let it happen, jolly Joker is at fault, naturally, but it's still your responsibility.
Oh, yeah, it's my fault. Sorry, it's the truth.
I hope you're working on something that you're not discussing on a year.
There's still time to make sure this tragedy doesn't happen.
Good luck and kick butt says Tim.
And what would that be, Tim?
What is it that I'm working on?
Besides making sure holding them today, let her with the contract.
What else is there that I can do? I don't know.
I'm going to walk out. I'm going to go pee and Joe's head if you.
You people are crazy.
You think that George will want me to expect me to get up and walk out if they can't his add?
Of course not.
Have to be a crazy person to do that.
Here's one that says, flea is allying a whore. Don't trust that bitch with a phone number.
Don't trust that bitch.
Makes me twitch and kind of itch when I hear about that bitch.
Chris says if this will be George's last day, please place some bits with him involved as a character
of participating like Old Neal and Poiple veins or George plays a comb or something.
I just played it.
Yeah, I'll also co-wrote it.
So sorry to hear all the stress that's unnecessary.
I know George will land on his feet.
He's amazing. He's loyal on the company employee.
Yes, he is.
And that's what he's going to get punished for.
His loyalty to me.
That put him on the Schmidt list of day he came in the early before.
Yeah, day one.
Jackie says, need of God.
So tell me what good is a contractive management doesn't have to follow it.
Isn't that a breach of contract?
Tell me you're going to go after them for not following the contract.
Okay, Jackie, I'm going to go after them.
Tell me this.
Tell me that. Do this. Do that.
George, I wish you well. You'll survive this.
And I guess the question is, after everything you in the event through the station
and you see how they treat employees, do you really want to work there?
There's no job security there. You can do better.
I've enjoyed you both for many years. You'll be missed.
I'm sure we'll hear you on here at a station that I'll appreciate you.
And to the management, you are heartless bastards.
Good luck, George. We love you, says Jackie.
Thanks, Jackie.
Tell me you're going to do this and tell me you're going to do that.
And tell me you're going to like him.
Pay yourself on a sharp object and take a bunch of blood pressure pills
and go into a coma and die.
No.
Gordo says, tell George, don't let the doorknob hit you with a good lord's split.
George, just kidding. We'll miss you even though you suck on the ear.
How do you like that?
From a backhanded slap in the ass.
Johnny Dork says, I'm sorry to hear about George.
Since he's leaving, I'd be willing to sit in on the show for 300 bucks a show.
Tell you, I'm willing to come in and help during the summer.
I know Greg Vudell is interested as well.
Johnny Dork, over my dead body, you and Greg Vudell are match made in purgared blood.
I'm going to go to Rayman.
A couple of real radio losers, radio drifters.
Barry MacCockner says, Mr. Beginning of the show of the Announcements canning.
No, it's just that everybody in the building seems to know about it.
If so, Joe Bell is a huge douche nozzle says Barry MacCockner.
You're a huge douche nozzle, Joe.
But don't discuss this on the air.
Oh, well, tell me about it.
I think, Norm, I think too much bad weed, man.
It affects your mind.
No question.
As I emailed you over the weekend on Saturday, he didn't email me anything about discussing anything on here or not.
But it's like, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Paul says, listening to you both for years now, I've labbed and informed and entertained more than I could have hoped for.
However, this is very real, and I can feel the tension coming out over the airwaves.
Two days ago, in my company, we received notice of upcoming involuntary separations layoffs to us working people.
This waiting for me and what they're doing to George is almost unbearable.
Your show has suffered the wrath of Joyce due to it all starting with Janet Jackson's malfunction.
When many stations have loosened up and people have negotiated more wiggle room to speak freely, WQM has tied your hands even more.
As long as you are there, I'm here.
But when you go, I move down the dial to Dr. Laura.
Oh, God.
Anywhere but a Beasley station.
George, best wishes, hope to hear from you soon.
Needle to they buy you out or not.
How soon can you start elsewhere?
Yeah, maybe I should consider all those big offers that are coming.
You know, from Greg Budell and...
Right, take your time with Mr. Radio Allos.
Who's the one with the Orlando deal, which...
Oh, the Phantom Informer, right?
All the fakers all the time.
Here's the real Ron.
No funny name it says, the real Ron.
It sucks that you have no control over your own show.
It seems that a show that's had the same producer for 18 years,
it was one of the most successful shows in the market for that period,
should continue without forced changes.
You should really get a real agent-slash attorney.
As near I can tell, you don't have a loving relationship with him, so why keep him?
Norma? Oh my God.
How can you negotiate a contract that includes a pay cut with no control?
Should be able to get some...
This is a new contract.
Ron.
Should be able to get some leverage along with the green with the cut.
Makes no damn sense.
Might want to get a second opinion about the language in your contract
from a more real attorney.
Good luck, George.
Maybe you can knock up on another station and it allows fart sounds and acts sort of normal.
Needy referring to Mad Dog, show I emailed you before that he has no material except football.
He may be a fine fellow, but he isn't a pro like Hank who came up with a show every day.
No matter what sports he's in it was.
Heard to me yesterday there were three people on the show.
Maybe he had to cut George's nuts so we can have another person.
What does that mean? Do you understand that?
No, I don't know.
Well, they did cut your nuts.
Didn't help though.
Don't cut!
David says, sorry to hear about George, can honestly say I started listening to the show because of George.
I started listening to Summer when he did the show by himself.
I'm sorry to hear that he's leaving and most likely will not be listening to the show once he's gone.
How do you like that for a shot at me, huh?
Most likely will not be listening once he's gone.
Boy.
Maybe the fleas got his own fan club.
You think he's going to bring a bunch of fans to the show, the flea master?
I don't know.
He's on standby for tomorrow.
Yeah, he's on deck.
He's on deck?
Yeah, like baseball.
Rob says, I hate Joe Bell with a passion.
I wish the Lord would have taken him out long ago, if that jerk.
Please, George, do something to Joe Bell before you leave.
Let it be violent.
Take a fist to his face.
Take a fist to his balls.
Just fist the bastard.
That ain't me.
I beg your pardon?
That ain't me.
No, that's not George.
Did I miss a spot here somewhere?
No, I did not.
Not that I saw.
What?
Not that I saw.
Well, you better keep your eye on it, okay, mister?
Of course.
Because you're still on the...
Oh, no.
Fixed a spot.
Problem, bro.
Clock is still ticking.
And taking a lickin'.
Well, at least my stomach pain subsided and I don't have to joist profusely.
Like I thought I was gonna...
Hmm.
There's one of us.
One of what?
One of us has no more stomach pains.
No, I'm sure you do.
Neil and George, tell management they blow and leave now.
Be a man.
Please go to lunch.
What's your take on American Idol tonight?
I don't care.
This stokebroker rick you're in.
You're a moron.
I take on American Idol.
The whole world is crumbling around us and this jackball wants to know about American Idol.
Dear Neil, I'm one of your oldest listeners of George Leaves.
We will have to turn the station off.
Why is WQM doing this?
Are they crazy?
Hope you'll end up on satellite in the short term.
I'm sure we'll hear both of you soon, says Al.
Yeah, Al, Alan Weston says, yeah.
We'll be on satellite.
With great BDL.
These people talk out of their ass.
They talk fantasy garbage.
Oh, they're interested in you in Orlando.
They're just call this one and call that one and call, you know, call for Philip Morris.
That was done almost to a point.
Boy, it's a really schmitty day.
I'll tell you that.
Here, an avid listener to your station.
I'm so disappointed.
I can't get that flood off and say the clock at night.
I have nothing else to listen to at night.
Please, but to get it off, we know the enjoyer.
Thank you.
And our live from Rijel 7, it's the new Hodge show.
I like the keys of the song for the party.
The D of time, I like the American Pieces.
The Litty Guides, oh, I don't sing off key.
This is why they learn a karaoke.
Yeah, I loved the way that I'd been ended.
The bitch haven't been the same since, sir.
Thoka, dying, dying.
I know.
Yeah, I heard that was some party crack read through.
Yes.
But thing I didn't go much of dancing.
Of course, it's not easy flying back here from Rijel 7.
I know.
Thank God.
I'm here.
It's all over for you, poor Schlepp.
Stuck on Earth.
Yes.
President, no, well, well, if you're lucky, that crackhead is the last bus to rig an election.
Who's on this line?
The Litty Guides.
Mr. Rogers?
Speaking.
Sir, and let me tell you, the clip out coupons in Thursday's paper are the shipping.
I discovered to my son.
No, it is his job.
Yes, I know.
Got him off.
It was two brake stones for 99 cents each.
Now, I don't know about you.
That's right.
They tried to pedal me two brake stones for the price of two brake stones cottage cheese when the coupons clearly stated.
Well, use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails.
Now, who's this son?
Line 7 and 9.
Klingon, penal colony.
Hello.
I forgot internet.
Three tires.
I got a, okay, I'm not note.
You know, I got a renegotiate my contract.
How about a one minute show, huh?
You can fill the other three minutes.
That's right.
Sport will concubine his next.
George.
Bye, bye, bye.
118 at 5.60 WQAM.
Peggy is a delusional.
Peggy says the online streamer of both your site and WQM site is not working.
Wrong.
Wrong, Peggy.
If the show isn't streaming, then how come she's the only one that's a belly.
Can you write or get emails from all these other people?
What?
Right.
We'd be getting a lot.
We'd be getting several people saying what's going on with a streaming?
Sorry, Peggy, but operator error, I think.
You got a problem.
You got Sura's Peggy.
Of course, she can't hear me saying it anyway because the streaming is not working.
What?
We're exactly.
Larry says I usually tune in about 10, 30 every day.
Yesterday, I thought George took a pay cut and the meal was sealed.
When did we say you were taking a pay cut?
I don't remember that.
You're dreaming, Larry.
Today, I tune in all hell is breaking loose.
I thought he was always part of the deal when you signed out of the WQM.
He was and he is.
I know that you're loyal to the people who work for you just like how it's firm as to his peeps.
Or maybe this is sweeps week live on TV and we all wake up and it was a dream.
Oh, yeah.
Always with you, Larry.
Well, thanks, Larry, but I didn't know a dream.
Yeah, I didn't know it's sweet.
We find out this morning through the grapevine that everybody else in the building knows that this is George's last day, supposedly.
Only nobody's telling him.
And if it is, thanks for the memory.
Thanks for everything.
Welcome.
Whatever you need from me, other than money, you got it.
Other than money.
I ain't gonna ask any.
Zizko says, won't take much of your time.
QM is not a ship sinking.
It's a ship that is sunk.
And you and George are stuck in a tiny pocket of air that's slowly closing.
Get out while you can.
Grab George by the belt.
He's a strong swimmer.
Go somewhere else already.
Please love you guys.
Z. Yeah, that's easy.
Just send emails and all of a sudden we'll pop up and make billions of dollars.
Yeah.
Now these people are in denial.
They don't understand the nature of the business and the nature of the economy.
Nature of everything that's going down.
Marlowe says, Neil, is this a joke about George?
No, it is not.
Go to our website.
Read Tommy Jikka's column from the Sun Central.
Two days ago.
Questions and answers.
Oh, Joe, I already read this one from Joe Howard.
Oh, here's one from the fake Joe Bell.
Will do everything to hurt you with someone once said, George's firing is just part of it.
Again, this is the business we've chosen, Joe B.
Yeah.
Choose this.
Joe B.
Joe B, a real bastard.
Is what he be.
Came in there and shook your hand.
Oh, congrats on the great book.
Bapabah, you still here?
I'm surprised you didn't say that during the same conversation.
Ishma says you could end this right now, R-I-T-E, by hiring George.
It will only cost you about five to seven percent of your yearly salary.
This would be the best dress free investment you could make.
Also, just tell Johnny Joe to write you a check and you will leave.
Oh, yeah, please.
Trust me, he has a contract lawyer studying your contract for any loophole to fire you.
I'm sure of that.
There is no such thing as a guaranteed contract, especially one drawn up by Norma, who is a civil lawyer.
Says Ishma, Ishma Ahmed, who's kin to Kushmer and Tochis.
How do you like that?
I'm sure they're studying all the loopholes.
Yeah.
Maybe Joe was even eating fruit loops.
You think?
Fruit loopholes.
Fat man after darks is, you can be as hostile as you want.
And while 95 percent of the blame falls to the feet of Joe Berlin, WQM, the listeners have a point that you've kept norma can't on your payroll for years,
while continuing to bitch and moan about all of his screw-ups.
And now you've allowed him to screw a hardworking loyal person in George.
I sense this could have been avoided if it weren't for the world's oldest teenage girl who gets defensive win challenge and refuses to do what needs to be done.
I honestly don't know if I'll listen to if George has gone for the simple reason I can't support someone who could have done a lot more to make this situation better.
Oh, I see.
There we go again.
Turn it on me.
Have fun with it. Go right ahead.
It's all your fault, Neal. If you didn't have norma, pop hate, Janko, look what we got.
Here's one that says, I just turned to radio one. This was 1031 AM.
And haven't heard George did he finally get fired? He hasn't heard you, George.
Here I am.
There he is.
I'm still here.
I like George as the producer, but hate, hate, hate him on a year.
Hate, hate, hate. Not just one hate.
Three hates.
I see.
I love you as the producer, but hate you on a year.
But of course, Joe, he wants to flee on a year. He likes to flee a lot better on the year.
I've heard this.
I don't trust him.
I'll tell him that if he's there tomorrow morning, I will tell him that if he's there God forbid.
I don't.
You blame me?
Well, don't answer. You can't be objective because you're as close personal buddy.
Right?
That was down 188.
Registrar says, I missed the whole deal about George's departure, though now it sounds like he's not leaving.
This was yesterday.
I only got a small window to listen to each day while driving the lunch.
So if only heard bits and pieces of the effort by someone at the station dump, George.
Oops, am I allowed to say dump or will Joyce send the fart police after me?
That's right.
In any event, it's obvious to anyone who has a brain that George is the glue to your show and being the glue has much to do with the success.
You're the talent George is the glue, but apparently the stationist elements that are either blind to this, too stupid to realize it,
or have a subliminal desire to kill what is the best talk show on the year.
Slowly, powers and management have chosen to incrementally erode your ability to keep a robust listening base.
Wow. What verbiage, huh?
Eliminating the sound effects which were always good for laugh and killing the more risk a bit, many of which were genius.
And I would effort to dispatch with George, all seem to be what we call in my business, quality creep.
That is, one reduction in quality alone doesn't make something so much less palatable that it won't be bought,
but a combination of quality reductions each, uns sequentially evaluated only on the individual impact will ultimately be the product and possibly the business with it.
Are you listening JB, Joe Bell? Please play Barney takes a dump.
Right, it says right.
Right.
Charles and Pinecress says, I've been in the corporate world for 35 years, never seen a situation play out like this.
One other company would let this in you into about George's job, continue for this long.
How do you torture someone by letting them work while they know their George is up without communicating with them?
You've said a lot of negative things about your bosses in the past, but you don't need to say anything more about Charlie, Joe.
I've learned all I need to know from just watching this situation play out.
You've forgotten more about radio than any of these clowns know, and they don't even have the decency to talk to you about this.
I don't always love what George is talking about, but I have the utmost respect for his loyalty to you and his undertaking of trying to fill in for you.
I'm so upset right now, I feel like marching over there and taking a big joy son, Charlie, Joe's car.
I'm sure this wouldn't happen, but I think it's something that they dedicated listeners of the show to protest this move in some way.
I'm sure it'll have no effect on that ass clon, but we're mad as hell, and we're not going to take it anymore, so Charles and Pinecress.
How do you like that? Thanks, Chuck.
Thanks a lot. Keep your chin up, Chuck.
Whoops.
Brandon says the bad news already came in threes because first they took Chris away from you, then reduced your pay in our George.
I think the first day cut my pay in half and they took away fat Chris and our George.
They're just debolving the show. They're just slicing and dicing like I said the other day. Slicing and dicing.
Let's see if there's anything new here in my hot mail, do you think?
No.
Well, how do you know? There might be some good news.
What? Just guessing.
It's not coming up. It's not opening my hot mail. Oh boy. That means there might be something on it. You think?
No.
In box. Nope. The last one. The private email from Norma can't.
458 votes on the poll in Russia's kicking ass. He's got 272 votes. Michael Savage, number two, with 100.
Oh, Neil. You're listening to Neil Rogers.
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Gov. Gov.
Talking on a sports show. Trying to be my show.
Your voice sounds just like a seventh year old girl. A little sports host.
Oh, she'll watch else. Are you there for Geldy?
Geldy? Talking like a baby.
Who needs a little training? Why can't you understand?
You don't sound like a man. Remove the rubber bands. That joke.
Your scrout comes Geldy. Geldy. Geldy.
Geldy. Your lucky management don't care. Cause Geldy.
You don't belong there on the air. And Geldy.
Those sports can't wait till your voice pranks. Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
Oh, Geldy. Geldy.
When you're gone and grow up. You make us want to grow up.
You feel these squeaky poos. Go to broadcasting school.
Your freaky bass and voice make you sound like a pun.
You're a ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho
I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to
ky word to the country, although. flew.
You can save him. I'll continue to listen. If not, I will have to go and protest.
Although no offense. No, no offense.
George, can you email me back another email address so I can keep in touch and find out
where your next show will be? If George gets a gig, I'll be the first one to tell you about it.
Right. I'll be answering the emails on this, you know,
from the department. I'll be continuing to answer the George at Neil Rogers dot com.
Right. I've listed the two of you almost every day for years.
I remember when teen daughter wasn't even teenage, you're now. She's outgrown her teen years.
Good luck. Harry and the Sun and I was beach. Thanks, Harry.
Good luck to you. Oh,
Paul says, wanted to send my best wishes, hoping George would get a reprieve, but I guess not.
I don't know. We don't know until two o'clock. I don't know.
George will have to send me a text message at like 201. Let me know if he gets out of the building alive.
Right. George, thanks a lot for last over the years. I can't tell you how many times I wanted to reach
through the radio and choke you with some of the things you said, especially this,
I like to listen to you talk about the Bible and that dinosaur screech.
Things are tough all over us. I've arrived too late. I'll also be taking two weeks of unpaid days off this summer.
If possible, can I hear that dinosaur screech one more time? It's Godzilla.
Is that what it is? Yeah, I don't got that. No, I do. Oh, that's what I'm talking about my wife.
One of your few female listeners, Paula. Well, thanks, Paula.
Fleet bite says you think it'll really go down. What will happen to how will they do it?
Joe walks in, does it in person? Norma receives or calls an email or email receives a caller email.
Person from human resources calls George their office. We don't have any human resources. Are you crazy?
And I don't have my bonus check with George.
Leasing both home.
The failure to send the bonus check might be an additional part of trying to piss me off,
although they paid the paycheck three days early. So that doesn't make much sense. Does it? No.
Hey, Clarence, where's my bonus check? You bonehead. Well, that's right. They're all over the other building now. So
maybe that's where it is. Yeah, that's probably where it is sitting around.
Remember how many times we've had that Chuck your good friend from high life cafes says what a crock.
I can't believe they're trying to get rid of you George. What a joke. When we first did the Neil deal.
Of course, it was because we love Neil in the show. However, as much as we like Neil,
we continue to do the deals because of you as you've actually eaten here in our studio on the days of the events.
You've generated so much business for high life cafe from your wonderful and sincere mentions of our business.
When your listeners come here, nine out of 10 that say they heard us from George on the new Roger show.
You are truly a class act. You and your lovely wife are always welcome to eat at high life.
Gradest as there's no remuneration that could compensate for the wonderful word of mouth.
You generated for our business. How do you like that? Thanks Chuck. Thanks for what you've done for us.
We look forward to seeing you here at high life cafe very soon. That's always Chuck high life cafe. What a guy.
Keep trying to talk to you. You know, you know, three meals. I keep trying to talk to you.
We're going to see Jeff Cohen to ponies. I'll keep trying to talk you into going there. Yeah, high life cafe.
We're eating time. I'm down there. I'll do it. Make it a point. Even the air tastes good.
Tim and Miami says the loss of George from your show saddens me. I wish we were lucky and rectum find the situation via a court action.
Otherwise, I hope to find the George Rodriguez show soon in the market and closing Zagazunt.
Zagazunt George. All the best. Thank you from all of us. Mercy buckets.
Can't say I'm real sorry about the situation, but please talk about something else, such as that this reminds me of the old days with the colors.
Oh, or so tired of hearing what you're talking about. And I would say, well, what else do you want to hear about anything else?
Anything other than what you're talking about? Please talk about something else up yours. Can.
Here's one that says why looking at the QM website, I realized that under the contact us tab, the phone number and email addresses of Joe Bell.
Parents, they're only Feldman are there. I know you'd never advocate as calling them. But can we call them? Like you have to ask my permission. Do whatever you want.
Can we call them? I mean, is that we for what? Is that is that week? Yeah. Week. Good God. Robins says had the pleasure of meeting George and his lovely older daughter at Roller Derby girl match.
I've been honestly dismayed. What is that? That speed? Oh, that thing popped up on my screen again. Oh, that speed up my PC thing that blew up. I hate that thing.
But I just made it go away. Go away.
Anyway, what did this say? Robin. Oh, I've been honestly dismayed with what is happening. However, you are both gentlemen. Everything will come out fine. I will missing greatly if it is happens. No, we're not gentlemen. Either one of us.
Did you arrive or claim to be a gentleman? No, but I know. Tony says I've been listening to you in George for years. Now I'm sorry to say if he goes, I'll go as well.
I will not listen to that. Schmidt of a station for another second. The final nail in the coffin for South Florida's talk radio and just one more of the many for South Florida in general.
Joe Belkin, die of an Fingert attack. I'd be have it is Schmidt on his grave afterward. Thanks for all the great years, Neil and the YouTube George is Tony. Thanks.
I do like that. He's going to go do a squat. Well, squats, not to like. Brian Orlando says where man is hell. We're not going to take it anymore. How do you like that? That should solve it. Yeah.
Oh my God. Wait till you see this one from the fake Wayne Heisenberg. Let me open that right now. It's a stick. Stop trying to fool everyone. This is all about your stick. Everyone knows the characters. Neil and George. Our voice is done by Phil Henry. Right. That's right. Oh God. Are you sure? Are we? Yeah. Oh, good. God. Oh.
Chuck from Bokeh says George, if this happens, that it, which I hope it does not, I just want to let you know I've been listening to you both for many years. And it's been great.
In mature people don't like to see others have fun and be better than them. You both have been better than many. And it's been a lot of fun. Says Chuck from Bokeh. Well, thanks, Chuck. Thank you. Jimmy Dwarfsky says. How about this for a half price deal tomorrow? That what we don't have one. George takes a 50% pick up to stay on the show.
In all seriousness, if it really is his last day, I'm sad to see him go in the show won't be the same without him. I think he's great as a producer and on air. I won't presume to tell you how to handle the situation, but at least take comfort of the knowledge that everyone recognizes this whole thing is a big steamy pile of bullshit.
I humbly request you play the Ricky Roma rant directed at Joe Bell and they dedicated to George. Where did you learn your trade? Whoever told you you could work with men. Thanks for everything. George is Jimmy Dwarfsky. Thank you. Your close personal buddy.
Oh Larry King my remarkable journey, the U.S. Times best. I'll pass on that. I'll pass. Oh.
Here's one that says text me at two. Also, George keep me updated. Yeah, I'm going to start texting people at two o'clock. Jeff and Davies says you're my favorite gay meal.
And I hate George and flea couple of silly ass clowns that should have their own show on that queer station. They have on serious XM. Five sixty only has room for one flaming smoker. And that's you won't go.
Leo get rid of George and flea as soon as possible. So Jeff and Davie. Okay. No bonus check today. Long pass due. They don't care enough to send their very best and remember jolly Joe Bell saying, Oh, I can't wait to sign your bonus.
I'm going to check. Neil is if he signs the paychecks. Ryan and Orlando says, we're mad as hell not going to take this anymore. Please find a way to get away from WQM. I live in Orlando. Listen to real radio. Mostly the Phillips file in the afternoon.
They have a great signal. It covers coast to coast. A ton of the Tampa. The signal goes by south of Port St. Lucy, North to St. Augustine. I emailed the PD of the station. Got to reply back from captain Brown saying they're fans of yours. They're considering you from it days. All there we go with that again. If she replies back to me. Nobody listen. Why won't they reply to you?
I find this hard to believe do something since Brian Orlando. What am I going to do? Yeah, something do something. Yeah, I'm going to do something at two o'clock. I'm going to get up out of here. I'm going to soak my head.
I feel like I've got a gigantic boil on my neck where my head used to be. Listen to Neil Roger. This station stands for nothing. Do you have to take your daughter to see the new Jonas Brothers movie? You need the Jonas Brothers movie survival kit. Each survival kit comes with a sleep mask so you don't have to watch your blood so you don't have to hear and a sign. I'd capsule just in case the mask and plugs don't work.
Oh my god, the Jonas Brothers. The Jonas Brothers movie survival kit. You can make it. The film is only 76 minutes long. The me those earplugs. I got the Jonas Brothers and the side. I got the Jonas Brothers 3D concert experience survival kit. It's too late for me. Save yourselves. 14.0.2 at 5.60. This could be your last quarter hour segment on the show ever. I know better make sure. Hope not. What better make it good? Come on.
What make me laugh? It worked. Didn't work. No, it did. I got a fad. Anyway, the fake Doug says Neil were crying over here. George, maybe Fat Paul and long Ron will hire you. You're better than toast. Why can't normal filing an injunction for you?
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I
don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don
know.
up yours, okay, fat old fag, and why won't you pay my salary?
Never even thought it.
Neither did I.
Nor did they ever mention it.
Norman's just assuming, you know,
he's just assuming what they're doing.
Yeah.
I'm assuming what they're doing is,
please get in your job.
And that they're trying to get me to walk.
I got news for it.
There's almost nothing in the world they could do
that'll give me to take a walk.
I'm an old, old troll, okay.
The economy's got a hell in my handbags,
good nobody's got work anymore.
I'm going to take a walk, a walk out with the state
that this business is in.
Knowing that even now that I've got employment
and I got those big numbers in the winter book,
even now there's nobody wants to pay me 50 cents,
including all these rumors, these stupid things about
serious and TKS, all this other garbage.
They're big fans of mine at TKS,
but not big enough to call Norma Kent
or to call me or you or anybody else.
So what's the story of my bonus check?
I know that's the least you're worries right now.
Who do I ask?
There's nobody in the building that I can say.
I thought I'd been walking around much, you know.
I'm just sitting around here.
I wouldn't if I were you.
You walked around this morning and it
created, it changed the whole show.
That was just on my way to the studio.
That was just on my way to the studio.
I didn't have to go anywhere special.
I thought you ran away to a choice.
Well, that's, you know, on the way to the studio.
Because you're on your way to the studio
and then next thing I know I hear,
oh, I'll be back.
I got to take all my personal stuff down to the car.
Yeah.
And then I'm trying to get a hold of you like what does that mean?
Is that because the station is moving today?
Is that because you're out or what?
You know, either one I'm moving out or over either way.
Outer over out and over.
Over and out.
Day from Cooper City says,
Neil, it's customer in the radio business for employees
not to get proper notice when they're being let go.
His management scared that the town could incur fines
for the station if it used derogatory language on the airs.
We avenge.
No, because then we get fined.
See, they changed a lot.
You can personally be fined by the FC and C.
I'm going to miss George, but we'll continue to listen to you.
So you can let the listeners know when George resurface
is on a different station.
You both are great.
Go, Bruins says day from Cooper City.
Yeah, Bruins are still alive and so the ducks,
the Bruins and the ducks, all the other animals.
Oh, and I forgot to mention this.
Jason Taylor is resigned with the dolphins.
Isn't that great?
Yeah, yeah.
I think Larry Zonk is going to be signed too
and Jim Kick and Bob Reesball.
Jason Taylor talk about going,
it's like the Leafs and Wendell Clark
and Doug Gilmore, same old, same old.
Oh, no, you're wrong, Neil.
He's the greatest defensive player.
You okay?
Nice haircut, by the way.
Jason, same one as mine.
I shaved my hair real short last night,
probably in anticipation of knowing this would be your last day.
Well, thanks.
Rick says, hey, Neil, if and when George gets the ax,
will that open up an opportunity to take a couple of phone calls?
No, it will not.
All these people are looking for an opportunity to take phone calls.
No, I got all the opportunity I want.
I got one coming on Friday that they've Johnson for the pregness.
Right.
And that's it.
Oh, I, you know, I never got to.
They, the atheists need help from that King guy.
Oh, well, well, thanks for reading it anyway.
And yeah, remember that guy was all,
been out of shape because I didn't read his thing.
Yes.
This came in early this morning.
Yesterday, a lab bastard ripped on his stations,
owned more new morning show by saying it sucked.
It doesn't sound like a vote of confidence
for the programming decisions over there.
He had Fred Willard on his show.
Yes, Dan must say it was hilarious to hear Dan have to dump Fred
for dropping an F bomb, changing the subject,
the hockey playoffs have been awesome.
Yadi, yadi, yadi, yadi.
Love you, Neil and George as a stupidest job
when you're gone.
He needs to stay, of course, Steve.
Of course, you know what?
I know it.
The whole world knows that the people listen to this show
and like the show know it.
And I think back to the very first day,
I told George he was going to be doing the fillings
when I saw over here, whatever.
One of my any vacations came along
and you looked at me and credulous.
What?
That's because I was craving my pants.
Were you?
Yeah.
And look how far he's come since then
and look at those summer ratings
and look at that winter rating book.
The fake Satan says you may have fooled
most of your listening audience, but you can't fool me.
I know for a fact it's illegal to fire a Cuban.
You can only do it if you have four or five other Cubans
lined up to take his place
and definitely have to call Castro to get approval.
Ain't that amusing?
That's only at a Cuban run company.
So if this is your last show indeed,
which I hope like hell, it's not
and I'm doing everything I know
and spread what these people are giving me a son of dance.
Look at this.
Would it be possible to post a short message
on your website after two o'clock,
letting the audience know if George is still hired or fired?
I think many new audience are generally interested
and will want to know.
Hope it's not a stupid idea.
Is it a possible?
Is it a possibility?
Yeah, you can do whatever you want.
I can do whatever the hell I want.
So like I said, thanks for the memories.
Thanks for being a great friend
and everything you've done.
And I'm trusting you'll be here tomorrow.
It's been a pleasure.
Has it for the most part?
Yeah.
Tell me about the part that hasn't been on today.
Or today is not going to pleasure.
Today has been brutal.
Rotten as a last week horrendous.
Don't forget, we need anything.
Call me except money.
Chicken echo, take care of you.
Trust me, I'm sure.
You're a thing to Neil Rogers.
It's day, if I am a town.
At five, six, oh, WQ.
Hey.
Open up, I say.
Let me in.
I got big news.
But I ain't got no makeup on.
That might come out.
You're clearing up in the door.
What?
You see this here?
Production starting on three stuages movie.
Still no decision on who will play Mo.
So why?
Don't you get it, mallet head?
They're thinking about this guy here
at the NCO del Toro.
Good actor.
Makes a great Lord Mo.
But he ain't no more.
I'm perfect for it.
Why I am more?
Once they get all out of me, it's a cinch
I'll get the lead role.
I get dreaming.
Dreaming, huh?
Well, say who's dreaming when I get back from Hollywood?
Did it?
Is he?
Ah, Hollywood at last.
I think this is the studio right here.
I hang this there where you think you're going.
I'll see here.
I get both.
How are the neighbors in this?
And I'm here for the new three stuages movie to make it.
I wouldn't go into that studio.
They're filming a gangster movie in there.
OK, get out of my way.
Hello, everybody.
I'm here.
The starter of your three stuages movie.
Eh?
I'm action.
You're the one who won't go into that studio.
You're the one who won't go into that studio.
You're the one who won't go into that studio.
Bye, bye, bye.
