The music expressed on the previous programs
with those of the host guests
and do not reflect those of the Beasley-Brite Test Group.
It's staffed, advertising, and the music.
The biggest names.
The best names.
We're going to play a great place
to hear on this next one.
To sports radio 560 WQAM.
Miami.
On the chart.
560 WQAM presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil.
Dyle 560 O560 in Dave Brown.
In other counties.
Call toll free 877785 Neil.
Or pound 560 on your AT&T.
And Verizon wireless phones.
The appendians expressed by Neil.
His guests or his colleagues.
Do not represent those of WQAM management.
Staff or sponsors.
Now the Neil Rogers Show.
On 560 WQAM.
Express is working.
It's Friday.
You best.
Hi, y'all.
It's Britney Spears with another blog update.
Well, I'm here with my new boyfriend.
He's a backup dancer on my tour.
What up?
And where about to watch an important speech
from President Obama?
Turn on the TV, babe.
Americans have bubble to be proud of.
On all forces on the draw of the devil.
The economy is getting back, but right.
And Britney Spears.
Hey, hey.
Yes, sir.
Did I hear what I think I heard?
The economy is back on track.
That's awesome.
Oh, senior is the Britney.
Oh, hi, Consuela.
She's my housekeeper, y'all.
Yes, senior is the Britney.
Yo tengo un mensaje más importante.
English, please, Consuela.
Oh, lo siento.
Yo r...
Is hanging out.
Cross of...
Dang!
I didn't even know she spoke English.
Uh, babe.
I think she said you're f...
Is hanging out.
Oh, I'm J.
So embarrassing.
Let me step this back in.
Okay, that's it for today's vlog.
TTYL, y'all.
TTYT, it's, uh, good Friday.
Well, and Pesach.
Really desperate.
Now, the red light is on, but I guess that's going to be on there forever until Eric
re-jiggers that thing, whatever.
Yeah, I just said to streaming that's working fine.
Streaming is working fine.
Ah!
Outlooking Express is working fine.
Nothing is coming in on it, but it's working fine.
Well, yeah, I don't know where you're...
We got flea here again today and then flea in George next week.
I'll be on vacation and the week after that me and George.
All right.
That's just the way it is, Jolly Jobelle.
They have taken a pairing knife.
You know what a pairing knife is?
Yes.
And they have scalped the show as much...
It's down to the bare bones.
We used to have a three-person show.
Now, it's a two-person show.
And one of these days, it's going to be an automated show.
And remember what I was telling you yesterday?
And I'm now more positive than ever.
They would kiss the ground.
They would...
Jobelle would clean up 4,000 turds if they could get me to take a walk.
I don't know about that.
Oh, yeah.
I'm telling you.
They want out... they want out of this deal.
Oh, we're paying them all that money.
How about if I take another 50% pay cut and then another one?
How about if I paid them to do the show?
How would that be?
Get out!
Yeah.
I think that's what eventually is going to come down to.
How much would you pay us to be on the air?
That's the new wave of radio.
How is it that everybody all of a sudden went bankrupt?
I just don't understand it.
Nobody's got any money.
Just all of a sudden we woke up one day and all it's an oppression
and everybody's broke and nobody's buying any houses or cars
and everybody GM is out of business.
I just don't get it.
Yeah.
Do you understand it?
No, not really.
I mean, I don't claim to know much about economics, but Jesus.
God.
It's all those toxic loans.
That's right.
I think it's more like the toxic people.
I think it's the toxic world in which we live.
But here we are at Sephiri day.
Happy Good Friday, dude.
I don't know.
I guess you just asked, dude.
Good Friday to you.
Yeah, good Friday.
Good day.
Paul Harvey used to say, good day.
Paul Harvey Jr used to say, good day.
We don't hear from him anymore.
No.
Let's take a look at the skeleton schedule.
I think we're going to have to go to the hospital.
Big O, two to four,
Gildy, four to seven,
for my dog.
Everybody's Catholic today.
Septus.
And then we got the beast from A to 11.
And then Greg don't like us, 11 to 1.
What's that all about Greg Likens on Friday night?
I'm not sure.
I think just to give him a show to try to get his chops going, I guess.
Well, I don't understand where all these budget cuts and everything.
And we still got a guy on.
Come on.
Slap on that ESPN radio.
I don't know the guy.
Maybe he's great on the air.
I doubt it.
He's a nice guy.
I wouldn't call him great on the air.
Nobody's a nice guy.
Is he good enough to replace Joseph Gackie?
Well, well, what?
I can't call that out.
I can't call that out.
I didn't say much.
Yeah.
I would agree with that.
Joseph Gackie is just grotesque.
Grotesque at best.
Okay, let's take a look at the poll.
Now, let me just see something.
I sent Erica Poll for the weekend.
And oh, there it is.
My favorite Easter candy is blank.
You know what I love?
What's that?
Are those Cadbury Easter eggs?
Oh, yeah, those are good.
Oh, my God.
I can eat a whole bag of those.
Yeah, and I'm big on the marshmallow peeps.
And the marshmallow peeps were back to that again.
Yep.
Free is into the peeps.
How is the peep in Tommy?
Did you see the talented Mr. Ripley?
Yes, I did.
Remember that line by Philip Seymour Schwartz?
How is the peep in Tommy?
That was a good movie.
Yeah, it was.
It was a little bit gay, but nevertheless.
Oh, here's somebody says happy Easter.
And that's it from JCS.
Well, what would be the why it's sent to me happy Easter?
Old Jew Fag like me happy Easter.
And I don't even want happy paysocks.
I don't even participate in this stuff.
Have a good time.
Roll out the Easter eggs.
Get the Easter Bunny going.
And don't be buying no bunny.
They had a thing on the news here last night about people that buy like little cute little bunnies for the kids.
And then the bunnies get to be big rabbits, you know rabbits.
And they're a pain in the ass and they drop those nasty.
You have to call Joe Bell.
Don't give me his email address a little later on.
Those come and clean up the rabbit turds.
Well, I'm not less messy than what he cleaned up the other day.
I'm sure it is.
I mean, rabbit turds are like bullets.
They're like BBs, large BBs, right?
He told me there was even feces on the wall.
I'm like, how did they get on the wall?
I don't know.
Oh, remember that song by the statler brothers feces on the wall down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down.
Yeah, feces on the wall.
That's one of my favorites.
He told you that, huh?
Yep.
So in other words, you guys had a heart to heart conversation about his turd cleaning episode the other day.
Yeah.
I'm telling you that's his calling in life.
He finally found a knife.
And after the call I got from him yesterday, which I'm not going to go into one year, but nevertheless, after that phone call,
I've decided that I've tripled my efforts.
I'm going to outlive that bastard if it's the last thing I do.
I'm going to dance on his grave, and then I'm going to pee on it.
Wow.
Then I'm going to take down my pants and drop some real serious turds, which he won't be able to clean out.
And just leave them there for eternity.
As they turn to stone the petrified turds on Joe Bell's grave.
Oh, God, well, that could be sexual pleasure to dance on his grave.
Evil person.
Good, Freddie, yours though.
So I don't understand that whole deal.
How long are we going to let this silence go?
I was waiting for you to break it.
No, I'm maybe I'll break wind.
Oh, don't do that.
I'm breaking the silence.
So we're streaming.
Everything is copacetic.
Let's make sure.
Let's see if the outlook is working.
I know it is because I got a couple of things, including one from our old friend Jeff Cohen.
I would say, oh, let's see.
Michael Hartman says, good Friday to you, Neil.
What does that mean?
Is this this is this what you people are down to now?
And it's a picture of a long pier.
I don't know what that's supposed to be.
Yeah, maybe that's a message for Joe Bell.
Only in his case, I'll be a short pier.
Take a long walk off a short pier.
He just really frosted my ass.
He just obnoxious.
I was just walking into woodbying yesterday at three o'clock.
Mm-hmm.
And my blackberry rings.
And I saw the number on there that, oh, no, not Joe Bell.
And as always, every call from him is a downer.
Everyone, never like any good news, anything positive.
It's always a downer.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Go away, Joe.
Go slice and dice some other show.
Go stab somebody else in the back.
I'm surprised you answered it.
Well, what do you mean you surprised the answer?
Why not?
I don't know.
You're walking into woodbying.
You see that call?
I think I might just let a good voicemail.
That's just me, though.
And then we got disconnected.
And I actually made an attempt to call him right back,
but he called me right back.
So he beat me to the punch.
It was the way it was windy.
The wind was blowing, and I should have been knowing.
If I saw that number, the most negative person I've ever encountered in my life.
During good times, bad times, when are the good times of this place?
Two and a half years since he's been around.
They've been all bad times.
Straight downhill.
I'm not blaming him for the economy, but nevertheless, why not?
Now, when's Jesse Agriestartin doing the voice of Keynes to sports?
I don't know.
Well, you said that before the show this morning, you think Jesse would be a hell of a lot better than the crap we got now.
I don't want to get you in trouble with clearance, though, because I know he's a butch boss.
He'll come and grab your ass.
So here's a, this is, I think, the only one we got this morning from Jeff Cohen.
Well, we got those once in happy good Friday or whatever it says.
Yeah, good, yeah, good Friday.
Now, let me try to get it straightened out.
Good Friday, isn't this the day that Christ was crucified?
I think so.
So what's good about it?
I don't know.
And then Easter Sunday is not the day he rose from the dead.
I believe so.
Oh, boy, what a story.
What a bubble-macing.
My God.
Oh, good morning, Neil.
Happy Passover says Jeff Cohen and back to you, Jeff, just in order to say,
high and happy Passover, as usual, this time they are busy with the pizza loft,
Matsalazanya and Passover pizza, the Matsapizza.
I try to keep up with you when I work, but I'm not in my office much where the Internet and Radio R.
Dove keeps me up to date.
Always listen when I'm in the car.
By the way, we sold 14 certificates yesterday.
I forgot to tell you all about that before the show.
Well, we don't can't do it now.
No.
I knew that was going to happen.
It was a limit of one and it was, you know, the last two weeks in a row.
It's been set up as kind of like guaranteed failure.
We got to pick up on a Gulf Stream later on at 145.
We got Craig as our contestant.
And I'm picking in the second race the one Nicole saw with Javier Costelano.
Jeff says, this is the week where we see a lot of customers from the old days
and you come up on a regular basis.
A lot of talk about the days of remotes and personal appearances,
how you put us on the map and how often I see with the loft.
Rumor called when his team was in town, but didn't make it in.
Have a great weekend and hope to see you on your next visit, your loyal friend.
Thanks for everything over the last 35 years. Jeff at the pizza loft.
Which is a not, you know, not too subtle way for mining people
that every year at this time he does the matsu pizza and the matsu lasagna.
Yeah, let me tell you his garlic knots are the best.
Garlic, what is like garlic knots?
The garlic rolls.
Oh, they're so good garlic knots.
Some people call not some people know, nobody calls them knots garlic rolls.
I've been nobody calls them knots. I've heard not garlic roll not.
We got the best garlic rolls ever in my lifetime.
I never heard that expression garlic knots. Where'd you come up with that?
That's they call that Tampa. Yeah, probably it's ham for things.
Sure is probably all the going over there. Oh, then garlic knots are wonderful.
It does have phenomenal garlic rolls.
See you in some matsu pizza.
You in George next week. Keep that in mind.
Okay.
Because he does occasionally still even though the sales department pissed him off and chased him away.
He still occasionally spends a few bucks.
And hopefully he's doing well. Thanks Jeff. Good hearing from you.
So we got Wayne Arnold is back open business and Jeff Cohen is still doing it.
Get man to try.
I have to. I have to.
Do you have an ugly two year old? Of course you do.
Because all two year olds are ugly unless they've had the necessary plastic surgery and beauty treatments.
At desperate parents plastic surgery, we can help.
You see now is the time to keep your toddler from going down the path of ugliness.
Like preemptive anti-wrinkle injections, chemical peels, pre-team, bee cup, breast and plants,
but enhancers and collagen lip procedures.
When our Jenny started walking, her stubborn baby fat convinced us that liposuction in her formative years
would help her experience all the psychotic vanity we've enjoyed all our lives.
So what are you waiting for? An FDA approval?
Don't let that stop you.
Call desperate parents plastic surgery today and have your toddler shake that money maker tomorrow.
Please make sure your child is no longer on a pacifier.
As this could impair the healing of the collagen lip procedure.
1017 at 560 WQM happy a good Friday or unhappy good Friday or happy pay soft or whatever all of this stuff.
Lot of crap going on. A lot of people traveling.
Nobody on the roads roads are wide open. Nobody at the QAM today.
It places vacant. I'm told very empty. Very empty is Joe Bell there today?
Yes, I saw him earlier. Did you really? No one do you sound a little bit down?
And Clarence is here too. I just saw his baby.
Oh my god. Well, he can't be Catholic, you know? No.
Good, Joe boy like Clarence. He can't be kind of... What kind of a name is Dero anyway?
I don't know.
Doesn't sound Jewish to me. Not really. Maybe he's make believe, Joe, like you are.
Yeah, could be. Here's the pull from yesterday. I just changed it by the way.
And I put the one about the Easter candy on there, but Charlie B left off my favorite.
What's that?
Which is the Cadbury eggs, which is not the Cadbury cream filled eggs. It's the Cadbury, the little hard candies.
Okay, I'll put that on there. What? I'll put that on there.
Cadbury eggs. Don't know what it is. People who are really kind of sewers of Easter crap.
Here's the pull from yesterday. If I could spend an hour with someone from my past, it would be.
We had 664 votes pretty weak, but then again, look at the Atam of the Year, baby.
And look at that show we had yesterday. A technical disaster.
A disaster. Kind of like a phone call from Joe Bell. It's always a disaster.
A next girlfriend or boyfriend, 192. I could spend an hour.
My father, 169. No old friend, 109. My mother, 102.
Now that's interesting because we have a largely male audience, most almost entirely.
And yet, I don't know. The mothers are like way behind here, dragging behind.
Generally, guys have bad fathers and good mothers. Or just crappy parents, you know.
My ex-boss 23, a former teacher 20, a sibling 20, an ex-boss 14.
Oh, that sounds good. Where's Greg Read when we need him?
He's starting to look really stellar in retrospect.
My shrink 7, my old priest minister, a rebel 6, and a former coach 2.
Former coach. Hey, coach, hey, coach. That whole coach thing, man.
That just leaves me wild.
All these coaches for life. You know, the bear, Brian, crowd, and Woody Hayes, all those other far-bison.
I've just obsessive. Don Shula. There's a, oh, you can't knock the shoes, myster.
I mean, if these people weren't coaching football, what else would they be doing?
Can you answer that question? No, not really.
Bobby Bowden. There's a real Yehu for you. Steve Spurrius.
Real A-S clown. Andres says Neil is joe the unrestu human alive. People picking on Joseph Gackie.
Joseph Gackie sucks, okay?
Okay, it says he looks like a mutant. He looks like one of the mutants from the movie The Hills Have Eyes 2.
Says Harvey Wallbanger in West Park. Well, Harvey, I don't think Joseph Gackie is the unrestu human alive, but he is old, old penis face.
I think that was a flea that coined that expression, penis face for Joseph Gackie. Wasn't it?
That's right. You're not supposed to criticize him. I forgot.
Now, did that discussion really take place or is that a joke? I don't know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
What a place. Clarence defending Joseph Gackie. That's because Joe is his mentor. You do understand.
Clarence is such a putty. He probably really believes Joe belongs on the air.
But then again, it's the canes, baby. It's the canes. It's that whole fraternity of silly people.
Only one thing I can say about that.
Oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my.
Now, why are we picking on Joseph Gackie on Good Friday? I don't know.
Yeah, Baron Fitz says happy anniversary of some dude getting Neil to a cross. Let's celebrate. I don't know.
I don't want to like to start picking on people's holidays because they're all full of crap.
All the religious holidays and all the religions are all full of crap.
Wait until I get to this story in a second here about the Archbishop says,
pending report to show Irish priests abuse thousands of children, not hundreds, not dozens, thousands of children.
Aaron says Aaron, I don't know how many goyms named Aaron, do you?
No. Aaron says I believe the proper Good Friday greeting is blessed Good Friday.
I'm just guessing because this is what someone posted on my Facebook this morning. Are you still Twittering, by the way?
Here and there. Just for the station, not for me so much.
Just for the station. Yeah. What does that mean?
The station has a Twitter. Oh no. Yeah.
Oh, this shows got a Twitter too, but it's not it's unauthorized. It's some it's fake.
We also have a Facebook also fake. We have a MySpace, but nobody writes on it anymore. So, yeah.
Yeah. Nobody loves this anymore. That's okay. I can handle it. I can deal with it.
Got a nice vacation coming up. It's starting at two o'clock and I'm going to make the most of it.
I'm thinking and I just I'm just telling you remember the moment 1022 a.m. Friday, April 10th.
Okay. I might just disappear. For good? Yeah. And never be heard from again.
I'm just telling you I'm adding. I'm different things go through your mind. Okay.
Here's one from Vince. The alleged reason for them good Fridays because it's today Jesus Christ died for our sins. Oh!
I'm not interested in Easter either. I say more gay stuff says events in Jacksonville.
Do you think this guy is hot? I think spending some time with him would make for a good Friday.
He's got a picture of a guy. No, not even not even look warm. No. No.
But good luck to events. Have a good time. Make it a good Friday.
Oh, Ray says happy past so recent past Easter.
When I was growing up my for cock the family celebrated everything whenever Easter fell during Passover.
I was got kosher for pace off candy and my Easter basket. Evidently was okay to celebrate Easter as long as we didn't eat plumets.
No wonder I'm spending so much money on therapies. Ray, yeah, those religion is still do it to you every time.
Al Dente says D.Fo is appearing at the Al Cassino this afternoon.
Just thought I'd get tip you off. Clue you in. Put you in the loop. Give you the buzz. Put a bug in your ear. Put you on notice.
Lay it on you. Hope to see you there. Al. Yeah. We really care about D.Fo. Yeah.
And his big number 0.3. What's the point, D.Fo?
Dana, who's a guy? Dana can be I'm trying to think of that singer Dana.
Oh, it's a long time ago. Nobody will remember.
There was Bill Dana. My name was a humanist. Remember Bill Dana? No. No. Wait before your time. My name was a humanist.
But anyway, Dana says I'm a guy. I was talking to my roommate about good Friday. We agreed it's nothing to celebrate.
Then the ass founds that talk bad about George. George is cool. Have a great weekend guys.
Loving the show. This is Dana. And by the way, I'm a guy. Yeah, we believe you, Dana.
A guy with a vagina, but nevertheless, oh, we got 28 votes on the new poll. All right.
My favorite Easter candy is Cadbury cream eggs eight.
Chocolate bunnies five. Hershey kisses four. Hershey kisses our Easter candy.
Yeah, I don't think so. Get out of here. Charlie B.
Charlie, you be crazy. Hershey kisses our Easter candy. My ass.
Marshmallow peeps four. I bet you voted for that. I did.
Melton chocolate Easter eggs are a melted chocolate Easter eggs three. Jelly beans three. I can't eat any two. Cadbury eggs one.
You know what we're missing is the pastel M&M's.
Gummi bunnies none marshmallow Easter eggs none. Marshmallow Easter eggs have none.
So what the pastel M&M's what does that mean pastel? They come in like the fall Easter colors. The light blue, the pink.
Is it put Easter M&M's? Okay.
And what is it about Jesse Ager and Joseph Yankee that you want to tell the audience?
I don't know anything about that. It's Friday you bastard.
Oh, it is for kids.
Woman or a man.
Mama, don't know. All these not-enteration.
You replace the portrait. I feel safe. I feel great.
With the better way to rape and torture instead.
Conquering Iraq because we hate them.
Or something that we know they did not you.
Push up our Nazi occupation. Now we're all screwed.
God has copied me. Let them read a brain.
And why electra by far better to their thing.
And those naked inmates. Slack them in a pile.
There's a code that call them to say Jesus.
Find over seeing all that great best far stars.
In rest they know a strategy of foreshadowing.
Like the number you only call the charter.
What would we think?
Oh, challenge of insky.
They'll make that full life.
I've been hurt like rubber on a Friday night.
No special reason I'm playing that.
I haven't played it in a long time and I like it.
I like it. Thanks to Paul who sent me the name.
That's why I was thinking of the singer.
I tell you one thing. He looked pretty good.
And he sang.
Red roses for a blue.
Lady Bobby Vintin sang that.
Red roses for a blue.
Andy Williams sang that.
Remember Andy Williams?
One thing about Andy.
He went away. He's got his golf turn.
I guess he's still live.
Andy Williams.
I don't know.
He's the one who gave us the osmonds.
Remember the osmonds?
I want some.
Is that the case?
It is.
Oh, my God.
I love roses.
I want to like cozy up in the sack with Vintin and just play their friend.
Mr. Flores.
They couldn't sing for Craig.
No, not so good.
No, kind of like John Davidson on Slow Cook.
Here's one that says from Barbara and Sunrise,
Hi, Neil. I'm a good Friday.
Could you please play all you can eat Negro?
It'll kill a lot of time.
Thanks Neil.
You are the best enjoyer we call.
Thanks, Barbara.
I'll give it some consideration.
I'll think about it.
Rosemary, on the other hand,
sends me something nauseating.
She says, please add Reese's Peanut Butter Eggs to your list.
Oh, that sounds so bad.
Yeah.
First of all, I don't like Peanut Butter candy.
I'm not that crazy, but I mean Peanut Butter is okay,
although I haven't had any in the years long time.
Really?
You mean Peanut Butter?
Yeah, I like Peanut Butter.
Really?
Peanut Butter and Jelly.
Oh, yeah.
Get out.
I do.
Get out of town.
So what was that about Jesse Agri replacing Joseph Yankee?
I don't know anything about that.
Reese's Peanut Butter Eggs.
Do you want to put that on there?
You can go ahead.
I don't really care, but it just sounds horrible to me.
Well, I guess some people like it, so I will add it.
Well, some people like it today.
They wouldn't make it because then if nobody liked it,
nobody'd buy it.
That's true.
NeilatNeilRodges.com.
That's our email address.
Believe me, no waiting today.
Oh, here's a couple.
Who is this from?
Oh, Steve from Vegas.
I was down in Orlando last week visiting my dad.
He moved up there about 20 years ago.
He was a big fan of the old WIOD.
He asked me whatever happened to my, his favorite, Sandy.
He used to love the crossover with Sandy and Uncle Mikey.
Sandy Payton.
Oh, my God.
When I told him the story about how Ann most stiffed her long time girlfriend
and left the money to Sandy, my dad said nothing could have been going on there
because Sandy was a nice girl from the beach and she wasn't that way.
Maybe my dad was really Jack.
They used to say, hello, nice lady.
Oh, yeah, there was a caller named Jack.
He used to always call Sandy Payton.
Hello, lovely lady.
It was lovely lady, not a lot of nice lady.
Get it right, Steve.
I would love to keep you all to myself.
Have a nice day.
Oh, my God.
She was just one of the all-time worst Sandy Payton.
And they thought she was like a real hot broadcast, real talk show person.
Really?
They were in Bill Smith.
So coma-inducing that the whole world would be like sleeping forever for eternity.
Hello, lovely lady.
I don't know how some people do those voices because you get all choked up.
Jim and Kendall say, says, happy Friday.
Andy is alive and well and still doing shows at the Stedrum and Branson, Missouri.
Wow.
Oh, yeah, they got a casino there and they got those, you know,
over the hill guys like Andy Williams do shows for us old farts.
Oh, it's so wonderful.
Derek says the reason more people want to spend time with their fathers
than their mothers is probably because their mom is still alive.
At least that was my reason.
For today's poll, Reese's peanut butter eggs were always the best-eat-your-candy.
Oh, oh, my God.
I never even heard of such a thing, but it just sounds horrendous.
Oh, Danes is I don't have a vagina.
Should I go buy another name?
No, Dana's okay.
Although Bill Dana's, see I was thinking of somebody with the first name Dana.
Do you know any guys named Dana?
Yeah, I went to high school with a guy named Dana.
Dana Carvey.
There's one.
Dana, I don't know.
You went to high school with a guy named Dana?
Yep.
Now is there some confusion there?
Because Dana is usually a girls name, right?
True.
What are some other names that are like ambiguous?
Kelly.
Kelly's good. Kelly's very good.
Chris.
Chris?
Mm-hmm.
Right.
Uh, what else?
Harry.
Harry, yeah.
Harry's good.
So anyway, speaking of Harry's situations, at a Thursday,
Madison, Dublin's Proca-Theed role, an Irish archbishop,
shocked his congregation, which included numerous priests,
by explaining that a forthcoming investigative report will reveal that over three decades,
Irish Catholic priests have abused thousands of children.
Oh, my God.
The report will make us, in the entire church,
a humbler church, he said, what a bunch of gobbledygooka to make us humbler.
Make us more embarrassed and make us more bankrupt.
The archbishop said the report compiled by the Dublin Archdiocese Commission of Investigation
is expected to show that thousands of children or young people across Ireland were abused by priests in the period under investigation,
and the horror of that abuse was not recognized for what it is.
Hey, what it is.
The government appointed commission was set up to investigate abuses within the Dublin Archdiocese in 2006.
The same year that I see said, admitted that up to 102 of its priests were suspected of abusing children.
The report is studying how complaints of child sexual abuse were handled.
Martin, as seen as a reformer, sent in by the Vatican to clean up a church rocked by a decade and a half of scandals reports the Guardian.
One of the most notorious in the mid-1990s involved priest Brendan Smith,
and indirectly led to the collapse of Albert Reynolds government.
Accusations that the Irish Attorney General's office blocked moves to exercise Smith and Northern Ireland led to the Irish Labour Party pulling out of the coalition with Reynolds Fianna Fiel,
whatever that is in the government following.
You know what the Fianna Fiel is?
Nope.
Who cares?
The arstices of Dublin is facing challenges of a kind that has not experienced for many years, he said.
Archbishop of Dublin, D'Armond Martin, D'Armoud, warned that a massive investigation of parishes in the Irish capital will find children were subjected to horrific attacks
between 1975 and 2004, according to the BBC, in 1990 then Irish Prime Minister Bertie Aher and delivered an unprecedented apology to the victims on behalf of the state.
He also set up the commission report on abuse allegations in institutions such as schools, orphanages, hospitals, and children's homes that were funded by the state but were mainly run by Catholic religious orders.
Some of the allegations date would date all the way back to the 1930s.
And this report will make us a humbler church.
Yes, it says pop.
See a humbler might ask more and more bankrupt.
They have to keep sawing off all of their pornography collection, all the other things, all that paintings, all that crap, all their property so they can pay all the lawsuits for all their pedophile priests.
Oh, but these are just isolated incidents.
Yeah, likely story.
All right.
How can there be like hundreds of thousands of isolated incidents?
It's like saying that crazy people with guns killing people is just isolated.
Like last week, remember that day we had the Pittsburgh thing and we had just a whole bunch of them.
Yep.
65 votes on the pool.
My favorite Easter candy is Cadbury Cream Eggs 20.
How about I don't eat candy?
We got a can't eat any.
Well, that's because they could be diabetic or whatever.
Which doesn't mean they still don't have a favorite though.
How about I don't eat candy?
I'll add that.
Cadbury Cream Eggs 20, chocolate bunnies 8, Cadbury Eggs 7.
Those are the ones I'm talking about.
Hershey kisses 7.
That's not Easter candy, but we'll leave it on there to him or Charlie B.
Jelly bean 6.
I can't eat any 6.
5.
Marshmallow peeps 5.
Malted chocolate Easter eggs 4.
Reese's peanut butter eggs 2.
Fae.
Easter M&M is 1.
And none for gummy bunnies or marshmallow Easter eggs.
Oh, no!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Would you fear your nephew is in hell?
I feel that my nephew is not with the Lord at all.
Not with the Lord, then in other words, in hell.
I don't know.
I feel I know what a Lord knows.
Candy, candy, candy, cake, part of his body like a limo.
You fear that that Roman Catholic Communion is they ate your nephew's body?
Yes.
All right, we have on the line in Van Ays here a Roman Catholic priest on KFI M640.
Hello.
How you doing?
Good.
Hey, listen, ma'am.
First of all, I have a Macindolansus to you on the line with your nephew.
Are you a priest?
Yes, I am.
Yeah.
Okay, so I just want to let you express something for you, okay?
Yes.
So this is just you've been listening to me about the network church.
What do you eat people?
Well, if you just hang on, I will explain to you what I believe is.
And then you can draw your own conclusion.
Let me explain what I'm teaching is and you draw your own conclusion.
Let the father explain, okay?
Hey, first of all, we believe that when we see communion, we receive the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Oh, oh my God.
Well, hold on, ma'am.
I mean, I'm just calling to let you know what I believe is.
You eat flesh and blood.
Yes, you want to look at it that way that's fine.
Oh my God, I want to believe.
This is our belief and you draw your own conclusion.
Ma'am, you got to let the father explain.
Well, when I want to hear him talk about it, he's been missing from.
This is my hell, razor, like clad, all the young.
Okay, first of all, okay, the young said that because you've been missing from the body.
What happened to your neck?
Did you just tell it?
You eat the butt, you eat the whole damn thing.
Excuse me?
Don't you eat it?
We eat the host here.
The host?
But he sees the whole body, you know, the man.
That's not what I said.
You said you eat the blood and the flesh.
Of who?
Oh, the man.
No, of Jesus Christ.
Oh, God, that is a blessing for me.
Well, if you take the lead, I'll try to do it until you're gone by believe.
You don't only give me interest in porn.
Do you eat up all the booty, too?
I'm not going to answer that.
I don't understand what that means.
What does this man talk about eating the Lord Jesus?
What even finish?
I can't just say what he has to say.
In the scriptures, man, where Jesus said bread and blessed and broken and said,
take this and eat it.
This is my body.
Oh, God.
And then put the cup of wine and you said, take and drink this is my blood.
And again, he says, unless you eat my body and drink my blood, you have no eyes at any.
Oh, my God.
This is good Friday.
Exactly.
And you're talking about eating up on Jesus.
I can tell you that.
I wonder what we believe.
You're grobbin' on Jesus, ain't you?
What?
You're grobbin' all over on Jesus.
You're got to eat Jesus to believe.
In my nest, you're what about him?
Hey, man, I think I'm not.
I'm not going to eat that.
I'm trying.
The Catholics, Matt, done your boy, huh?
You wanna laugh a little bit?
Matt, you're a bitch left?
Yeah.
You're not gonna laugh a little bit here.
Like some kind of Negro smog is born over there.
Well, I'll tell you.
Listen to that.
It's funny that I haven't managed to say that.
Like a brother best friend of yours.
I mean, I'm falling for it.
Listen, Father, I thank you for taking the time.
I really do.
How about you?
I'm never good Easter.
Well, you, you, you, you, pay for your sins.
Well, I'm only gonna pick out.
That's true.
Thanks, Father.
All right.
All right.
That was a Roman Catholic priest.
They're makin' on my boy like a brother best friend.
Oh, you can eat me.
Oh.
What was it?
What's it called, man?
Oh, oh, you can eat me, girl.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, you can eat me, girl.
Oh, my God.
So, there you go.
Perfect for Easter.
It's still funny.
Yeah, it's good.
That's back in the days when Phil was funny when he was doing the voices before he decided to become a Nazi.
Yeah.
You know, to each its own kind of bad actor.
The fake Doug Galenzi says,
Vic Dana, born August 26, 1942 in Buffalo, New York.
How do you like that?
He's a couple months older than I am.
Old fart.
Is an American dancer and singer?
He's a dancer?
Oh, he ought to be on dancing with a star discovered by Sammy Davis Jr.
He's best known for his 1965 recording of Red Roses from Blue Lady.
There was a top 10 billboard single hit.
His album of the same title made it on the top 20.
Red Roses, see what a memory I got, huh?
Yeah, pretty good.
And you found it in there in Georgia's pile of crap.
Yep.
Other hit recording.
Oh, and somebody also said Dana Andrews.
Remember the actor Dana Andrews?
Oh, yeah.
He was like in a lot of war movies.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Other hit recordings on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the 60s.
The little altar boy.
I will.
More.
Shangri-la.
I love you, drops.
And if I never knew your name.
I love you, drops.
I was written and recorded by Country Singer Bill Anderson and was popular enough to be recorded by others including Don Cherry and Teresa Brewer,
not the hockey Don Cherry.
Now, speaking of hockey, how about those Panthers and other year no playoffs?
Wow.
Ten years.
Ten years no playoffs.
Bye-bye Jack Martin, loser.
And they're going to lose both Mr. and get nothing for him.
Yep.
And the future of that franchise is in its past.
Is it in its behind?
And all the points they've fredded away in the last three or four weeks.
I mean, it's shameful.
And the fact that this goofball coach kept playing Vokun a month and two of those games that they could have won.
They had one game where they didn't have one shot on goal in the third period.
How is that possible?
Jersey game, I think.
God.
Anyway, he also scored a chart hit in 1970 with Neil Diamond's red, red wine.
Years before it was turned into a number one hit by UB40.
His last nationally charted record was Larry Weiss's lay me down, roll me out to see on the casino label,
which hit the top 20 on billboards, easy listening survey of Vik Dana.
He's still alive.
Still alive.
How do you like that?
Ray.
You never heard a Vik Dana though.
Now did you recognize that song when you played it in?
Yes.
I did, for sure.
You know who else saying that?
Wayne Newton.
Really?
I'm Capitol Records.
Wayne Newton.
Now I'm not selling out of it.
There's a guy.
Talk about no talent in making a lot of money.
Of course he had a lot of money to pay off the mob or all those stories.
What about Tom Jones?
What about Tom Jones?
I don't know.
I don't think he's that kind of idiot.
I thought he was horrible, but then when he came back as a goofy old man, I thought he was funny.
Not talented, but funny.
Yeah.
In fact, don't we have that bit F-Bomb?
That's a Tom Jones thing.
F-Bomb, F-Bomb.
Yeah.
I forget the real song that Tom Jones did that this is parody on.
Did you recognize that song that Tom Jones hit?
No.
Somebody will know what it was, what the real hit was.
Brandon says, love Reese's peanut butter cups, so whenever the holidays roll around and I get the...
That in different shapes and sizes I go nuts.
Oh, you people with your peanut butter.
It's like me with mushrooms.
I love mushrooms, but not on pizza.
I hate mushrooms on pizza.
I love mushrooms too.
I love mushrooms, man.
Mushrooms and onions.
Oh, cook me up a big batch of that, and I'll go nuts.
I made some last night.
You did the shrooms?
Mushrooms, onions, put some red peppers, and this spicy sausage.
Oh, you do the cooking at home?
Oh, yeah.
I love the cook.
I'll be damned.
Sounds really gay, but nevertheless.
Brandon says for Easter, there's nothing like a big solid milk chocolate bun.
You know those big ones?
Mm-hmm.
You eat the whole thing?
You eat the rabbit?
Now it might take me a day or two to eat the entire thing, but I will do it.
And I love some Easter bunny sweet tarts also, he says.
Really?
I don't know what that is.
No, I mean it.
And just on the side note, you always talk about candy during times like Halloween in the Easter,
and especially during Halloween in your ass, who the hell eats candy corn?
Not only do I eat candy corn, I love it.
Oh, horrible.
Nasty.
The worst swill on the face of the earth.
And he says, I don't wait to Halloween to get it.
I usually get a bag a couple of times here to snack on it.
I'm most likely the only person in the world who actually likes and buys candy corn outside of Halloween.
Candy corn is motion.
I always say I hate mooshy food.
I was surprised that you'd never heard of the Chico stick.
A what?
Chico stick?
No, I still, I saw it on there the other day, but man, those are good.
Well, they used to never heard of it.
I don't think they'd make them anymore.
Thank God.
No, they were good.
Just another excuse is it's all this food stuff.
You know, just like the Jews would pass over and with even, even young kipperers as food oriented, no food.
No way.
Most of the Jewish holidays have to do with certain kinds of food or like I said, you know, kipper, no food.
Right?
That's crazy.
What do you mean it's crazy?
At least it gives you a reason to look forward to it.
Like, uh, Homoontosh N' Porum.
Can there be anything in the world better than a good soft Homoontosh?
Not those little horrible triangles have been telling you that for a hundred years.
Those effort goyem.
The Orthodox trying to push that off is the really authentic Homoontosh.
Fet.
Yeah, what did they know?
Charlie B says he's got Easter candy facts to go with the Easter candy pool.
Isn't this nice?
Yeah.
Isn't this sweet?
I'm not eating you no Easter candy, I don't think.
Well, that's a lie.
I'll get some over the weekend.
Unless I disappear.
So what do you think of my idea of just taking off?
I could wind up an Amsterdam or somewhere?
Not a bad place to end up.
I don't know, maybe Vancouver.
Try Barcelona.
It's a great city.
I've never been to Barcelona.
Oh, it's awesome.
I sent a paco to Barcelona last year, he loved it.
One of my favorite cities.
Of course they speak his language, but...
True.
Nevertheless.
Easter is the second most important candy eating occasion of the year for Americans
who consumed seven billion pounds of candy in 2001 according to the National Confessioners Association.
In 2000 Americans spent nearly $1.9 billion on Easter candy while Halloween sales were nearly $2 billion.
Christmas and estimated $1.4 billion and Valentine's Day just over a billion.
Small potatoes.
Ninety million chocolate Easter bunnies have produced each year.
Chocolate bunnies should be eaten ears first.
According to 76% of Americans, five percent of the bunnies should be eaten feet first,
while four percent favorite eating the tail first.
I wonder how many favorite eating the rectum first.
Yeah, rabbit ass.
Yeah, and it's already brown.
There you go again.
Sorry.
Johnny Jobelle planted that seed in your mind.
The image of him down on his hands and knees.
And he did, he also wiped off the walls in there in the tea room.
He did.
Sounds like a fat boy.
I bet your Jeff High is back in the building again.
Because once before there was a splatter that really did matter.
I mean, people were just puking their guts racing out of that room.
And it does prefer milk chocolate 65% to dark chocolate 27%.
I prefer dark chocolate big time.
Oh, I will tell you.
I have changed my tune about candy.
We'll get back to this.
Okay.
It'll kill some really good time.
I'm convinced that the best candy bar of all is Hershey Bar with almonds.
Ooh, that's good.
Yeah, very simple, very plain, nothing fancy, schmancy, nothing inside of it.
But just a good old-fashioned Hershey Bar with almonds.
Give me 20 or 30 of those.
Oh, Neil!
You're the...
This is the Neil Roger Show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
The story that brought Tom Beach in the world.
Uncle Tad did throw on some boxer shorts, let's cruise our bar and rage with some babes.
Excellent.
Our money, women, and whoon tape.
Uncle Tad did, let's use our infamous last name to impress these babes and do the wild thing in the compound.
No way, Bill.
That's way, Dad.
Excellent.
They're rich, they're powerful.
They like to swim naked.
Well, you're gonna be sweet, then take Kennedy in.
Bill and Tez, ex-flood adventure, R2, the next genitalia.
Excellent.
Common students, what is it, you?
Greater Dex, for an excellent...
No, no, one at five sixty WQM.
Thank you, Paul Castronova, by the way, that was one of his two bits.
Did you know that?
No, I did not.
That's Castronova.
Wow.
He also did the Rick Sanchez.
One in a million.
I think that was him.
No, no, I'll tell you which Rick Sanchez one was.
One moment, please.
It was the board game, Rick Sanchez board game.
Coming.
This Christmas from...
That's him, that's Paulie.
Sorry, Paulie.
Now I can hear it, yeah.
You hear the voice?
Yep.
Oh, don't drop it.
I don't want to drop my crap on the floor here.
No, we don't have to come and clean it up.
Dana White, president of the Ultimate Fighting Championships, is Brandon.
Well, I don't know who that is.
You know Dana White?
I do.
You know Perry White?
No.
Perry White from Superman.
Oh, okay, yeah.
Don't tell me you don't know Perry White.
Now this one's speaking to Joe Bell.
This email is definitely from him.
Okay.
It says from Michael Phelps.
Crunch bars are the best candy bars, mon.
Well, first of all, we're not going to that thing again about the best candy bars.
This is for Easter candy.
We've done that one a million times.
I still like those Mary Jane's.
God, I love those.
Yeah, those are good.
With honey.
And then it says here,
Flea for new sidekick 09.
That's the Joe Bell.
Like Flea a lot, he's good.
He's been a great week.
We've had a good time with the answer to that.
It is absolutely not.
Yeah, it's been fun.
How do people who want to stab George in the back?
There's nothing worse than a backstab.
But you've got that by the OJs.
That's a good song.
The backstabbers.
Let me see.
Although I do like lipstick traces better by the OJs.
That's a great song.
But the backstabbers is not bad.
Adam Oshmako, with their Enkitsuna Waterloo Ontario, says,
they make Snickers eggs at Easter.
Why did I do this poll today?
I could have gotten out of here alive and gone on vacation for nine or ten days.
And not croaked from diabetic coma.
The OJs.
God, the long pause.
Speaking of OJ, I hope he's getting his and the inside.
I really mean the inside.
Back down.
Yeah.
I hope he's having a real good time in the slime ball.
Oh, I'm hoping to say that about the juice, the juice.
Anybody ever wore a jog strap, then?
They can do whatever the hell they want.
Show people.
Whatever.
Bap, bap, bap.
What they do is not in your face for the time to listen to you.
Don't you love that song?
It's a good song, yeah.
The OJs were great, very underrated group, the OJs.
I like the spinners a lot.
Spinners are all fabulous.
What's my favorite spinner song?
You got it?
You got a bunch of them there.
Let's check it out.
Games people play, of course, but that's not my favorite.
It says also of you.
This is from Adam.
Have you had the Rocky Road Snickers yet?
Never heard of it.
Has dark chocolate and marshmallows you'd love it?
I recently saw Hershey mixed nut bars, got almonds, peanuts, macadamians, and pecans.
Sounds like a weiner to me, she's an animal.
I'll take your word for it.
No candy.
So let me ask you this, what would be a good place to take off and just disappear?
Amsterdam would be good because it's like a Bohemian place.
I love Amsterdam.
I did live there for two summers, you know?
Did you?
Because before I had the current summer deal, I had the whole summer off.
Are you aware of that?
No, I was not aware of that.
In the early days of QAM, my early contract, the first or second one, had the whole summer off, like August, September, whatever?
Yeah, because now you're just Tuesdays and Thursdays, right?
Yeah, now I just work Tuesdays and that's not that far off either.
It starts like in the middle of June.
So I'd have to be a fool.
If I'm going to do something like that, I would have to probably do it like in September, right around Labor Day time.
I'm supposed to go back to the full schedule.
Follow what I'm saying.
I hear you.
I mean, you got to be a fool to take off and disappear and not get paid, you know, walk away.
Although I got a couple of bucks salted away, you know, I could just take it all out and use it on myself.
For once.
There's a thought.
Yeah, set a supporting the rest of the world.
The fake Johnny Darks is Phil Henry is a great talent.
Great talent.
Are you sure?
I hit when you say he used to be great just because of his political beliefs differ from yours.
Well, guess what?
Take a look at his career right now, okay?
Okay.
Languishing at best.
You have no credibility.
You say Howard Stern was great 15 years ago, but I remember when he came in the market on Big 106 in the mid 90s, you said he was washed up.
I remember when the bird would play tapes of Howard when you were on W.I. and Z.
This is when Howard was on WNBC and they prepped the show down the NBC network line.
You loved him until he came into the market and he was competition and he was washed up.
You know, you say the same thing about Phil Henry.
You were the one who's washed up, sir.
Says the fake Johnny Dark or the real one, whatever.
Mm-hmm.
I'm washed up.
I'm still pulling down a couple of bucks at least as long as they keep paying it.
Oh, but we got like, we're all we were in big trouble.
Yeah, too bad.
Everybody's in big trouble.
So they say, I think most of them are just looking to screw people now.
This is a great opportunity for management types to just stab people in the back and screw people.
Oh, well, geez, we're million short and blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, okay, whatever.
Go screw somebody else.
Joe Bell.
Go ahead.
He's the scorer now.
Let him find some new screwy besides people on this show.
This show has taken so much butchering since this butcher came to town.
But again, I guess that's what you expect from a butcher is butchering, right?
Right.
Lift up to his name.
The butcher of the airwaves.
Captain American tries to escape Somali pirates stopped his swim to safety.
Wow.
I don't like that.
I find it funny that there's pirates.
I find it so funny that there's still pirates out there.
Yeah, well, I saw too many Johnny Depp movies.
I like Johnny Depp.
So I love Johnny Depp.
He was on my show on Zeta.
I wish I still had that picture that would us with our arm around each other.
I mean, there was no romance, you know.
Yeah, he's living here.
More, right?
Yeah, he grew up there.
And then at one time he was done on his luck and he lived in his car for a while.
Wow.
Lived in his car.
Rudy says I bet that flea never went to Madrid.
No.
I've been to Madrid.
It's much better than Barcelona.
No, no.
Well, that's the case.
I'll pass in Barcelona.
No, Barcelona is way better.
Since Barcelona is by far the most expensive city in Spain and less friendly,
furthermore, the official language in Barcelona is Catalan.
True.
And there are, they're a little bit about it, just like the French Canadians are with their language said Rudy.
A little bit, yeah.
You know, like Barcelona.
He's crazy.
Barcelona is way more fun than Madrid.
Madrid is just, I don't know.
It's Madrid.
You know what?
Madrid reminds me of Milan, Italy.
Never been.
The buildings are kind of like sterile and all look the same.
I just didn't think.
I was okay.
Errances, I was at Couls the other day.
And notice they now have Easter candy corn.
There you go, Brandon.
It's the same as Halloween candy corn, but in pastel colors it looked nasty.
Oh, just a thought of it makes me say the gag reflex is kicking in.
God.
Oh, look at this.
Ray L has a poll suggestion.
My favorite holiday is blank.
And on the list, oh, he's got a long list of holidays.
He's got poor amount there.
Wow.
How about president day?
I'd say poor me if I could get some homeontage, but I haven't had any in so long, so many years.
I'm Jones and for some good homeontage.
Now, are you a homeontage guy?
I don't think I've ever had that.
Oh, Jews from Tampa don't believe a word of it.
Just because his name is Feldman, don't believe there's any Jew in this child.
You never had homeontage?
No, I don't think so.
What about Kishki?
Oh, yeah.
What do you mean, oh, yeah, like Kishki is more comfortable.
I mean, granted, Kishki can have any time of the year.
Right.
If you can find it.
What's the other one, the potato lockies?
Oh, those are good.
What's the other one?
I don't know.
Potato pancakes.
Is that tough pancakes?
If you don't know your lockies?
That what it is, it's just a pancake.
Off to Las Vegas, man.
Off to Las Vegas.
You don't even know your Jewish.
No, not really.
Well, that's because you grew up in Tampa.
Yep.
I know.
You didn't have that telly there for about five minutes.
Lacer and I, it was a sponsor for his for about five minutes.
And then he went out of business.
Too many goyemen in Tampa.
Yeah.
Nothing but goyemen.
Although they have at least one or two sholes there, I know that.
Do you want to know how I would get really good Jewish food is when I would go visit family
up in Chicago?
Oh, yeah.
A lot of Jews in Chicago.
A lot of Jews in Toronto, but no Jewish food.
That's where my dad's from, is Chicago.
I'm going up there in May.
Well, I'll be there.
Going to Rigglyfield.
Can I have a good place to hide?
Oh, yeah.
That's a great city.
Chicago.
Yeah.
Just hang out at Rigglyfield.
Yep.
Can you Chicago dog?
Oh, yeah.
I love those.
With the real green relish.
Oh, yeah.
And the peppers.
Now you're talking.
Hmm.
You know where they have that?
I wonder if they're still open.
They were for a lot of day.
I'll bring this up every few months.
This comes up on the show and I keep forgetting the name, but hot diggy dog or something
like that.
It's across from one of the car dealers.
Oh, yeah.
Diggy dog.
Is that it?
It's still there, yeah.
Wow.
They got great Chicago dogs.
There's another new place called Dogma, which is real good too.
Dogma?
Yeah.
Mad Damon Eat there.
Hey, will be dogma.
I did.
George Carlin was in it, but he's still dead.
Yeah.
James says they make Hershey's kisses wrapped in pastel foil for sale around Easter.
Much like they make pastel M&Ms.
Right.
Same deal just to give me a vacation on a holiday.
Oh, not come on, James.
Don't be so cynical.
Oh, just a gimmick to cash in on a holiday.
That's what all these holidays are for.
It's all commercial.
It's all business man.
And of course now with the economy, the way it is, how's the endowed to another that won't
be open today?
It's good Friday.
The go and run the world so there'll be no doubt today.
No, no down news on the stock market.
CNBC.
It's as marijuana.
What does that mean?
I got to do a joy spot.
Oh, so if I don't come back after this name, marijuana ink inside America's pot industry
Trish Regan hosts an investigation of America's marijuana trade.
Oh, sounds really sinister to me.
So don't forget I'm going to Joyce and rejoice and hopefully everything will be just fine.
Oh, Neil.
It's that twa Friday, you bastards.
Oh, I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
1119 at 560.
I'm just diguing in there and pulling out some old crap today.
That's good.
We haven't heard in awhile.
Of course that one is always something.
My favorite Easter candy is, that's our poll question.
150 votes here on Good Friday.
What about pacidicki candy for the Jews?
What do you think?
Okay.
My favorite Easter candy is Cadbury Cream Eggs 32.
Chocolate Bunnies 17.
Reese's Peanut Butter Rag 16.
Fee.
Jelly Bean 16.
Jelly Bean's his Easter candy?
I think.
Yeah, because I do the pastel colors.
Well, what is that with the pastel colors?
What does that mean?
It's just another way to sell candy.
Oh.
Marshmallow Peeps 14.
I don't eat candy 13.
I don't believe that.
Right.
If you know anybody who doesn't eat candy,
Nope.
Lires.
Malted Chocolate Easter Eggs 12.
Oh, I do like those.
Mmm.
I love Malted anything.
Cadbury Eggs 9.
Hershey Kisses 8.
I can't eat candy 5.
You know, diabetes people like me.
Easter M&M is 4.
Marshmallow Easter Eggs 4 and gummy bunnies none.
None?
Nobody don't like gummy bunnies.
Yeah.
Paul Smith.
At joebellatinbox.com.
Oh.
Subject Passover.
Dear Neil, I'm turned off by your degrading of Mr. Joebell.
He is a great journalist and wonderful human being.
He's a journalist?
Journalist.
Wow.
My girlfriend can't believe you burped on the radio
and on Passover no less.
You old Jew queer fag.
May God bless you and flee.
He is queer too.
You ask.
What clown?
Doesn't say clown.
And now I'm gay.
Yeah, now you're gay because you're on the show.
Gay.
Okay.
Guilful association.
Oh, not on paysock and good Friday.
What would the Lord think?
Lord will think somebody's got heartburn.
Somebody ate too many gummy bunnies.
Oh, look at that.
The red lights are on both things there.
It doesn't mean anything.
I understand that.
But we're streaming.
And the outlook expresses working yet.
Yesterday was just too much.
That was an nightmare.
Absolute nightmare.
Nightmare.
Oh, Phil Arches back.
Hello.
I've noticed that since Lee Feldman's been in the controls
this week, there hasn't been enough sound effects
like when George is at the controls.
Tell me he needs to shave up.
No.
Get on the ball.
If he has ambitions of taking George's job.
Well, A. I don't and B. George can do these things
with his eyes closed because he's so you didn't sound.
Yes, to be put for suppress the sound effects drops
when you refer to a relevant topic.
Okay.
The fellow handy crapper.
And after winning last week,
I don't really care what I'm not even going to look at it.
Yeah.
Not interested.
This guy who's trying to inject himself into the show.
All these people with no lives.
Oh, I'm going to a fellow handy camper.
Go to hell.
How much you getting paid to do it?
Now, here's one from Timothy.
It says there are many Jews in Toronto
and Jewish-Jewish-style foods all over the place.
When I visited relatives there a few years back,
they took me into a couple of bakeries
and paid so I'm sure that Homan Toshnarrth had that tough to find.
The hot dog place you're thinking of in Fort Lauderdale.
It's hot dog heaven on sunrise Boulevard.
Still there,
Chicago-style place,
our betters are still open and dade by the way.
Charrod is still around two,
but with fewer locations,
still in Tamarack,
Degy Pemberpines, etc.
No longer on commercial unfortunately.
They just open a place and palm beach flakes.
And if Flea thinks dogwise worth going to,
he's got taste in his Tush.
What is it?
Overpriced, yummy hot dogs,
not for this kid.
Says Tim, have a nice weekend and pass the grubbinus.
Have you had grubbinus?
No.
Oh, make believe Jew, airs odds.
Oh, Dana, Dana changed his name to Darius.
Yeah, it's like me and Steve Ziggler.
I got him to take off that hair piece.
Heave it.
Adam Kirschner says,
can you play the weather girls and dedicate it to Alice Rantel
and Norma Cant, thanks.
It's raining men.
No way Cant and we won't.
And another link.
Keep sending the links and I'll keep deleting them.
Okay, just keep bringing them on.
Bring them along.
What is with these people with the,
what part of that don't they understand?
I don't know.
From your friend Adam Kirschner.
Did he send you anything today?
Yeah, he sent me a link.
Did he really?
Yeah.
What was it to this Phil Henry bit?
I don't know, I couldn't tell because it's on my phone.
Oh, just delete it.
Okay, done.
Delete it.
Could be the greatest thing in the history of mankind.
We're going to delete it.
We don't do links.
Dana Hall is now a,
a Danis, the ANUS,
oh, he put the anus in Danis.
He said, I've noticed that all the people I've spoken to
have voted for Obama, not happy with him already.
It takes time to get this year from the sea floor.
Bush is a dead head.
Bill Mar sucks.
Oh, I see.
I'm going to go see Bill Mar on tomorrow night.
On what?
He's a performant at Nova.
And you're going to go see him?
I'm going to check it out.
I got free tickets.
Oh, my God.
Now did you watch religious?
Yes, I did.
It was a, I thought it was pretty good.
Yeah, it's okay.
By the way, 11 horse field of golf stream.
There's no rain.
So the 12 is going to be scratched,
entered for the main track only,
meaning if they took it off the grass, off the weeds.
How do you like that frigging fill arc?
He's now he's handed, Kevin.
Give me, I don't care about his selections.
I did look at Ron Nica-lovy selections.
He didn't pick, he picked my horse third.
I got the one.
He picked the five, three, one, six.
Well, if he picked it third, then you're guaranteed to win.
There's no guarantees, Mr.
in the house racing business.
That's true.
As we saw last week when the gate opened,
and the seven came out sideways,
took a right turn out of the gate.
Maybe the fix was on.
What is it?
Maybe the fix was on.
Now, what did you say about Joseph Yankee?
Nothing.
I'm sure I heard you say,
Joseph Yankee sucks, okay?
It could be just dreaming.
It could be just hallucinating.
I don't know what you're talking about.
The fix is on.
Are you suggesting that there are races that are like
not on the up and up that aren't kosher?
I don't know.
What you know about horse racing is the same as you know about
the Jewish food, Jewish food.
That's true.
Nothing.
Nothing.
I used to be a lead out though at the Durbey Lane in St. Pete
with the dogs.
You did what?
I was a lead out, you know, the guys that bring the dogs out
and tell,
are you kidding me?
That was an awesome job.
Those little pansy kids that bring out the dogs on a leash.
That was me.
When I was in high school.
And they play that syrupy music you know during the little
post parade.
I used to go to the dogs and not do, I used to enjoy it.
Biscayne, when Ken Maldon worked at Biscayne.
How's Ken doing?
Anybody here from him?
Yeah, I heard from him the other day.
You did?
Yeah, he's doing okay, I guess, you know.
He's bored.
Talk about a royal screwing.
There's another example of your buddy, Joe Bell.
You know, judge a man by the friends he keeps.
And you and Jolly Joe Bell, what a classic perfecta.
Oh no!
It's Friday, you bastard.
Ask if I am sure.
One more time.
And now, no matter what, bring out why I'm sure.
I'm sure about everything that you know.
Whenever I love you to fall or hit, delete.
I want to die.
But still be question to keep down in me.
Are you sure you want to shut down?
Are you sure you want to empty trash now?
Yes, I'm sure.
I'll quit yes and kiss my life.
Rectum?
I don't know why.
My computer should ask me at all.
When I decide about something I have to install.
Don't you give me my crystal crap my head's not there.
Far off my ass, get some serenading.
Obey my command, my mind's made up.
Why would I quit at all?
Oh, I got a reenjoice.
Are you sure?
I mean emergency life.
Yes or no, it's constantly asking.
Yes, I'm really sure.
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
1132 at 560 WQAM.
I'm going to re-joice, so we'll take the next break a little bit early.
Let me just give you a little heads up on that now.
Not like life and death, urgent, but fairly urgent.
Maybe it's all this candy talk.
You think that could be?
Could be.
Or not.
The search is on for a team of crooks who robbed an Arlington couple at gunpoint
for their takeout Popeye's chicken in Jacksonville.
According to police, the young mother was leaving her shift in closing the Popeye's restaurant
Arlington on Atlantic Boulevard, once she noticed she was being followed home.
And they robbed them for their takeout Popeye's chicken.
Popeye's good.
Well, is it?
Yeah.
It never had no Popeyes.
Oh, man, that's good.
That's a good poll question.
What would you rob for?
Mickey D's, Burger King, Popeyes, churches chicken, etc.
All of these things.
All of a sudden that's subsided, thank the Lord.
I thought I was going to do a doose right here in the chair.
Oh, man.
I have to call Jolly Joda coming here and clean up the mess.
I don't want him anywhere near here.
Boy, he just...
Here's one from somebody.
It says Greetings, Neil and Flea.
I heard you guys talking about a story regarding Arley Ermi yesterday.
Remember Arley Ermi?
Yeah.
I don't.
Neil, I've always respected and been like-minded in some of your favorite movies, i.e.
Godfather Network, Lengary Glen Ross, Justice for All, etc.
The performance by Arley is the drill sergeant and Fullmetal jacket is one of the greatest performances
in a film I've ever seen.
Yeah, he's awesome.
I don't think I ever saw that movie.
That's a good movie.
I'm curious how you feel about the first part of the film with him.
I never saw it.
Matthew Boatine is in it too.
Who?
Matthew Boatine?
No.
Also, Phil Henry is an Obama supporter.
I found his show again recently on it random times.
He's definitely not right-wing anymore.
I don't know what happened, but I'm glad.
He sounded funny again with a Doug Danger but de Boot.
It's good to have a trifecta...
Excuse me, a town to listen to again.
You, of course, Phil and La Bastard.
After that, it's iPod time.
Love you, Neil Cheers to you.
Me, Phil and La Bastard.
Oh, I feel unclean all of a sudden.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Unclean.
I will be unclean in a couple of minutes here during the break.
Well, you should wipe.
I will.
Very believe me.
I'm good at that.
I'm Georgie Luzagia.
I'm in the Guinness Book of Records for the fastest VMs in history.
Being in this business.
Yeah, Fullmetal jacket was actually directed by Stanley
Tupor.
Tupor, yeah.
It's a good movie.
You should check it out.
Walt says, I believe the Chicago style hot dog restaurant you're referring to is hot dog
heaven right across the street from Lincoln, Mercury, and either on Weston, right on the
motorbarn.
That is absolutely correct.
He says, my dog is mustard tomato pickle celery salt only.
He's still open.
Hot dog heaven.
They got a great Chicago dog there, man.
Great.
At least they always did.
I haven't been there in about 100 years.
Well, you're out of touch.
Well, if I was there, I still wouldn't be going there.
It's not the kind of thing unless you happen to be driving by and it's lunchtime or you're
hungry.
You know what I'm saying?
It's not the kind of thing you think, oh, gee, I'm going to drive over there to that place
to hot dog heaven and get a weeny.
You know?
Right.
Do you?
No, if you're at a ballgame, you know, usually you'll have one.
At a ballgame, man.
Take me out to the Marlins.
Now, Flea was telling me before to show this morning they're having a tough time selling
out the meds games this weekend.
Yeah.
That's really sad.
Maybe it's not a sad holiday.
In fact, the Panthers missed the playoffs again.
Yeah.
Even though they won last night in Atlanta, but they, uh, no good.
Rangers won.
Montreal got a point in a tie over time loss.
And the Panthers, no playoffs again.
Year after year, season after season.
I don't understand how the franchise just justifies continuing.
I mean, Alan Cohen must be just hemorrhaging blood, you think?
I think so.
Gotta be losing their ass.
And to give away so damn many tickets.
Let me just make sure the racing channels on here.
I don't want to get like too far away from a Gulf Stream.
Right.
And next week is our last pick the pony thing?
Yep.
I think that it's maybe a little closer than you think, but I'm picking the same horse you are for the same reasons.
The Adora, I think wins a fan will see you.
Pull about Seagr to the page from Saturday to Sunday here at the Great Race Place.
The lanes in future race of the week is the $100,000 loss.
The Enigas handicap.
A great three field of nine beller sizzles running for the new.
To beat the Buparo.
Well, there it is.
It's on.
Okay.
We're good to go.
And I'm sure that the 12 is going to be scratched because like it said, main track only.
So there is no rain.
So that means they'll be running on the grass.
No number 12.
So we've got 11 horse field.
I'm picking the one Nicole Song with the great Javier Castellano.
Who could use a little help with those zits, by the way.
I haven't seen him lately, but it'll be a little bit of a zit problem.
Oh.
Maria Bartoromo says hello, Mr. Rogers.
Happy Good Friday.
I'm taking an off day today as the markets are closed today for Good Friday.
Would like to give you an investment tip today.
The next thing you notice the market is down.
Pull the trigger and diversify.
Yeah, pull the trigger, Maria.
Just come on in.
It's not too late to take advantage of the Obama bounce.
The markets yesterday displayed great strength.
And over the summer months, we'll see massive moves.
I'm about to take a massive move as a matter of fact, Maria.
Have a great vacation.
If you have time dropping a line, we can have lunch next week in New York.
Best regards, Maria B.
PS Trish Reagan is a bitch and trying to take my job.
Oh, that's a good line.
I like that.
Trish Reagan, who's doing that thing on marijuana right now,
because they do not do no stock market stuff because the market's closed for Good Friday,
because the goyum rule the world.
And Bruce Proin was smuggling hundreds of tons of marijuana right under the nose
in the middle of the corner.
Oh, right.
Well, good for him.
Good for him.
We doing a service for a lot of people out there.
Just want a good smoke.
Yeah, it's a blind demand.
So how's George doing?
You and George will be working together next week now.
Yep.
I'll probably see him over the weekend.
You'll see him over the weekend?
Yeah.
Where?
We used to hang out every once in a while.
Get out of here.
You hang out with George?
Yeah, we went to alter together.
Yeah.
I don't know. Somehow I just it just doesn't compute in my mind.
I don't know.
Not that I hang out with George.
Mm-hmm.
I think in all the years, George has worked like 17, 18 years with me on the show.
I think in all those years I've had maybe, I don't know, three, four meals with George.
Well, I draw the line at like roller skating.
I don't do the roller skating thing.
No, how about the sign language?
No.
Do you go to sign language classes with George?
Nope.
And roller skating went out.
Or can you explain to me since you're so tight with George?
What, what that's all about?
The roller skating thing besides, besides cruising for chicks.
But I mean, what, what, there's plenty of places to cruise for chicks.
But roller skating?
Well, I think he uses it as exercise as well.
And he enjoys it, I guess, on.
It's not my scene.
That's a good question.
Do Jews roller skate?
Oh, no.
It's Friday.
You bastard.
I'm Chris Madgers playing hardball on MSNPC.
I feel as giddy as a college schoolgirl who's wearing a skirt.
And those scrappy thigh-highs.
And the wind just blew off from my coachy.
Ha-ha.
Even though the academy is decimal and I run things to be crumbling, I feel exuberant and excited.
Like a 13-year-old goat down to see twilight.
Ha-ha-ha.
Welcome to three CEOs of the automobile industry to hardball.
Got an hour Malali of four.
Robert Nadeli of Chrysler and Richard Wagon of a GEM.
Wagon the program gentlemen.
Let's start with you, Richard.
Didn't know if you realized that you actually named after Richard Wagon.
Let's nice names Wagon.
Yeah, it's like a station wagon.
That's funny.
No.
I think it's funny, maybe not if it's said to him.
Anyway, let's get to you, I'll let's get to you.
I think it's funny to Richard Wagon.
His last name is actually from a station wagon.
I think I know comedy anyway.
What are you doing in elephant with three balls?
You're welcome in pension and giraffe.
Anyway, let's get to you, Robert Nadeli of Chrysler.
Robert Diggam and I ask you about the Richard Wagon and name reference.
I'm Nadeli.
I'm a Kurt Ball and Hyde Ball.
Why is he doing you guys flu and private jets into getting your big bail out money?
Don't you think that says the American people screw you?
I think it's not a say screw you.
You're the American people.
Well, I don't get me wrong.
I'm a big believer in spend, spend, spend, spend, but that's kind of crazy, right?
Well, I'm kind of sad.
I thought we shared a private plane that we people wouldn't over here to stupid things they say
while traveling a mass transit.
Where is you from?
I just got back to you over there Richard Wagon of a GEM.
Your name reminds me of where I had sex for the first time.
Get it station wagon.
Hey, are you wearing any wood paneling on your side?
No, no.
Anyway, let's talk about the big bail out you guys.
Thank you to Sird.
Well, thank you.
Go ahead.
I jump go ahead.
I'm trying to get an answer out of you.
How do you feel about the bail out?
Yes, you're real.
I do really think.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
What I'm trying to say.
But does Robert Nadeli the same question?
Nadeli, wait a minute.
Just hit me.
Your name sounds like a Mac and Roney.
I think I had some fucking sauce and Nadeli last night.
Right, I think so.
I had fun.
You can hide it, man.
No, they're not exact.
Who's there?
Banana.
Knock, knock, man.
Knock, knock, who's there?
A whosacker.
Orange.
Orange and glad I didn't say banana.
I know comedy.
I've got back out of the Almalali of Ford.
Wait a minute.
Your name reminds me of Big Valley with Miss Barbara Stan.
We get rhymes.
Malawi's Big Valley.
Of course you can also be the chicken wheeled grace for the high squeaky voice.
Don't you think it's a funny?
Let's get done.
Listen.
I'm here.
I'm telling you it's funny Miss Barbara Stan.
We get kicked where we first saw a million dollar man.
Rightly major.
It's funny.
Listen, we're here.
Sunless than you.
Maybe they'll back to our house.
Tilling tomorrow on my special guest of beat.
A priest that ran by and a prostitute.
That's funny.
Chris Matthews played hot ball.
I'm as in B3.
My request.
Wasn't that nice to me?
Yeah, I like those.
Jane Cooper City says hello, Neil and Flea.
Since it's Friday, can you play one of the Chris Matthews bits?
Yeah.
It'll make my weekend.
Have a great week.
Love your show.
Go ahead, Jane Cooper City.
Now you don't have to start playing a lot of drop-ins just because of that one email.
Don't take it seriously.
I feel the pressure.
No, well, don't feel it.
I did feel the pressure during that break and I released it.
Yeah, how is it?
It was fine.
Painless.
That's good.
And a septic.
Just fine.
Although I was, well, I don't want to go into it.
When it comes to joy seeing painless, it's the way to go.
Well, I listen.
I'm the expert.
All these years that I've been joy-sing.
Can you imagine?
In fact, I think I dropped some good Easter or some pacidicky turds and some good Friday
turds as well.
Speaking of Easter candy.
Here's the poll, 193 votes.
My favorite Easter candy is Cadbury Cream Eggs 33.
Those are really, I mean, they're good, but they're sickeningly sweet.
And I like sweet, but boy, they're sickeningly sweet, aren't they?
Mm-hmm.
Reese's peanut butter eggs 26.
Oh, God, almighty.
Chocolate bunnies 25.
I don't eat candy, 19.
Yeah, I like the story.
Marshmallow peeps 18.
Jelly beans 17.
I still don't think jelly beans are Easter candy.
I mean, jelly beans can be, what does that mean?
They're Easter candy.
Well, because they're usually in the Easter basket.
I think that's why.
And Tisca to Task it through in my Easter basket.
Yep.
Malted chocolate Easter eggs 14.
Cadbury egg 10.
Hershey kisses 10.
I can't eat candy six.
Marshmallow Easter egg six.
Easter M&M is five and gummy bunnies finally got one.
Somebody likes gummy bunnies.
Well, I'll be damned.
Brandon says out and about.
I was just walking in the bus side, bunching young kids.
They're more than 10 and full Jewish garb walking around.
Hmm.
And full Jewish garb.
I see that all around.
Or the box.
What?
I see that all the time.
Do you?
Yeah, I'm in terror.
With the big hats and the long beards.
Yep.
You used to see that on Arthur Godfrey Road on the beach.
Which is really ironic because Arthur Godfrey was a virulent anti-Semite.
I still understand what they named a street after him on the beach.
But nevertheless, Kenelworth Hotel.
No Jews allowed, no shards, no this, no that.
He was one of the owners of the Kenelworth Hotel, Arthur Godfrey.
Never how did you on that show?
How, why, yeah, how, why, oh my god.
And they named a street after him to go to show you.
People are masochists.
They like the pain.
I'm wondering if when Adolf Hitler way is gonna pop up on the beach.
Although of course, now most of the Jews have vanished from the beach.
Have they except a few Orthodox?
Yeah.
Isn't it mostly like Julio's now?
Anyway, getting back to this very penetrating article about.
Adults prefer milk chocolate, 65% dark chocolate, 27%.
I like it dark myself, the candy.
Each Easter season, Americans buy more than 700 million marshmallow peeps shaped like chicks.
As well as marshmallow bunnies and marshmallow eggs making them the most popular non-chocolate Easter candy.
That's right.
Marshmallow peeps.
That's also very, very sweet.
Oh yeah, sugar on sugar.
Two sweet.
As many as 4.2 million marshmallow peeps bunnies and other shapes can be made each day.
In 1953, it took 27 hours to create a marshmallow peep.
Today it takes six minutes.
It took 27 hours?
Wow.
How's the peepin, Tommy?
How's the peepin?
He's great.
Phil of Seymour Hoffman.
Did you see the movie, what you call it?
Which one?
About the compulsive gambler, the true story in Toronto?
No.
You never saw that movie?
Phil of Seymour Hoffman.
What's the name of that movie, folks?
Kind of seen it eight million times.
Yeah, he's a banker.
He works in a bank.
And he's stealing all this money creating these phony accounts to support his gambling problem.
And they're competing for his business in Atlantic City in Vegas.
And they fly a menu, you know, the whole deal.
It's a good movie.
Phil of Seymour Hoffman.
The name of the movie is...
Oh, name of the movie.
Oh, name of the movie.
2003.
It just came to me before you said it.
Yep.
How do you like that?
That was shocking.
Yellow peeps are the most popular followed by pink, lavender, blue and white.
Pink and lavender sounds really...
That's that pastel thing you're talking about again.
Yep.
Now, what's the significance of pastels and Easter?
Can you tell me that?
I have no idea.
Well, somebody will tell us.
You won't go to hell if you eat something pastel.
Americans consume 16...
Oh, you're right.
16 billion jelly beans at Easter.
Many of them hidden in baskets.
All the Easter jelly beans were lined end to end.
If they were, they would circle the globe nearly three times.
Well, let's start...
That's a project for you.
It's some busy work for the weekend.
Let's start lining up all the Easter jelly beans end to end.
And they would circle the globe three times.
I still haven't had anybody tell me a good place to go and disappear.
You think I'm joking about that?
It's one of those things.
You know how there are things in the back of your mind?
And you aren't really serious about you're going to do them.
But every now and then, it just dawns on you.
This is a possibility.
See, I would choose Italy just because of the great food.
Oh.
Yeah.
Rome.
Rome is one of my very favorite cities.
Berlin, Rome, Amsterdam, Vancouver, Rochester, not...
Buffalo.
Yo, Buffalo.
I can't even begin to tell you what I think of Buffalo.
Jelly Beams did not become an Easter tradition until 1930s.
They probably were made in America.
Oh, I see.
They probably were first made in America by Boston Candymaker, William Shrafts.
Remember Shrafts candies?
No.
I do.
Who ran ads urging people to send jelly beans to soldiers fighting in the Civil War?
In the 1930s, we had a Civil War.
Do you understand what that means?
No.
Oh, well, maybe that means during the Civil Wars when they made them in the first time.
Yeah, during the American Civil War.
I see.
Oh, you looked that up.
In Boston.
In Boston.
Yep.
70% of kids aged 6 to 11 said they preferred to eat Easter jelly beans one at a time,
while 25% reported eating several at once.
Boys, 29% were wrapped in a handful and girls 18%.
How do you like that?
A Dorothy M is peddling me a viagra in all popular meds on my blackberry.
Go to hell, Dorothy.
More spam.
If I had $100 for every spam I've gotten just in the last year and a half,
I could just walk away.
If I had $1 million for every spam, children indicate their favorite Easter jelly bean flavors
are cherry, 20% strawberry, 12% grape, 10%, lime, 7% and blueberry, 6%.
This is pretty boring.
Uh-oh, you may not want to use jelly bean on the air because it's also a slang term for a pimp.
You might get in trouble from Joyce.
It's good Joyce.
No, thanks.
Maybe her pimp would, to be upset.
Too bad.
Bitch.
Heartless idiotic bitch.
Wouldn't know a radio if you stuck 14 transistor sisters deep inside her.
Right, though, but nevertheless.
Candy makers are offering more and more Easter products and the early 1980s
M&M's became available in pastel spring colors.
Spring colors.
I just, I don't get that.
Reese's makes peanut butter eggs and smuckers produces jelly beans.
Smuckers.
Hmm.
I thought smuckers made the jelly.
Yeah.
That's what Mason Adams always told us.
It's got to be good if it's got a name like smuckers.
Some supermarkets have doubled the space a lot into Easter candy in the past few years as the market has increased.
Best place to get Easter candy is in your drugstore, Walgreens, wherever.
Chopper's drug mark here.
Right?
Yep.
Here every time there's some holiday with candy man, the drugstries are just loaded.
Candy is a relatively recent Easter tradition chocolate eggs, the most popular Eastern candy were first made in Europe in the early 1800s.
Hot cross buns were among the earliest Easter treats made by European monks and given to the poor during the lead.
Hot cross buns.
Wow.
Ever had a hot cross bun?
Had a cinnamon.
No.
You know what?
I can't eat those because it just put me in a coma.
But I like any airports in the food court.
Yeah.
Or anywhere in a food court where there's a cinnamon just standing there and smelling it.
You gain five pounds just from smelling it.
No, my God.
The aroma could put you in a coma so good.
Pretzels were originally associated with Easter.
The twist of a pretzel were thought to resemble arms crossed in prayer.
Oh.
Good.
Gollymas Molly.
All the bubble miceies all the time.
For parents worried that their children might eat too much Easter candy, some experts suggest adding non-edible items to Easter baskets.
Crayons, movie passes, jump rope, space ball cards, kids videos, stencils, markers, paperback boos, chalk, plato, stuff animals or balls.
Boring.
Or drugs.
Here you go.
Oh, Neil!
This dick chainy.
I like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-Hour Mickey.
Hey.
And then the Lord said, let there be light and load.
There was light from the same people who brought to the much beloved talking Bible.
The Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the Lord said, the
Lord said, he's where he is not there. Check it out! There's a cowgirl's bottom and the moorah everybody's body's like look tomorrow. God's look down said, now my fault, don't look back on you son!
That white sick of peep started to freak, the cow came up and they cut the sheep, take a lick y'all, of the sheep y'all. Imagine all the song, all the parables, every sacred biblical word interpreted by the finest sucker MCs of all time!
Genesis!
Exodus!
To the wrong!
For rapping, Bible!
Making his word fresh again!
Take kids, what's real bad for you, but case real good!
Shaggy!
And what gives you the excess energy to drive Mon crazy?
Shaggy!
So, what breakfast cereal will you tell Mom to buy?
Next time she goes shopping!
Shaggy!
Shaggy!
Shaggy!
New super sugar-coated sugar-shockers are little bits of raw cane, drenched in honey, and colded with powdered sugar.
Glucose, fructose, corn syrup, and other natural sweeteners.
And they sell sweet sugar-coated sugar!
Right! Cause there's no yucky vitamins or minerals to spoil your fun!
And how does it make you feel?
Like I'm vibrating!
Mommy, look at my chocolate!
Mommy, look at the cake!
Mommy, look my sweater!
Mommy!
And mom's a love sugar-shockers too!
Cause inside every box, there's a free bottle of new Flintstones tubal-balli-o.
So try new super sugar-coated sugar-shockers!
From your friends at irresponsible foods!
Pummo 2 at 560 WDQA, I'm happy Friday to you!
Good Friday, pace off all of this stuff!
All of these things!
Gregory in Greg in LaRida, Florida, says,
We're buying stuff that, by the way, those last two bits were both by request.
Aren't you impressed?
That's nice.
Very nice of me, I think.
I think so too.
We're buying stuff that animals instead of candy for the grandkids this year.
He says, mom and dad don't want their kids bouncing off the walls.
Pain in the S kids ruined everything.
Could you play sugar-shockers?
Yes, I did, Greg.
Nice to charge.
Now, can a gramer send me this yesterday?
This is a poll.
I can't find a result of this in the Sun Central, but this is actually a poll they took in the Sun Central.
It was used to be supposedly a newspaper.
Poll, did Jesus rise from the dead?
Yeah.
Recent polls say most Americans in half of Britain's believe Jesus was resurrected.
In this Easter season, April 12 for Catholics and Protestants,
April 19th for Eastern Orthodox, what do you believe?
And here are the four choices.
Jesus physically rose from the dead.
Jesus rose but spiritually, not physically.
Jesus apostles had a vision of his resurrection or the apostles made up the resurrection star.
Story.
They should have added, is this a wild bubble my see or what?
And then you can vote on it.
Here.
In the Sun Central, this is a poll in a major market newspaper.
Did Jesus rise from the dead?
That's like, when the ones that poll come in with the tooth fairy leave dimes under your kids' pillows.
Well, to me, the best was during the Republican primaries when they had a debate
and they asked the people to raise their hands if they believed in evolution.
And they all raised their hands.
Come on.
I mean, not on the raise hand.
Not on the belief in evolution.
Do you want to try that one again?
Yeah.
But you know what?
I don't know them raised their hands.
No, none of them raised their hands.
Ridiculous.
Well, I think they're living proof that we haven't evolved.
Right.
All the idiots on that panel especially, who's the irreverent, I can't keep forgetting his name.
Mitt Romney?
No, not Mitt Romney's not irreverent.
He's a Mormon, the preacher.
Oh, come on.
I can think of it too.
I'm trying to tip in my tongue.
Okay, yeah.
John and Lake Worth says, boy, you were right with your comments about talk radio in this town.
With the demise of 9.40 am to the now all sports talk, which will fail miserably.
That's right.
There's nothing in this town to listen to.
I did listen to Ed Schultz until his removal from 9.40.
Randy Schultz, until she got Schmidt canned again.
And anyone else who was a hair to the left of Hitler.
Wow, what?
Now all the shows are right winged talking heads.
On Albumin Show last night, he split screened two Republicans at two different speeches,
reading verbatim the same talking points.
There's even a playbook out there for them.
I honestly do believe there's a conspiracy in this country to limit the amount of left-slash level-headed radio.
It worked real good in the election, didn't it?
Not.
For the first time in my 25 years of AM radio, I'm down to your show only.
And I do mean when you are alone Iran.
The signal up here in Palm Beach County was better 10 years ago than it's been the past few years.
Can barely hear you throughout most of Palm Beach County.
As of this moment, your upcoming vacation has been rescinded your art and reign on the air.
Yeah, huh?
Have a relaxing time in your vacation got my iPod ready regards.
John and Lake Worth.
Was it Huckabee?
Was it Huckabee?
My Huckabee, right.
Okay.
Well, you Google it.
I did.
Cheated.
Now it's not up or down.
The markets are closed today for the goyam.
They're not closed because it's a paysock.
They're not closed because it was Ramadan once upon a time
where because it was whatever, they're closed for good Friday.
I think this is an insult.
Now let me ask you to do non-catholic Protestants?
Do they celebrate good Friday also the way the Catholics do or not?
Hmm. I don't know.
Well, we'll find out.
I'm not really sure of that.
If good Friday is primarily a Catholic thing.
I know the non-catholic goyam that get real, real nervous about the Virgin Mary, all those statues,
all those chachkis that the Catholics are real big on, you know.
Yeah.
All those grave and images.
Yeah, I don't know.
As I go through my life, I just wonder how anybody with even an Iota with a little tiny bit of intelligence
and self-respect, how they can buy into this crap, any of these religions, this man-made garbage.
Yeah, herbias a Southern Baptist minister.
Who is?
Huckabee.
Yeah, I know that.
Why are you pursuing that?
We got the name.
Now let's move on and move on.
Like, like Devo told Rimmer, move on or a Rimmer told Devo.
Move on.
Okay.
Yeah, when it was going to be a confrontation there, Rimmer, I'll move on.
Yeah.
I actually give Devo a couple of points on that deal.
Remember we played that yesterday, remember that?
Yeah, that was good.
Oh, Oscar from a Serpenton England who just bugs the hell out of me.
Why didn't I block him?
An email from a friend, it says from a friend.
Very funny, Oscar.
Ah-ha-ha.
Hope you enjoy your time off next week.
You see, I still love you and care about you, even though you keep me like dirt sometimes.
And not sometimes all the time, and that's because you're an idiot.
You really should show more gratitude to the people who take their time to contact you,
with valuable, interesting contributions to your show.
Be honest without us, you'd struggle, wouldn't you?
Now without you, Oscar, haven't heard from me in a long time, we're doing just fine.
We're doing great.
Learn to embrace the fruit cakes like the top British radio talk show host have done.
You're still quite good, but they have surpassed you.
And if you take these lessons on board, you maybe get your salary back up again
and look forward to long and look at their contracts and return to Megastardo.
With your best interest at heart, Oscar from Serbita, England.
Yeah.
Great British talk show host.
Say, how did the queen, Oscar?
Go look in the mirror.
How are we doing with the polar on a candy?
Let me see.
230 racing at peanut butter thing.
I think they're doing that just to piss me off.
Could be.
Cadbury cream eggs, favorite Easter candy, 35,
recent peanut butter eggs, 33, and chocolate bunnies, 32, three-way
horse race going on there, speaking of the horses.
And let me go to the racing channel to make sure that we're in touch with all this crap.
But even so, she's in color between us, the slow pace, she's trying to go between horses.
And I felt she did a very nice job.
All things considered to actually finish third in this race.
As I said, the competition was pretty...
Don't you love all these candy crampers in the way they intellectualize their every move in the race?
I mean, you know.
Oh boy.
Take a hat pin.
Oh, those guys, that's aqueduct.
Only 50 minutes to the first race at aqueduct.
And an hour and six minutes to the first race at Gulf Stream.
Who's our contestant Craig?
Craig DeCronik.
Craig DeCronik.
Craig DeCronik, you got 50 bucks to win for him on the one Nicole Song with Javier Castelano,
who was claimed last time out in the new barn, first start in the new barn.
Going a mile on the weeds.
Larry says,
Hotdog Heaven is great.
My wife grew up in Chicago.
We've gone there for almost 30 years now.
I'm a junior Alta Cokker like you.
Do you remember Jewish soul food restaurant Brian Cox tried to start years ago?
No.
I believe it was called your mama Liga.
Is that sad or what?
Yeah.
Have a great vacation a matter where you go, be it Miss Kishnev or Biala Stock.
This is Larry.
Have you ever been to Sicily?
I know I've never been flown over it, of course, but never been there.
The biggest thrill of my five trips in Lee was been to Savoka and Fort Said Diagro,
true location sites of the Godfather film.
Bar Vittelli in Savoka.
Quite interesting.
Owner is Mamma Maria now 85.
Mamma Maria.
Not to be confused, of course, with.
Mamma Mamma Mia.
With Mamma Mia.
She said Al Pacino was a pain.
He couldn't speak an Italian.
She really didn't like, I don't know whether she really like Coppola much better or didn't.
I don't know.
And closing as they say in Palermo, see Benedica.
What does that mean?
Don't know.
This email there is just, I mean, start out good with the hotdog Heaven.
That was fine.
And then he started trying to be funny.
What have I always told you?
There's nothing worse in the world in the entire universe.
There's nothing worse than somebody trying to be funny, who's not.
Liri.
And speaking of being funny, here's one from Tiger Tamer.
Who do you like to win the matches this weekend?
Oh, God.
I hear you talking about horse racing, but not much about golf.
I would think that because 95% of your audience is male, at least half of them play golf.
You might want to talk more about this great sport.
It's not a sport, it's a game.
The TV ratings don't lie golf is huge.
I'll go watch it.
Go watch it, Tiger Tamer.
Yeah.
In fact, on my cable here, I got the, where is it?
What channel is it?
I'll find it.
Yeah, golf is in huge Tiger's head.
What?
He's huge.
What?
Golf is in huge, Tiger's huge.
Restless tonight when he sleeps.
I can tell you that.
And this hole will make you restless.
500 and 5 yards.
Dog leg right.
Oh, yeah.
When I go to bed, I'm worried about dog leg right, dog leg left.
I'm restless.
I'm under it in my mind.
I think golf is a religion to a lot of people.
Boring, ponderous, and even worse than playing it is watching other people play it.
Oh, Neil!
You're helping Neil Rogers.
Please give you some help.
All right.
This is G Gordon Liddy, and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Jesus Christ for extra strength, Dex Eddrin.
When you're getting crucified.
The last thing you need is a headache.
There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world, says, weighing on your shoulders.
And then some f***ing gladiator sticks a spear in your side.
Yeah!
Jesus Christ that hurts.
So when this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head, that's when I reach for Dex Eddrin.
While I... I don't reach for it.
Hey!
Anybody got any Dex Eddrin?
Hey, Jonas!
Could you throw a couple in in my mouth?
Come on! I'm the savior for Christ's sake!
Extra strength, Dex Eddrin.
Because a headache is a heavy cross to bear.
1217, how insensitive and grotesque and inappropriate that was, I like it though.
Yep. That was by request also.
Tom Jones, the song was, you people don't know your Tom Jones or your music sex bomb.
Don't you remember that song?
I don't know.
Come on.
Does it break back any memories?
No? No.
Oh.
And of course this is the Tom Jones who's like 110 years old.
He's about as sexy as a prune.
As a 10 times chewed prune.
Dog one. Now we're getting...
Did you say you like dog word? Did somebody else say that?
I said I liked it and somebody ripped me for liking it.
Well here's a police, there's a couple of locations in Miami.
Great Chicago style dogs. Dog one.
Yeah, it's good.
So believe who you want. Believe for this guy and flee or the other guy.
I said, bleh, bleh.
Rudy says flee is wrong.
The Republican candidates for the 2008 presidential election, a question was posed.
How many of you don't believe in evolution?
Okay. That was it.
Three hands that went up including indicated and not believe in evolution were former governor Mike Huckabee of Arkansas.
Representative Tom Tanquito Colorado and senator Sam Brownback of Kansas.
Three real flat earth lunatics.
Thanks Rudy.
There you go.
You were wrong. Sorry.
You made a mistake. You made a mistake.
Maybe Mike Rosenthal will come there from U.M. and slap you around a little bit.
You made a mistake.
Cow!
Definitely a news time. It's 322 on Mike Rosenthal.
Oh, those were the days. Wow.
I really could write a book.
No problem is nobody would be interested, but I would be.
Everybody's always telling me, oh, you should write a book about your 34 million years in broadcasting, especially in South Florida.
But nobody would buy it.
Oh, let me get off this golf crap.
Jesus God. Talk about boring.
Maybe get a get a price home here. I'm going to go with the one a decadent man who I thought to have a little bit of trouble last time.
Let's go back and take a little trouble at the race here on the April 4th.
Take a look at the last few speakers.
You'll see here.
Look at the pan.
The backstretching on the head out of the backstretch.
And we see a decadent man who's in the familiar Randy Persaud.
Soaks there dropping back a little bit.
Yeah, dropping back.
Puking his guts.
243 votes on the poll.
My favorite Easter candy is.
I'm only reading the top few here.
Cadbury Creamegg's 38.
Reese's Peanut Butter Eggs 34.
Chocolate Bunnies 32.
I don't eat candy 25.
I have jelly beans 22.
Marshmallow Peeps 22.
And melted chocolate Easter eggs 20.
Well, I do love melted.
Me too.
Malt balls.
Wappers.
Yeah, Wappers.
That's right.
I've had some Wappers in the last few months.
Now they have them over at the Chinese market.
They have them in little box.
Yeah, there's a good one.
Of course, most of their stuff is stale.
Oh.
Is there anything in the world worse than stale candy?
No.
Not too many things.
Stale.
The only thing worse than that is ice cream that's melted and then refrozen and melted again and refrozen.
They have a lot of that over there in the little no speaking this show market too.
Yeah, I guess that freezer burnt taste.
No, man.
Caca.
And especially when you knew it like I do, you know.
And you have a high hopes and then you realize that the outside there's more ice cream on the outside of the carton than there was in the inside.
It's all running.
It's moushalid.
Mike says there's a dive off commercial boulevard.
Just east of I-95 called East Coast Burrito Factory.
Terrific hot dogs and massive burritos have a great vacation.
Well, I've seen a few massive burritos in my time.
How do we get into this hot dog thing?
All I did was mention that place there on.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
So I'm getting hungry.
I'm getting hungry though all this food talk.
I got some weenies in the refrigerator.
I could like nuke one up here during the next break.
Nice.
And eat on the air and get bench smegle all upset.
Now you do no bun, right?
You just eat the hot dog.
I know who?
You don't use a bun, right?
You just eat the hot dog?
Oh, no.
I don't eat buns.
The only only time I read buns is when I go to Mickey D's, which for a long time there
I just ate the meat and I wasn't eating the bun.
It doesn't really make that much difference.
I'm discovering my blood sugar.
I don't know why.
But to the...
I'm going to tell you, anybody who knocks the double cheeseburger or says, hold the cheese at Mickey D's is an idiot.
Their taste is in their tachus.
I'm not saying this is gourmet cuisine.
Okay, we're one of the greatest things.
But the double cheeseburger, do you eat them at Mickey D's?
No, I haven't been to McDonald's in a while.
Why do you say it with such contempt?
Did I?
I didn't mean to.
Well, you sure did.
It's one of our very fine sponsors here on WQM, by the way.
Yeah, let me tell you, their fries are like crack, man.
I can't get enough of them.
They're like crack.
Yeah, they're addictive.
So you say they're like crack.
No, they're good.
Crack.
I don't eat fries.
No?
Oh.
See, I select my carbs very unwisely, but nevertheless, I select it by taste.
And I don't like fries all that much.
I scream, I like candy, I love.
But fries?
Eh.
Well, what's the big deal with fries?
Well, what is the big stimulus?
Why are they so...
Everybody's okay.
And like the Dutch...
They're on the dam rack in Amsterdam, man.
They line up for those damn French fries.
Don't they dip them in mayonnaise, too?
Oh, when you stop...
Oh, yeah, we all saw that movie, yeah.
They put mayonnaise and also they have this brown sauce that looks like it came from the Amstel River.
Or one of the canals.
Brown sauce.
In fact, Joe Bell could probably relate to it this week.
Leo, who is John ZTR, I thought John ZTR already admitted to being Leo Austin, fake.
Goldie was great today, great.
Oh, Neil, I haven't written to you in a long time, but it is something you do so in this momentous occasion.
Yesterday, Goldie filled in for gym and it says, you know.
I was in pure ecstasy.
It was just...
If heaven and earth had met, Goldie's great broadcasting voice coupled with talk of sweaty men in their balls.
I'll tell you, Neil, it doesn't get better than that.
Gildie is great.
He has a pure ear gase and what a joy.
Goodbye and take care.
I know you hate Gildie.
Goldie or Gildie, as you call him, but please just face the fact.
Gildie is a better broadcast.
You're a better person than you in every way.
Does Gildie still have his hair?
Check.
Does Gildie have a better voice?
Check.
Does Gildie keep me glued to the radio?
Check.
Does Gildie crisp with handsome, good looks?
Check.
Just face it, Neil.
Gildie is great in what we all aspire to be.
They say on the sixth day, God created man and the seventh day took the seventh day off to come up with Gildie, the perfect human.
Wow, very bad, John ZTR, very weak.
Trying to resurrect old fake characters that we already outed himself on.
That's sad.
It's tragic.
Some of these people are trying way too hard, you know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Andy and Pember Pine said, in honor of Easter, please play the wrapping Bible.
Please, okay, but George Kicks asks and Jerry your time off.
George Kicks asks and then Jerry your time off.
Yep.
I'm going to Berlin.
See, that's a long, great thing when you have credit cards and you have a passport.
You can basically get on a plane to go anywhere, yeah?
And just vanish.
Well, whatever happened to that old Neil Rogers, what a, I don't know.
Doesn't that sound like fun?
Yeah.
I've never been to Berlin.
Oh, Berlin's great.
Great food, beautiful people, and what's not to like and lots to see.
Tim says, dogmas great if you want to pay $9 for a hot dog.
East Coast burrito is good.
I also like to put a chain, but very good.
Yeah, it's good.
Is it?
Yeah.
And what is with that, all of a sudden?
Where did that come from?
I'll let you put this and hot pepper sauce on it.
It's everywhere, isn't it?
Like all these sauces now have it.
I know it's crazy.
I'll say it again.
If you want to buy stock, I don't know who makes preparation age, but if you want to invest in some company, there's one.
There's going to be a lot of people with burning roids.
In fact, we got a bit called burning roids, but we can't play it because it's got sounds in it.
Says, hey, Neil, if Lee is a vegetarian, how come he's eating hot dogs?
Whoever said you were vegetarian?
No, I am.
Now you are?
I am now.
Yeah.
You're a vegetarian, but why is that?
I don't know.
It was a bet and I stuck with it.
It's a long story, long boring story.
How long have you been doing this?
A couple years.
Oh.
About the same time that Jolly Jo Bell has been a QIM.
Coincidence?
Stirring to put the dots together.
Oh, Neil!
It's Friday, you bastard.
Well, a couple years ago, I made some money, I didn't pay taxes on it.
The government's got plenty of money.
They don't need to taxes.
They're dramatically higher taxes.
It starts with my brains, and I know why.
The headaches always come around tax time.
Keep that in mind, got to fill in the lines and get it in on time.
Oh, I know tax forms of a pain to think.
And fill in the mouth, man, it really stinks.
I'm doing all this so they can take but pay.
Yes, take half away.
It's so unreal.
But a fact you know, I'm in a major job.
Patients and numbers and no-s lost half-migresies.
Long ago, how I'll ever get to this, I just don't know.
It's been a lot of time.
I need to go, I'm trying to go.
I've been all far right from the start.
What it means to me, it just means a great equal fantasy.
Try it so hard, and it gets far.
It is the end, someone will fix this matter.
Hey, too tall, could that be wrong?
In the end, there will be better.
It's your tax time coming up.
The burden of taxes has shifted from the wealthy
to the middle class.
That sucks.
Yeah, life sucks.
1231 at 560 WDQM.
Happy Friday, good Friday, wow.
And happy paysock, a season paysock.
I guess I would have played that, huh?
Have the season paysock.
So thanks for calling, maybe.
She has sleeps with the fishes.
She's no longer with us.
Several years now.
She was a sweetheart.
See, the good people die, and the bastards like Joe Bell,
they live forever.
He'll live all of us.
You think so?
I don't know.
I hope not.
I don't think so.
He's evil.
Well, why do you say that?
He's fat.
Yeah.
And he's got some kind of a peepee problem, doesn't he?
Yeah, he did.
When he first came here, he had some surgery or something.
They tried to tie one on, didn't work out following on.
John's ETR, you see, I mentioned him, and here he is.
Didn't admit though about it, by the way,
to being the fake Geldy lover, but he's already,
he already fast up to that, lame.
He says, thanks to the list you were brought up,
the East Coast burrito factory, great burrito is the place
is small, but the tacos are great.
And here comes the worst part of this email.
It's just tragic.
Tragic.
By the way, his flee ever thought about making a message board
for WQAIM, this way, you can see listener feedback,
and people can discuss what sucks and what doesn't.
That line there is sucked.
And we don't need to have a message board to decide it.
Message board.
Oh, like a chat room.
Right.
You know, way back in the beginning, once upon a time,
long ago on our website, we tried that whole thing
with the chat room.
Yeah.
And it's like all chat rooms.
They don't even talk about the show or anything to do with us,
unless they want to rip us an ass, me and George.
And they get into a peen contest with each other.
Right.
That's what all those things turn into.
Why don't they start the room with something?
Don't know, chat no, whatever he said.
Okay, bad idea, John ZTR, only for really sick groupies like you
with no lives.
I have no life.
Jesus.
God.
Listen to feedback is what the email is for.
Is that what we're doing the emails?
Right.
So they can actually say something, what sucks, what doesn't suck,
what they like, what they hate, as if we care.
If you're like eating Mexican fast food,
it says fat boy in a lot of people who's getting really chronic
in annoying.
I recommend Tijuana flats.
I find it to be better than Chipotle and burrito factory.
There's one on commercial and Tamarack.
I recommend the mega Wana burrito wet, which means with cheese sauce
over it.
Check it out sometime.
No, I won't check it out.
Yeah.
Would you check it out?
No.
No, you won't check it out because you're vegetarian now.
I've seen that place.
You don't miss.
Oh, I do, of course.
There's things I miss.
So the so what are you accomplishing?
Is it a health thing or a, um, it's a little bit of health,
not so much health really.
A little thing.
Yeah, kind of just, yeah, my beliefs about your beliefs about what?
Eating living things.
How about eating dead things?
Oh, yeah.
There you go.
Here's one.
Are you up to, oh, this is, yeah.
I know you're old, but open yourself up with new technology.
Do you or fully have the following iPod?
Yes.
Yeah.
A Tivo.
Yes.
Yeah.
A Blu-ray player.
No.
Yeah.
You do?
Yeah.
See, there you are.
I know you're old, but open yourself up to a new technology.
I got all the good.
I got all the stuff I want.
Yeah, I think, uh, I think you're very, uh, advanced.
Got my, my crackberry sitting here, which I'm never without.
I mean, what's not to like?
Wait till you're this story.
Okay.
You know, considering it's good Friday, I thought it was going to be,
I'm not saying that the emails have been great, but there's just enough stuff to,
and of course the one to two hours, uh, a lot of that horse racing stuff, right?
The Gulf Stream stuff, which I know that everybody in the audience is just in
shawl, well, yeah.
Hey, listen, it's a commercial enterprise.
And that's what we're here for.
It's a make a buck or two.
That's what Joe Bell said.
Bell.
Race three has no changes.
Oh, I just, he just had the changes there for race two, and I missed it.
Race four kicks off the pick six with all the calories over.
It's also the two of the five hundred and eleven dollars.
Scratch number seven wood and could number seven.
Scratch this.
So, uh, there you go.
Just let you know that it's on there.
H, H, P, I, of course.
Player interactive.
Too bad you guys can't see the races.
Unless you're at the track.
Now, were you at the track?
Was it last Friday?
No, I wasn't.
The week before that.
Seems like only yesterday that George was out there.
Don't you remember the day that we couldn't get in touch with the beast was here?
That's right.
Right.
The beast was on your end and George was out there until the right until we came on a
year, we couldn't hear George.
They were having some aligned issues.
But then again, we don't have any technical issues at Q, A, M, because we are.
Something.
A decorated ex-cop who claimed to test it positive for cocaine because he ingested the drug.
During oral sex with his girlfriend, we can't have his job back.
A Manhattan judges ruled.
Supreme Court Justice Eileen Rackauer last month's shot down helicopter pilot John
Golden's attempt to overturn his April 2008 to missile from this missile from the NYPD.
Golden, a 15 year veteran tested positive for cocaine in October 2006 in a random drug
test using Harris from his arm.
Wow.
How come they didn't use Harris from his.
Welcome.
Golden and an adherent of the straight-edge lifestyle or reject substance use didn't
challenge the drug test.
He sued last year after a state appeals court rejected the NYPD's use of hair to test
for illegal drug use.
This is a very special human being who devoted his entire life to being a police
officer said, lawyer Paul Goldberger, he would no more use drugs than the man on the moon.
The man on the moon.
Kakamoon.
Golden's lawsuits said the cocaine in his system was the product of passive
ingestion from performing oral sex on girlfriend Karine McCarthy who once he tested positive
admitted that she was a regular cocaine user.
She never told Golden about her drug use court records say.
The couple met at a punk concert in a court of court records they would often sweat
while having sex three or four times a week.
Sweat hogs.
Yeah.
They split immediately once Golden tested positive for cocaine.
More than 70 friends went to batford the ex-cop saying they never had seen him take even a sip of coffee
and then he abstained at bars while others drank booze.
Clearly the wrong result was reached in this case Goldberger said this guy should be a cop.
Yeah.
However, Rackhard wrote that even though the appeals court put a stop to hair test in December
2000 something rather, Golden's firing must stand because he voluntarily cooperated with a drug test
and allowed hair samples to be taken from his arm.
I wonder if they pull it out with the tweezers you think?
I don't know.
Ouch.
I'm not buying a story though.
The states high score Tuesday agreed to hear an appeal from the NYPD in favor of hair testing
which the city began using in 2005.
I wonder if they pluck them out with the tweezers.
How about your eyebrows?
Can they pluck one of those out with a tweezer and test your eyebrows?
Sure.
Whatever.
Jeff Moss is, show as great as always, hope you don't go the way of the dodo via automated shows.
George Flea, Fat Chris are good radio.
Two things the Panthers haven't been any good since Jeff Moss and his olive suit left them by me arena.
This is from Jeff Moss by the way, who signs it to fake Brian Scroodland and Wayne H. is still Joyce.
And a more happy note have located the hideout of one Prozac Ron, your friend.
It's a good Friday indeed he sleeps with the Gafilterfish all the best says Jeff Moss.
He used to work for the Panther organization.
He was one of the PR guys, you know, really him and his brother.
I figure what his brother's name was.
Long time ago back in the old Miami arena days, you ever go to a game in the old Miami arena?
No.
You won't anymore.
It's long gone.
Just like the new Marlon Stadium, it's that even built yet and someday it'll be long gone.
Let's just keep building arenas and stadiums.
I think it's a really a tremendous use of tax funds.
Yeah.
Oh, I saw this, I think it was on our website or maybe it didn't maybe it wasn't important enough to put on about the old lady who tried to break up a sword fight.
What?
Yeah, we'll get to it.
She's dead by the way.
The lesson for all your kids out there.
Don't try to break up sword fights unless you want to get speared.
The Chipotle restaurant is either currently owned or previously owned and run by McDonald's as Joe from Palm Ed O'Bade.
Did you know that?
I did not.
Now they have vegetarian stuff in these places or are you just, yeah, they do.
Like what?
Black bean burritos?
Oh, like I said.
Oh, you did a lot of things.
All right.
The New Rogers on Sports Hole Radio W2A.
Hello, this is Robert Iger, president and CEO of Walt Disney Company.
Wow.
Hello.
Why did we stop all of that?
Diane, is this you?
Diane, is that you?
Diane.
Is this Diane Sawyer?
No, it's not Diane Sawyer.
I would Diane Sawyer recall this number.
Oh, Mr. Mouse.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, my God, you're alive.
Are you okay?
I don't know where I am.
I haven't seen you since your 80th birthday party.
I was gonna pick up clock with T-bags and green bags.
Sir, do you have any idea where you are?
I'm in a warehouse.
You're in a warehouse.
And I'm chained to a dead hooker.
And you're chained to a dead hooker.
And there's a puppet sitting in the corner.
And there's a puppet sitting in the corner.
That's what beating everything I say, Iger, sir.
Sir, why you chained to a dead hooker?
Why would I know the answer to that question, Iger?
Iger, sir.
I think the puppet has already read some sort of message aloud.
And it appears to be a minor mouse throughout my head.
Sir, it sounds like you're in Saw 6.
What?
You know the movie Saw?
No way.
Yeah.
Have you taken another one?
I don't know.
Last one, that pretty good.
Yeah, no, it was pretty good, pretty scary.
Listen, kind of get me out of here.
I think I've lost my left leg.
And I'm learning here that I can't really see what it's exactly.
It's not as like a vomit.
Sir, do you have any clue where you are?
Well, the hooker's definitely from Honduras.
So I would start there.
Sir, how do you know the hookers from Honduras?
I can see you have a big hair clogged.
Follow me.
I don't follow.
Initiate tracking device.
Initiate tracking device.
There's a tracking device implanted in my left ear.
What? What are in there, you as well?
Okay, I'll...
It's not in the initiated zone to my desk.
Can I have it in my address?
Okay.
Initiate the tracking device.
Okay, we'll do this.
You're very, very.
Okay, I will do, sir.
I don't know how long I can last.
Hey, I have some party, huh?
That was a great party, sir.
Oh, man, look at how the current party looks.
Yeah, great party.
Oh, man, give me the favor.
Okay.
I can't stand at 36ty money enough pushing days, huh?
Sir, you're chained in a warehouse to a dead hooker.
I've lost my leg.
And you lost your leg?
I've lost my leg.
Yeah.
I'm leading against the hair cloud.
You mentioned that.
Can't tell those two shows.
Sir, are you sure you're in the right condition
to be canceling programs on an ever...
I'm a goodness, man!
Even changing a dead hooker and Honduras,
missing a leg and booting off.
I know that you're stuck.
Okay.
And I'm...
I'm very, very happy to be here.
I think some masks are tightening.
Oh, no.
I'm going to go run to your office and initiate the tracking device.
I don't care.
You don't have to tell me what you're going to do.
Just do it before it reaches out.
Okay, by the way, happy birthday.
Oh, thanks.
I appreciate the rush.
You're welcome.
Bye, bye.
Bye.
Oh, you like that?
I love them.
See, that's one great thing about the Mickey Bits.
They're all long, real long.
That one is, um, Cousin forever.
Yeah.
Along is it three and a half minutes?
Still funny, though.
Let's play it again if you liked it.
Sure.
Now, here's a pathetic email.
Obviously, trying to be amusing.
Mm-hmm.
But from somebody who's so stupid,
they don't even know that I'm on the QAM, not IOD.
This is a pathetic...
Greg.
Says, Oh, Neil, I don't want to sound like a lifeless loser.
But when you go on vacation, our entire day is disrupted.
I hate to say it, but we don't like to listen to George
because he always sounds so depressing.
We have scheduled our days around the 10-2-hour,
and I just want you to know when you're gone.
We listen to TV or DVDs or nothing.
We schedule our days around the 10-2-hour.
That was the operative part of this email.
Right.
I hope you totally enjoy your vacation wherever you go.
I hope you have a great time away from W-I-O-D.
I really think W-I-O-D is sabotaging your show.
You're honestly the way he spells sabotaging.
Okay.
I say they should go F themselves.
Stay well, Neil.
Have fun, and we love you.
Miss you already and can't wait for you to come home safely
since Cirilee Kieran and Greg feels the same way.
Whoever Kieran and Greg are.
Oh, by the way, a fact check McDonald's no longer owns Chipotle.
They got rid of it in 2006.
Well, good for them.
Yeah.
I still say the Mickey D's double cheeseburgers are awesome.
I was having a couple of the other day too.
I can't eat only one.
You wait, you wait too.
Wow.
I always have two.
Why do you say it was the...
Oh, no, yeah.
I guess the double cheeseburgers aren't as big.
I was thinking of the double quarter-pounder which he's.
No, quarter-pounder would cheese my ass.
Two double cheeseburgers, but they're not that big.
No.
Kieran only won.
Yeah.
And I was sitting there and I looked at it.
I looked instead of just eating it.
I looked, you know, in the inside the guts of it.
Really?
And I thought to myself, this is hog heaven.
I mean, you're not eating meat anymore, so.
Yeah.
I just, I don't understand that whole deal about eating meat.
Well.
It's not for everyone.
So, so what do you eat?
I eat salads.
Yeah, I eat salads.
A lot of pizza, a lot of pastas, vegetables, obviously.
Tofu.
Toi.
Toi?
Yeah.
I'm not a vegan, so I eat eggs and cheese and stuff, you know.
I love cheese.
I love cheese.
I love cheese.
I love cheese and stuff, whatever turns you on, man.
Whatever makes you happy.
That's right.
That's why I don't preach about, you know, bread to tangas.
I don't care what you want.
I don't care.
A 77-year-old woman, this is an Indianapolis, suffered a fatal stab wound
while trying to break up a sword fight Thursday between her grandson and brother-in-law,
a police said.
An autopsy determined friend Ziska Stegbar died of a wound from one of the swords.
Police Sergeant Matthew Mount said.
Both men were hospitalized with stab wounds.
One of them was critically hurt.
We're unsure yet who started this fight, but how the sword play got involved, Mount said.
We're not sure who it was who stabbed the woman.
We'll have to do some testing on the swords and figure out who had witch sword,
whose blood is on witch sword.
One of the weapons was a WWII era Japanese officer's sword with a thin blade.
The other had a thicker blade, Mount said.
Police placed Stegbar's grandson, 39-year-old Chris Rondo, under arrest
on a preliminary charge of attempted murder.
Stegbar's brother-in-law, 69-year-old Adolf Stegbar, suffered several serious stab wounds, police said.
Francisco Stegbar was not breathing when officers arrived around 1 a.m.
at the home on the city's northwest side, and she was later pronounced dead at the hospital.
Yeah, not breathing is a good sign.
She's dead.
Adolf Stegbar was listed in critical condition at Wischer's Hospital, a spokesman said.
I wonder if that's named after very Wischer's, they make believe Harnestriver from 100 years ago.
It's not every day you think of it.
It's not every day you think of it.
You think of it all across a sword fight.
Yeah, not every day kind of stuff.
Rondo also was taken with stab wounds to Wischer's, police said he was alert at the scene,
but a condition update was not immediately available, and I'm sure we're hanging on.
This is at 1239 to Safnuna got this.
All of the story was in it.
I had it on our thing.
He was being held in the hospital's detention unit.
Sword fights, there's something for all you kids out there, get some swords,
little dueling, it's an honorable thing.
You're not supposed to be honorable.
Yeah, dueling.
Who was it, Aaron Burren, Raymond Burr?
I think what started that one is when Aaron told Raymond,
you ferry that.
Baron Fitz says, go to my hometown.
This is a suggestion for my vacation.
San Francisco, not been there, done that.
No thanks.
Great food, nice people.
The weather's pretty good this time of the year.
Close enough to Tahoe Reno if you get the Schlotz urge.
We'll never go back there Frisco.
Hated it.
Really?
Weather was horrible.
Always cold, windy, cold, bitter.
A lot of clones running around.
You know, silly queens with the clone mustaches.
Now maybe not anymore, maybe it's changed.
I've been there in a long time and I'm not going back.
I was there two years ago.
And?
No, last year actually, I was there.
Pretty much the same as you described it.
Miami Herald is a front page story today about abuse at Pompo Park
says the fake Jim DeFetus.
More Eisner, please.
No no chance, no more Eisner.
See, I play one of those right away.
Oh, let's hear all those.
Danes says another ass clown bashing George.
Danes just keeps since he changed his name.
He's just all over the place here.
Now there's a front page story on a Herald today about Pompo Park.
Let me see if I can find it.
Ah.
Ah.
I don't see it yet.
You see it?
I'm getting there now.
I don't see a damn thing about Pompo Park.
Well, let me Google it.
Because the fake Jim DeFetus may be full of crap, you know.
Could be.
Okay, I'm searching, searching.
Ah, let's see.
For Pompo Park, horsemen slots in that thing off.
That's the story.
Very good.
Thank you, fake Jim DeFetus, or real one, whoever you are.
Yeah, they're not paying off because the, uh, the, uh,
the aisle of Capri screwed him.
That's why that whole deal over there screwed up.
You've been to Pompo Park?
I have.
Oh, boy.
Talk about taking an opportunity to do something dead ass wrong.
I love Capri, they're the experts at it.
Yep.
Now let me print this out right now.
Do you hear it?
The pushin' out there?
Yep.
I felt something pushin' out about 40 minutes ago, but that was a little different.
For Pompo Park Horsemen slots in that thing off, says Michael Vasquez.
Like many in the local horse industry, Pompo Park trained a driver Michael Dieter's push-tard
to bring slots to south for this pair of mutuals.
Oh, this is long, I bet it.
Oh, good.
And this, this will be a good segue right into our Gulf Stream segment, the one to two hour.
Yeah.
And then for Craig and the one horse Nicole Song and the second race at Gulf Stream.
I think I saw the two of scratch in the second race.
Maybe one of our astute, because Steve Sloan don't do nothing anymore.
Well, I sent him a text as if there's any scratches.
He hasn't replied yet.
The two in the 12, I believe.
I turned it on just as they were flipping over to the third race changes.
That was only a second first time star that's won in the turf in five years.
But it made it pretty good.
Yeah, very good.
Tempest Storm.
I wonder if she's still performing at the pushy-cat theater.
Tempest Storm.
Name of the three horse.
Six to five favorite.
I wonder if she still has that fake apparatus that she used to wear.
Never heard of Tempest Storm?
No.
Old stripper.
About 10,000 years old.
290 votes on the pole about your Easter candy.
I still can't get over the, um, oh, and look what's number one.
They're just doing that to piss me off.
Reese's peanut butter eggs is number one tied for first.
Mm-hmm.
They're just doing that because I despise them.
Oh, you'll see that.
The one to do our.
You're fired.
You need to pack up the things and go.
It is not a good time for me to lose my job.
I'm thinking the way my boss told me.
Hey, happy birthday.
You're fired.
You're fired.
Well, guess he's been fired.
I used the feeling that the management doesn't care.
Whatever.
I've been replaced by some computer software.
Let go of my before my incredible bonus was due.
You'll find.
Well, ain't this the kick in the ass?
I'm in the unemployment line.
Unattached.
Unemployed.
I'm living with his father.
You'll find.
You've turned inside of a bastard.
Under the unemployment line.
And human.
Under the boss.
You've kicked bastard.
Everybody's out of work.
Nobody's got any money.
But it's good Friday.
Oh, right.
I don't get it.
Mm-hmm.
I think they just showed the first race at Woodbine.
Pretty damn sure.
Not that we care about that.
And the 10 and a 12 are the scratches in the second race at Gulf Stream.
I looked it up online.
Okay.
Since Steve Sloan ain't given us no ass distance.
Nope.
10 and a 12 are out.
Rob says, and I think Rob's full of it.
I love when people say I heard.
My mother used to say, oh, well, you know what they say.
And I'd say, well, who are they?
Right.
Well, you know what they say.
Rob says, I heard that McDonald's no longer puts two slices of cheese in their double cheeseburger
because it saves them 10 cents a sandwich.
I think you're full of it, Rob.
Here they put two slices of cheese.
I had a couple of just the other day.
And I'm pretty dang sure that we're going to.
Now, next time I get one, I'm going to make sure I look.
It says, if this is true, I will no longer buy it.
I love their double cheeseburger.
And I think this is tragic.
Well, I think it's tragic that you're repeating a rumor that somebody started giving you a son of a dance.
In addition to which, you think it would save them 10 cents a sandwich on with a slice of cheese?
When they buy, when you buy an quantity that a place like Mickey D's would buy.
Right.
I think that would cost you a dime.
No way.
For a slice of that American cheese, cheese food.
Well, whatever, but I'm just saying you think it would cost you a cost of dime?
Rob, I think you got a hearing problem, man.
I think you got, I'll go get some Q tips.
Stick your head in a pencil sharpener.
Clean your ears out.
Mike says just an idea for a trip.
Why not select a location in Asia?
Never been to Asia, have you?
Nope.
And your discussions over the years don't recall you ever mentioning visiting any spots in this region.
That's cause I haven't.
Personally, my favorite is Singapore with Shanghai being a close second.
Both have a European flare sprinkled in with their Asian culture.
Especially in Singapore, you get the European influence.
Plus, those hot Aussies running around.
Not to get food intensive, my favorite place is most southwest real.
Their burritos blow away to Potlis processed garbage, is Mike.
Wow.
How do you like that?
Maybe you heard of most southwest real.
I had one off of the 17th Street Causeway on Cordoba.
You've been here?
No.
Well, we'll get some reports.
I'm sure of that.
I'm thinking of that.
Although maybe we won't.
Like we didn't get any report about what's the song Tom Jones?
Yeah.
Sex bomb.
Sex bomb.
That wasn't even the song.
Sex bomb.
You never heard that song?
No.
I remember he did Prince's kiss.
That was pretty bad.
He did what?
The song kissed by Prince?
Yeah.
He did it.
Bad.
Well, he is bad.
But he's old and lovable now, Tom Jones.
He's old and cuddly and silly and furry.
At least 200 years old.
For Pompadopar Horseman slots are not paying off.
It says like many in the local horse industry, Pompadopar train driver Mike Deeter is pushed hard to bring slots to South Voters Paramutuals.
Back in 2004 when Voters rise to approve a state constitutional amendment, paving the way for slots, Deeter sent it out.
The post-lots literature with his son's elementary school are coconut creek.
Deeter is in the rest of Pompadopar, as largely working class horseman contributed 100 grand money they had to borrow to the slots campaign.
The referendum passed, but the expected windfall for horse workers never arrived.
Deeter said we got pimped on the legislation.
He said that's the gist of it.
They got pimped.
As the Florida legislature considers a proposal to expand slot-like machines to Paramutual statewide, the case of Pompadopar now days more known by the name of its new slots casino, the aisle,
is a cautionary tale.
Though the aisle is the busiest of browns three slot racenos, Pompadopar's persons, the method by which horsemen are paid, haven't doubled-like park management, said they would during lead up to the public vote.
Nationally, slots are often touted as a way to keep struggling paramutuals afloat, but once installed, the slots frequently become the main attraction.
Glitzy new slots rooms receive fine dining restaurants, other amenities, while the older horse racing dog racing highlight part of the business, might operate in an outdated decaying building if it keeps operating at all.
Oh yeah, just like woodbine, not like Dover Downs, not.
See, this is what happens when you get an idiot like Michael Beckett.
This is the same guy I think wrote the article about the mayor Robina and the comments about buggy, chariot racing or whatever, at a higher lia, could be.
It's obvious everything is 10 times better where the casino is, had clearance Wilkins, a recent patron at Highland, the Elbicis, Marty Grach, Casino, which features both slots and Greyhound races.
Marty Grach management says the states high tax rates on slots leave little money for dog track updates.
Upgrades. Down the streets from Marty Grach, Gulfstream Park is one of the Broward Racino that boasts a completely new look both on the racing and casino fronts.
The thoroughbred track underwent a $230 million renovation to begin before the slots arrived and then tweaked to include the machines.
The harness races at Pompo, our less glamorous than there, oh here we go with that again, Michael Vasquez, you're an idiot.
Less glamorous than their thoroughbred counterparts at Gulfstream and Pompo, 45-year-old track shows its age.
For example, bathrooms in the facilities, new slots casino include fancy video screen mirrors that display promotional images while patrons fix their hair.
Bathrooms in the racing area of water stained ceilings and no-fills mirrors and one a small piece of the wall is missing.
Frustrated, Pompo, and the horsemen took their pay complaints to court in 2007, but the case is still pending.
Casino management have pushed back attempts in the legislature that would make a written agreement with horsemen a prerequisite to operating slots.
We think we run the business and we should be able to negotiate fair persons with them.
Pompo and Parc lobbyists, Jack Sculding, Jr., said that Casino shouldn't be put in the position of having to deal with them with a gun to our head.
With Tallahassee lawmakers staying out of the Frey Pompo bears the distinction of being the only harness race track in America where slots were installed without any state legal protections to make sure horsemen received their fair share according to the U.S. Trotting Association.
South-photos other horse racing racing knows Gulfstream and Calder hold thoroughbred not harness racing, but there are two horsemen who guarantee to share a slots money.
Gulfstream horsemen received 7% of slot revenue with that share to go higher if the state lowers its 50% tax rate on slots.
Calder has yet to install slots, but when it does its horsemen will enjoy similar contract terms.
At Pompo, the drivers and trainers work with no contract and no pay guarantees since slots arrived in 2007,
persons have fluctuated sometime including slots money, sometimes not.
Casino management has argued that it fulfilled its pledge double-purses while the persons at Pompo have gone up,
numbers can prompt by the state's division of paramutual wagering show they've nowhere near doubled.
Pompo management and cis slots have been a blessing for horse racing, had slots not come to Pompo Park when they did,
they wouldn't be racing horses there anymore, vice president GM Michael Bloom said they'd be out of business.
Despite the addition of slots, Bloom said the facility is still operating in the red because of its high tax rate,
and the debt payments required to pay off the $195 million construction tab for the new Schlotz area in Polka Room.
Everybody said, oh there's going to be a giant pot of money, Bloom said there's no money left over.
Aside from the person's dispute, Pompo's horsemen complained of other broken promises.
Back in 2005, Pompo's general manager pledged in writing that upon the installation of slot machines,
the facility would hold at least 180 days of live racing a year, the track now holds 158 next year,
that number will drop 143.
When Pompo's horsemen cobbled together the 100 grand contribution of the first slots political campaign,
they did so on the condition they'd be included meetings with state lawmakers on the slots issue,
but in court testimony Pompo's representatives readily acknowledged holding multiple meetings with lawmakers without the horsemen present.
Too many to count one Pompo official testify.
One key meeting was then state representative Jack Seiler, the racetrack was in Seiler's district,
and he says he was concerned about the horsemen being treated fairly.
The two sides quietly struck a deal.
In exchange for Seiler not adding protections for the horsemen to a gambling billy with sponsoring,
Pompo management would increase the persons it paid.
The private memorandum of understanding between Seiler and the track guaranteed persons for the 2007-08 racing season
would be $12 million, which Pompo told Seiler was double the current level,
except it wasn't close to double, as persons stood roughly 8 million in the previous year.
Furthermore, the memorandum didn't prevent Pompo from reducing persons in the future,
something the track has done since, and they goofed him up and then they knocked him down again.
I'm just disappointed to hear the person that had gone down.
There was my intention, Seiler, said now the mayor for Lauderdale.
Pompo in the state's peer mutual industry and general or significant campaign donors and the legislature
during Seiler's recent successful run from mayor, several Pompo lobbyists donated to his campaign.
The current senate proposal to allow slot-like machines at peer mutual stay wide,
including the provision designed to avoid the Pompo outcome.
All facilities that had machines that would be required to negotiate a revenue-sharing deal
with the represented dog readers, horsemen, or high-life players.
But the bill should have become a law that would apply only to new race Senos opening in the future,
not existing slots facilities like Pompo, which has done a nightmare-ish job, nightmare,
butchering the whole concept of what it was all about.
How come they do things right here just about everywhere else?
And in South Florida, it's always half-assed.
Not slow, not fast, just half-assed.
There's Keenlyn, who's third at Gas 1,4, back of that one, two Pollard's Babes,
as they come toward the quarter pole.
You've got to get in the mood for the gulstream deal.
Race 1 is only four minutes away at Gulstream.
Aren't you getting all whipped up?
Yep.
Little knot in your throat.
I knew it!
Yes!
Why, there you bastards!
I met a priest when I was eleven.
He said he would save my soul.
But we made a detour on the way to heaven.
And into this bedroom we did take a stroll.
While he was standing in his underwear, told me to bend over and say a prayer.
Both up is broken when they thank you, ma'am.
I got molested by the preacher man behind the rectory.
Right, Tom?
You're fairly.
The next day I felt like a sinner.
And I showed up to get communion.
But all my tongue that was in a way first.
And it wasn't while I dribbin' off my chin.
While he was standing in his underwear, told me to bend over and say a prayer.
Both up is broken when they thank you, ma'am.
I got molested by the preacher man behind the rectory.
Here he was standing in his underwear, told me to bend over and say a prayer.
Both up is broken when they thank you, ma'am.
I got molested by the preacher man behind the rectory.
It's the first one to go screened by about 800 lengths.
All right.
Not that we care.
We're not participating in the double and all that other stuff because we got nobody out there.
And your guests, including sleep, sleep, sleep, a slone.
No, he finally got back to me.
Oh, did he?
Yeah, he said he attended the ten and twelve of scratch in the second race.
Ten and twelve.
Yeah.
You tell the Abel and can enjoy the play?
Anaboy, Steve, you're doing it.
You're right on top of it.
Well, the reason I played that bit, former LA priest has sentenced to three years in prison for sex crime.
How unusual.
A former LA priest at the center of Cardinal Roger Mahoney's unsuccessful attempts to keep Archdiocese personnel,
something from county prosecutors, was sentenced Friday to three years in prison
for molesting a young boy two decades ago.
Chopped off here on the right-hand margin, you know?
All my stories are chopped off.
Well, most of them.
George Miller's 70-plated guilty in December to molesting the child between 1988 and 1989, admitted to sexually abusing at least three other boys
after the ICC received its first complaint about him in 1977.
My family trusted you to teach me the ways of the Lord, not the ways of the hell.
One of the victims out in his 30s told Miller in a trembling voice in a San Fernando courtroom.
Miller gave a gray hair and a spectra gold sat silently with his fist covering his mouth.
A handful of supporters sat behind him in the courtroom audience.
LA County Superior Court Judge Cynthia Ulfig ordered him to take into custody immediately after the sentencing.
After the hearing Miller's lawyer, Steven M. Cron, said his client had a different version of what happened,
but accepted a plea to avoid a possibly lengthy prison sentence if he were convicted of trial.
He had a different version of events.
In the end, we decided not to contest the charges and it's time for everyone to move on, Cron said, just like D.Fo and Rimmer, move on.
Prosecutors believed that Miller molested at least six boys between 77 and 91.
Deputy DA Ann Marie Wise said the case would have been a challenge to bring the trial because of all the time that's passed.
The difficulty the victim would have had in testifying how abusive the victim was emotionally scarred.
She said the outcome of the case gave victims a chance they had long sought to confront Miller in court and hear him respond to the abuse.
I don't think that any amount of state prison can ever heal the victims in this case.
Wise said the DA's office initially charged Miller in 2002 molesting several boys, but the charges were dismissed along with more than it does in other cases against priest or former priest.
When the US Supreme Court struck down a California law that extended the statute of limitations for decades old sex abuse and it goes on and on same old stuff, same old story, same old getch keys, same old people turning their kids over to priests.
Now here's the real skinny on McDonald's thing since this has become a real bono contention if I can say that.
I think it's a choice.
It's become a contention.
Mickey D's wants to hold a cheese on dollar menus double burger.
McDonald's court wants to bump its popular double cheese burger off the dollar menu for a less cheesy sandwich.
The Oprah space fast food giant confirmed this wicked asking franchise leaders to support the new sandwich to be called the McDouble, which would have two hamburger patties and one piece of cheese.
Franchise leaders are recommending their colleagues vote to approve the new sandwich accordingly memo obtained by cranes, whoever cranes it.
The memo notes that the new double hamburger with one piece of cheese would sell on the dollar menu while the double hamburger with two pieces of cheese would be sold at a higher price.
See they still got the two pieces of cheese like I said, the coup fall had road and before it.
Oh, I heard this and I heard that here's the real skinny right here from George in Orlando.
The recommendation to add McDouble to our popular dollar menu reflects that we're providing our customers even more choices with the everyday affordability of our customers expect McDonald's said in the statement.
The recommendation would just the price of double cheese burger allows us to continue to provide the same great tasting burger our customers know and love still at a great value.
Franchise is scheduled to vote on the proposal in November.
Since management wants the double hamburger with cheese on the dollar menu, the last franchise is in the field to keep voting until they get a right to dick Adams and McDonald's franchise is consultant.
It's up to the individual franchise is to decide how to price the classic double cheese burger which I expect will go from $19 to $99 depending on the area of the country.
Still pretty cheap.
Like a buck in a quarter for a double cheese burger.
Nothing that's pretty cheap.
Yeah.
Or you don't eat me anyway.
So what the hell do you know about?
I know it's cheap.
Removing one piece of cheese will save franchise is about 6 cents per sandwich.
See, not a dime.
See, this other guy heard a little bit of this story and right away got it all balled up.
It notes that in test markets featuring both versions about 60 to 70% of customers continue to order the classic double burger with two pieces of cheese.
The memo to franchise is says the changes could boost cash flow by about 15 grand a year per restaurant.
This sounds like a legitimate option to remove a piece of cheese, but it seems odd to offer both double cheese burger as said Larry Miller and analyst in landed with RBC capital markets.
Any change to the dollar menus really important because it's in such high demand now.
I'm gagging on it.
Yeah.
The dollar menu accounts for about 14% of McKee's US sales and helps bargain on the customers and get into the restaurants.
The rising food costs which McDonald's expects to be up about 7% this year have squeezed franchisees profits and cash flow.
McDonald's has raised prices about 4% on its main menu items this year, but has left the dollar menu alone.
Executives said there have been no changes to the double cheese burger price in the past six years.
Okay, there you go.
There's the real story, the story behind the story.
Yep.
Six cents, not a dime.
Okay.
A dime for slice of cheese.
Okay, now let's take a look at the opening odds for the second race at Gulf Stream.
Shall we?
Yes.
Who's the favorite?
I don't know.
The one, five to two favorite.
You got a heavy favorite.
The three is nine to two.
The six is four to one and the 11 is a nine to two.
So there's one, two, three, four horses getting bad.
But the one open, why is it that the horse I pick always?
And what's his name?
Ron Nicoletti picked the something else.
Five I think.
Yeah, five, which is seven to one.
How come every time I pick a horse it opens his favorite at Gulf Stream?
I don't know.
Is that the power of?
Feel good.
Or is it more likely a coincidence?
I would imagine.
So there's the story on that.
Here's the poll result.
My favorite Easter candy is where we sure got a far adrift of this.
We got two hot dogs and Mickey D's and Chipotle here.
And by the way, Rudy says most sub-grills sucks, at least the one in the realm,
Chipotle is much better.
So he don't like it.
Nope.
You know, if you ask any half dozen people about different places,
you're going to get six different answers.
Favorite Easter candy is Reese's peanut butter eggs, 52, how tragic, how gag-inducing.
Canbury cream eggs, 49, chocolate bunnies, 46.
I don't eat candy, 37.
Jelly beans, 26.
Melted chocolate, a melted chocolate, these two eggs, 24.
Yeah, melted ones are really a melted.
You like melted or melted?
Both.
Malt and 24.
Marshmallow peeps 23.
Hershey kisses 19.
Easter M&M is 13.
Canbury eggs, 13.
I can't eat any candy, 13.
Marshmallow Easter eggs, 9.
And gummy bunnies still, Solomente Uno, only one.
Out of 325 votes, gummy bunnies.
Yep.
The best is when you would like suck on the woppers until they collapse.
That's good.
Yeah.
That's good stuff.
Yeah, they're not still.
Right.
They're still.
Oh, horrendous.
Jelly beans is like in the middle of the pack.
Yeah.
Timothy says, Chipotle was a local Denver chain that was acquired by McDonald's like Boston
Market and sold off in 2006.
Yep.
They use natural unprocessed meat and chicken, no steroids, antibiotics, etc.
Moses, Erzatz, says, Erzatz, make believe.
Moses, you know, Moe?
Do you never met Moe, huh?
No, unfortunately.
Wow.
For you sure missed the excitement.
You missed the salad days.
Yeah.
Moe and Gildi.
And boy, they ever hate each other.
I mean, just spies each other.
I don't know if Moe hated Gildi, but Gildi sure hated him.
And Gildi's a nice guy.
So, that's what I hear.
I hear he's the, uh, great voice, great looks.
I don't know about all that.
Oh, yeah.
That's what I'm hearing.
That's the rumor on our emails.
Oh, no.
It's Fattwa Friday, you bastards.
If your party snacks taste like hell, this year at Christmas serve Jesus of Nazareth.
Your guests will say, Holy cow, when they bite into these sinful, erid streets.
And Jesus of Nazareth come in a variety of flavors from Alapeno to hallelujah.
Get the snack he would have liked and the taste worth praying for.
Jesus of Nazareth.
It's your salvation, this Christmas.
There's a Jesus of Nazareth shop on business, Lou Vady right next to Chrysler Almighty Motors.
What's 31 and 560?
My request from Brian, who says McDonald's now offers the McDouble on their value meal.
It's a double cheeseburger with just one.
I just got through a wee now all of that.
Yep.
But this was sent probably earlier.
Also in the spirit of the season, could you play Jesus of Nazareth?
One of my favorites.
You're the best as Brian.
Thank you, Brian, since we are cheese intensive.
Yeah, you've been doing lots of requests today.
Well, why not?
Well, you know, it's a holiday of sorts after a fashion.
Let's see how that one horse is getting better gallstream.
Three to one.
Still to talk.
You see, wide open race.
When the favorite is three to one, I mean, anybody can win.
Three horse four to one.
Five horse five to one.
Six horse seven to two.
The other five to one.
So the one is a very lukewarm favorite lukewarm.
Should be good race.
How do you know that?
Well, there's no one that should be blown anybody out of the water.
So how do you know that?
Just go by the aunt, I guess.
Odd is the word.
Odd is the operative word.
Don't forget we got the big O is on today.
Two to four.
He's the only other one beside me working regular shifts today.
What a guy.
What a guy.
Yeah.
And then we got guilty again.
Oh.
Oh, that guy is going to be squeezing himself guilty four to seven.
Be stayed two eleven tonight and then Greg Likens, which I still don't understand that.
Yeah.
If they're making all these cutbacks and not that I want Greg Likens to lose those two hours, you know,
I mean, how much can they be paying him for those two hours?
See, that's the thing that really gets me is when they start talking about, well,
we got to cut back millions and all this other crap.
And then they start talking about guys like fat Chris Wailen are making like 75 cents an hour.
Right.
How much is that going to help out?
Not much.
You see what I'm saying?
Pennywise and pound quarter pounder foolish.
Got to do this next break.
Oh, just a tad early.
Okay.
Oh, here we go.
Gregory Belmore.
This is another John ZTR bomb.
Real bad bomb.
I guess he's replacing Ben.
Who was the other guy?
I don't know.
Dendover.
Whatever the guy's name was the etiquette guy.
Ben, I'll find it.
I got to hear my poll.
Here it is.
Ben Schmiegel.
Remember Ben Schmiegel?
Oh, yeah.
By burping and eating on the air.
Well, anyway, Mr. Rogers, my records verify I have contacted you previously regarding your
abominable habit of coughing and burping while on the air.
I do believe there's a contrivance known as a cough button that is used by professional broadcasters
to mute these nauseating noises.
I suggest you use it or I will have no choice but to go over your head at WQM management.
Thank you.
Thank you in advance for your corrective action regards Gregory Belmore Esquire, the
Belmore Building, 2400 East Commercial Boulevard for Lauderdale.
Aren't you impressed?
No.
You're not?
Nope.
Very weak John ZTR.
Very weak.
And this is a guy who wants us to put up a chat board.
What do you call it?
Message board.
Message board.
Yeah, I got a message for you John.
That's the message.
And that too.
God.
Oh, you sent me this.
This is really depressing news.
Nothing I care about that organization anyway.
Canadian pop star Celine Dion, Cirque de Soleil founder Guy Lela Berthe and Quebec cable
drive, Quebec Corps media have emerged as potential bidders for the Montreal Canadians NHL team.
The frogs Quebec broadcaster Radio Canada said this week that the Bank of Montreal has
signed confidential agreements with 10 potential suitors who have until 5 p.m. Thursday yesterday.
Old news you sent me.
To submit formal bids to 80% majority owner George Gillette, Denver Bay sports team and events
for motor.
Other interested parties include US investment from spectrum equity, Montreal business
man Stephen Brompton of courage investments, a cousin of Warner music group chairman and
CEO Edgar Brompton and the cost they depot a place ma a provincial pension fund job,
whatever the hell that means.
Case the depot a plus ma frog frog talk and addition to picking up the hockey team of Canadians
by would acquire the bell center arena Montreal and a concert promotion division.
Gillette also owns Richard petty motor sports and the UK's Liverpool soccer club.
Celine Dion.
Oh my God.
Can she sing?
Can she build it out?
Somebody ought to build her out.
Can't stand her.
Celine Dion.
I think I'm going to start a petition to get her deported from Canada.
Get her out of here.
Just don't send her here.
What?
Don't send her here.
Oh, I didn't get to this.
So there's a whole bunch of stuff I haven't gotten to and we probably won't get to too much
of it because we got the big race coming.
Let's take a puke at the odds man before we do the break.
We told her a little bit early because though all the races nine minutes away.
The one is still the favorite three to one but very lukewarm favorite.
Five is four to one.
Six is four to one.
Four is five to one.
The 11 is seven to one.
Oh, the one just went to seven to two.
So that's good for a craig because if he wins that's a nine dollar horse.
Fifty bucks at nine dollars is a 225 bucks.
Nice.
If the one wins.
Right.
Nicole Saan with heavier cost alone.
Just a first race off the recent claim.
Jackie change all these things.
All of these things who the hell knows.
It's like a pig in a poke and I'm saying a lot of pressure next week is the last one
of these we're doing.
Yeah.
A lot of pressure probably at like 10 years to my life.
Oh, yeah.
It's Friday.
You were still.
Jesus Christ.
You're the star.
Are you as well?
It's as well.
It's as well.
It's as well.
It's as well.
It's as well.
It's as well.
It's as well.
It's as well.
It's as well.
It's as well.
It's as well.
It's as well.
It's as well.
It's as well.
It's as well.
It's as well.
It's as well.
It was okay but worth it as well as madman.
Jesus Christ.
The star.
Rex Rie and the pope giving you four stars.
Jesus Christ.
Take a look.
Don't see the film till you read the book.
Jesus Christ.
All is free.
So where there was no heart she's been.
Jesus Christ.
T.
Finally got your name in the riot.
Jesus Christ.
The love is gone.
Are you as well?
Oh God.
141 all the fairy tales all the book noises all the time baby.
Happy a good Friday.
Happy pace off.
Happy whatever you want to celebrate.
Happy jelly bean day.
Yeah.
The one is a five to two now.
He just took another hit.
He's been the favorite all along.
Uh-oh.
He was as high as seven to two and then back to three to one.
And now five to two he's taking late money as a good sign.
Of course it's be a better sign if he crosses the finish line ahead everybody else.
Mm-hmm.
Two minutes till post time.
Gulfstream.
Money had you my seat.
Are you?
No you're not.
Yeah.
I mean in the beginning when we started doing this deal to pick up anything.
I felt like this enormous pressure like oh my god.
You know, but the bottom line is the chronic crag.
He ain't investing anything.
It's fifty bucks.
We're betting for him on the one.
He's getting up and you know he gets the money if he loses it.
Nothing out of his pocket.
Right.
No sweat off his ass.
Anyway, here's a.
Oh, a bambi says just curious what is a good kosher wine.
The grocery store is here only carry the Managevets brand.
Well, here's a good kosher wine bambi.
Managevets or Mogen David.
Those are the only two I know or ever heard of.
You know any other kosher wines?
No.
A goi is your couple like you.
I'm asking about kosher wine.
I don't know.
I do like wine now.
Do you?
Yeah.
Now, you look for the little circle you want the label?
No, I don't care about that stuff.
Make sure if it's kosher.
In other words, you won't eat meat but you'll eat trough.
Right.
I suppose.
Although I don't know how you trough because you're not eating a milkin meat.
Well, I would be trough that's so not, I don't know.
Well, I eat dairy so.
Yeah, I don't know.
Doesn't mix with any meats.
I don't know.
Well, here's the horses on the track.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
I'm going to have to make sure that the wine is ready.
This is how it really happened at most Mickey D's outlets here in South Florida.
Here's the image, the story behind the story, allegedly.
Five or six weeks ago, the double cheeseburger disappeared from the dollar menu.
Bad news for old shleppers like me who rely on that menu for a hit of meat
and other tasty junk food once a week or so.
Then about two weeks ago, they make double, two hamburger patties
with only one slice of cheese showed up on the dollar menu.
The new thing taste great is perfectly fine.
One slice of cheese per fast food meals and off cholesterol for me.
Thank you very much.
Fortunately, the suits of McDonald seem to understand that a dollar menu
with a reasonable selection is on it is the thing that brings in a good chunk of their customers.
Hopefully they'll keep it around for at least a few more years.
Now, I don't understand.
How has that changed from what the other story said?
I guess it didn't.
No, it's the same story.
It's the same damn story.
There's one slice of cheese on the double cheeseburger that's on the dollar menu.
Right. I think he said he basically just changed a name of it.
Right? It's not called the double cheese anymore.
What do you call it?
The other story said in the big double.
Two hamburger patties.
That's what the other story said.
Exactly the same Russell.
There you go.
Love the show. Have a great weekend.
The chronic and cocoa.
Well, he just, you know, one of those guys, he's got to be smarter than everybody else.
Smarty fans.
Yeah.
Would you realize I'm going on vacation in about nine minutes?
That's awesome.
Really, is that might not go anywhere and then again, I might.
I'll think about it.
I'll give it some thought.
I'll sit around and like, twiddle my thumbs.
Well, do I? Do I not?
You know, save a lot of money if I stay here, although I could be going to woodbine every day and lose a lot of money.
Sure.
I go to Berlin. I don't know if there's, I think there's a casino.
One of the big hotels there.
What about Vancouver?
They have gambling there.
Oh, yes.
River Rock Casino.
Nice little place.
I'm pretty good there.
That's the place where Paco insisted on playing the five dollar wheel of fortune and he hit two grand on the wheel.
Yeah.
I remember them screaming and I'm, oh, don't do it.
It's a killer and he gets two grand.
Well, if you go back to Vancouver, I say this place called the Opus Hotel.
It's awesome.
And it's within walking distance of like some really good restaurants.
Oh, here you go.
The fake gym defeated this is a poor, half a year.
First of all, wasn't I?
Yeah, bet the chalk, Neil the chalk.
Well, guess what?
The chalk was the one and we did bet it needed win idiot.
See, that's what happens when he has so much fat.
It like strangulates your blood from flowing up into your brain.
Yeah.
That's the fat gym and defeat us.
Can you believe it's a little, a little murky, but not too bad.
Plus nine, 48 degrees here.
It's not bad.
It's going to make it to 50 second day in a row.
I think it's 82 here.
No.
Too hot.
No, 82 is okay.
Yeah, it's not bad.
Now, when is the Marlins game tonight?
Yeah, they have a game tonight tomorrow night and then Sunday afternoon against the nets all this weekend.
Saturday's a six o'clock game, which is weird.
All right, God, I just got, and I talk about going on vacation on a sour note.
I just got an email from Guess Who, your close friend.
Okay.
Joe Bell.
Oh, really?
Have a great vacation.
I'll call you sometime next week.
I'll be on vacation next week, okay?
Don't call me on vacation.
No.
You don't even consider an affirmative answer that preposterous nonsense you suggested yesterday.
Joe, the answer very clearly is no.
No.
I'm not going to bring it up on a year, but it just the flu knows what it is.
Are you sure?
Positive.
Let me say it again.
In freaking O.
No.
No.
Take out the scalpel and chop away someplace else.
Oh, me.
Oh.
It's day, oh.
In Miami town.
Yes.
Yes.
At 560 WQA.
Oh.
Don't lie.
All the harbor.
Don't go, don't go.
Every time I see.
Don't go, don't go.
That free-tarded dimwitch.
Don't go, don't go.
All the TV.
Here's President Thumbt.
Rapulsikets muscle in.
And in archangel and idiot.
I don't know why they want this guy, but now he's here.
First crew to next four years.
With President Thumbt.
Oh.
Oh, what I get to go both ones fall.
And get to we all voted for.
And you want this?
Don't go, don't go.
Lift drum and stupid beat.
Don't go, don't go.
Find this drunk and rich kid.
Don't go, don't go.
He's even lumber than me.
He's President Thumbt.
Yeah, don't care what it took.
You got him in by hook or throw.
With Christian.
All it knows what's best for you and I.
But how come fear?
We've got a great leader here.
With President Thumbt.
Oh.
President Thumbt.
Oh.
President Thumbt.
President Thumbt.
Oh.
