The music's pressed on the previous programs.
That sounded like Woody with a list of colors.
Oh my god.
Exactly.
Or...
It's doused, advertised, and judged.
You're the best.
Hey, where's the connection?
Oh, yeah, man.
One day to roll.
I'm a fan.
Yeah.
A lot of days.
It's early at the...
Oh.
Don't get excited.
It's early at the last minute.
Five, sixty, WQA.
Yeah, leave us anything.
Neal Roger Show.
To talk to Neal.
Dial 567-0560 in date and broard.
In other counties, call toll free.
877-785 Neal.
I'm gonna start collecting 60-60.
Social security boys and girls.
I'm an old part.
I worked on a few years.
It's gonna start collecting a few bucks.
His guests or his collars do not represent those of WQA
and management staff.
And it's five years.
Now, Neal Roger Show.
On 568-WQAM.
Oh my god.
You're a breath.
So beautiful.
Hey y'all.
It's freeing me again on my blog.
Well, I'm still on the road.
And I...
Oh hey dad, what's up?
Honey, I got your grits.
Kevin called.
And you're f***ing s***ing out.
Okay?
Dying it.
I can't believe it.
I have to call Kevin back.
Anyways, the last city we went to, we...
Excuse me, Brittany.
Go ahead, Tyrone.
Oh, he's on my security detail, y'all.
There's cameras everywhere and he watches everything.
It's great.
You have a visit at the gate and you're f***ing s***ing out.
Oh, I'm G.
Someone's at the gate.
Oh hey, London.
What's that?
Showing printed mail in a well?
Oh my f***ing s***ing out.
Let me stuff it back in.
Thanks, London.
That could have been really embarrassing.
T-T-F-N-Y-O.
I love that.
Not as much as the VJJ, but nevertheless.
What's better than VJJ?
Oh, I don't know.
Peepee.
PJJ?
Yeah, Peepee.
10-O-2 at 5-60-WQM.
Happy Thursday, too.
Well, see, we got Orlando at Boat Campers at 2.
Wow.
Curtis for the Mad Dog, 4-7 at Boat Campers also.
You see a pattern developing here?
Yep.
And then we got college hoops and hoops and heat and heat and hoops.
College hoops seven of midnight from Westwood 1.
And then ESPN radio, because we sure don't want to pay anybody to work overnight live,
because it's pointless, especially when nobody can hear it anyway.
Today is our Neil Deal at noon, and then tomorrow is Friday.
George is going to be a Gulf Stream tomorrow.
Oh, that's here.
Very excited.
Plunging his guts out.
That's right.
And we're going to bet about 50 bucks on the double and a couple hundred bucks on the second race by itself.
Sounds great.
I think you ought to take about a grand out there.
A grand what?
What are you laughing at?
I wish I had a grand.
You got a grand.
A grand piano?
You wish.
You'd sell that thing in a heartbeat.
Oh, yeah.
We don't, I don't know who worked this morning across the street, because I've had no spy reports on that.
I do have a spy report from John and Fort Lauderdale, who's obviously very euphoric.
It says, depots back, depots back, depots back with exclamation points, complete with the real Greg Budelle spots on 640 WFTO.
All right, then.
I mean, what more could you want?
Of course, depots have been back for a few days, I believe, but nevertheless, maybe John just discovered it.
Leave depots alone.
And of course most of the audience does.
I mean, there are some of these people on the ear, or at least supposedly on the ear, and it's just like normal cans coming back on that fandom station this weekend.
So that email said anyway.
Well, what's the point?
Where do we start?
Well, what is the point of it?
To make a few bucks for these losers, I mean, what are we talking about?
Oh, but there are broadcasters, Neil.
You don't understand a great broadcasters, like DFO.
By the way, Rimmer wants your job before I just thought I'd say that on speaking of Rimmer, all of those Panthers last night, they just keep blowing and blowing and blowing.
Good.
Jolly Miss Molly, three to one lead on that marginal goal in the early, a part of the third period.
Again, that they had to win.
They had to win and they wind up losing it.
And then of course, Nathan Horton would achieve shot in Maxif and again, he comes up to Horton's peepee.
Is how small he is.
I've been again off.
He's a level player.
Scores into an empty net to make it five, three with 31 seconds left.
And Horton gives him a real cheap dirty shot.
Nice going, Nat Nate.
God, they suck.
We love the Panthers.
They blew it again.
Oh, yeah.
Nobody cares anyway.
That's the good thing is that nobody cares.
One of these days, we'll be talking about, oh, remember, when we had an NHL team in South Florida, remember those days?
I think I'm going to be joisin' again here in a while.
Wow.
Yeah, maybe in this first break.
Damn.
Yeah, I'm going to rejoice.
Hallelujah.
Oh, now I wonder where the hell it was that flick on.
It probably is over by now.
Oh, no, it's not over yet.
Nope.
Oh, there's the amazing.
Oh, damn it.
There will be blood.
We could have caught the piglet.
The bowling.
Yeah, the bowling can do it.
I guess they figured a lot of dramatic violin music all throughout was going to make it a great flick.
It was a piece of turd, man.
Oh, you're wrong, Neil.
You don't understand great film when, yeah, right.
I'm wrong about everything.
The Dows of 60 points, 63.
Whoa.
Okay, let's stick over to the pool before we get started with today's Hazarai.
And we got some in the past year.
What's the biggest of the longest time you've been without your cell phone?
I can't even read it a few hours 284.
You know why I can't read it?
Why?
Last night at my Chinese no-speak English market.
I discovered I was just looking for soda.
I was being able to buy any candy rice.
Uh oh.
And I saw...
Yeah.
Marshmallow bananas.
And it was a little orange marshmallow things.
Like those cream-filled cookie thingies?
No, not cookie things.
They're marshmallows. They're orange.
Okay.
Marshmallow bananas, they're called. Do you ever had those?
I think I need the whole bag.
Oh, I think it comes in a bag.
Well, I thought you were talking about like ice cream, like an ice cream sandwich or something.
I just got to a town that didn't eat any candy rice cream.
Well, that's candy.
Well, I wasn't looking for it.
I just saw it.
I was sitting right there by the soda.
Now your vision is blurry.
I can't.
You might have it.
I'm going to put my legs up with all over.
With a knife.
A pocket knife.
A pocket knife.
And I'm going to like poke my eyes out.
Well, obviously you've been without your cell phone.
A few hours 285, a day 264.
Never been without my cell phone.
144.
I just farted real, real bad.
Deep into the seat.
A week 134.
Don't have a cell phone 80, a month 65, about a 1972.
Don't have a cell phone 80.
Well, I'm changing the pole.
I'm getting rid of that thing.
That's kind of like a desperation pole, you know.
When I go through the pile of them that are around here and they're like, oh, I guess I'll put this one on.
When you're mailing it in, what's not to like?
The most identifiable voice ever is or was.
Now, you know who's not on here?
Whoever sent this pole, shame on you.
Walter Cronkite should be on.
Geez, let me put that on there right now.
Oh, and look at Geldie Yeltsin is on there.
And look, I said, it's a great pole.
James Earl Jones, Paul Harvey, Howard Cosell, Fran Drescher, Eartha Kitt,
Geldie Yeltsin, John Wayne, Barbara Walters, Barry White, Mike Tyson, George Burns, and Tom Broca.
How could Tom Broca be on here and not Walter Cronkite?
All these other now.
You see, I'm not seeing it refresh.
I did refresh.
Let me refresh it again.
There he is.
I'm voting for Walter Cronkite.
You could recognize that voice a million miles away.
Mike Tyson.
You get out of here.
You want to put Mike Tyson on there? Go ahead.
Go ahead. Go ahead.
I read it right off.
Oh, he is on there.
I'm voting for Darth Vader.
So the other pole is finished.
Thank God.
Now, I don't want to start out on any negative note, but this is obviously fake.
And it's probably John's ETR.
Kevin Coffee, political talk is too much for me to handle.
Now, since the election, how much political talk has been on the show,
an addition to which, from the very first day I sat down in this market, March 1st, 1976, and WKAT, I talked politics.
I'm a proud liberal.
I have no apologies for it.
I always have been always will be.
And when there's stuff going on like elections and primary reason stuff, I'll talk about it as much as I want to.
Here's another one with advice.
So it's got to be.
It's got another fake crank.
I loved your show for a long time.
I want to write to encourage you to calm down with a political talk.
There hasn't been any political talk on this show in months since the day I'm election back in November.
I enjoy your humor, but since your show took a political turn,
I've had a harder and harder time trying to stomach your show.
The Bush years were a nightmare as you would bash him daily.
Yeah, they were a nightmare.
I'll write for the world.
Now that Obama's taken the throne, you don't have a thing to say about it because he's a Democrat just like you.
Oh, gee, I'm so sorry to be a Democrat in the liberal and vote for Obama.
Your viewer Republicans is wrong.
No, it's not.
And your email is, as an email, assuming it's legitimate, which I'm sure it's not, it is proof positive.
You are a left wing spin doctor.
If ever there was one, if you were fair, would you be making fun of Obama for his dumb comments on Lena about the special Olympics,
but yet he goes untouched.
What is this?
What is it?
Is that was much to do about nothing?
Political correctness.
Oh, the special Olympics.
He was making a joke.
Jesus God.
And when Bush was talking about no weapons over here, no weapons over there, that wasn't funny because there's a lot of dead people because it lies.
And here comes the instruction.
If you talk about politics good but be fair to both sides.
I don't mind your reading political stories, but just don't give your opinion on them because when you do, you tend to skew people's views to fit your own.
Just read the stories.
No need to opinionate so much, please.
Stick to the good stuff like making funny comments on things that are considered neutral.
George is good at this when he fills in for you.
He talks about things that we can all relate to and discuss without invoking hostility in the listener.
What?
Once you discuss things from one political point of view, you automatically turn off those who oppose those views.
And since when is this a political show?
Since when is it ever I want it to be?
Just do this, please.
If you're going to discuss politics, make sure to be educated about it because you have an opinion so does everyone.
But when that opinions based on ignorance, it's automatically flawed.
That's right, it's flawed because it doesn't agree with yours.
Your listeners then go out and change their opinion based on your flawed point of view.
Right, I'm converting the world to liberalism.
There you go.
Also, one ad I can't wait till Obama fails miserably just to see how you react.
Here's another right wing lunatic.
Can't wait to see the president fail.
These are the same people that were saying we were on patriotic if we didn't support the war in Iraq.
On American, you hate America, all this other crap.
And yet they hope the president fails.
Now this stupid did ahead.
Why do you brag now about how you were the first to discover Obama?
This and that, you'll have to hide your head in the sand like an ostrich when he screws up.
He's already showing early signs of failure if you haven't noticed it.
PS, stop trying to be the next Russian limbaugh.
Yeah, Russia is both sides.
You bet.
Not.
Talks out of both sides of his hands.
That's just, that's gotta be fake.
If that's for real, let's get a butterfly in it and capture whoever that lunatic is.
Well, I admire the effort.
Republicans good.
Anybody else bad.
I'll talk about whatever the hell I want to talk about.
Well, part of that don't you people understand.
I'll talk about whatever the hell I want.
And if you don't like it, bye bye.
Bye bye.
You can try harder and harder to stomach my show.
That's John's ETR for sure.
Trying a little bit too hard if you ask me.
Neil, God.
Yes.
Bristol, pale.
Hey, Bristol, it's Levi.
I've been thinking a lot about why you dumped me, you know, because you think I'm immature.
But you'd be impressed by how much I've grown up lately.
Got hair and strange new places.
Anyway, please call me back.
Bye bye.
Hey, Bristol.
So you said I was immature, but guess what?
I think you're immature times infinity stamps.
No tape backs.
Hey, it's me.
Sorry, I was mean earlier.
Anyway, I went hunting today and shot a moose right in the knuckle.
Get it?
Moose knuckle.
Okay.
Call me back.
I'm matured.
I miss you.
Bye bye.
Hey, it's me again.
You want to go see which mountain with me?
I heard it was so freaking awesome.
Call me.
Hey, it's Levi again.
Have you heard back from me yet?
I guess you're probably with trip over at your mom's house.
God, she's so hot.
Call me back.
But dress up like your mom when you call me.
You can look like your mom.
I'm talking to you.
He sure is pretty.
I'll tell you that.
1018 at 560 WQM.
That sounded real faggy to us.
Yay.
Too bad.
Joe Nodgeola says, oh, we got a celebrity death.
Okay.
Dan Seedles died.
Like from Seedles and Crofts?
Right.
No.
It says, uh, letting you know that Dan Seedles from England, Dan, and John Ford Holy,
brother of Dash Seedles from Seedles and Crofts died yesterday from a lymphoma, the age of 61.
He was England Dan.
And John Ford Cudi.
Dan Seedles is still more alive than Florida Panthers are, though, says Joe.
What a damn shame gagging the route of the playoffs for the four hundred and thirty-seven
straight year.
I think we should build them in New Orleans.
Maybe that'll help.
Yeah.
And it goes on and on.
Says, I'd rather die than said, put in that septic tank ever again, meaning the Abrauer
to reenit.
Team Macarena.
Oh, it's England Dan and John Ford Cudi.
Who else?
Man.
Oh.
Talk about syrup.
Oh, yeah.
And that's the kind of crappy here on the coast.
It's 82 along the coast.
How's Johnny Dorkton?
Is he still surly and?
Riders.
He puts like another bird, would you?
How come guys went, it's like 90 degrees in the shade where flannel shirts?
I don't know.
It's a look.
Like the day I was at Gulf Stream and I was wearing that long sleeve shirt.
It's the only one I had that was pressed in my place down there.
Okay.
A couple of votes for Boris Karloff for the pool.
Ah, well then, let me put that on there.
And John Houston.
I knew I'd be adding a lot.
That's fine.
And what about Vincent Price?
And since we're putting a horror movie people on there,
Vincent Price and Belalagosi.
We had going through the castle.
Huh?
Doing it now.
Good.
All those horror movie people.
What about Peter Laurie?
You're getting ahead of me.
Go over the list here.
Talk about identifiable voices, my god.
Who, who, Peter Laurie sounded like a, yeah, a nebish.
Belalagosi.
I have 30 points.
Vincent Price.
Who else?
Who am I missing?
Belalagosi.
Peter Laurie.
Boris Karloff.
Boris Karloff, of course.
A must.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, there could be a whole lot of people on there.
Oh, yeah.
In the early going, how would Cousela's winning?
How would Cousela?
He's still dead, by the way, in his hairpiece,
is in the Dave Johnson's apartment.
You realize it's not going to be that far down the road.
We're going to be getting our yearly call from Dave with the Derby, right?
In May, whatever the date's going to be for a Saturday and May.
It's already the end of March.
Time marches on, baby.
That clock just keeps spinning and spinning and spinning.
Can't stop it.
Can't put it on hold.
Can't put it on pause.
Can't put your pause on it.
At five o'clock this morning.
And this is what, this is, this story right here.
This is what's happened to our business.
At five o'clock this morning, the once mighty AM Powerhouse here in Toronto,
1050 Chum, CHUM, Relinquishing itself for a claim title as home to Toronto's greatest hits.
And playing second fiddle as an adjunct to CTV, all news cable net CP24, CityPulse.
Their simulcasting CityPulse 24, which we already have a great 24 hour news station, 680 news.
But this is just another way to cut down costs.
Open up a pot and put crap on here.
They've up to $400 per year.
They're in spot on the CityPulse.
Would you get to hear every morning there right off the deck?
Yes I do.
I get to hear them say a boot.
Yeah.
And hospital instead of the hospital.
How do you know today sunny in 11am off 52?
Woo.
Let's get those temperatures up there.
It's supposed to be spring.
Let's quit screwing around.
Get those temps up.
This is so sad.
CTV announced yesterday that CP24 will extend its brand within the GTA with the launch of CityPulse 24 radio 1050,
effectively launching a double pronged attack on Rogers Communications Successful All News AM740 and CityTV Brands.
740.
Whoever wrote this, I don't get it.
680 news.
Anyway, in making the announcement, linked to a launch of 5am CP24 breakfast news show,
Bob McLaughlin said this exciting new program coupled with CityPulse 24 radio 1050
enables us to deliver an unprecedented level of service to our viewers and musters unlike anywhere else in the city.
In that morning show, that breakfast television, you know what it is?
It's noise.
Oh.
Noise.
They get out there and as much noise as they can make.
They do a good job of that.
They do.
They make a lot of noise.
They've got people screaming in the oven and singing and dancing and jumping around and just make a lot of noise.
Unfortunately, the Jox at 1050, or not likely to share in the euphoria of the All News merger,
the transparency of news and information somehow overlooked the fact that the deal means a further reduction in the headcount in the AEM station.
According to one insider,
gone are David Geetz-Hadoo, Carrie Frinch, Lister Doyle Wood, who was the news secretary,
Nikki and Traffey, and they have a whole bunch of other names.
This past November, CityPulse 24 launched a new on air look complete with a state of the art newsroom,
but a beep but a boop but a bob, all this other crap.
Banks of computers running CityPulse's advanced weather and traffic systems are primarily featured throughout the set.
With average daily audience reach of more than a million viewers, CityPulse 24 remains Toronto's destination for breaking news,
delivering top-rate coverage and issues that are relevant to Torontonians.
And now, there's Simul Casting on 1050 on the AEM dial.
How's that?
Radio is in, I told you, taken through on the toilet and now Radio is in the toilet, it's official.
1050 Chum. That would be like WABC or WBZ.
Not just going all-news, but Simul Casting.
It would be one thing if they're going all-news with a new staff, but they have no new staff.
They're just opening up a pot in Simul Casting CityPulse 24,
which if we had an all-news station on TV in Miami, we could do that.
But we don't.
We don't have one on TV, we don't have one on our thanks to Chief Channel, they really screwed it up big time, man.
What kind of a major market has no all-news radio station? What kind of a bush-league town?
I think you said major market.
Steve White did the morning show by the way this morning, crossed the street,
and creamed the email, he's so boring, he makes Jimmy's syphilitic sound like Howard Beale.
How do you like that?
All right.
The PD did the morning show.
They're just floundering, man. Floundering.
They blow out, said the kid, which of course is a smart move,
because he's never going to crack a two-sharing no matter where he's on in this market.
Never.
But then they have nobody to replace him.
I mean, don't you think that you make plans on this?
What if it was a radio station, then yeah, I would think that.
People probably won't know the name, but definitely recognize the voices, says Brian.
Don Lafontein and Thurall Ravenscroft, both great, but dead.
I have no idea who that either one of those people in Lafontein is that theater voice guy.
Remember from the guy co-commercials in a world where?
Oh, yeah, well good.
Yeah, Cornell, have a nice day, Cornell.
Leave me alone.
Here's one that says a sentence suggesting to George, but I guess he's checking,
not checking email. Richard Nixon should definitely be on the poll.
Thanks.
I don't have that yet.
You get the emails way quicker than me for something.
Why is that?
I don't know.
Wow.
What a revelation that is.
And don't talk about politics and don't talk about religion.
That's right.
And talk about the stuff George talks about.
If I talked about the stuff you talked about, what would be the point of being overriding?
Exactly.
What am I going to talk about roller skating?
It would probably as dissimilar as two people can possibly be.
Right.
That's right.
Good.
God, today's Thursday, by the way, that means it's our Neil Deal at noon.
Every week we bring your great-neils deals restaurant.
And this week at noon we welcome the Hard Rock Cafe.
Oh, no, tell me.
Oh, that was it?
That's it.
You know what, George.
This is CNN, Breaking News.
Senator Larry Craig is denying any wrongdoing despite a guilty plea stemming from an incident in an airport men's room.
Senator Craig, thanks for the interview.
Do I know you? Have I met you before?
No, don't think we've met.
And could you get your hand off my knee?
I'm gay and I'm gross and I get on myth.
Not interested, Senator.
So how do you pick up guys?
I make eye contact.
I smile at people.
They recognize me.
I go around anywhere hitting on men.
Okay.
Here's one thing I do.
I seek and ask.
Oh, thanks for coming by, Senator.
I hope Idaho will allow me to continue serving gay people at the Minneapolis airport.
CNN, Breaking News.
Idaho, Idaho, Idaho.
1031 at 560 WQM.
Don't forget to join George tomorrow at Gulfstream.
Right.
Now how many people come out and actually see you in partitions with you?
A couple three.
What is that?
Five, six, whatever.
What kind of a turnout is that?
Week.
Week.
Never the last.
Pathetic.
I got to blow my nose.
All right.
Oh, it's stuck in the head.
Stop it.
Oh.
It.
Loot.
Okay, I'm through.
Okay.
Finished.
Yeah.
I thought I was finished, but it's not.
But you're snot.
What?
This is cute from Abdul Kaboom.
Subject raghead comments.
Dear Mr. Rogers, we've monitored your anti-Muslim comments.
We're not pleased.
If this insulin continues next time you put on your headphones, you'll be hearing my last
name, Kaboom.
Allah is great.
Signed Abdul Kaboom.
Muslims for dead Americans.
That's cute.
Mm-hmm.
Well, you didn't like it, but you don't like any of it.
I like it, but.
I do like his roller skid.
Yeah, yeah.
I can't wait.
That's awkward.
Well, you're half right.
Oh.
Did you send me something?
Yes, I did.
Oh.
You asked I went online.
I rock, not chose.
I downloaded it.
Are you going to take a look at the contenders?
Print today.
You got food coming today.
Sent it to the.
Yes, and I can't wait.
Hickory smoked chicken wings.
That sounds really good.
Served with celery sticks and blue cheese dressing.
It also sounds good.
I'd like to dip and dunk some of those right now.
And those chicken tenders sound really, really good.
Oh, you just sent in the whole menu?
Yes, sir.
Wow.
Where'd you get that?
Online.
So in other words, not from our sales department.
Got a lot.
I mean, if I had asked, I'm sure that Steve would have gone to the effort, but it's just way faster to do it myself.
Yeah.
New York strip steak, famous fajitas, grilled sirloin, twisted mac, twisted mac chicken and cheese.
Well, no.
A grilled chicken breast topped off twisted cavatepi pasta.
Cavatepi pasta tossed in lightly spiced cheese sauce with garlic, toasted red peppers, and romano parsley bread crumbs.
Served with a side of garlic toast.
That sounds like the one I want right now.
Wow.
Right off my alley, Sally.
Oh.
It's a long reach over there.
And you can also have that as a side, twisted mac and cheese.
Great.
Hand-bredded onion rings.
Mm-hmm.
White cheddar smashed potatoes.
It's a good stuff on the menu with the hard rock.
Cafe.
Well, see, Brandon says, see, we were just talking before the show today about how Brandon's one of our favorite emails because he always sends good stuff, et cetera, but, but nobody's perfect.
He says, how could you forget Harry Currie and my vote, Vito Corleone?
See, Vito Corleone, I hate to break the news to you, Brandon, but it's not a real person.
He's a character in a movie.
We're not putting characters for movies on.
Last time I checked, he was not a real person.
A Vito Corleone.
Vito and Oliini.
They Corleone.
And this is for you.
That was you.
That was you.
No, what he's saying, but, you know, it must be awful.
Oh, he's gutting me.
Are you picking on, what was his name?
Oh, boy.
We'll never know what his name was.
Yeah, we will.
How much stuff are you selling me by the way?
Seven pages.
Seven pages.
Six pages.
Well, the menu there it is.
It's a 10 ounce burger, the SOB burger.
Wow.
Which is totally pepper puree and topped with jack cheese.
Hickory barbecue bacon cheese burger, the big cheese, the red white and blue burger,
caramelized onion mushroom and Swiss burger.
Boy, that sounds right up my alley.
There's a lot of stuff on here up my alley.
Really? Well, it's better to eat it.
Well, eventually it winds up in your alley.
I'm whether you wanted or not.
Can you eat it?
It's in your alley.
Sally.
Oh, I hope that's the end.
Desserts, fresh apple, cobbler, hot fudge, brownie, sundae, sinful hot fudge sundae.
Wow.
Simple, thick shakes and moths, hot-girdized ice cream and HRC, baker's choice.
Special desserts every day.
That's good.
Good menu, good stuff.
That's how it knew in the day, by the way.
Well, this thing about the herald, who sent me this?
Readers ponder future Mimey without newspapers.
I had to write the news to you.
Mimey already has no newspapers.
Have an ad since I've been around.
The Mimey news was the closest that we ever had to a newspaper.
And they only printed like about 10 pages because they hope we're going to let them do that.
Remember the Mimey news?
Vagely, yeah.
I ignored that paper as well.
Rod Sirling, it says here, says Vicki.
Okay.
PS, are you planning to catch your Amazon line town hall meeting?
No.
I think he's going to have to address the legalization of Mary to be Joanna,
based on the number of questions asked on that topic.
Could the end of our repressive society be inside?
Not anytime soon.
Vicki.
Yeah.
I'll hold my breath.
I'll take a hit and hold my breath.
Yeah.
You in Norma.
Go enjoy Norma.
You can be normal.
Yeah.
Hardly.
You're going to put Rod Sirling on there?
I did.
Really?
You're fast.
That's what I'm told.
And here's the dumb one.
It says, how can a sports station forget, like this show has got something to do with sports?
It does not.
Like, like there's a collective factor here.
How can a sports station forget Michael?
Let's get ready to rumble buffer.
Who?
Michael Buffer.
I guess he's the guy that says, let's get ready to rumble.
I don't know.
That guy.
I don't know.
I mean, I know who he is, but I don't his name.
And I don't care.
Let's get ready to rumble.
I'm ready.
Are you ready?
You got it?
I'm ready to rumble.
Oh, you want me to add a buffer?
I'm glad that all right.
Michael Buffer.
You got it?
Got it.
Good.
For off-mic, a little bit, we apologize.
No, we don't.
Nothing to be worse than his first hour yesterday.
It must have been really bad.
And actually, it was good.
All things considered.
We deserve an award.
Rocky says, I think your meal deal for the hard rock already started.
I received an email about it this morning.
It was a past deal.
Like it was a past deal that didn't sell out.
When I clicked on the link, there were only 64 certificates left.
Yeah, right.
Likely story.
Likely story, Rocky.
Sound like a troublemaker to me.
Let me go to it.
Okay.
Do you believe that?
I don't know what to believe.
I don't know what he's talking about.
Do you receive an email from whom?
I...
Looks normal to me, but I don't know.
What do I know?
Looks just fine to me.
Okay.
Looks just like they always look.
Whatever.
An hour, 20 minutes, and 54 seconds before they go on sale at noon.
Right.
Okay.
So Rocky, get a life.
Okay.
Just just an Oshan Prabhakator.
Just trying to stir the pot, stir the pot.
George is trying to smoke it.
This guy is trying to stir it.
Hock.
Your good friend, Hock?
Yeah.
Total number of sales on horsemuffins.com since we redesigned the site and put up new merchandise to zero.
Recession.
Horsemuffins.com.
Wah!
Woah!
Look at it.
Steve from Vegas said this symbol has not been listening to you very long.
Over the years you've been very, very fair about politicians.
You used to land-based Democrats as well as Republicans.
You used to walk in the lot and then put him in the cave for being the hicks that they were.
All the local politicians and browning Democrats.
He never held back on them when it was a blah, blah, blah, blah.
President Bush was a disaster, Miss Filled.
If Obama f's up, you'll rip his ass.
I hope for the best, but I fear the worst.
The five-year tea belogsiness they had a few takers.
We cannot keep printing money.
I think I want Bill Clinton back.
So Steve from Vegas.
He wants a bubble back.
Yeah.
Who doesn't?
You want a bubble back?
I'll take him.
What do you mean who doesn't?
Oh, I'm a statement of that.
You know, I know who doesn't.
People like the guy that wrote that email.
Yeah, people like the Nazi who wrote that crevice.
Now they're calling Obama fashions.
That's like Richard Simmons calling Elton John a fag, you know?
Good.
That'd be like Charles Nelson Riley calling Jimmy Cifolitica screamer.
Faming queen or something like that.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
On South Florida's point of view, it's later.
Five sixty Q-A-F-O-Good.
Baby launch a couple missiles.
Toward a place we know.
And aim a mad a fella.
Whose first name begins with a.
There's one thing we all under.
Snape.
Alcata won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
We could chase him round forever.
With our tanks and all our troops.
That special forces are so tired.
Of jumping through them moves.
You'd only need another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense.
And go blow up Pakistan.
Absolutely.
Alcata needs a nuclear tank.
Why don't we stop pussy foot and go blow up Pakistan.
Boom boom boom boom boom boom boom.
Boom boom Jeffery on number five.
Montreal Frogs.
I think he's dead, isn't he?
Yes.
Good.
1046-14 before 11 at 560 WQM.
Happy Thursday to you.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
And to everybody else too.
It will be happy Thursday.
But I'll tell you this week is just flying by.
Sure has.
And it's a miracle considering that one hour that we had to deal with yesterday between your technical wizardry on that end.
And my.
Your job.
On this end.
Right.
And did anybody say, oh great job guys.
Oh yeah.
Right.
Screw you.
Okay.
Screw you Joe Bell and clearance at audio.
Whether losers you fakers you phony radio losers you ratings destroyers you show butchers.
We get that I'm show on here without any assistance from those fat ass losers.
Although jolly Joe Bell did come in and say what's going on?
Didn't he say that?
He didn't when I said I don't know you know he started making some calls to get answers for me.
Oh thank you Joe.
Yeah thanks Joe for finally taking interest in the show besides butchering it.
And how's clearance doing with Joyce on that the conferring he's doing with her about.
Listening up the loosen loosen up Joyce's.
It's a victim.
It couldn't be any time that it is.
Vote for the poll Ernie Anderson says is somebody says one of my very good regular contributors but I have no idea who that is.
Do you know Ernie Anderson?
No.
With a recognizable voice it's not even a recognizable name.
Oh and thank you to a Paul who tells me who that guy was Don Ticcio.
Don Francesco Ticcio.
Thank you that's right was the guy come.
He's got me with the butcher knife.
Vito and Olinian this is for you.
No.
That was a 52 points.
7,800, 70.
Oh it's a little bit over 77 something.
The most identifiable voice ever was.
Well this thing's taken off like slice tollifah 109 votes.
James Earl Jones.
I'll let co-sell 28.
What was that?
Oh the most impressive.
Shut him up.
Paul Harvey 11 Walter Cronkite 7 John Wayne 7 the douche a duke.
Geldie Yeltsdine 6.
You got to admit there ain't nobody like Geldie.
Thank God.
Vincent Price 4.
My Tithon 4.
Rod Surling 2.
Eartha Kitt or 2.
Fran Drescher the Neany 2.
Michael Buffer 1.
Don La Fontaine 1.
What about Pat La Fontaine?
Boris Karloff 1.
Peter Laurie 1.
George Burns 1.
None yet for Harry Carey Bellagosy Tom Broca.
Barry White.
Barbara Wawa out of 109 votes.
How could Bellagosy have no votes?
Tragedy.
We out of hoeing to the castle.
That was his whole thing between that look and the you know those eyes.
I never did eat.
Lai.
Oh boy.
Van Helsing.
Come here.
And then Helsing was like like tottering.
He was doing the old theater totter.
He was tottering one step forward two steps back.
And that was what's his name?
Renfield.
Ernie Anderson was the voice of ABC.
I don't know who that is.
Me either.
Still but thank you Boca.
Thanks chicken act.
Oh no, that was Eric.
Sorry.
They all look the same in the little chat box here.
Oh wow.
Thanks Eric.
Thanks somebody.
Scott and panelists, Parks is Thurall Ravenscroft was the voice of Tony the Tiger.
Yes he was.
See but I don't to me that doesn't qualify for the poll.
Because Tony the Tiger is another fictional character just like Don Corleone.
So the voice of fictional characters doesn't need to follow me to put that guy on their what's his name?
No.
Who?
Thurall Ravenscroft.
No.
Okay.
That's what I'm saying.
Nobody knows who that is.
What about?
I know we have to start explaining the question.
It's very let me read it again.
Please.
Let me put my glasses on.
See if those marshmallows will supply.
I can't believe you don't know what banana marshmallows are.
If you saw him you'd know.
Okay.
They're made out of marshmallow and they're orange and they're like.
Banana shaped.
Huh?
Banana shaped.
No not really banana shaped.
Banana flavored.
Banana flavored.
Okay.
And loaded with sugar.
I mean just load that.
That was of 37 point NASDAQ's of 24 point.
Rick Riley is going to be out with the stock market report soon.
Now what am I looking for?
Thurall Ravenscroft.
No I'm not going to look him up.
I'm going to read the question again.
I'm going to read the question.
The most identifiable voice ever is or was.
And it's certainly can't be the voice of somebody whose name we don't know.
Jesus.
Like God.
Edward Everett Horton.
Very distinct voice.
But who knows that?
Who knows that?
That's from him.
I know him.
Right.
Who is on bullwinkle.
You mean chicken neck.
Memories of three.
The only three I remember.
Edward Everett Horton.
Fractured fairy tales.
That's right.
I think he was on with Barney Fag on fractured fairies.
Kenny Gramers is a Borscar.
We already did that one.
Borscar often John Houston.
Thank you Kenny.
And Kathy O'Brien said.
Could you please add Borscar.
Which we did.
Even little kids would know his voice from the Grinch who stole Christmas.
Was he the Grinch?
I guess.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I do not know.
You know, Snooki was the only one who was in the first place.
We already sent us this.
We already did this one before.
And he sent me the same story about the old lady picking up her dog poop in adventura.
Do you call it or am I just making that up?
Nope.
Now he tried to scrape it off his sneakers, but couldn't do it.
I already did this.
You're just a cranks, Snooki, vi.
Crank.
Chronic.
Take some chronic tonic.
Okay.
Jesus Christ.
Let's smoke some potty.
I'll start with that weed stuff again.
You're on your promoting marriage, you're winning all these kids are listening.
Yeah, they are.
I don't think anybody's listening.
We'll find out when we do the neildial at noon.
And there's no problem with that thing, by the way.
So you can make up by and Snooki, vi, is another one making up crap about that.
If you want to start messing with our sponsors, then you really cross our line.
Okay.
That's where we draw the line.
And these difficult economic times.
And even in good times, even in times of prosperity, if we ever have those.
Again, you start messing with our fine sponsors.
That's where we draw the line and tell you to bug off.
Oh, here's a PR Ralph sends me a joke.
I just deleted this long, long and ponderous.
How about Vincent Price or Jack Benny?
Well, Vincent Price is on there.
And Jack Benny, you want to put him on there?
Nobody remembers Jack Benny.
Only old parts like me.
Oh, Jimmy Sifilittic says you're over the line.
Now I heard you rip me again this morning.
I heard you want an attack on my old friend, the late great and bishop.
You said Sandy Peyton was driving around town with Andy's body in the back of a pickup truck.
That's criminal.
It is criminal to be doing that with a dead body in the back of a truck.
I would agree.
You always go so low just to get a cheap laugh.
Shame on you Rogers.
I'm monitoring you.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
He's monitoring me.
Oh, I'm a scared now.
I'm a scared.
Lauren Green somebody says for the poll.
Okay.
Lauren Green.
Bernie Anderson was also the voiceover guy for the love boat, the love boat.
I don't know.
I'm sure if I heard his voice, I would know.
But again, nobody knows.
Ernie Anderson.
Right.
Right.
See, that gets into a gay, a gray area.
I'm just going to put them on there just to pacify them.
They made the effort.
There you go.
Doesn't cost nothing to put it on there.
Well, in other words, any name that they sent us if they sent us an ish to be available.
There we go.
Ish Kibibble.
How about the Jaime ish, Mendrick.
Rick says for your poll, Cox on the radio.
Don Cox, you want to put him on there?
Sure.
He's still dead, but you can put him on there.
Ernie Anderson says Jeff was the great ABC announcer tonight on the love boat.
It was also Gulardi, poor movie host in the early 60s in Cleveland, one of the first TV hosts.
He was also a partner with Tim Conway before he had a big win the Kels Navy.
What does that mean?
He was a partner with Tim Conway.
What does that mean?
Hmm.
Oh, my anal chapstick says.
How could you forget the dulcet tones of Gilbert Godfrey?
I'm trying to forget it.
Says his voice makes my ass pucker in my chapstick.
Well, I'm not going to read that.
That's gross.
You're going to put him on there?
You're putting everybody on there.
Yep.
Circus peanuts are orange marshmallows.
Says somebody.
Tom, thank you Tom.
Now you know what they are.
Circus peanuts, but that's not what you're talking about, is it?
Well, I think they are.
Circus peanuts are those orange things they look vaguely.
Oh my God.
The fake Larry King was on the, there's Mr. Radio.
There's no question about it.
No question.
Here's me, the three names.
Scott Chavin, Mitch Lewis and Mitch Phillips.
Nobody knows who those people are.
I mean, our audience does, but you know, it's an inside radio.
Take your inside radio stuff and cram it inside your fat.
Okay?
That's my suggestion for you.
Oh, Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
Unstuff radio trivia.
Nonstop radio trivia.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, somebody mentioned Mitch Lewis.
I couldn't resist.
We had to play something, right?
Right.
1102 at 560 WQAM.
Can two million sandbags save Fargo?
Fargo North Dakota's underwater.
Have you seen that?
Yeah.
I saw it on the news.
It was like, it was rising.
Ain't going to be losing much.
You've been there?
Oh, yeah.
Somebody for the pool suggests, and this is really pathetic.
Although, I just forwarded you a great, you're a little chuckle out of it.
Can't wait.
Let me do the other way.
It's a Myspace for the fake boob chambie.
You got it?
No.
No.
No, you haven't even got it yet.
You're already chuckling?
Somebody says boob chambie for most recognizable voice.
I mean, come on.
Come on, people.
Jesus, God.
Anyway, Ernie Anderson, according to one of my correspondence here,
his son, director of Paul Thomas Anderson, dedicated his 97 film,
bookie nights, to his memory.
How do you like it?
Similarly, a 1997 episode of the Drew Kirichiro was also dedicated to his memory.
Sorry, I never heard the name, Ernie Anderson.
I mean, I know the voice.
Never heard the name.
Just like the guy who either croaked or he got canned, I think he croaked.
The guy used to do, this is the NBC evening news with Brian William.
You know that guy?
Yeah.
Horrible voice.
I mean, he must have naked pictures of something.
It sounded like he was 200 years old if he was a day.
I don't know his name either.
And I don't care.
More than a decade after Ernie Anderson's death,
radio stations can still license Anderson's voice for promotions.
By paying a licensing fee, stations including New York City's W-H-T-Z use Anderson's voice
for positioning statements such as, if it's too loud, you're too old,
and lock it in and rip the knob off.
Now, how do they do that?
Audio tape?
What do you mean?
Like they have that in the can?
They have it in the can?
I imagine.
Well, he probably spent a lot of time in the can or on the can.
I don't know.
He's dead.
Yeah.
More than a decade.
He's been dead for a long time.
That was a 58 points.
Brandon is back again.
Brandon, let me say this to you.
With all due respect, I know your intentions are the best.
And anybody else too, people keep sending me these lists.
Do you know how that goes?
Yep.
Half of those names.
Most of which are already on there.
The most identifiable voice ever, is there was.
Not give me a list of names of people with voices we know.
You see?
Right.
Don't give me a list of names.
One, the most identifiable, not a whole bunch of identifiable voices.
Right?
The question isn't how many distinct voices can you name?
That's right.
But they always do that.
And Brandon, who just slides to loan Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Good boy.
Is that my name?
I just saw the fake profile.
Oh, did you get a chuckle out of that?
Isn't that great?
That is the fake boot.
That's a beautiful thing.
That is beauty.
Told you.
I just couldn't resist.
I knew we'd finally get a chuckle out of you dumbass.
And you want to put sliced loan and Arnold on here or not?
Yes, I do.
I'm just going to read off the list here.
It'll kill some great time.
And then you decide what you want to put on there.
All right.
I'm going to put everything on there.
Until a food shows up, then my hands will be busy.
Ernie Anderson was not only the voiceover guy for ABC.
He was the announcer for America's funniest home video.
And Booth the announcer for WPLG in the 1980s.
Well, how do you like that?
The love boat.
He's dead.
And we got a couple suggesting Don Pardo for the poll.
Don Pardo.
Okay.
I don't know.
More than one, I think, right?
No, I'm sure of that.
Oh, that's your just an oizahel.
I know you love it.
And you'll be pleased to know I don't want to watch Wheel of Torture anymore.
Because I play it so much at the woodbine.
I don't need to watch it.
Because some of those people are not going to watch it.
They're not going to watch it.
They're not going to watch it.
They're not going to watch it.
They're not going to watch it.
They're not going to watch it.
They're not going to watch it.
They're not going to watch it.
They're not going to watch it.
They're not going to watch it.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Listen, there's going to be so many on there.
Sean says, Georgia's straight.
This is your French poll, Sean.
Yeah.
Which I thought Paul Sean was a done.
I thought he decided he wasn't a didn't have material for the show.
Maybe he came up with something.
Well, he says, I listen to Monday's show and I must weigh in the set the record straight so to speak.
Some of your unlettered listeners floated the ugly rumor that George might be gay.
I can say without fear of contradiction that Georgia's stark butch.
Your horny little Julio makes Charles Bronson look like a traipsing, mincing fairy with lipstick and rouge and fresh breath.
My girlfriend and I met up with Georgian friends at a local establishment.
We're in the pair of us, imbibed one.
Is it cut off?
Yeah, we're the patrons imbibed of spirits and wag their tongues at naked tralops.
Yep.
Her ass hadn't kissed a cheer yet when he was on her like cheap perfume.
Yep.
If I wasn't the one with the car keys and the master card, I had no real reason to be there.
Thank God I had the naked tralops to keep me amused whilst the two of them slaked their lust, ad nauseam.
She had so many handprints on her ad as spritzer with Johnson and Johnson's anti-spec tick.
How we got home?
Regarding Paul Shawnee's even got a pull on here too.
What's the worst kind of radio show?
Okay, thanks, Sean.
So there's Sean coming going to bed.
Thanks, Sean.
Yeah.
I never thought being a letch would actually ever benefit me.
Well, there you go.
All over her like cheap perfume.
Sure.
What a great line.
I guess she was so romantic.
Of course romance has gotten them to do with it.
She's hot for what it's worth, his girlfriend.
Who?
Sean.
Paul Shawnee's wife is very hot.
Well, that's what was that you were all over.
Yeah.
I see.
What was that special?
That's typical.
Dan says, I will win bag his everywhere.
He's on with Big Dog, Mad Dog, D.A., the TV, the newspaper.
Before you know it, he'll be on the near Roger show.
Ha-ha.
Yeah, Ha-ha is right.
Ha-ha.
No chance.
It's like someone says the word go and he spits out as many words as he can.
Who would win in a duel between Chris Matthews and Arrow Windbag?
And don't forget Pierre McGuire, the anxious one.
PS Georgian Lucy, make great music together on the radio.
If I were Jolly Joe, that would be my morning drive,
6 to 10 a.m. leading in the near Roger show.
Read this whenever you want, won't be getting up till 2 p.m.
Oh, I didn't know that Paco was sending emails.
Hola.
Nobody sleeps till 2 p.m.
Unless it's like on the weekend, you know, hungover, like Paco.
I'm sleeping.
I'm sleeping.
Oh, this is good.
This is cute.
Very sad.
Dearest Neil, we are not the turd below India.
Yes, you are.
We are not haters of the world.
Presently we have a war going on with a minority group that
tammels who want to destroy the country.
We protest out of anger.
Would you like to join us?
Absolutely not.
Take all your problems and all your angst and the voice it on somebody else.
I promise we don't smell like courier off of your smelly foods.
Where shall we meet you so you can join our cause?
Have a special large t-shirt with our flag on it.
I will look forward for your help in Toronto.
Forget Brittany, please leave us alone.
May my blessings to you from the Almighty.
Sinjaya.
Help Sri Lanka now.
Cute.
Yeah, not cute.
Not.
Not if you would have been here a couple of Mondays ago when they were
like blocking off all the streets and screwing up.
Oh boy.
You would not have been saying anything cute about these Sri
Lankans.
How to win friends and influence people.
Yeah.
Pist everybody off.
That's right.
Just like during the Ilian days.
That's your work really well done.
Yeah, no.
How that work out.
They wouldn't listen to me.
And that Ricky Tiki santa has getting everybody worked up.
Oh, what are we going to do in there on the way to Sister Jeans house?
Let me call him and tell him to turn around and go back.
He's a killer of that Ricky Tiki.
Never heard any follow up from Ricky Tiki's show either.
By the way, after he was giving me that show advice and I told him to jam it.
Neil, I would dominate Jim McKay is the most identical, fireable voice.
I can still hear his introduction to the wide world of sports from when I watch the show as a kid.
He's marking Miami.
You want to put Jim McKay on there?
He's still dead.
But MCK.
Why?
Yeah, however you want.
Here's one just Bob.
Great pool name.
Any person that ever live that had a voice.
My addition for the pool is Marcel Marceau.
Have a great one.
Just Bob.
Yeah.
Now that's what they think the pool is.
Races.
I left off my pool.
Casey Kassam.
This is Ray who did the pool in the first place.
Casey Kassam.
There's nobody with a voice like that.
Not even Geldie.
What do you think?
It's on there.
It is?
It is now.
Oh, I put everybody on there until the food shows up.
And then that's, you know, I'm cranking off.
I'm cranking off.
I'm cranking off.
I'm cranking off.
How about the chronic collar?
Gilbert.
I don't think so.
This is like universal.
Not just, not just, oh, Jackie Lee.
Yeah, there you go.
Jackie Lee.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
For both our harness racing fans.
Jackie Lee, my answer.
Well, here we go again.
On some floor, it is 20 minutes later.
560 Q-A-A-
The oil.
Yeah.
All the executives in their family should be executed with piano wire.
Around there next.
My greatest hope.
I was having a pretty rich white guy.
That had behind the killer student time.
When they get off, great day was.
And I didn't think this would be your...
I think it's the baseball bat.
And break their legs and knees.
And start with A-I-G.
Let's tidy an old wire round the sea.
E-O's, slice them with a knife from their belly.
To their nose, let's tidy an old wire round the sea.
E-O's, and put off the nuts for stealing from us.
Make the batcarts wings.
Let's tidy an old wire round the sea.
E-O's, I'm looking for all the CEO's names, kids, where they live, etc.
One center all, let's heal eyes.
These kind of schmucks whose mouths are filled with lies.
Let's pull out their nails and wrap their entrails around the Christmas tree.
It's tidy, you're realistic.
E-O's with the animal.
Why?
The government can't do this properly,
where the people will take it in our own hands and see that justice is done.
Strip them naked and devour their flesh.
Strip them naked and devour their flesh.
Strip them naked and devour their flesh.
Strip them naked and devour their flesh.
Strip them naked and devour their flesh.
1118 at 560 WDQM.
Here's a brilliant one from Paul who says,
Help your show.
Neil, this is not a critique, but stop with the dead people and start with the here and now.
Your show is slipping away and I'm trying to help you from losing your ratings and your show altogether.
God bless America and President George W. Bush, sign Paul in paradise.
Oh, the guy from the Phillies, and somebody says he must have pictures of somebody.
Harry Callis, he replaced John Fesenda after Fesenda croaked on NFL films.
Okay.
And tries to duplicate that dramatic deep voice.
Nobody can duplicate John Fesenda.
Harry Callis, Fastic.
And it's a long fly-ball.
It sound like he's got that sunny, harsh quarrel.
Remember, son, you used to have that before you had the operation, you had that quarrel.
Huh, yeah, yeah, son, remember that?
Yeah.
I never did find out what that was all about, but he had an operation and it went away.
When I was at KAT, I told you that story about 4,000 times.
I thought there was something wrong with my radio.
I did my show three to six.
I went home.
I had my dinner, my little apartment.
The Jewish Spaniards upstairs were making a racket as usual, a lot of noise.
And I'm listening to the radio.
I turned on KAT and it was sunny with the sports and, well, this afternoon the dolphins, I thought, what's wrong with the radio?
And coming to find out it wasn't the radio.
Your son had a quarrel.
And Harry Callis is the same quarrel.
Only Harry Callis is spastic.
Alice Rantel says, what about Bill Tanner?
No.
The TV character Bill Buchanan, James Morrison from 24, sound just like him.
Well, good.
I'm happy for you, Alice, but the answer is no.
Nobody knows from Bill Tanner's voice.
Do you?
What?
No.
No.
I mean, come out here.
Not that we need any additions.
We've already got 7,000 names on there.
But if you're going to sense something in from, I mean, God, I'm just tongue tied.
It's so implausible.
So ridiculous.
That would be like saying, am I Disney?
You know, I mean, well, what's the point?
Just all this inside radio direct.
It just never stops.
Dick Cheney says, put me on your pool as the voice of evil heard around the world.
Yeah.
Signed Dick in fat chance.
Oh, here we go again.
How about Bugs Bunny, Realme or Fud?
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
Justin Roberts' idea to you was just quite as honestly as you like more. Now, do the
look at there a character is that Bearer exercises for bold tips, I mean, I mean, I mean, the boss find out his
what was inside. He was giving out fri Caleb's. And he's taking his
Bards died right after the film. You know that movie too a lot of people died
After Magno maybe the frogs got him you think
This idiot spark plug for 20 says good morning Neil and George those delightful orange colored peanut shaped candy
You are thinking over called circus peanuts. Yeah, these were like those but much smaller
I'll be eating them at ultra festival this weekend. He says PS Bellalagosi is dead. No kidding
And so is a lot of other people on the other thing like
Forrest Carl off and Walter and no water still live. They're gonna have circus peanuts at ultra
Yeah, I'm doubly excited. Really are you going both nights? Yes, wow gonna see the team teams and Cento gold and shiny toy guns and like I'd peas and prodigy
Just an ever fear oh Tim says are you now this this is
I don't know. So there are sometimes I just want to give up when I read some of these things
Are you making a distinction between a voice or affectation?
Do you understand that they were you out don't they affectation they do the poll question is very simple real simple
Apparently not no, no, it's not the most identifiable voice ever is or was non-affectation
voice
voice
And he says Humphrey Bogart and Phyllis Diller as always thanks for great choices Tim and Miami Tim is good
He sends him a good stuff every now and then but today he's just he's a a little over the top just a stupid poll
Okay, Tim just relax relax take it easy
God
Yeah, somebody says a hairy calisthenes he have the picks on that's right. He is horrible not as bad as George Kellow
That guy yesterday that shoot me out for rip and George Kell now that he died George Kell was awful
Just awful
Just because you grew up in a certain area listening to somebody on the radio for a hundred years doesn't mean that they were good
It just means that just like Jack Brickhouse in Chicago with the Cubs. Oh my God was he horrible
Hey, hey, hey, hey, he was just
Embracingly bad and yet he was legendary. He was there for about a hundred years
And I'm trying to think that he followed Jack Jack Quinlan was great
But nobody knows who he is because he got killed he got run over by a car in
Arizona the Cubs a spring training place
And then after all of that clear then Harry came in
And even George knows Harry and were you there when Harry came in in the in the place?
No, I never met Harry, but when we went to that game the one time I went with y'all Chicago. We sat right under him
He drooled right on my head
Did he really?
was great to be down
Holy cow, they don't come any better the Neil Roberts
I was there with the fake Harry carry came in. Oh, well that's who we just heard right the real Harry hated him like poison
Yeah, which was sad, but yeah, it was a humor. Harry. He was really good. He didn't have one the fake Harry carry
Did a really good job and he did
In fact, maybe I'll play all the droppings and then just play out
All the way got the a Neil deal coming up at noon 34 minutes from now, but who's counting?
Oh, Neil you're the thing to Neil Rogers. Well, here we go again
I'm so sorry to say later
560 Q a f
Hey enough with the panthers already when the hell was the baseball season begin anyway, huh?
I have to say that I've been thinking much of Bernadette off the first time I meet eyes on him
I shook his hand and quickly realized my watching wallet were missing so me and the sisters
Punished him and by punished I mean violated him in the shower
Shortly after that, I remember when Brennan tried to run a ponds his game with all cons of cigarettes
Well, we lost everything so we shanked burning in the shower
Then violated him once again in the shower
Near the end of our brief time together that shashank I gave Bernie a post of Rukkel Welch
He promised to pay me for it, but he escaped without reimbursing him
So I escaped 10 years later
Tracked him down at his cabana and say what to nail
met him for tea
Gained his trust
Convince him to take a shower with me and then when he leaves expected it
Shainted and violated him over and over and over in his shower
I'm his burning you know whenever I think of repeatedly violating Bernie made off
It always makes me some harm
rectum
Alright, love a 32 if I have 60 W. Kim. Here's another example of a people not understanding of the seat
It's just scary. Neil how about Morgan Freeman is one of the better voices out there
Does the poll say who's got the best voice?
No
So what does that mean is one of the better voices out there? What where can you translate that for me? No?
It's just amazing to me how some of you people can take something so simple the poll question is only like about a half a dozen words maybe eight words
Six and a half is there was counting is a half words and making it all well as you mean a
Affectation or
fluctuation or
Palpatation
It's amazing poll building is boring anyway, but is your food area or what no no boy?
Who's account is that Steve? Yeah, well you think he'd be on top of this baby. It'll be here. How do you know he's never let us down?
well
Roberts is how about Vince gully a
No hitter a perfect game. Wow. It's 12 30 in the city of the angels and Sandy cofax his pitch that oh hitter a perfect
Oh my god
Vince gully recognizable low put him on there is out there. I mean we could put all the sports cashews on there. We could put male Allen on there
How about that? Oh, oh somebody else said that
How about that Jason Jackson how about that? Yeah
For a little Tommy jicke knocking male Allen in his column there's a few weeks ago. That just frosted my ass
That just really pissed me off
Maybe he knew that Mel's name was Melvin Israel and then he was Jewish and yeah, yeah
Tommy had a little problem with that although I think Tom is you know he's coming around I
Don't hear from the real Tom anymore. We're very seldom
But the fake Tom's a K. K. Mr. Radios on there just incessantly never stops
Bill says I'm no fag, but those chips chicks on these stripped down link on the website are some ugly bitches if they're gonna
Post get some better looking girls is bill that's that's not our that's the QM thing. Yeah, that's not our bag, baby
Don't blame that on us Mel blank says John in LA when you know something that would be true except for one thing
Nobody ever heard or at least most people never heard Mel blanks real voice
Right right right right?
Right, I miss porcupig bugs money. What's that? You know like that? I would I don't know
Yeah, you want to put it on there and I already did you did yeah, you did I did why just now listen you say a name
I'm putting it on there. Oh, no
How do you spell that?
Be early and see he was Jewish too by no. Oh, no, I already put him on there
Well, you spelled it wrong. No, I spelled it right
What is real name was let me let me look
Melvin Jerome what was it Melvin Jerome Melvin? Oh my god, you know, you know, I mean
Mel blank that was the actual Melvin Jerome Mel blank. Mm-hmm. Oh Jerome was his middle name Melvin Jerome blank right a Melvin
He died in 1989 what a shame 20 years ago
You're not even warm anymore look at that picture you looking on Google look at that picture
Wiki boy does he look old wow
You're working well. There's the picture him there whether you yeah, great. You're done. Mm-hmm. That's him looks ancient
Well, he probably was when they took the pictures probably ancient. I like to live to be ancient. I'm old oh
And here we go. Here's a list of three more names, which I'm just deleting right off the bat
Don't send me lists. Okay, you can't have the greatest suggestion on their history
And it's just gonna get deleted. I'm not I'm not patching him right with your list. I just can't do it
I'm having a wonderful day the show is flying by we got all kinds of crap going on here with the emails and the poll building and stuff
George's lunches coming 24 minutes. We got the needle deal coming up on there
And
Rocky keeps insisting me that he well. I got something this more while we'll see we'll see how it works
It damn well better work out writer somebody's gonna get their ass-fraud boiled and oil and
Anthony and Tamarack who just you know
Can't leave well enough alone. He says I heard you mentioned a list of the hundred movies you have to see before you die from Yahoo and
Something a few good ones on there something I don't like missing maybe no I can't read it because it chopped off
But I thought I'd see if you were George ever saw any of these movies which I thought should have been on the list and
He's got a list of five and four of them were on list
The good of bad and he ugly was on there the greatest escape was on there
Oh no three of them Galapaglia is I don't know
Clerks and cool hand Luke cool hand Luke pukes. It was on there too
So three of the five he says should have been on the list they were on the list
And I could look at Gallipoli what that was that
It was weak it was okay. It was just a little weak. I think it's a Mel Gibson movie if I'm not oh my god
Well, let me ask you one question
Yeah, where is the list
See that was back in the day too that was hundred years ago back when we had callers who said
But we don't have that anymore all we guys you're gay you're gay that's it and we knew that
Also, I heard another listener mentioned Jackie Gleason doing a version of Deep Purple here some info on Jackie's musical career
Although police and couldn't read music he was an accomplished songwriter arranger and conductor
How can you write songs if you can't read music
Yeah, you just hum it out and somebody else writes it I guess you're humming out like you were just doing in
1952 it couldn't deal with capital records which you agreed to cover and cover any losses if his first album so less than
60,000 copies is seemingly unreachable goal in those days
Capital never had to take Lisa up on his promise since more than a half a million copies of music for lovers only were sold
Lisa went on to release more than 20 albums between 1953 and 1969
He wrote the theme song for the Honeymooners and the Jackie Gleason show and even scored the musical
Gige it
Keijo
Whatever great week. I'm Gige it GIGOT
Keijo sure
Gige it Gige it Gige it Gige it Gige it
Don't take away and get spigot
My says I'm a long time listener first time emailer been listening since the Zedadays my Larry my brother Larry's got a birthday on Friday
Oh, let's play him the day of birthday. Did he?
That and I know I'll find it
Happy birthday Larry
Can you please me some happy birthday? Just did no charge we both both know how much you hate know today
I'm correct. I don't think Al Goldstein likes them either
Anyway, do you know the name of the facility which they play basketball the Joyce Center wow
It makes our toasting when you talk about your radio days missing and especially Sturgis we are from Duwajia
And I've heard the name Duwajia, but I had never been there and I really not sure I think it's in the upper peninsula or something
I'm not sure I don't know
It's not anywhere near Sturgis. I don't believe Sturgis is near Hillsdale
I worked at a station in Hillsdale for like a week
And then I went back to Albion
WALM
They used to take longer to load up the spots than the records I would play in between you know, I mean
Yeah, and back in those days we didn't have carts. We had all these oh, I can't even describe it thisks and stuff
And I couldn't handle it was just a Hillsdale Michigan about ten people live there
Keep up the good work. No great work
We are really blessed down here with you on the ear. I know get the Hoover out the moonman says Mike Smith get the Hoover
I never play that no, well, why not
Out of sight out of it
Is that the German one or they know?
No, it's the Jamaican word on the Jamaican one-man. Oh
Wow Jamaican be crazy with that crap
Oh
I know that the Lord even loves neo-roder
Here's Ricardo Motobom and the Chrysler New Yorker
This luxurious automobile has always delivered the performance you'd expect from and the Yorker
And now Chrysler introduces an onboard microprocessor which even speaks to you just like a new Yorker
Oh, yes, this is truly a new Yorker
All right genius you let the goddamn headlights on cheese. Yo, what's dumb man?
All you know that and for the most dangerous city in the world a security system second to none
Hey bagel brains you want to lock the fucking doors?
Maybe we should put a fucking sign in the window says rip me off. Yes, the Chrysler, New Yorker if you can find a better luxury car buy it
Applied is deep
14-go-noon to QM I bet you got him on there already now somebody suggested
Ricardo Montelbun. Yes, you don't have to do it right now. Well get him on there right away. You're right food yet
It's here as we speak all right
All right, let's hear it
And we got these certificates on sale in 13 minutes or less
or less
When the big hand hits the little hand
Uh-oh much to do before Marlon Stadium groundbreaking rights to Harold today
I don't want to read all this we're going to long and ponderous
But don't count your stadiums before they start digging
Fresh from arguably the biggest victory in team history approval for a state to call its own the Florida marlins
Must still clear a string of obstacles before ground can be broken this summer the biggest obstacle borrowing more than 300 million bucks
That'll go toward construction of the 37,000 state to see stadium in little Havana
To do it the county myself bonds backed by the promise of payment from tourist taxes in a market royal by the worst credit crisis in decades
Adding to the urgency the bond sale needs to be well underway before the plan groundbreaking this summer
If the county determines it can't sell at the right price the stadium deal can still be killed by July 1st
But after that there is no turning back
What what you got there for food
Oh, he's on the other side of the county's he's busy with the food. That's right. Okay
What do you got? I don't know yet. Oh, okay. I haven't even seen it
They're unloading it as we speak wow
Securing stadium funding is one of several important steps the marlins government officials must take me for the news to
And begins to rise on the former orange bull grounds
But during the lengthy county commission debate on Monday the focus was on money
Commission is repeatedly quizzed county mayor Carlos Alvarez the manager George Burgess about whether they'll be able to win acceptable financing terms in a bond market
It's already proven troublesome for government funding, but if you put a boot put about so there you go
Now's up 76 point
Zine for the 19th century and we're in the 21st we're not going to get the educational outcomes we need on the other hand
If we talk a lot about reform, but we're not willing to put more resources in
That's not gonna work. I better not talk about the president because we don't want to be talking politics on the show
Based on that one-of-phone email from john ZTR. We got burgers. We got ribs
Yeah, are you are you eating on the air again?
Citrus salad because of how you say that
Chmitris don't say it five times fast. Yeah
And a whole bunch of other things are still unpacked great excellent
Sounds really good. It is we got a flat foot in time to pull this is heavy duty
seldom in the history of our pull taking on this show do we reach a point where we get this many votes and there's a tie
We got total of 256 vote and Howard Coast sell and James Earl Jones 62 East each
The most identifiable voice ever is or was
Is James Earl Jones still livers? He did still alive wait. I don't know
Oh, you could google it, but then do it now food all over your computer
Paul Harvey 22 John Wayne the Duke 15 for the douche
Walter Cronkite 12 guilty geltsteens got nine everybody knows that sound guilty
Yeah, Mike Tyson seven Vincent Price six Peter Laurie six Fran Drescher the name he six
Still alive
You put Marcel Marseille on there and he got four votes. He was a mine. He didn't speak. I know that makes it extra funny
Get that off of there Eric take that off please
Why did you do that?
Bastard in a basket you are a bastard. I hope they put something really special in that food for you. It's all special
And what kind of a booger of you got like a cheeseburger
Hmm, but I'm having my shale bacon maybe
I don't
Gilbert Gottfried for Harry Carey for Don Lafontein for Arnold Schwarzenegger three Michael Buffer three
federal legacy three very white three earth a kit three Casey kiss him two
John facended to Ernie Anderson two all that big fuss about Ernie Anderson. He's got two votes
Oh, you better get with it. No, you don't know squat. Yeah squat on this
Rod surling to Boris Karloff to George Burns to one each from Elblanc jacks. Oh, you put jacks on there
I did jerks jacks and one phyllis diller Christopher Lee Jackie Lee Jimicay Don Cox and Barbara Walwell with one of these
Somebody voted for Jackie Lee probably him
He's got an ego bigger than Montana. What a goofball
Jackie Lee and it's the Moe on the outside here comes the Moe and every horse with the Moe. Yeah, Moe this Moe the lawn
No votes for Ricardo Montelman, Vin Scully Johnny most where you getting some of these were they on the original
Somebody facts that in there that Johnny most
We was robbed we was robbed have to check stole them all we was rob you know we was robbed rob this Johnny
He's dead hungry Bogart none for Jason Robards Harry Callis sliced alone Richard Nixon Mitch Lewis
You actually put Mitch Lewis on there sure. Why not
I'm gonna try to send Rick
He's gonna be able to Lauren Green
Thorough Ravenscar you put names on there. I told you not to Tom Broca
You're a master think you told me not to what I think you told us not to
Go ahead. Put whatever you want on there. Go ahead
Oh, here's another list
And I'm taking I'm just deleting it. You send me more than one. I delete them. I got
Ribb juice on my fingers
Can we add the next quick bunny to the pull who's seemingly a Jewish rabbit from a long island share sure
How about Ed Sullivan
Until I chew we got a really great shoe he was said
On here's here's two more keep sending me keep sending me a bunch and you can be damn sure
Manny from aca polco says how about adding a Peter Laurie we've already got him knowing yes
Act here from the 30s and 40s that usually played sinister roles. Gee. Thanks for explaining that to us
Yeah, like we don't know Peter Laurie. Yeah, you're the expert manny from aca polco
God
By the way, did you see the thing I think I forget where I saw last night about the mexico? No, they're killing people like crazy
They're in like tourist. Oh, that's my advice. You don't go for to Mexico. Yeah, I'm gonna stand on hold up. How they well
I'm just telling you
Do not go if you want to come back alive
Oh, and here's a couple well here we go here's if you want to send me a list more than one
I'm deleting right away
So if you want to make sure that whatever you waste your time sending me doesn't get on here
Just send me uh here's a couple of black guys. Here's a couple go ahead. I mean go ahead. Yeah
God that time we can't break it Howard Coastill and James Earl Jones 64 apiece
When I think of one I always think of the other don't you? Yes
How would co-cell speaking of spots? I wish we had that ABC sounder that new sounder we like
Do we I don't know let me look
Well, the hell is it they had a really great jingle package back in those days back in the late 60s early 70s
Well, they only got one clean hand for the news. Oh, they had a great news sounder would you give your goose bumps?
That that that that that oh my god that thing was like
You don't got it you got no ABC production. You know how slow this computer is right. Oh again. I thought that thing well
We'll couple a little bit
No, I don't have it. No, wait. No, I don't have it
You sure now no not sure well if you if it does pop up there you'll surprise us with it right
That it that that oh my god and then of course the sports thing for the co-cell show speaking of sports
Well at least the solstice low-cal this story says the West Michigan white caps a minor league baseball team will be offering up
Major league cholesterol carbohydrates and calories in an enormous hamburger being added to the menu
This year the fifth third ballpark
Well, what does that mean the fifth third ballpark that's the name of it? I don't know
I guess that's the name of it and Grand Rapids, Michigan. What a horrible place
The four pound twenty dollar burger features five beef patties five slices of cheese nearly a cup of
Something made ace. I don't know what it's wrapped off and liberal doses of sauce and corn chips all on eight inch sesame seed bun
That's a lot of dough it says the Grand Rapids press reports that anyone who eats the entire forty eight hundred calorie
Behemoth in one sitting will receive a special t-shirt
And you know what's gonna say on the t-shirt?
Sainter fans can divide it up with a pizza cutter and share
The Midwest league team is a class a affiliate of the Detroit Tigers
George Cal is still dead by the way
If Ernie could get up here and call one now and if Rocky could get a hold of one. Oh my god
Anybody who thought that George Cal was a broadcaster also probably thinks that yeah
That Red Deer Randy Moulers a broadcaster
I'm never gonna get over that experience a couple nights ago when I hit the audio from the radio on. Oh my god
Oh my goodness everybody's a broadcaster. You know said lady Martez a broadcaster. This is
1156 four minutes till noon at QM the Neil deal opens in four minutes
I'd be like that. It's not showing how many uh our left or how many I never showed the hundred to begin with
Are you following me?
Oh
Oh, what happened to George that he died did he disappear?
What I said the Neil deal thing is screwed up. How do you figure it doesn't show how many are left
They never had a number. I never had the number hundred to begin with and it's so you're not showing now
Let me go to it now you're what I said let me go to it now while Steve Sloan calls somebody and now asks what oh my god
It'd be the 12-1 hour on WQ a
Looking who that is everybody looking who that is
That you really see
He's a racing wins race around
Let's part of this
Now are you
is
Hey
But
Hey
I ain't gonna take that chance,
not if you keep calling in last.
That's why you don't go out with me.
You ain't too slow, you can't compete.
Well, I may be slow on the street,
but I should be fast on my feet.
We go back with death, we get back to death.
We go back to death.
Stay call him, Mr. Free.
Okay, so what's the deal?
Steve right out, talking on his phone.
So he's obviously gonna figure out what's going on
and get back.
Oh.
Oh.
I had a feeling there was something screwed up
because we were not only getting emails from the beginning
and they ever showed the number 100.
Oh, it says all certificates are processing, so they're all gone.
Please check back later.
So they're all gone but not official.
Well, that was amazing.
I don't know if that's accurate, we'll find out.
I don't know what's going on, but that's QIM, man.
Everything we do is not slow, not fast, it's half-assed.
Well, everything.
We can't take the blame for this one.
I beg your pardon?
You know, it's a third party that does the deal there
and the website and all that.
But that's part of the problem, is that we have a third party.
Like Mo Green said, call me when the party starts.
The vows have 73 points.
There's some good news.
I'm ready to just sit back in the chair and take a rest.
I'm sorry, this is just deflating, it's discouraging.
Everything that we try to do gets screwed up by another party.
Whether it's a third party or a QA party, whoever the party is.
And there's always a solid dance.
But it will, but it will, but it will, but it will, but it will, but it will.
You know, always.
And these things where we have no control over them,
these things are not done right.
All these things.
Yeah, all that's right.
They're not done right.
Where we have no control.
Where somebody else is yanking our chain and, you know.
And then those emails that I had before, that should have given me an inkling.
Okay, because it wasn't from some chronic or crank.
It was from some regular, responsible listener,
email or a slash human being.
But it's just all specific.
It's our processing.
Maybe we are sold out.
Maybe all 100 went in like three minutes.
It's possible.
It is possible.
They got great food.
Everybody knows it.
Everybody raves about who's.
Great location.
No, no booze on these.
No.
Oh.
So you don't be open up.
Can they be used for alcohol?
No.
Oh.
Cis it right on there.
The good thing of food is good.
They're sold out.
Oh, no.
What?
They're sold out.
The verifying it now, but Steve says according to them, they're sold out.
Well, that's what it says on here.
Now it says all certificates are processing, which means they're sold out unofficially.
Right.
That's hope that's correct.
Then we won't have to decipher what else going on.
Right.
Because some people don't know what the hell is going on, Steve.
Whether you're third party.
Oh, my God.
Here's one from the fake Rick Riley.
How about Jack Nicholson for the poll?
Also he says, are you still able to play the song parody under the fridge?
Haven't heard it in years.
Do we have one called under the fridge?
Yeah.
Can we play it?
I don't think there's anything wrong with it.
It's not in here.
No, God.
There's the underpants song.
What are you going to do with all the love you're hiding in your underpants?
Maybe we can take.
Wow.
I don't think I've ever played that.
That sounds like one of your things.
Yeah.
I'm loving your underpants from 100 years ago.
Old ancient, local, ancient Rudy.
What?
From a local band, Rudy.
Yeah.
Rudy Kazoo.
Mm-hmm.
Wow.
This shallot is so good.
I feel like everything was going along fine.
All of a sudden somebody just put up another one of those QA and roadblocks.
It can't be helped by us.
So in other words, you tell me there's no way for us to get a little bit more control over how that thing operates.
Yeah.
Here.
Go ahead.
Yeah.
Wave your magic wand and take control of it.
Oh, you've got the magic wand there.
That's right.
I don't have it.
It's still didn't work.
I don't have it.
Is it in here?
There's magic, but.
No, I don't think so.
I think I had that.
You added what?
That sound of that.
How move?
Goat.
Screaming lady.
Oh, there's the screaming lady.
Remember the original, the mini-screen.
Remember that one?
And I was at the boy Gary or Steve Nichol.
He said that, oh, we shouldn't play that.
It's disgusting or something.
Boy Gary.
Boy Gary.
That told him to blow it out their ass.
Please.
Boy Gary.
Yeah.
What was wrong with it?
Nothing.
It was something on the year and he was the program director and he was going to, you know, tweak it.
Oh, yeah.
I was probably going to be in the boss.
Oh, don't you guys play that?
Don't play trouser trout.
Remember Bob Green used to come in once in a while?
Oh, I don't play trouser trout.
That was Steve Nichol.
What?
Trowers or trout?
Wouldn't that help?
And...
But Bob Green came in and said, yeah.
Because you wouldn't listen to Steve Nichol.
You were out of control.
Oh, yeah.
And then Bob Green flew me in the hallway that one day.
Oh, don't come in my day.
And don't come in Tuesday.
Don't come in like that, you know.
He was my friend, Bob Green, after a fashion.
I'm your friend.
Yeah.
Yeah, he was my friend like that.
Well, guess what?
It looks to me like it's official.
Yeah.
It's official.
Let's see.
Past deals.
Now, if Hard Rock Cafe is on here under past deals,
I mean, it's official.
Let's see.
Uh, no, it's not on there yet.
It sits in limbo.
It's somewhere between official and official.
I don't get it.
Processing.
Huh?
Or processing.
No, it's not processing anywhere.
It doesn't say that anymore.
That doesn't matter.
What?
What matter if it says it or not?
Oh, it says by now.
So that means that some of them didn't go through,
but we don't know how many.
Oh, my God.
So there could be like one left or a hundred.
We don't know.
I know.
I have no idea.
Yeah.
All these years I've been doing this.
And now this like that.
And this here.
And this here.
Yeah.
And this here.
No, they're not all sold out because if they were,
it would be under past deals.
And it's not.
I go back and says by now.
But for some reason, this has never happened before.
We've been doing this a long time.
Never happened before.
That didn't show the number.
So whoever is in charge of this production,
whoever this company is, they've got it all bald up big time this week.
All bald up.
So tell your friend Steve Stone, they're not sold out.
Hey, we have no idea how many are left, which would be helpful if we knew,
but we don't.
Now, don't say nothing.
So is he going to do something about this or what's the deal?
This is my thing yesterday all over again.
I'll release around here today.
Right.
Right.
Quite right.
Hey, if you can do it, buddy.
Yeah, these onions are so powerful.
They're good.
Really?
And this is really hungry.
Ooh, the purple onions.
Put you into purple haze.
Sold out.
It says now.
Now it's sold out.
And now it looks like that's official because when it says sold out like that,
that means official.
So maybe there was one or two.
Right.
You know, I wouldn't worry.
Now, let me look under past deals and see if it says hard rock.
No, not yet.
And send that to the process.
I'm getting off of that thing.
Okay.
Let's just assume there's a little hand being away from it.
And if you're not, you know, just keep trying, you know.
Keep trying what?
Why don't you keep trying?
Maybe you'll get lucky.
You're sitting there shoving all that food down your face and you tell me,
keep trying.
No, you.
Oh, you mean the audience, keep trying?
I mean, maybe you'll get lucky.
Maybe you want one will come back.
Serious is increased rates by 40% is now charging extra dollars to listen off the internet.
However, Mel is still making 47 million a year and how it's still making 100 million a year.
Why should I pay for their scam while I'm not says George?
This is disgraceful.
I canceled seven subscriptions and now I listen to you exclusively says George.
Thank you, George.
George is in Orlando, no less.
How do you like that?
That's stock this morning because it had gone up to 40 cent.
Then went down to 31.
I was 36 this morning serious.
I'm serious.
That was up 86 and during these difficult economic times, the concept of raping people to listen to radio shows.
Sorry.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
The month's number is 20.
It's later.
560 Q-A-M.
Hey.
New.
Good.
560 W-U-A-M.
Present.
W-U-A-M.
Book count.
Starting hardly fire steam and sergeant Bill Tanner.
Robert Greene as Colonel Gregory.
Chilled in litter and Jeff divorce and Andy Dick as driving the blinsey.
What's your problem, Lin-V?
I can't get my hamline straight.
What?
Get out there on the grinder.
Okay.
What?
I mean, get sick.
Step nimbley on those heels, sister.
Hey, boy.
I got a hot dip on the boy.
I heard that private default.
Oh, yes, sir.
You point the Colonel Reese's office on the double.
Why, yes, certainly.
For a boy in the sorted Colonel Reed.
Well, at ease, private.
Thanks, sir.
And now look it.
There's a month's number.
I don't know, in the company.
A whole, sir.
Yes, and I'd like to know who that might be.
Well, I, uh, I think it's you, sir.
Oh, no.
No, no.
Because they'll never know.
It's me.
I'll run away.
Come on.
Hey, I don't think you're sensible.
You can't find me.
You can't find me.
I don't know what I've been doing.
I don't know what I've been doing.
Big leg is moving.
Ain't got no soul.
Big leg is moving.
Ain't got no soul.
Big leg's moving.
I think you're sensible.
I think you can expect me taking her away.
Yeah, that's me too.
And love is pushing me too much.
Very strong.
multiplied by.
Very strong.
Very strong.
Take him away.
He found you, sir!
Jaxcuos, the idiot violated his rules.
Oh, at least that brought a chuckle to my throat.
Wow.
This to me what's going on, going on here today is just another in a series of disgraceful
scams.
And we're not sold out by the way, it's back on the again by here and so on.
And we're not going to know what's going on.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because the people who are conspiring and involved in all this don't want us to know what's
going on.
Because if they would have shown us in the beginning, it would have been less than a
hundred.
Okay.
Okay.
And I have the evidence in my hand.
Okay.
From Sean.
This is the third email I've had from a listener.
He says, I got this email this morning.
I bought mine at 730 this morning.
And it's on the QAM thing logo.
Dear Sean, you're receiving this email because you stated you'd like to receive information
on new promotions on WQM.
We have new merchants on our website.
You may enjoy Hard Rock Cafe.
Thank you WQAM.
And so there are people who bought these as early as 730 this morning, unbeknownst to
us.
And so when we started, we didn't have a hundred.
That's why the number wasn't put up there.
Suppose they would have put up there like 10.
Okay.
And we would have wondered, well, what the hell is that all about?
And so we still don't have a number because they're not going to give us the number because
there's a scan going on between the people involved in this promotion and inside.
And you know something?
The chances of my sending Josh Cordis 5 cents on the scale of infinity are nonexistent.
What's he got to do with this?
Because the QAM, somebody from our website sent these emails out.
These weren't sent by that third party who's involved in the restaurant deals.
These were sent by QAM.
I'm sure Josh Cordis is the conspirator and he did all the time.
No, I'm not sure.
I have no idea.
But if it's not him, then who else is it?
You're kidding, right?
No, I'm not kidding.
There are so many people involved in these websites.
There are a bunch of people involved in the QAM website.
Josh Cordis does what he's told and he doesn't send emails out to people.
How do you know?
I'm making it up.
Well, who sent them out?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Automatically?
Who sent it out and how many of these were sold before we put them on sale?
I don't know.
Because they're obviously fewer than 100.
I don't know.
And they're still more available now and we still have no idea how many.
Because this thing was going along tremendously really well week after week, month after month.
This thing was going along.
A lot of other stations didn't do it anymore because they couldn't sell the certificates.
We've been doing it.
And muff comes in here and gives me a song and a dance about how great we're doing it.
Baba, bababa, bababa, bbb, bbb, bbb, bbb, bbb, bbb, bbb, bbb, bbb, bbb, bbb, bbb, bbb, bbb, bbb,
and now just out of nowhere, there are people diddler with us inside QAM.
You received this email because you stated to elect to receive information on new promotions
on QAM.
Right.
They checked the box somewhere so they get these automatic things.
But it shouldn't have, it should have nothing to do with this deal.
This is supposed to be something we do on the show and something that we're involved into
the point where we know what's going on with it.
And we don't.
Nope.
And the thing keeps coming up sold out and then it goes back to buy now because it's not sold out.
There could be 99 of them left for all.
I know.
I mean, we know Sean ball one.
And you got the free food there and you're sucking on the free food.
You don't see any of the least but interested.
I'm doing everything I can about it.
Yeah.
Which is sitting there eating your food.
That's right.
Well, good.
I didn't get any food.
I just got on your steam.
I got on your.
Yeah.
I told everybody what was going on.
Everybody's listening to what's going on.
They both ran out of here like.
Both who?
Steve and Duff.
And they're going to get on the phone and talk to somebody about getting the thing displayed
or fixed or find out what's going on.
Well, somebody in that building knows what's going on with these emails they sent out to
sell these online before the show.
I try to explain obviously they checked a box.
You just got done reading why they get those emails.
You're receiving this because you blah blah blah.
But you don't understand somebody inside the building put this promotion on that thing.
It didn't just happen spontaneously.
You don't follow that?
They opened the store on what I'm trying to think in my theory.
What you're trying to make up.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm making it up.
Obviously since Sean or other people bought their certificates early, this the third party,
the company that does this thing opened the store early for whatever reason.
Somebody said, you know, somebody pushed the wrong button.
Somebody programmed something the wrong way.
The store opened when the store opens these people who elected to receive promotional emails
got their automatic email.
Why are you laughing?
You just got done reading.
You're receiving this because you elected to receive promotional emails.
But this is not from some third party.
This is on the QAM logo.
Yeah.
And they receive it automatically whenever the store opens obviously.
What do you mean they receive it automatic?
It never happened before.
How do you know?
You don't think we would have heard from somebody somewhere that somebody would have bought one before?
Because when we start, we have the full number of certificates.
It's 500,000.
Sean, whoever, like Sean, can verify whether or not they receive the emails, that email, similar emails,
when the store opens for the people who we like to receive the promotional emails.
I don't think it's all that complicated.
The store opened early.
People got some automatic emails sent to them.
Some people bought their certificates.
Somebody realized they were saying.
What are you talking about?
Sean bought some certificate early.
Then obviously the company that sells the certificates opened the store early.
How else?
And that's because they've got this thing hooked up with somebody inside the building that we're sending these deals out to get people to buy it early.
Behind our back.
I don't think there is anything in city that's going on.
That was up 103 points.
Of course there's something going on.
All right.
After all these years and you're sitting there making excuses for these people, for these grave robbers?
Yeah.
There isn't a thing in the universe that they couldn't screw up if they gave it a good old country to try.
Well, they've screwed this thing up.
I don't think anybody's trying to pull a fast one.
I think there's just somebody made a mistake and opened the store early.
Opening the store doesn't generate these emails.
How about this?
Yeah.
It does.
Obviously.
What?
George making excuse.
All right.
That's what I'm doing.
You're still not going to get the car by the way.
Oh, geez.
I was sold out again.
It says sold out.
Yes.
No.
Maybe sold out.
I don't know.
That's the question.
I got an email from somebody saying, yeah, it does.
It doesn't sign up for the promotional emails whenever the store opens.
You get an email saying, hey, you can buy certificates.
From someone who got the same email this morning.
Yeah.
And yes, they get them every time the store opens.
Well, that's amazing because not one person ever bought one before.
And we don't know.
And with all the great restaurants we've had, I do think that if people always got these,
that they never would have bought one before the show started before noon.
You're confused.
The store doesn't open before noon.
Normally.
This was obviously a mistake.
And then how come we didn't get the number of certificates available?
Because they were trying to cover their ass?
No, really.
Oh, no.
You're looking to nail vouchers.
Well, here we go again.
Uncultured is 20 years later.
560 Q-A-M.
This station stands for nothing.
I'm Wilfletzer.
You're in the situation room.
The Pope says condoms are not the solution.
The technique he's telling people in Africa they should use instead.
He puts your right foot in.
He puts your right foot out.
He puts your right foot in.
And then you shake it all.
And then you put your right hand in.
He puts your right hand in.
He puts your right hand in.
And then you shake it all.
Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
I need all the laughter I can get.
That was marginally amusing.
So wait till you hear this.
Okay.
Not that you care.
You're just totally right.
Why would you say that?
Which is the appropriate attitude to adopt.
No, you've got to write attitude.
I'm doing everything I can.
Which is sitting there and eating.
I'm done eating.
I told the people responsible, Duff and Steve.
And I don't know what more can be done.
And what are they saying?
They ran out of here like they're going to do something.
Maybe they ran to high.
Like somebody put an H-bomb in their ass?
Like somebody got to put an H-bomb in their ass.
Rocky says when I got the email this morning,
and clicked on the link, there were 64 left.
What I think happened is the certificates went on sale on Wednesday,
because I usually don't get an email about past deals until Friday morning.
In other words, after we're done with our thing.
That's why I emailed you this morning about a sign of real Rocky.
And...
Yes.
Another rich says, received the same email this morning,
but had no idea that allowed me to log on early and buy these certificates.
I thought it was just a message informing me of the upcoming deals deals at noon today.
So I simply waited till noon and bought my certificate with no problem whatsoever.
If they do this again, I most definitely log on early and take advantage of it.
They better not do it again, because when we start at noon,
that's when the things are supposed to go on sale.
What I'm understated.
Not some kind of like mystery like, oh gee, I wonder if there's any left.
And...
Sean says, this is the first email I've ever gotten from WQM.
I always wait till noon.
Okay.
Oh, good. Sean's a good boy. He waits till noon.
Till things are kosher.
You got it?
Got it.
I am really...
I hate to say it.
No, I don't.
Pist off.
They could screw up anything.
A wet dream.
I mean, you name it black and screw up anything.
Is not arguable.
The real Rocky says, the email you read just down there from a listener is the one from NeoPhil
that lets you know about past deals that did not sell out.
It does have the QM logo, but it is sent from a third party company.
I see.
Well, there you go.
Well, I'm just passing along when I'm learning here.
Right.
That's all. That's all I'm doing.
That's what we can do.
Because we're like mushrooms, man. We're in the dark, which, by the way, you know...
Yes, we do what we can do. We can't be, you know, we can't be helped.
Oh, I'm sure a lot of people would agree with that.
Well, it says they're sold out again now, but you know what? I have my doubts.
And why it's taken so long for them to get official, I have no idea.
I mean, I might have some idea if it said like there were 30 left or five left or, you know.
But we, we, for whatever reason, they won't change that.
They won't tell us how many were left.
I theorize that somebody screwed up, opened the store a day early now.
It sounds like because these people got their emails this morning.
Yeah, 730 this morning.
And somebody went, ooh, that was a mistake.
And they didn't want to...
They didn't want to tell us how many were left because then I'd be sitting here wondering,
how come there's only like 40 left or whatever left?
Exactly. When we popped on there instead of seeing 100, we would have seen less than that.
Yeah.
Realize that the store was opened early and pitched to fit.
Now, I'm already pitching a further than later.
So I don't know what you're pitching to fit.
I'm already pitching a fit because this is being done like Schmidt, right?
If it's not broken, if it's not broken, fix it.
Typical radio approached everything.
Ditto with it, screw with it.
Which I mean, there's something that WQM website.
Remember how they were like so first to having a link to our website
because we had those pictures on.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, guess what? I am also averse to having anything to do with a QM website.
And they just make me sick.
Now, I should send a big check to Josh Cortes, 2030 grand, I would think.
I know we had nothing to do with this.
Right, he's a button monkey, man.
He's a button man.
He's a button push and monkey.
He's like, will he cheat? He's a button.
That's right, man.
They say push the button and he pushes it.
I thought maybe he was a buffer.
Wait, I want to take a lot of a button right now.
Josh.
Is he there?
No.
Oh, I mean, he's across the hall.
He came and got his food.
Oh, he came in there, got food, but he isn't dealing with this thing with the WQM website.
He's a crack.
Well, you know something he does have.
He's in charge of the WQM website.
He's the webmeister.
He's the cockamister.
That was a pastry for him.
And the virtual town of Almene is going out with Obama.
It counts.
You see, there you go.
It counts.
Like, count Dracula.
It counts.
Still says sold out.
Maybe it's going to be official one of these days.
If this happens again, I'm going to tell you right now, and I don't care how much money it cost me out of my pocket,
because what Joe Bell has already done to me, I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Himmler.
I just washed my hands of it if this keeps going on.
It's like these other people are doing crap behind our back.
And please don't tell me that nobody inside that building that you're sitting in knows anything about this.
I don't know what they know.
What do they know?
And when do they know it?
That's the question.
I don't know what anybody in this building knows.
Except not much.
They know what they do about the phone.
They know what they do about the phone.
What are you trying to say?
I'm trying to say a screw it.
Jesus, God Almighty.
You try to do a good job with crap.
We've been doing it weekend.
I mean, we've got what do we got?
Two or three that haven't sold out from the whole time we've been doing this?
I think we were talking just this morning about how lucky everything is in the world.
Well, this is radio schlock.
I've already said that.
I mean, it's true.
Oh, hard rock cafe.
It's official.
It's sold out.
Oh, oh, oh.
It says it sold out in 25 minutes.
Yeah, 25 minutes.
My ass with a little head start.
Yeah, with a little head start from 730 this morning.
And maybe yesterday.
I don't know.
Because certainly if Rocky says there were only 64 left when he got his thing.
How come he knew how many were left?
What time is his show on?
Yeah, strangers.
He's a stranger.
Yeah.
The strangers out there know what's going on.
But the people on the air that are supposed to be peddling this stuff and doing a job with it.
They keep them in the dark.
Joe Bell, you are an idiot.
You're running not a radio station.
You're running an insane assault.
Oh, me.
You're listening.
Get out of the elevator.
That's you, Joe.
No job.
We're three years later.
560 Q-A-F.
Trudge packing.
Break down the shower.
Wear the mudwums.
Go to hang from trees and play banjo.
You got some food.
Oh, a station on.
You fangold radio.
Oh, now as norse.
Caroline goes.
Rolly's a big city.
You know.
And that's where the beesleaves had to go.
For jolly, Riley, Joe.
You ferry.
A new GM.
He'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend.
Then quickly walk away.
Absolutely.
They have Joe.
Go to 560 with ratings and the toilet mold to get those.
Playings for full mose and order and control.
And then so.
Golly, Riley, Joe.
A book you'll learn.
And in the note, he lets mose.
Go.
And here's what blows.
It's going to be his own show.
He'll make a big change.
And rearrange.
It's worse or the same.
He hasn't done a thing.
No.
For what goes?
All the air had to.
Joe don't have a stinkin' clue.
About a poor, not medicineally.
Blow.
Sport all radio.
The GM of 560.
Jolly, Riley, Joe.
The GM from hell.
Jolly, Joe, whatever his name is.
16-11-QA.
Let's get this thing over with.
Are you done yet?
I'm done.
All right.
You done?
Let's go.
Finished.
Yeah, like in there will be blood.
I'm finished.
I have no idea what that meant.
All right.
All right.
Thank God that was into the movie.
That's right.
Yeah.
Oh, he's done.
Thank God.
Let's get on.
I believe.
Woo.
That was out again.
Maybe it's out again now.
Because you know how these things come on every couple of hours when they're on a cable?
You're going to check it out.
They're making the rounds.
Yeah, I'm going to check it out.
In fact, maybe I'll just play the audio from some movie.
Go ahead, Silk.
Barry Lyndon.
Scarts issue.
Wow.
What?
Scarts issue.
Yeah, is that good?
I don't know.
Oh, the ruins.
Ah.
Ah, the ruins.
I wonder if there's any language in the ruins I forgot.
Lethal obsession.
Ironjaud Angels.
Killing Zelda Sparks.
I don't tell me I can't get the ruins on this set because I don't have the, uh...
Oh, no, I can't get it on here.
I have to go in the other room.
Isn't that a shame?
Maybe there's another...
Maybe it's on another channel.
Beach Patrol.
NCIS.
The way west.
Rhapsody in your pants.
Silent movie.
Or Silent movie is good.
Laid boys too.
Sounds a little faggy.
Flinch.
The magnificent seven.
And that's it.
No, uh, there will be blood.
It will be blood.
Yeah, that, uh, that faker, uh, Reverend Mann, he was good.
What was his name?
Oh, geez.
I wish Jeremiah had a title of my...
Jeremiah doing his Jeremiah.
Something, I don't know.
Well, guess who won the unsexyist?
Uh-huh.
And some sexiest man, the award.
Uh, in what publication or a...
Big, fat,
Rush.
Yeah, there you are.
Boston Phoenix.
How many hits did you have to give me?
The man who touted,
Barack the magic Negro,
and Mark Michael J. Fox, for allegedly faking Parkinson's disease,
has beaten out the man to stone nearly 65 million for a dubious accolade.
Rush Limbaugh mocked his job of the nut by free-weekly Boston Phoenix,
has been selected as the ugliest man the year by the paper.
The 99 runner-up on sexiest men of the year can be viewed at this link.
It's got a link on here.
I didn't click it.
In order to why care.
America's ugliest moment of 2009,
Rush Limbaugh, his man boobs a jiggle,
bouncing at the CPAC podium to bask in the sickly glow of conservatism's orgy of greed,
ever since arrogance, the paper rights.
Here at last was the shining image of the 21st century Republican Party,
a lyrically rich baby boomer squatting at the top of the mountain,
reaping his jollies from the suffering of those at the bottom,
praying for the failure of hope.
If this hypocritical and morally repugnant reformed oxy-junk,
he wants to discuss failure, maybe we should talk about his career as an NFL commentator,
or the last time he detoxed off prescription smack, they said.
Number two, Chris Brown, who they say is imitating Akhturner's worst traits
and brings new meaning to the phrase, hit record,
setting his recent spat with Rihanna.
Number three, Bernie Madoff, the man who mounted the largest Ponzi scheme in history.
Also notable is number four on Phoenix, Jim Kramer of CNBC,
who was recently lambasted by John Stewart or Comedy Central,
for his history on history of pushing stocks.
CNBC's Jim Kramer is the Jenna James in the financial reporting.
The more the economy took it in the rear, the louder his screams of ecstasy became the feeling says.
Oh, you following that? You following the ad hoc?
We had this loudmouthed, prop-wheeling financial galagher on our list of foot year before he got owned by John Stewart.
But in 2009, Kramer wins our most devoted devolved awards,
streaking up a list from 91st place, showing in 2008,
now to land inside the top 10.
How do we figure it? Simple calculation.
We moved him up his spot every time the market went down like a porn star
and added bonuses every time he went for it, I should have done better.
They dubbed Kramer crock broker.
Michael Kamm-Rava, the man who artificially insinuated a mother with octoplets,
makes number nine.
The paper calls him doctor, octodonicologist,
and says, look at this, tell us if Alice meets Dr. Evil.
It suddenly makes sense. Maybe this is the only way he can get women pregnant.
The paper explains to the masses, unsexyness is defined in superficial ways.
Poor is big enough to drive hummers through,
and here that grows like kudzu and unwanted places, unexplained protuberances.
Think Danny Boniducci or Karytop,
or virtually any man you can think of with red hair.
To the faceless mirror mida, what is that?
Miramadons here at Phoenix, uh, unsexy headquarters.
What is that? Miramadons sold by R.M.
What? And so do ants.
Really?
However, unsexyness is altogether different quality,
defined instead by gripping jittings out of charities or punching your girlfriend
or yelling at your cinematographer.
Our annual survey of the years on sexiest men is corrected to this sort of deplorable behavior
that Phoenix editors write, assembled by a watchful team with low tolerance for hypocrisy,
wastefulness and unfunny comedians.
Our list holds men accountable for their rampantly unsexy ways.
Consider this a list, consider this list a compendium of social subpoena from the high court of sexiness.
subpoena.
Wow.
The town hall meeting is going on. We can be carrying that.
That is because they can't afford it.
If we drive down costs, then people will have it.
Um, but that's part of the debate that's going to be taken place over.
The emails came to a screeching hall when we were going through that long song of dance with the certificates.
Came to a screeching hall as in the only other things we got were a couple about these certificates.
Showstopper.
Heartstopper.
Yeah.
And so what was the follow up?
Anybody come in and give you like some my poop?
No, I have not gotten a no poop, huh?
An official story.
I feel like I've been pooped on today.
Cock.
I'm not one of those people who enjoys that.
I feel like great poop on.
Got this email this morning, yada yada.
There's there's some crap going on behind the scenes and now there are going to be a lot of people scrambling to cover their ass.
Oh, we didn't know anything about this.
This is strictly those other guys and yeah, yeah, we didn't know nothing.
I think I agree with that.
Like you said before, what do they know?
Nothing.
I'm not going to say.
But moving right along.
This is from the Saginaw News yesterday.
Jason Savage brought national humiliation to the Great Lakes Bay region by engaging in a sex act with a vacuum hose in a Thomas Township car wash.
A Saginaw County judge say late night TV's the tonight show with Jalen.
I know in the late show with David Letterman of folk fun at Saginaw Circuit Judge Fred Bortjard.
He told Savage before sentencing him to 90 days in jail for indecent exposure.
What does that sentence mean?
Why is he?
I don't see it makes no sense.
Bortjard said he's also had an inquiry from the London Globe newspaper about the incident.
I believe you are the community and apology for what you've done, Bortjard said.
Savage of Swan Creek Creek Township pleaded no contest, meaning he doesn't contest the prosecutors' evidence
and accepts the punishment.
He said your deal was humiliating and has been overwhelming.
He said people stare at him.
He's afraid to come out of his house and he can't fight a job.
It's been horrible, said Savage.
He's agreed to want to go counseling.
I've been keeping my nose clean.
I thought he was going to say keeping my hose clean and staying out of trouble.
Saginaw defensive attorney Phillips Sturtz on a lenient sentence for Savage saying the humiliation is enough punishment.
He's truly apologetic, Sturtz said.
Savage admitted in court he was on parole for fourth degree fleeing from a police officer.
In 2004 he told Savage the Department of Correction could find that he violated the terms of his parole by admitting to committing a crime.
The Department was to release Savage from parole Monday, June 1.
Savage has convictions for a secondary Rehoman invasion, 96, possessing contraband marijuana, 98, in a prison.
At the former Boinevester Correction Center, a Thomas Township president saw someone acting suspicious at a car wash 645 A.M. October 16th.
A Thomas Township Police Officer Park nearby approached on foot and cost Savage in the act.
He was doing the vacuum hose.
He had his hose in the vacuum hose and maybe he couldn't find any real live hose.
I guess.
Oh, I don't know. Who knows?
Those hose.
I feel like we've been hosed here today.
I feel like the whole show has been thrown off killed. I really do.
What else is new?
After yesterday?
Maybe this will be an everyday thing now.
Can't wait for tomorrow.
Here is one that says, how can you not include foster human in the polls the most distinct voice?
He was the voice of hockey nut in Canada back in the day when everyone in Canada listened on the radio.
Even though I was a Danny Galavan fan, I hated hewitt being from Montreal originally. Hewitt was certainly distinct in nasal.
You want to put foster hewitt on there?
If you want me to.
A Danny Galavan fan.
What are two T's on the...
Oh my god.
What?
What are two T's?
T T.
Thank you.
And that's it.
I think we're done with suggestion for this poll.
Thank you.
Yeah, that's what you think.
And I think we're done with the emails too.
What?
I'm sure they'll send another list.
Well, if they send a list, I delete it right away.
Good.
Yeah, that just screwed up the whole...
I screwed up all my plans, all my arrangements.
I mean, you're going along.
You think you know what you're doing.
And then all of a sudden, out of nowhere, comes...
Oh, geez.
Nobody knew.
And blah, blah, blah, blah.
Excuse, excuse time radio, baby.
That's what it's all about.
Excuses and excuses.
They never stop.
Oh, well, that's the third party.
That's that company.
That's it.
Yeah, right.
Call me when the party starts.
345 votes on this poll.
The most identifiable voice ever is or was.
James Earl Jones 88, Howard Coasell 79.
Jimmy's pulling away a little bit.
Paul Harvey 30, John Wayne 15, Walter Cronkite 14.
Geltie Geltstein's in the top numbers there, 11.
Double digits for Geltie.
How do you like that?
He's right.
I put him on the map.
The squeakmeister.
Arnold has got eight.
Vincent Price, eight. Peter Lury, eight.
And everybody else, relatively speaking, is small, potato.
Oh, Neil!
You're looking to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
I'm on sound court as well.
We'll be with you later.
560 Q AF.
I am bonus battle.
Since Felix Leiter has won Natasha and I no longer have to look for a motion squirt.
Instead, we listen to the Neil Rogers, Farron and Balanced went to two hours.
I can't believe I took Texas Tech to go into the sweet 16.
They lost in a third.
Wow.
March madness is a condition that affects millions.
So when you're due, kids, a crappy team, then I pick them to go to the final four.
How could they lose to VCU?
How?
How?
How?
But no, there's help.
I made a six foot bracket for the wall of my office.
Then an eight footer for my living room.
Get this.
A 12 footer in my basement.
Ask your doctor about bracket hall.
Symptoms of march madness include sleeplessness, rapid heartbeat, cold sweats, overeating, cardiac arrest,
maniacressive behavior, depression, disregard for personal hygiene, maniac shortness of breath, depression, teeth grinding,
maniacal out of vocalizations and depression.
Every year, a five seed beats a 12.
But who will it be this year?
Arkansas over USC?
And it all becomes too much.
Where the hell is Weber State?
Racket Hall.
Okay, one o'clock at 5'60 W.Q.M. Georgia is going to do the last hour today.
Yeah?
No.
Oh, good.
Well, I just saw I would see your reactions.
Good to hell at it.
I thought you were going to say, oh, sure.
Okay, and I got a lot of crap here.
Oh, it was broken.
Oh, boy.
You know, yesterday with the technical problems, right?
That paled in my mind.
I'm just telling you from where my fat ass is sitting.
Yeah.
That paled into what significance compared to this crap today?
See, I have a feeling that this is the wave of the future because we were just talking for you.
I got a feeling that this is the wave of one time only.
And if it happens again, I'm out.
I'm not having anything to do with it.
Okay.
It's, it's, it's, I don't want to say it's a fraud, but it's, it's dishonest.
Scandalist?
Scandalist to say the least.
We come on here.
We say we've got 100 certificates for yadda yadda.
And the meantime, a bunch of people getting emails have bought up a half of more.
Who knows how many?
And we don't know how many we got to sell.
Take something that was working really, really well and diddle with it.
It's screw with it.
You bet.
Wolfman Jack says somebody.
Rich, have you ever conducted a pull asking what is the most distinctive movie related music?
Godfather theme, Halloween, Star Wars, drugs, etc.
Have we ever done that?
I don't think so.
Well, we'll think about it for a few months.
Cause I've got a list of 100 Paul polls.
No, no real emails, though, but just as Zidane pulls.
That was 105 points.
Well, there's Tim Geithner lying again and shift risk to where it faces the lowest standards and weakest constraints.
And we need to recognize that risk does not respect national borders.
Yeah, he keeps getting longer and longer just like remember,
Bob, when he was lying about Monica, right.
And his nose kept getting longer like Pinocchio, the same with Tim Geithner.
It's getting longer in his nose too.
So what's the verdict?
Is anybody come in there?
I just keep asking that because that why I already know the answer.
Right.
What's that?
What's the answer?
The answer about what, why the hell does thing got all screwed up this week?
All of a sudden out of nowhere.
Yeah.
What's the question?
Rich and Orlando says,
I know much has been said about what George will do when you retire.
Like many, I do not think that he'll ever be a midday host on QAM or any other talk station.
However, I do believe he has a great FM voice.
It would be great in a late night situation.
While the only thing anyone talks about is Art Bell coast to coast talking about UFOs,
I don't think Art Bell's on been on for ages as he know.
You can have George Rodriguez talking about swing clubs and getting laid.
What would you rather have a one o'clock in the morning?
The world of coin to Roswell, New Mexico,
or the kinky side of midnight with George and his cast of sluts and predators.
Now that's counter programming says Rich and Orlando.
What do you think is that sound appealing?
Yeah, sounds like a plan.
I sure would.
With your cast of sluts and predators, I'll change my name to Art Hell.
Now it's up 125 points.
And I am sick to my stomach.
Physically ill.
Maybe that's because they're at my belt too tight.
Oh, let it out of notch.
Oh.
Good, Golly.
When you're fat and you have your belt too tight, boy, just...
It just tears your kishkis up.
Twisted kishkis.
When's the last time I played that?
I don't know.
Two more.
I gotta make it easy.
I hate to walk in and I hate.
Oh, I hate, but then I'll do it tonight.
Even Gildi got in on that one, or Gildi, Jr.
Did that sound a little bit like Gildi, Jr.
That's the boysta.
Joe from Toronto says,
oh, I already read this yesterday about the Nazis in Canada and they won't let you see this.
Well, sorry, Joe, once was enough, at least, more than enough.
Idaho teacher sells ad space on tests.
Never been in Idaho?
Idaho, Idaho, Idaho.
Here I go.
What?
Hope?
Pochettello, Idaho.
Good morning, class, and welcome to US history brought to you by Molto Caldo, Pizzeria.
In a cash-drapped Idaho high school where science taped new early lights which remind the
staff to save electricity.
An enterprising teacher has struck a sponsorship deal with a local pizza shop.
Every test hand out in a worksheet he passes out to his students rates.
Molto's pizza, 14 inch one topping, just five bucks, and bright red, inch high, letters
printed along the bottom of every page.
I just wanted to find a way to save money.
Said, Jeb Harrison and teachers history in economics.
We make, we sell ads for our yearbook for our school newspaper.
I don't think this small amount of advertising will change the classroom.
School officials were not wild about the idea, but Pochettello high school principal
Don Cotan, who relented after Harrison explained the ads could help illuminate such topics
as the Great Depression.
I had concerns.
I didn't know what this would open up for us.
Cotan said, but we've let this happen because it makes a point about what economic hard times
can force people to do.
As school districts across the country face the worst economic outlook in decades, educators
who have long reached in their own pockets to buy classroom supplies are finding creative
ways to cover expenses.
But seeing ads on school work is practically unheard of.
It's like when you go to the ballpark and the foul pulls are, you got ads on them in
the basis of ads and the players have ads on their.
Correct them.
Oh, God.
Crazy.
The thousand up, 127 points, aren't you, Shrelle?
I am excited.
You're not too excited in the Fargo, North Dakota though, because they're all underwater,
but you know, I got lost in Fargo and that's a horrible place to get lost in really.
Ain't nothing there in the winter.
Is what you make me see running around?
That would have been interesting, but no.
And what about what's your name, Frances McDormick?
I love her.
She is.
She is one of my favorite people in the world.
She could be the best actress of all time.
She's probably not, but she could be.
The 12,000 student school district in and around Poca Tello, an old railroad town of about
55,000, where Idaho State University and a semiconductor plant are among the biggest
employers is looking at a shortfall of almost $10 million next year because of expected
cuts in state aid.
Well, let's take up a collection and help out those people in Poca Tello.
Idaho, Idaho.
Oh, scared America.
This is a thing from a couple days ago.
And the fake Tom Jikers sent this to me.
Matt Pressman writes this, I don't know in what?
See, people send me these articles and I have no idea what they're from.
But you think that's a little bit bogus?
It would be nice if they...
Yeah, we ask if it tells where it's from.
Tom made it.
Like, fake Tommy.
And the headline is, whatever happened to Air America.
Now, I don't want to say I told you so.
Remember what I told you in the beginning?
Right before it even started.
It was going to fail.
Right.
And why is it going to fail?
Because I like the right wingers who are like ditto heads who are like obsessed like
with Bill O'Reilly and Rush and Hannity and all that crap.
Moderates and liberals tend not to be like one-dimensional people.
They don't need to have constantly been reinforced with the same Kakarai.
Right.
Or a Hazarai, all depending on if the figure's kosher or not.
Gary Sarner hasn't come back, has he?
Good.
I haven't seen him lately, though.
Good.
Rush Limbaugh has been riding highly, enjoying a huge boost in visibility thanks to his unapologetic
assertion that he hopes President Obama will fail.
What about another entity whose figure Rush hoped for and predicted?
Launched with great fanfare in the spring of 2004, Air America was meant to be the liberal
answer to right wing talk radio to counter its message and emulate its political impact
and financial success.
But despite abundant publicity and impressive roster of honor and talent, America's ratings
never came anywhere near those of riding tight and such as Limbaugh and Sean Hannity,
or even those of a heartland progressive edge shults.
To make matters worse, the network was beset by a raft of off-air problems almost from
its inception.
A charity loan scandal, contract disputes with affiliates and employees, continual changes
in ownership and management, and a 2006 bankruptcy.
As Air America's fifth birthday approaches it seems fair to ask, is the concept of a
liberal talk radio network dead?
And why didn't it take off as its supporters at home?
Because it sucked.
Air America's in fact still soldering on and when I spoke to the three men who are now
running it, Chairman and lead investor Charlie Kyrker CEO, Bennett Zero and head of programming
Bill Hess, they all voiced their optimism about the company's future.
But in retrospect, the spirit of 2004 seems laughably bullish.
The networks troubles began two weeks after its April Fool's Day launch when it was
yanked off the Iron Los Angeles and Chicago due to financial disputes.
Remember that?
Yep.
It turned out lead investor Evan Cohen had far less money than he claimed and some of
Air America's checks had bounced.
Cohen was arrested and unrelated theft in my laundry charges last May.
A real upstanding guy.
Air America eventually got new investors, a series of them actually, but never managed
to get a wide enough audience to reach or big enough, etc.
A wide enough reach or a big enough audience.
Got it?
Got it.
At its height, the network's most popular program, the Al Prankin Show, was carried
by 92 affiliates, had 1.5 million weekly listings by contrast.
The Rush Limbaugh show was carried by more than 600 affiliates and somewhere between 14
and 20 million listings weekly.
While the company's shaking finances certainly didn't help matters, Air America hosts Janine
Garafalo, who left the network in 2006 to focus on acting in stand-up comedy, had an
initial explanation for difficulty in challenging the limbaughs of the world.
Conservative or regressive radio has an easier time of it because what it does is tap into
your lesser nature, she says.
It's really easy to do that.
That's why I think it has the success it has because it allows ass clowns to think they're
doing good things, to think they're patriots, working for radio that speaks truth to power
that asks people to be better, to be good citizens, to participate in democracy, is not
as easy as what regressive radio does, which is, or asks people to do nothing.
Just hate.
That.
That.
Another possibility is they just aren't that many liberals who tune into partisan jab, or
even if they agree with it.
Al Prankin, Maclimbaugh in 2004, for saying in Frankens words, liberals won't listen to
talk radio, they like nuance too much.
But what if that's true?
Many left of center radio listings are no doubt satisfied with NPR, which offers intelligent
non-ideological reporting and analysis.
NPR's most popular program, Morning Edition, has about 13 million weekly listings, and
it's safe to assume that there's a little overlap between that group and limbaugh's audience.
Right wing radio listings tend to be allergic to mainstream media organs such as NPR, so
they don't have a compelling alternative to talk radio bomb-bast.
As graphloses it, they're confronted by authoritarian figures, they're comforted by
marching in lockstep.
People on the left are far more intellectually curious.
When asked has if he opened up some NPR devotees over to America, he said, being a second
choice for some of these listings would be a very fertile area for us to my audience,
a fertile area.
Still another theory is that America took an overly ambitious approach from the beginning,
instead of concentrating on one or two shows, they tried to create a day, a full day slate
of liberal programming, because otherwise Rachel Maddow would end up sandwiched between
say Bill O'Reilly and Michael Sandwich.
Michael Sandwich.
Michael Sandwich.
Oh, what did this use like that?
Yeah.
Their strategy required that they were America either buy out radio stations entirely or
lease huge blocks at time from them, a difficult proposition for any company, let alone one
that was often struggling to keep its head above water.
Oh, Neil!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
I'm so sure it is for you.
One more.
560 QAM.
Neil God.
Hey, y'all.
It's Britney again on my blog.
Well, I'm still on the road.
And I'm, I'm hey dad, what's up?
Honey, I got your grits, Kevin called and you're f***ing hanging out.
Okay?
I can't believe it.
I have to call Kevin back.
Anyways, the last city we went to, we-
Excuse me, Britney.
Go ahead, Tyrone.
Oh, he's on my security detail, y'all.
There's cameras everywhere and he watches everything.
It's great.
You have a visitor and a gate and you're f***ing hanging out.
Oh, M.G.
Someone's at the gate.
Oh, have London.
What's that?
Showing printed bail in a well?
Oh, m***s hanging out.
Let me stuff it back in.
Thanks, London.
That could have been really embarrassing.
TTF and y'all.
Yeah, TT.
118 at 560 WQM.
Don't forget, join George's Gulf Stream tomorrow, attend it too, during the show.
We're going to be handing crap in in Georgia.
We're going to be punching his guts out and-
And not just me.
Beast came in here since he's going to be here while I'm there
and gave me some money so that he can bet along with me.
How much do you give you?
20 bucks.
Oh, woo!
Hey.
That's good.
That's good enough to play with.
I'll play with that much.
Of my own, you know, in addition to his.
No, you're just going to use his.
No.
Well, here's the way it goes.
Make the bets if you win.
Keep the winnings.
And then tell him, oh, you didn't get the bet.
And just give him-
Just give him-
Just 20 bucks back.
I know people like that.
That's the race track, especially.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I forgot to make your bet.
Here's your 20 back.
In the meantime, you've got like 100 in your pocket.
And of course, if it loses, well, you can just launch it.
Or you just keep the money and just say your horse lost.
Good plan.
Paul Smith, who I think is a new creation of John's ETR,
I'm pretty sure of it.
Just like that first email that I registered with it,
the audit one.
Neil, stop attacking a top PD like Joe Bell.
I didn't know he was PD.
I thought he was GM.
Right.
His help in your show is what keeps it on the year.
Oh, you put all your shortcomings on him
because you can't keep pace with a changing market like South Florida.
I've done my best to help you in the past to keep your ratings high.
But with these attacks on a true gentleman
and business visionary like Joe Bell, I can't promise I'll do so in the future.
And accordingly, sign Paul and Paradise, aka John's ETR.
Sure.
Like you said, there's about five emails.
And four of them aren't emailing now after that.
Oh, and wait till you hear this.
What's that?
Just when you thought that that whole business
with a significant budget.
Yeah, just when I hoped that it was.
Oh, here's an email from Flea.
Please see below and plan accordingly for live spots, scheduling and appearances.
Thanks.
Yeah.
And this is about my vacations and your vacations.
And you know the audio.
All of the vacations.
Great.
He's on top of it.
He's doing it.
Okay, listen to this.
Okay.
I'm going to have a relapse when I finish reading this.
I'll have a stroke now.
From Todd, the snowman.
Thanks for breaking my virginity today.
I bought five certificates at 12.02 p.m.
When I went on the page of order, the number left was 100.
So somebody is lying.
Thanks for the great deal.
Okay.
Did you hear that?
I heard it.
I don't know what to make of it.
But I heard it left when he started.
If Rocky Ashmendrick there had said there was 54 at 730 this morning.
Right.
Maybe somebody's not being honest or maybe they didn't know.
And how does snowman know there was 100 to go when I couldn't.
Could you see the number left right on your thing?
That's a dubious email there.
Yeah, I think Todd just an OJ on provocateur could very well.
Enough that anyone would do that.
You know, mess with us like that.
Oh, no.
Not an issue.
And not an issue.
I'm not in the motion by trying to tie up the minute, you know, the thing by, you know, ordering a bunch like I did before.
Yeah.
Are you saying that there's people screwing with us?
Why would anyone want to do that?
I don't know.
What was me?
Whoa.
Whoa to us.
I still just don't understand why this thing is going out with the QAM logo thing on there.
Neal's had price deals 560 WDQ AM and it like it's a letter from QAM as if.
I mean, it's one thing if they turn over the.
The actual physical.
I'm well, you know, while it's going on on Thursday.
I'm tongue-tied because I'm trying to explain it right as opposed to like being involved in all these other ways.
It's kind of like somebody else is running a radio station on Thursday at noon.
Yeah.
Well, these, somebody's got to.
Don't complain.
Somebody has to take the bullshmit by the horns and get a hold of it.
Grab it.
Get a hold of it.
But nevertheless, when did I say the next trend is coming out?
Did you mark it on the calendar or not?
No, I didn't.
Oh, boy.
Slip shot.
Everybody's slipping.
That's me.
And I'm starting to hear tap and knock and they're putting new toilets in some of the apartments here.
Why stealing?
And the sirens out there.
Can you hear that?
Not yet.
Now we can.
Fire truck.
Oh, boy.
Big old fire truck, new toilets.
Tap and hammering yankin, twistin, pullin, pushin.
And they're pushin' it.
As how a smelly burger would say they're pushin' it.
Well, it's really, you know, it's a damn good thing we had that poll today with the building
to poll with the names.
Because other than that, man, they had the amount of material they had you could put in a
thimble and have room for the beast ass left over in there.
So the beast is going to be in the studio there tomorrow again, huh?
I reckon.
If not, thanks for the money.
Here's the 24.
I think everybody in the building oughta come around and have you a 20, 50, 100.
That's right.
Hey, makes the money for me to march a tractor.
You know, I should sell the food that the people bring in here.
And then what we can do is I can text you the horses that I really pick.
And yeah, for you to bet with your money.
And then on the ear, I'll pick dogs that have no chance.
99 to one.
You look at the last line in the racing premises.
Fell, bled.
You're a bad finish.
Puked his guts out, you know, like that.
I never would never would have even occurred to me.
Well, when you've been going to the track as many years as I have,
almost 50 years, 49 years.
I think you're the bastard in the basket.
What is it?
That was sort of the basket.
What does that have to do with this?
I just called you a bastard in a basket.
Wait, he's writing something on trend Thursday, April 2.
Okay.
That's what it was.
That's next Thursday.
Yes.
Next Thursday.
Thanks, Lee.
Second trend of the winner book.
And let's pray it's as good for us as the first one was.
Boy, then we can get some bonus money, which we desperately need.
Oh, boy.
Thanks to the hose job that Joe build it on all of us.
It gives you a 3% raise and then a 5% cut.
I mean, what kind of a deal is that?
Bad deal?
Bastard deal?
Oh, horrible deal.
I'll stab it in the back to the end.
No car.
No car.
Bastard from a basket.
Bastard from a basket.
Quick pick it on, jelly, Joe, like that.
Bastard from a basket.
So I enjoy the new car.
Oh, it's like a dream.
And I just want to scream.
I don't know what the real story is.
We'll leave it to Duff and Steve's slow.
Yeah, they'll put something up and down.
And he's talking with their partners and crime on that deal.
What they'll happen today.
Every week, it's just like clockwork.
Moving along.
No problem.
Most weeks we sell out in a couple of minutes and whatever.
And then this week out of the blue out of the field comes.
Soros.
Yeah.
Here at South Florida Sports Leader, we are dudes talking sports.
Manly men talking about more, friendly men.
But one thing we know is true, even though we love to talk sports,
we also love to look at hot chips.
To do that, just log on to wqam.com and get the best of both worlds.
Hot chicks talking sports.
It's script down sports online at wqam.com.
Now, please don't tell me that's a red join.
Please.
Please.
Oh my god.
I don't know me.
How well has anybody heard?
A father murdered.
Father murdered.
With burgling turds, a well of father murdered.
With burgling turds, a well of father murdered.
Was burgling turds, a well of father murdered.
I heard.
This bird collider, a well of mother murdered.
With burgling turds, the well of father murdered was burgling turds,
father murdered.
Father murdered, mother murdered, mother murdered.
Was burgling turds, father murdered.
With burgling turds, well, don't you know my father murdered.
Well, he was all harried 1945.
And burgling turds, a well of father murdered was burgling turds.
That is what I heard, Lyft my dress for the lord
Father my Hurdle, stabbed and murdered
Father Murge, was Virg main church
Father Murg, revisarred, but Virg rear'd
Father Murge, merried, thats why his life was sighing
Murdered, murdered,nosis born Todem's Legor
Father murdered, murdered, murdered, was murdered, was murdered.
Well, don't kill now.
My father murdered, well, he was also a rainbow.
And then, bird-o-ling turns.
Oh, well, a father murdered.
With burgling turns.
Oh, well, a father murdered, was burgling turns.
Father murdered.
Burgling turns.
First, first, first, burgling turns.
First, first, first, burgling turns.
Father murdered.
There's a burglar.
So, George text me.
It says, what happened?
I was in the magic room.
I come sliding and you're thinking with plenty of time.
Yeah.
And then what happened?
And what happened was that there's another funky rejoin there.
Oh, QWQM.com.
And I mean, since when has that ever been a rejoin?
It's more than just a format.
It's part of the whole new QAM thing called F with Neil.
No, it's just unprofessional.
It's Bush-league, man. Bush-league.
It's like sitting guests.
Guess when the rejoin is over.
Guess what it's going to be today.
Guess what kind of...
And I thought that your buddy Flea had that all straightened out.
That it was like you were not to talk to him.
He's a knitwit.
A little little Tampa talent.
That's what he is.
He ought to be with that guy Richard Grundee from the track.
Grunder.
Grunder, is that it?
Yeah.
Grunder down under?
I thought I'd wear a rodet down.
Oh.
Oh, here's the three minutes till the first race at Flambro Downs
with the arrogant, egotistical Gary Guy.
Great voice, crappy race collar.
No, Gary Guy.
No.
Looks like homeless.
He looks definitely like a homeless guy.
Wow.
I feel like I wrote a mile.
And when you're calling the races at Flambro Downs,
you probably ought to be homeless.
Let's see, the four is nine to five.
Oh, there, there's...
It's a good thing the show's over in a half an hour
because they're really starting to potsky around with the toilets
and the apartment above me.
Really?
I think they may just fall right through the ceiling.
That would be interesting.
You play in Elvis?
Yeah.
Well, too much.
I said flush.
I was hoping for the sound effect, but guess what?
Too much.
Yeah.
Sound effect of what?
The toilet flushing.
And so how come we're hearing too much by Elvis?
What's that got into the toilet?
Because it's the flush song by Bokeh Bryant.
Is it?
Yeah.
Oh, I bet you there's some...
Probably.
Oh, yeah.
Be afraid.
Oh, there's a camera to the gate at Flambro Downs.
It's done by Hamilton.
I don't think I want to go there.
And of course, like all of your race traction Ontario,
they have shots.
Guess where I'm going at 230?
What bad?
No, yeah.
Not at two, though.
230.
Okay.
I have an unscheduled visit from Tokyo.
You're a roling or a roling guy.
Oh, here we go.
A field of nine.
Condition pacing.
There we go.
Johnny Maboo.
Johnny Maboo.
Oh, this guy.
So, so affected and so fake.
What do you expect?
Well, let's see.
And the palmokin he deals with on Mark McDonald on the three.
And the three of these red wine would be made true on a three-two strong.
And the setter keystone was stick at white and roll.
Anthony McDonald, there's my boy on the nine.
13-1-0.
That's why I'm just a rembetser booty.
And here's Ooty, he's your crystal's party.
It is post time for a lifetime.
And the top of the stretch in here, they come.
Mr. Maboo, we have a starter's recall.
All right, well, that's good.
I don't want to carry harness racing on here.
That would be a kiss of that.
That would be almost like all that time we spent on that damn.
Neal deal thing.
Or nearly that thing is a slick as a greased pig.
Yep, but not today.
Today we had too many fingers in the pie.
That's the problem.
Too many people involved in that crap.
Too many people involved.
And you better tell flea that if he starts screwing around with his rejoins again,
his ass is going to be re-he'll be right back there in tarp and springs.
Well, whatever that means.
I don't know.
Just came to mind.
He's a good place for him.
Well, he's buddies with Jolly Joelle Bell.
He puts on a good act like he's our buddy, but every now and then,
when he least expected, he gives us the old raspberry.
It was a raspberry.
OK.
That was a poison berry.
Jeff says, for the pool, don't forget about Scott Farrell for the pool.
I'll send him on serious four nights a week.
Maboo, I'll send your children some Asians.
He says he loves that guy in a non-faggot way.
What about him?
Why do people have to say that so defensively?
They're afraid.
Oh, they're afraid that everybody's going to think that they're...
Yeah, I see.
...and you homo's wanting to touch their balance.
Oh, yeah.
...like that.
No thanks.
I'll untouch you side unseen, Jeff.
A PP, the pistol animus pussy footer says.
The other day, you asked what the male equivalent of a beard was.
In case nobody else answered, the term used is Merkin.
Have you ever heard that before in your life?
Never.
No.
Merkin, meaning rhymes with Gerkin.
And Gerkin.
And Lurkin.
He's got an explanation there, right?
Yeah, when you just relax.
For a guy that has...
Every time I say something, you're not there today, which, you know...
What?
...when you got to go, you got to go.
No, that's about 10 times today.
What?
The food was there.
You were totally preoccupied while I was sitting here having a nervous crap about this damn,
a neildial thing.
Sure.
And you were eating, and I understand.
Right.
I mean, the clients come in, they bring the food in, so I'm not just eating.
I'm smoothing, too.
Were you smoothing with them?
Yeah, they're rarely...
Were they aware that the thing was all screwed up?
I hope they didn't hear that.
They were here for the whole thing.
They just want the certificate sold out.
They don't really care when or how or if...
Well, they got sold out.
They got sold out.
That's all they care about.
Good.
And they got a lot of airtime.
They sure did.
It's a great place, everybody recommends.
I'm going to sneeze.
Eeeh!
Eeeh!
The word Merkin comes from a 17th century term describing a public wig
that used to be worn by prostitutes when shaved their pubic area to get rid of lice.
Oh, how pleasant.
A pubic wig.
Did I say public wig?
Whatever.
A pubic wig that used to be worn by prostitutes when shaved their pubic area to get rid of lice.
Oh, so they put a wig down there.
Oh, my God.
I'm going to wig out.
And you're going to wig out when you hear.
Prevent your booty.
Add the second-tiered crystals, Katie.
It is.
Post-time race three.
They're into the stretched rive.
So the brothers are in the right place.
Mark McDonald and Anthony McFown.
We'll get back to Anthony.
They're at the start and they're off.
Keystone must sneak leaf sharply with major temperature tantrum.
Major of ten.
That's what I'm going to have today.
I already had one.
And you're going to have one when you hear this next email is from.
Al Rogers.
Well, you already know?
I got one too.
Oh, boy.
Now you're going to get really psychotic if I read it.
Am I going to get a lecture?
What do you see with them?
Yeah.
Well, you're always lecturing me about reading emails and specific distance.
It's not just highly up to you, man.
I mean, not there's not much to it.
Subject.
Succeed.
Sexy Greyhounds.
How about taking a poll rating the dogs?
Well, what does that mean?
Deer Neel.
Joe Rose did a show on ugly South Florida athletes.
I have a feeding your program director.
He has his wandering eye on some Greyhound dogs.
He follows quite closely.
I bet your program director you have a few nominees for your poll.
Sexyest Greyhound dogs.
Clarence, don't tell.
What does that mean?
Clarence in the Greyhounds?
I don't know what he's talking about, as usual.
I thank you for the 30 years of Greyhound radio.
WNWS790, WYNZ940, Zeta 84, which is not right.
WYOD and IWQAM.
I did not catch any of your shows on WKAT.
Sincerely, AL, Palm Beach.
Police here love to write tickets even more than the police and plantation and Palm Beach.
Thinking of moving to Jupiter or maybe Naples.
Far away, AL, formerly of Palm Beach and plantation Florida.
The chronic stalking AL Rogers.
Maybe he's got Randy tied up in the basement with a little jog.
That's right, he went by dogs.
No wonder nobody can find her.
That's right, AL Rogers got Randy locked in the basement.
Oh, Jason Brewer is on the lead that won the two.
Two and a half lengths from the frog.
JB's right one on the inside racing for the white sandblows outside 5th crystals Katie.
Don't like Jason Brewer.
But it's back further than his Srimmoned fit.
Low motion, bachelor booty, three quarters with 25 and one.
And it is keystone, the stick now.
Sounds like Gary Guy's gonna have a sleep.
So, if you find three as they turn for home, Babylon's sister on the inside racing second major.
It's a wonderful history.
When she's in the middle of the stage.
And JB's right one with crystals Katie, they come to the finish.
Keystone with stick wins it and takes it by about five lengths.
By about five lengths. Do you hear that?
Yeah.
Neon Guy.
My parents don't tell me to so loud and make a fuck.
The woman's a grocery store bag and grocery sucks.
All I'm feeling right now is jealousy.
Cause everyone's insane free to their own MTV.
I gotta work all my friends.
All party.
145, a QM God is almost that time.
And when the big hand hits a little hand.
Oh, thank the Lord.
Al Rogers follows up because they were the first ones who I blocked him.
Okay.
He was already blocked online apparently.
Oh, yeah. Well, I just blocked him again.
Maybe George will get a car if you disclose which Greyhound dog Joe Bell likes the best.
He don't even know that Joe Bell is not the program director's the general mangler.
Right.
We hate you.
Al Rogers. Go away.
You stalker. Go stalk somebody else.
And by the way, RR that was funny.
Oh, yeah. Historical.
What? What?
Here's one almost as funny from your buddy Flea.
Heard the rejoining. I'm on it.
I'll bring you back to sponge next time I back home in Tarpen Springs.
You know what that means?
I guess they got sponges there, you know, from the sea.
Maybe that's where they get them.
I'm just I see it.
I see.
I see.
Bless treasury trying to hang tough down along the rail.
It's Steve ol' and desert Falcon as they run down to the line.
Steve ol' desert Falcon. Serging desert Falcon.
Desert Falcon up to him.
Second race of Gulfstream.
This is a preview of tomorrow.
George will be there all four hours.
Right on.
And we'll have some lucky weaner out there with our pick up pony deal.
And now I got a handicap both races thanks to Steve.
Yes. Thank you.
They just make it up as they go along.
That's all.
That's all.
Oh, I don't know.
You're doing that for me.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
And what are you doing for me?
Blowing your kisses.
There you go.
By the way, it'll be Rick this week.
Oh, wait. So we already know who the contestant is.
Thank you.
I'm going to write that down right now.
I've already got the racing form for both of the first two races.
Rick will have a $50 win bet on the second race, wherever I pick.
I'm not all that confident this time.
And I'm not going to that Ron Nicoletti guy.
I don't know.
I might not even look at his picks.
Got that heavy new walk accent, you know?
You know that guy?
Yeah.
Now do they ever come by and see you or speak to you any of those people?
Yeah.
They do all the big wigs.
They're all very nice there.
They are.
They love us.
I met him.
I want to remember his name because now he's going to hate me.
Who is that guy with the Atari?
Aaron Perry.
He's like the general manager or something like that.
Oh, but who is the guy that you said looked like a mafia guy?
Remember you brought him on the year that you wrote his name down too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Which isn't an insult.
I forgot his name.
He gave me a little bit of info about the slots.
I should have pumped him a little harder on the slots.
So to speak.
I don't think there is any information to be gotten.
You know what I'm saying?
I think it's just one of those mysteries.
You just have to keep searching for a good machine, man.
Right?
Right?
Lately, last, I don't know what it is.
Last couple of months, I found a lot of good machines.
The Lord has been real good to me.
Cliff and Kendall says I noticed that Donnie Stullworth's blood alcohol levels still have not been officially released.
I find it very interesting that if a slipper like myself had run somebody over or somebody like Rick Sanchez,
my alcohol blood results would have been available in a matter of days.
In addition, if it had been me that had mowed down a pedestrian seven o'clock in the morning while leaving South Beach,
my narrow white ass would still be sitting in a jail cell today.
Up till this moment, we never knew that Cliff and Kendall had a narrow white ass.
Did you?
I thought it was wide and black.
Oh.
Wide and dark, anyway.
Yeah.
People always talk about racism in this country, particularly black and white.
The only color that matters in the U.S. is the color green.
Now you got to Cliff.
Now he's trying to catch an on.
There are two sets of laws in this country, one for the unwashed masses and another for the rich.
I predict, Danny won't see one day of jail time.
So it's Cliff and Kendall.
Oh, it's eight already, my god.
That's like 40, 60 rees.
Holy moly, rat man.
So do you?
Steve, all the way up to 10 today.
Steve, Calabra.
Who told you that?
Steve Sloan.
Steve Sloan.
Steve Sloan still not giving any answers about that the scam he's got going with the needle deal?
Well, no.
52 tomorrow, 50 today and 52 tomorrow.
It's like mild and wild.
God.
Like a heat wave.
You could play it by Martha and the Vandals or by KC in the sunshine.
Who did KC do that with?
No, it wasn't, it wasn't heat wave.
It was dancing in the street.
Right.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Right.
Linda Ronson.
Hey KC.
You're fair.
That's heat wave.
Yeah.
Oh, and they're, they're, oh, do you hear that?
They're drilling in there.
It's drilling.
And the toilet is spilling over.
Oh, and here's an email about Sirius.
I'm Sirial.
He said it's been less than a year since Sirius promised not to raise rates.
Sirius has raised their rates.
Hope a Tom will write an article.
Thank you, God, for Neal and Tom.
Who's he?
Or just spoke with Jicca?
Oh.
Thank God for Neal and Tom.
He's not a little Tomy.
Yeah.
Sirius has screw in the public and that's because they're desperate and they're on the verge and that's the way it goes.
And there's another one here about the, um, sends me a copy.
He says, I get this all the time.
And nobody's ever told us they send these things out.
It's the QA logo again.
And, uh, thanks.
So you're receiving, yeah.
So I guess if you buy one of the certificates, then you, you start getting these things all the time.
There's a option you can check.
I understand.
Oh, so another one somebody told you about that and you're holding back.
No, no, no, we found this out today.
You read that actually.
I read what?
You're receiving this because you've, you've selected or you've elected to receive promotional email.
You stated that you would like to receive information on new promotions on WQM.
Yeah.
You stated.
I found that out from you today.
Really?
Didn't you?
No.
Oh, you must have been in the church.
No, I'm just going to get it.
The whole thing.
My mouth is a gate.
Close it, please.
Ah.
Oh.
The audience thinks we make these things up.
Oh, they do.
They really do.
They come to appearances.
Oh, that's so funny.
That's not really true, though.
They really believe it that we make this great.
Right.
As a, you know, I have a pretty good imagination.
I'm pretty creative.
Right.
In a billion years, I couldn't make up the swill that passes for business in this place and in this business.
And in my dopedest, updest, I couldn't make this stuff up.
In fact, it started IOD.
I remember saying, saying on the ear, if it's not broken, fix it.
Right.
Because they would always screw with success.
Whatever was working, they'd start diddling around with it.
Changing the format, changing those, changing that.
The only thing they didn't change was their damn underwear.
Except for Disney, because he was constantly crapping in his pants, you know.
I didn't know that.
Crapping in his pants and puking in a waist pants.
Now that, that, that, that, that, that's true.
That's true.
Yeah, I heard that story.
Very emotional guy.
And of course, when you go out and lunch, and you get a licker with lunch all the time,
and then you get some bad news about some Ojampra Vodka tour out there
is diddling with our station and threatening us, then you have a tendency to puking a waist basket.
How's that pull coming before we get out of here?
Thank God.
The most identifiable voice ever is or was, James Earl Jones is pulling away, 106.
Howard Co-Cell, who was neck and neck, nose to nose, is falling into behind, 87.
Paul Harvey 34, Walter Cronkite 17, John Wayne 17.
We left Walter Cronkite soft to pull.
And what about Ralph Redneck?
Oh, Neil!
You're nothing to Neil Vodger.
Well, here we go again.
Here's my story, said by true.
Boy, about a girl called Cifullet Sue.
Had a bucket running around.
Gave it to every guy in town.
Oh, I shouldn't know it from the spot on the left.
I didn't know it was with a urine and a dress.
I bought a bowl always be with you.
So stay away from the Cifullet Sue.
And to turn the bars I shouldn't see no signs.
No, the cent's on my friend of mine.
You got it, Faker.
Now I've got it, too.
So keep away from the Cifullet Sue.
Yeah.
Hey.
Keep away from that girl.
Hey.
Hope that was still there from now.
Get away from Sue.
Oh.
She likes to sleep around.
Yeah, even did it with my bad shit, how?
We didn't get a job that took home.
Now I'm afraid it's falling off.
Here's the moral of the story from a guy who knows.
Use the house, the hose, where this fungus grows.
And scanning food, I'd see you in the news.
I'll keep away from the Cifullet Sue.
Yeah.
Keep away from that girl.
I don't know what to do now.
Bye, bye, bye.
